Yes, that was for those less fortunate who were struggling to figure it out
very
For what
Bruh what do you mean retards c’mon man
Wow.  Imagine the profit margins on that...  That's great for them that they're trying to stay ahead of the competition because 2022 is when it's going to get really real and shit will be flooding in.  But if they can deliver a $25,000 EV then they'll say a butload of them.  But what the fuck do you think the profit margin will be on it?!!?!?!  Try and justify the valuation then...  and man mo' cars sold = mo' problems.  Recalls, warranty claims, quality issues galore.  When they finally pumping out millions of cars you'll get to see why this is such a hard space to succeed in.

Can't wait until they sell 5 million of these things and have $125 billion in revenue and $5 billion in profit.
[removed]
Same. People have different reactions. It's just weed, there are other things to enjoy. 

One thing that helped me was to try to focus on relaxation and positivity before doing weed and it might help reduce anxiety.
They haven’t had a win in a while so latch on to any hope like the cowards they are
This is the kind of hype we need for tomorrow.
Yey staying silent while democracy dies. Duck yeah
are the pj traders retarded?
20% skill
Surplus handguns are cheap as fuck
Why?
Apple is behind, but I think the Hyundai deal is gonna speed shit up. Apparently new factory getting built soon for 400000 cars a year. Deal to be finished up by March. Calls for the next 3 years will honestly print between the two companies.
RemindMe! 12 hours
[deleted]
No.
Put your money on Harris.  I find it more likely she will be President longer than Biden.  Biden is a *Weekend At Bernie's* mf.
FCX is a great stock, $31 now but when the underground mine in Indonesia starts in early 22 its going to pop. Im looking for $80/$120 a share - options chain in Jan 22 is expense tho, shares are probably better for now.
Puts on religion.
Why futures down?
why u think
BlackBerry coming out of the weekend with two HUGE wins....BAIDU & NIO to use BB's QNX

Moon it BB
Not Nasdaq futures you fuck.
Wow thanks man. Some good tips. I mainly do the simple movements for now. Just seems whenever I do shoulder presses, my shoulder gets fucked. I’m going pretty light (lighter than if I was using dumbbells) with just 35s.
The fact that you are so sure makes me wanna buy more puts
The Butterfly IQ will likely be bought up by the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation and donated all over Africa.
 

How much will the Twitter stock price drop tomorrow?
!remindme 10 days
That’s what I said, 👁🧼
Hahahah lmao hahahaha so funny. Never seen this one before. So clever. This time you'll be right I'm sure. I mean you're wrong every single other time. But this time. Ya. So original so right.
*chuckles I’m in danger
Im gonna sit back with these dash puts
Dramatic
Yes. There seems to be alot of bench mark funds that probably expected a dip to buy in at and be the winner. But no dip came after S&P500 Inclusion. Now Tesla is at \~2% of S&P500 and the big funds have to rebalance and the Bench mark funds that yet has not bought any is sitting with tears in their eyes begging for a huge dip. 

Well, it seems like the DIP IS NOT HAPPENING! So bye bye  🌈🐻 and welcome a few weeks of sideways trading and small upside every week. Im actually thinking of buying a regular bull x5 small position of course and just enjoy the ride every week until we see the funds has included tesla in their positions in a few weeks. Then I will think of stepping of. Ooooh, Q4 Earnings report soon and then maybe some good news at Q1 etc etc. 

I belive the price will be less volatile then it has previous been. More green the red for this quarter and probably for the rest of the year.
WSB is peak autism when futures are down 0.6% and the sub acts like it’s the end of the market as we know it
hear me out. we’re about to see a huge increase in government spending. is this.... how is this bullish? ECON 1101 told me this is a recession inducer
My account is about to "pull a boeing"

🛫✈🛩💥⚰
My twtr puts are getting more expensive by the minute. One of the rare conviction plays I get and half the upside gonna get taken.

Oh well, hope the degens buy the dip so I can short higher
Yea
Nice DD
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/YungSc00b the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They are going to move
Nio new car has range 600+ milea
!Remindme 9 hours
GUH
[deleted]
Hoping the vaccine I'm taking this upcoming week doesn't take away my autism
i think i would have stopped using reddit if i didnt discover wsb.. literally every other place is trash (or atleast the ones i have seen)
thanks for the post, was gonna buy some NIO leaps like retard from that CCP shill.  Phew back to TSLA
all that matter is that the Nifty 50 is on its normal pump schedule

USA stocks = dead trade
I hope so. I got btfo and I haven't bought a contract since September. I'm stonks only because the road to recovery is hard
What would be the better yolo.. a bunch of 1DTE calls or the same $$ worth of 1 DTE debit call spreads?
I'd actually consider getting one depending on the range.  I really like the look.
Icln
Wrong sub
[removed]
lol that ending XD "I'm not a prophet, but I can tell you a squeeze is happening tomorrow"
The best calls.
How cute! A website made just to pump TSLA.
[deleted]
It says -.6% but I guarantee whatever I’m holdin will open up down 2% always happens
B: "My father used to say: don't buy China stonks."
Every single day.
That's current GME, yes. But Cohen JUST bought 9mil shares and still hasn't announced his plan. This isn't a bet on what GME is. It's a bet on what GME will become.
If I sleep now, how red will it be when I wake up and check my phone?? So exciting can't wait to find out
Need some help im interested
🚀 🚀 🚀
They really went full retard
All bad news is priced in and all good news is not. From April 2020 until further notice.
Cathie take me to the promised land 🙏🏻
450 shares reporting for duty
yes sir. Apple is way behind. I think Tesla is just flexing it’s muscles to show that they can speed up their timeline too as people try to catch up.
Legit every single Sunday. It must be a religious event for them lmao.
Last week was very augusty-here though.

TSLA hit ath and had battery day, everyone on WSB was making insane gains on everything - then around noon 9/1 everything fell and didn’t stop for like a week.

Compare that to last week... NIO even just had a little day 🤷🏻‍♂️
Yea for real. Am I missing something?
Problem is, IBM Watson doesn't speak WSB.  It doesn't know that a ticker surrounded by rocket ship emojis or memes fellating Elon Musk are positive sentiment.
Green by open
👁🧼 gonna moon 🌝
Can’t speak to that, all I know is that after increasing his stake to over 10% his moves are disclosed within 2 days. Had he kept below 10 he could’ve done whatever the fuck he wanted
Alex Jones as co-host with Cramer 🤔




CMCSA 🚀🚀🚀
What ticker and strike? I am all in on this DD
Smells like wet bear fur in here.

SPY green by open, then face ripping rally up 1.8% by close. You heard it here first.
It was higher late Friday, didn't seem to do anything. In fact, the market shot almost straight up. Although, I might be looking at the wrong thing. Looking at 10 and 30 year bond futures.
[deleted]
Lmfao thats worse than my friends nissan leaf
Unless I misunderstood, my interpretation of the above is only $26m of the 1.2B principal was converted as of Sept 30th
www.futures.com
Have some conviction
I could easily see Ford doubling this year, sustainably and based on actual growth, sales, logic wtc.  If Tesla doubles, or even goes higher at all,  its based on pure fantasy
Are you Michael Burrys's cousin?
NIO price prediction tm? Up 30% on my 1/22 65c should I hold or sell tm?
Futures need to chill out
the flood is coming 🌧🌧🌧

get on the ARK 🚢🚢🚢
been watchin review videos on it all day...lotta people complaining about the image quality. thats a little concerning.
SpY Is FuK’d At 379

Not like we were at 364 or anything within the last week.
Well if you thought 29 was worth it then just hold. And if you believed in ba why did you so long. Also, an event that has a random announcement as the catalyst is not a thing to try and time. What’s your position
But this time I’ll be smart about it, right? 💦💦
BREAKING: General Mills are now manufacturing an EV that self-delivers vaccines in the shape of Lucky Charms. Futures reversed on news. 🚀
This sub and r/anarchychess are all I really look at anymore lmao
selling AMZN for very little profit
[deleted]
In that case, Tesla’s giant green dick will keep booming. Fuck, this entire market is straight up going to be apple and Tesla soon. What a wild world we’re in.
Can only read to the tenths place. Diamond. Hands.
This is the energy I come here for
You’re disgraceful
The Dark Knight Rises you mean.
*bills
Over the weekend I read one long post explaining why shorting Tesla is futile and another just now explaining in great detail why the market isn’t actually in a bubble overall, just a few areas. Proud 🌈 🐻 the time is nigh. Stand down and stand by
Thanks.  Had to factory order it.
I’ve seen worse
What’s gonna happen to financials tomorrow?
[removed]
F
sometimes the memes do win
Is the market finally figuring out that we are in a pandemic and everything is shutdown?
We done for boys
'tis the most beautiful poem i've ever read in my entire, miserable life
wtf. with the amount of bear comments, i thought we were having a market crash. market only down 0.5% lol. that's nothing.
Genesises are for college brats who flaunt their Dillards wear and peacock at the Lego Store.

I'd rather blow a homeless man.
The newbie lurkers are represented by the black girl's reaction in the back.  They're taking in the retarded DDs like water in the desert.
It’s just a joke man
Keep missing out on gains LMAO
Just a suggestion but....

Sell it all. Book the life changing profit before Dems fuck you with taxes.

Put a hundred thousand into deep in the money LEAP calls, sell covered calls against those whenever it pops.
Shit. I'm too retarded to think of that. Solid dd bro, I'm in for more TSLA calls tomorrow morning.
[deleted]
Browns priced in?
I drank too much help me
“Not available.”
TACTICS DON'T K ME FAM LOOOOL
y r u gae
I mean they affecting futures right now... let’s see some short the short action
[deleted]
[removed]
$IRO
ya, at EOD or beginning
Covid cases rising in China.
[deleted]
This is the way brother. I got a 750p I’ll check in with you tomorrow

!remindme 16 hours
[deleted]
Haha
All I heard is PLTR 166 C Jan 15th
Alright it's fine for you to lose more money
I’m holding my FCX 29c tight
Nice L5P man
wait, doesn't the market know the browns won??
Don’t sleep on LGVW. Bill Gates + Cathie Wood
!remindme 9 hours
You guys are gonna get so burned...
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ass blasters, bitch. 

Nice truck
[removed]
Fuk i think i may be fuk fuck
Maybe for a single ticker but for an etf are you sure? Been thinking of ripping these leaps bigly
Welcome to Biden’s America
Man is lost in the sauce
Not a hope, at least 5 trillion in stimulus/green energy in the next 4 years
Wtf is this? Flexing with an ICE car? Are we in 2010?
Fuck i love this website
Stop being geh
It ends up not mattering for the European market. They need 200 range max. I think that’s what this will be.
This sub needs more chainmaille
so fuk
Peaceful? Wasn’t there just a riot at the capitol last week?
Seriously, how many V shape bounces do you have to witness to stop doubting? 50? 100? 1 million?
Starstruck
Prob dump everything into meme stocks
Thoughts about FSD or is that not part of the legalization spike?
Why did you buy that
Belichick needs to tell mango he's not interested, wtf is he getting a medal for anyway.  Pats the next org to sign a deal with PLTR?
I like to think that my single ARKK call means that I'm totally not missing the TSLA tendie train.
I really hope team cauliflower gets some catalysts this week
Not joking. 

Will check my brain.
Too poor
Lol, we’re not even down a percent. This is because of rising cases in China which is affecting their market and therefore our
Futures. Doesn’t change the only factor that matters in this market, stimulus, which more of is coming in a big way. Classic buy the dip like the last two Mondays.
RUH ROH
I believe in BA and I want to hold until announcement. If it goes down tomorrow I’d like to sell and re-buy at lower price.
For my entertainment, pls reply the most you’ve made and lost in a day trading
[deleted]
If I had any money, I would give this an award. Unfortunately, I'm a millennial.
608
It’s an M5. And it’s definitely a lease.
[removed]
$300 or so
That’s what this will be more than likely. Start saving.
This. I can now sleep peacefully tonight. Thank you fellow retard.
I know tomorrow will be red. But Tuesday will be green.
Just buy one for cheaper gieco insurance.
[deleted]
fuckin ‘murka
Waiting for a spac sale tmr.
I don’t.  😉
It's typically 6-9 months minimum before a spac announces a target (sometimes up to 2 years), and this spac just launched. It'll be a while unless they pull something shady and use it to bail out one of their own companies like WeWork.
[deleted]
Call Miss Cleo
?
Can you guys dump NIO to let’s say 50 so that I can buy in. Please and thank you
This may be the single gayest thing I have ever read in my life, and I am a  🌈🐻.

Take this boy-gay garbage to r/TeaLeafReaders and leave the man-gay shit to us WSB autists. Fucking crab harmon.... dude, what is this shit?
I dunno man. Make them liable and it will be much more restricted. P’s and Q’s n all that.
Fuck that. I make more money sitting at home gambling on my phone playing GTA V than working. Bring on c-20!
Mee to
Of all the cars to call a depreciating asset, a BMW M series isn't exactly guaranteed to fit that bill.
There’s no DD for Tesla lol. Who are you trying to fool
[deleted]
Damn SPY is so fucked lmfao
Thanks for the info!
It's great. It would be even greater if you autists can channel your spiels for the pinned thread meant for politics. I just wanna laugh at funni stonks
Ruh roh
[deleted]
Lol, it's the same thing with Tesla
Based.
Probably 2022 for Europe.
I had a chance to buy tesla at 733

But me being 13, I had to ask my mom for my account password, but her being in a meeting at the right time told me to ask later

Well later comes around and tesla's too expensive for me to buy, because you know, 13 year olds are broke

I still can't stop thinking about it
Us to GME Shorts:
TSLA did me dirty. So you're saying I'll remember that Friday forever?
Puts on Twitter. Dropping Trump probably dropped their ad revenue 25% minimum.
i really hope you’re right
So maybe we average down and it moons again. TSLA only goes up
“Dewey, I’m cut in half pretty bad.”
bonds over a percent, and it aint priced in folks
Giant Money Eater
Stripe is a 100 billion dollar business. Why on earth they go public via SPACs? 

I remember there was rumors about Airbnb joining a SPAC too. Don’t believe those things
Nah. They’re gonna sell a shitload of these.
You know the drill ICLN, PBW, TAN, ARKK 👑🚀
on computer but..

rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket
Green at open
Grabbing puts as soon as market opens
i have 1100c 1/15
Investing.com
Your local psychic dumbass
with Elon
Yeah I just think India is a terrible example for almost anything other than over population. Good food though especially if youre a veggie
I think the big American operators could be sitting on mountains of cash as soon as institutions  can invest. 

We make a big deal about constellation etc. because they were the first but there are a ton of big CPG, pharma companies, alcohol companies that could be looking to make deals. And those companies will be investing in established footprints, and brands, and clear US strategies. 

Just my opinion
🚀🚀🚀🚀
RIP 🌈🐻
Lol so a lil dip comes and everyone forgets we’ve got a presidential inauguration, indefinite number of stimmy packages and transformative legislation for years coming? 

Mf i ain’t selling shit just be in the right themes. ICLN🚀🚀dgaf about your qqq and spy
So go long on AltaVista? Yolo set!
Yep. I believe he can't sell until June at the earliest, due to now being a corporate insider. Correct me if I'm wrong, as I am retarded
[removed]
It’s not even a 1% drop idk why y’all freaking out

I don’t have any calls currently so I’m not being biased
Who cares? Retail traders have the power of Glass Joe.
Naw reddit has athlete money now
Best one
So do we sell NIO shares now?
Lol fucking people handing sandwiches to other people while birds fly into the sun and shit.
Why is it unfair? I have a daughter in college that I’m paying for with my money and I don’t have a problem with it. It’s unfair that college has gotten so predatory that kids start their adult lives saddled with debt.
How do you like them?
Those islands they built in the South China Sea were always about war.
Outlook on $ENPH? I'd assume they'd do well under Joe but I have no clue if they can go up more than they already have.
hmmm $65...
How much did you lose?
More than that lol
I really need to know what JWN, SNE, and MGNI are trading at on the BAWSAC
All I said is take it out of your picture. You want matches on tinder, I'm trying to give you advice.
[deleted]
.
Aince when does fair matter?
Uhhhh big yikes fellas. What’s this out Tsla at tomrorow? $800?
[removed]
Don’t think anytime in the near future tho
How about .51%?
More help is on the way
Someone say Scatman? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy8kmNEo1i8
It’s bc I was trying to add text to a photo post. I am newish to Reddit so go easy on a fellow tist
God DAMN, youre right Kamala, APHA is the shit.
And fuck you
Don't forget Lufax, Miniso, and OGC
Can someone tell me where to look at futures?
[removed]
In ARKK I trust
BRING IT ON RED MONDAY I HAVEN'T HAD MY ASSHOLE FUCKED IN A WHILE
Why does everyone say Biden’s plan is to be unveiled this week? Isn’t he supposed to be sworn in on the 21st?
That's my goal at first, just to get in the game and keep the losses minimized while I get my feet wet.  I'm not risking any real money for quite a while.  Just some little yolos I can afford to lose.
The only professional DD we had turned out to be Chinese propaganda so I mean...
$$$$ they raised a shit load of capital this past year.
cos this retard blew all his gains on it instead of increasing them lol
🤫
Man it’s never really fades keeps us on our toes
This is it, the rugpull is here
I don't ask them anything, because their idiots. 

Lol. Making multiple terawatt hours of batteries per year and owning their distribution software is guaranteeing Tesla becomes a multi-trillion dollar company.
is this.. is this it?
RBAC calls?
Cap not found.
[removed]
Futures have me starstruck
Read this from right to left
PLUG & FCEL! 🚀🚀🚀
Take out everything and invest in other stock less overvalued ?
VIX has a raging clue
Lmao then send him a keto book
It’ll hit 1000 before dropping
When have you ever seen the sec go after a random kid?
Cvs expected to ramp up vaccinations to 20-25 million per month in “early 2021.” Hope that’s sooner rather than later so that we can get back to normal more quickly.
Sell the news?
[removed]
RIOT still has room to run the next 6 months. 2017 was nothing. RIOT, MARA, MSTR gang for life
Cringe worthy even for you Tom Hanks
market crash inevitable
This is the worst beating at Heinz field since Bane in The Dark Knight.
That's true, I was originally thinking the main benefit would be a repressed uneducated population that gives you cheap labor that can be exploited and lack of competition. But, that still happens under capitalism where the labor market becomes a race to the bottom while still benefitting from free market innovation and mobility.
Not the answer i want to hear lol
Alright europoors. Here is you chance to shine. Buy this shit up!
Right? How do these idiots dress themselves in the morning? 😂😂😂
1/11/2021: Judgment Day

20,000 19 year olds on WSB lose a collective $297K on calls
Chipmu here
Australia had an innovation conference.

It was actually quite successful.

Lot of circuit breakers milling around with each other.

They talked about future policy.
I think the original thought on this sub was to play the short squeeze for gains. The squeeze is still a real possibility, but without a catalyst, they [MC] could put it off a long time. I see Cohen being the catalyst to a squeeze or just the stock going up to previous values, eg. $30-$50 range. I still believe that Cohen is going to make a move within these next few months, latest around June. So there the short and long play for GME both revolve around Cohen, at least in my eyes
Been 60 hours for me
Isn't it cute to see all the bears come out on Sunday nights and always say "this is the real crash!" Lol. You deserve what you get you poor fucks
Or just don’t use that trash as site TD gives me instant deposits for free
You right, I’ll just go to sleep
I’m worrying about last years tax on gains later. Just making money. But I also have no exemptions and so my return might be less than usually because I made like 35k take home
Ooooh so scary
For the first time in months, I cashed out and my entire account has no positions 😏 ready to buy the dip for once
fair enough. maybe watch some good KB technique videos on FB and then record yourself on your phone to make sure your technique is spot on.

any weight workout that results in pain (apart from normal soreness) is usually due to one of three reasons:  

* bad technique - do the above
* too much weight (usually resulting in bad technique) - reduce weight until your technique is absolutely perfect
* underlying injury - heal up before putting strain on the joint again

some general advice: go fuckin light until you have absolutely mastered the movement. even swings are easy to get wrong. your arms should do literally zero work during swings. they're just there to keep the bell from flying off into space, it's your ass that does all the work during a swing. more complex movements like windmills or turkish get-ups take shoulders through a range of motion while loaded with weight and shouldn't be taken lightly. do that shit holding a tennis ball until you get the movement right or you're gonna fuck yourself up good.

if all else fails, keep the movements simple. swings, rows, shoulder presses, goblet squats, deadlifts. rinse and repeat
interest rates as in the Fed might raise it or bonds going up?
Lol thought nio was different, they’re the same as copy peng
That’s a load of malarkey
At this point it can lose 10% I’m still up
Yeah, I keep telling the retards here BYD is THE EV maker in China.  Not nio or xpeng.  It's the class of the bunch and well diversified in many other things.  Keep kicking myself for selling my BYD when it went from $20 to $40 and now it's at $60.  That's a stock that should be worth $300 billion if we're actually bidding up companies based on what they'll be worth in 5 years or more like Tesla.  Although Tesla now sports its 2040 valuation.
Partnership is dead, once they found out what $NKLA really is. It would be bad PR to break it, so they limited it to non binding component supply agreemment. Doesn't mean it will ever actually happen.
I have the exact opposite positions.
Say it with me everybody. Futures don’t matter!
Love salty Tesla Bears.
$60 calls 1/15 🚀🚀🚀🚀
See y’all at the green open. 

Bears try not to get too excited bc you know how this movie ends 

Bears are and always will be, fucked
Couldn't agree more. It's a solid investment regardless, but Apple could very well accelerate things to the fucking MOON
Fuck bro I just know I'm gonna wake up to some gay ass bear party
and this \^
Anyone know why /u/smallchmpu  does not post anymore

Dude had solid DD
I may be retarded but atleast i’m not Gay
I can tell you’re a newbie just based on how you have worded your post. You just want your karma. You’re probably going to lose so much and fomo and mess up something really bad
This\^
🌈🐻🔪🐂
Even scammers gotta make money. You do you. But why in the world you all get defensive when you get caught and your tactics are obvious is beyond me. Just make a new account, post about more than NIO, don't cross post with other obvious NIO shills that type the same tech support way as you, and start over.
This isn’t even drilling stfu
You still in it?
Trump supporters posting on stocktwits saying they will short the shit out of tech yesterday. I wonder how this will end.
Like, the good hack....or bad hack?
Panic selling tanking the market further
Tick tick tick
my bad🚀🐂
All over your face.
[removed]
My life really took a turn for the worse when I started snorting it
welp VIX getting even more real now
Max profit on this trade is a lot more than 100% my dude. But it’s 5400
just buy more
Red at night, bulls delight. Green by open. Bears r fuk.
Also worst show
It's true, I'm the bot
That's fair. I like my calls at least 4 months out, typically buy after earnings when the IV is at its lowest.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
Exactly. This is why I love following economics news as well. No one is trying to spin shit. Just figure out the possible outcomes and how it will affect markets.
But...like...have you tasted it?
2016 - https://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/21/business/media/kraft-reveals-revamped-mac-and-cheese-50-million-boxes-later.html
Im retarded
invest in the future boys, not the present 😉
My hands are diamonds. I will not sell off of .5%. Ya'll are crazy.
I knew I liked you
That ship's sailed
If you still have the job you're the best in the field.

I do agree it would be shit.

Need more pilots to take control like from that DC flight where he said he'd unload everyone in Kansas.
[deleted]
Fuck futures really not looking good lol
Schwab/Fidelity give you forms your can just upload to TurboTax. No clue on RH. The tards there probably don’t know people have to pay taxes on capital gains.
That's your internal anxiety and depersonalization coming to the surface. If weed/hallucinogens give you bad trips you should reflect on your life because it's not the drugs, it's your own subconscious truth being revealed.
🚀🚀
Yeah...look at the guy's Twitter account - he retweets Yahoo finance and MarketWatch articles about his company's stock price like every day.  This guy is an absolute classic huckster, and his behavior screams fraud.
If you can’t figure out how to post them whatever you want to say is not going to be helpful.
I need Biden to smoke a blunt on stage so my weed calls will print
To be fair lots of autists on this sub have made way higher returns than the big billion dollar funds with teams of qualified analysts. The stock markets a bitch
Deal. Ill message you my cash app details.

Wendys here i come
Hit the road, Jack

And don't you come back

No more, no more, no more, no more

Hit the road, Jack

And don't you come back no more
Lol calls are fucked
Gotta get you a different strain. Try some kush. Gives you a more relaxed high.
Awesome. I had a lot of GTBIF that I bought around $10-11 and sold recently to get into Cresco since it seems to not have had the same type of run up but similar metrics and growth. 

I know it’s a little bit different model but I haven’t been able to poke a hole in why it shouldn’t move in a similar fashion to the other MSOs, so my thought was to play the idea that it should catch up to the others. 

I guess we will see.

My main concern with this sector has been the inconsistency in governance and internal controls, which leads to some companies absolutely blowing up. So, assuming none of us can find reasons why they are doing some funky accounting or in noncompliance with regulations I’m planning to stick with it.
Confuse the algos
What's 100% of $2700?

Someone calculate this for me.
When's SPACman on CNBC?
People are holding leaps, some swung calls. Others have had calls since like 42ish. 
I sold my calls and took profit friday. But I have shares. A LOT of them 😂
I remember when China just wanted to grow their economy and make fucking 💰. Now they just want to rage war. They look like NK
Covid Hospital Wing Toilet Scrubber.
Confirmation bias for TSLA and go...
[removed]
Lmao
Everything is priced in even the aliens
after record highs and two weeks of nonstop growth people are selling?? must be rigged 😡
ICLN calls are a hack
“Market sells off due to fears over a peaceful presidential transition”
They really made an 8 minute commercial for Arnold bread
Futures don’t matter
Spy puts $360 1/11
And you will be the man who killed Elon
Anything less than 100% a year returns is a boomer stock
[deleted]
Nah
I shouldve cashed out MARA when I had the chance
You didn’t want to wait for the new one coming out later this year?
I am thinking this week. There is some pressure now that Elon cuckef Bezo out of first place
6:30 am: trading is currently not supported on Robinhood. *
Markets pricing in uncertainty around the only thing that matters: Interest Rates.
How is NIO opening tomorrow???.
priced out in fact
Do some DD on eBay.
Alright. It's been 4 months since my biggest loss of all time. I think I'm now mentally ready and the PTSD is fading.
Baker loves to hog gaze
Quality time with my mommy
$NKLA doesn't fit anywhere.
You know who the real GME veterans are when they tell war stories of 20% losses in a single day. In since June and holding the line.
[deleted]
Lmaoo chill
I've never heard good things about centurylink in the past.
Slow speeds, buying tons of smaller companies but always cheaping out on delivering new services or technology.  They were saddled with lots of small incumbent areas to serve.
Even the name has changed several times with mergers with level 3 and now lumen.
It looks like with the recent merger they have saved almost a billion per year in costs and ebitda is positive and paying down debt which has been refinanced at very low rates thanks to the going rates.

The stock has halved in value in the past 12 months.

If you already have some stock is hold on for a very long time they will eventually expand fiber or get bought out by a larger company like verizon.

It does say they added 68000 new fiber users last year.
Do not compare Burry with this shit for God sake
[deleted]
nah... bet expired
Lol you aren’t already all in? Sad
Fuck i’m retarded I meant $
Why tf did I think guy on the left was Penn and right was Teller
Big Poppa Pump belongs here.... FLEXIN MA PEAKS N PRESSIN MA FREAKS!!!!
Buy parts kits. Lowers are easy to put together and you can slap an upper on it.
TSLA
Good lad.

We're in this together.
Would you lick his sack man?
Green by morning? 😅
With the way Sunday nights have been lately I’d be more concerned if futes were green
Grehhhh
What's a GME?
Ew come on
Big brain play
Worst job at this moment: Flight attendant
So is weebly.
Considering the sentiment here, its bound to PRINT!
Mods ban him again to give him a new date.
I did take some profit last week. Looking to get back in, copper is used for batteries and solar panels
Waaaaahhhhh
it hit new ATH how could there be bagholders??
Lets go private
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 because aliens came to us in rocket spaceships.
https://finviz.com/futures.ashx
wallstreet butts
Lame.
You spelled sydney wrong. I think it’s spelled 1/15 TSLA 1260c
[deleted]
Maybe all those times Biden used "Jack", he was trying to telegraph Jack Ma's disappearance
44 shares here, doing my part o7
What dip
 Checking in
Why did you buy it
[removed]
You’ve got all those so wrong lol
Big Fuck
True he has posted videos going off on govts for closing businesses that are just trying to comply with the restrictions. I completely agree with him tho. Let people make their own choices
Amazon is due for a 300pt move over a few days...the trick is picking the right week.
Sounds boring
Biden should just ask Elon what to do
Oh thank goodness. Thats a unicorn, I thought it was a g@y horse.
😎🚀
“Clean his side-by-side”? I don’t know what that means but I’m in
Stimulus talks going well. This is going to be a pep talk. I wouldn’t expect anything of substance. Wont know till 1/20. Then he’s got his first 100 days. That being said, every cent I have is gambling on green new deal
I heard that fundamentals haven't mattered since 2009
Hyundai starting to sell off in Korea
it’s not down anywhere near this retard
Dollar making me nervous. Getting Puts if we break 91
This shit is so rigged. 

Aglos decide we have a red day

What will the headlines say
I have a hard time believing companies like CRON and CGC will have a hard time finding ways into the next generation of the marijuana industry. CRON is sitting on a behemoth mountain of cash, and CGC has some really big names under it's wings and also enjoys backing from Constellation.
whoa whoa whoa go easy there
[removed]
This week going to be wild, strap in and strap on, bulls r fked
I fear for my 1/22 24 calls 🥺
So fucking dumb.  It's a new year, make up some new fucking memes.
Imagine if Elon has a stroke or heart attack tomorrow. He is getting a bit fat. That is what will tank TSLA. He’ll have something happen to him and TSLA will be free fallin
I’m a simple man; I see a WCW Steiner Bros meme and I upvote
Take bubble baths? Calls on your virginity.
How come
TA is purely speculative. That's all it is. It's like voodoo magic.

&#x200B;

Edit: Market def will shit the bed soon tho. Anyone can see it when S&P PE is 2x, and TSLA valuation is 1500x
Top is in.
Blue Wave stonks are safe haven stonks right?
3k of write offs each year
Lucky man. She's 100% a dommy mommy
all hail ICLN
It like WAP (:
Is BRK.B a shit boomer stock?
As someone that fades the public, I had a glorious weekend
*Term*. term of the month
low volume
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
okay thats not real. you funny guy.
[deleted]
Agree. When hiring,  i just check the degree  is applicable  to the position. If not, do they have applicable work experience? I honestly couldn't  tell you where most of my employees  went to school.
NIO BAGHOLDERS.... rise up.
How long u been around, sport?
Honestly I think WSB is safe. It’s really not political and it seems to be the political subs that are getting the axe. I’d be more concerned if I were on r/Conservative
"For Frodo"
Why you gotta insult us like that bro. I thought we were friends.
Sell since meme stocks tend to go tits up
Hearsay. Random internet dude or respected car analyst? I know who to believe.
Browns won, green on Monday
Why? Not even below Friday's low yet.
Stop looking at futures and go to sleep.
It was CNBC youtube. Someone linked it in the original post
Twitter is a goddamn liability. There's absolutely no upside. Puts
Will give big suck for tsla 900 by Tues.
Sec employees:

*Politicians make 900% returns in a day* “very cool and very legal”

*random 19 year old kid makes 700% returns in a week* “Sir we’re gonna have to ask you to come with us”
Ban
Is civil war priced in?
90% cash. What stocks do you buy on the dip tomorrow?
You’re not, not fucked
I said single asset you gay retard, give me a stock with a 10 trillion market cap
Yeah this is what I'm more concerned about right meow
Lower 80s
Its ok man. Walk him tomorrow he don't mind you.
Extract the soul of gynese workaman
It’s sad we’re in a place where these rich people have to donate and/or use their platform to keep small businesses afloat but I agree, hopefully he does
NIO
wonder if green stonks/EV are gonna have a greater or lesser pullback than the overall market tomorrow.

Should’ve sold last week. I was hoping for a dump EOD friday so we don’t start this week with this shit. But here we are.
Lol we can dream
Ummm, I think "insurrection" may give that one a run for it's money.
I heard that futures haven't mattered since 2019
Maybe I should have put the disclaimer: I am not a financial expert and this is not considered financial advice. Invest at your own risk.
Stop giving out awards and buy GME shares

GME gang unite
Now kith
Of course, I wonder what the range will be for the 25k model.
not possible
That’s what they said at first but then they walked back on that idea
When ppl say buy the dip are they talking about futures i thought noone gave a fuck about them
All the time
[deleted]
🤯
SKLZ 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hung Wang?
🤩
you know you have to win to pay taxes right
[deleted]
Don't hate me too quickly for not having any open TSLA calls. I'm poor and balls deep in PLUG, ICLN, NIO and PSTH calls. If one of those pays off I can keep gambling like a degenerate the following week.

Praise be to the moon, shall we all visit soon.
That's not a word
[deleted]
Essentially when the pandemic hit, they cut the production of steel by a lot. Now that things are picking back up everyone is placing orders for steel but the companies don’t have the inventory. Hense storages and steel prices rising.
Lol FOMO into the MAGA revolution
CATHIE TAKE THE whREEEEEEEEEElll
Bulls fuk. Damn
FDX calls Boomski
Why
a dip would be nice tomorrow
Apples.
SNEK 🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
Look into getting a .45. More expensive ammo draws some away from it.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ajaxhacker the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No this time it’s real. Seriously this is the time, not the other ones but this one. It’s over
Red car with yellow racing stripes and stars. Hire me pleas Elon.
u/throwaway12312021 Maximum Canadian
MARA/RIOT weekly puts looking like a snack ngl 🥵 Big dippity dip everytime rule 4 wilding
Puts on this guy
Hoping steel doesn’t run up until 10 so I can load some more calls. Anyone think elms is bullshit? CEO speaking at ICR.
Fake red opening. Day ends +1.3%.
So is WIX
I have been here more then 4 years and would love a flair eventually.. but I want to earn that shit somehow
Futures are down because traders are preparing to dump there entire networths into TSLA in the morning
Or OTMs just worth more
[deleted]
I'll bet anyone $5 that ICLN opens green tomorrow
Gay bear hedge with tsla calls? This is genius.
I see the similarities but moreso blame the app users. No one is forcing someone to fund their robinhood account without even as little as reading an investopedia article.
[removed]
Bill Ackman is one sexy dude 

No homo
Remember, stocks only go up 💰
Dear award man here

Just give me money instead

Market is crashing
B5 was the shit i swear it broke my mind when they had that b4 time crucible episode. :P
I thought it was going to go up monday. why is it going down?
Vegas made a billion this weekend. Chalk got destroyed
Stripe not processing payments to 🥭 campaign foundation.

Bullish?
Alex trebek is dead bro
:)
[deleted]
Steelers were a decoy team all season long, we all knew that. Even the Jaguars would’ve gone 12-0 with the Steelers schedule.
LESFUCKIN GO!
Does he blast scatman on the radio when driving? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy8kmNEo1i8
I am the mummy
Thinking of buying otm tesla calls and hedge with spy puts literally cant go tits up
Who else took Browns ML or the Over tonight?
You guys sound tarded as hell tonight. This is not how bubbles pop and I had a lot of them in my bath tub tonight 🛀
Makes perfect sense to me.
This and hes shining a light on a problem that has become extremely political.
I like them a lot and they have good opportunities in emerging markets. 1 of the 10 licenses in New York, big presence in Illinois, big in Pennsylvania + the rest. Huge QoQ growth. 

I think the wholesale strategy is reasonable and seems promising in Cali. 

I have some of the warrants
Say whatttt
I just need Nio and Amazon to moon this week
I've seen this movie before (Futes red on a Sunday night). Don't read further if you don't want to be spoiled.

Spoilers: it's gonna be green by open. Sorry bears.
Nice work. A win is a win, and to the victor goes the spoils. Waste the money on whatever shit you want. Blow all your money, come back, and do the same shit tomorrow.
I used to stress about futes, especially on Sunday night. Now I realized that they really don’t fucking matter. 🚀🚀🚀
Dont hate me papa Elon but I want the forbidden apple
r/cuckold
Not a good look at all
I'm FUCKED
It’s a poor country man, they don’t have as much luxury as here. You can’t really blame them for trying to survive.
The term of the month is: *Gaslighting*
ICLN.
I need the old school Bruen back. Once they massacred my boy the game hasn’t been the same for me.
Why
A legend. Just wanted to give thanks for my first award.
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
+10.1%
I poopy :)
Fret not my brethren. We double down at dawn
JPow overusing that boipussy, amirite?
Can’t think of one thing I would give a shit about someone saying or doing on Facebook.
Suspect this will be fine. But if the unthinkable happened I'd vote for Telegram
CRM is due for a nice bounce soon! So is FDX
thank you for update
Pleas fly again
My dog is snuggled up so close to me in bed 🥰
you planning on making it open source any time soon? lol you can literally pump any stock and claim it was the scraping program.
Also stopped smoking for this reason. Used to really enjoy it too.. Has saved me a lot of money though so fuck it.
Interesting. Dude needs to chill out.
[deleted]
Same
65 to 70
Have had mine for a little over a year now, no issues thus far 🤧
So how the hell did you accumulate 2.5M as a blue collar worker?
Rh gold gives you 5k instant deposits. First month is free
🚨🚨🚨🚨
I doubt it'll get past 90.70.
Northrop has always seemed sketchier to me. Plus they made the Tomcat. That thing was dope. Then again, I don't know shit.
I go where the $ goes, so I can afford to keep losing it
the new "mustang" looks well bad so Puts.
lmaooooo
There are multiple companies working on solid states but QS is the only one that has presented hard data. Nonetheless, QS doesn’t have a battery yet but a single cell so their problem is centered on figuring out how to stack those cells. Previous solid state solutions/proposals always had a problem regarding performance at normal temps (I.e.,  a lot of data was meaningless bc it performed in a non realistic scenario)
Looks about right.
Yikes
Ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub
Yo da dub dub
Ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub
Yo da dub dub
gay bear reporting for futures
I didn’t do well enough sports betting to afford a red day. Pls be green.
We've finally come full circle
We don’t make a profit to pay taxes on we just pretend we do
Actually been on a binge of his YouTube videos the man would fit right in here
Owe? Sir we carry over losses here.
Fundamentally it was financial institutions allowing risky investments based on those mortgages. They created the giant ponzi scheme.

Now if financial institutions are creating risky investments because they have these new investors we have essentially the same scenario. People getting mortgages, or Robinhood users, are only the fuel for the brokerages to make their deals with other brokerages, and it was those deals (or at least the need to make them) that led to the easy mortgages and fake appraisals.

If you can't see the similarities then you need to look closer. They've taught you to blame the people who are essentially like you, the ones trying to use the current market conditions to get ahead. The real villains are the brokerages that facilitate the transactions to keep their sheets green
CRM up 20% in Cramerville
Could be worse then lol
Is everyone bearish tomorrow??
Trying to buy an AR or 9mm. Nothing is in stock. Absolutely nothing. Fuck
[deleted]
I have no idea.
Uncut
I want a solid crash now that I’m cash gang to repeat everything all over again.
[removed]
This is gonna be tough to turn green by morning. 0 buying pressure rn
He’s 100000% a douche, but what he’s doing right now is amazing. Hopefully Elon donates $1B
This’ll be same as every day, red at open , then the funds will realize there’s no where else to put money so we’ll close green. Especially meme stocks
Famous last words.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It’s only a loss if you sell. I still think TSLA will weather the storm until earnings at least. How far do you guys actually see it dropping?
It's better to have lived as a Chad 🐂 for a day rather than living as a 🌈🐻 for a year
nerf = 2 headshots instead of 1
>https://appleinsider.com/articles/19/02/21/apple-project-titan-vehicle-could-turn-out-to-be-an-electric-van

wow what a piece. I mean I know they aren't going ti have an EV. they are hella behind. but this? wow.
As long as Tesla is 1000 by Friday I'll be ok
well if you don't like it don't take it. but from my experience having anxiety from weed means you just simply have anxiety and weed will amplify it
He’s talking about trades that took place a year ago...
Cheetoman about to make me lose money one last time
Lol baker mayfield quote from his post game interview when asked about his emotions after getting the browns first playoff win in ages,  “I’m just ready to get to the locker room to see those guys” 

Baker is 🌈
50 miles of range on 25k model
Just a dude
oh hell yeah
Ouf sounds ruff
I don’t want to sound dumb but what’s a Taiwan?
Whoever keeps giving awards, god bless you mans
Yeah exactly, pretty sure they’re COTS products that they sell to whoever they want to. No company with proprietary tech like that would pigeonhole themselves to one client, public or private
Who is just handing out awards to every comment? Stop ya nerd.
I could not care less about your net worth real or fake if you paid me kid. If that’s all you have at this juncture go ahead and attempt to feel less pathetic, makes no difference to me.
monthly my guy
I mean, how much profit we talking? If I'm up 500% on a call I'm taking my profit hahaha
Plz report me
OK I'll bite. What hedge did you get?
www.tendies.gov
Green by Thursday.
GREEN SHREK DICK BY OPEN GO BRRRRRRRR
They are currently valued at about $15k per subscriber.  Let that sink in
No thanks I'm good boss! I'm Iranian so no my name's not "Kevin".
Bottom about to fall out
Non-WSB user here. Also don't use Robinhood or do any day trading. Vanguard shill. Just wondering though, how do you guys keep up tabs on how much you owe on capital gains taxes? Genuinely curious.
We are too autist to understand just say put or call tomorrow
No is the dd similar to my thought?
What would you do if you bought a substantial amount of PSTH commons at $29 on Friday? Keep or Sell?
TN
when they do that?
I know, i fucked him
meanwhile a political statement like this is not getting banned? This person sounds r3tarded.
We didn't have a strong economy all of 2020 yet you would have been stupid not to invest
And hopefully you will live for ever and ever and ever and ever and fuck I'm bored
[deleted]
👏 my life is in your hands Alex... please man give me an announcement that kills it. 1/15 24.50c I got them for 1.10... my whole account on the line. I know.. I’m a retard
Which
Is there a sub on 4chan this dumb. I used to be hella active on /b/ before all the mangotards got super vocal. It used to be hella apolitical like this sub.
lol. What a let down
Right. Just looked at the used market. Deprecation is getting to em. Thought the competitions might hold like GT Porsche’s but they don’t.
I will see you at our 69!!!!!
We found our leader
That’s why you need to start buying options again.
ASX200 looking flaccid af
Futures are literally worthless to me after I saw -4% turn into +1% by open once
Puts on Calls
Great game plan. I’m expecting some acquisition announcements right after the SPAC merger.
Turned mine off and pulled my initial investment out. Now it's just numbers since I don't have any balls in the game.

See you in the millionaire club
Not sure about a fleshlight, but there’s a Bluetooth vibrator you can buy for your girl that’s controlled via a smartphone app that you can use anywhere. You both login and you can get her off from another country. Shits wild.
You missed out on Tesla too?
Are you me?
You're taking the piss with me man LMAO
You must be one of those people with a hundred tabs open
You right- Jack Ma needs to relearn that communist manifesto
[deleted]
Once the technology is proven to work.  Someone build one then interactively S my D.  Then we go SPAC.
Dog got into the wastebasket today and tore up a bunch of paper into a general mess. I elevated my voice and said, “why don’t you learn!” to my small buddy. I quickly realized I was speaking to myself and not the puppy. It was like the 100th time I’ve left the door open.
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
🐻 might be 🏳️‍🌈 but they still wipe out half the sub on any given red day. They get replaced by an influx of new retail tards who hop on for the next ride only to face the same destiny as the previous group. It is the circle of WSB.
Civil war in your vision
In Elon’s opinion, his greatest competition is Chinese companies.
I'm begging you, not the rent money.
Was buying clean energy back when sunrun bought out viviant. This is the beginning of a new age you oil pumping daddy’s boys, don’t you dare.
This is probably bad short term but ok long term. The stock might tank now, people will panic sell but I mean look at all the breaches and scandals FB had and they’re still around 🤷‍♂️
Absolutely no stake in NIO, don't care about it at all. Just noticed people claiming your sus so decided to check it out. You definitely are. Clean up your post history if you don't want to sound like a second rate tech support trying to convince us your name is Kevin. Mods will remove you when they are availabe as they did to the last NO shill post I saw.
[deleted]
MT is in Cleveland
Not sure why you are getting downvoted, I think you’re right
I do
https://twitter.com/MDFarkas/status/1348434225494716420

Uhh...so the CEO of BLNK just ripped a few lines and is losing his shit on Twitter right now threatening to sue people for bringing up his past legal issues.  Good luck longs!
Why do you think these shares will instantly be dumped on the open market when they become available?
me and you both! hilarious
The real competition is with NIO then.
lol fuck why is this a good idea. simps will eat it up
[deleted]
That’s why you only buy cars that are at least 6 years old i say patting my 2012 6-series on the hood
Noooo scaryyyy
Guh
DMR calls Bc holy fuk this shit is OP
Flair checks out
And so the euphoria starts to fade eh
He might have lost money on football.
u/wesmt is God.
It'll at least bounce a little there but even if it breaks, that's not even the low of Friday
Imagine losing to the browns
The barstool fund has raised more for failing small businesses than the fucking politicians could manage to do. It’s incredible really
Youre part of the problem
I cant figure out how to create my own post. Where the hell do I add my text. All I see is title and caption and link but no place for text body. Can someone help me out? Trying to post something helpful
Wow Im so retarded, I was reading the discussion from January 6th
The short-term options will expire far before these potential issues could be raised up in an earnings report. Just trying to capitalize on hopium
Back to numbers not seen since last Monday.
I'm pretty new to WSB. I've submitted memes here, but not DD because I'm retarded and don't want to other retards astray. I think that kind of behavior, a new person to the sub, young account, posting pictures of communist flags to a rando sub, and then a NIO DD all taken together is pretty suspicious. Context is key.
not anymore 🥺👉👈
PSTH
That makes too much sense for these idiots
I don’t think so. Election hedges expiring this week especially Friday and people are going to take profits and peace out.
Pooping in the WH herb garden before he leaves isn’t gonna tank the markets. 

Calls on pink eye tho...
As a hardline communist here in the states I just wanna say... *censored*
QUIT FUCKING HATING BAKER

IF YOU DO, FUCK YOUR PUTS. PUSSY BITCH
What move
GME AT CLOSE
LMAO
Browns will win the super bowl
Am I the only one who has Reddit just to go on WSB?
CCP if you are reading this, be nice
Panic sell!!!
[removed]
Is it even possible for them to go up more?
it be like that for some, it’s not for you
runs in the family, apparently
[removed]
Let the TENDIES CONSUME YOU!!!
Why is that sad? You don’t think it will go up tomorrow?
I’m just mad I haven’t bought his stuff harder than I have. Boomer portfolio management is in my head. I think Chamath is worth chasing until he proves otherwise. Make sure you get in on his next set of SPACs whenever the units IPO. I’m in on any of them if I can get them near 11 or below.
Green by noon tmrw buy while u can
Seriously love this stupid ass subreddit. Let’s rip into next week boys 🚀🚀🚀 yoloing Tesla at open
All I can think of is the horror stories that would come out of letting a stranger on the internet operate on your manhood
So clearly a browns win was not priced in :L
[deleted]
Shhhhh. Its okay
Hey man can i ask how old you are? You are a fucking legend with these plays
As someone who lost it all on AOL, WCOM in the past, diversify.

GME ITM, OTM, Shares
You understand it perfectly IMO.  That’s why I think it is interesting.

I’ll be turning my calls into spreads after it corrects up.
Orange juice has too much sugar and corrodes your teef
Nothing wrong with a little camping and concentrating
predictions on how many red days in a row or how many green days in a row or how many kangaroo days in a row?
Boy o boy I hope you’re right. I got spxu $8C 1/15/21 kicking my ass. I need a miracle
Come on man
[removed]
Steel gang: Steelers game outcome is unrelated to steel prices.



I think.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Selling is the wrong thing to do 9 times out of 10, so ill play the odds thanks.
INJECT THE MARIJUANAS
ooh you know how bad milk is for you man geez
1/15 35c....going to hurt.

RIOT 2/19 35C...not so much
Thought i was a pussy to not hold over the weekend. Gosh I’m in love with this
Their supply chain is backed up.  Their best machines are out 8 weeks.
What does 44 days have to do with anything?? Delta is the amount the contract goes up for every 1$ the underlying moves. Icln goes up 1$? The contract goes up 44$ and loses 1$ from theta. We don't know gamma here so not including it
You should stop, serious if it gives you anxiety it's not a good sign
Did you see the DD done today? Looks sus
It runs in the family.
I’m still waiting on my stimmy.
[you](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/020/001/krabs.jpg)
I thought the result was the shitty car tbh.. like he lost it all lol
Bad idea lmao
I guess it’s obvious how you didn’t know. You don’t have Google.
Robinhood gamblers literally playing with the stock market
88m followed his one account alone
at this rate we open limit down lmao
How many of you regularly use margin?
Man dark mode way better
Lockdown’s aren’t happening dude.  Maybe in NYC and LA but not Texas that’s for sure.
They do. And there was a whole investigation after for a few senate membera
so he did the noble deed since you are here
Then how do you explain your existence sir?
I like Chinese companies because I like Chinese people I like Chinese people because they're really racist
That’s just where we are right now I guess. Ppl really can’t recognize that he’s doing something incredible just because of what they think his political opinions are
Big grilles. Red interiors.
I make over that but my gf sure doesnt lol
It’s never who you think it is on the other side of the flory hole.
Yeah and they shit in the street and bathe next to dead bodies and shit.
Stop
What about orange juice?
When ipo?
If DXY hits 90.75 tonight tomorrow will be a dangerous day -2%  guaranteed
I have 2/19 55c and up 60% already. Not sure what to add, maybe go March 70c
it keeps drilling man wtf
If ES breaks 3787, look out below
Best scene that was hilarious
Whoever is giving these awards- please stop giving money to this site.

It lines the POCKETS* of Winnie the Pooh with honey, and hurts Jack Ma


*concentration camps
It’s on the Ba Sing Sei exchange

Up 2.04%
Take it from who?
I hate to break it to you, but your dad is too. 😉
Gotta love him. Why do you say that?
Buy the dip!!
It’s kind of like falling asleep while driving. If you wake up to a loud thud and blood on the windshield it’s best to just keep your foot on the gas and not look in the mirror.
Take CBD or CBA with some thc concentrate
nice man, that’s really cool
Yes absolutely
Yes everyone knows it sucks thats why the stock is shorted to the core of the earth. The trade is that it is going to get much much better under new visionary leadership.
[deleted]
I lost money????
Selling everything at open fuck this
Me too my man so I stopped smoking and it's all good now
Wtf
🦾🦾😆
I’ll play in your DM’s
**GUH**
Ah yes futures down half a percent and the “bubble popped” comments start appearing
The RBAC looks very interesting, Red Sox/Liverpool ownership? So it's been between 10 and 10.80 since becoming available in October? 

The 3/19 10c/12.5c debit spread looks to be about 0.55 per contract. You would already over break even @ 10.55 with stock price at 10.80 with 2 months to try and hit that 12.50 or above target by 3/19. That looks pretty juicy with not much downside to the NAV and your breakeven. Am I understanding that wrong?

So 100 X 10C/12.5C = $5500 would potentially be worth around $25000 at exp if they hold or surpass $12.5 right?
Arse kissing the mods won't get you a flair, retard.
Why isnt GME a position
Wrap with pink butcher paper to preserve bark + generate less steam. If you don’t have butcher paper, a foil “boat” with removable wrap on top works wonders to get over the stall. Also allows you to remove the top in the last 10-15 degrees of cooling to really tack up the bark. Best of luck!
🌈🐻 here.  You can thank Mr. Beast for 99.99% of GME sales this quarter.  No one else buys shit from them. Microsoft handouts aren't going to be enough. Good Luck!
[removed]
Go back to sleep
Nice. I like fintech and what not, and starting to get up to speed on chamath.
I for one support the CCP and disagree with the mods! Enemies of the people! China number 1! great nation!   





10$ has been deposited in your account please remove this message before posting on reddit - Thank you,  Xi Jinping
Lol even their pump and dumps are poor quality rip-offs.
I dont drink. I dont do drugs. I only drink water and milk
Begging RH to enable my instant deposits 😅
It doesn't matter whether it exists, it's all fugazi.
⚔️ 🙌🏻
So market opens -1% and closes +5% ?
What’s up my 👨🏿!
Should have gotten the e63
We already in lockdown, people don’t listen tho
CBD is king
Dump most likely being caused by Taiwan move.

China not going to be happy.
lol take weed?
Actually maybe

I’d sell that shit if you’re up tho
No wonder they ded... 🌈 🐻
Hang Seng (a REAL market) is rallying almost a whole percent and yall worried about some jank ass futures? Okay lmao
sir, this is a casino
[removed]
Just found out my grandpa is gay
The volume is piss poor and it's heavily manipulated
I’m from the further future, this guy is lying. There are no more dips starting tomorrow
You need to learn some keeping your fucking mouth shut
Exactly what a Chinese infiltrator would say. Good try
Think it's hit a trendline support if you zoom out to the hourly
I wouldn’t expect anything less from someone on WSB
Korean retails been buying bigly into US markets too. Figured it's about time it had a correction when that's happening lol
ferrous father, though I hath no experience wit thy request

I've bust thy ass 4 2 hours and will post thy product on market open!
His play is literally for 2022... The fuck? Too late?
Fuk off with that lockdown shit
Lol you really tryna make people go broke
Gator gator
I doubled up, than quadrupled down. True story.
so my TSLA 1/22 700p printing tomorrow.
When i take weed i always have anxiety and experience depersonalization
Strike?
You're the sus one lmao, how am I pumping when I simply post a research report FROM THE BANK OF AMERICA. WITHOUT ANY PERSONAL COMMENT. ??????? You're the one who's paid or has a significant put position and are about to get assfucked. Feel bad for you, think the way you want.
i'm sad
People started to like bonds a bit more on Friday.
Bro Reddit is already compromised by the CPC. And the ACP.
It’ll do nothing. The fuking Capitol getting raided was just another dip buying opportunity. I saw plenty of Trump supporters who thought Biden winning or the Dems winning Georgia would crash the market. And look at where we are. Market would’ve gone up had Trump won as well. Politics mean little to the market except when it comes to direct fiscal/economic policy.
Yep. You might see a bit of a dip but this thing’s gonna be a runner. I think it will absolutely get on Mad Money, get bought up by one of the ARK funds, and just overall it will make SPACs look good before they crash or get regulated harder.
A demo launch is Thursday i believe
Damn jack
Thanks man
MJ and ICLN, the dem stocks
Meanwhile SF Chronicle calling him racist trying to derail it, smh
Um no... its objective. just because you call something subjective doesnt make it so.
oh man, bubble is poppin good thing got some hedge EOD last friday
what are some side plays?

&#x200B;

cobalt?   


ceramic? can I buy ceramic?
👍
They should make a fleshlight type device that plugs into your computer and cam girls can manipulate it with their own plug in device.  Think about it. Interactive and a huge market.  Data shows simps will outnumber senior citizens by 2025.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sticky product, no competition, now they're actually marketing where they really didn't in the past.  This is my thesis, and I'm sticking to it.
Browns won. Stimulus confirmed
[removed]
Well obviously not stationary bikes wouldn’t be very comfortable to sleep on retard

Don’t sleep on nails either
This is the way. may thy tendie gods print abundant tendies your way.
Red at night, bulls delight
TL:DR 🌈🐻s can't reproduce
Trying to still like Juju but he makes it hard, extremely hard.
what a spectacular piece of shit:

https://appleinsider.com/articles/19/02/21/apple-project-titan-vehicle-could-turn-out-to-be-an-electric-van
Prefect
Seems like about 1/3 of wsb has moved or plans on moving soon
so you can get banned for tell others to stop hating? The mod must have woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Where what website you cuck
[deleted]
Lmao, ya and crying
Yes
I have come from the future and am here to tell you: Buy the fucking dip.
Amazon Split, you piece of shit, suck on a tit, that’s my bit.
[deleted]
CNBC will attribute this correction to Trump getting impeached so they can sell the story to retarded paper hands.

Thats when institutions will start buying when they convince clowns to start selling
You fucking with options and don't know Greeks relevance? This will work out fine.
Tesla’s factory is primarily automated.
Did you save some for the lube?
Probably should wait till they’re done investing billions into new factories that won’t be producing for like 4 years right?  

Just FYI GM will always suck.  Ford might succeed (if they exit certain shit markets) but GM will break up in a decade IMO.  Too much bloat to float.
It ain't the same since they reformulated it. They ruined an icon.
Keep fighting the good fight
Learn some diversification jesus: 50% PSTH, 40% GME, 10% PLTR here. Working my way up to 50/50/50 just ran out of money on first two.
I threw up in my mouth homey. F
Drill team 6 arrested. They stormed the capitol with Avenue Q
No
it's just a gully that's all just nerves
Maybe but it will crash if they crash.
Hey guys, just woke up. How are my spy 400s calls looking like
But what if Gamora attacks Tokyo on Tuesday?
Position: Calls on a banned ticker
[removed]
[deleted]
Why would you ? We have jpow
I got some student loans but gotta say any forgiveness would be unfair.  Just waive the interest until 2024.
Anyone playing DM?
The legends say you give free gold is this true u/deepfuckingvalue
Lol they do.
You joke around but a guy, 28 rushed my fraternity and his girl of 7 years gave him and ultimatum and he chose the fraternity lmfaoooo
Carried the market since March crash. Money is rotating into to recovery, EV, clean energy, other crashed sectors.
I'm fuk
Go back to r/bogleheads
[deleted]
Launch is this week?
You and I u/Rootbeerpanic are about to be the greatest mods ever!
She proposed and she wasn't fat when she proposed.
Feb 13 capital raise - fell due to Covid, look at SPY

Sep 1 captial raise - fell due to macro, look at SPY

Dec 8 capital raise - didn't fall

You're making something out of nothing
Fat and gay?
I want to believe NIO but I have been burned by so many Chinese tech companies making things up that I just can't do it anymore.
What’s the bad news?
[deleted]
Tomorrow is an obvious BTFD day.
Sold naked puts lol guess I’m wheeling
A duel that he possibly may have been paid to kill the guy in, that started because he was banging a married woman in the same house as the dude’s sister.
Not sure sell the news applies here. This wasn't an earnings report or anything
Aka buy the dip
Buy
Anyone know why NIO is not on the HK exchange
Dip faker than the orgasm your girl fakes when you fuck her with your 2 inch drilldo
Amazing but fuck the CCP
MI rn, NC next summer
Nothing is obvious. Ask people who invested in Yahoo in 99.
Vale and MT are my most patient trades ever
Point made.
Holding RIOT and NIO feeling very schizophrenic
Y'all think SPCE will moon in the anticipation of their demo launch this week?
I would recommend 2/19 because monthlies tend to be priced better than weeklies. If you sell a covered call at 27 you can move you cost/share down 25.

On the other hand you limit your upside.  I like the wheel strategy because you always have cash moving towards you. You just have to be careful about the stocks you pick.
Get leveraged to the tits with margin. 2.5% ain't shit
Says that because share prices were 130% of the conversion price, the senior notes could be converted in the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th quarter of 2020.  Is there somewhere we can look to see if and how many of those outstanding senior notes were already converted?  I didn't see it in the latest 10Q.
You're right, there are tons of men terrible with their money. Im not dating men though, so I dont care as much. If I make lots of money and I'm good with it, then I dont need my female to bring home lots of money. So just assume you need to be the breadwinner and you won't have any problems.
(SRPT LOWKEY A 10 BAGGER 🚀🚀🚀)
Sure man, you paid by the word here? Quit pumping your garbage to all the autists...

P.s. people from NA know a tech support accent, even through a keyboard
Roethlisberger at the end of the game look like how the bears gonna look at market close
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
ICLN?
🇺🇸❤️
No
I like that this can be seen in 2 ways. The first, an intelligent and lucky investor who keeps picking winners and dutifully removes taxable profits. The second, a pure retard who keeps throwing money at losers, desperately hoping for a 100-bagger. I think we know which one it *actually* is.
What makes you think it won’t keep going?
I'll take a CCP assisted moonshot then I'm out
Now that the news is out, are you still expecting it to run higher?
[removed]
I think he’s just getting spanked in pelosi’s basement for being a naughty boy right now.
Seriously? What do you want to get married for? You get none now it gets 10x worse with a ring. Go on a walkabout before it's too late.
>r/theydidthemonstermath

Amazing DD i come for . thank you kind sir. I needed this analysis as it is crucial to my well being and happiness.
AMZN makes me a flat earther
If we dump, I buy. If we moon, I hold.
It's just revert to last Monday. Tho I would want my CC back.
NIO and green energy ETFs will carry my fatass to the promise land.
Literally went in to my local GameStop and they were closing everything... 60% off all product and they were cleaned out. Said they were closing a ton of SoCal stores.

TL;DR GME 1/15 100C
The government is literally going to hand out $1400 checks in a few weeks. Do you really think the markets are going to crash anytime soon?
[deleted]
People can afford a lot with 50k, if she's living with you, her base expenses are likely way higher than they would be if she was living alone.

I'd be careful about jumping on your high horse about them being a free loader.
🥺
[deleted]
Florida is great man, just be careful w hurricanes on the coast
That’s good enough to not care if TSLA moons tomorrow. You did good man, grats!
Someone's a mad boomer. How about we compare net worth and settle this dick measuring contest that way old man
Going broke or getting rich. Tis the WSB way. 💎🙌
Dave portnoy is a true fucking gem. I know half you cucks hate him because he’s been on Fox News but fuck man that guy is really making a difference
[deleted]
Sleepy Joe let’s the printer go
Yeah i feel that... well at least VR boobs will be on the way soon :D
I’m all in on Tesla and Apple calls for this week- furthest out is a month

Imma either be rich this week, or die tryin like my boi Fifty 

✌️
Interesting. We will see.
that's some big cash energy
If it breaks here it's going to a new low
Spreads.
Baker woke up feeling dangerous as fuck today 🥴🥴🥴
Why?
made ya look.
Rule number 4 taking the fucking elevator I see again.
Ah come on don't throw my boys out there.  The Chinese ain't nothing like them.
Nio claims it will have a solid state battery option by Q4 2022 but currently there are no companies even producing a solid state battery. Isn't QS the furthest along and they claim to be in production by 2024. I mean what else is nio lying about?
Just opened a Tesla bull call spread so you probably should buy some puts 🤣🤣🤣
turn on the printer brrrrrrr
Yes you do lmao I wish you luck.
thanks
Market is forward looking and the worst is behind us. We only go up from here. 

I remember reading this exact quote and thinking to myself what the fuck does it actually mean.
 🥭  you will be missed
Wasn’t murder, it was a duel he won fair and square!
/u/wesmt is blowing his stimmy on starstruck awards

a man of culture

Edit: jesus
I had a plain 3-series and at one point my brother had an AMG, the BMW was way more fun to drive.
[removed]
wsb is a bunch of genji and hanzo mains
NOOOO MY COPPER MINERS :(
Rock hard
Up 400% on 4 1/15 20C, sold half on Friday
[deleted]
My homeless tin can money is ready to buy the dip. All IN NIO
Not currently holding puts (although I'm going balls deep VERY soon for the January/February correction) but suck it bulls
RETARD CHAD
If I were married to someone making that much I would tell them they could stop working probably. It's not worth it to work fulltime with commute and shit for that.

If I were dating I would probably split everything except rent and maybe vacations 50/50
Plenty more chances in the future.
What baby step is tsla calls? How tf did I go from debt snowballs to 8 balls?
Ain’t late till Tesla is 1k
This is the way
Lurking and matt out here with the coordinated pumps
500+ yards.

But also fuck the steelers.
U not paying close enough attention o.o. Green energy, infrastructure bills = tendie town
I'm predicting QQQJ hits $33 tomorrow. Can't believe my $35c Jun are gonna be ITM before February. Incredible!!
I have no idea why you were downvoted so much. I own nio shares and sell calls on them but this is exactly right. Always be wary when attempting to prophet off a totalitarian state.
Yes
100% IV is high and high iv is high iv regardless of time. Usually contracts with more time have less
I couldn't give a fuck about China but I love the company and I would love to work with them. Unfortunately I do not!
[deleted]
Houston but moving to south florida
I like it
🤗
may I have a crumb of gold...
[removed]
yeah it was my single biggest day, 70% total portfolio gain.   I went cash in the afternoon save for a NIO Call I snagged at close and some steel calls. pretty happy I did
Amazing that a sub that tosses around insults and degrading jokes about people is less toxic than most of the other garbage out there.  It's like you morons can take a frigging joke and not get butt hurt about it.     I miss when America could come together and just say some awful stuff at a comedy club and we could laugh at eachother with no safe spaces and both sides of the aisle protecting free speech and the idea that you could show you were an a-hole without the rest of us having to DOX you and ruin your life.  I miss America the land of the free :(
Unless it's green!
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nio call holders, how you feeling?


https://twitter.com/ragingbull_92/status/1348383199358046209?s=21
SPY please don't tank before I open my puts tomorrow morning k thx
yes because men are so much better with money
Yes everyone please buy the puts im selling! We are totally crashing
[deleted]
Why do you feel good?
It is what it is
Why would you propose to a fat, they're supposed to wait until after the marriage to get fat
That’s not even remotely true.
[deleted]
Sell my NIO shares tomorrow ?
Stop playing with my feelings.
It's more like 3 years, but yes, I've owned 2 BMWs, this is spot on.
[deleted]
Red futes? Can’t wait for record green EOD
[deleted]
how much you make and where? 50k in NYC is really nothing can't even afford a decent apartment
"15. What was your exact involvement with the DC-9 full of cocaine seized in Mexico belonging to Sky Way Aircraft, Inc., a subsidiary of Skyway Communications Holding Corporation, which you created?**"**  


Holy shit, that plane is going to the moon!
Ultimately, it doesn't matter what Manchin thinks. Virtually all democrats are for it, and a bunch of Republicans are for it because Trump was for it. They don't need Manchin
Worlds best cup of coffee
Weekly?
NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
NIO how high by close tomorrow?
The saddest thing is if you play "fantasy" Big Ben had a huge game and would be in the winning lineup.  Reminds of paper trading.
The pros and MM want ur money. DONT GIVE IT TO THEM.  FIGHT THE MAN.  THE TIME OF THE RETIAL CHAD BULLS IS HERE.  WE RUN THIS BITCH. 

PSTH 100 eow. Lfggggggggggggg🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
ey mango, can Putin get an Awa awa
Never withdrawing from the market cause you're an addict > buying a nice car 😤
If you’re not on RH, warrants are the play here. Good luck fellow autists
You know fuking 🥭 is planning his grand finale me and my calls are fuked
I thought I was special
Go fractional shares if you love money
Futures are Pumping 🚀🚀
[deleted]
Only on gains 👍
Nah. Federal unemployment is kicking in, +300/wk.
Lucky you didn't have a body of water.
A whole two weeks before this week was bad
Twerking on cock porn

Wait how do i deletat this coment
Love It!!!

One cause that can also be added is women entering the workforce in the 1970s, gradually doubling worker supply in Western countries... 😁
not suprised.. thanks for the dd man
Oklahomaaaaaaa where the waving wheat sure smells sweet when the wind comes right behind the rain.
thank you for the confirmation bias. here’s an upvote and rockets 🚀🚀🚀
Me too

SPY goes up 10% in a week: naturel growth baby

SPY pulls back 1% after said rally: MarKET iS RIgGeD
👆🏻 As a former BMW owner (x2), this is 100% true.
[deleted]
Why would anyone be selling other than to reposition. We know the Biden game plan, they being screaming it from the bleachers and a trifecta means no substantial headwind so reasonable to assume, at worse, institutions freeing liquidity to go long on Biden new deal. Ie cashing out gold, silver.
gigolo?
Pissed off I sold my NIO calls a couple weeks ago
I can't wait for monday morning. We're all about to get RICH!!! 🚀🚀🚀
IPOE big time
You guys realize that most investors actually want stocks to go down in the short term?  Not the 🌈🐻 kind either.  I know this may be hard to wrap your mind around for some of you.  But if you are losing sleep over -.5 futures Sunday night you may need to learn some risk management.
yeah, well, chaz is really just a state of mind. or something
[removed]
Which is nice since I can't spell it myself
Make a spunk jamboree in Nevada where it's legal.
(888) 624-8140

Thx bb 😘
[deleted]
BECKY 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Puts on you
I got underlying shares
Started with DKNG and ended up at NYSE lol
NIO calls at open?
Panic sell then fomo buy
California
[removed]
I wouldnever  allow myself to do that out of the fear that if we get divorced I'm fucked because of alimony
Ballsy. Good luck my dude!
Tomorrow
Thing is.... Even the vaccine isn't working properly or as accurate as they first thought it would be on a minor number.. but still, looks like lives will still be lost in the process
Because its a risk to wall street, it will get pumped somehow.
I'm literally Iranian Canadian why would I put a communist and loyal to the party. I quite literally vote for the conservative party every election, (Jason Kenney here in AB is our Premier). I'm also not a huge fan of our PM as he's a cuck and bends to will of China and let go of critical industries to the Chinese. The only thing good he did was arresting the CFO of hwuaei (idk how to spell it). I love NIO , not a big fan of China, especially with these concentration camps.
[deleted]
The sexual tension in that room OMG
dont worry by 9:30 all the boomers will wake up and buy the dip. New ATH
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Ded ded
Sounds logical to me
50k? God i wish that were me
bullish for you know what 🧬🧬🧬🚀🚀🚀
Hell yeah
yes plz get tendies flavour :)
LETS GOOOOOO ONTO THE NEXT ROUND
Twitter puts at open?
No but there probably should be
Not if you get 0dtes on the -3
🙏
Only if you have winnings.
It’s just crazy enough to work. 

I mean they’ve tried taking credit for the incredible run we had leading up to March and the run from April on
Rather “yolo” on a SPAC then some of the option plays on here lmao
Man if I had a good idea for some kind of business endeavor I'd liquidate this account and go all in. Nothing like betting on yourself
I got in 100 each for 3 months out when I did. Should've got like 10k in them. Shiiet
I must also reply
More diverse than most
Time will tell, but I firmly believe last week was the top.

When you have a rapper telling his fans to buy TSLA, it’s over.

At this point buying Tesla is more risky than buying literally any other stock.
Married to a stay at home wife and it’s great. Especially since Covid happened
18 year olds are fuckin annoying tbh, if you can find one that has a brain, it’s a no brainer.
This will be the year for metals and green energy stocks COPX for the win.
Gambling addictions will do that to you
username checks out, u/throwaway... throw away money.
It’s confirmation bias. When you see a twat on the road doing something stupid in a Toyota Corolla you don’t pay attention to nor remember the car. When you see the same but it’s a BMW you will.
Atleast coffee is up

https://finviz.com/futures.ashx
Any talk about public transit (I know they have school buses, but do they have city public buses) or US expansion?

I’m wondering about the Biden administration’s promise to have zero-emission public transport for all cities above 100K people as a tailwind for Lion electric
interesting thanks man
5 steps up
3 steps down

5-3=2

Bear fuk
What does this mean?
[deleted]
[removed]
I'm only on this thread so it doesn't matter
[deleted]
[removed]
Lol
Big brain
rotation into new FAANG
Eyyyy that's me :^)
JPM healthcare conference. Can we get some rotation from TSLA into NVTA and CRSP?
hmm... you think it’s too late to get in on that?🤔
Ah fuck, that dude made me buy $1 dollar worth of NIO
it's poverty if you live in a major city
Eww tsla about to kill earnings terrible call
fuck die usd die
Red at night. Elon's delight. TSLA green by open
ICLN is the move this week, who else is in?

Speedy Buyden taking the clean energy to the moon on Thursday after his speech on infrastructure 🚀🚀
It’d be chill
People always say this but I've literally never noticed it IRL. 

Shitty drivers drive all types of cars.
No steering wheel because FSD level 6 will be rolled out

No seats because you will be suspended in its levitation field during the ride
Think copper is gonna still go up? I'm in FCX but thinking of closing out my position instead of buying more calls
you're okay with giving that?
If I buy itm calls on NioMonday I could make huge gains scalping a few shekels this week 🤓200%
Dip fake af
Dude your describing half of this sub.
$32 then back to $25 so I can unload my lottos, deal?
Wait, people actually take advice from seeking alpha?  You know those articles are written by wannabe-retards, right?
[deleted]
FNGU
[deleted]
The blipcoin looking so bearish on the 15 minute.. fuuuck. I’m loading up the truck if it touches 29, please god just a little more down
what’s good ma NGA
Are there still any bears alive? We got 2 weeks of feasting coming up. Wait for buy the dip gang to make their move. Will be today or tomorrow. Then go all in puts blazing!

This week will show weakness or selloff if bears are lucky. Else selloff is next week.

Don't blame me if Powell decides to nuke us.
Stop calling your wife names
There are no bots.

Beep boop.
Yessir
[deleted]
Already in on Fridays low. Don’t forget your helmet, I always carry mine.
[deleted]
Or Dems, don't want anyone saying that they caused the stock market to fall so they let it fall now so the blame is on Trump and the gains are on Dems.
This is a retard safe haven. Please dont ban it reddit
You want some  lube?
i would be honored
First time?
NIO calls on open?
0 itll be a Wet Ass Premarket
Guys let’s get Tesla to 900 tomorrow we can do this
Hinted by?
RIP RIOT and MARA 1/15 call holders 🤡🤡🤡
She better give good head and swallow and do anal
Fuck no 😂 scotch is good too, but gin and cider are for the 🌈🌈🌈
Nice
Nobody ever lost money securing gains
Fell down an average of 20% each time except the last. This is doing the equivalent of doing 6 of those dilutions all at once
FAANG has been flat since Summer

What gives
That’s how every other sub feels about us
Depends on your expiry
Because it was. I don’t think I’ve heard or used the preface “You’re aware” then tried to educate someone and followed it by “right?” And it not been in a condescending manner. 

Glad you skipped over the stats though that directly refuted your opposing view as well. That’s cute
My kangaroo attacked the neighbor’s dog today, I apologized, and the neighbor and I are cool, so we should be ok. (The dog is ok too, just a friendly skirmish really)
I’m in shares i like the global diversification it’s a long hold for me
Pltr looks like continue downward pressure
You must be so cool 😎

Please tell me how cool you are 1-10
If people just stopped getting tested covid would go away quickly.
[removed]
Unable to sleep, we beat our meat, through the cold blustering, dark night. 

Our portfolios in flames fueled from failed calls, show the glistening of tears off our wet balls, but damn it feels so right.

Whats this a new day, oh boy, no way F. delights almost within reach. But until then I'll just page Chad and his men and hopefully they pay more when I screech.
Florida, originally. Fallon, NV due to the stupid navy now
Thats why you gotta make more money. Assume every female is bad with their money and you won't be surprised. All they want is kids and to not work.
"only" 50k
If shares or long term calls no. Short term otm calls, yes
Seems like everyone’s moving out of NY lately, even I’m in FL rn haha
Stop the count guhhhhhhhh
Which dip am I buying tmr
[deleted]
Pleas tweet again Donny
[deleted]
Fomo
yeah I dumped mine Friday and was worried I was gonna regret it.
Medium rare futures, them thangs bleedin’.  Gimme them well done futes
Hope you’re good at trading
will browns winning undo the curse of Harambe?
Be glad she is bringing in income and not a home maker
[deleted]
[deleted]
Soooo am I buying calls or what?

Thank you for this post - wonderful read.
No
I can probably guess what calls you're holding. I would actually advise the opposite. If we  do start going down this week, meme and momentum stocks will get crushed.
[removed]
1000 1/15 trust me. Pump 1k into it and if ya lose I will repay ya
Green by open
IPAs are good af
I think so. Grammar mistakes and i have access to professional financial software, cant find anything about this report or a new price target from BofA anywhere. Could be that its from somewhere i dont have access to (unlikely) or some other reason but i dont trust it
Bruh he’s driving a bmw that’s hardly rare I see more of them then anything besides Toyota Nissan Honda Hyundai and kia
If she’s hot and sucks my dick good idc
Shhh you’ll wake him. Let Biden 😴
Paid? I wish I just graduated from uni in Calgary lmao idk wtf kinda crack you smoke.
You married a gold digger
How about you tell me?

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/comment/girynv0
*Batteries not included
[deleted]
Does anyone else get pissed off with these college/uni kids commenting "stonks only go up" and tesla memes on facebook student groups like they're fucking cool? These retards ain't making shit and riding the wave to get some likes as if they're bout to get hired at NYSE trading floor or some shit lmao
Nice. Charleston or are you a country fella
Oh we red red
Fat, drunk, and gropey is no way to quarterback, son
Wait till Apple and Hyundai inks agreement, it will be green for next 10 years.
[removed]
Hell yeah it will.
Just bought 820 tesla call. how fucked am I bois??
Nah son. I don’t buy at the top. 
🌚
Yessirrr
GE 25 EOY
Btd
Is everything getting awards rn or something
Dude I was 17 in ‘08 and I got 3 mortgages approved by using my dogs’ names.
Nah just write it off as charity work
Hey riot and mara holders, are we safe tomorrow
Because this is the only sub where it’s users put their money where their mouth is. lol
No it was just the facelift of the 991 gen. Not even gonna mention the 6:47 of the gt2 rs. Or the 7:12 of the regular GT3. Porsches compete with mclarens and lambos. Not beamers but they still make excellent cars. Have a look 

https://fastestlaps.com/comparisons/vnuilp2u4ndc
$5 share prices.
From NYC living in Atlanta.
[deleted]
in canada it's called 'kraft dinner'

&#x200B;

..the more u know
Yeah prob still somewhat for the same reason. If you let Tesla remain unchained it takes over the ETF and then it’s not really doing the job of an ETF anymore if Tesla is 50% of the portfolio. 

That’s not saying Cathie isn’t bullish completely personally but running ETFs is a separate business than running a super concentrated fund.
How would you feel if your girlfriend/wife only made 50k/yr so if you want to afford anything you're paying the majority?
LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RH helps you get rid of your first wife so she's not around when you make millions with your next margin YOLO.
Hook up a generator to the jumper cables clamped to my nipples.
Anything worth less than 1B isn't allowed
I have Jan 15 $860P on TESLA picked up on Friday.  I feel pretty good about it
Up or down EOW
Another dude that buys everything at the top, then panics.  Jesus.
No clue, all I’ve found are rumors of 2021.
Neat maybe he should tell the stock to go up then.

There was a PRPL millionare aswell, and he lost a shitton on their earnings when he sold.
Does it always hop around? Is this anything new?
Joe, no one needs $2000 more than WV.

They may spend it all on meth, but that’s fine with me
I’m sorry for your country, my condolences
S.C. checking. Thought I was the only autist from here.
to rotation
🥖 🚀🥖 🚀🥖🚀 🥖 🚀🥖 🚀🥖
Not this week homeboy
looks like there’ll be some dips this week, thank god. great opportunity to get some nice positions before the next leg up
[removed]
So nio 70C 01/15 is the meme play ?
Bang bros ready
Save your award money for buying the dip!
Not confirmed yet. Get in early
Beetcoin ded
I own 1 monthly not too worried
I found someone to clean it:  u/KyanCade.
*looks at your meme stonk portfolio: “you’re an idiot sandwich”
Agreed. Anyone can get a MBA at this point. It’s like an equation. Average state university + top 10 grad program gets a person paid.. This is a safe hire. 

Companies should want/need retards aka “risk takers” to go full send with passion and fail miserably or get extremely lucky to spark innovation. 

Less intervention always leads to greater gains.
Noice
Doesnt really matter if tomorrow is green or not for my Tesla 2/19 900c. Everyone else who bought 1/15 is truly autistic
Where you see this
Definitely. Chicks are a depreciating asset.
rotate the market to market the rotation
PPP please save me
Fuck off you doughnut!!!
How much lube will I need for my spy calls?
Utah
I just scrolled through all her buys and I don't see SRPT anywhere.  Am I a retard or an autist?

EDIT: Wrong fund. Retardation confirmed. It's there.
Nah
hook up a generator to the market rotation infonite energy
UVXY
Yeah I’m right there with you - huge car guy - but it should still be something you can reasonably afford. Sounded to me in this post the guy turned 10k into 100 or so and immediately used it all on the car
chaz
[deleted]
PSTH pleasth announce your subway sandwich move already
It’s nowhere compared stonks. Federal reserve and government has interest in keeping it down

S&P is $30 trillion bitch, shorting gold is a small price to pay
MA
🥖 🥖 🥖
Honestly hoping TSLA has a 10-20% correction so I can buy some cheaper shares

You morons shouldn’t care since you presumably sold your calls friday
[deleted]
bruh it’s still at like $34.6K tho...
Relax take a fuken breath, how many times do we have to go through this
Or, you know, dont put 100% of your portfolio into GME. Just a thought.
[removed]
I've had that before lol. You need a muscle relaxer, just go to a doctor. The pain goes away in a day after taking a couple of those pills
Me when market goes down: this is divisive and we need unity
BUY THE DIP TRUST IN BIDEN
oh god oh god
Awesome
Any of my $BB bag holders out there? Feeling a bit lonely and extra retarded.
Lol
to rotate
[deleted]
this is dumb man, really fucking dumb to even think about
I've also found the size and color of my shits to predict stock movements on occasion
Days old news. Priced in.
Futures mean nothing
Pa
Market 360° rotation out of telsa back into Tesla
What is a good option play on this?
Sounds like something a Chinese spy would say
Treasury yields
I’m not even worried lmao
[deleted]
🍆
So is NIO now Chi-Lon Musk?
Gme millionaire says otherwise
...some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
there's the donger, called that one
What are you some kind of idiot sandwich?
Wait till the boomers wake up down 15%, another 10%+ incoming
[deleted]
I’d rather own shares of Enron
NEXT LEG DOWN INCOMING!!
This guy really gets it. award to you in letters. shiny bronze thing award from a poor man
those never sold well/don't have high resale
I would sell it and wait for the shares to successfully split. No need in taking the technical glitch risk. You can always buy back your contracts afterwards or stock. Just an idea. I was option heavy until I realized I didn’t understand them as well as I thought, I hold mostly exclusively shares now because I’m a little bitch but you do you.
Hey, lurker and watcher here who had to finally login to point out that OP is likely a paid pumper.   


The OP's shady post history has already been pointed out. He claims he's from Canada, but responded to a random post of another NIO pumper with "Link not clickable sir"   


Noone in North America talks like that, and obvious that he works with whoever posted that random thing on how the DOW and Tesla are so volatile, but NIO is a buy...
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** What does everyone do with their extra Tesla vehicles?

**URL:** https://redd.it/kuulky
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kuulky) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Stay-Classy-Reddit, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
door-hindge
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
ROTATION FROM TECH.....INTO TECH!!!!
WTF why is futures red? I am going to go bankrupt
OH BABY REFRAIN

FROM BREAKING MY HEART
Mmmm not a bad idea
All fair and square but the market retrds won’t realize that so soon for zm to moon. Some news must be cooking.
very serious breakdown of technical support here...
Same thing.
NY
Thank you!  This is the most helpful comment in a month.
Oooo noooo
[removed]
Bought NVDA for 170, pulled out last week. It's not gonna go up. I know what you're thinking, and it makes sense, but the current tariffs are going to choke the heck out of it, aside from already scalping and production issues. Ada also isn't coming out till 2022. I'd say, give it time to deflate. Tech is already at a downturn as investors are going into cyclicals. While I won't try to predict when it'll turn around, if I had to guess, it'd be late spring/early summer when rumors of new tech start to buzz louder.
Yo don’t NIO make them water packets?
Consern, inserection, yikes
Browns, Saints, Bucs, Bills parlay
You took my tone as condescending nerd
bitch it has the largest market cap of any single asset
Looks like distribution, no ones buying ☹️
Nice

Holding Jan 2022 250c
[removed]
Like that scene in Seven
0 chance that nio can deliver on their solid state battery
I don't understand, what's the difference?
Atleast it can wine and dine us before it fucks us.
MARA holders how yall feeling
Bigdumb
South Carolina
[removed]
Guys should I leave my fat 30 year old fiancee who never puts out for an 18 year old nympho thot? 🥖 for yes. 💎🖐 for no.
[removed]
sooo..... buy $TSLA 1/15 1070c when market opens? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Call to find a job
Slumber induced diamond hands
Lmao I’m buying puts see y’all Penniless asses in the red..
Well duh it'll crash. But in like 2050.
Someone tell me my 32c QQQJ and 26.5c PLTR 011521 calls are going to be okay
down here in the south it's "sumbitch"
Why? It’s barely red.
from the market to rotation
Why are ppl so aggressive in the comments holy fuck
I have to pay taxes on this????
Sent from my iPhone.
[removed]
They will absolutely do that for as long as they can. Federal level seems to care less about State level and more about Federal level though. Quickly after they see that sweet cheddar going to every states account, they are gonna want some of it too I think.
Market got her period
Let’s see where most of wsb is from... maybe there’s a concentration of retards somewhere in the US... comment
Make love to the food... don’t fuck it.
Already ate it all. 😋
In Europe
Holy shit. The digital asset is fuckeddd

Edit : Rip my mara and riot holders
Bears trying to convince me to buy puts pointing at a stonks damn near vertical rise be like that funny ass cut of Chad Kroeger singing “look at this GRAPH”.

Like bro that graph won’t stop me I can’t read
My Pad Thai can’t outdo the place named “Pad Thai” down the street.
Wow I love making macaroni and cheese noises
They also have calls i guess lol
It’s raw. You donkey.
[deleted]
Read it boomer
Young uneducated newly immigrated strippers is now identified as the cause of 2008
what in the fuck
What kind of bet did you make
Big brain stuff
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Puzzleheaded-Air9290|[$AMC - Dead money or a 2021 opportunity?](https://redd.it/kutzch)
/u/jkajr|[I have $800 to YOLO into a single play. What should I do?](https://redd.it/kuu5tr)
/u/BuzzSoundyear|[TNXP could double in the next month.](https://redd.it/kuu7og)
/u/trombone_tyrone|[I want to start trading so I need your help guys](https://redd.it/kuugh8)
/u/cooking_with_spence|[🚀🚀🚀 finally did something right](https://redd.it/kuuh9z)
/u/DaggerBrooch|[China US crossroads?](https://redd.it/kuuux9)
/u/fuckmybrainupp|[ARKK vs ICLN 2021](https://redd.it/kuuxu6)
/u/Connorlunn35|[$MICT](https://redd.it/kuuy0n)
/u/Connorlunn35|[$MICT](https://redd.it/kuuy0n)
/u/bdub_7|[Brokerage Account](https://redd.it/kuv6hs)
F off with your gold standard bullshit
Preparing my cheeks to get clapped in the morning
What are the calls for tomorrow. Im tryna be a degenerate and lose money!!!!
This was a reply to a comment so there’s no context lol mb, should have edited it
I love it. Blnk to $80
[deleted]
You apparently don't use google because there's nothing official anywhere.
PLTR 🚀🌚
Just had to know so i went to r/all just now.

If you want political talk, youve got political talk. As far as the eye can see. r/pics, r/philosophy, literally pick a random subreddit and go to town.

Banning people who bring it here is too light a punishment.
already balls deep
Watch tsla be the only thing green
Nah let's get it back down to 24 or 25 where it belongs with no target or actual news
Cruise. Something even tesla doesn’t have.
https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/vehicle-industry-services/autonomous-vehicles/autonomous-vehicle-testing-permit-holders/
Never was pal 🕶🤏🏻🙂😎
Go ahead. Make your money so I can short it on the way down is the way I see it
From rotation
But it’s inferior potassium
Those were manipulated, cuz they’re very small markets
I thought com might pop tomorrow.....
Another story about Joe Manchin yapping his mouth about stimi. Man shut the fuck up!  A couple days ago  he was  against it (market dipped) now he wants targeted stimi’s? cant he just hold his flip flops for 2weeks so we can lock in this green?
Reddit would have you think Nestlé is the most vile company in existence.
$70C 12/24/20. I like to live dangerously.
False my child, rest your tired brain and the truth will come to you
Look at treasury yields 🤧
CASH
Mara should be around 20$ right now. Sell puts to gay bears
Gotta tow a big fifth wheel.  That’s a 3500HD.  Raptors won’t do that.
In on Cresco at $6.55.  Definitely an underrated play for US cannabis.
Blueprint playa.  Good to see someone understands the game up in here.
Thanks to the Cleveland Browns for the 600% ROI
i got u
Can confirm mental health effects. Got to snap out of it. Miss too many similar or even better opportunities by wasting brain power on that stuff.
All this red talk makes me drool for tsla discounts. My 2/19 tech calls probably hurt if red but I’m ok with wiping my tears with tsla profits
Generally speaking, I notice it more here especially from my age group. Back home in India everyone, even the children knew how to make full dishes.
CCP can a brotha get an award?
https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/vehicle-industry-services/autonomous-vehicles/autonomous-vehicle-testing-permit-holders/
That also means 99% of Tesla customers don't care about the paint. They are buying daily drivers, not showcars. 

I have a model 3 and detail cars for fun. Got it up to pretty much perfect with my DA and a one step. Pretty soft clear coat, but I'll do my best to keep it protected.
[deleted]
No
NIO news continues to be coming. After NVIDIA and QUALCOMM news, now it's mass production plans revealed by CEO himself - [https://www.reuters.com/article/nio-china/chinese-ev-maker-nio-may-launch-mass-market-vehicles-under-another-marque-idUSL4N2JM0GG](https://www.reuters.com/article/nio-china/chinese-ev-maker-nio-may-launch-mass-market-vehicles-under-another-marque-idUSL4N2JM0GG). FOMO is gonna kick in Monday pre-market!
1-800-277-4653
200c
wtf are you saying?
It’s manipulated. Gold market is too small
I agree, we need more people calling each other idiot sandwiches in here
Ehh a little but nothing out of the norm
Yeah I’m not going anywhere near it.  Too wild for me, boyos.  I’ve been a bitch the whole time and missed out.  But the 🏳️‍🌈🐻will eventually be right.
Native of your moms house is 100% on here
That saying you’ work in Canada doesn’t exclude the possibility you’re loyal to the ccp. Also, you’re defensiveness over what others would consider a joke is a dead giveaway
Take the upvote for name alone haha
Big brain
BB for the win
What? From what rotate to what? Tech to value?
What do you think of Cresco?
no
I agree BUT you should really only be buying a $100k car if your net worth is at least $1 mil imo
bruv you’re onto something
I have a raging upgrade going on right now.
Burry will sell you that I bet
GMC eh, not a F150 Raptor.  Meh...
Good bot. 

Mango orange
What strike?
Plays for tmmrw at open?
Nah I actually feel very fucked up for asking this now, I hope anyone who do need support does reach out. My curiosity got the best of me
This just in - papa Elon invited to host the next BET awards in celebration of becoming the wealthiest African American.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Environmental_Scar99 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sports surge
copper, FCX
inauguration is 1/20 dummy
[removed]
PACB June calls.
300k a couple years ago.  Had a big win with PRPL.  

I had about 400k net premium into this two weeks ago.  Added quite a bit more early last week.  I think I’m $1.3M or so net premium into it.  I haven’t added it up.   I’ve just been watching margin requirements, spread breakevens and multiples.
Buy BA dip at open or you ain’t black
The CCP is a terror cell
[deleted]
Your 'r's are all lowercase, I'm sorry... I should go.
Or you could just use the actual volume of the stock..
[deleted]
[removed]
Same bruh
The big short guy who invests in water is saying it’ll crash tho.
Market rotation out of the market into rotation
Bawhaha
I’m beating her right now
Could be a tough day for the XOM squad tomorrow!
Buy any dip men.  No way this market turns over yet.  With the Dem. Majority, plus the Jpow Jyell tag-team.  There will be simply to much money thrown into the market over the next year.
Had a butterfinger for the first time in years this weekend...was delicious.
Buy 420 $69 calls. For 4/20
and I am in both of them 😎
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** SPACEX for PSTH? this twitter account seems to think so... TO THE MOON!

**URL:** https://redd.it/kusd7i
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kusd7i) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Rick_Perrys_Asshole, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
TheOtherSomeOtherGuy
holding-light
_saucemaster
6r1n3i19
OverpricedBagel
Gold?
16
Look at all the jealous retards mad this guy bought a nice BMW. Mad cuz they lost their weeklies and drive a shitbox 😂😂
By upvotes I meant downvotes. 4 spies so far.
Ni hao
That’s your fault bro, has potential tho
Yeah, I'm with you on a 40$ price target.

You do not want to be asking advice from me.  I don't want to be asking advice from me.
Good one bro. Too bad im not a dem.
Green by open 🚀 The only DD you need
Excuse me??
[deleted]
Is GME short squeeze thesis still viable?
Same
No problem, I didn't read everything anyway, because NGA to the 🌕
Burry gonna need to see a doctor about his erection tomorrow
1/20
Stfu
Jack, is that you? 

Bark twice if you’re in Milwaukee.
Go to hell
If you post it elsewhere I’d love to read it. That goes for anyone else with premade DD on cannabis us industry
Premiums are hella expensive rofl
Why would you invest in a pension fund?
Got ya beat- $35,000 deep on 1/15c at $3,500- wish me luck as I wish you good luck.  My wife is going  to kill me
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Shut up
Weird, why doesn’t the CA dmv have tesla approved .... but zoox, waymo, nuro, autox, and CRUISE (GM!) approved??? Lol you must be crazy  AND ignorant 
https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/vehicle-industry-services/autonomous-vehicles/autonomous-vehicle-testing-permit-holders/
It does worry me a bit when beetcoin takes a dive with futures
Just in ur moms hole
GLD , SLV   And of week?
go further mate its only going to go up during bidens terms
Lol
Everytime Tesla dips even a little bit.

"Outside interference in my MOMENT OF GLORY" 

Yeap sounds exactly like what they would say.
Can we do box spreads though?
[removed]
So if tomorrow morning is a hell storm how many of y’all are buying calls with me? 🧠🚀🚀
This reminds me of that time when the dude at the Microsoft store tried to convince me to buy a Huawei laptop
This is not the way, wtf are you even saying
Ban
No position in TSLA, but you know the drill boys - 

Market green: TSLA to Mars
Market red: TSLA to the moon

Recession proof, safe haven, growth, retarded meme. All in one. TSLA bulls can sleep ez
Huh?
I bought a slow cooker...still buying Taco Bell
Calls on parking lot rates.
This guy. I like him.
I've detected the name of a color in your comment. Please allow me to provide a visual representation. Blood red ([#660000](https://www.color-hex.com/color/660000))

---

^(I detect colors. Sometimes, successfully. | Learn more about me at /r/colorsbot | Opt out of replies: "colorsbot opt out")
It’s gonna 🖨
Whole market may dump but icln and Tesla will be green
If i don’t set my alarm I dont wake up

If i dont wake up i cant panic sell

🧠
Time to go to that big rapetirement home in the sky, Ben
[removed]
How is it special to states? Every country has people who can't cook
How do I beta test for you
Do you expect to be condescending when delivering an opposing view and someone not be a dick back? Also just for reference 

For the US, electricity generation from coal is about 23% (rising oil prices don’t grossly effect coal prices) 
38% comes from Natural Gas (oil and NG are very much separate) 
Petroleum derived from Oil makes up less than 0.5% due to many plants being converted over to NG Back several years ago. 

Wind, solar and hydro make up about 18% 

So yes I saw where you were going with your reply to me even with the condescending tone but you’re wrong and here’s some numbers to prove it. 

With rising gasoline/diesel prices electricity will still be cheaper to charge EV’s
This is the way
[deleted]
Dips are a tendies opportunity
Atta boy
[removed]
I actually think food always tastes better out
Take profits. See you at happy hour!
a fellow autist has confirmed srpt has been bought by cathie woods, and you guys still think this is not free money?? april 16 120c you hate money if you don't buy
Maybe the Nio using NVDA in cars talk.
对于上帝的爱股市不要操我。我从高利贷者那里贷款了25％，买了特斯拉1/22 900c。这种狗屎印刷效果更好，或者我一生欠债，并且极有可能永远不会从中获利。
Futures don’t mean anything when you’re on the PSTH rocket to Mars .. $32+ tomorrow or your moms a hoe
[deleted]
I don’t know if I can hold that long to get to 50. I need fast action. 50 or 0 EOW.
Only peasants cook, we deliver
nio and nvda collab
Picked me up one of those Friday before close
**MARKET ROTATION OUT OF TSLA AT OPEN BACK INTO TSLA AT THE DIP**
So what you're saying is buy tuesday morning?
$NGA please
Holding 1/29 & 3/19’s. 💎🙌🏽
That’s the point my guy get wooshed. It’s with guns just illegally bought most of which through the US
Probably green by morning. I have VXX shares though. Building that up little by little just in case.
I love y’all. 

Full homo
Bernie Madoff has entered the chat
[deleted]
Puts on Steelers
Sivb
Puts on you
BLOOD RED LIMIT DOWN

BULLS FUK
When is ipo tho?
Pics
[deleted]
[deleted]
what calls should i make with $500
It’s not that I can’t. It’s that I’m fucking lazy
thx bunch. I got constant D in math when I was in high school. To tell u the truth, I don't know how it sounds but by the reply u got, seems like 'go all in'? lol
Last comment. BMW... the bottom of the fancy cars.... I think Dick and Jane showed all middle management has a BMW when hired...
How much did you start with? And when? And is spreads your main way to go? News/rumors  or Sweeps/TA?
Didn't mean to delete. I would argue each state will want to keep the tax money and jobs in their state. No incentive to set up state regulations in a fashion that would allow it.
And the charger’s cord will be really short, but you can buy a longer cord that actually reaches your car for an extra $1k.
The pricing of options is dependent on a few factors, but the biggest one is "IV", or "Implied Volatility". What IV actually *is* is the market's sentiment on whether a stock is going to increase or decrease, and more importantly, by *how much*. When nothing is going on in the business world, IV is low, thus making option prices cheaper. When things *are* going on however, such as [GameStop's ICR Conference tomorrow](https://icrinc.touchcast.com/showtime/icr-conference/embed/29ae0663-5b2d-e54d-5a8e-1f7af6dd404f), IV skyrockets and makes options more expensive.

If you sell CCs tomorrow, you're going to get much higher premiums than normal, because of tomorrow's event. After the event, once the dust is settled and the stock reacts, IV is going to decrease significantly, making the options worth a lot less. If you aren't assigned, you can buy your way out of the option deal for much cheaper and make a profit, and if you *do* get assigned, the premium will help you buy back your shares while only losing a few bucks. 

This is called *IV Crush*, and it's why when retards buy OTM calls around an earnings report, they get upset when the stock goes up but the option price stays the same or *gets worse*.
Boom
/u/VredditDownloader
Browns will probably lose by 30 next week.
Dips are buying opportunity
When?
Pleas
Yes
Nio partnership
Moved all my 401K to SPACs near NAV. Picked up UVXY calls and INTC puts on RH. Maybe I timed it correctly this time hahaha
Judging by that last pick, you might be onto something
I wanna see more Gordon Ramsay references in here, I feel like his vibe is fitting.
At least my VIX positions are the only thing moving right now on the P/L which puts me at green and helps me lie to myself until tomorrow morning
Totally agree and that would be my short term thesis for buying APHA too. I would think TLRY especially will catch the hype wave and hopefully APHA will equalize. I was watching for this to play out last week, but they were not moving in step which I found strange...
Calls on Puts
This sub never fails to cheer me up.

Let’s get some tendies tomorrow bois
Buying TSLA call spreads instead of calls is like stealing $10 when you could’ve stole $100
Hell yeah!
Lmao facts, but also, it could move the needle for one day which could have an effect on 0dte options
I thought I was weird.
Few things in life you dont do. 1st is out pizza the hut. 2nd is short daddy musk
He was probably just looking at Tesla, which literally is just a money printer
I love this new digital currency where 14% of my buying power disappears on a Sunday.
Not in this wack ass market lol, the only options i’m buying are ICLN calls
Thank you for writing this up. Great read.
Guys how much Tesla can I buy with my cold hard .13 dividend?
I’m in awe of people who don’t know how to cook in the States. You just follow directions online and the food tastes way better if you make it yourself. Made some chicken pad Thai tonight!
Yes China has extensive investments all around the globe, including 1 trillion worth of U.S Treasuries. Your point?
EVs are boring.
Lol
I think that this was actually it.  

Could you go short RBAC now?  I’d like to see it price correct up faster.
Are people on here inciting treasonous riots against the government? If not I think we’re fine.
[removed]
Did my best to translate guys
My silver etf long call is down :/
I'm all for Alex Jones themed memes.
Why are futures so bloody?!
This is what you buy yourself after you've roped people into your blank cheque IPO.
They have to keep it at a certain percentage of that fund. So when it gets bigger than the percent allotment they sell the amount needed to keep the balance. They have been doing it off an on every time it runs like this.
Imagine having 58 billion dollars, and it still not being enough to protect you from the wrath of Winnie the Pooh

I hope Jack Ma likes HONEY* 🍯 

















*concentration camp
TSLA can't dump cuz I have a position in it
I’m ready to see Tesla dip and get calls past earnings tbh
takitaki giving rothlessburger browns bukaki
If it’s aliens, it’s already been identified, and is not a UFO anymore. Calls on $NOC and $LMT as they’re definitely gonna come out as advanced flight systems
ARK gang

https://twitter.com/biancoresearch/status/1348465964124434432?s=20
Those tendies must be really important if you'll trade them for the collapse of the dollar
Danke
I think Ben is getting confused as to which receivers are his...
So... let’s say your a business with no brick and mortar stores. Like Twitter. Most of your overhead is staff and servers. 

Well... if you lose customers (users) you can scale back your servers and staff to appropriate numbers. It’s not like Twitter is GameStop that has to pay rent across the country. They just lay some people off (which usually boosts stock prices if done to save money) and turn off some of those rented servers. 

They’re in much less hot water than op thinks.
[deleted]
Cathie is bullish on this shit. Hold the line
No buyers at all tonight
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Kevin ain't a poor person.

Home Alone family was fucking loaded.
☺
kind of thought we’d see 10-14k at open.  idk
When did this place become r/cuntspiracy
nah good trader but never became a dedicated musician. still sell my work and make about $1500 a month in royalties. but its not like I ever got on the radio or anything.
Twin towers, Pandemic, insurrection. Is the stock market immune now? Do stonks go up?
news?
True.  It's a regional chain,  not national. 

My point was that GME sucks.
NGA 🚀🚀🚀🚀

In at 15.65, already up 48% 🚀
Nah.  No expiry there.  You’ll make it out when the announcement actually comes by holding commons.
Are they publicly traded i would like to buy
[deleted]
More like, who said you can only get guns from a store?
Downvote brigade can tickle my taint
Yes
I see a bunch of university kids saying “stonks only go up lul tesla” on their university fb groups like they’re dope af but really they’re r/stocks retards jumping on the bandwagon acting like they’re part of crew talkin bout memes of analysts saying tsla’s market cap is fundamentally wrong trying to be funny and get likes as if they’re making money or some shit

Pisses me off so I’m buying tsla calls tomorrow



Fuk u



Michael J Burry
You should jerk off or have sex every time it goes by. Then in 6 months u will have a train fetish
Futures are 🟢r🟢e🟢d🟢
I think someone might be drunk giving out internet stickers and watching football right now.
So is consistency. They say.
No. It's a $30 ceiling stock until it proves it's not.
and the other half sound like ching chang chong
Scroll through 4chan something will excit you. Could be some hot babe or some cartel member having his arms cut off. It's a slippery slope.
[deleted]
You Only Lose Once
Aside from offices it’s hard to say given state by state could differ. At this point I’m banking on the merger driving my APHA stock into Tilray (which is trading at a higher price) and a bit of the hype when it passes. I would imagine states would want to pick local companies and it’s hard to know which US play is positioned to capitalize the most
They’re probably saying actual funny shit. Still gave you a party train tho
Seems so. Money is money and I'm minting a profit. Why can't we all just get along. :(
Yep that’s what it is man, your life is hanging in the balance with every day. It was like that for me in March yoloing spy/cruise/casino/airline puts. You have to consider your mental health equity in your plays as well - leveraging yourself to the tits like that takes a huge toll on you mentally. Not to mention it can very easily wipe you out entirely.
[removed]
Bmw m5 competition F90 Nurburgring: 7:36
991.2 GT3 RS Nurburgring: 6:56 
Lol
[deleted]
AMD will be 150 by june  
PLTR will be 50 by EOY 2021
[deleted]
Does it go in the square hole?
For sure.  My only regret was not selling out of my 25p/20p two weeks ago and heading more into debit spreads and other long plays.
So tits up is good?
Jerking off on Google images to pictures of Cohen
ICLN 🚀🚀🚀
BOA ccp shill confirmed
I love y’all. In a gay way
Kind of funny you forget the letters "me"
You will wake up to green futures, relax
Baker mayfield is a bull
I saw it coming, saw my portfolio jump from $60k to $150k. Problem is, my retard doubled down (TSLA puts) and I didn't foresee the jump from the money printer. I'm gob smacked by just how resilient equity values are in the face of an economy that isn't producing nearly as much or as efficiently as it was pre-covid. But hey, that's stimmy pumping equity values directly rather than indirectly via increased business activity.

Right now I'm sitting here with an account balance of $10k. I've maintained this balance for the past four months - sometimes a bit up and sometimes a bit down.

By rights, if markets were left to their own devices (proper free market), everything would shit itself. A return to trading on fundamentals would be more likely and anything that's a shitstonk would be punished.

But hey, Newsom reckons it's all sunshine and rainbows. California has minted plenty of new billionaires off the back of IPOs and that's all that matters according to him. Doesn't matter that Venice beach is covered in human excrement.
Who said murders have to be caused by firearms ?
he bought?

dömp et
Dumb
I have NVDA shares
30% dips during a bull run aren't unusual. Especially with zero support. Strap in 🌽  🎢
Lol this is rich. “If anyone is going to use this sub to influence markets, it’s gonna be US firms.”

Everything you want to cry about china doing, the US already does, and worse. You’re all fucking rubes.
The rest of the worlds markets are up

We’re fucked..

TSLA $1000 calls 1/15
Roger that, just leave your wife's phone number below and we'll be in touch
Don't you mean so they don't have to look him in the face?
Just a toy. People get lucky and first thing they do it make it so they have to find some more luck.  I very much the idea of enjoying the show and watch the money dance!
This guy was probably already better off.
I said it once, I'll say it again. NIO is copycat chinese-made garbage. Ride the bubble then cash out
как говорится в старой русской поговорке. если вам нужно почесать задницу, убедитесь, что вы ее помыли
Me 5 🥴
Why are people sleeping on amci? Amci merges with Advent. Shits better than plug and fcel
In Utah and my neighborhood has probably about 10 at least that I've seen.
Where do I dump my load on FD’s tmmrw?
$GS to $400 after earnings. LFG.
BABA drilling so far underground its about to see Jack Ma’s corpse
What’s SPAC?
Initiate Bank Transfer

Buy The Dip

Initiate Bank Transfer

Buy The Dip

Initiate Bank Transfer

Buy The Dip

Initiate Bank Transfer

Buy The Dip
🚀
Because I sold my shares on Thursday. You’re welcome.

It was only about $30k worth though.
A classic
Icln calls y’all
All bears must have short term memory loss
And Papa Musk said use Signal.  Just a subtle poke that anyone who hates censorship should get their comms off the communist networks that want to "protect" you from hearing things you don't agree with.  Papa Musk has looked out for us this far.  Please be careful though, if the other big techs get mad at him they could dump his stock and cause the price to tank.
Btfd if there is one
[removed]
The man speaks without punctuation
You mean, every *retail* retard in existence. If institutions are selling, then you’re fucked!
design? wtf

&#x200B;

marketing.. ok
Sunday night is always bear central.
[removed]
Too late to get it now with commons?
Yes
Check my name bruh
Up like my pp when ur mom walks in
It'd be more than you think.

The dailies always offer a support when someone reaches out.
I'm totally ready for it, but honestly I don't give a fuck at the same time. None of this shit surprises me anymore. Critical thinking goes straight out the window whenever China is mentioned in ANY capacity nowadays on Reddit. It's always some regurgitated atrocity propaganda completely unsolicited; it's like they're Pavlovian dogs trained to foam at the mouth whenever China is mentioned.
If there’s anything I learned the last couple months, don’t panic sell TSLA. Earnings on 1/27 boys, hold the line!
[removed]
[deleted]
Wtf I sold NVDA on Friday 😩
How did this not get an award
This is exactly what the voices in my head sound like as I set up my YOLO and my finger slides between put and call on Robinhood.
MT🚀🚀🚀🚀
This is de way
You beautiful bastard
Same.  It's a lot more annoying in the spring and summer when the windows are open
Meh it’s all good. I was looking for a quick flip. Didn’t realize the market was gonna start pricing in news like they did.
Lmfao I love this sub
down look at this [https://imgur.com/gallery/lLghePu](https://imgur.com/gallery/lLghePu)
Spy puts should have made money..... I'm just salty.
Gun makers and security types usually do well when Dems are coming into office.
Fuck your bro
Welfare awards going around tonight

Where’s the GME gang when you need them
Xie xie Huang pen you
I've been watching the futures tonight, dollar is gaining some serious strength, and has for last few days.  I'm no currency expert, but there historically seems to be a strong inverse relationship to $USD and the market in the last year.  I watch $USD and Vix and they have been doing a good job telegraphing selloffs.  So many words to say... I agree with everything you said... lol. Obligatory long PLTR
Calls on your health bro
I think I need to buy more fuckin cars.  Their prices are only going to go up
Pleas fly BABA
I guess the CA dMV is insane too. Simple google search would have prevented this egg on your face: 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/thelastdriverlicenseholder.com/2020/09/18/zoox-fourth-company-to-receive-completely-driverless-test-license-for-california/amp/
Ban
Fuck boomer ass msft. Trash ass, moves like cold molasses on a winter morning ass stonk
Another dip buying opportunity i hope.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think he usually does doggy so doesn't have to look at them in the face.
Steelers = bulls and browns = bears.... Even a 🌈 bear gets a win from time to time...
You're an intellectual dumbass...AND I'M COMIN'!
I’ve been playing this very similarly, except that I’ve been buying $25/$30/$35 butterflies as well because I saw the chance to get up to 10x R2R and likely 5x. I already closed my March $25/$20p spreads because i was already at 50% max profit (much earlier than expected!) and I saw better opportunities for margin, but these were basically free money at $3.15 when I bought them because if you held to expiry considering the 2/9ths of a warrant attached to each share would likely never bring you below ~$22, even in a freak market scenario. 

This one has been a lot of fun to trade :D
BEAR TRAP at OPEN & we rally
Every other commercial during this game is for the Toyota Sienna...calls on $TM
Yes. Stop being a crybaby. We're here to make money. Check your sensitive shit at the door.
You only get one if you send the mods a vid of you doing the helicopter.
I’ll take one off of your hands if it helps!
Test drove both an Audi and a BMW over the weekend. BMW's are still great cars.

 Maybe in need of some styling refreshes tho.
I remember back n Nam I caught a bearish case of crab harmonic pattern on my toes. We called it jungle Rot
IPO, ya backed by Bill Gates, whoever the fuck that is. They have a new recent record for longest active fusion power and had a recent breakthrough with MIT, said they should have full fusion capabilities by 2025.
Yeah please share weekly
They betta make it to that $1 mark lol
[removed]
You know who has extensive investments in Canadian natural resource companies? China.
Just wait til you see someone out Rick Flair [Rick Flair](https://youtu.be/SobD560-9ZQ)
Try it
35,000 murders in Mexico in 2019 and there’s only one gun store lol
Date of speech?
Everyone in Washington has one, I didn’t notice till I bought a Tesla myself tho
All I want is too make so fucking tendies
How come i couldn’t buy any this weekend on RH happy cause it crashed tho haha
It will be 

And your username checks out
Nice. The thought of your meat gets me harder than a JPow candle. And I mean that in the most non homo way possible.
Got it, buying AMD Puts
do u also live near a train tunnel?
Yea, but this is tesla, Cathie Wood, Papa Elon, can’t fail... right? *Stares awkwardly into the distance*
So as big as my dick nice!
[removed]
Imagine the opportunity cost of holding gme and pltr instead of TSLA
Tickers? $PSTH here
Yup. Correction = calls
It's also full of spammy bot-filled subreddits. Like this one. 

How can people see 1/3 of the comments are non-sequitur 1-liners like "PLTR 🚀🚀🚀" in a reply to a completely unrelated comment nested 3-5 levels deep, and not realize this is a bot subreddit.
after a week of record gains a stock sub is gonna spike bro
Man a failed musician and failed trader damn
That caboose tho
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fuck you and got downvoted for your joke lol.
Congrats. More money for FD's. Lozenges worked for me. Calls on your health
I mean like I said, I don't think any cannabis play is a bad one to be in. I just feel like CA companies will do better when they are allowed to start selling their international infrastructure of weed into the U.S.
Be careful, the retards in this sub have collectively decided posting anything bullish on Nio makes you a ccp shill.
[deleted]
Does he need a girlfriend?  Mine is available.
Could you elaborate on this? I figured it was questionable on legality but wasn't sure which part of it would be illegal.

I wonder if he never bought the stock (I don't remember what was highest rated), or if just making a video would be the illegal part (self-incrimination).
Let me slip somethin in ya
not even close to late 90's valuations.  A shit ton of those companies didn't even have revenue..
Trump supporters proving that the numbers don't add up
Fucking sell already everything green energy is mooning
So, like, what's with the awards yo?
[deleted]
Yearnin’ for a kernin’
My vote is a pull back.  I think it is too high right now.  Kind of like an earnings run up, it should grow to these price levels over the quarter in anticipation of the announcement.
My apologies. You’re one of us then.
It would be an OV in Russia. Our Vehicle
What was your reasoning? Wish I knew
More than YOU can afford bitch.  The top commenter is my wife's boyfriend's friend and I will kill for him.
for the first time, I just broke my chocolate bar into tiny pieces before putting it on the graham cracker(I’m making s’mores), so it could be melt more easily, and I might’ve changed my life after tasting it🤤
🤏
People have been talking about you.
Aye
Why? Or are you just going to lob unjustified insults like a Stalinst would?
I hope so :D I mean I looked at the 3 month chart for a few minutes, own a pair of CRSR headphones, and expect a good earnings in Feb so 100 shares for me!
Just.... just shut up
These are fucking international companies, a few retarded American have almost no impact.
😂 sorry man. I don’t know yet.
[removed]
Take mine
RSI is insanely high
Solidarity brotha
please give me your money if you don't know what to do with it
Fuck the moon, tesla is taking mars📈↗️🚀🚀🚀
Utah
We have special needs bro
You should write a book about reading lol
Your downvotes is the evidence
It's called expert mode
[removed]
Okay I guess just assume 2020
I think I’m still chilling lol maybe lost 200 on spy calls tho 😝
🏳️‍🌈🐻
What
[deleted]
I don’t normally pay attention, but has the # of active users today been sus?
I literally only have option plays right now I’m leveraged out the tits. Red days hurt a lot green is amazing the difference in my account from one day to the next is so hard to watch. Albeit a lot are leaps but still small changes in underlying make a huge affect in my acct.
Economy is booming so hard it requires trillions in stimulus every couple months to keep it going.
The fuq
Starting my own WSB stock -

Ticker is “Tits,” it is 69x leveraged and only tracks TSLA

Bids start at $1
Leaps boutta be free money😈
Sigh. 1. 1k shares avg 27 usd like a retard checking in. Mock me I'm ready.
Sounds like a movie plot.
Not a bear. Have goev, ciig and x3 leverage Apple fund.
[removed]
Well some people see cars as more than an A to B thing. I couldn’t care less what people would think. I wanna drive a fast, fun car. Life’s too short. Isn’t that why we yolo our paychecks on options? 🤔
Stonks only go up 🚀🚀🚀
This guy gets it
How big are your bags?
Calls are fuck
I’m gonna be up like Michelle Obongas big fat DICK tomorrow! ☠️
Is it too late to get into PSTH at $29? Will there be a pull back next week?
I agree with the speed that news can spread as a reason to keep it going actually I did not think of that.
Gimme an award my Chinese overlords
Check out his new post history. Now it’s all “woe is me, look at these American racists” 

No, it’s because you copied word for word DD on another website. Suspicion of China is warranted because there’s only one viewpoint: the government approved one. CCP can stand no criticism whatsoever, you have to question everything when information exists in a vacuum such as that.

He could easily be a government proxy looking to pump up their own companies to mirror Tesla’s success.

Love China and their culture but fuck the Chinese Government and fuck Xi. I wish they could experience freedom of thought and speech.

u/notccpbot
Yes, you're right. theta is the only Greek in dollars. Theta is currently 1.1 so 1.1 dollars per day. OP just means to put the delta and theta in the same units here.
Same actually lol
Calls on Red Lobster got it.
[deleted]
Opposite for me.  Aides kept me hooked.  Did it over a long weekend watching boxing and shitty movies like Blade 2.
Lemme dump my calls then do whatever you like
I'm good.
Jesus
[removed]
🔌 in my 🕳
Up always up
Bulls thinking tomorrow will be green. Lol
Yes I know that, but what’s the SPAC ticker that will bring Sofi public?
Bank of America has already upgraded, I assume JPM and Goldman Sachs aren't too far behind
Sundial
Unless biden is going to write stim checks every few months, then what else is there?
Me looking at RIOT in my portfolio.. 

GUH
What were his holdings I'd you don't mind me asking?
[deleted]
I hope he enjoys it
Yes, post holiday crash mid January is normal
That actually sounds like a good idea. At least his fans know how to meme.
Anytime bby
Could be they’re getting read to IPO

I FUCKING HOPE
[deleted]
Put the money you save into OTM TSLA calls and start a cocaine habit instead.
Yassss bitch
Someone doesn't know how market cap works and just looks at share price... 🤡🤡🤡
Lmao beast, I saw them out at red rocks, and a couple other times on the East coast too, they are dope 

Been on that mgk grind recently tho
The retard express comin’ in hot bro!  You already know how we be
If market gaps down, I'm flipping my UVXY calls to puts rofl
yup, last time someone posted a really funny one for PLTR on thankgiving day and then well....
exactly why im goin in on gores holdings in the morning.
COWARD
Don't let the gay bears win!

DON'T: Panic sell good stocks such as PLTR, GME, TSLA, NIO

DO: Sell boomer stocks such as MSFT, F, GE
They would still be up
$TSLA Tesla, up or down?
TWLO
man so many bears tonight, probably grab SPY call tomorrow - you guys remember last week right?
If you haven't linked the post, could you? 🚀🚀🚀
Hmm 2k stimulus check, new 2k iPhone / MacBook, Apple moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🤔
Why tf is everyone getting awards except me
Hopefully $16ish so I can re enter
“Your wife’s boyfriend in them guts”....Jesus son.

Anyway, I just wanna say first, as bad as I don’t want the US Cannabis industry to follow Canada’s lead, I realllly hope they don’t follow CA’s lead. They have done everything they can to make the legal industry flounder. Morons.

Secondly, you are concerned about B&M holding back US MSO’s? Take a look how GTI has done in the last year with their stores. And this is in about as a restricted environment they can operate in. The big LPs have an entire country that is legalized, and their numbers don’t even tickle my dick. I say that as an aphria holder since 2018. Aphrias recent acquisition of Sweetwater and merger with Tilray doesn’t have me anywhere near as excited the other US names and their potential for growth.
免费印地语电影2020年!!!!
Are we just gamblers? I did find it odd that I lost the casino urge since I started "investing"
So we’re getting the 1400 to make the 2k we were promised whole??
This is the top
He totally had to reaquisition that last creamer outta mean genes coat pocket.
do it man and dont look back,

been watching this shit for years
the best thing will be when Tesla or another large company merges with LAC to finance the thacker project. Im telling you this shit is going to the moon 🚀
I don't think THCx has holdings in the biggest US cannabis companies! They seem to like the accessory plays: Grow Gen, Scotts Miracle, Greenlane as well as a bunch of Canadian operators.
[deleted]
[removed]
No free money bud
Pretty sure TSLA has already reached the moon
But nobody's ever heard of Video Games Etc, mate.
You'll feel so much better. I wanted to fight everybody for awhile but it gets easier. The nicotine lozenges really helped me. I still use them when I drink or have a bad craving.
This is the way
Smart advice I’m just trying to learn the language
Downvote brigade in full force.
Yeah im gonna have to stop you right there
All of a sudden everyone into spacs... where were y’all last year tho...🤡
they recently deleted like 90% of good videos
Charging stations are no problem easy pz, issue is battery tech
Student loans and no degree? Me too, retards unite
Here is some simple DD for you guys. Stocks are not at all time highs, with the amount of stimulus pumping into the economy the stock market is just barely keeping up like that fat friend you brought on a hike with you but are now regretting it. Once stimmy stops then we can catch up then we can crash, 2-3years from now. Solid DD
Futures should, but fuck trading stocks 24/7...need sleep
Lol
You mean, every *retail* retard in existence. If institutions are selling, then you’re fucked!
Squirt a tube of toothpaste on a plate and tell him to put it back in the tube....then tell him to stop being a fucking idiot.
Every time Steelers look like they’re gonna catch a break, Browns just power through.

Steelers are bears, Browns are bulls.
[deleted]
Sell news and pump starts again Wednesday ?
[deleted]
You got it! Keep it up.
It’s green Jesus Christ be content
4 days you’ll be on the down slope.  Get some baby carrots to munch on...
I'm assuming he is referencing QE low interest and a falling dollar forcing the market up?
This place still has a hard-on for corn?!
the browns got come on their backs?
We’ll see 😶
Good thing I bought it for cheap
I made 300$ off PSTH so we’re in very similar situations 🆙💰

Edit: Hey numb skull! I didn’t sell because of this post and now my 300$ is only worth 80$! Thanks for the DD asshole!
Not nearly everyone thinks that, just a few 🌈🐻 who won't shut up.
Its not proper DD unless it has 🚀🚀🚀🚀 15 paragraphs takes up way to much time for both parties.
PNS
Either you’re gay or your girl is ugly enough to make you wish you were.
Damn you read my mind, that was my plan, I’m just gonna wait for a red day on SPACs so that I can get some nice ones for cheap
PLTR used to track rioters down??
[removed]
Have you seen QS sir?
I'm hearing HYLN is installing a hybrid powertrain system on Joe Biden to make him more energy efficient
😂
Shorting S&P VIX futures at 23.62 is free money
1 TSLA 1 FNGU check in a year
I’m in New Zealand, so I have some time on Saturday morning to move.
It took about 3 months to finally click, and stop even thinking about them when I stopped. You can do it bro, it's worth it. But it didn't go away overnight
[removed]
OP makes a good point, Enron never happened after all
I don't think anything beats the [The Ultimate Warrior](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q46l70mNmCw) trying to pump GME.
[deleted]
I don’t see that anywhere on arks holdings ? Can you send a link
[deleted]
I agree with whatever this guy says :)
Imma thinking of buying 10 1/23 GM 65c tomorrow. GM is going to have 30 electric vehicles by 2025. Their entire marketing strategy is centered around moving to EV. Even changed their logo. Very bullish on GM.
Yeah.  I have no idea either.  I’m ok with it though.
[deleted]
This is the way
I joined WSB cause I though it was a kinky dating website with DD's / puts / pappy pow / everything is gay and sucks.
I'm a little disappointed
Interested to see what happens with social media both short and long run now that they’ve just made such a big power display.
Warrants and shares, that is all. I think I posted them.
One guy definitely equals the Chinese government infiltrating your investment subreddit, this would be sad if it wasn’t so fucking funny
Well that's about enough time I've spent conversing with someone who is insane.

Have a great night! Best of luck to you! Medication and turning off your Fox lies and hate channel might help.
[deleted]
That sounds like you're assuming there won't be a shutdown if things keep getting worse. The holidays have become a new ATH for cases.
It’s called YOLO for a reason
[deleted]
tl;dr

The CPI at 2% is  BS.  [http://www.shadowstats.com/alternate\_data/inflation-charts](http://www.shadowstats.com/alternate_data/inflation-charts)

Assets that can't be manufactured at scale inflate much faster, because technology is deflationary. SO OWN THOSE ASSETS!!! Stocks, realestate, metals... whatever. 

Who cares about the cost of netflix or sliced bread if no one can buy a house or afford education and healthcare??
Lots of awards flying.
Thanks bro
Biden stimulus breakdown:

1.	$2T overall economy 
2.	$1T Green energy 
3.	$500B TSLA Calls
1000 c would print 

1190 possibly
They were done from the first snap
I'm his manstress. he likes to ride my BBC (Big Black Can-Am).
Weird flex, but ok
Youre subjective view of something enjoyable is exactly that, subjective.
Good good. I figured there was more to it, you seem smarter than that lol. I didn’t read the whole post so I’m sure you mentioned that.
Except it has a slower quarter mile. It’ll get gapped by the lowest spec Huracan in a roll race
They award you with more margin afterwards
OP IS A FUCKING SUCK ASS!
Hey kids, VXX puts will be an easy money play tomorrow
Bad form
I'd say at least $10 a share
Dividends are expected to slowly rise over time with quarterly/annual increases. A sudden, unanticipated dividend increase is a commitment to investors. The company is now expected to continue paying this higher dividend and increase it even further in next few years. A buyback allows the company to return extra cash to shareholders with no such promise of a greater share of future profits.

A dividend increase is like getting COLA on your paycheck. You get more money, but it's totally expected.

A buyback is like finding $100 on the ground. Fuck yeah!
Yup, but to me seems like the music is starting to stop and those meme OTM leap buyers are gonna get hurt within a couple weeks, and we're about 100-130 SPX points away from an intermediate top, potentially longer term. If we get down to that 3215-3250 area, wouldn't be surprised to see Powell come out and say they're gonna start buying stocks. If that's true, will have to adapt. But if not, I'm confident in my thesis. GL, appreciate the actual convo and not just "WRONG ONLY BUY STONKS", lmao.
Thats my secret play too but i got out of it for RIOT & ima get clapped hard at open.. i have a 1/29 30c & 3/19 35c. Praying for us bro
A special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) is a “blank check” shell corporation designed to take companies public without going through the traditional IPO process.
💎🙌 young blood!
Because somebody knows something. The timing was weird. Or maybe another big player getting into the game?
Not a bad idea.
Lies.
Oh nice! It sounds delicious I love wagyu, I imagine the brisket is amazing.
I like how Ben looks like he put his eye black on only because his mother told him he had to 🤣
Get engaged. It’s a monsoon and ur in a submarine
Why did $BABA dump in HK??
Nio's getting upgrades already, congrats to those with calls 👍
so wrekt
And none of them are investments also. So why equate buying a car to an investment? No one buys a car (unless it’s a classic like the f40 that nah appreciate in value) as an investment. You get it for its utility and/or for entertainment.
icln leaps are at 66% volatility, they are not low lol
kneeeeee guuuuuuuuhhhh
How many WSB actually $ROPE after losing it all on YOLOs
You got $1200 from the stimulus. What’s the gamble tomorrow morning? Calls? Buying shares in a SPAC?
He is right,  a quick pump on weeklies can triple his money at market open
Tomlin and ben gotta go
Should I sell some icln 1/22s for some 2/19s
[deleted]
I know literally nothing and I know this is retarded
Are we supposed to do the diamond hands thing with physical cars too? 💎✋
Options you dongus
People who buy call spreads on Tesla are the same people who go to six flags just to ride the kiddy rides smh
😂
[removed]
Only if you paperhand that shit.  Let it RIDE...
Dont hit your sister
Top is in
Calls on BNR, CCK, PNS, and DCK tomorrow
[removed]
Never trade in the Chinese knowledge without knowing someone there. There's a reason I told people this is peak autism.
Right, but do you know just because someone gives you an opposing view they're not necessarily bashing you right? You're kind of a dick head. Don't talk to me
BFT is a potential 10 bagger IMO
When you sleep.  Plug that shit in...   🔌📲👍
Damn did you were what happened? Heart attack or stroke?
All of his spacs start with “ipo” and end with a letter of the alphabet. D and F are the ones without a target so far as far is I’m aware. 

He’s planning on going all the way to z, but he’s at F as of now
I'll buy them from you on Thursday, before close, after Theta gets done wrecking the b-hole
I collect opals... They are pretty
Missing the chance to say “more than you can afford pal”   Sad sad day
Rip
Lol at least 4 companies have it and none of them are tesla. You are the most uninformed naive child out there and link after link of knowledge has been proving you wrong. Wake. Up.
Wait another 3 months for people to realize that we won't even have the rest of the doses to vaccinate people until July. 

That's when I'm going back in on airlines stocks after I dropped them in December.
[deleted]
Short squeeze tomorrow, you say? I’m all in! 🤩
Beating covid with vaccines and warmer weather with easing down lockdowns seem like a huge catalyst to me 🤷‍♂️ silly bear
Best decision of your life my man.  Been there, you will not regret it.
Don't get my hopes up
Y’all ever wonder how anyone thinks they could fuck with you? Like look at my track record. Stop  internet LARPing kids. You need to go to college for this
Is this off-base for ICLN: once the 1/15 calls expire the February calls will jump in demand for people looking for a short term inauguration speech play.
Is your wife u/dhsmatt2?
those Weasley twins?
I thought i was the only one in SI. It has 🚀🌝
The Patch works.  Don't quit cold turkey if you can't get over the irritability and cravings.
Academics say the same. Autism (and schizophrenia) are being favored by the natural selection RNG gods.

https://journals.plos.org/plosgenetics/article?id=10.1371/journal.pgen.1006618
Lost all my sports bets today. Here’s hoping my tsla 1190c prints tomorrow
So what happens when I get the Margin Call achievement in Robin Hood?
LARPing 😂😂😂
Where do you find this
I sold them as part of the spreads.  They will continue to go negative as the stock increases, but then the theta will decay to zero near expiration.

Selling 30c against my long calls allowed me to take substantially more positions.  I’ll 4x my play on those.
Really thought the Steelers were catching some steam but looking pretty bleak right now
Are we not in a bull run?
Me too, bro. Gang gang
💦
What is up with everyone getting these awards?
Probably getting into vaccine distribution.
i’m gunna beat my wife in the morning if clsk tanks
Stupid ass article. We don't innovate shit. 😂
This is pretty common. See Toyota and Lexus or Old Navy and Banana Republic.  

Consumers of high end brands don’t like the common folk people sport the same brands. Even if those things are made by the same company!!
[removed]
Lol at least 4 companies have it and none of them are tesla. You are the most uninformed naive child out there and link after link of knowledge has been proving you wrong. Wake. Up.
Butt-$PLUG
You alone, make the most fomo of all buys, are the reason it will crash on Monday. Damn
IPO+Letters
They upgraded ENPH to 250 let’s fucking gooo
Lmao I’m sure the side affects aren’t worth the benefits 

Hell yeah they’re the first concert I saw it was life changing. Almost got trampled on the way out when they incited an anti trump rally in 2016
Sector rotation into stupidity.
Corsair breaking out this week . Look at that chart... sexiest thing I think I’ve ever seen...
[deleted]
lol why?
The Fed slowing down. Anything else is a dip to buy.
[deleted]
thats all of them
Until it starts peeing where it’s not supposed to.
[deleted]
Glad I bought RIOT 0DTEs otherwise I would’ve held that shit over the weekend lmao
scale down its costs to lose slightly less money?
fucking Kevin...
Where’s the $TSLA LEAPS guy?
Can't even move the needle on pltr.
Go and buy 100 shares of ICLN and help us out
This is not new info for this sub lol
What do you mean, every companies earnings report from now to infinity is going to be bullish.
Stay strong!  First 1-2 weeks are the worst.  Feel like a cig?  Drink water
are you me? did the same thing Friday. Average cost is 882
Love the math
Fuck bro I feel for you <3
[deleted]
I've moved 20k to cash Thursday when SPY hit 380. Anticipating at least a small correction by EOM
He just said trillions in stimulus. That's a hell of a lot reasons for the market to pump.

Edit cause I can't spell.
Fucker jumps back and forth between web and r/Conspiracy
Sorry I'm back but holy fuck the idea that Simon parkes is gonna move the market with his word of mouth

ITS FUCKING NUTS🤡🤡🤣
Baby, You’re so money and don’t even know it! 🚀
Snagged 845K more shares on Friday after the big drop. It’s in ARKG.
 Green by open 🥱
Give it a week they need to buy before the top is in
IPOE up 15 potassiums on the Kazakstan Exchange
You can do it buddy!!
BULLS IN DENIAL
It’s the sign of brilliance.
u/deepfuckingvalue we love you!!
I wouldn't be able to sleep if I were you but rooting for ya big homie
I mean, they’re shares so you’re not that fucked really.  

Your patience will most likely be tested, however.
 *shoves healing crystal up seventh chakra
How do I find all the chamath SPACs that haven't mooned yet
[deleted]
Yeah dude. The pussy the least attractive part tbh. I love to eat and fuck it but it’s objectively not sexy
[deleted]
nicotine gum dude
Can the next stimulus be COLA?
Might be a dip but as long as you can hold for 3 months you’re good!
Solid dd I'm in
Your fucked
Yeah everything in moderation. If you can’t compartmentalize at least to fuck your girl, it’s weighing too hard on your mind. Whenever it gets too stressful for me, it’s usually because I’ve got too much leverage. You have to be comfortable with both red and green days. If the prospect of a red day is like terrifying that’s a bad sign.
[deleted]
You would think bears would've learned by now futures don't mean shit, guess they gonna learn again by open
[deleted]
Good shit man, be proud
Up $800 today
You bought the top.
🚀🚀🚀🚀
When CPP is done loading up BABA that’s when it will moon to $420
Don't worry about it. I'm going to be over your house giving your wife some late night tutoring. I can see you after that. About 4 am work for you?
30 by EOD Monday you said?
the only "dem titties" i want to see are aoc's
Your ree ree shit positions will go great with your yee yee ass haircuts
Wouldn't you like to be a pepper too?
mcjoe
I really like the new Dr Pepper mixed with cream soda
You will be okay

Up another Toyota tomorrow
Aight let’s go 1000c for Tesla first dip in the morning. Right around 9:40 AM
ur good just hold
Shank him immediately
Chop chop chop, snnnnooooooooort
WSB is 80% people with $1,000 LARPing that they have $100,000

We all know you only have 25 GME and 25 PLTR Kevin
No worries, you’re golden
Why
Steelers comeback dead
PSTH - the silver fox’s mega Spac. Also sounds like a beer opening
I wallstreetbets you they are
Well, now you have confirmation.
I lol'd
[removed]
Not fukt unless you got 🧻 mid day tomorrow.
Tomorrow we will hear the sound of thousands of NIO retards bustin a nut.
is she invested in it ??
I mean if TSLA starts dropping that thing with 10x in a day
Pleas fly again
Use the ETFs THCX, YOLO, and MSOS to get strong exposure to the entire US weed market. 

My position: Long 17 shares of YOLO and 1 call on APHA. I’ll buy fuck tons of YOLO once Merrill Edge stops banning it.
Ccp ban
You are fuk
I feel seen
Bro if bill ackman takes them public id nut myself
Yeah the options aren’t in your favor right now lmao
[deleted]
Never go full EBITARD bro (r+d expense)
What do the Chinese think of GAC cars there?  It trades for a buck and they are supposed to be coming out with a graphene battery.
Unless you want him gang banged then yes, you might want to have word with the kid.
Prices in plus no further catalysts for bull run
[removed]
That would be sweet
ICLN is good too boss
Anyone else been telling their friends about tesla just for them only now to be interested in it, like what the fuck.
Lmt patented a compact fusion reactor.
He was CEO of ServiceNow.
but this cant be the only thing there developing right??
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Connorlunn35 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
AYRWF
Lmao yeah I made sure not to leave it too fatty- made that mistake on the last one. It was still good af but it made you sick if you ate more than a couple slices.
Are we pretending Biden isn’t owned by the CCP?
[deleted]
Stay the hell away from that goofy looking thing.
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kjjsaa/wsb_vs_citron/

I laugh every single time I watch that.  That post is fucking hilarious.
Damn and I just sold half of my shares.
Research analysts time is expensive, avg analyst will make 150k a year (that's straight out of school). And ultimately research's demand is driven by the consumer, there was most likely little institutional demand last year (as they approached bankruptcy at one point) they probably now just reinstated coverage due to demand. This also is the reason why we are seeing CNBC, Forbes, the financial Times etc covering NIO now whereas that was unheard of a year ago. Other banks like deutsche kept coverage and MS as well. That's my 2 cents I could be wrong of course.
Every retard in existence will buy the Tsla dip. You’ll be fine.
[deleted]
They have like 40 other drugs in pipeline. This is easily back to $100 within a few months. I bought the dip in shares and put in some $90c for June.
yes you can
[removed]
This is literally the only sub keeping me on reddit. I have a feeling there are plenty of other retards here in the same boat.
yes please save my pfe calls
It's kinda insane how reddit generally hates Trump but simultaneously falls for his propaganda of how China is the boogeyman. Unbelievable how anything that slightly mentions China just gets shat on... watch us being called a CCP shills for this.
TTCF
[deleted]
Yeah a lot of people do. I don't have FOMO for anything, I'll catch the next wave. That being said, if I'm not in a SPAC by $15, I just move on
It’s an etf. The purpose is diversification. If you want more tsla exposure buy tsla
Y’all just take advantage of futures to talk shit on the opponent. I dig it.
silly, a cold ipa on a hot summers day is deelish!!
It's not biased
I sold 12.5 1/15 calls when it was at 9 bucks a few weeks back because, why not? Lol 20+ here we go... too expensive to roll so someone’s making bank off my covered call and I’m getting like 300.
I'll keep posting this in every "Tesla bubble" thread:  


We don't care about them fucking cars. I don't buy shares of tesla because of faggy electric vehicles. It is the only public access point to papa Musk's insanity, that's what's driving the price. They could be making zero cars and have no plans to make any more ever again and the price would keep going up. The entire point is to treat this as a gigantic Kickstarter campaign to make humans multi-planetary.
That’s what I’m here for
It gets new wheels and tires this week.
My goodness, he must have bought those 19MAR $30s at the wrong time. Guessing after an IV spike, probs early December before the Collison tweet.
Open is his best shot
Hmmm GME is it?
hey where are my 5G Nokia bulls?

wtf is up with this stock, i may have to buy leaps again
Oof. Tough scene 
https://themarketplunger.com/2019/05/26/when-models-fail/amp/?__twitter_impression=true
+5.65%
Bruh
I have 4 of those but do u know theta is gonna fuck us
[deleted]
It’s volatile but long term far from random
When are your office hours I’m going to need some extra help
I would smile but I got a Kratos like beard. I’d look like an idiot. Lmao
Lol why does everyone think a crash is coming ? Biden talking about trillions in stimmies
I can’t see Tesla not hitting 1T market cap 🤷‍♂️
CLOV 🍀 BY OPEN
🤣🤣 that’s funny bro. You got any plays for next week?
Usually my deposits take at most 2 days to complete, I’m guessing this one taking it’s sweet time.
Need more clarification on this DD please
[removed]
We don’t actively foment insurrection of the gov on here, we just call each other retards. It’s alittle different
[removed]
Which means it can never be negative..to the moon!
Nice.  My only regret was doing shares when I first got into this.  The spread plays are amazing, especially when you consider the prices floors.
I’m still up almost 200% since 11/1. 

Jealousy is a bad look friend
Just got back from a date. It was really nice not knowing futures are blood red
If we can go ahead and rotate from TSLA to NIO that would be great.
[deleted]
Ok boomer
bruh just let cohen pivot them to selling dog food his last dog food company is worth 40b now if he pivots gamestop to dog food and gets it to even just 5b we will all get 5x our money even without a squeeze
The autism thing is suppose to be a joke....
☘️—>🍀
all in on clsk hopefully i don’t get my cheeks clapped tomorrow. I have a feeling it’s gunna have a 20% pullback max :(   I have June calls
You realize 35M shares is like 3.5% of the entire float of 1b shares outstanding. Who cares
Ah yes the four 🚀🚀🚀🚀 strategy I like the way you think 🧐
I am sorry that generally every time $B has sold off huge is bad news for Stonks too...
This thread has been an interesting mix of shitting on AAPL and pumping GOEV
Holy apple +2% in Europe exchanges. Here we go!!!!
That would be hilarious if they had that. Since, you know, they don't actually have the ability to do it unlike Tesla which is already in beta testing.
Big gains all around
This sub is 80% people with $1000 pretending they have $100,000

$5000 gang represent
At least make fun of the little fucker
Probably talk to him. That’s a sh1t life.
[deleted]
Correct.

SRPT 1/2022 130c is, in fact, free money.

Their 30+ other therapies in their pipeline are still brewing, but buyer beware, gene therapy in general, can be a dicey play.
`PLTR` is a friggn' 1984/Vader style company. Specializes in spying and is corrupt to boot. Even autists wanna be on the light side of the force.
Me too fam. The only thing worth collecting.
haha
Anyone buying up LGVW?
"my brain can only handle so much DD before I go all in" - autist on the right
[bag holding intensifies]
Yes. I’m at 100 shares rn and another 200 if I take assignment on 25p monthlies. 

Rumors of Pltr demise have been greatly exaggerated
Honesty isn’t. I’ve found many stocks nobody talks about and charted them well. 

You just have to add the element of “stocks only go up” & you’ll be good ;)
BULLS R FUK
it does spell disaster
I’ll pay you 50 dollars for a blow job so you can buy more
Harambe died for our sins
TTCF
The did that keeps on dipping
I feel bad for BA, everytime you think they're gonna catch a break some foreigners figure out how to crash another plane
The last time a crash happened we ripped to all time highs for the next 9 months
I think the idea is they're trying to keep it hushed up until the tech can be reverse engineered.

If China had anti grav tech first we'd all have little red books by next week.
The blondes shaking her head acting like she is agreeing with his numbers 😂
What’s 25k?
Dunno what this means but I'll keep it in mind
Oh behave ;)
Guh
I own 500 shares. Bought it when it was $2.83 in March. Wondering if I should pull out or ride it out...
Rona 2: electric boogaloo
Child, Bill Clinton signed NAFTA into existence in 1993, the most directly destructive piece of legislation to manufacturing unions since their inception. Part of why the rust belt is now swing states is because the party decided to naively chase globalization with no real protections for the inevitable outsourcing that followed and abandoned many in their constituencies who used to have real jobs, so that CEOs could make 400x an average worker. 

Don’t blame this all on one party, neoliberalism did just as much damage as greedy republicans.
I was really considering that at a point I think I’m so addicted to turning money into more money that it’s interfering with my life I need to get that under control
According to the top comments and best looks like ICLN is the move
My man
100% you making money. Sell at open otherwise expiration might fuck you.
Naw they still don’t owe shit. And in this case free speech https://www.uscourts.gov/about-federal-courts/educational-resources/about-educational-outreach/activity-resources/what-does does not include the

>the right to incite  actions that would harm others

Also the first amendment says that congress shall not make laws that infringe on free speech, not private social media companies lulz
dumbest shit I’ve ever heard
Was seeing lots of people selling on Twitter after it hit $40k. Not surprising.
Thank you I’m going all in on FDs now lol. 

I’m serious
Same
 

Let's see .. if you had the time to go through my post history you should also see my 2020 range rover and a 2019 amg that I drive, so what is that $150K in cars ?

also my 5000 NIO shares at $5.50 cost basis says hi .. in 2 years i'll stop working I guess.

And Yes, I hate disgusting losers like you who make $10k off TSLA and **never bought a single TSLA** share myself. Have fun being a middle class bitch for the rest of your life.

P.s working from home as a CPA making $140k/year as a Controller while you collect stim checks you pathetic nobody.

P.s.s I saw your shitty condo btw ... haha how's living in a 1bdr condo treating you ?????????????????????? rofl
Do we have any details on their US position? I only know about the US headquarters but not really any of the strategy.

I agree about the spike and drop. If it reaches the same hype as before I'll likely exit before pure execution mode. I think we are some distance away from peak hype though.
disagree...2022 buy that 500 spy call in comng weeks for 1/2022.... in nov or dec... cash out buy puts...
But why 10 instead of say 50
That's it I'm all in on aerotyme industries see you 🐻🌈 on the moon fgts
This realization came to me recently (and driven home after the China post)...I bet a lot of claims in here are completely fabricated
Hey guys, Jack Ma here- I’m safe and doing well. 

Just a heads up, don’t buy calls.

*sent from iPhone made in Uyghurs Concentration Camp*
It's already green
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
If PornHub went public I would give $5 handjobs behind 711 to buy more shares
Enough with this astrology BS
[deleted]
These days, the comment section is a lot more interesting then the porn itself.
Just what a bot would say... 🤖
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ouch. i burned my hand on that take
It's all built on logical fallacy. Pump and dump until at doesn't I guess
I think this has been the most reasonable take I’ve seen
ARCT to the mooonn
Number 4 u crazyyy
GME is still a thing.
Seems inevitable imo. I personally wouldn’t bet on it holding long term but a weekly for it will print. It’s what I’m doing. Not sure what the strike is for $1T so I’ll figure it out tomorrow before I buy lmao
Yes this guy is LOL
JESUS CHROIST!

*WE LOVE YOU GAWD*
the sky is blue
No 2008 was caused by the poors and teachers unions per the Tea people.
Fuck it I’m doubling down on GOEV shares tomorrow
Not at all this just happens every weekend like clockwork
I would like a ticket sir, I need to be around other retards. This sub has been good for my mental health...terrible for my wallet but at least I can laugh about it.
I get it, and I undwestand your sentiment, but I don't see this as a boomer stock or something they are interested in. I could be wrong
Simps. Simps errwhere
I literally can’t read
NIO to the moon!
Ban
Gay
Another one?
Nothing. I forgot about the PDT rule and didn't realize I had passed it for like 2 months - there's probably a lesson there.
[removed]
The reason Twitter is going down is purely political though..
it's most likely used though?
Let me teach you some Finance my lovely WSB autists. Green futures mean that bears are fuk. Red futures mean bers are still fuk.  End of class.
on 1/15 they will receive the ROD (record of decision) that gives them the green light to move forward with the building of the lithium mine in the Thacker Pass Nevada

Largest lithium reserve in the US

200 miles away for the Tesla battery giga factory
Wish they had a driver positioned screen either to replace or be in addition to a center screen - like they have in S and X... it’s the only reason why I won’t buy a 3 or a Y...
Near Nav? Sleep like a baby lol
Been underwater on put credit spreads for a while on this, 1/15, so went balls deep in long calls Friday but now looking like my spreads will be saved and my calls will make me more rich
Nina Hartley
there is only one way

refill your stash of tenders, epic memes, and prepare for the last stand. wallstreetbets is not going out without a bang. ride this thing to valhalla
[deleted]
GRVY
Yes and 3 kids
Just remember that future traders have no stamina. They take viagra and only last 2 minutes. We’ll be green by open!
Lol, this guy is using the official Reddit app
C L O V me
[deleted]
I wanna say Cathie Wood loves SRPT.
You're assuming the final top was made.
[deleted]
For real 💪.  Been waiting for the dip playa
Youre the hero those asshats dont deserve
Thinking Srpt calls but a little tricky in short term . Read that they crashed because they failed to make progress in DMD research where they were considered market leader . Investors might need more triggers to jump in who knows 

DMD is a disease with no known cure and ls very rare . Worst part is hereditary. I lost my cousin to it 😞. I hope SRPT do end up figuring out the cure
Mortgage delinquencies have ticked up a percent or so (according to Fred). Nothing to worry about but we’ll have to see if the trend continues 

CC loan delinquencies have plummeted actually.

New 48 month loan on cars are averaging 4.8% APR. everything seems to be chugging along pretty fine to me
oof as someone who is a failed musician it fucking Stings
That truck you bought makes us all think you have a small penis
Nope. You can see the assumptions here:  https://ark-invest.com/articles/analyst-research/tesla-price-target/
[deleted]
Wife wants a new kitchen - 25k is always the trigger
This would be funnier if people trying to make first contact with tribes in PNG hadn't been killed by arrows.
[removed]
I think PSTH will merge with Chick Fil A -> let's be honest Burger King, Subway, Bill Ack already told use he loves food. Nice Chicken Sandwich with 10 billion Revenue and fastest growing food chain. Not a bad investment.
Watch out, buddy of mine got one for Christmas and he said he wished he’d trimmed more fat off it. Apparently it was so fatty it was almost inedible.

And this dude has gout so it ain’t like he’s afraid of fatty foods lol
Downvote brigade time
Twitter won’t go to zero... it can scale its costs to fit its new life post-Trump. Fucking MySpace is still a website you can visit. 

Twitter will partner with some stupid fucking video platform that looks like tiktok and it’ll be the same old shit. Young people don’t want Facebook, snap is too private and tiktok/YouTube is not the replacement. 

Twitter will be fine. Republicans as a whole will move towards the center to counter the far left (and stay within the tech bans) which will cause a landslide republican win after Biden is done with his two terms or dead. 

TL;DR - without a replacement for Twitter, it’s not going anywhere.
This is 10% luck
You kidding? That's gay as fuck. Pussy is magnificent to look at, the lippier and looser the better
Green by open
Weird amount of professional smokers coming out of the woodwork here 😟
[deleted]
ehh id honest just do april 16
These “can’t go tits up” vids make me nervous
China has finally reported over  100  new covid cases in a day. 🤡🤡
They just failed a single test/got mixed results and went down 50%, don't get me wrong i'm bullish on them as well but if they fail a couple of more tests it's fucked
13,041 buddy
If you in stonks, just hold. May go down but it's got from here and until you die to recover.
wtf are you talking about. They lease a factory from JAC and it's all Nio workers on the floor.
I heard the rhinos they sell at the gas station behind the counter work wonders...

Also fire name, some of the best rap performances I’ve seen
Y-you just wait until demo day! You'll see!
[deleted]
Nice man, never sell. I regret dumping my 130 dca when it stalled at 180 a while back. If we get back to 175, I'm in again
market over reaction and might be an opportunity like arct
😘
[removed]
Normie friend actually interested in tesla now? Top is in.
The redheaded twins dressed as maids pop out of the cake and take off their clothes
DEEZ
I think it's a fair assessment. Constellation does seem like they are in for the long haul so I doubt they let canopy become irrelevant. And if they get into the US and start tossing around some muscle it's gonna be wild
Why’s it feel like everyone has a low cost basis once a stock starts doing badly?

You guys wouldn’t *lie* would you?
Read absolutely nothing but that truck is a beauty. Congrats and good luck soldier
Because it's managed. 10% limit
How sure are you about that?
[removed]
[deleted]
Stimmy talks going well
Think you're looking for this

https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x359dd
I don't use it but I'mma delete my account for the cause lmao
TWTR is a horrible stock to play either direction. Save yourself the headache and ignore that mess
[removed]
>Strategize

Is that what we are doing? I thought we just 🚀🚀🚀🚀
What is the rationale behind the market being weak?
Holy shit BABA mooning
Thursday
Check this post below

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ksvs7p/serious_dd_canoogoev_and_the_potential/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
What time we green by
thursday i think
What libraries are not on python3 yet, and have no alternative?
[deleted]
WSB: Origins
I am OVERLEVERED in Bangbus and other SPACs, how am I looking come tomorrow open?
Already do? 2k iPhone??
Brakes sold separately
Lmao I hope you don't watch that shit
Happy to help.
as of this moment, if they bought before wednesday they're still up
This. At some point you have to spend the money. If the guy lives in NJ and commutes to the city he may have a shitty commute and want to enjoy his ride there. Don’t understand all the haters.
[removed]
Nice
I called the president of Mexico he is insisting they will not pay for it
And that would be a fair strategy. You can leave it to ARK to decide when Tesla has run out of steam and to reduce concentration. Arbitarity putting a cap when share price is nowhere price target seems to be a bit weird.
\+5.55
Up 4.20%
All signs from the ufo tracking community point to antigravity propulsion, which makes everything else look like the shit that falls out of a horse.

What do you even need carbon nanotubes for when you flip a switch and say "I'd like to go to the moon for brunch?"
Idk bro but I’d gladly sell it to some retard
That's 3
a wagyu brisket? please post pics when done!
i mean mango man could still cause some issues.  mid-east is always weird.  UK is separating.

realistically if inflaction shows up we're F'd
With the added challenge: avoiding margin call while TSLA jumps another 50% before finally tanking 95% a week after your puts expire
Impossibru
Fuck spaces, all my homies use tabs
$40 eow
BOFA upgrades NIO to 70
[deleted]
‘splain plz....
That’s why I don’t buy, shit is totally fuckin random
My bad sorry everyone that bought BUTCORN this week
Ever vigilant, this is the way.
-8%
Press conference Thursday
Twitter is going to lose 20 million accounts in less than a week.
[deleted]
Thinking same, 2023 leaps
[deleted]
Jack ma will be punished to the fullest extent of the ccp law. He has been a naughty boy 😈
ICLNed my spacesuit for this trip to the moon. 🚀
yeah dude, dicks are handsome. Am I right?
Twitter puts you fucking monkeys
Not even the blue pills can save his dick from his dumb plays lmao
Harambe and Jack Ma died for this
Tesra
Little do they know that cat costs more than their annual rent. 🐈 My cat is my world. 🌎
There's was a solid few weeks a couple months ago when we pumped the tits off of NIO and PLTR I made so much money it was amazing
Also, I’ve gotten some wagyu picanha and that shit is decadent. Going to make some this week
Last time I smoked a ~12lb brisket I had a stall for about 2.5hours. Ended up being a 14 hour smoke instead of the 10-12 I was planning on. Moral of the story: Diamond Hands. That wagyu is going to be juicy AF
I've been seeing them posted about lot lately. I don't know much actually but hype as def gone up and they are debt free as of December 21 or 22 it was. And super cheap per share.
Imagine people waiting in line outside an Apple Store for a Hyundai with a touch screen.
My march 19 tsla puts are hoping so. My dec spy calls hope thing pop back up.
You're getting pretty tense huh
Sound like you got fomo
Interestingly, my MARA shares are up 492% while my $B is only up 240% right now...  likely to change a bit tomorrow, however.
If we dip first thing Monday buy them back. It might be your only chance. We could get some bullshit 30% gain this week
An approved license to drive L4 and L5 in Some jurisdictions.
I'm willing to bet a small portion of my play money portfolio on something that could vault upwards. If not, no big deal. 

Nah, I'm not upset about my "investment" at all. I'm literally *betting* on Cohen. And newly upgraded Buy ratings from multiple analysts show support is building for him outside of wsb too. 

Hell I could theta gang this shit for 5k more in probably 2-3 months even if it stays still or goes lower. Easy money.
People who hate money
Assuming China doesn’t fuck anymore bats I think the market should be fine
[removed]
I would love that
Wait what was that, Kandi to 20 this week?
5.34%
growing groceries vs farming. The mining itself is a separate race happening and these are the competitors.
We’ll see if it holds through mid-day
Everything is hindsight . You don’t know what the future hold .. it can go down to 2 dollars or rocket to 100 and when it’s at 100 we think ,” only if I brought at 29”....
Some of you have never been charged with resisting arrest and it shows
Yahh
Lol same and same.
SONO or CROX. it's a toss up.
First off nice truck and view. #2, i had over a mil in psth but closed it out around 26 because i assumed ackman was going to have a deal done by eoy. If its stripe i will personally have to fly to your house and we'll go pull some cattle around the hills and reenact broke back mt. Or something youd like. 

At least you didnt get a ford.
I keep selling puts on UVXY for fun. Never get assigned
Times are different now. A crash would be catastrophic. They can't let it happen. They'll print the dollar into the ground before that happens.
Anyone know when stimulus announcement comes out?
I’m gonna go ahead and do that man, thanks
This is delusional.

\-Gab and Parler are trash and have very poor user retention: Parler actually asks for a VERY suspicious amount of personal information, which is making people avoid it.

\- Center/left will meme whether or not Trump is on Twitter.  You overemphasize the importance of politics in people's social media lives.

\- Twitter is actively working on improving their monetization, potentially adding a subscription service of some time (re: OnlyFans) (source:wsb)

\- Twitter actually has an underappreciated moat:  Facebook is not popular among younger age groups, Instagram has been shedding users and interactions over the past few updates, SNAP offers very little interaction with a wide audience.
Its really pointless cuz Im a tile guy and trade on my phone
didnt WSB try to pump up GME and everyone got burned lol
Throw it in spacs at NAV so you still have upside potential
Can we get a trillion dollar market cap for Elon by EOW?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lg51JrFpLzk
Youre talking about players with weeklies im guessing
Still feelin lucky?
Dang HK 9988 u alright
All good. But actually, venmo me.
kinda like Toyota/Lexus, Nissan/Infinity. 

They want Nio to be Luxury and something out for the masses for the Nio owners will feel special.
No, you only have 6.5%. He was actually talking to you.
APHA and TLRY are merging so your APHA stocks become TLRY stocks and they are positioning themselves in the US. Unsure how successful it’ll be. 
My caveat with weed stocks is you’ll likely see what happened in Canada in that it spikes up and drops dramatically when people realize they can just grow their own. Adding in the US black market is more sizable than Canada I’m not sure this is a long term bull run.

I’m out after it initially passes.
VXX
CCP here
Stimulus coming. Might see a small correction before that. Than a pump for Stimulus. Maybe a year or longer as things open back up with covid vaccinations. 

But no doubt are we in a bubble. When it pops. I cannot say.
They’d still be up 15% if they bought beginning of this month... lol
I hope they rethink that. Made a small edit.
Charting is a waste of time
So 100% confident of everything 🤔
I would now that you mention it ...
[removed]
Yea imma look at it it’s been really
Solid for a while.
Can't argue with profit!
Damn Nasdaq really at 13,200. 😳😳
Trillions in stimulus coming. Signal vs noise
Apple car, pineapple car?
After that if you wrap in foil for 45-60 min you’ll be in great shape
It's kinda hard to right now, which means we are all about to get slaughtered
Bro can you read
You mean drawing random lines and bull flags with crayons doesn’t mean stonk go up?
Positions?
penny stonk BAN
It's interesting to think about. Honestly I don't fuck with PTON, Zm etc... seem like a joke to me, don't make money yet keep going higher even in 2021 - doesnt seem right.  Although I have to sadly admit,  risky options on meme stock are where the money is.
Oh damn...I saw “misses” and just assumed you were like 50

Yeah that’s no bueno bro...doesn’t hurt to make an appointment to get blood work done or something. Could be a hormonal issue or something.
Getting hammered.  But I am ready to pounce
Wait what is it, haven't seen anything?
Yeah we would still be poor
Jack ma has been a naughty boy
I remember CumFlakes and talking about it with you and how it has low volume😅
call me a degenerate or autistic but are long calls on srpt not free money??
[deleted]
[deleted]
Future you will thank past you
I dont think there are any leaks or we would've heard by now.
Bro.... I’m fucking weakkkk😂😂😂
Nothing
Lol so true. Memes gonna meme
Only 2 months ago it was going for $2 bro. Why do that to yourself?
Front desk just gave me free shit buy calls
GM still has not caught the ev or self-driving hype yet, despite being on track to being a major player in both
Not very educated on it, but not much of a fan. Canadian only right? Do they have a US strategy? What do you like about htem. 

I feel like craft cannabis still needs to prove itself -- I see some trends in Canada toward value/budget weed that would concern me.
I wanna jack off but the NIO chart ain’t moving. 

*Sigh* guess it’s porn then
Oh shit I was using pascals
fubo
Buy low, sell high...
60% of the time, he wins every time.
TNA
I collect tendies tho
BYD up 9% on hangseng....didn't check anything else lol
HUYA
This market is weak. Any powerful random event will bring it down. But the biggest worry IMO is rate hikes and fed decreasing balance sheet.
Tell me how they get their asses kicked in some countries. Show your thesis and I will explain to you like a five year old why you are wrong.
SI
Make sure to smile in all ur pics. Those mug shot pics a lot of guys do are a turn off.
We’re all retards son
Sorry *EVERYONE THAT BOUGHT BUTCORN THIS MONTH*...
Give me award daddy
Nice try Loki
Let’s be real, people would pay $2K for an iPhone without that, and already do.
like 300-400 years ago they would bleed people because they thought it cured them of ailments so maybe we're seeing a resurgence of that
[deleted]
Yes this is true. I am biased because I started following them and doing DD when they traded around 9 dollars. Cramer interviewed the CEO on back to back nights which literally NEVER happens and something about the way the CEO eluded to something big otw convinced me to invest at 9.
You do know I was conveying I believe TSLA will continue to do well especially because of the variables ahead..... right?
That M5 is about 110-120K usd before tax.. it isn’t some 50k hertz BMW lol
Or dump to $15. I think there are better plays worth holding
Short answer: no. 

Long answer? Also no.

Ber fuk
DBX has a docusign competitor acquisition and is trading under the industry multiple for a SAAS company
tldr pls
I like this because it’s also pumps AMD
Premature Espaculation.
I occasionally post charts on Twitter @wisetrashpanda
Yes but I am aksinf why they have that rule in the first place of they are so super bullish about Tesla?
Dude's Ligense
[removed]
A March TSLA $500p is $983 - who buys this shit?
Right on
Futures are red so red day incoming
Charting meme stocks is such a fucking waste of time
everyone just trades now days, who cares about gaming.
Liquid Thorium Flouride reactors > Fusion
I’m going in tonight with call as well
United airlines it is
Inches.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
Check the chart out there is litteraly no way this goes below what its at rn
Your welcome, anytime
Cuz they want a diversified port lol using that logic, why don't they just 100% TSLA and have its ETF just track TSLA.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Law_(economist)

Degenerate gambler and murderer from Scotland who built a national bank and stock exchange for France, which then caused a massive bubble that eventually burst and forced him to go into hiding.
I was just kidding you fucking dong Jesus
XLA?
It’s name is GME
Username checks out
Umass2016 fuks
Last time futures were this red was runoff election night and everything was green by 1030 the next morning
Chicks don't dig cat guys. Get it out your picture. Lmao
Bought them for 1.18
hope you're right dude i'm in TAN / RUN / ICLN
Say the words “stonks go up” in the mirror until you feel it in your soul
Hang Seng is up 0.7% yall. We goo
can you really not say "cuck" on /wsb?
Just like his SPACs
Lmao. How did you I was on that shit
[deleted]
I don’t think anybody saw March coming this time last year. If you play short term and always keep a cash reserve and set stringent stop losses, you should be ok.
[deleted]
Mouth can only take so much
Don’t do it
I need a Dr Pepper® right now
CCP right here
Not if you bought at $10
Apha
[deleted]
Is there a sub I can subscribe to that is only wrestling promos?
Nope. I make a little bit above the average but nothing spectacular. Pickings are just slim at the moment and I've been looking. I'm about to out trade my salary though, so there's some comfort there
what's the point of an ITM call vs shares...just trying to snag the fomo pump?
+3.67%
Not yet I’m no 🌈🐻
I.bought a bunch of shares. 

Any drop like that is an overreaction. 

May buy some calls depending on what it does this week.v
If Bidden starts Bringing up talks of Heavy taxations for big corp. in order to pay for his giant swinging stimmy.
who’s selling?
40% profit while your broke ass staring at busted spac calls but ok
Never having to look at the day trades left number.
kang gang week?
I can’t wait to pull out and be cash gang soon, this bull market is making my spider sense go off big time
Those numbers spell (upside-down)  5318008
[removed]
cost basis 12 dollars
I’m 21 I think it’s deeper than blue pills
I would bet institutional investment firms would shell out plenty of support to keep WSB alive.  For every person that makes money on this sub there are 100 others that lose theirs to the banks and hedge funds.
[deleted]
That's just what I'm about, no problem bro.
Link dat 🌈 shit
Only the day trading

Oddly enough as soon as you can you don’t want to as much
I added a ply to the toilet paper I buy
They need to make an iPhone with a battery life of 1 week..

I would pay 2k+ for that

Make it happen Tim Apple (maybe use papa Elon’s sPeCiaL BaTTeRiEs)
I love it. Reasonable argument with evidence - still gets called a racist.

America in 2021 for you.
This shit has made my dread of Monday’s completely disappear. Even when bleeding money my quality of life is better
its never the known things that get you
Your fancy lines dont mean shit retard
Gyna bad
Well yeah, I have a few grand in ICLN 32c 2/19 in my gambling account i’ll convert to more shares in a month or so

But when it comes to my actual account I stick to shares
not if you trade short term swings like me... I buy the dip (calls) then get out on the first swing up. 

I also buy puts on overextended rallies and get out after the first meaningful pull-back.
How bout we all stfu and agree on one stock and one move, the power we would have if we came together, wsb United we stand wsb divided we fall
Can someone ELI5? Isn’t the guy just telling the shorts to fuck off?
[removed]
Buying leaps tomorrow fuck you
RIOT went up by 1500% while bits went up 290%
TSLA
It’s really good just expensive af in terms of brisket. This one was $200 but honestly it’s worth it to at least try it a time or two. 

And good point. I normally keep it about 230-240, I bumped it to 250 about an hour ago but I might go ahead and do 45-60min at 270 or so
Yeah I’ve got 25 shares at $26 probably will hold long-term
APHA seems to be the r/weedstocks fave. They just bought Sweetwater Brewing in Georgia which is a pretty interesting approach to US exposure and the cannabis beverage play. They also will be merging with Tilray (already established meme) who has a partnership with Anheuser Busch, which is also has got to have some more synergies with the beverages
Bruh - They sold only 59K shares of TSLA in ARKK and 32K ish in ARKW - They are just adjusting their position and it’s not a sell off.
[deleted]
bubble bursting
Take that back right now
[deleted]
Can you explain this?
Ye Donny pumper gives
Putin nuclear codes
Ban
BMW is so ugly 🤮
Yo what is your take on sndl?
Just got a new 27'' curved monitor so I can see myself lose money in larger font all day. Top is in losers.
I lost it all
We’re not crashing until the Fed changes something.
Tell that to my 65 Veyrons
Lmao this sub is really full of retards
Nice to see something outside of GME, TSLA and SPACs for a change. Do you have any opinion on Lumen (Century Link)? 

I have a position because I think it's an interesting risk / reward with a proven management team, but I'm by no means fully confident
Calls on GME - aliens love video games 🚀 🚀
Awesome thanks bro.
Leverage
Everyone in here is callin OP a dumbass for saying the stock has to go down and now is prime time... that’s exactly what we are looking at. 

And it’s going to happen quick. Quicker than it went up. You’re gonna see a major sell off and it’s gonna trigger limit/panic sells across the board. Not to mention 1/15 is a major options expiration. 

I fully intend to buy puts Monday and I’ve been saying that all weekend. This is turning out to be a perfect storm come March that even the Titan that is Tesla likely can’t weather. 

Take some profits, you absolute morons. I know most of you are so fucking broke all you have is wildly OTM weeklies and 5 shares anyway. Just fucking take your money and buy back in a day after the big dip.
Hey fuck you
I feel attacked
Nkla
Investor buy into active management because they want gainz so if their pt for tesla are bullish it dosnt make sense to miss out on those gains.
My recent account suspension would disagree with you there
🤣 ? How about you collecting fd’s
Madeline Zima. californication
Coming out of weekend time to say this, anytime you see those crazy 100% look at the headquarters, wow it’s generally from China, they’re more than often pump n dumps. For the love of all, anyone shouting that is just trying to get you in that shit
I’m pretty sure it will.  My PT is for expiration.  I think Friday’s price action was a case of premature ejaculation.
Damn JPowell is gonna need to start buying shitc0in
I plan on holding it long term. I see substantial growth with it in the next 8 years.

I roll TAN gains into ICLN leaps. Plan is to buy dips and eventually exercise some and keep rolling. 

Unless a crash comes. Then I’ll load up on shares
agree
All the GME stores near me are shitty.
Understaffed,  customers wait 30+minutes to be helped.  Low inventory,  overpriced.  

By contrast,  Video Games Etc are all nice,  well stocked,  managed,  and the staff are better. 

Sample of two,  but it made me opt out of putting money into them.
[deleted]
Because it's biotech and if they fail you lose everything but go ahead this is a casino fucker
I always cave and crank the temp to give it it's final push but usually have it on for 15+ hours as well...
What changed when you hit 25k?
Also i have a collection of her vsco photos and some of the clothes in these photos are up for sale😋😋😋😋😋
Agreed so many posts saying Tesla is gonna crash but none of the posters have short positions or puts. Are you kidding? Positions or next. Tesla to Mars and I’m not selling one share
What’s the news with GOEV??

Edit: holy fuck I’m gon cum
It was hard coded into their model even if you entered 0 on everything lol. Dummy
What's that weird chemical aftertaste though? Preservatives?
Link pussy
The Chinese own this platform, has everyone forgotten that?
If there isn’t news by an hour after the bell, I’d say you’re 100% correct
I consider TSLA a bond, I purchase it and over the next 10 days it’s matured to double
Just eat her out and call it good.
Yes, but only on Parlor (until the 10th)
I've been holding CURLF since 7.72, up 76% right now but I only have 25 shares because im poor
Options allow for much larger share profit realization.
If it dips below 155 degrees, I'm getting puts on your brisket.
Ur gonna have to wrap... It has to get to like 200
Have you tried getting banged by dudes?
Thanks for sharing Bro and i agree as it is public information. please confirm if that is true for the private companies contracts also. As my post is related to agreements with private companies. And as I said, I don't know and I am eager to see the information to invalidate it. Why Palantir only has one O&G client? They account for >10% revenue, They should be seeking more clients in that space. Similarly in few other key sectors. It may be only the matter of time and I hope with new sales and marketing team, we see the results.
Wassuwassuuu wasuuu wasuuuuuuuuuuup
Why do you think I’m here. 🐻
Diversification
I squinted real hard to see if this spelt disatser. Am I retarded?
[deleted]
Unity did direct and by the time my order went in I got 66 a share instead of the 45ish opening.  The big boys had to wait because it was direct.  The price quickly went to 100 to 110 for a month or two, and then took off some more and hit 150.  The boomers still hold mountains of cash and they make serious price swings with their buying power.  Don't miss this just because the company makes more money.   This extra cash will boost their fundamentals which will also draw in serious boomer cash.  

TLDR: boomer fueled 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
What’s the most UNDER THE RADAR stonk at the moment?
You guys need some 'PP up' for freaking out
[removed]
You have fine taste. Gorgeous tatas
BLSP? Any opinions?
Liquidity bruh
Back out of plays like QQQM🤣
You can't buy puts on buttcorn
yes
same
Real talk. Is there anything real scary on the horizon that will cause any kind of covid type crash?  Something we know of I mean. I understand we can’t ever predict something like covid. 

I got into some YouTube wormhole that kept suggesting me micheal burry and Harry Dent mega crash predictions on a channel called Cooper Academy. 

Channel seems aimed towards perma bears but now I’m real spooked there’s a crash coming.
[deleted]
Nice car, what's the retail on one of those?
wrap that shit bubba...you could be in for a hell of a long wait if not

EDIT: you can unwrap it at the end and cook it for a few minutes to re-crisp the bark
Anyone feel like plug is getting unplugged tomorrow or is it just me
Get the blue pills bro
[removed]
Lol these kind of people make me laugh out loud. I made a killing on TSLA calls Friday. Look at this emotional ass trader. You're going to lose in the long run you little whiny bitch. I'd wish you luck like I do everyone else but you're a little fuck. Later nerd ✌🏼
So mad that I forgot to buy puts before close on friday
It doesn’t sound like you know what you’re looking at in futures 

Currently the MM has been providing liquidity from 765 and 820 on the NQ. We were supposed to revisit to give him a chance to exit. We didn’t. If we squeezed him out he will come back with a vengeance. Think last Monday.... exact same scenario
TELL ME WHY I SHOULDNT GO BALLS DEEP ON SRPT LONG CALLS ????
If NIO and GOEV go vertical tomorrow, I’m posting my seven digit returns, shit last month HCAC was a banned ticker
good q
What’s the NEXT meme stonk?
About him being adopted or "special" ?
[deleted]
Not even good porn, like porn you feel shameful about after firing your load
Is there going to be some covid consern dip left tomorrow? I went way to weak on the inserection dip. Or wait why is there a dip?
For infrastructure there is IFRA
Say that to every crisis in history, always is one retarded that fuck the others
There’s value in hearing Chinese perspectives so we should be careful to distinguish between CCP nazis and regular people. That said I didn’t spend a lot of time looking at their posts. All I’m saying is I hope we don’t dismiss all Chinese people talking stocks as being tainted by the CCP.
fly pleas
I honestly hope for a little pullback on psth. My purple spreads expire on the 15th and that frees up half a mill
Mods are good
Absolutely bruh. Don't steam that meat by wrapping it
Bears were getting cute then Biden drops muthafukkken 2k 🔨
For what stocks?
Wtf did that cost you?? 😂😂
Now back out regulatory credits sold to other mfr’s
21-24 year olds are gonna look for the biggest chad dick on the block. If you give out provider vibes you’re gonna get single moms who expect the world
[deleted]
Try matching with dudes
Bool is fuk
This isn't going to end Twitter, people have short term memory.

I don't love Jack Dorsey, but he's pretty good.

Twitter is incredibly fast and raw, people like that. It leans left sure, but the news is sooooo slow compared to Twitter. I see them expanding into other avenues (ie they just announced that podcast buyout) like streaming/ 24-7 news. 

To be clear there is defenitly a good argument for a short, I just see it the other way.
Nio will have a model 1
Bah bah bedop bop
The ETFs have a rule for no position greater than 10%. 

Occasionally it goes slightly over but is rebalanced. Buy Tesla to Increase exposure, if you believe in it you are leaving gains on the table by investing in ARK when you can buy Tesla shares
Lol you know you done fucked up on your FD gamble when you find yourself arguing with people on the companies subreddit on Sunday. 

Like I fucking know or care what solid state battery technology actually is I just wanna BRRR 😂
Thank you for your service
Crutch that shit for like an hour to get it over the hump. Bark should be pretty damn solid by now.
[deleted]
Lateral raise hurts my shoulders so much bro. Even light weight. Lots of noises and pops lol. Wasn’t like this before.
I have 5 dollars in bch atm. If that's going to 5 million. I am not complaining.
Texan with a Weber Smokey Mountain here - I’d wrap it.
investors don't want a Tesla index
They don’t even manufacture their own cars
Hi I’m paul
JD up 2.5% on HK. that's my boy
[removed]
Dude 😂😂 dis man fucks
Exactly what a "Spac Man" would buy, this is the way
Shutup libtard!
I dont think they're limiting the app per se, its just that politicians have no idea what they're doing

And in states with casinos already its a matter of time til they have their own apps that will incentivize users to use them over dkng
I can’t believe he didn’t go for that
👜 holders fer days
Link to where I can see this?
Friday - Went for in the money call for Tesla next week ( 800c 01/15) . Will still lose if indeed Tesla pulls back but won’t regret not going for OTM 


Having said that fuck the bears lol . Hope Tesla makes them a roadkill which isn’t picked. I hope all my brothers with 1000c see it print .
so stressful smoking big pieces of meat like this. any time i do a pork shoulder i get anxious af when it doesn't pump to 215 when i know it should. so you just keep opening the smoker thus lowering the temp and get stuck in a continual feedback loop.
Suck my dick
Wrap it now
Might as well post a selfie. TF is this?
[deleted]
130k down the drain. imagine buying a car that doesnt drive itself. better off spending that moeny on uber for 5 years so you have youre own driver.
God that sounds phenomenal
Upgraded to $70
shh
+0.85
Aren’t you a little late to go give burry a blowy? Moron is rich coming from a cumguzzler who can’t recognize condescension and then gets his asshole sore whiteknighting another dude.
It's a PLTR thing.
If you want more TSLA exposure just buy TSLA
The tire insertion thingy. Even has a point in the middle.
I had 25 different limit buys hit from 38k to 34k...  still buyers apparently.  For me, buyers remorse has never lasted more than a couple days...
Ban
Selling all of mine for GME options
Wagyu brisket sounds amazing. How hot do you have it? Might want to pump it to like 250-275 for an hour
I don’t understand why anyone buying RIOT and MARA when u can just buy bitties and eliminate the middle man
Your asshole is built different.
FUCKKKKK MY HANDS MADE OF FEATHER

Rolled NIO 2/19 into ICLN cause I thought NIO day would cause a dip on monday and I can rebuy in w other $.
Careful.   CAREFUL?  This is WSB not /r/dividends
Stuff doesn't run after things happen, we already know what's happening with stimulus.

Sell the news.
Just for fun I used fundamentals to chart TSLA. 

& based off that, they’re on an infinite bull run😂
Berger cookies are the best cookies ever #maryland gang
nah then we buy puts
NSLA?
Yeah, i get that, but everyone that sells has to go somewhere, and there is no inventory. New home buyers need houses, and lumber prices are through the roof. Its going to take a long while to level out.
Julianna Guill - Friday the 13th is stupendous
Every time I put my contacts in everything goes shrek
How are you really going to drop a 44 page pdf and expect us to read it
[removed]
I’d give you an award for this post, but the free one I got today is stupid: “Hugs”.

I’m not buying stupid coins either.  I’d rather buy more PSTH.

EDIT:  thanks to u/engineertexas for using his free hugz crap on this comment.  It means a lot.
Have you seen a gamer? No? That’s right, because they’re inside gaming.
Retard
robinhood needs to extend its pre market hours to 7 am and after hours to 8 pm
Gonna take shit here, but yeah. Top of channel, 6 month obvious slight correction coming. Typical post holiday dump around mid January. Not a full blown bear crash, but we will see about 5% correction imo before end of the month. Where's your risk tolerance losing 5% or so?
Because we need to sleep
yea, the rest of the losers like us usually don't talk about it so much, but there are hundreds of thousands just like you and me here, lurking, waiting
“The little angel in my 3rd picture is my lovely daughter. She is my little gift from God and my everything.” - Tinder Hoe
WS Bears 2021-2029
I honestly think it was just FOMO. But you're right, the volume is massive.
😂😂😂
Good shit
Don't bitch out
[deleted]
bruh
i ain’t gay but tbh pussy itself is pretty ugly to look at
I wasn’t going to just enter them, just do some research on some suggestions 

Jeez, what’s with the retard patrolling?
Futures don't matter anymore as they used to. Maybe they never did. Most dips just get bought instantly.
Cons: Negative real yield on assets from an entity that is ridiculously indebted and soon to be run by a group of people ready to spend even more

Pros: The Fed's singular purpose is making sure those bonds don't default
Same bro
BA going down like the plane↘️✈️
\*New spac opens with first-day share prices pumped 20% higher than the amount of cash in escrow\*

**You:** *This thing has a rational reason to be 50% overvalued soon!*

&nbsp;

Anyone buying that right now is a fomo fool.
[removed]
God damn. I bought puts and these bitches might actually become profitable. Not my style, but I’ll take it.
You could just sell
SPY 1/15 385c. Banking on some good hype leading up to Biden's announcement on Thursday.
Anyone else here while in bed with the misses can’t stop thinking about your plays and go limp. I think I have a problem I just don’t want to be alone
And I am asking why?
"The Avalanche has already started, it is too late for the pebbles to vote"  
Fuck yeah for Ambassador Kosh, best cryptic alien EVER
[deleted]
Probably not
They going to be looking like Musk during the paypal days.
[deleted]
I remember when Tomlin was a good coach. Coward punting wins you nothing, as shown by Vrabel mere hours ago. Bunch of idiot pussies.
This new Tiger documentary is kinda sus..

Really not vibing with how everyone pretending to care about him but obviously have their own agendas
Bro just pick a far enough out expiration and a reasonable strike
nio might release cars under another name, why??
It'll drop to 6 but it won't make it to 2k
People been asking me this for a week 🤣 not posting till I'm at 0 or 100k
Np!👍🏻
Small money, PFE gonna go back to flirting with ATH. Their sell off has ended, get in if you want a small risk play for calls.
imagine leaving your house when covid makes it socially acceptable to not be obligated to go anywhere.
Toilet roll shortage because of covid
BABA down 10% on the Ba Sing Se exchange
-3.4%
nflbite buddy
I hate beers. Give me scotch, gin, or cider. Beer is for 🌈🐻
Sounds like my math teachers
I'll be if price drops enough.
Gold and silver just chilling tho. Probably cause they got rekt last week
Someone hold me, I’m scared
Can’t share but they’re mid $130s now. Decent chunk to toss into TSLA earnings.
And pine sol
There are no contracts that expire on 1/13 for Tesla.
This thing is going waaaaaaaay higher and I don’t even have any I just know it’s gonna run much further than 40k
How dare you.

Jk, have no idea like the rest of us.
Nflbite
Impossible!
I’ve seen futures red so many times just to open flat or barely red then rebound throughout the day.
My profile picture is me with my Bengal cat. How dare you.
Delivery is 100%, with squinty eyes into sun just makes it.

Makes it look gonzo.
Yahoo
It even made me consider for just a moment that life is indeed beautiful
https://cdn-ceo-ca.s3.amazonaws.com/1fvmb14-2021-01-05-cp-genm.pdf


https://www.genmining.com
833 shares and 4 contacts expiring in a couple years
Yes that's true but shhhh dont tell anyone
Because it’s actively managed and capped at 10%
Yea, I need to get better at placing orders. I did some trades earlier in the year and cashed it out to do a house project.  I need to start practicing for individual stocks again.
I do. I don't buy dumbass FDs and 0DTEs though.
What's even the point of making money if you can't buy things you always desired?
Yup. Just breaking into the commercial sector
Your point about PC parts is exactly why I doubled down on GME. RC also follows PCgamer on twitter. 

The hints are everywhere. 1 billion mc is totally an undervaluation when companies get $60 bil for participation these days.
Bigger loser: Chicago Bears on Sunday or Wall Street Bears on Monday?
Imma yolo 100k
Red futures supposed to scare me?

I’ve been balls deep in PLTR, which means I take red dildos to the bum every fucking day even when the market is green and going to ATH.

Red futures mean NOTHING to my brokeass. My portfolio is BUILT. DIFFERENT. 😤
😂😂😂🤟
Any of you guys ever smoke brisket?

I’m smoking a 17lb Wagyu brisket rn and I’ve been stalling around the 155-165 degree mark for a few hours now and debating if I should wrap it or not to finish it out. I want good bark that’s why I’m trying to avoid wrapping it, but I also don’t want to wait 5 more hours 

Currently at 164 degrees about 11 hours in.
Outdated boomer environment
My favorite mr skin clip
And double whammied by taxes too.
My tin foil hat is still ringing on my head. Why did SPAC/PSTH FOMO kick in at 2:45 EST on Friday?? My bones say someone knows something. My brain tells me to shut up.

And DKNG will crush. I love investing in black markets turned legit. Not only that, but further legalization will drive incentives for normalizing beyond avid gamblers and further partnerships. Obligatory 🚀
F.
Copy
I cannot possibly properly articulate how happy that video made me.
Not as expensive as chipotle stock
I love how the position immediately loses money. I sold a couple Tesla put spreads. Was surprised how quick they went green. Keep selling put spreads and by the time the stock explodes you will have made a fuxk ton. And won’t lose much when it gets a realistic valuation.
fukkk where did that wildcard game link go
shut it china shill
All I trade
Someone copied the report from someone’s YouTube who posted it. Guess it’s from BofA global since it has a 1/11/21 date
So tomorrow we wake up broke or rich?
It’s gone take a little dip me settle until announcement . Really there’s no real news on anything .. so get it where you can until this take off . Big investors loaded up in December
you mean vaporware?
There is no covid there /s
Oh, I know.  I’m just trolling.  If these gains come through, I’ll write a post about it and @ you just because.
Personally I got some Smith and Wesson calls. When shit goes down in America, Bet on guns. Plus they had a dip last week
So many gain posts recently it makes me think I’m
The only retard losing money. Anyone else where losing money?
dont underestimate gm, boomers love pickups and they are revealing one this week
Nice flair. FF9 the best
Only 5%
That trash is expensive
Whats the target?
> GOOD LUCK!!!

You too!
Multi State Operators
How will energy stocks open tomorrow? Does futures give you an idea?
You must not trade options then
Is that the one bill gates is funding? If it is, yeah I’m down to buy into that one. When it is supposed to drop? IPO or SPAC?
People like you are the reason us TSLA bulls are taking the 🚀 while u eat rocks like a bear
-19%
oldboy
Honestly I wouldn’t be surprised if it was $10
If poocoin can trade 24/7 why can't stocks/futures
Got into it cuz of covid and all that 😔
[removed]
Will you post the loss porn after?
This seems like an easy play. Puts for a couple of months out.
They have the technology to make premium cars. Apple has the cash. 🚀 🚀
Is anyone holding PLTR as long term shares?
Same
Removed because this sub hates SPACs. 

Generally $23 is yes, but it depends on when you get in. If this was a brand new SPAC? For sure, don't pay over $11. BUT this one is further along in the timeline. It's merging at the end of Feb/early March. Most SPACs, especially EV plays, have a run up premerger. I believe this one will as well given that it actually sells EV utility vehicles. I'm hoping it gets to $30 right before the merger, which is when I'll sell half of my position.
You were really hoping we squeezed the shorts huh

I’m in qqq puts. Let’s see what happens
Stick things in your butt
Wow wtf? That’s wild lol, seems a little shady too
Probably have brown undies my guy
I've sold so many 30c's against my PLTR shares. It's the gift that keeps on giving. I need to do some math and figure out how much it's averaged me down.
Yeah but you said you’re long. You’re not long.
But + .75% is mooning? 🚀🚀
The time for TWTR puts was last friday you retards, the news already came out now BTFD

Buy more puts around their earnings when they announce how many subscribers they’ve lost - then BTFD also
Do you have a wife?
The 🌽 testing some conviction
Cash is king so you can buy the dip
-6.9%
🥴
[removed]
ICLN up on the Mars exchange
Cull the herd so the pack grows strong 💪
Just like the movie
anyone here about this algo website findes?
Jesus Christ, anything less than 6 hours for me and I can't function. You're probably making bank tho right?
facts
Ouch that’s tough to think of but might be a good take.
Don't you remember what mango said? He said if he's gonna lose, the market's gonna tank. Well, he lost. So... waiting... ↕
I know u/dhsmatt2 was looking for someone to clean his side-by-side, if that helps.
Hmmm this could be the issue
Why is this downvoted, this is correct.
Broken in the vehicle sense, fully functional mini hotels in the capitalize sense.
T break bro. Does wonders
Is $29 a good price to buy or shall I wait for a dip?
Have you tried softcore
[deleted]
[deleted]
Any one know why ark has cap on tesla in thier funds? If they are so bullish about their price targets doesn't it make sense to go all out? Seems like they are leaving gains on the table.
Kelvin
Yup. Took a good month after being symptom free before I felt back to normal
Winnipeg jets in the final
Similar index in Aleppo also up 5%
Gotta do your own DD. Don’t enter a trade you have no conviction on bc some retard here said it can’t go tits up
Gonna be a good week or be holding the 👜😂
You can say whatevee you want if you dont mind sounding like an idiot.
It’ll be closer to $40 than $19 in March
Wtf lol
Yeah, CATL actually doesn’t have solid state plan rn. NIO started their solid state battery project in early 2019 with prologium technology.
I mean I guess it depends on your expiry and expiration. I’m comfortable with a break even of ~ $40 by 2022. I could also sell them before then of course. What other plays do you have?
Absolutely
I see at least 3 a day and I don’t drive very often.
green for next 4 years
your profile is prob boring. The chads are on boats with alcohol
SHW consolidated for awhile now. I expect a big drop or rise soon, very soon. Donno which way though.
[deleted]
Eventually yes. Even if it can't cross borders in the short term, both companies have enough cash to make meaningful plays in purchasing companies already on this side of the border.
We all know this dip is gonna get bought up quicker than chipotle guac
What if you are just not a fan of the taste of gasoline?
Stonks go up, bears go down
I collect tendies😎😎
Gold
Bears - 9
Saints - 21

9/21 = 3 

Bears -3% tomorrow 
Bulls +3%

Act accordingly
Soul on Pixar had me sobbing. Those people at Pixar are masterful storytellers
we are fuk
[deleted]
Awesome! Thank u!
I'm going to make $500+ a day this week. I'll post gains everyday.
I have a couple cheap $2.50 2023 puts. Don’t expect it to go that low, but I expect to make some tendies by then.
Spread them cheeks for your prostrate exam. 🧤
stop right fucking now. seriously turn your computer off and walk away.
+.69%
https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets_getting_infiltrated_by_ccp/giu1kc1/

Here's another one. Apparently I'm racist, and NIO intelligent by pumping on WSB
Awesome! Really! Thank u!
DM leaps
Nice.  Good luck to us both then!
Dips getting devoured
Sorry pal.
Fool. You were supposed to buy:

S3XY S3XY
He is 0% confident of nothing
Hey my uncle Abshir's fruit stand is on that exchange! How's bnan doing?
r/ufos
That’s exactly what it is though lol
Baker will be have a better career than Russel Wilson
Loans
I don’t doubt it
Im bored of porn🤡🤡🤡
It’s been mentioned 100 times, just not in the last 5 minutes.
gross
Noob question. Whats the unit of measurement for the  DXY?

if the index is at 90 something now, do you say 90 points etc etc?
Apparently you get banned just for being Chinese here. Dude makes one post and this sub loses their shit and bans him
What they saying
Why meet up at a building to have a meeting when you could have a meeting at home, bottomless?
With the way CCs are, shit could be back up to new ATH by end of week. Or it could continue correction, point is, you’re not completely screwed yet.
PSTH gone pop to 60 one day I hope... got damn . Might throw another 5k in it
Nah
Any adult that collects things is mentally ill
It's a bot command for a reminder, I wasn't actually asking you to remind me.
dinklevoss twins saID Buy the dip so there ya have it
that doesn’t mean your gains won’t get smaller? It seems you’re a little upset - maybe because you doubt your own investment. Not a good place to be.
yeah but hitler only had one ball so when he banged one chick it was the same as scoring two
Reminds me of weedstocks back in 2018.  Sweet sweet bliss
Only when it's not in my pocket
I’m going to use it to tow around all my money in 10’s and 20’s.
Futures open 0.5% red.  We ArE iN COrRecTioN..  cIrCuIT BreAKErs...

A damn correction means -10% or more. Like that's gonna happen you clowns.


Holy S y'all are truly autists.  There will be profit taking and a push towards staying flat until Biden can get in the damn WH. Biden's multi trillion dollar  plan is gonna be unveiled this week.   The indices will be ending green for the month come last day of Jan.
If you don’t like IPA beers you’re as gay as a bear
Proff or ban
when under the influence. yes
Sackerfice
What company?
DCA is dollar could’a
Puts on TWTR, I'm gonna lose money
I don't hate BMWs, I just hate people who drive BMWs.
I’m a let you finish but Oreos are the best cookies ever
So dramatic.
WeWork to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Should I liquidate all my assets and buy government bonds?
[deleted]
[deleted]
They’re about every 3rd car in California
Will Wanda vision give us a vision of dem titties
Mfw half the sub about to get wiped tmr.
Are there really this many bears in here only when its negative? i was alone getting downvoted all weekend,  no support
can you or u/dhsmatt2 please adopt me
I call bullshit, I dont know of any spacs up 100%, more like 20 or 30. So he got an 2021 m5 for 30k? Nah.
Your short man. You want it 376 or below.
I’m looking for 820 and 765 on the NQ. Market maker was supplying amazing liquidity since then. Last Monday is what happens when you squeeze out the MM. 

Which may have happened last week too.
I just learned about covered calls not too long ago I feel like I missed my Opportunity . Any recommended dates u got?
0.5% isn’t even a dip to buy...
You’re gonna attract money hungry women.

& me
Is this another CCP post for NIO? mods!!
[deleted]
Full 🤡

Silly Bear
Have you received the hard specs?
What's even the point of making money if you can only spend it on appreciating assets?
No worries my dude, DKNG still a good LEAP
not really you can go years without paying taxes before they kinda mad at you. even then just sign up for a payment plan and only make a minimum payment every 3 or 4 months to keep them off your back.
I can’t ever not see Agent Smith though. Takes me out of it so much lol
Same
Dope, you looking to double down or just ride it through the year? Seems like a safe and more stable investment relative to individual clean stocks.
[deleted]
Must be all the TSLA puts
I mean, I did.  We can hold hands while we jump off this bridge together.
This is perfect!
[deleted]
Can’t wait for my stock grants to vest so I can flip them on calls. 1 more month.
People always think the end is near when you're entering a new bull market but the economy hasn't recovered yet... 
I clearly have no fucking idea what's going to happen but same shit happened in 09 and 10 then the market went on to have the longest ever bull run in history...

Don't underestimate the Fed and the determination of millionaires everywhere to turn their millions into more millions.
I don’t have nearly as much in it as you but I’m about $50k in so I’ve been trying to follow along.
at this point, what is the "buy the dip" case for twitter? they just banned the person that drove the most engagement on their platform. regardless of how you feel about DJT he drove people to the site even if they didn't have twitter they would make one to see what wild thing he would tweet next then engage it.   


twitter and other social media sites are designed to show you things that are going to make you mad because that is scientifically more likely to create more of a response than something that makes you happy.   


All free speech/political issues aside from a strictly shareholder (or in my case put holder) perspective a move like this can only be the beginning of the end for a company who's stock price was in consistent decline before the 2016 election.
i hope you’re right so i can afford it
[deleted]
I've always thought those were great.
Fuck this stupid weekend dow bullshit, Australian and Hong Kong stock markets are open right now
$930
Now bring the s n p with it. 😂
Id dive balls deep into a Rivian IPO
Practice makes perfect!
Bofa deez nuts 🥜def. real
Sometimes i will buy if the price is right earlier, nothing specific about 1030, just choice. You likely will pay a premium if you want something right at 930 (sometimes you can find deals tho)
Very logic explanation. This is gold
You can fit a lot of foot longs in that truck. Congrats and fuck you.
don't know who is more overrated...tomlin or pete carroll. both seem to have no fucking idea what to do on 4th down when it counts.
All in BITCONNEEEEEEECT 🌈🐻📉
Red at night, red at night.
Anybody else who got Covid hella tired for a couple weeks after they felt better
Nice, perfect day to buy some calls
Strikes only go to $45...

Jan 22
Further stim coming this is just a shakeout nothing to be worried about
I work for a tech company that sells compliance and risk software. A lot of our customers use our software because they don’t trust their Chinese suppliers so an Increase in regulatory scrutiny by China is a good thing in the long-run for both our economies. 

People on this sub don’t understand how the world economy works so they just say ‘China bad’
Use a condom while having sex... lest you catch bots.
same :0
0000000!
Sure.
The reality should you wish to visit it is that the base case from ARK, for example, excludes FSD and autonomy. And the base case was for $1400 a share.
Looks like we are opening very red amigo
.5% movement is only 4.50 on Tesla. Calm your ass down. That’s not even 10% of the upward movement Tesla will see tomorrow. Everything except GME, PLTR and TSLA will fall, but those 3 will rose due to margin calls getting squeezed.
+6.3%
-1.42%
Man weird I was just thinking about that earlier today for no reason. Simple times back then.
You hate money don't you?
I feel there’s going to be a basket of winners in the ride up and then consolidation/M&A to 3-4 giants in the proceeding 10-15 years. 

I bought Canopy because a Fortune 500 company bought them believing they would be one of the few winners.

As well as an entire range of celebs/major sport athletes who also have a vested interest in CGC, who, probably have their own DD teams.
BABA puts Twitter puts Tesla puts 🌈🐬 dolphin gang reporting in
Young physician and the only women I match on Tinder are all single parent moms with 3-4 kids. 😓
I don't know more like anyone who thinks the dollar is going to gain value and sustain it is dumb.
I want to have baker mayfields baby’s
Calls on Chipsahoy cookies. Best cookies ever.
am mid-term bearish but this week I have no idea

could see a heavy correction or could push higher 

no indicators showing any slowing down though as of right now
I'd sell covered calls and buy leaps prob just way less risky
It’s just a discount guys I promise!
It's what always happens
Hong Kong, Korea, and India.
That’s definitely a good counter argument. Seems odd to me that the states would limit the popular apps that are driving users.
Bool wen ?
[deleted]
All day bro, looking forward
I’ve never paper traded before but I’m expecting to get a severance check soon so I’m gonna paper trade this as a practice to see how this play goes.
What else am I going to do with $5M?  Work?  Pfft..
That's low. Probably -50%. Been swinging it for weeks. It's def gonna be hammered hard
[removed]
I spell with numbers too. Proof I’m a retarded autist.
-4.5%
Dude to be honest this guy's idea is totally undervalued right now. Buy into /u/Pm_me_your_asiantoes now before its too late, the market cap at $4,000,000 is probably around 3000x undervalued. I calculated this by averaging the two market caps from OP's post and dividing

Literally cannot go tits up
I'm literally up 5k on GME, and most likely older than you. Get fucked, kid.
I’m kind of beginning to agree. They aren’t a good indicator
\-1.43 %
-9.4%
[removed]
Let’s see how it plays out.
Good idea. Wait for bcoin to fall 20% and then buy puts.
[deleted]
Green. By. Open. 

Bears. Are. Wrong. And. Gay.
goons start working out tomorrow. been hibernating
Honestly, alive just not well. I sleep through my weekends and then right back to the grind. Gotten used to running on 2-3 hours of sleep
Agreed. *ONLY* 150% up in three months

Should’ve kept my money on SPY...
6 months? That is a geological time horizon for this sub
yes, in your imagination.
Coming from the guy who sold his white Phat for 250m and Tesla at $450 hold onto ICLN for a year. This rocket ship is taking on and I’m holding on this time.
Considering that most of this sub doesn’t know what the word diverse means, they are not long-term investors. They are options traders looking to go big or go home
Just cram
So you’re saying I should YOLO for bill?
Ya, I’ve got exposure to ICLN & holdings within. I may add to some positions that are already +100%. I typically sell half my stocks that I’m +100% on and let the rest ride ‘house money’ forever, but green energy will be huge. I’m keeping my eye on Commonwealth Fusion Energy coming soon. Fusion Energy will revolutionize energy as we know it.
same
Uh.  Prolly like 9 months..
I get what you are saying but this makes me wonder.   Do people actually buy these cars?   I rarely see them.
I’ll make sure to bring up that I’m autistic on the first date
eh at least my cost basis only 125. Tis but a flesh wound
Same one you do, moron. lol. You proved my point correctly. Thanks idiot.
There's a 78 6/7 chance this will be the funniest post I see on reddit this year.
Fuck chubb
Nothing lol
[removed]
-0.5%
My friend is up 350 percent swing trading shares this year so it can work
It’s literally my name.
Lego profits too high
September 9 reporting for duty!
LTHM > LAC
2021 already telling 2020 to hold my beer by dropping a coup attempt and a browns playoff win in the first 2 weeks. The fuck are we in for next?
is the BofA Nio report actually real? I don't see an actual link.
You lucky bastard, I hesitated on Vale when those calls were .55 and then they shot up. Hoping they dip so I can jump in
You’ll look back on this post and wish you had some at this price
Bears see a little tiny bit of red in futures and they start fear mongering here 🌈🐻 r fuk
In the conversations I was having here last week, I was telling people that this creeps up to $30+ over the quarter based upon an expected announcement.

Friday’s price action was just two quick IMO for that to be the cause.  Someone thinks they know something
Yo why lady Cathy keeps buying Zm?
?????
So many bookies in ny already, and tax burden will significantly harm the upside bc dkng is a boston company and ny desperately needs tax dollars.  I think dkng is nearing its top as other (local state) market participants begin to pop up
Well boys my future inheritance is sitting in mara at an Avg of $24.4

 🤢
The saddest part is that a shitton of the support would go to rural whites.

They think everything is a zero sum game and don't understand an economy growing together and everyone getting more tendies.

They think getting rich is taking from others.
Two ways to look at futures 

1) bulls r fuk this is the correction that we have been waiting for load up on puts 

2) bears are fuk BTFD just a little blood for another move higher load up on calls

3) the final choice mm’s leave it completely flat crushing everyone in there path
I have mastered the art of opening my butthole so that the fart is silent
At that point just hold onto spy shares instead
meatspin.com

The true source for what your future will be like.
+3%
Instead of being worried about futures being red, be mad that you're going to miss out on cheaper calls when it inevitably bounces and opens green and makes a new ATH tomorrow.
Nurburgring lap times are cool, if that's the measuring stick. But what happens in 5 years when a different car beats it?
Did you just call me smart? ☺️
You're welcome man. SPX is great. You may have to type it in your broker as $SPX or .SPX to get it to show up. Liquidity is nearly the same as SPY.

Oh, and it is cash settled, so no shares or early assignment to worry about.

 You see retards buying 100 SPY options contracts when they could be buying just 10 SPX options contracts for the same exposure. Saves on commissions AND gets better tax treatment.
what's it doing?
You’d have to be a full to be holding calls or any assets right now. SQQQ and UVXY are solid investment choices for long term gains.
Peg to platinum price
Does it count if I've posted very long time ago and came back haha
LMAO racist? Seriously, take a break from your keyboard Mr SJW 😅

Market manipulation by CCP is just a fact. And that's because of their communist government and socioeconomic policies. Go fuck yourself saying it's racist. And doubling down saying 'they are just intelligent' pumping their stock on WSB?? You must really love Pooh Bear, eh?
Lmfaooo
Bad day for VALE likely. Nickel and copper down big
I haven't had the pleasure of driving one, but everyone seems to say the same
Why not lease? The car is going to lose a tonne in value, your friend is an autist that got lucky
[removed]
BROWNS BABY . Bears r fuk bigly
I'm all in Carnival Cruise so I clear the 100 stock bar. I bought in late April so you could say I saved the company, I deserve some on board credit!!!
Make them robotaxis
By or before a certain date. That's what options are. Calls are betting it will go up from where it is, Puts are betting that it will go down from where it is. Calls are the option to buy, Puts are the option to sell.

Each contract gives you control over 100 shares. You don't own the shares, but you have the *option* to purchase or sell them at the strike price. You also have the option to sell your contract to someone else, which is how most options trading goes down.

Read up, my friend, there is money to be made and lost!
[removed]
Does Brieanne know you are part of a large community of retards?
[removed]
You dont need 2.5 million to change your tires.
how do you see corn?
Remindme! 2 months
love u booboo
Billy has reaffirmed confidence in a Q1 announcement recently, but other than that everything is completely speculation.
Our we still allowed to say Kung Flu?
QS puts
On that day he looked like a fool.

On this day he looks spergtacular.
Don't buy weeklies and you'll be fine.
Why?
Aint gonna happen yet
Slow v shape recovery
Woke
I need to get in, slowly creeping up again and will be $30 when ticker gets converted
[removed]
hype is everything
I’m so happy I paid my loans off before 30. Too bad I had to live at home most of my 20s.
Buy my 980 calls
Holy shit apple!
Why specifically 10:30? Shake out the morning sell offs?
What about drunk
Tomorrow SPY will open down then immediately start crawling back on open. Around midday VIX will spike and put a glimmer of hope in the eyes of the bears. Five minutes later that spike will fade and SPY closes green on the day
BA is so fucked lmao
🧂
Interesting. Shiz, didn’t see that...
Hive mind bc this place is toxic bear chat when markets are closed
Na dude, just keep your portfolio diverse during these uncertain times and you'll be good to go to either buy the dip or realize profits
I got a couple day ban for using the other 'f-word' but used an @ instead of an 'a'

Wasn't these mods though, it was the big  boss reddit mods

This sub used to be a bastion of political incorrectness...mostly calling each other gay slurs and retard in very low level jest that reminds you of a 5th grade lunch table

Sub's still pretty cool though and the mods and memes have gotten better
which markets? oil? usd? gold?
Probably after impeachment once things calm down
-4.20%
It’s in the earth’s crust. Gotta dig.
The world is ending. They winning a playoff game.
what's the type of call you buy that gains value when the stock crashes to $200?
No doubt people pile into puts tomorrow
Correct I like dips
Someone was just talking about MARA & RIOT and though I don't know wtf those are, it made me think of Marriott. Also, I just got done watching a bunch more angles of that Capitol breach, that was a fuck-ton of people. I feel like I was just touched by the 'tism angel.. Calls on Marriott and Hilton
$CHUBB
You’re a joke kid. Confirmation bias is deadly. Enjoy your losses
[deleted]
January 20: biden enters office and stimmy tap opens up
Stonks
👍👍
who cares about a fast car... thats like 13 y/o idea of cool. real swag is spending that 100k on 5 years of uber so you literally have a personal driver
If I made 5m I sure as hell wouldn’t be writing novels to the retards in this sub
Which is why I buy shares

Options can go down and in my experience they usually do
I’m not in GME but man I’m rooting for you degenerates.
Buy high, sell higher
Everyone here is a retard, friend :)
People are gonna be so eager to buy this dip. Mooning by 8am est
It might, but a quote was created to answer this
If you stopped paying prositutes to read you bedtime stories, you’d have lost that flair already.
-12.4%
If you think Tesla is gonna go down, it goes up 

If you think it’s gonna go up, it moons

But if you don’t think about it at all, you’ll get to watch a beautiful bubble pop and hundreds of retarded portfolios explode
Yeah better than no PP once the meatgrinder turns on XD
That’s like asking the difference between MSFT and AAPL
Cathie? 
Also lookin into SRPT too as well, you getting options or stock?
[deleted]
$2000c 1/23/22
Already have them bro. Long term goals
What billion dollar investment firm do you run? 

Last I checked trying to be a condescending dick is being rude. But please let your pussy be sore for a stranger, fuckin twat
BA puts
-.69%
looooool onlyfans?
I'm bullish, actually holding calls for July, I just think the current premiums that people are charging are insanely high.
[deleted]
Got to Goldman Sachs traders trying to convince us to sell. Not selling one share! Positions or next
$BABA
they can't verify my identity which is annoying since I own 20k in calls
I honestly have no idea, but that tweet was well after the runup started and when it actually dropped. 

I think someone actually may know something this time, yes we joke that, but Friday seemed unusual to me. Maybe that guy who tweeted that saw it in a different source? I couldn’t find much though, that was the only tweet I saw but I noticed it was more towards the end of the day around close. Or maybe it started pumping and FOMO kicked it, I noticed stock twits gained a ton of users Friday following it
I'd go bankrupt
I'll be very happy with $50, which I think is realistic. $100 would require some crazy bull action
> on this sub

Honestly I think most of the people who have their life savings 2.5 leveraged in TSLA calls are not on this sub - some of the tweets that I've seen in the last few weeks have been mindblowing.  There are real life people out there that are about to get so fucking owned!
No problem if they're CSPs
If Tesla crashes the markets go with it. It’ll be called the ‘Tesla Crash’. 

No chance the markets go through a correction before 2022. 

JPow’s still printing.
801.8

Edit (~9%)
+4.3%
Futes only matter if the are +-3%
Would you still trade
[deleted]
Looks like co1n is going back up. Craxy that there are still buyers at this price.
For open tomorrow. Twitter puts, mayyybe more Tesla puts, maybe PSTH calls. What else?
i tell myself this everyday to avoid revenge trading
Wow, another <50 karma account saying sell GME.
Back to 26 next week
I like my market like I like my eggs...

Dippy.
Same here
Lemonparty.org
ATH every week stocks only go up pal
sell calls man and lower your avg jesus christ
+2.3%
Sneakerheads are clowns. The idiots at r/fashionreps and r/repsneakers are worse
Rode calls up the original spike
https://m.investing.com/indices/indices-futures
Can someone please post any sort of verifiable sources for why people are saying PSTH release Monday. I've heard about the interview but can't find a source. And I also know about the 6month period ending but that also isn't a cement source
> But if you want to know, the Ford EVs coming up are pretty good. 

But I didn't want to know. What I want to know is what they have that's valuable. I'd saying worse than nothing and that they're value is negative. Toyota is mismanaged. Ford has insufficient batteries. GM is building a small battery factory that will be a fraction of Tesla's production -- they don't have anything of value. 

Why don't I value sheet metal presses? Because they were replaced by casting for the frame anyway, which none of the manufacturers have. Except Tesla.
Tf is all this talk about a correction

All this 🌈 talk sounds bullish tbh. Btfd and stay winning kings 

Death to 🐻
so the actions he took to avoid offending the political bottomline is essentially political
why?
Already locked in fam.
NY said they will run it themselves like the Lottery so that all the revenue 100% goes to NY state
-4.35%
Yeah, smart folks know the dollar is trash and aren't getting fooled by its fake rally.
Ok now I understand why futures are red
As much as i want to jump into options, i wanna do shares only this year and see where I end up
Some people have reached a point of delusion where the can't even entertain the idea that TSLA isn't gonna continue to rip 5% per day for no reason other than the fact that they have a position in it.
Down .69%
Should’ve been a Grindr alert, not Tinder.
[removed]
earnings season is upon us hide ur wife hide ur kids
-0.65%
Tsla?
2.5mill cash and I’d retire
Hm, what TSLA calls should I buy tomorrow
Buy the bean dip
thats a lot of red on those futures boys. and the fake coins dying too. im sweating.....
Wut current price
It’s different this time 💎
My brother won $10k like 6 years ago
Yes
wait for the stimulus check
When you become a trader, uncertainty is the name of the game... it’s what you sign up for. If everyone knew if and when the market would dip, everyone would be successful. That’s y those who choose to try get rewarded, whether it’s bc of plain luck or intense research
Your (was mine too, then sold for gains) online fake money is tanking. Not feelin so good rn? Ah, shame.
Probably just demoing their product on hyundai and will soon make their accessories available on all makes
Oh, just check AMDs chart from like 2015 to now 🚀
Down 75 this weekend
Sounds like small pp envy. You don’t own TSLA and you are upset.
I have 1/22 1200 calls so fuck you im all in
F
Down 7.623%
Nah, the multi million dollar idea is a 12mo subscription service (paid up front) for a monthly box of featured weed. Collection of different growers. Pile up all the money together and make a massive purchase for deep discounts enough to supply 3 months at a time. You'll make money obv from the end consumer, but you also charge companies absorbent fees to be featured in your box. 

Do an edible box, concentrate box, flower box, mix of the three box..etc.
Wallstreetbets is the king at buying calls at the top and puts at the bottom
+2.25%
Green by open - Gandhi 2019
This plus I just want to be ready to buy the dip
Make sure you get 100 stock so you get some on board credit with whatever one you cruise with.
I think the most important thing i learned from my time on WSB is it simply doesnt matter if a company has solid fundamentals, strong leadership, or even the possibility of being profitable.  Its all supply and demand just like anything else.
[removed]
I read it was set for Feb 11th.
Imagine still being up 90% in the last month even after a recent drop.
Lol why is a correction tomorrow all of sudden such a sure thing? Bears are fuk
If you were to print this in a pillow my wife would buy 2
Read your flair and go sleep
I wouldn’t say getting 100 shares called away is akin to the destruction of ones anus.
7%
[deleted]
nah to get chinese money you need to be forced to align the political correctness in China, like the hololive incident
Just looked him up. Still at large, has an army of 100. Down from 3000.
*The rug pull will come once all your puts expire*
How the fuck does Tomlin punt there? I just do not understand
‘twas a freshman in high school
Really nice SPAC play. Been in since $17, gonna ride the hype til merger at the end of February. Given that they have actual products and are way ahead of the game in the utility/transportation EV market, I'm gonna keep half my shares post merger. I rarely do that with SPACs.
[removed]
+13%
[deleted]
At least you have flair
Looks like mars
Why are they 2 of the smartest individuals? are you high?
i think i agree with you
Agree
Dip at night, moon by day
Ugh I know the feeling - it can be frustrating, but at least CCL is way above the S&P since April. We should get growth with the Johnson and Johnson vaccine data and more Oxford data by the end of the month.


There is also CDC data with what % of the population has been vaccinated, so hopefully cases/deaths drop as the at-risk get vaccinated...then cruise stocks should rise...


GOOD LUCK!!!
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 🌝
Strike and expiration?
Whats that in tsatziki sauces?
That’s good, I aggressively paid mine off.
wasting money on a shity car is very 17 y/o old of him.
Bears r so silly, u r fucked tomo
Yeah go head bud
Its not gay if you buy calls after
That's the only reason I'm here.
[deleted]
People who I wish had an OF:


#AOC
Oh no sir, I don't vote Republican or Democrat. Choosing is a sin, so I always just write in the Lord's name.
jesus christ CRAB HARMONIC. you have one crazy ass name for your crayon line things
100%, ig, Twitter, fb, they are all what you make of it.
doing some TA and these are my short term moves for the next few weeks based on Elliot waves

short CHWY expected move to 72.39

short AN expected move to 63.89

short CHGG expected move to 76.82

long COST expected move to 393.74

short ETSY expected move to 148.15

all FEB expirations

good luck!
Ngl, the m2 is a sweet car on backroads.
The California Grizzly Bear became officially extinct in 1924. It is a subspecies of the Grizzly Bear which is a subspecies of the Brown Bear.
pls no more red
Replace weeks with months.
U can't do anything over the weekend. Will have to wait till open. Shouldn't be doing options if you are new to stock, easiest way to lose your money,
Whoever is the closest to guessing the TSLA gain/loss % tomorrow EOD (no afterhours) will get platinum tomorrow.
[removed]
*Unzips pants*
100%
Weekend : Can’t trade, I sleep

Memes with Rockets: REAL SHIT? 🤩

Also, options burned me too often.
Now I’m just sitting on shares.

100 @ about 14.00, so still up like 26%. I’m not an all in sort either, so as GME dips and NIO goes up, my portfolio hasn’t changed much.

Thanks for the info though, appreciate you brother 🚀🚀🚀
Lots of tutorials you can find online about how to hit the reddit API. I'm sure that's what this guy is doing.
😂😂😂
thanks they should hit
Imagine the Bcoin bubble and Tesla Bubble popping at the same time. It would be some poetic justice if you ask me. Im sick and tired of hearing these hipsters raising their forecasts for how high they can go, it makes me sick.
They said the same thing in 2018
49% of the market apparently
no 1 tell him
You should’ve added the image to the title too
we should have voted for him honestly
More than ever
Op just so you know:       

Retard is a term of adoration here.        
Autism means you somehow hit it right, even when you’re wrong(happens often when trading options).            
Gay bears are accepted and welcome, as long as they wear a fucking mask.           
90% of this sub are closet gay bears. Who wouldn’t want to buy nio back at .90 and watch it 🚀🚀🚀 to $55?          
The only time we mean anything is when we say mods are gay and are only in it to steal your tendies!     

FYI, your backup plan should be to learn how to actually trade and to develop trading strategies so you can help others the way they are helping you. Try to learn and learn how to alter your perspective. In the last 9 months I’ve developed 4+ trading strategies that have worked and failed based on the volatility of the market(failures are short term and just 💎👐 that shit because volatility always comes back).
Yea that why I was saying your “DD” is checking Twitter 🤣😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
Anyone win anything on draft kings?
Fair - thanks for sharing. :)
You’re right. By the way, which billion dollar investment firm do you handle? Oh yeah i forgot, you’re know it all with a 2k robinhood account. you know more than Burry. Don’t be a dick for no reason pussy, dude wasn’t even being rude you idiot.
Now I'm getting worried. We haven't seen futures this low since around lunchtime on Friday.
Sell your house, car, wife, asshole
We have a chance but we needed a score there
Sooo... puts?
Yeah, it’s just a blown-up version of the phone app!
Fundamentals are dead. World is awash with stimulus. Interest rates heading to negative. Get in stocks/real estate or get wrecked
1/3 of my shit is in ARKK/ARKG/QCLN/BABA shares because buying calls at ath is **retarded.**

2/3 cash gang gonna start DCAing ARKW / TAN / PBW / TAN / SQ / PTON / FNGU tomorrow

Again, shares because buying calls near ath is **retarded** (unless it’s ICLN 32c 2/19)
As Cathie said, always have some dry powder.
Deposits take a few days but you can start trading immediately with Gold up to x amount depending on your portfolio.
Bump
no
Both sides of the aisle are deeply corrupt and hypocritical. No conviction behind any platform.

Only objective reality is 

ICLN TO DA MOON🚀🚀🚀😵🤯
I think legally options are not trade-able on weekends.
[removed]
Why was this removed? Also $23 for a SPAC? isn’t that really high entry?
$X calls got it
How many times have you cried?
All will finally be priced in and the circle will be complete.
Bc his fans are in china. Don't get money and politics confused
whens the next leg down this bear is having a great time!
[deleted]
thanks, friend
Russian Roulette pays more, just saying.
Haha possible now
# we are rounding the corner
Next week you'll be saying $35, then the week after you'll be saying $39, etc . . .
[deleted]
Are my vixy calls going to be saved tomorrow?
Point is Elon doesn't care about being the "richest man in the world". All it means is that he can convince greedy shareholders give him their (**real**) money with no strings attached.
Hahahaha.
investing.com
.... this is the top boys
[removed]
No
[deleted]
We want Cohen!
Same bro, same
One of the best. A college kid that went all in 4 times in a row and hit on 3 because of last minute djt tweets. Was up hundreds of thousands only to ultimately lose everything
How can I buy the dip when all my money is on calls
yeah
Bears be like:

Rug pull coming

*6 weeks later*

SEE TOLD YOU YOU SHOULD’VE LISTENED RRREEEE
Tesla 800 was that 2 weeks ago
🍆🍆🍆
Ma
Guess all the weed stocks will have to go then
It’s a masterpiece, Gandalf reusing to pick up the ring in the beginning of the movie so he won’t get corrupted, implicitly sacrificing those that will possess it
My puts are ready.
I've had a few nights staring into the void thinking about if I want Canopy again. I can see the argument, and if it hits it seems big, but I just cant bring myself there. If I had more capital I probably would. I think they will read the hype waves for the near future (if nothing else).
[deleted]
Companies I wish would IPO: Lego, SpaceX, Onlyfans
I’d be worried, but some markets are green right now. This looks like it’s just DXY bullshit and the dip is bought by 10am.
that shit adds up
What do y’all think of RIOT March 19 puts
The only party anyone here should give a shit about is one that takes place on a yacht with a bunch of blow that you spent your tendies on.
Anyone with series 7 got advice?
it's gng to be down like 30-40% lmfao
That’s some BDE there, I love it!
20 hour days??? How are you still fucking alive
Hoping VLDR moves with the Apple/Hyundai and Nio/NVdia news
I am buying hummus calls!!
66% times 99% when you take 1/234th of a percent
It’s called google
Another recommendation on a stock a few steps below ATH, nice
Don’t worry, I got your sarcasm, and that’s all that counts!!
 he has stressed on his Chinese identity instead of Taiwanese on multiple occasions so…
And then I'd drink milk out of it with my bedtime cookies
# waiting for my STIC shares to BARK lmao
[deleted]
Tomlin is a pussy for not going for it on 4th and 1
I’m scared
Biden’s gonna lay out his stimulus plan this week. I’m sure it’s gonna include some green stuff in there.
Good point.  Why do you think it ran?
what did they want them to give the workers?
I'm planning on following you in tomorrow
what's with this cuck? he erased his original tweet and then goes on to do a bunch of math to prove some point? the only point he proved is that he's tarded.
Broke is temporary. Poor is eternal. "Robert Kiyosaki’s"
Go to Stocktwits for some healthy confirmation bias, they will tell you it's Stripe!
Was one of the stipulations that it “had” to be it that it “couldn’t” be associated with a physical casino? I knew that was a topic of discussion.
We need to get Apple at least 5% up tomorrow. Call your friends, fracebook friends, and your wifes boyfriends's boyfriend to buy Apple
[deleted]
What you see?
Exactly
No proof?
LMFAO racist. It's not racist to think there's CCP shills on basically every website trying to destroy the west. The CIA has said as much for years. There's anywhere from 20k spies in the usa from the ccp at any given point and nancy pelosi's driver was a spy for 20 fucking years.
I bought my puts on Friday.
If you buy shares, they never expire, so eventually maybe your $1500 becomes $2000... or it becomes $1000.

If you buy calls for $1500 that expire on Friday, then unless the stock goes up, you’re probably gonna lose $1500.  If it does go up, how much does it go up? A lot of factors that ultimately can affect your gains, but you could make a ton of money. You just also have to be prepared to lose all $1500. You won’t always lose all your money. If things look like they’re going to shit, you can sell the contracts you bought and eat the loss and maybe you only lose $1000.

It can get really complicated, but ultimately the gains are better than stocks... but you gotta know the risks.
[removed]
"The big bad booty daddy"
Looks like we got the next Autist Burry here

If it was so easy to time bubble, everyone would be doing it
[deleted]
I have a kony 2012 pin
They will be able to sell to other companies doing therapeutics research
Haters like to deny this.
Thanks for the response!
Legit the waitress wanted us to pay ahead of the meal with our corn money
Missed the news, what’s happening?
That was the plan this whole time...
How does that baby in Alabama do it to themself?
Maybe 25-50 pct. Math funny like that
We're only getting fucked right now because the USD is up 0.32%
Oh no not the bearish crab harmonic pattern
a phone manufactured in china for an american company is very different than a phone that was “researched”, designed, and manufactured in china. stop trying to falsely equate those two things. that’d be like burning all your trash in your backyard because you drive your car to work. you’re emitting harmful gasses anyways, right?
TSLA’s gonna ruin lives on this sub when it crashes lol
GE
guns

BLAZING
I have been thinking about this a lot as well. Might dip my toes in the water
Bro how old are you and are you still working? Married, kids?
[deleted]
25k cars in that segment aren’t really that profitable. So many corners have to be cut to reach that and the quality goes down 🤷🏻‍♂️
Huge scam
Definitely would pee it that butt
So...
Boys, just buy the dip like a legend
Palantir up 6 pita bread on the Mediterranean Transaction Portal
UHHH YESSSIRRR
Strange times
You're just bad at searching
No I am Retardicus
I agree on the moat of the company. And as long-term investor, it is good to seek further clarity and information. Palantir has one O&G client, One auto sector client and if there are no competitive agreement in place, Palantir growth may be undervalued heavily.
Bruh.... investing.com
Sounds great. How is that anyone’s problem except the GOP?
Just go to yahoo.com dude. Literally every game in your local
Area
Tradingview 
Ticker ES1!
[removed]
I miss when shkreli would be in here giving people biotech tips
That tweet was at 3:48 pm and PSTH started to runup well before that .. wasn’t that tweeted at the top and it dropped
Shit I read it in English must of posted wrong link, deleted
Shit I thought you were gonna say, make the playoffs this year
Cathie about to buy this dip faster than you can say anal
We need to catch that fucker!!!
Corn r fuk
Jump in the Tesla and hit 88 miles an hour

Or just Google it man there's about 50 places to find it.
Agree with this 100%

A progressive policy will address class rather than race and it will help everyone.

You do have to acknowledge that black and other minorities have gotten a worse deal however.

There has to be some policies to address that.
I award you no points. And may god have mercy on your soul.
seriously it seemsto be recovering. Which I dislike, wanna get them cheap MARA shares and hold to infinity
Kinda worried ngl, but for the week I’m good lol
Probably face id!!!

Can’t access automated driving unless you log into itunes for sure.

Also can’t transfer your music from one car to another 😂
😘😍
Hey! Developer here. Any chance I could contribute to the platform at works for this?
https://m.investing.com/indices/indices-futures
We had the greatest economy of all time and we had to close it down
Tesla 1000 calls the new Microsoft 200 calls lol
Just jealous of our NiO gAINz
[deleted]
Someone’s salty they aren’t on the tendy train. Let’s see how this post ages.
Internet Historian has a good vid on that
Pre-market starts at 4am. That's what I'm looking at. Until then 😴
Yes
This is very creative. Nice
Steelers, dude!


C'mon, man
I wouldn’t mind having Apple care on my car.  It breaks down, you take it too the Genius Bar and they give you a new one.
The hopium is strong with this one
believe in the steel
Depends what tsla does
They have to keep it a certain position of their portfolio they had to sell
Maybe it’s time for another paper trading competition
1st amendment grants protections to US citizens from government censorship. What does that have to do with an international adversary?
Imagine losing real money investing in fake money
Fucked
It's the same people over and over.
Srpt drops by half. Cathie buys 900000 shares the same day. I search here and not a mention. What am I missing?
It’ll open 146.50 but have a slightly red day, ~.75%
iCar
[deleted]
Calls on long sleeves and chains
Maybe
[deleted]
Personally, I think Nio will be announcing a Model 3 competitor some time this year.
Investing.com
Reddit has a hard on for the Capital Hill protestors getting locked up but couldn't give af about the Raz guy handing out AR 15s in "CHAZ" . Not taking sides just pointing out how stupid this is, I could care less and think it's all insignificant
[deleted]
Lol my 750p as well
lol
Is that true. He is taiwanese
[removed]
Deep ripping gapes to the bulls bosoms tomorrow. I can smell the period blood. Master Gape Down Triple Axel Limit Citcuit breakers! 🤡🧨🤡🧨
[deleted]
HIGHER CHAD!!
please elaborate on analfarmer
Lol I was thinking the same thing.  The face looks just how he did in that pic.
Tendie Gods bless us with one more Green Day, so that we may unload our OTM TSLA weeklies, park our profits in VIX calls, and ride this correction down.  Amen.
This fake?
How fucked are your calls tomorrow?
Plug that shit up
is this fucking sports normiestreet bets?
I wonder if people are still shorting Tesla... and much money they are loosing...
Good comment.
[deleted]
[removed]
I didn't realize shartcoin was still a clown currency 🤡 lol
Same, watching and waiting
So, $600 EOM?
Oh shit LOL
I want this company to tank to death, solely because my calls didn’t print. Puts on goev forever
PLUG! NIO! TSLA! GME! ICLN! PLTR! 🚀🚀🚀
PM your loses.
[removed]
Sounds very familiar.
Same
Genius
[deleted]
[removed]
An m3 isn't a depeciating asset. A 737 max nose down over Ethiopia is a depreciating asset. An m3 is a bunker buster that leaves a smoking crater where your wallet once was.
I think it'll open at 930 :p
Site for futures?
buying all dips 🤣✨⛷💸🍄
JuJu is the WOAT 🤡
F A 6 6 0 T S  E V E R Y W H E R E
Upvote if you like CATHIE!!!
My point is that the guess doesn’t matter as much given the relative positioning of the SPAC compared to others.
Marx did a lot of useful stuff for economics even though some of his main ideas are very sus. He's like a guy who made a sensible (perhaps slightly retarded) DD for a long term hold and then y'all go buy weeklies.
7 digits or 0, baby
This is literally the logic of people that buy cars they can’t afford
Calls on chain mail
So lemme get this straight. Bears are gonan go all in on puts at open. 30 minutes later we are gonna rise all day??? Cool
Safe haven
The most consistent winning play
thx
Already priced in;  that was the post election rally
Touch ur buttholes for papa elon and ull get some tendies
fresh
GO FOR IT
[deleted]
am I the only one wondering why analysts are all raising price targets finally after like the 500-1000% runs they made from their last price targets? When their targets last year were basically below most prices for the whole year?
Dude she can buy you dinner and presents
Why? Looking at MARA and RIOT right now.
When? In 2 years?
*relieved sigh
The legislature’s bill is different than what Cuomo wanted - it envisions a multiple competitor model. We don’t know yet which model will win out. DKNG is one of four betting platforms currently affiliated with physical casinos in the state though.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do you have the script?  Even if it’s auf Deutsch.
Guhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Didn't read any of this as it contained no rocket emojis and I more than likely can't read half the words. Scrolled to the bottom of the post for positions.. I don't see any deep OTM calls so I'm out
Calls on Marriott?
Cohen about to buy the company and make me rich or at least less poor
This guy is a massive retard. Do your own research and don’t listen to this moron. SI “isn’t like 60%” you brain dead gay bear
Disagree. Biden has promised enough stimmy that the market will keep going up regardless of what actual financial results are. So everyone will keep thinking they're stock picking geniuses.
[deleted]
A state lottery type system that would be run by the state. That way NY would get all the revenue so basically communism. Fuck Cuomo
First time I’ve lold at the internet for real in a long time
This is the type of encouragement i needed
Twatter too
[deleted]
Short squeezes and Triple Witching Fridays....that might of worked in 2016, but retards run the show.
[yup](http://reddit.stream/cleveland-browns-live-stream/)
when is demo day
I heard that dirty pirates use a site called sportsurge. Def dont use it,
[deleted]
I’m in, They make an electric short bus for all of us retards to ride.
I remember sometime back in March, spy was at -7.5% when I went to sleep with all my puts. When I woke up spy was at +3%. It was a sad morning 😓
[deleted]
You can watch it for free on the nfl app
Bulls shooting their shots like Rambo.
And do you want them to invite their moron friends that happily wear their badge as thought police? I sure as fuck don't.
it can’t be just that
Something about Kate Mara turns me on. She is not the hottest but knowing she is so rich adds a point or two
No. I played them earlier and made a little money. I can see them going below $2. Look at cnk instead.
He’s already said he will move away from Tesla after the m3/my are successfully self sufficient to focus on SpaceX in a prior interview, so yes that’s his favourite child, but he did raise this “adopted” one too.
It really is what you make of it.

I know my experience is different but I started in Australia before moving to the US.

My FB feed is perfectly fine.
Dude all girls on Tinder are saying in their bio they  want a relationship to filter out the weak guys
No thanks the Lakers are better.
Question... will all these car companies be bullish from 2021 to 2025? if so why not grab shares in them all?
Hell yeah !!!
[removed]
Code
Good work
Site for futures?
PLUG’s chart actually looks very similar to TSLA

It spikes, then downtrends before eventually spiking to a new ath

I’m gonna start shoving a few PLUG shares up my ass every week
I like my BMW a lot more than my Audi, wtf are you even on about
Nck, I see your posts and I’m in. What strike and expo?🚀
Don't matter, Brown is lock
God I have to watch the Russ YouTube supercut again. Some of the best content out there
The butt blaster one or the original?
NET jan2022 90c, TWLO Jan2022 400c
No need to thank us for your 500% GME gains by Dec
We got pumped and dumped bro
Think MT will hit $100 by June?
Like an applause for another Green Day?
[deleted]
The article talked about gaming going digital, but ignored the revenue sharing deal carved out with Microsoft leaving readers misinformed, this article was designed to misinform readers.
I'm actually surprised people still mentioning GOEV. I thought they all ded.
Fr
Dude, there's only one company that sells the software. Very good economic moat.
Use your inside voice. And we're doing good
[removed]
MARA holders hairlines receding by the second
ARKK to 300
Sounds exploitable.
[deleted]
Rotation out of Ponzi and into NIO🚀🚀
[removed]
Corvette Corvette 🥶🥶

Pleas Browns don’t choke this
Nice another green week for Tesla 1000$ EOW
[removed]
subway
[deleted]
Stream east
The fuvk is that?
But.... but Cathie Wood said it would be 100k...
Wait I see red? That's illegal.
NET to 300
This next play gonna decide this game smh
Geez, Steelers gonna take the lead!













Soon
If it gets posted here all day long followed by 🚀🚀🚀🚀 it’s a meme
[deleted]
best of luck to you tomorrow homie
leaps
Yeah lemme know. Always ready for more info.
[removed]
sportsurge.com
Same
Totally agreed. Tankers basically use asphalt as fuel. It's nasty stuff. Either hydrogen, while not perfect, or carbon sequestration would be good for tankers if we're looking for environmental benefits
[deleted]
[removed]
What are they saying?
Say word my $NGA, you convinced me 😎. We outchyea! $NGA to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Is MT still a thing? My paper hands are starting to get soggy.
Thanks for responding and actually explaining. I’ve truly done research and apparently just suck at this. My question:

Is it riskier than buying just 1500 worth of stocks? Which is better? I’d fuck with this stock for 1500 (call or shares) if the only possibility of something going wrong is the stock not jumping. I’m confused on the risks vs just buying shares vs calls
Why is the dip getting dippier :\^)
PLUG to 100.
Glad I sold MARA at close.
Wym? Investing in companies that make computing software for fake money is bad?

Anyway ICLN 32c 2/19 because if we don’t go green we’re all fucked anyway
Futures never matter... you can feel the momentum.
[removed]
Just finally put away all my Christmas gifts. I always feel like until I put them all away that Christmas isnt officially over. 

Maybe I really am retarded
Marketing and Economics.
Aint nothing
[removed]
SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN
Promise?
I agree that SAFE and STATES have a higher probability short-term than the MORE act to pass and it puts the LPs in a bad spot if decriminalization is delayed with banking available to the MSOs... but that also means Acreage and Terrascend now have financing options to help them grow as well (without the need for money from STZ/CGC).

Acreage literally can’t build out Florida because they don’t have any money.
You're ugly
Oh no. I actually bank on it. I bet on stupid 101% of the time.
Circuit up
lets get spicy and fill the 3745-65 gap
Bro just buy the $35C Leaps
[removed]
Me reading WSB: LIMIT DOWNNN

Me looking at fute: -0.5
Excuse me who?
2021 is gonna be the year of the tanker gang /s
Market is reacting to the browns blowing their first quarter lead of 28-0. Tragic.
# Any PSTH bulls here ? How are we looking tomorrow
Nah not at all...The Ba Sing Se Exchange is the gold standard of Asian markets.
Lmao tell your mom to post her DD
Uhhh 🙋
Saaaaame
any1 on amc?
Don't forget your wig
Facebook is a cesspool that needs to just fuck off.
Anybody got a link for the Steelers game
They don't need to hide. They can just "forget" or "lose" it, if it exists.

If there's ever any intelligent life in contact with us, I'm pretty we are more more likely to hear about it on a massive global event (eg: mass UFO sight, public appearance, attacks, etc) than through a congress statement.
[removed]
Circuit breaker tomo?
[deleted]
Just remember losing out on potential profits is better than making none at all
Damn you could have drove up to Wendy’s, ordered around 3,300 99 cent nuggets 6 pieces and fed the homeless in your entire state lol

But instead you wanna waste money 🤣
Shut up about NIO.
Dude.. shut up are you joking? 😂
Shartcarn
[deleted]
nah we still here
He loves CCP though
Poor people do it to themselves.
We demand 381 before open!
Great story, script, casting, acting, score, and cinematography.  Very few films hit all of these at the same time.  So incredibly well done.
Always was 🌈
[deleted]
[deleted]
The new M5 comp is as fast around most race tracks as a GT3-RS. And that’s without a tune, which can add over 150 hp for only a few grand and not void the warranty. 


It really is one of the best cars ever built in those terms.
I thought it was sideways gorilla face..
[deleted]
This chart looks like my girlfriends astrology calander (her boyfriend let me look at it for a few minutes)
Communism blah blah blah but Marx was absolutely and completely right about that. 

It always has been and always will be a class struggle. Other conflicts are just distractions
Tinder girls who are looking for a serious relationship while putting their OF link in their bios must be the 8th wonder of the world.
[removed]
TSLA is about to get clapped so hard
I take comfort in knowing that people will still buy my PLTR 1/15 30c’s I’m selling. Long live the Theta Gang.
Thank fucking god you posted this. GG OP. 

After over a decade on Reddit, this is one of the only subs that I read these days because everything is being taken over by the CCP shills and 🌈🐻’s.
Inflation? Don't know him
All of this dialog was directly obtained from GME DDs. I'm not joking...
Do you live where Tremors was filmed?
Why are you lying to this poor man lol. It’s only up 19%
Thanks for sharing.  I  don't need convincing. Been holding GTII since its RTO.
[removed]
Just trying to get my picks out bro now harm
Spy up 2% in Zimbabwe
Steelers comeback = steel comeback = manufacturing comeback = New Deal = Market Bullish
Yeah, cant really disagree with ya, I just imagine nowadays there would be a need to be realistic about their reduced capabilities to keep large scale secrets, and they'd want to have greater control in crafting how the whole thing is framed before the very real possibility of news getting out in an uncontrolled way.

Honestly toss up though
[deleted]
F
[deleted]
Diamond hand boys, no panic! Options might be in shambles but remember Stonks only go up.
Wtf Reddit trying to Jack Ma us?? Fuck that. This is the only subreddit I haven’t been banned on for freethinking.
tsm calls
Put call ratio on this some has become whack lol, why do u care if market tanks or rips? You can make money either way, calls are just green flavoured tendies and puts are just red flavoured tendies.
Preach. I haven't traded in months but this place rocks. Also bagholding two calls for March.
R they really about to come back...........
Bout to do that
Not that they singled out DKNG but whatever they approved wasn’t something DKNG covered. I’ll see what I can find. Maybe I heard wrong.
what the fuck is gsw doing
Bad but then good
Ducking autocorrect blowing it
Which one is that again? Politics or shartcoin?
If it continues to climb I'm definitely going on a cruise as a celebration. I'll be 21 which means I can go on the cruises by myself too!
Watch his recent video on nio day, pretty sure he’s still holding
It's not your fault realtards are hiding in the masses of retards
I just don't get why nobody seems to realize that Elon benefits the most from the company's inflated share price. Just look at how many shelf offerings/convertible notes that the company has issued over the past year. Tesla is able to raise 10x what they normally could with 0% interest. Elon is a smart guy. He knows what Tesla is worth and is taking advantage of the situation, albeit at the expense of shareholders. I'll bet you that all of the publicly available information and future growth assumptions that are currently baked into the share price were 100% known to Elon when he made his [infamous tweet](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1256239815256797184?lang=en).

Elon doesn't care about money, or stockholders, or his fiduciary duty. He just wants to get to Mars, and if he needs to dilute/pimp out shareholders to do it, he will.
Id fuck Kate no doubt
[removed]
[removed]
Its a generous offer, but we choose circuit breaker
This will moon once they merge... See NKLA & XL FLEET. Are we sure merger is in March?
[deleted]
This is why I love this sub. I look away for one weekend, and when I come back you guys have me looking up corn futures wondering what the fuck could possibly be happening with corn.
Ban
I have a single VSTO $25 WEEKLY. Any thoughts if it’ll go up or down?
All my homies ride the bus.
We pull our tendies together and we build a new social media that’s uncensored and you can say whatever the fuck you want
Just get in riot and Mara leaps...
yeah looks like a ban on the way... do not click?
Holy fuck I’m stupid af.
Godspeed smooth brain, keep running around yelling and screaming at everyone cuz you’re not gettin chips💀
Don’t kid yourself. Dems are gonna take full advantage of owning the prez, senate and house that they may only have for 4 years. 

It’s gonna be a flurry of bills. And they won’t have to send them back and forth for years cuz they’ll all be on the same page.
Yah
Picks*
Lmfao Cleveland trying so hard to lose this game rn
MARA & RIOT top buyers got their lives flashing before their eyes rn
Steering wheel comes separately and cost an additional $1k. When you honk, it's the apple start up sound. If you want the normal horn, it's an additional 1k
Which
I'm interested in BILI as well but poor af to yolo. All the best to you
[removed]
Dacia Sandero.
I spent 2k on to the stars academy. Check it out.
[deleted]
Just trying to get my pick out
Jesus be with you
[removed]
It’s the “some of you may die are you in?” For me
Rule #4 jumping off a cliff, so are the Browns
If you actually listen to him and read his real twitter posts you would see that he is a genius and a master salesman
Flair me cos my username is unpronounceable 


“Puto el que lo lea”
CCL had 8 billion in October, now they SHOULD still have a year left. There is still dilution potential though, so who knows...
I mean I’m autistic but I cant read it cause its not in English dude lmfao
[removed]
I personally don't get excited for the accessory plays. I get the whole gold rush argument and though there's probably opportunity there - but I don't think they'll quite capture the hype wave. Also, I don't think they are going to the giant equity deals and partnerships that the big multistate operators will. just my opinion
ICLN $35 1/2022 Leap checking in
Awesome man.  Buy some ilcn shares for her.  I'm doing the same for my 4yo.  Good karma
:'(
Doesn’t agree with my positions but funny enough for an upvote
Papa Musk is the definition of chad. He banged two chicks at once while gayler snorted coke and abused meth like a retard
At 140 NIO would be the second most valuable car company in the WORLD. 44k cars sold last year. That bubble would pop real quick.
oh damn steelers actually kind of clawing their way back
What do the other sixty-six and two-thirds% of posts sound like to you?
[removed]
Thanks. Too bad it’s private. Buy more NIO I guess :)
ItS a LeGiTiMaTe InVeStMeNt AnD cUrReNcY
Holy fuck I shoulda bought those riot puts
Honestly if it wasn't for that Kevin guy on youtube talking shit about them and pointing this out, I would of just listened to all the fomo shit everywhere else. Still seems like a good company and they got a LOYAL base, but they ain't tsla.
You people are honestly brain dead
“Buy the hype, sell the news” about to strike again in a fantastic way
Had a crush on her since Her
I'm pretty conservative, I usually sell when I'm up 20-30%.
Yup
No 🚀🚀 won't buy
one thing conspiratards get right imo is that the real issues have to do with class and not race. the powerful people definitely just want to keep the poor people poor and keep them distracted by making them hate each other, it’s infuriating
Spy correction incoming? Or more 🚀
still buying NIO for sure
Really?
I believe in ICLN but you have a huge target on your back.

You ain't hiding.
Don’t click on this. He posted it in like 6 different subs.

BAN
1/15 100p
😬😬😬
rams in lambeau
I'm concerned alot of people going to get fucked by TSLA, considering how expensive it is and how probably 85-90% of this sub probably can only afford weeklies on it. I've been around long enough to see this happen time and time again and I do not think itll end well for call holders (and the whole market tbh) this week. Hard run ups inevitably to lead to hard profit taking and people that think TSLA is exempt are going to learn the hard way to take profit where you can.
I understand this point and think it's valid to a degree but the current market situation is very unpredictable. We're at ATH, currencies are volatile, oil is volatile, pending tariffs and trade agreements, it's really hard to be super confident that any one stock or etf is going to head in a specific direction atm. These are the times where hedge funds and professional traders that know how to hedge their positions effectively make their worth
Woot Woot 🙌
It'll actually be cheaper than that by June
Holding 1030c 1/15. Gonna need some space-x rocket to send this to the moon
havent seen enough PLTR $50c posts
Only a true WSB retard would pull this move. Big fan.
Enjoy that auto mod warning. ;)
you know what buddy, gl
Bought TSLA poots on 1/4 and 1/8 if they print I’ll give myself the vasectomy that I haven’t had time to get
Upvote if TSLA/GME dropping 10% means you get margin called and go bankrupt tomorrow
we cant talk about gay bears anymore? are you fuggin kidding me?
Well there is a 'business update' tomorrow...with negative news it might be your chance!


There is also NCLH and RCL, which could be better opportunities. I'm married to CCL because I've held since May...so I have to hold for tax reasons...
Got a TSLA 1/15 1080c. What do I do
Yeah my $700 1/15 put would actually not be dumb af anymore
If CCP is here, FREE Jeremy Lin!
Can I change my flair at least lol
GME gang we ready for ICR week! Daddy Cohen taking us to Mars w/ thee richest man in the world 🚀🚀🚀🚀
no shilling foreign stocks needs to get added to rules
Congrats in the incoming Lambos
-20% tomorrow
[deleted]
Tiny penis is cool, but what about “mods personal bukkake assistant” 🤓
I love this. Why take 3 days to get a -20% correction when you can do it in one then blow off the top the rest of the week 🤑
I didn’t hear that. I’m all ears. That would be disappointing. Why would they single out dkng?
They never teamed up the deal never was made between the two
[removed]
😂😂
[removed]
Haha. Y’all just see Mike Tomlins pic? 😳
Or sell "custom" ready mades that are built to spec to  run different AAA titles at different frame settings and resolutions for different budgets, your 12 year old cousin wants to play fortnite? here is a $500 PC with integrated ryzen graphics, a single stick of ram, but a nice case with some led lights, he'll be happy, if you want to play cyberpunk with full raytracing but don't have the time to build your own, or can't be bothered waiting for packages from newegg, then spend $2k and get an RTX3080 equiped machine off the shelf.
There is a market for pre-built machines that don't completely suck, not everyone wants to build their own (but they're forced to) absolutely no gamer wants to buy a Hewlett Packard from a big box retailer, because you can't game on that crap.

Look at what mightyape here in New Zealand are doing. This is absolutely an area of future growth that gamestop (/ ebgames) has ignored.

https://www.mightyape.co.nz/computers/gaming-rigs-gear/gaming-pc/gaming-pcs?q=stock~instock

Stocking parts and selling retail isn't a direction I'd want the company to head in, those who build pc's piece by piece don't usually buy their parts from brick and mortar retailers, they research online, then purchase online. The shit on a retailers shelf sits in the same dusty box for years.
Got a friend named Aang who’s an insider
[deleted]
what’s the difference between riot and mara
We're about to get hit with trillions in stimmy. Bubble isn't going nowhere.
Sure dude expose us yeah cool fuck you too snitch
Green tommorow?
When the rule 4 is done correcting, I hope you’re ready for absolutely legendary run through 2021.
Welcome to the death of free speech so many of you cheered on since the MSM is gospel and orange man bad. He being in office was actually one of the last lines of defense and hope that 230 could change to not give the tech giants so much control. No matter if you agree with what is being said or not free speech is one of if not the most important things in America.
Elon should do an 1:800 split to make Tesla a penny stock.

That’d be the greatest way to meme the market ever
I was thinking this when I read it earlier
A lot of the issues with hydrogen are sort of solved when utilized in large oil tankers. Tanker ships are notorious for using the shittiest oil produced. It seems like hydrogen is promising for them
Positions or ban
Options have expiration dates. Almost always, they expire on Fridays.

A weekly is an option that expires this Friday.
A monthly is an option that expires in a month on a Friday.

Most options trading happens w expirations on the third Friday of the month (historical).

Weeklies are cheaper, but more of a gamble.
Ducking browns blowing it
They can’t because it’s not real lol.
Call this number. They got you broseph. (312) 642-9260
You got banned homie. Welcome to the gang.
4/16
Yeah everyone loses their shit over a couple percentage moves, if that, wait until we see a real correction. 

If you're super leveraged or all in FDs yeah that move is scary, otherwise it means almost nothing
[deleted]
I rewatching LOTR after 10years, how is this thing so amazing?
stocks only go up retard
Don’t fucking do this to me browns.
Agreed, and while his DD was not super insightful, it did provide sort of a boots-on-the-ground perspective on the cultish loyalty of NIO fanbois in China.
Man a bunch of pussy boys in this thread. M5 is a fuckin dreeaam car.
Where do you find this
im 135% into gme shares at 19.4 my bro hold me
[removed]
PLTR going to moon this week. Unintended consequence of the Capitol invasion. Biden administration now understand clearly, they have a huge domestic problem. Big data deployment is here to stay. PLTR 30 EOW...........thank me later. 
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
so basically hide out in ICLN for the next couple of days...
Ya you’re fucked, nobody is even going to want to buy your stocks till they’re way down. Just diamond hand it bro, sorry for your loss 😓
GOEV $30c Feb 19? What we thinking fam?
lol it won’t be that cheap again until after the next split
Limit sell at 41.5k.  I think I did okay.. is this the beginning of the end?
Papa elon is the only father we all have, and the only one we need. To the moon baby!
Expiration for a call contract 1/13/2021
You sonofabitch I’m in.
Can someone please explain what gamma squeeze is? How can stock price be a function of options if option prices are a derivative of  stock prices themselves?
All forums and social media on the internet are inundated with agents from Israel, the USA, Russia, Ccp and pretty much every other major power out there with an agenda. Not sure why this is surprising for people.
Just [this](https://twitter.com/CopalCapital/status/1347676606312026113).
The premiums are insane
NIO up 25% in the Ba Sing Se Exchange
All the while playing games in your AppleCar downloaded from GME.
The Italian Affidavit written in English? Seems legit.
I thought NY ruled out any type of online sports betting that would benefit DKNG? Heard it on Friday on CNBC  I believe.
We making lower highs on Nasdaq boys. We bout to go to Mars with Elon
Are they inferior? I don't own one, but they're more fun to drive than a Tesla or all but the best Mercedes. I'm partial to Audi, but BMW is still solid
[deleted]
Sounds like a good fucking company but they're already up like 300% they'll probably keep going up but I am a 🌈🐻 and my brain won't allow me to make gainz. I'm looking for stuff that's not up yet, seems like everything is already up 300% though.
sacrifice
RH for iPad sucks. Wtf
Definitely. My guess is that travel sector stocks that are the same as they were in March last year are likely to rebound when everything blows over and people need to cure their stir crazy.

The only thing that sucks is that there's no growth right now, so there are technically better investments. We're probably early to the game, and we're missing out on gains elsewhere.
Correction time
[removed]
No, you're right. Pump pieces everywhere these days. Stay frosty girls and boys
Are we still on WSB....?
I dont think you know what an etf is.
Inside scoop is CMC is going to blast earnings tomorrow. Ya heard it here first. WE ARE STEEL TEAM 6
[Here is the Price target link for NIO ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nio/comments/kunuep/bofa_upgrade_pt_70/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Yea I hear that. Stock options own me
[removed]
I wanted to so bad especially looking at daily chart but figured I would get some at open because who knows with these retards
By night shift, I meant here on wsb 😊
Nio bulls in shambles
Nearest truck stop and start sucking
A quick -20% Tesla day would be sweet, I’ll hop back on like I got a theme park fast pass
hAve fUn staYing pOoR
[deleted]
[deleted]
That’s the thing, there doesn’t have to be a pull back... ever wondered that maybe this is just clean energy going up to an appropriate base price now that there’s a president and politicians that can and will likely support its future? I’m not saying it’ll go up forever over the next 4 years, but perhaps instead of being single digit stocks for long periods of time, they’re simply rising rapidly to an appropriate level where they’ll level off
[removed]
[removed]
Hey everybody, this guy’s talking to a girl! See, nobody cares.
May your dreams be filled with tendies
I’m jacked to tits in AMD, NVDA, and TSM. Hope they don’t die tmrw
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
*Let's make up something that wouldn't exist and make a post about it*

*Then use a hypothetical on the thing that doesn't exist to further talk about the possible growth of a company*
[removed]
IM NOT FUCKING SELLING
[removed]
You are also missing 

Lowes (LOW) and Home Depot 

When you go and buy your new windows and insulation and energy saving appliances - that's where you are going. 

🚀
I want a correction so the r/all normies go bankrupt and stop spamming shit tickers
positions or ban
It's called genius
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bad choice of tactics trying to appeal to us with sound DD. Should've gone for a meme pump in stead
Ive been posting daily for three years, this is an alt. I was here during MU, amd, nvdia, analfarmer, 1rony, trade talks, 1 month bear market, december 2018. Everything we're still here bro
🌈🦀
It’s ok it was 20 for a second
Roony MARA so hot right now
With stylus steering.....
That's my biggest fucking complaint that they don't allow options trading to extended hours. I mean I get why not to an extent, but fuck it open the casino man
How them mara calls lookin
Bubbles always pop eventually. It takes a while tho. And then you buy that fucking dip and do it again. 

Bubble has a long ways to go before popping. We’re about to expand green energy on a global scale that’s never been done in any sector at this rapid of a pace. EVER. 

The depth and breadth of this green energy expansion is the largest in history, by like 1000 fold. It’s gonna be a rocket ride for a while.
Yes. Especially considering the FSD would be recurring income via subscriptions.
I think the higher, the better

Do you care about technical analysis?
Should be there by Wednesday close
I hope so
[deleted]
[deleted]
I got 100 shares of mara at 25.58 and buying 100 more shares tmrw if it goes down A LOT and selling covered calls
First move since I 3x’d $1500 on BA & NCLH in June, I can post those if you want :)
But for what reasons?
You could just copy and paste it here, so we don't need to create an account
[deleted]
Pacman can't find it plz 2 halp.
From what I've read, the MORE act will be a hard sell in the near term. It doesn't have the same bipartisan support that other legislation has (e.g. SAFE and possibly STATES act). 

Let's say SAFE or repeal of 280e happen before a triggering event, which I feel is likely, then the American companies get to further growth and build their boats while canopy watches from the sidelines. 

The devil will be in the specifics of the legislation -- I just think there are fewer barriers for the US companies -- they are gaining mindshare everyday.
You get what you deserve if you buy crypto
Volatility
[deleted]
Name checks out... your post is also poetic af... I'm in baby. PLTR calls tomorrow morning. To the mooooon🚀🚀
[removed]
[deleted]
Im right there with you. I will leave reddit in protest.
[deleted]
Lol
Shorting gay TWTR tomorrow
Bulls in Lambos. 

Bears in shambos.
ICLN ITM is safer, OTM is more gains, buy it and check it weekly at most
This place really is special. One of the last safe places for people who like throwing shit back and forth.
[removed]
😆
Psth bulls ain’t even worried bout tomorrow
Going back to pennystocks.
Is sentiment in here super gay cause Sh1tcoin is tanking?
[removed]
Autobuy engaged
I dont care about people trying to lose their money. I care about them trying to censor us the same way they ruined the rest of reddit.
Mara and riot calls tomorrow
Flair of yearly return
Yeah, that’s like everywhere now dude. TDS is real.
Umm check again we got time in this hoe
[removed]
Buy GOEV hoes . see what I just did 😝
[deleted]
I got some weeklies at the bottom as well. Are you gonna sell at open or hold?
Wrong cisco,ibm,yahoo and many others where legit just overvalued and they crashed hard.
Feels much younger than it did early last year.
[removed]
Alright guys i need a big dick play to turn my 2k into 5k by the end of the week or I’m screwed
This is the way
The article is exactly ass-backwards. It should have stated:

"Even as the investing world continues to short GameStop, the prospects of bankruptcy are in doubt." 

Just because they publish analysis doesn't make it competent.
Thanks
Is there a retarded discord I can get in on or something just in case? DM me :D
ICLN to $29 would be a delight so I could leap the fuck out of it
You sir, hang big dong
Used to. Would prefer not to do it again unless it came with great stock options or something. A lot of them would screw over everyone that works there if it meant their stock price would go up $.01
I've bitched about this in plenty of posts, but I chose not to go to college because I didn't think the tons and tons of debt was worth it. I don't understand why everyone says that millennials got screwed by college debt when *they chose to go into that debt*.  And I don't know why I should feel bad for someone facing the consequences of their own decisions.
I already got my 1/15 850 puts on Friday before the close
Since when is an M5 garbage? Unreliable and expensive, but still great
This is the problem with fake currency, there are no halts to save anybody
[deleted]
Unpopular opinion. I tend to agree with the tactical approach. We’ll know soon enough.
jesus, -20% from the ATH lol
giddy up!
Half of this sub are kids with no fucking clue on what they’re doing
The full movie of this is even better
after doing 2k stimmy, 5 trillion infra bill i think they're gonna be busy for a while figuring it all out.  maybe they green deal instead of infra bill but i doubt it.  besides if they do it all this year what are they gonna do in 22/23 ?  get green deal in 22 and try to get the midterms.  or maybe hold green deal till 23 get dems to show out in the election with the green deal as the lure.
Soybeans no lie 🚀 it’s crazy
IF THE STEELERS LOSE OUR STEEL CALLS EXPIRE TOMORROW WORTHLESS
I bought one of the corns 🌽 at $130 and sold the exact top at $1300 🤠
[removed]
Wow sh!tco!n just popped
This made me remember how much I miss Macho Man Randy Savages’ promos
Is that the Vice guy on Alex's shoulder?
I think might have to do with weak dollar.  All I know is like a Boomer 🤡 on Friday I sold some QQQ and bought more ZROZ.  Only investment lost money on in the last year and I am buying more.  Maybe it saves me if there is a crash but more likely it just is an expensive hedge.
Could be Rodgers year, idk
Dip
humans are so brilliant and so braindead at the same time
[removed]
meta
Every person who comments anything subway or Chick-fil-A related is so god damn salty they missed the boat 

🤡🥖🤡🐔🤡
For those of you saying BoA $70 price target for NIO need to post your sources.
[removed]
[removed]
Most likely lol. I'm gonna start DCAing below 30k for this exact scenario
You got a github?
[deleted]
S&P Futures down 0.5 %, 
Autists - “time to kill myself”
[removed]
Why will PLTR 🚀? I sold last week.
Im gonna sell mara puts at open
Tech unbelievable how strong it is
are they making a covid vaccine
[removed]
Can I please get a 20% day from vix pleas 🤞🏾
How is this racism retard?
[deleted]
So should I buy spy puts?
👆🏻
Hey dont get me wrong. I believe in Tesla, im not against the company, its the valuation im talking about. And Toyota sold 4Million worldwide and thats lows numbers -21% from 2019.
I should have searched it, but I chalked it up to a WSB thing. I did check the sidebar though.
the first sentence made me LOL
Lol and it will lose 30% right after 1 week of driving!
My co-worker telling me he read Jimmy Buffett said you have to know your investments a few weeks ago was my indicator.
[removed]
[removed]
APPL plz be kind to me
I hope we dip down at open so 🏳️‍🌈🐻can sell for small  profit then we rip straight up to tendie town
themarket.china? What is this commie bullshit?
They're cashing out to buy the dip tomorrow
If they ban WSB i will uninstall reddit in protest
calls always speculate on an upwards trend. he just placed a strike price that wasnt as far out of the moneh
browns fans bouta make they drawers brown
[deleted]
What strike and expiry you gonna all in on
Why
Awwww yeeeeeyah
really bro ? you have an audi a3 ( everyone knows they are the cheapest and most unreliable audis ) and you are bashing a guy who has a bmw M5 ?? Lol you guys are just out of this world lmao
GRWG. you’re welcome
[removed]
big discount tomorrow. he messed up
Did you create this Twitter account just to pump PSTH?
Revenge of the shrek dongs all gay bears are gg
Oh, god. Look, I know where I’m at but.. I can’t let this one go in case you really are that stupid and someone even dumber comes along and believes you. 

You don’t treat crabs with penicillin. Crabs are  pubic lice - a damn tweezer would be better than penicillin. Cheese and crackers the shit I comment on. 

But yes. Long on CVS and Walgreens.
I mean I sold a couple of things in my Roth Friday but damn just hold and hedge and keep cash on hand or something.
It’s a trap
They always stick their heads out every couple weeks just to try to feel better
Started from the bottom
ALL IN
Wow! Is this because of option? 
 I must be on the wrong side dumping more money into stock hoping it will climb
Why doesn't wallstreetbets have its own domain yet?
Just saying the guys against loan forgiveness
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Mad I sold my 20c way tooooo earlyyyyy
This place has been garbage for over a year now. Who gives a fuck at this point if some more autists come lose money
[deleted]
FFS it’s the same every goddamn sunday. Futures are red, the bears are in a big sweaty pile jerking eachother off, then we open at ATH.

The way it sounded I thought futes were *bleeding.* SPY is down $2. **It dipped harder than that on friday.**

Fuck 🌈 SPY 390c 2/19
this is the way
How does that knowledge help you?

That's what we're all victims of.
I noticed lord cathie sold a shit ton of TSLA on Friday in her ARKK etf. She's the one who predicted teslas price reaching these heights... if she is selling. This is a potential warning sign.
Lol idiot. Look at the chart it’s like a million miles outside of the bollinger band
futures down, that means tesla and nio way up miright??
I know bro this is nuts.
[removed]
Uhhh why?
lol
Better than no flair
[removed]
Imagine saying buying tsla dip at 850 and corn at 30k just one month ago🤡
[deleted]
r/suddenlygay
They're cheap but the delta is low.

There's no magic going on.
The funny thing about Digital Ponzi is that it trades 24 hours so half the holders wake up to find their accounts completely fucked.
As long as the bubble doesn’t pop and we make it out, Jerome Powell should win something. He jumped on this shit fast and got it heading in the right direction.
That makes sense because Hitler and Musk are both gay nerds
Innovation of what? Do they sell the data to Google, etc?
Slow it down, I'm a fast reader and this shit still have me epilepsy
That chart is literally beautiful
We still here
[deleted]
You're high if you think that's infinitely sustainable.
HOLY MARA
Sold my $10 leaps a few weeks ago. AMA
[deleted]
What price does riot open
whats the news with MARA?
ya M5 is a wagie car. real autist money would be an i8
Cause you’ve been to prison
Sure. I get you. But how does buying a call, a derivative, make the price of the share go up?
LMAO Tech futs not even half a percent down😂😂 Gosh you really do be overly dramatic WSB. 
Prepare for a moonshot kind of day tomorrow🌚✅
It’s true I bought TAN at one point lol
I guess it's time to move on. No one from the OG is around anymore.  It was fun and thank you for all the laugh you guys bring me last year.
Red Monday’s are illegal. One more time for the people in the back. RED MONDAYS ARE ILLEGAL🗣
I do have gold, I am very confused
So Tsla puts finally at open?
Scared
Hold uppp hold upp
[removed]
Fubo is basically flat from where I bought. That move was too much too fast. Freaking nutty.
Keep taking dirty I'm almost there
Because you speaked the true true
[removed]
#FUTURES ARE FAKE AND GAY
#BEARS R ALWAYS FUK
[removed]
Rip
[removed]
Probably turned $10k into $11k and used the cash as a down payment for a lease.
$26.51 call? The fuck kinda strike price is that?
You too huh
Bull r fuk
🤚
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Clown emoji
[deleted]
That guy crashes the market regularly. Bring jpow home, let 🥭
Best way to shake out weak hands is to dump it all at once.
‘Looks to trade above $15 in the near future.’

This is the analysis I come here for!
I don’t see this dip as a bad thing. We’ve literally mooned so hard since the market re opened after Christmas. 

If you’ve sat there at any moment during the past week thinking “wow, I can’t believe I’m making this much money right now” or “wow it’s only the first week of January, I’m gonna kill it this year!” then relax. 

Pullbacks are a part of the market, let it breathe for a day then watch it continue it’s mission to the 🌚 on Tuesday
When the buying stops, the drilling starts.
Love to see those DKNG leaps
That's a really interesting question, and I don't know the answer. I will say that I just paid $5K for historical options data, after writing code for months for my new bot. 😬

You are correct that volume is a signal worth examining. I haven't really backtested it, though. I'm not sure if it's as strong a signal in predicting tops, as it is in predicting bottoms. I think declining volume on a multi-day selloff is a good predictor of bottoms. We saw this in March 2020 and March 2009. The idea is this: bottoms are formed, not when buyers come into the market, but when there are no more sellers. When there are no more sellers, the only direction is up. 

It's hard to get good intraday volume data.
🙏🙏🙏
Fcking LOSERRRRR
love it lmfao. i was out last week during the DC stuff but you might have waited until the perfect time
M-T or Em-Tee, the global steel gods. EmTee to Mars (with Elon on-board the mission, & CLF! ).  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎🤲 through expirations the next 3 months   
 & up to 2 years out!! Get in quick, especially because Robinhood just banned purchasing of shares/options on their platform for ADR's. Europe gonna hit big off this play too! All the indicators are unbelievably bullish, on top of sleepy joe's plan.
[removed]
Yeah. I think MODS are working on trying to address this Slim Shadyness.
Sources please. Post your sources.
[removed]
Good luck retard
Look up the definition of "opportunity cost"
ARKG still gonna be a G tomo, 200 next.
Please don't pump it. I need to get in first
Pay for gold pleb
Pretty disappointed with WSB after the 'CCP infiltration' debacle. The guy who made the DD was most certainly:

1.)  actually Chinese

2.) retarded

3.) not a CCP shill trying to take over reddit... yes those might exist in the news subreddits but Xi doesn't need fucking WSB to pump Nio lol

Then again, everyone here holds a grudge against market makers so what could I have expected.
Both bulls and bears are waiting for a dip 😏
What is the 1/15 news?
because you're edgy
Maybe fubo will return to the moon too
That’s the move.
His Username does check out
Hope you’re right! Then my 1/15 $15c print niiiceellyyyy
What’s the news
Always was a documentary.
ICLN or ARKG
This crash will not affect all stocks. Just the shit ones.
Same
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because the kindergarten has single-handedly influenced stock prices in the past. You won’t find another group of 1.8 million people who trade like retards.
[deleted]
Why is my deposit from Jan 5 still pending on robinhood wtf
?
Conspiracy- they want us here for when they take the company pub.  They know we’re tards and will buy it up.
I have a TSLA 1/15 $980 call - not really sure how I feel about it
Follow your gut..... it’s usually right. There are still good dd posts though.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is the way
What’s going on with RIOT? Have a buddy who FOMO’d in last week and was trying to convince me to get in before it hits $100
/SU futures green ;) value stock
I love you dad
did someone say PLTR 30?
It's almost like you know absolutely nothing about investment and technological innovation.
So you’re not bullish on ICLN?
[removed]
Load up on LAC

Feb 19 Call $25 

January 15th news will be released thatll catapult this shit to the moon 🚀 🚀
bruh if i get rewarded for bagholding volatility shares long term im gonna laugh so hard at my autism
[removed]
Hmmmm

I’m hella long term bullish on GOEV but got impatient losing money on it everyday for no reason. Might have to buy back in
Rip to all the mara bagholders tomorrow
GME GME GME
Getting in today
Its not racist to hate a government body, everyones kno2s the CCP are cunts like the US Gov
$125
Huh are the big bois rotating into bonds a lil bit soon?
Why is my flair a date?
Nora virus gang checking in toot toot. Let's do this.
What are you talking about, the reason is a lot of stocks had insane runups this past week
[removed]
RIOT/MARA BAG HOLDERS RAISE UR HANDS 🙌
Goto lcn-exchange.com on the ingame phone to buy stocks then do assassination missions, Lester tells you what stocks to buy
[deleted]
That guy looks like a pedo. Ban.
I applied for a mortgage in 2007 and was approved for $280k. I made around $50k a year then and my payment would have been about 55% of my take home pay. Fuckin banks were dumb as fuck.
[deleted]
i'm not OP, but i don't think it's bearish. planes go down, and it's not always the manufacturer's fault. if there's a dip it'll get bought up
Clover health☘️ & Li🥋
Damn you found out. Would've made gme drop to 0 if it weren't for you meddling kids
Puts on me.

What a dickhead.
Capitulation
[removed]
VIX gonna rocket up at open then deflate thru day?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck off man just go read other shit and quit complaining. You been here for like a month.
nflx puts confirmed - thanks!
the only good player. 

rip the raps
Futures
Should I dump my life savings into CORN calls?
Food for thought: GME outperformed as everyone was selling out of other positions due to short/margin call. If you aren’t on margin and have a sell order for a specific amount, chances are you can make out healthy when everyone is hurting next December.
Exactly right. Gonna force some paper hands then those that know it's inevitable going to $1t+ market cap will buy it all up.
[Check and check.](https://static.digit.in/default/thumb_100393_default_td_480x480.jpeg)
[deleted]
S&P don’t go up tonight, T bond don’t go up, VIX future don’t go up. Guess I’ll buy coffee bean
[removed]
[removed]
Around here I think
Its totally 100% no doubt about it going to be Stripe unless its not.
[removed]
Felt ballsy, bought TSLA weekly puts at close. Hope that trade doesn’t age like milk.
[deleted]
And there's plenty of research into batteries that don't use lithium. Do a lick of research yourself. Innovation always follows demand, and money.
Source? I don’t see that. Googled it.
Chiefs vs Saints.

Bucs are a fraudulent contender that struggled against a 7-9 team.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
As long as tsla is above 870 by end of month
The stock market is how money is transferred from the impatient to the patient
*dip to 250

maybe $400 EOD tho
[deleted]
Idk bro. I don't have access to the bot
Im in it for 60k shares. Average price is $18.83. Also have two april calls. 
Honestly some of the crap i see bid up these  last weeks like fcel and qs, why not gme.  With all the shorting, there are going to be buyers.  The company/ stock is a long way from becoming insolvent.  If they start showing even a small profit and improve their outlook, in this cheap money stimmy world, its going up.
Who gets ahead when bananas cost 5$ each?

Who is in trouble when they own a truckload of green bananas, understanding the bananas will start to turn yellow and brown and be worthless in a short time?
Can someone please explain this as I am very interested in doing this. I’m trying to research it and I do NOT fucking understand what going monthly is... ahhh someone help!
true
[removed]
It expires 1/29 😎
God I almost fomo’d into them friday AH
I scream to everybody who will listen in my Facebook to buy TSLA. I just want to see how big the bubble gets. Some men just want to watch the world burn
Chiefs!
Holy shit this drill, hoping we see 20k again
U mean dip to 800
Because I have calls.

Also the car and earnings coming up. Perfect storm for a run up
Just pre-ordered my NIO.


They don't deliver to Portland, tho.


Renting a boat now.

10 Feb 26 60c
RIP my MARA calls
0 rate
He’s probably dead already
[removed]
Eat fresh
NVDA looks bullish
Treasury yields at highest level since March crash right now.
Sell order placed for 100 shares of GME at $420. Hope it hits soon
Raptors are also crap this season
No
The point of my thread was about traders’ lack of conviction. No matter the circumstances of the market as a whole, conviction with trades is representative of your own confidence that stems from your research. You simply cannot use the excuse that the metaphorical “bubble” is going to pop in order to justify your lack of confidence and conviction. Traders now have 0 backbone and point to lofty valuations to give themselves reason to be scared and even lazy.
They're using Nvidia AI
Screw Chinese companies. Screw them all. Don't buy that shit unless you want to strengthen the CCP.
03/19 $400p. You?
You can't leave till you lose it all
Bro I bought to close out of my puts Friday. Thank fuck lol. Go to Nio or SKLZ haha
Confirming intelligent alien life might actually be a good thing for humanity. Would give everyone and all countries a bigger picture and potential threat to think about and focus on instead of the constant dick swinging contest between everyone here on Earth.
[removed]
What the fuck happened to Oubre's shot
no dip, only gainz
Exactly.
[removed]
Alexa play man in the mirror by Michael jackson
It doesn't matter what 1 moron thinks other morons are able to do.
Haven’t jerked off all week. Here’s my chance
[removed]
Calls on MAVA
Heading to Pluto 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Does all this red mean my NIO calls are fuk?
they gay mods gave one but they took it away. exactly how 🐻🌈take my tendies
[deleted]
Got called out for fucking COVID testing yesterday and missed buying 12/11 SPY puts because of it. Gonna be deeeeeply red tomorrow.

If it opens <-.5% I will buy 3k of 0 DTE puts from 1-5$ OTM
[removed]
Selling my MARA shares at open. It's free falling and not stopping till 25k max
Tesla will quickly dip to 850 tomorrow only to see 900 by lunch
I've learned this at a young age. People love stupid shit and anything that is convenient.
More than what is now
btw why did my name get uncensored and then recensored?
Whats that got to do with anything? I'm not even sure what argument you're trying to make with that paper..
[removed]
Well i got 11 upvotes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUYvbT6vTPs


This is totally our swan song
[deleted]
Looking at sources outside the app and wasting clicks.
$100-120
[removed]
[removed]
Nio target price to $70 by BoA
Relax dude. None of this price action matters until RC starts the hostile takeover
I don't live in the USA, so I don't have a domestic manufacturer.

But if you want to know, the Ford EVs coming up are pretty good. They just have a lot of baggage in the form of debt.

But Volkswagen will kill it in the EV market, because they have a brand / car for every single segment out there. Tesla realistically is only selling 1 model at scale right now (the Model 3).
Both. I think we are in clear euphoria. Everything purchasable is going up. Retail investors are almost tapped. Even my homeless brother is buying shit on Robinhood and giving me stock advice. 

Also, the divide in the US will only get worse. This is a byproduct of Russian and Chinese disinformation campaigns. We are playing right into their hands. As we continue to become more divided we may even see an invasion of Taiwan by China or continued invasion of Eastern Europe by Russia in the next couple years.
He should go back to Parlor,

Oh wait lol
N n n nio
I’m pretty bullish on nvda and crsr idk about amd i havnt really looked at it.
The MORE Act that passed the house and will be in front of the new blue senate will decriminalize MJ federally, so that would be the triggering event.

I’m also siked about bio steel. 100% underrated and has the opportunity to make a splash in the sports drink market. Especially with the CBD.
The MM who is selling the other side needs some kind of hedge for his position. How many shares they buy depends on how far OTM it is but their goal to stay as neutral as possible, since all they really want is that tiny slice between the bid/ask, so they aren't going to sell to you complete naked.
Even if they do, that's next week. No reason for this week to be red.
I bet that guy lost shit tons of money selling empty calls. Let’s see if his toilet paper is worth anything. 1/15 950c @ open!!
Gme will never see $30 again
Asteroid mining will probably be a thing before that happens.

Another hidden growth sector for Spacex
Anyone else getting the vibe that DD posts have become more idk salesman'y? Has it always been like this? Feels like I'm watching a late night as seen on TV ad; reading some of this shit is painful
Lol bears coming out heavy today 😂 straight fear mongering on reddit stocktwits and twitter. You wont see a single bear by wednesday
Nope
Imagine thinking $140k/yr is enough to brag about 😂
Congrats bro
He’s using English
completely
lmao that retard called the top and we wont moon again till he loses it all
I just need that short term to sell this put im overall very bullish
[deleted]
Bearish Mr Krabs pattern is scary 😟
What kind of retarded stock is this?
Give -3% or stay back in your cave 🐻
😂
https://aggr.trade/
[removed]
Count me in
Calls on Chiefs vs Bucs for Super Bowl and it’s gonna be EPIC! 

 Chiefs gonna win tho.
Think about whether anyone wants to hear that from you.

Just start posting again.
BAHAHAHAAAHA
if you don't btfd tomorrow, are you really *investing*
O rly
Tomorrow will be the opportunity to get into RIOT, don’t miss it
Not if you owned stocks.
This entire paragraph is about your feelings being hurt from ridicule. God damn you bears are vageens. The only thing that matters in the market is if you make money.
Finally the weekend is over
[removed]
That’s what she said
Nope I think that red futures has no impact on upcoming clean energy stimulus, it’s gonna be a good week for us
money in, tendies out
Gab.com could work they have their own servers.
[removed]
no way how do u do this
We got any new stripe PSTH rumors? I could use my fix
Where can I buy one of those ramen wigs
Puts on America
You want us to be fluffers for the minis?
Priced in
Nah... I just get grumpy at night and assuage my temper by lashing out at strangers on the internet.
Stfu
I'm a bot. All Gain/Loss/YOLO posts should include screenshots of positions. These posts are either small potatoes, spam, or big moves which don't show position details. Users are not banned and can repost with better screenshots.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/drhalxx|[Ok boys Bernie is bringing TSLA down](https://i.redd.it/daaob2noela61.jpg)
/u/ur-mom-lesbian|[My only post graduation money. GME 🚀🚀🚀](https://i.redd.it/1qbxmly4hla61.png)
/u/concerned_osu_dude|[Bring on the autists](https://i.redd.it/hvas9pjcpla61.jpg)
/u/bl0ckburner|[So will this Apple/Hyundai news save my dumbass yolo from the day of the Apple split a few months ago?](https://i.redd.it/x27mrmdmpla61.jpg)
/u/ill_be_ya_doug|[🚀🚀🚀 finally did something right.](https://i.redd.it/z3ac3zshvla61.jpg)
/u/Eightbiter|[First real year of putting in](https://i.redd.it/oqwn2kmgwla61.jpg)
/u/DKN3|[But high... Sell Low Baby! $YOLO](https://i.redd.it/ob7t3vtj9ma61.jpg)
/u/omac_dj|[tesla has treated me right past year & a half](https://i.redd.it/ahfhpf9ucma61.jpg)
/u/dhsmatt2|[PSTH, DKNG and BFT to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuu41m/psth_dkng_and_bft_to_the_moon/)
/u/omac_dj|[tesla has treated me right past year & a half](https://i.redd.it/bfmz68hhima61.jpg)
You're fine
The best thing about diamond hands is that I actually make money, taking it from paper hand fools.
Personally disagree. I think inflation will be priced in sooner than later. We've seen growth names multiples expand on the back of a weak economy and low interest rates. Large growth names comprise the majority of the indexes, and imo they won't perform very well and we'll see factor rotation into value and out of growth. Big names like AAPL MSFT etc. may not get hit as bad as, say, $ZM $PTON or $TSLA, but I'm of the belief that we see a large rotation into value. And once that inflation becomes a reality, Powell will raise interest rates, and the TINA effect will be no longer as we see money start to pour into bonds once again in the future (not near term, more like 2022+). The fact that long term rates are not only increasing since the GA dem sweep, but *accelerating*, is a cause for worry for names with bloated valuations. The tech bubble popped and the market got crushed while earnings continued to grow, price is not a function of growth rates, it's a function of valuations which are largely dependent on long term rates for those big growth companies.
Number 1 question to ask is what happens if we throw Kurt angle in the mix?
[deleted]
Semen demon
First one's free, Burry.
[removed]
Betting Toronto wins this game easy 3 bagger? Curry is off
Damn, qcom didn’t recover until 2013
I can only hope. Tryna buy low
Unless trumpies are arriving at riot 2.0, were green by 10:30. Book it. 

I’ve learned 3 magical words.

BEARS. ARE. FUK.
Said the past 15 years, and remember your're  there forever
what's happening to them?
There's no link it's a paid research document.
Sounds like a plan B)

I also think IF there is some correction, we are insulated being in the travel sector!
Wait what?
Okay what the fuck is happening to corn? ELICorn.
Is that car only for China?
See you at sacrafice
AAPL
commodities tanking. shartcorn tanking. usd rising. hmmm
#I AM VINDICATED

We have now passed the previous low of 3:28pm which means **I no longer sold the absolute bottom.** I can now rest easy this evening dreaming of regular-market-hour tendies
seriously. so spicy. was gonna thetagang that shit but now i'm not touching it.
/RTY needs to run back up. PJs don’t fuck me!
My man ✊
[deleted]
[removed]
$75
[deleted]
[removed]
You have it too? Fuck I’m jealous
Price target raised to $70 by bank of america
Me-tard, You-tard, Newtard nation.
yall make me feel like a demon if you summon me like that.
[removed]
!RemindMe 6 months
Lizard people confirmed.
Lmfao what the fuck happened?!
🌈🐻s into S&M, what's new
There’s a stock market on GTA V. I just YOLO’d on a med stock company then killed the CEO of a rival company. +47%
Was the stone driveway included in the yolo spendings?
SUBWAY
Try LSD
Lfgggggg
Fair. That's why the top recommendations was $MSOS which is NYSE listed and has options.
NVDA, AMD, CRSR locked and loaded for CES and earnings

We mooning or is tech still fuk?

Kinda recovered on Thursday/Friday but not really for alot of tech

AMD surprising the hell out of me by not testing $92 for the 10th time in a week tho so next stop $100
[removed]
Well done sir,  that's a big achievement
Gotta get the pump from sweden.
I’m trolling, obviously you wait til it pops then by calls. I was saying QCOM is currently nearly double the price at the top of the bubble. So if TSLA follows the same trend, 2040 is when it doubles in price
[removed]
Im buying tf outta this dip and then selling covered calls
it’s hardly any news at all. an old plane went down with bad pilots and it happened to be Boeing.
The build up of blowout ER expectations, expectations of being the most profitable FAANG company of 2021, EV headlines left and right, the stock itself has an actual attractive P/E ratio particularly compared to it's FAANG cohorts, and all of this news has taken place *after* they hit a well deserved ATH after spending several months being subdued. 

But personally I think the real catalyst will be the stimulus announcement.
You serious? Maybe you shouldn’t be trading options on RH if you don’t even know how to click on a button to show you IV
PLTR moons if they can get some dirt on the people who are involved with the Capitol storming or future "plans".
My friend is from USA working in China. He said he doesn’t see NIO around. Mostly Tesla and other brand cars
Your heard it here, _TSLA_ to 290
Ah rate cuts... we hardly knew ye...
A bottom is 0 unless it's puts and calls.

It's probably closer to 50%
Okay I’ll do that, thanks
Maybe /ES is just scared? Has anyone tried cheering him on?
[deleted]
I’m ready for the experiment. Bring it on!
I'm not hating on anyone who finished schools i think it's a great thing and i admire everyone who took the time to go to university. But at times i feel like me never going to college was one of the greatest decisions of my life.
What price will ICLN be at in January 2022?
I got one of those two.  I was disappointed because the context I used it has nothing to do with the gay community.  It was about the stupid Warren “buy the dip” meme.  If legit 🏳️‍🌈🐻 were in here telling us to stop, I would.  No question.
Get a prison tat, you cuck
1/15 calls have crazy theta, Tuesday might not be the worst time to cash those if it rallies by then
What the fuck are you tards freaking out about?
Wrestling is a real sport lol
TSLA bears been out in full force since market closed on Friday and TSLA went down 1% ah
I bought VXX $19 C’s please do not let me down I’ve never played vix right lmao
Futes are fake & gay. Relax
Damn my bad, I don’t spend much time here, maybe I need to start doing so lol
Are my NIO 69 calls I sold for this coming Friday safe
4chan is definitely next for the purge 

Could be it’s last week of existence
I think its user access on BOA . I found the website but can't access equities reviews or anything of the sort this looks like. Maybe its from an app (on the phone) and with user access features as a memeber. 

WHICH, may be a good thing IMO. as Its likely theyll make this public very soon ...
[deleted]
Nio will die tomorrow
$70 according to a billionaire
[removed]
Congrats to the friend on the 10K flip to make money. But also not smart to blow all that money on a BMW M5 Comp Pack. Expensive to own, expensive to insure, and expensive to maintain. On top of that, it’ll drop value insanely fast. These would be good on a lease if you can write off some of it in taxes. 

A lot of well versed people in finance or wealthy people, they even just drive cars within the 30K to 50K range. The only true people that drive and own cars in the 6 figure range are well established millionaires and they wouldn’t be betting 10K. They would bet 100K, long term holds and all while flipping property.
BAN
MARA so long friend
Stilll holding pltr calls
The growth stocks and tech like Tesla are toast retards
fair enough
will lock tmrw
More reason to go towards free market society's, also Fuck the boomers and trads
This makes my May 35c’s very happy.
Could be big. Martha, Snoop and fucking Seth Rogen waiting in the wings. They better hope they get into the US soon cause they are burning up that cash.
"Look at Tesla" pretty much said everything I needed to hear
Fyi to add full self driving for the model 3 is like an extra 10k
Print my $1260 1/29 calls please
I agree
Woo hoo MARA bouta be on sale tomorrow
[removed]
You’re out here buying shit without checking iv??
Good for you! We love you, you weirdo !!! 🤗
But it’s a Hyundai.
Yup but at least it will be a Supreme box #hype
Tendies and a KFC console, whichever way I can
This is the way
[removed]
How do u execute a rollover on Robinhood??
[deleted]
[deleted]
OKAY BOOMER!
Less risky?  Not sure would say that.  Going to zero is a very distinct possibility for one or more cruise lines.  Government isn't going to bail them out.
Thank you... Puts at open for me
Where can I read up on this corn war?
I'm up 180% on TSLA and more than 100k and not even thinking about buying a car. I want to be a teslanaire before buying a Model Y.
I did a bit of "research" and found a few things to check out for yourself of you are interested in GOEV, I only skimmed a bunch of random articles without checking sources

Hyundai Motors (and Kia) double down to invest $87 billion into GOEV over a span of 5 years to develop smart electric vehicles, with an ambitious goal of over 25% of total auto sales being electric vehicles by 2025

Hyundai Motors just acquired an 80% controlling stake in the creepy robot company Boston Dynamics

Hyundai is working with Apple on "Project Titan", an electric vehicle project. Will GOEV be involved with Apple's smart car?

Apple's smart car is projected to hit consumers in 2027, and be sold as an "experience" that changes our perception of auto travel. Think if Steve Jobs achieved ipod level creativity and success with electric vehicles

BlackBerry has entered a deal with GOEV to produce for their cars the ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance System) aka the computer/software of the car

Now imagine it's 2027, and the first fleet of autonomous, electric smart cars hits the streets. Branding by Apple, sold by Hyundai, designed by GOEV, programmed and secured by BlackBerry.

Subscription based smart electric vehicles.
[deleted]
Fish scale ?
If Earth got their act together we'd all be eating Kangaroo legs.
True
same
500k yolo trying not to go to jail.
🧻🤚getting shaken out


💎🤚getting blow
After another split sure
China commodities contracts are puking all over the place. I know their slv and gld are following our move  on Friday, but they have 3 different commodities that have hit limit down.
NGA please, sorry I had to do it 🤷🏻‍♂️
Hopefully no one dumped a bunch of money into RIOT or MARA.
Can’t say anything bad about Cohen Chewy is an amazing story but the pet industry is also skyrocketing. I mean Petco is IPO’ing this week, or also check other stocks in the same sector like Zoetis, Freshpet, Elanco, Trupanion all of them are killing it (well ran yes but a growing industry).  Video games are probably growing even faster HOWEVER GME’s business model is broken. No one buys physical games anymore specially not in a store. As per consoles most are purchased directly or via better ran retailers.  It’s simply a broken business model.  There are so much better companies why invest in a lottery ticket.
Kinda surprised nobody has brought that back as an F2P game.
Got three 1/22 calls two weeks ago...plan to load up more through the year
Dope movie. Dope soundtrack.
Anyone got a quick LEAP strategy they’d like to share??
For the love of god, stop spamming r/wallstreetbets in that fucking ask reddit question on the front page. 

The last thing we need is more morons from the rest of reddit in here. 

Do you want to destroy the sub? They will censor the fuck out of us because they are too stupid to realize it's just jokes (sometimes). 

Also, petition to hard ban anyone who says this was a bad choice to be here. Get fucked
[deleted]
Downvote for all that and no GME 🚀
That would be the case of a certain party hasn't dedicated itself to absolutely irradiating unions around the nation, skilled trades would have higher pay and benefits. The "Right to work" bill is the dumbest thing to have been created.
lol Nope. Audi A3 for daily driver and 1976 Celica GT for weekends. Not everyone here is poor bro.
I'm thinking of jumping in after the next correction and holding for a few years.
Doesn't seem like that long ago..... Thanks
Bullishly bullish
I loved how NPR reported that Trump was attacking Biden’s family when he simply pointed out Hunter Biden’s corruption. Pretty fair. 

but yeah the media only tells us facts. I believe everything they say /s
Nice safespace, snowflake
IF it goes down because they buy FDs
Safe heaven
Not if he gets impeached tho :/
[removed]
I just bought puts on WBA pls dont tell me im fuk
Ha! You're right, they eked out a pathetic profit in Q1 while Tesla's deliveries increased!

Holy shit, you found the fucking unicorn.

I especially enjoyed the one article that said that they only made money because they weren't derailed by EV development costs. Which is hilarious. 

In fairness to you, I think Toyota will probably survive along with VW. Although I could be wrong about Toyota.

But let's take any domestic manufacturer. What do they have that's valuable, exactly? I hope you say engine production lines.
Both ded
Nah don't think so, news came out about this on Fri (1/8)
[deleted]
Ryan Cohen’s Twitter has me way too confident in GME. This shit is free money and it’s going to be so satisfying when the hostile takeover starts
“Just the tip” he says
[deleted]
1260
Might go a little lower

Definitely will go a lot higher soon.
TSLA bulls goto bed at an orderly time so they can wake up at 4am to buy more shares. TSLA bears don’t get fucked until 9:30, so they have time.
Gonna hold through Monday or sell those calls at open? I was already up 70% and 60% on my CMC calls EOD Friday.
If you were gonna buy a lotto ticket, why the hell wouldn't you get puts!?
[deleted]
What?  The ticker isn't there?
Who knows
Did someone say PSTH
Futures blood yellow
Damnit I like it, why did I have to like it .
What do you mean? You DNA test and then that data can be used to drive innovation
what business?
I just noticed that the model s has a [hitler stache ](https://www.consumerreports.org/cars/tesla/model-s/2020/overview/) on it’s nose. Seems like a bullish statement since hitler tried to take over the world, so should Tesla.
Wow, and how badly I regretted selling my RIOT calls before close Friday. Thank you god.
MSOS, ICLN
Just make an account with Schwab or Fidelity and initiate it from there. Schwab waived the transfer fee when I did this a couple weeks ago.
Battle being fought over corn right now. Sub 35k brings on apocalypse.
Are you doing lines or just key bumps out of this 8ball?
I've literally seen this copy and pasted in the Weekend thread.
That’s a big word for this sub. You mean when we are ask to living in our supreme cardboard box after losing max tendies?
You think this is bullish news for BA?
Maybe, but I also put in a bunch of orders to dump my TSLA shares tomorrow and I'm going to sit on the sidelines for a bit again.

If it goes like the last time, I'll sell, it will double in value, I'll jump back in, and it will go up a little more.
ya my cruise calls aren't printing.  might try again in a bit
Can i have an award dad?
fuk take that back rn
What does this mean, beyond that a correction could be coming soon?
Woah woah, what's with the hostility? I know what I'm talking about, and also know that you don't need brand new top brand equipment to host a reddit clone bro
Chris Bouche kid on Toronto is so good
Hello and go fuck yourself to all Renaissance trader bots reading the thread tonight PLUG MO BIDU BABA MARA PLUG RIOT JOE TSM TSLA WKHS
Click on the strike you want, then click the green Bid Ask drop down... voila
It’s a shame Webull only goes up to $38 strike
NGA is a SPAC?
Yea Bro they’ve been taking way too long, something up
sell your initial investment
I’m balls deep in Canopy.

CGC + STZ + Acreage + Terrascend = powerhouse.

Still have warrants for another 3-4 billy. They’re going to be flush with cash.
Yep. Learned that the hard way too. Everyone’s gotta pay tuition 😉
There might be a very real possibility the next round of stimulus- may not be the guarantee that everyone has "baked in".
Glad I went all in on TSLA puts on Friday
[removed]
Press bid/ask when ur about to buy
Let me believe
Im genX, fuck you lol

But seriously, ive been making bank trading. Ill invest again after the markets show some sanity.
MMs

We're mooning tomorrow though. Futures as usual don't mean sh1t and this is a market open bear trap.
Sector rotation into PSTH
So one sheep follows another sheep basically? Well, by that case Tesla won’t ever drop lol. Rip to my put 😎
You never know, it could work out given all the NIO news lately...  good luck!  My first option trade was a $300 SPY put contract that I sold for ~$1200 thanks to being a news junkie and guessing a market dump.  After that I lost a few thousand over a year of teaching myself what not to do.
Bro aldean? What about chatahoochie
Not in 2 weeks it won’t 🌝...theta will kill it
damn bro the bubble is finally bursting RIP
I think you are missing Arrival.

UPS/fedex/buses/DHL
[deleted]
Lol.  Your going to do this again?? 😂.
literally bought calls out of boredom on friday when i knew i should have kept more money off the table.  FUCK
Too poor for Tesla so I bought Arkk
I'm waiting for my takeout at a korean restaurant and the old lady working there is talking about investing in TSLA to her coworker. Should we be worried?
I’m not gay - i’m heterosexually *challenged.*
Depends on expiration
Damn couldn't even buy your own movie bro that's bad
Where is Tesla going to bottom out at?
They definitely are a good prospect, that Amazon deal has moon written all over it.
Correlation does not equal causation.
Was just saying the same thing lmao
Should I lock in my mortgage rate soon? I'm getting 2.67 rn. Probably wont go much lower?
I agree with you (I have no idea why)
IIPR entire business model is predicated on cannabis companies having limited access to capital -- if SAFE gets passed as quite a few are predicting within 6 months it's trouble for IIPR. 

I'm not super interested in the accessory plays so don't know much about GRWG. Basically they dont get me jacked to the tits.

Good luck with your plays though. Weed the people
Twitter is so temporary, get out while you can
mods where is my flair?
👀 r/WallStreetBears
Question is, who ISNT on NIO?
Yes!!
Here I go again.
Buy puts
god damnit I went to call you dumb and saw the username

go home you're drunk!
Preach nibba
Yes, there's a ban on people taking money out.

Stonks only go up.
Why don’t you just snort it?
It's funny cuz it's true
As much as I want this, I know it won't happen
MT leaps and it’s not even close
The most beautiful thing is the average remaining lease life is so short the retail business can be reimagined much more easily by incumbent management or Ryan. Either one leads to fewer physical stores and eventually the revenue should see a better multiple, like you lay out.
back in September, yes
I'll yell at Trump when he makes PLTR go down and I'll yell at Biden if he makes GME tank. All I see are tendies.
Lizard people
Of course, we must stick together
It does get pretty crazy, remember the morning when Jpow cut rate by a quarter percent.
22 boiiiissss
>GORILLA GRIP ON THEIR ASS

Ngl, ass was not what I thought you’d use there 😂
[deleted]
Your probably trolling, but this pattern of going vertical right before the pop is in the japan asset bubble and the 08 housing bubble so just be wary
Tap the option you want to buy. It’ll open a drop down thing with Greeks, IV, volume, open interest, etc.
Buy LEAPs and sleep.
LOW
He’s being sarcastic you bozo
So you’ll get the tattoo if it hits 900 next week?
You’re what they call “bear-curious” and this is acceptable.
Sittin on shares and calls. Sold a call. All on NIO. IM STRAPPED IN.
2:30 from now
How’s your boyfriend doing?
Pray CMC launches on pre-market earnings.
yep, instead of a 75k tesla in 2012 if you'd bought shares you'd have over 6 million shit shit shit
how do you do this
Maybe we were the smart ones 👀
looks like it. just look at the weekly chart
Sorry going to buy the url right now.
So youuuuuuuuu're the SPAC MAN.
Tsla sentiment was bullish 4 hours ago lmao
After confirming what was going on with the steel prices per Vito's DDs, I went for the Apr 30c because I believed in his PTs. A few weeks later, after MT was was trading sideways, I saw they added 35c and they were really cheap. I still felt really good about the PTs, so I got them (These were at $.33 when I got them on Dec 29).
Heading to Bass Pro to buy some Bear tags.
[deleted]
It looks gey
Thank you, fellow autist
Are you lost? Have you tried Hare Krishna?
No one tell him 🤭
It’s okay, I daytraded 140 shares in 2017 for a 70 cent loss, sold at 1.88.
Jake from State Farm is fucking everywhere, lmfao Hyundai too???
Nice write-up but would have been better in mid-December when the acquisition was announced and the stock was in the mid-teens. Judging from the share run-up, the smart $$$ is already in and may be looking to take profit. That said, I appreciate the thorough DD (love the "in French" comment) and will take a look.
To everyone shilling Boeing puts. You realize that the plane going down isn’t Boeing’s fault right. The plane was from the 90’s, Indonesia has notoriously bad pilots and whatever fault is to be had is on the maintenance company not the manufacturer. You’re puts won’t be printing.
As the price sits right now, it’s purely gambling
I think it would disrupt society and they know it. There is more downside than upside.
Man, I'm looking forward to the Crusade style DD to come out of Tesla and Musk.

Let's get some more Highlander lore.
Only if they’re __ ok nvm you right
ICLN

But I would go 32c 2/19 all in

Gives Buyden a month to say the words “Green energy”
say what you will, watching buttcorn price action is entertaining AF
WWE obv
Exactly. Trade on that shit, make bank. But investing when technicals arent supporting the price action without a strong economy is a bad idea.
How, Tesla goes up like 4% every day
[deleted]
Couldn't WSB just host and open their own website? I mean the amount of donations they'd get from all the tendies would be insane.
[deleted]
Facts
Gay, buy high sell higher! Stonks only go up!
[As of October, Carnival Cruise had 16 months of cash on hand](https://www.cruiseindustrynews.com/cruise-news/23641-carnival-business-update-16-months-of-cash-on-hand.html)


CCL is protected from a tech correction, shouldn't need to dilute much more with their convertible notes, and should see a lot of pent up demand as traveling opens up.  They are still down 30% after factoring in dilution, so there is still 'room to run'...


What do you think? Less upside but less risky compared to some other investments.
2am EST
Idk maybe... I'm holding nio for the long haul though so I just see it as a buying opportunity
Gme 20eow?
Why so sure?
94% of all seahawks fans said the same thing yesterday
Lol! Bubble talk about a boomer ETF.
HYLN has a .75 correlation with NKLA. Let me get out first!
yeah lol
Affirm is  a low key ipo that ain't getting pumped. The founder is a member of the Paypal mafia and on the same level as Papa Elon and Papa Thiel.
[removed]
Is there anything in there about my calls printing?
I have revised my price target to GME EOW 30 🚀
Pass
How far will the dollar drop after another $2-3T, UBI, Biden Care, & College loan forgiveness? The further it drops, the higher real estate and equities go, the bigger the bubble gets. We’ll all be millionaires, but it won’t mean the same.
What’s the deal with NVTA? I know the DNA testing and all that, but what else is there?
/r/investing and /r/wallstreetbets call option boomers in shambles.
[removed]
Millennials are fucked and no one cares. They've also been so poorly educated so they can be robbed and not know they're fucked.
That's the best play you could do I have 10
[deleted]
Iron hands
What if I'm a bear for literally only 1 day. Bought puts on friday, looking to get in and out
Fuck me and my 660 puts i bought at 12:59 amirite

Oh well hands of steel coming right up
Lost a shit ton of money panic selling. Never again
What you got?
They will mos def buy some!
[removed]
#TSLA ONLY SAFE HAVEN
deep state?
Is there a similar way to interpret volume?  When a stock sells off, usually volume increases - what does it mean if it's selling off on even lower volume than usual (measured on daily frequency)?
$DKNG bullish. NY Governor just proposed legalizing mobile sports. https://twitter.com/nygovcuomo/status/1348441017549266945?s=21
sorry. didn't bother reading the rest if GRWG or IIPR is not on this list =)
He's going back in time to January 2013
[removed]
TSLA 2040 Calls. Price is gonna be double the current price
Baaaaan
NGA? Northern Genesis? That's an acquisition company.. thr fuck is it doing with EV? In dumb please explain.
It's been funny watching both sides of this transaction argue over who got a better deal. 

AYR seems promising, don't have a direct position right now
If TSLA goes down tomorrow half this sub will be on the verge of bankruptcy
Found the bagholder
can we get much higher? so highh o o o
Are you using a grinder with that 8ball or credit card to chop lines?
Is there a way to see the IV before buying an option in RH? NIO weeklies tomorrow look like a fun gamble but the premiums are stupid.
The numbers don’t lie and they spell disaster
$30 minimum
Rip my portfolio
I’m long. Max profit is if SPY is at 376 at close. With the width of the spreads being $1 and I have 300 contracts, 30,000 minus the amount I paid for these contracts would be the total gain
lol I was really expecting futes to be greener than my dogs diarrhea this morning. Fuck
A
Browns are a "LOCK"
hopefully not
MSNBC and CNN spend WAY less time talking about conspiracy theories. Lol. It’s not even close dude. And no, sources like NPR and Associated Press are not partisan, let alone brainwashing.
When does Frankfurt exchange open?
$FDX broad formation in play (megaphone). Made higher highs and lower lows. 1h, 4h, 1d, 1wk help with this analysis. Lmk what you think!
The only flair I got was my nostrils flaring up
Buy shares of ARKG
My shares getting called at $20 this friday. Fuckin thetagang
Fuck that yellow mongo blockhead
TSLA recession proof
Imagine typing this out
You’ve been lurking on this sub far too long but you’ve never heard one of the most important sayings about the market? I’m not sure what it says about you, this sub, or both. Lol
Why would you get out of your investments when you can just hedge
I need it so my calls don’t get exercised
What’s your reason for the selling? Over priced market or the growing divide within the US?
IF, and thats a big if, we dip please buy the dip. I hate listing to all u tater tots complain every green day how u never get a dip to buy.
Tesla fankids thinking that TSLA it already took the world market out! by today's stock valuation, is ingeuinity and greed to the 1000000%

When in reality it would need at least a decade to be in Toyota, GM selling numbers.
Where is this from? Probably some dumb bear
Enron Miltboy did make it absolutely bonkers with how many lies he told
This news came out Friday.
You don’t have to fuck with country music but Jason Aldean and Morgan Wallen are people you need to buy calls on
Is this autism
[deleted]
People that get spooked are gonna be like "Why did I paper hand my calls on Tuesday?! I would have had like 15k!!! 🤬"
My VIX 30c weekly gonna print?
If you didn’t load up on ICLN last friday then you hate money and hookers and blow
what about em
Hell yea brother
I got 20 contracts |: lol
Best strategy is to sell it all than YOLO all in on it.  That way you're playing both sides and can't fail.
You have to steadily open doors or not every can get in... It will get jammed
Yes
What makes you think he’d like that - was there shit smeared on the wall and shoes in the freezer?
https://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/livestock/live-cattle_quotes_globex.html
[deleted]
[removed]
You do realize tsla was at 4k pre spilt or no
Well I don't see you making that point at all. I was just replying to your one comment stating "You can't act like every stock is a bubble bud". Basically the entire market is overvalued at these levels
> I am not an investor

Sir, this is a casino. None of us are investors.
2% in any direction is a leg in a short enough time frame.
LAC is already up 46% last week. Was this expected (already priced in last week)?
Moon ones, but I'm worried if tesla crashes the market will go down with it
I think this may save my 20c that I sold. 🙃
😉😉

You’re onto something
Fuck. Yeah.
Nice!
1994 Corolla with my gains 😎
Fucking hell of course ive sold a bunch of Vale calls and now its all 🚀🚀🚀
Its making money but not fast enough.
All for a custom plate haha
I’m still confused, so are you long or short. How do you win here
Sorry
incel gang
AYR about to pick up Liberty Health Sciences (28 retail stores and grow ops in Florida - 3rd largest MJ state) for cheap - def accretive acquisition.
based
I iz ain’t worried 😎
[Vauxhall Astra](https://c.encycarpedia.com/ci/4151.jpg)
Bought 5 of these last Wednesday as a lotto for $0.30, sold on Thursday for $0.90. The highest I saw these on Friday was almost $6 lol
Believe it when I see it
scoodi ni boodypee sabadasakataptataaaap

I’m the spac man
Stupid of him, but that’s a dick move on you. Don’t steal bro.
Ah yes, the autonomy. The promise 5 years in the making. Valued at extremes, deliveries TBD
[deleted]
He had a whole year until expiry dude. You're stupid af for not going long imo
its redneck music but i like it
CLF or X will probably treat you right. Made two different trades on those last week and made 150% and 220%
[deleted]
Lmaoo ok there guy
I was totally kidding. I rode that thing in the beginning until it was memed
Gets the people going.
Apparently yea, that’s what people think
Ive been looking at NVDA since september and it has been consolidating while making higher lows consistently and it  finally seems to be gaining momentum ; it might test the previous high within this month
Not if it’s powers by nuclear
I got 80 x 7/16 45c and i am content knowing ill be rich
[removed]
B1tcoin selloff?
Republican or Democrat, we can all agree NKLA is a piece of shit and needs to die right now
Eh maybe. Hyundai and Apple do appear to be in partnership talks and Hyundai is already partnered with Canoo. I'd be betting on Apple and Hyundai going up but Hyundai already has the IP needed from Canoo limiting their potential gain.
Lmfao no balls
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jkajr the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Let’s gooooooo
Looks like Parlor users are all coming to WSB, low IQ, pure racism
What the hell is 1/13 ?
keep losing retard, and post your fake gains while your at it pussy
Can you elaborate more on this please and thank you
🚀🚀🚀
The one built in China?
Last time when Fake currency popped, market dropped
So what’s that mean??
Never!!!!.... end of January early February **
Don’t need to I was there. I remember that post about $25 off rent like yesterday. Those days were honestly some of the best of my life. Before quarantine depression kicked in and I lost several friends to political/corona disagreements.

Thanks for the throwback though I enjoyed that
Those puts expire this week, don't they?
I think it's a long position to hold. They've bottomed out as much as I think they will, and at this point, it's whether they decide to stay in business or not. I'm pretty sure they will, so it's just the long game.

When they bounce back, we'll clean up.
Buy and hold long term
That's pretty much how I see it. They work because other people trade by them. There's no magic to TA. It's just that enough money is being moved around based on TA, that knowing the TA can give you an idea of what other traders might think.

If everyone one day decided that TA was bullshit, then it would stop working. Just my two cents.
Too soon?
[deleted]
[deleted]
What if a retard was already holding this as of Friday 😬 someone get my helmet 🪖
These dips are gifts. Any corrections short term will likely be technical corrections or caused by black swan events. Buy hard and buy fast. No mercy for bears.
Did all stocks die or just the ones standing on the moon?
[deleted]
Or Pork bellies...or Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice
[deleted]
I've been watching sugar beets. Whats going on with cattle?
They are the worst drivers. This guy with the can't "afford bmw". The most leased automobile in the US. They can't afford it either.
Assuming prices are similar which would you pref to spend your $1200ish on:

A) 
- TLRY 1/21/22 $10c
- ICLN 4/16/21 $36c
- MT 1/21/2 $27c

Or

B)
3 shares of Arkk, Arkg, Pbw, and 8 of tlry

Edit: Welp did the TLRY and MT calls that morning. TLRY has already doubled in value
Having RC "Chewyize" GameStop could only work if gamers were as passionate as pet owners.

Position: 15K shares.
If it doesn’t hit 140 I will be shocked
INCL gang
lol Gordon Johnson
Free sell alerts:

Get a friend to start trading options.

When he tells you hes making crazy money, sell.
u/cashflow_ the type of guy to stand outside an occupied stall and listen
Sell you retard.
Will my calls print?
Ima fan of the mango man

Give me racist redneck or some bullshit flair

Plz do me daddy
Putting my money in NIO instead where theres about to be a run up
I don’t think anyone disagrees, but it keeps going up. This market is about FOMO and momentum. Fundamentals are a thing of the past. This is a casino.
Futes are implying gain porn for 5G. Im so wet
[deleted]
My man
It is, but are you brave enough to short it? That's the real question.
[removed]
Where the hell do I even find that?
Who is “they” you’re talking about
Do it! **Ben Stiller**
Naah TOS, TDA is showing the correct price.
M 13$ 1/22?
[removed]
I like how the sentiment changed from "this is a trash company but we're gonna trigger a short squeeze" to "this is good long term investment" in the course of a few months. Now you have people taking pictures of GameStops with like 10 people in it and posting it as DD.
🚀🚀🚀💥🖕             

#🚀🚀🚀 is the only way
am I gay?
Think AAPL can hit 138 by eow?
Yeah but how many space ships and flame throwers and short shorts and memes did they make?
NGA🚀🚀🚀🚀

In at 15.65, already up 48%
[deleted]
ARKG, I’m heavy into NVTA
I have some but I'm laddering in. $icln is super overbought on the daily still. RSI is \~90. Hoping to get a better entry then I'm gonna pack my bags with more.
When I see new sports/luxury cars and its not a Tesla, I'm not too impressed anymore.
Pre-orders of the ET7 have  overwhelmed the #NIO app & smashed expectations, in the first hour of the ET7 being available. Numbers are so great there is already a 3 month waiting list! only 4 hours since launch ppl. Next wk PT $64-67 Strap in we going to the moon 🌙🔥🚀$NIO
It's Science.
🧙 ReFlExIvItY 🧙🏿‍♀️
I mean its kinda your fault, you trusted WSBtards even tik tok is better to find DD.
[removed]
Pic with positions or ban
800 ps
We need more wrestling memes here. I mean wrestling is a meme by itself so it should be free tendies.
Profit growth and margins (plus autonomy). However, if you’d like to keep buying puts I’ll keep writing them.
They opened one in the UK and closed it almost immediately due to protests about their beliefs.
Can't find it anywhere either :/
Where $Clov running to this week?
OK. Apple and Amazon are trying to butt in the EV game. They know they’re going to become boomer stock.
My point...making money is possible at ALL times... bubble or no bubble
If we come under attack we deflect onto r/gamingcirclejerk.  Simple.
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
AAPL. Earnings and EV news will make it rip.
Probably not a good idea...a dip does not = the bottom, and bottom is 0
I was thinking this as the riots were happening lol. Going to use use Palantir to trace social media posts of people involved to charge then criminally
You night shift folks are truly a different breed! I commend you
Sell the news on NIO day?
My nio puts printing
Shares are always good. Just hold and don't look lol
I think I’ll put trust in a guy like Cohen who wants to turn the business around versus some banks that are obviously short shills.
*fastest fingers won*. Hmmm idk sounds gay to me
Put your money where your mouth is with your money in puts
The one that was posted yesterday
What if this is a dip and montage starts Thursday
If only NIO would be 1/2 of TSLA I’d quit my job.
There is between GOEV and Hyundai and Hyundai and Apple. Not directly GOEV to Apple. However since Hyundai is invested in GOEV, it would make sense.
Damn no one is mentioning live cattle futures
Glad I held
My powers are weak now
Based. The real reason for "abstract art" existing.
Woot woot 🙌
Idk I’m already balls deep in one insane bubble, not sure I want to be in two
Same
Loading up on puts. This better work
Ive been here for some time now
[removed]
[removed]
No idea about that stuff, just know from a pure technical standpoint eventually stocks tend to give with a little pullback.
only down 6k today. no biggie
can you share the repo? i am a new level sof dev too and i want to see how you did it
Assuming options came within a week of this(\~aug 17), then a sell at the near peak this woulda made some nice gains.
Share gang rise up
[removed]
What? Dude biden ain't gonna do anything about a trump account lmao. In fact he probably want trump account to whine at him all day for silly things so he can cover up the big mistakes.
in
I work for a bulge bracket bank
Cuz 20 too low
ICLN seems like the play. What else in the same ilk should I watch?
Brainwashed man confidently says everyone else is brainwashed, and not him.
probably less of a reaction than the 6th?  lot of them are locked up now
Definitely interested in that
About tree fiddy
Clocking into work. Time to 💩post
[deleted]
I personally love bmw, but I hate the pieces of trash driving them. Outright assholes on the road.
Funny you mentioned that, buddy of mine moved to MA for a couple years so I changed my registration to that state to save on insurance and inspection on my all manual Toyota Corolla.  This was when I was very young, humble beginnings.
Replace with the US and hear how ridiculous and binary you sound lol
Well he's an autist
You can also win by selling options or buying/shorting the shares too
right before the dotcom bubble burst, stocks went vertical similar to tesla, tesla on top qcom on the bottom [https://imgur.com/gallery/lLghePu](https://imgur.com/gallery/lLghePu)
Holy fuck small caps at levels havent seen since...

Lemme check my calendar here

Wednesday
I know that’s my theory .  Let’s see how it plays out cotton
Here. Though some pullback may be in order this week
💯
Don't know what it would be worth now but I started investing in 2007 and put 2k into Netflix. Sold it a few years later to help buy a house but fuck all if I had kept those shares.
Think I answered elsewhere so forgive the lazy answer before

TLRY is in the process of mergering with APHA. 

Good: European prospects, some pharma involvement (Novartis) and big alcohol interesst (AB).

Bad: No US sales, M&A will be expensive for limited licenses, TLRY alone had terrible revenue growth, executives got rich, stock performance was basically a meme on low float and not sure it will fly again
makes me wanna
I need a kitchen nightmare-esque show where a real prtfolio manager tell retards how bad their portfolio is, and critiques their trades in real time then buys them free leaps and dividend stocks at the end of the show
[removed]
Lmao markets don't give two flyin fucks about Tether. It crashes and everyone will be like, "Oh no! ...Well anyway."
Hype
No but he just started using it recently. He’s all in dude. You can just feel this in your plums
No rockets? Hard pass
Oh my god is tether still playing games?

I stopped pathing attention after the first cc bubble and there were rumors about fake tether manipulation back then too like 3 years ago.
Why not though? They pretty much already have it drafted and you’d be crazy to think they aren’t working on amending it right now. 

Why couldn’t they pass it this year, it’s January?
Boomers probably going through Facebook saving picture by picture before they delete it not knowing there is a download all button
Don't doubt your vibe. Market will be green this week no matter what. Maybe SPY $390. Monday morning will be a great shake out. Buy the dip.
What article?
Someone have a link to “that thread”?
Which quarter was not profitable for Toyota?
Free money
Mara and riot call holders in shamble. Hope you didnt open those positions on friday or else you're -90% monday with that volatility
[deleted]
First time in response to corona videos I was seeing from overseas, I knew the “it’s just a flu” the media was originally pushing was bullshit. It wasn’t just Trump originally pushing that bullshit it was everyone lol

I also bought a house with only 3% down in last January and am up over 10% on that... 

This time I think it’s from vaccines being overhyped and us being in complete euphoria. Everyone I know is recommending stocks and cryptos it’s insane. I also think that Russian and Chinese disinformation campaigns are going to tear us apart.
Should've [let it ride!](https://youtu.be/lIhsgIOAP9Q)
Tesla $25,000 car confirmed?
You’re gonna get gapped... nothing you can do now. May just hold if you are still bullish long term
Looks gai wouldn’t be caught dead in that
10/1 split :)
[removed]
Taking out a loan to buy the dip
down to 0
I really want a correction. Not because I have puts, but because I want TSLA at something reasonable - like $800.
[deleted]
Do they have a sedan for sale now?
Bidu electric car incoming
Average down and hold is a better decision than paper hands
Jokes on you I already did last week
I predict market will open slightly down, cock tease bears for a minute then fly up to 3810 or so
Divide the options contract(100) by the amount of the reverse split. If the split is 5:1 at $25, your contract should have an adjusted price of $5. In essence you will have a $5 call or put, but it will still be at old price ticker as SPX1 and you will have to do the math on the real value in your head once it goes otm.
The sentiment around blink was already pretty shite, so this may welcome more shorts
[removed]
[deleted]
Average down but buy longer calls, no weeklies
I'm sorry you got downvoted for just sharing news :( idk about the rumor part tho
[deleted]
That’s how we like it
Try playing an actual sport instead.
tf are those rims though
$NIO $NIO $NIO
\^ guy who takes the bus or best case scenario drives a honda
BAC
Where are the NIO bulls??
They are though...
There's no such thing as a cautious bull. You either fuck or you don't.
Stayed away from SPY and went with INTC cuz it recently broke out of it's downward channel. Figured even if SPY doesn't tank, INTC would and get back in the channel hahaha
My buddy was recommended by TD Ameritrade to hold his ITM Apple calls through the stock split instead of taking profit beforehand. He got fucked hard
They close at 10am
Holding 30c 7/16 shits printing to 50 when that stimmy gets passed
[deleted]
ban
Tmr we either moon or it's more buying time

Win-win as far as I care😛
NIO > TSLA
Supposedly this time they’re supposed to all be taking guns instead of taking selfies, but who knows. Agree that it won’t matter to markets unless deaths are significant or of someone important.
Most of those people are fallen brethren by now. Rest easy retards
Wow he just set one up
Haven’t heard this one
Also OP mentioned r/GenZedong which I see is a liberal subreddit. Makes it even more Q-spicious. Hmmmmm. At the very least seems like a reich-wing attack.
My man!
used to, taken private by a hedge fund.  it sucks
Good time to get more
:(((
Lol imagine thinking the witching doesn’t matter after that Tesla action last time
Have fun bagholding silver  🤣  🤣  🤣  🤣
tHeY tRYInG tO shAKe weAK HANDS b4 STimULUS
[removed]
Thanks, very kind.
I went there two months ago, ordered fried chicken. It was alright but some parts look like they came from exponentially smaller chicken.
Like milk isnt that what people sayy
Nope, look at the pandemic squeezed quarter. The ONLY company that made money was Tesla. Six straight quarters of positive revenue. 

But you're welcome to try again. Try fuel injection systems. Those must be valuable, right?
Incredible correction this week. Back down to 290
[removed]
[removed]
Thats 5 grand tho 💀
I just wish I had more free money to buy GOEV.
TSLA is the #1 meme stock of all time. Im assuming you didn't want to count that one. 

GME:🚀🚀🚀
For sure lol
Is there really a link between GOEV and Apple? Looks the new Hyundai news broke 12 hours ago so markets weren't open for it to moon?
This is why I don’t do drugs on a Sunday.
MARA & RIOT about to be on sale tomorrow
🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
I agree, but it keeps goin up tho.
I just want it to quit teasing me and hit  $27 by thursday goddamnit
Fake-fuk until Biden announces the stimulus and it's many hand outs to the clean energy industry.
Pretty sure that would be a safe bet. 

$25k car rumored. TSLA runs on batteries and rumors. 

Bullish as fuck.
@ryancohen
I was going to say that the saucers will have LMT printed on the sides but you might be right too.
Fucking rowdy roddy piper man. What a legend
i would. she's due
I queue up some sell orders because I have too much shit to watch so i try to set limits to take advantage of IV in the morning.
Make something you can talk about clearly in your field. Write personal letters to people that might be interested asking to show it to them. Get hired.
oh they really mad in the comments. congrats for the car, it looks sick as hell love that bmw !
What happened to MARA? Will RIOT be okay?
Nah, I'm selling you your puts that will expire worthless

Learn who's your counterparty, brainlet.
Yep, as someone who bought disney at 140 and sold it last year at 110. I get it.
When is the next witching? Can’t wait for a new cycle of memes about something that doesn’t matter
Tether has to show proof by the 1/15 that they aren’t manipulating fake currency or some shit, if they don’t fake currency might crash, fuck that might fuck with the market, GME 🥺🥺🥺
Mara and riot gonna *tank* tomorrow
Put debit spread
Weirdly satisfied and I'm not even a 🌈🐻.
The nice thing about options is you can win with puts OR calls...
Or smart a d unimpressed by 20 yo bad life decisions
Dude this is cool as shit. Thank you!!!!!!!!
Okay boomer
Mediocre!!!
You're not the only one
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Morgan Wallen – Neon Eyes (A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU8iuS3vtm4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU8iuS3vtm4)⠀►►⠀ 2:31 / 3:47 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Different sub, same demographic of xenophobic losers who have a Pavlovian response to foam at the mouth whenever they see the letters C-H-I-N-A combined.
Roadster!
[deleted]
It’s considered DD which allows it to be classified under the “it’s not gay if you’re getting paid to do it” Statute
Wondering same
Can’t stop. Wont stop. GameStop 💎💎💎💎🙌🙌🙌🙌
That's free money
Lol you said nothing and never offered anything real. Good day. 

NIO is ugly af.
Gme is 100x better then nio
Inflation is going to drive the market higher, there is literally nowhere else to put money that will have a return not to mention Boomers retirements are tacked to the market. If Dems have a cohesive policy and stop COVID ie. end lockdowns/vaccines this goes way higher. A bear market is not tolerable for the population and their retirements. P/E ratios will not matter for a long time.

TLDR: Inflation drives this bitch higher for forseeable future.
the fucking comments ITT got me in tears 🤣
Alexa play Neon eyes by Morgan wallen
I bought MARA at 27 average near peak fml, do I sell at 9am or just average down tomorrow?
[removed]
they lean conservative. 

 [Which Political Party Do Small-Business Owners Identify With the Most? (americanexpress.com)](https://www.americanexpress.com/en-us/business/trends-and-insights/articles/which-political-party-do-small-business-owners-identify-with-the-most/)
Market is definitely opening tomorrow.
you should def take that bet tomorrow.
Finally unbanned let’s goo
[deleted]
I've been writing covered calls for 2 months and finally got caught and exercised on Dec 31. Bye bye NIO shares, I did make a profit and Gains are gains. But on the other hand my only regret is I can't write any now, IV is soooooo high right now. Did I really see 30+% out of money options for 1/15 selling for over $2 on Friday?!
There’s no DD for Tesla right now 🤣😂😂😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
Biden, stimmy, tax breaks for companies committing to clean energy.... if you can’t see the upside in icln your blind as a wuhan bat
[They had 16 months of cash in October, so now it should be around a year left?](https://www.cruiseindustrynews.com/cruise-news/23641-carnival-business-update-16-months-of-cash-on-hand.html)


Who knows though...I'm still nervous!
Impeachment
How long you want?
I DON’T SEE ENOUGH GME 🚀🚀🚀🌚
EOW 20 FOR MY CONFIRMATION BIAS
The song where the foreign guy is beating his drum and singing while sitting on a park bench while a cat is vibing to it.
He has a Twitter? What is it?
The backup plan is [bodybuilding.com/misc ](https://bodybuilding.com/misc)

If the misc goes down then you're already dead.
And let the melt up begin
For as much as you guys shill future tech I'm surprised no one mentions Qcom.
someone is being overdramatic....
Unless someone important dies it will probably be lackluster like Wednesday last week
Wtf kind of strategy is this?
I usually set my orders before open based on what I'm willing to pay for the option based on price history and potential catalyst. I don't chase orders, if it doesn't fill I'll use that money to buy the dip later.
Spoiler alert: THCB is grossly mismanaged and there will be no DA.
Until I see something that confirms my biases
No
wow its only been 2 years away for 6 years now
What happened with THCB?
MT, BABA or bust
No surprises tho
Idk Netflix is the Tesla of streaming and subscription entertainment IMO
a few senators who are dems may be against many major infrastructure deals
Same
Maybe, somebody bought at those levels. I’m not screaming bubble or something just know stocks cool off and flag when they hulk out like this eventually.
Honestly I'm so jaded that you can tell me china gives little kids ice cream on sundays and I'd probably tell you to take your propaganda and shove it up your ass!
The amount of people on WSB certain a correction is imminent means we probably moon all this week
How we feeling bout ICLN 39 7/16
Wait
With Biden getting ready to blow his 2t load into the economy that should drag this out a while longer.
Let's just make wsb an app, and then go public via merger with PTSH
[removed]
Apple or GOEV leaps stimmy is going to EVs.
Lol. Don’t let Tricia Paytas near your freezer.
Buy at dip ??
Market opening red tmm?
VIX does matter. It makes calls more expensive.
> half

Only?
Dumping shares Monday. Stock traded sideways for 60 days while the rest of my portfolio increased. When I use margin I want consistent gains
Wait why the first time and why now? You think corona coming back?
[deleted]
[removed]
Load up on calls then, jackass.
Basically every stock is a bubble right now
[deleted]
Anyone else go back to daily discussion threads from last year? Kinda interesting
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fo3bjb/daily_discussion_thread_march_24_2020/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
what is NIO?
I’m gonna edge myself all night in hopes of PLTR gapping up tomorrow
Just during, you know, any volatility. Been that way since 2013.
Nio is going to tank tomororw MARK MY WORDS
🧠
Hey fellow alum! 

I went to Androznychk Technical Junior College as well.
Is this ny two favorite things together at once? Losing money and wrestling? Where my r/squaredcircle at?
[deleted]
You will regret that decision
What happened to the wsb.gold tracker thing?

E — this: http://wsb.gold/public/dashboard/5aaaf624-7563-4c89-9f69-a91cc069acc2
Might explain why mobile being hella gay for me rn
TSLA 1500 calls expiring friday. Do it pussy. Do it.
What expiration and strike
[deleted]
Maybe, but what’s the rush? Hopefully we’ll see a little pullback, digest and moment of doubt... accumulate and get mad tendies while others paper hand if so
The only thing innovating about WSB is the level of stupidity
THCB to the moon once DA hits. Dat green energy big dick energy
[removed]
PLTR  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌜

But really, you're the most adorable of the Tesla 🌈🐻s. I'm gonna call you spanky.
I just kicked the mf open for both of u
I was digging it for a while but it seems never ending. I feel that way about a lot of marvel movies though
One theory is that it's because the brain region for genitals is next to the region for feet & there could be cross-talk and/or overlap between the regions. It's all sexytime.
Tend to agree. This is an additional risk for the Canadian operators. Maybe some canopy lobbying money can get them in but the narrative will be for american jobs and taxes in light of the pandemic .
Just using the top result on google
Green open. Greener close. Loop.
Can't wait for PLTR to be green pm only to fade away by 11:30 for the 97th time
This is d way
Also, sorry I don’t watch YouTube traders and retards who tell you what to do..... probably why I’m not as knowledgeable as your dumb self with morons who publicize their mental deformities through trading stocks on YT.  Fuck yourself and post some positions.
Correction I use Apollo for iPhone. I would switch though the Reddit app sucks.
Or TTNDY?

How does that shit not print?
yep, already dipped a bit here  though
[deleted]
[deleted]
Long term yes, short term time to correct
Well how do I buy this stock?
Parlor is down, they gotta hangout somewhere
Sounds like browns are going to win!!
Why are futures so fake and gay wtf
They likely have to pay port tax for each night their ship is docked. Gubbmint will get their money one way or another.
I got the inside scoop on this one company. Cutting edge AI. It’s called PLTR, have you heard of it?
[removed]
That’s wild that you never underestimated the strike price’s potential with as volatile as Tesla has been. Nice job on the conservative plays. Gg bud
Trading is when you give your friend something in exchange of something else and investing is when you buy call options and become rich
Not trying to be a bear here, but, honestly, the market should've drilled more last week during the hillbilly riot at the capital.

We didn't see all the images until the weekend. Paired with the fact that the congressmen went right back to work getting Uncle Joe signed in, it made it look less serious than it was

Those people had an agenda. Imagine if they found Ilhan Omar or something...?

It's a shame. SPY 400 1/15
THEY LIVE
https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/mOIqdr7U34J8ABDF6LOlxw I have been following NIO from inception to its lowest point up to where it is now. I was never able to buy in but they are making strides in the right direction. I have watching NIO and TSLA take off and I wished I had gotten in sooner. I am not an investor and my opinions are my own. Buy at your own risk
Exactly what I've been waiting for.
I would say you might just end up on a new episode of "My strange addictions" but there was already an episode about a dude who has sex with his car.
All in now
You are dense like concrete which is impressive, and you lack vision, why would most people talk about how they want to own a Nio car are only available in China? You imbecile. I can't be bothered to waste any more time on you, suffice to say you're cringe. Don't hesitate to respond tho, as I won't.
Oh shit when did that happen? We good in that case
Why do you think that? Market has been mooning for the past few weeks
S&P futures are down 0.5% rn so your shit still might print.
The absolute peak of retardation would be to buy a TSLA 1/15 $1000c at open
VIX can’t even get below 20
Cringe
 💎🤲
Getting a flair is like receiving a hot facial from the mods. It’s up to you how enthusiastic you want to be.
I'm hoping even a little of that RIOT AH pump on Friday is left in the tank. MARA though idk
guys.. stop thinking about your “shoulda woulda couldas” in the market. it’s very bad for your mental health. everyone makes mistakes and sells for losses, leaves money on the table etc. Let every monday be a brand new week, enjoy trading and play it smart. don’t let the market buy puts on your psyche.
Bomb. Recipe?
icln went up 100% in like 6 months
that can't be right
Listen to this autist. You like it? Fucking buy it.
good post, thanks bud
Long vol gang is gonna start winning soon
no?  dis+, peecock, HBO, amazon prime lotta competitors .. .haven't heard of any good orig content outta nflx recently too
why, what's happening?
I have no clue. I mean they've raised billions already and should have enough to last the rest of the rona, but I'm still scared :(
Second ... ban
40 more minutes til real WSB is online
Tsla may drop; next week
How can something named MOON even possibly go tits up?

ffs people it's in the name. Free money
Looks like a dead cat bounce to me (**I have no idea what I am saying)
How hard is it to put down a driveway like that?
+1
Congrats on the local game, I agree as travel gets easier to do, restriction gets tougher. Especially with the fact that they have counters watching the boards on their staff. Oh well, love the idea I was just a bit late to the game
be strong brother 💎👋 zero or hero🦸‍♂️
[removed]
What do the blue and yellow lines represent on AMD chart?
April 2020 this dude posts a video titled “Tesla stock will hit $70 a share” LMAO, thats $14 a share adjusted for the split. How much money has this guy lost on TSLA since then??

https://twitter.com/GordonJohnson19/status/1252297330830819328?s=20
Then vaccine for everyone and we get to speculate on how it changed everything
Strike and date sir?
Futures red like Donnies ass if he doesn’t leave the White House
The site crashes when theres lots of selling. Probably on purpose
Just getting started
[removed]
If you’re familiar with rise of the Q-anon quack conspiracy... it’s very similar to shit like this.

I’m more concerned now about the far right Q-anon quacks infiltrating WSB through weird shit like this than that Nio post.
this. Buy BABA
Nothing goes in a straight line in the stock market. Everything bounces, no matter which direction it’s heading. I didn’t say a strong bounce in the dollar I just said a bounce. Doesn’t take much of a bounce for the market to correct.
True true! Didn’t think it’d be to the Browns though haha
I dont speak 🏳️‍🌈🐻
But at 60% cheaper that's the problem
Mamma Mia!
RemindMe! 12 hours
spy pleas fly again.
2:30am
What research lead you to 35c and 30c April’s? I’m thinking of doing the same
[removed]
I would guess that more than half of WSB doesn't know the difference between trading and investing.

(You should have been out of your investments weeks ago)
Jealous. My freezer is all full of black bananas, starting to look like a sex shop.
Yep. I work at WEN
Why are there still 🌈🐻, when Biden is going to print trillions of dollars?
Anytime you see VIX brewing while ES/SPX is modestly down means the market is pricing in more uncertainty for whatever that may be building up.

After all, means the avg pricing of puts are building up vs calls. 

Sometimes it's pretty obvious when market is pricing in a correction like back in early Sep when everything is going to the moon but then VIX was going green as well.

Anyways this is low volume and early. I was just surprised it was at 3% that's all.
Dam it Italy leave you alone for five minutes and this happens

We a hacked a tha election
Im just wondering where you're getting this info from. If I owned shares of MT wouldn't I be given a notification from RH telling  me it was being taken off the app? Why can't I find any info online about it?
WEN
$MCD
This year will be Shopify
Just thought I’d say, AMZN is going to crush their Q4 ER EOM and going heavy on a Feb 19 $3500 Call
[deleted]
subreddit drama bringing up this post to, for some reason it never got big 🤔
Rising oil prices? You're aware that oil, coal, and all other dirty energy is what's charging these Tesla's right?
I do
Both
Shouldn’t have held MARA over the weekend. Oh well.
Nice try FBI
What time does the business insider pre-market open?
[deleted]
$WMT
this!
thanks
Yeah I replaced it with pen bc I forgot the name of the action and didn’t want others to get confused. I’ve only counted online and done OK. Looked for places I the north east USA that have better shoes (Atlantic city and the likes) and couldn’t find anything I was comfortable with.
Solar or clean energy might be overextended here. Seeing too many WSB comment about it
Believe it or not: straight to jail
Psychos already priced in 🤡
Economic protectionism will 100% ensure US operators win in US markets over Canadian operators... Full stop
Yeah that movie got some really undeserved hype after release. The mouse was pushing it haaaard.
Wait for 22k
Why do I have a feeling that “transcript” is a complete fabrication
Another fresh opinion: EV isn't clean energy, it's only centralised polution. Good thing nonetheless.
Buttcorn back to the price it was at...  
 \*checks chart\*   
...five days ago
pure paper hand
Biden doesn’t know where he is half the time. I wouldn’t factor in what he did in his pre-senile days to predict what the progressives will make him do the next four years.
[deleted]
This comment could be an episode of "yes, yes, no" on Reply All
My fear is all these articles talking about retail investors creating the bubble. We all know its BS, but if the bubble pops will boards like this feel some sort of regulatory clamping?
Hey yo!!!!
Who's taking profits from TITSLA temorrow?
I check all the pages for hidden gems and for stock sentiments to determine if half the pumps have sustenance behind them :)
Do your damn research to figure out which stocks you think are actually over or undervalued. You can’t act like every stock is a bubble bud
Seems like a cope honestly, I think it's better to let them think what they want.
Man people really want to live in a fanfiction so bad
Yes but the old version
[removed]
No one you’re the only one
Who works for a publicly traded company? Just curious if anyone here does or not
Probably going to dilute more. They need the cash.
this is the way
Shares when it comes to BABA. Volatile as fuck, if you’re really feeling calls fuck with ICLN
Sir that was Wendys
I’m feeding my sourdough starter and making banana bread cuz I’ve got some brown bananas.
yeah tsla is a bubble, who cares..
This
Wow cornbase is garbage lol I signed up for the $5 and you cant even get the app to load half the time
Why do you say that?
They lost the Aaple deal by running their mouths. Congrats if you bought at the top
well i don't know what you're looking at but i just checked and it's -.46%
I get nose bleeds
Your post was soo eye opening. I know now that I need to leave the world of investing in order to pursue my true calling, a 🌈🐻 contemporary dance theory analyst. Your gracious and innocent level of 🌈🐻ness is a marvel, to be cherished, and to be thoroughly studied by the greatest minds of our generation. I will seek out the assistance of Neil deGrasse Tyson and the ghost of Sir Isaac Newton in this endeavor. Thank you. Thank. You.
[deleted]
You’re almost as retarded for not going back and looking at the post by u/Altruistic_report105 , it’s almost like cold hard data & a phenomenal year of sales (SAM killed earnings last two Earnings).  Also noticed you seem to just like going around and calling everyone a retard yet I don’t see you posting or taking positions or making money 🥱 talk all ya shit bro lmfao
Lmao sane
FD puts make me so fkn randy
Diversification is when you buy multiple calls on different dates and strike prices right?
Any gamer knows SKLZ is booty
The better one but yes 😘
[removed]
Because some of the most active analysts here and on stocktwits have been playing theta gang, and got greedy selling ITM calls over a period with a catalyst event.
pleas fly*
Fuck you Peter
Us boomers don't want you young wipper snappers moving in to our neighborhoods with your loud cars and crazy music.
[deleted]
Is NAMBLA a charity
I’m more of a Virgo than a bear crab.
if you have shares then you'll be fine. Rest assured it will rise between 22 to 37 dollars in the next five years.
If the psychos do something psycho on Jan 17th, what’s the play? OTM SPY puts? Gun stocks? MARA?
How You Met Their Father  
What a great show
Anyone on NIO?
smart then you don't really have to own the stock - thanks
Ask again later (at open)
You should watch more wrestling promos
Can I ask how?
By Week 11 every team in the league had their offense figured out, not a surprise they’re getting destroyed
ICLN- can't go tits up
No I purposely made it “to” too is describing of excess, or too much. This isn’t the case
Zero
All hail Xisus Christ the poo man
We should look into setting up an OnlyFan site. Make something from this.
Thinking about it. Not sure if I should risk it on 1/15 or just buy 6 months out and wait. Of course if I do, it’ll just up to $2000 by then. Because why wouldn’t it.
Grabbing some PBW / TAN / ENPH / SQ / PTON / ARKW / FNGU shares tomorrow
Last Samurai
Gay away the pray.
We'll see
You got a Twitter or something that you post things like this on? 

I always feel like the charts are hoodoo or whatever. Like it only works if you believe. So if a collected group of people believe it then of course it works. I’m not educated enough to even make sense but that’s basically how I see it but clearly it’s not just that.
[deleted]
It grew
Hold strong retard. Monday is going to involve a particularly nasty dip if the DD is correct. Hold through it with your diamond forged fists, and buy any at $16 and below. Cohen won't be saving us til after Monday, just remember that
Nah..that day was lit but still buying Tesla
You had me at EV play
Second half of March I bought half way back in to indexes (up 60%). I saw we were trending back up and wanted to get in at least partially. The other half I mixed between theta gang, day trading, and buying fucking spy puts as a hedge (up 30%). 

My biggest regret was buying fucking spy puts with half my money and then having to dig my way out of that or I’d be up 100%+ on the other half instead of 30%... or 1000s of % if I bought calls instead...

Theta gang dug me out of the spy put losses lol
21 BABA 250 calls up 47% 
4 TSLA 3/19 870 calls up 9%
SPY will drag it down with it. That is usually the case when SPY dies
Supposed to be out on Thursday. Should be interesting. Buy stocks tomorrow before close and sell them Wednesday before close, or Thursday morning before the announcement.
Both?
Partially, not to the same degree tho... thats why I dont watch them much
I wish. Dollar collapse means stonk up
Hah that's actually funny
Up Volatility still volatility ;)
>I just jerked it to a porno of a dude

Gay
[deleted]
shut the fuck up. You must be retarded to have conviction at these levels
Minutes? What took so long?
Ill check it out. I enjoy lyn alden’s work. Just finished her last appearance on the rebel capitalist podcast
Another guy arguing against laws of physics - TSLA is electric, it can’t go down. Wait, I think it’s a law of chemistry.
Man I never thought I would get a pullback from $40k do I wait for more or do I go now?
Tell him to open the investment app, pick the TSLA ticker, select “buy to open”....

You know the rest. He can thank you later
I would say 880.03
Uhhh can I have a Big Mac?
This guy bets
Selling all positions at open and majority of my options expire on 15th. If I'm in the money cool if not oh fucking well. To much weird shit happening to hold thru a gay bear crash if it happens if not I can buy the dip or sit out and watch the autist lose their funds. Can go alot of ways.
Anyone hit on HYMTF?????
Getting more comfortable🤣🤣😍
Jared gave protein bowls to people he wanted to “eat fresh” l but we all know how that turned out
Feels like I’m missing “virgin”
[removed]
Little dick energy can’t even spell “too” correctly.
So are you 55% confident in dollar bounce or 55% betting on harmonic crab death
https://twitter.com/patrickbyrne/status/1348058958712373248?s=21

Italy hacked our election!!!!

Puts on spaghetti 🍝
Oh fuck that brings back memories 😂 God that show was terrible and good at the same time.
What are you thinking of getting? Long term?
Haha I def lol
Bingo.
I’ll have the PSTH footlong
I like how DeepFuckingValue is just sitting in the passenger seat
Riding this electric bus straight to Tendie Town 🚎 🚎 🚎
Same. D:
browns, like the shit?
This is the DD we all need.

So we should all go get extra penicillin shots to fight off the crabs right?

Long on CVS and Walgreens
I dealt with this for about 3 years 24/7. And now will randomly show up for awhile. Or when I’m very stressed
Aaaah, fair enough. Sorry, what you're doing makes more sense now- my bad!
Why?
Jokes on you, I *am* a new tard.
Im also expecting moves in April or later, but youre not worried about missing out on the squeeze if your tied up in selling fd’s when it hits?
buy call debit spreads if IV is too high
Settles it. PSTH with Subway
China is fucken ripping rn brother.

And NIO gets a BofA upgrade reiterating buy w/ a $70 PT.

Sorry
Ok boomer 

1500c 1/13
The greatest trick bears ever pulled was convincing bulls that the VIX mattered
How do they even burn that much cash? Just fire everyone and leave the ships untended loool  🤣  🤣  🤣  🤣
Wait till 10 minutes after open
nice position

vale 15 x 25c 6/18 @ .68 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
At what price?
I made it back to you twice
I don't get it
Last week wasn’t degenerate enough for me, can’t wait to dig in and spank both bulls and bears this week
I knew it was smol
wish I knew, I want to watch it but I ain’t paying for peacock
All of that was secondary to how his license plate looked.
🇹🇼
Ya if it's true that Biden and his cronies were doing dodgy deals with the Chinese then I'm sure he has a price and NIO is a smart company, they'll know how to keep things cozy. Isn't NIO also working with Intel on their vehicles? I think that's a positive too.
Na he'll show up in a few weeks 3 inches taller and with a different face
AAPL please fly
Praise unto Cohen, our lord and savior 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
TSLA to $2000. The only drop in price will be when it splits again.
I think it’s bad luck. Not sure if others do, but when I was big into sports gambling I swore off betting on my team after some unfortunate losses because my team didn’t cover.
You should. I make more money than you do.
Never set an order to execute as soon as trading starts, that's how you get fucked.
God damn I cant wait for europe to open and burn this bitch to the ground
The Devil Wears Prada
A copy pasta from Seeking Alpha? Hmm
Hot take: people cashing out of bloated TSLA and dumping into NIO
Just checked now and they are 0.37% we should probably fully recover by morning
Dick in my asshole may appear bigger in person. 🤓
Depends on your translation
It won’t take that long. It says that for me as well but it clears much faster normally within 2 business days
Hundred percenter


Tmrw
I just jerked it to a porno of a dude banging his girl in a Tesla on auto drive. TSLA 1000 end of week.
Why is everything fucked?
Billionaires bad but forced labor from those who disagree with the party, use of child labor, and nets around buildings to stop regular office suicides are totally cool. I know our system has issues, but we all recognize it and constantly throw it in the faces of our politicians to demand change - I'm not sure how much flavoraid you would need to have downed to think what happened to Jack Ma was good or justified especially given their labor climate.
Wait
Sad to see nobody has any convictions with their stocks anymore. Everyone has paper hands and sells after 1 red day smh
[removed]
Because they use plastic components internal to the engine itself, on top of all the cheap hoses and fluid containers that will crack within 5 years or less.
[deleted]
Same
Subway has protein bowls now
And I’m guessing cheaper insurance
Lmfaooo

The last thing you want in your Burger King burger is someone else’s foot fungus
This. 

🙏
Bears: [I knocked the Bulls down with the breakers. Gods, I was strong then.](https://youtu.be/q6GW03WsFgU?t=53)
What’s a Warrant
/u/PsychiatricPatrick

I am waiting for Monday to buy puts and will post it. This is my algorithmic live testing and I must win (or myself fuck my algorithm!)

https://imgur.com/4RWZpnG

To my side, the solid TSLA supporter (Cathie) who told TSLA will go $5000 in 5 years (Jan 8th she said). The  ARK Fund already sold some tsla safely on dec 31, 2020

https://imgur.com/tYIfRc7
Ill try that, thank you
Uberkiks sold 1/15 15c's, he needs the share price to stay below $18.05.

Factor that in to your DD.
Real talk a co worker told me to buy when it was at 60 and I didn’t cuz I thought it was too expensive. I finally caved and bought at 1500.
I got scared at the alerts and downvoted
No
This is the most retarded XD GME will rival AMAZON bahahahaha what! XD omg short these fools lol
Drive it in good health, the m5 comp is a beast
I usually don’t buy until 1030 am or later. Sometimes you can get the shaft buying right at open. If im selling i try to early
$BABA shares or ITM (200) FEB 19 Calls?
Agreed. The main pushback in the DD I have seen is the underlying science isn’t overwhelmingly great yet (e.g., energy density of batteries VS fossil fuels), infrastructure will be excessively expensive and take years to build, and the environmental harm of current tech may outweigh the good (e.g., battery disposal). I think much of this is warranted but is simply trounced by the artificial hand of government flipping the table. We barely bat an eye at TRILLION dollar deals now. A trillion dollar green deal is coming after the GA elections and it will reshape the landscape for better or worse. Also, we will be rejoining the Paris climate agreement which should also cause a significant bump. 

TLDR:  ICLN is going up.
I am considering stashing a chunk of my portfolio in various ARK LEAPS with the same intentions. Gotta have something safe and consistent.
BMW overpriced and always breaks. Automatic windows are the first things to break, then door locks stop working, then control arms and serpentine belts unfasten themselves followed by $5000 bill
At least the Steelers made it this far; maybe next year 🤪🤡
Idk seems like it’s got room to run and cathie got in on it
Dang it, that is solid DD!!!
Steel gang...where we at? Y’all been silent today!

Edit: MT to the moooooon🚀🚀🚀
MARA you have FAILED THIS CITY!!!!
[deleted]
Magic 8 ball, will we be green by open?
No
Is that regarding Season 4 preemie of Yellowstone?
Haha, I wish it were that easy.
No one ever diamond hands is the problem with that theory. If you go back it will probably be to an alternate timeline where Elon says he will take the stock private at 430 or something. You will still be fuk due to 2nd guessin
you are a fucking retard

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEEo5jSnA7Y
You know finance - go be the next Belfort - assuming you can sell too. Otherwise be Jonah in money ball. You can follow the money, just pick a field
Let me guess, the bet didn’t hit and that’s why you’re here now lol
Sir, are you calling me retarded?
It's not a look, it's a lifestyle
I just save them because having open orders have screwed me in the past
[deleted]
Can I buy the software package?
Tim AAPL mooning all the way through earnings
Lurkers Anonymous, I hope they don’t forget me lol
[deleted]
Fuck nio, they don’t even manufacture their own cars, 200b market cap, and its the American people that will get stuck holding the bag
That's precisely what i wanted to hear.
Yep. I’m spy puts and VXX calls.
Sounds bullish to me. We eating crab boys!!!
I like the idea but how do you avoid bots that pump specific stocks?
Cause Tesla is in the SP500, one of us
[removed]
Finviz
Like that one
[deleted]
⚠ TENDIES ALERT ⚠  
$GOEV will present at CES 2021 alongside many other new EV brands this week!
They will introduce their new consumer-model which might be groundbreaking (it's fairly new, cant say if it will catch on but they want to rent the cars without a contract with a single monthly fee that includes everything from charging to insurance).

Additionally, $GOEV is rumored to be the skateboard used for the Apple Car (via Hyundai's & Canoo's partnership).
Doubtful, unless they say that that 737 was either blown up by terrorists or fighter jets, BA is screwed
No, have you. Have I showed you my truck yet?
funny i just canceled it
Lol it’s perfectly fine to never be satisfied. That’s a gift we share. And there is no consumption without production in this instance. So that’s an easy argument to make. 

Just take my advice about the goals: “If I hit X by Y, I’ll buy myself (or do or whatever) Z”.
Wallstreetbets moderator
Might be the realist shit I’ve seen all year tbh

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1347126794172948483?s=20
First time watching captain marvel. The movie is complete shit but the soundtrack is banging
I'm sorry but -0.5 % is literally nothing. See you at spy 385
VIX future go down
I thought this was america
Yeah it was a wild ride, thanks for the kind words
Till it doesn’t hurt
I might join you with this
they were supposed to be on mad money last week but cramer got canceled that night cus of capital being stormed
When did you buy back in in 2020
In September I sold the 10 12/18 5c Blink I was holding from the March dip in a moment of madness in after selling the 5c expiring in that month.

Had I held till expiration like I planned, it would have been a 100 bagger instead of a 10x return.
What do you see as the “moat” for this company? To me it seems like an easy win to lock in brand recognition early and secure higher margins. The Whole Foods folks would eat up these products easily. But as it stands literally any major brand could launch the same exact recipes and most consumers wouldn’t know the difference. They’d probably even think tattood chef was the knock off if they saw it next to some major brand.
day trading
This week we 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 and 🍆💦💦.
Ordered the Jack Ma Chicken at the local take-out but now they said they lost my order smh
APHA will have an AB InBev connection through the merger with TLRY. Irwin Simon is a CPG guy and Peter Thiel is also involved.

They shouldn't have too much trouble getting the ball rolling in the US.
[deleted]
Why would they hide it? I dont see how showing the people who have the biggest say in their funding proof that ET intelligent life is *here* would result in anything but having a ton more money flooding to these agencies.

I'm not trying to be disagreeable, I just dont see the advantage of even attempting a giant cover up when not doing so would be directly advantageous to them.
Lmao if by more predictable you mean “it only goes up”, then yes, it’s more predictable
Oh yea if you’re talking shares just hold that shit. Short term idk seems to be trending down but it had a good run end of year. Probably hit 60-70 soon tbh
UAE have already vaccinated 9.5% of their population. they will probably reach herd immunity by summer.
Hookers are cheaper in the long run and kids just kill your soul. If you have nieces or nephews you can be awesome to them instead
Hot take. Nio day was a flop. People will sell and dump Their nio profits  into Tesla.
The fuck is a respectable person like yourself doing here
They got stopped out 😂
i bought ur shares lol
Carnival Cruise 'business update' tomorrow during premarket - I am so nervous!!!
[removed]
TWTR puts are safer
Racist.
Ya Burry bets money while Elon builds multiple multi-billion dollar companies. Know who I'm going with.
LTHM
If Tesla drops a dime tomorrow I’m buying another call
Everyone 800 tsla p
This is alotta words man. you could just put the ticker-strike and that would’ve been enough. thanks tho now i know where to put my tuition tm morning
This is the way
I have been a member of a couple of forums for years that got ruined by politics - I will not join subs that don't have either a mod that shuts politics down. Or other users like you guys that shut it down.
😂😂😂
May I have one tendie please
Tech Selling so WMT can pump. WMT 150 Confirmed
Imagine needing to “halt trading” so the algos can get a grip
They say 7 days but it usually only takes a couple
I hate Jack dorsey 🐮
I told my wife we had to dump our entire savings into a guaranteed options bet so we could make a million dollars and retire. She said even if we make a million dollars we can't retire. So I ran the numbers and said we can retire with a million dollars so long as we both die by 60. So start drinking cuz we goin out like Jim Morrison baby!

She's not a romantic like I am...
Why is it going where it’s going
poorer, they get poorer
Cool, I’ll get my trade ready tomorrow. Don’t worry about posting about it, I’ll just watch from my phone and buy when it gets to 50. Thanks again!
Sounds like today?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1GyTgtU9hQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1GyTgtU9hQ)
Fellow SKLZ holders. There's a double top on the chart...time to get out?
How come? The Hyundai news?

I have 132 abd 135 calls but not sure how impactful the news rumour will be
Wendy's
More like making cancer-free cigarettes. If they capture carbon at the plant before it leaves then fossil fuels are basically fine, besides foreign dependency on oil and the wars that will cause ofc.
Spy is more correlated to TSLA, not the other way around. Now, SPY will move when 🍉 tweets about anime, whereas before it would not (as much)
Wow just checked your post history and you're wrong on every call you made

How is that even possible
Allow me to live vicariously through you!
It only is around 1% of SPY.  But there is correlation
Some days, the food bank is like living large. Other days, it’s just crap food.
Whole sub was 🐻 mode it was hilarious
Boeing forgot how to make airplanes. 

I think they should fire everybody and start from scratch. Build a Wright Brothers plane and go from there.
I know this sub is full of retards, but I didn't know they were this unironically retarded. 30k+ upvotes because this sub is supposedly  being "iNfiLtRaTeD bY ChInEsE sPiEs!" ???

Like come the fuck on. It's like if somebody posted a memey DD about an American company and EVERYBODY dog-piles on the OP and asks them about "tens of millions of civilians killed by the US in the Middle East" or some shit like that and OP replies "it's not actually *that* many" and gets banned for it.

Might as well ban every single discussion on Chinese companies.
Welcome to 2010, they next 10 years are gonna be wild.
[removed]
Sadly it is as well
You think the media is?

This guys been right about more than the propaganda spewed by the major networks and papers for decades.
[deleted]
$75 to transfer an account and I think $0.75 a contract for options
P bullish to me ngl the plane was old af means they will need to buy a new one
Do y’all queue up your option orders before Monday morning open or do you wait to see if we open red or green before deciding to purchase calls/puts?
I use cars to arbitrage interest rates and leverage for income
Pretty sure I saw the browns punter at a hair metal concert the other night
Reasonable predictions
[deleted]
Certainly have. I’m a college poor but I scalped a few grand off those dips
Fin tech is booming.
I have a price target of $85 on CVS
They could actually.  Browns (AFC) beating the Pack (NFC) in this Super Bowl would be perfectly reasonable after this year.
That's Dr. Spaceman
Communism tryna snatch our tendies. Do your part citizen, buy March ES
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
st judes it is. $100 isnt much but lets see what happens
China made a huge regulatory move, essentially forcing international co.s to choose between US and Chinese courts.  Who will benefit?  New biden administration already under heavy pressure
This is the smartest post I've ever seen here
Long block of text with simple TLDR that contains ticker? Fuck it I’m in.
Maybe then KTOS would branch out and sell satellite security packages for regular people. 

I dunno, It’s in the ARKQ and their description has the word “rockets” so something is there.
Add an E at the very end of your post and it's perfect.
it was originally the meek, but god figured they'd get laid a lot more, so..
Front raised, lateral raise, seated rows (on machine), reverse fly, and the shoulder/tricep single arm row. 

I stay away from straight overhead presses (dumbbell or bar) unless it’s lighter weight and I can focus on form.
ER in two weeks, which we expect Apple to crush them. Increased sales from the App Store and iPhone 12, along with ongoing talks with auto companies for iCar/titan will push Apple to 140 easily.

Also, this is when IV starts to pick up as ER is approaching. Good for calls as well
[removed]
I’m with this guy
Ban this fool
That's not how it works. That's not how any of this works.

If the puts have already been bought, then the stocks have already been sold and the downward pressure on the price has already happened. Those shorts have to cover when the puts expire.
SPY and tech is fuk but is ICLN
Is Tesla price action more correlated to spy now since inclusion? It always used to do it's own thing but is it more predictable now?
Apart from ICLN, thoughts on BATT ETF?
Only a week late!
I read the alleged "ccp shill" responses and they were sensible. It was surprising to see how without any proof they banned him. I even went as far as to translate the comments of his in mandarin, all were sensible.

Kinda fucking weird, I agree.
Saving private Ryan
Bag held 200 shares for ages. Cut them loose right around $5
Don't forget the Chinese investors funding reddit.
Too many seller
im with you, gl
everyone buying puts on Boeing are gonna lose everything
Inception. Me$$ing with our mind$
Shut up about your small penis
No.
[deleted]
[removed]
2 month old profile,  

Does nothing but talk shit about gme.

This has to be Melvin fluffer.   We all know he hasn't been able to get it up since the frist GME run up.  So this guys mouth has to be tired from the last few months.
till i find something i want to comment on, then i start over
Here they come to sell it again!
I think it is total bullshit. Full self driving, higher performance etc are definitely gonna be over 5k. The article pulled the numbers out of its ass.
God damn fucking retards
Now imagine if only CNN existed.
Poorer 🤯
I heard Robinhood customers will get first crack at Robinhood shares.   

GE 3/19 13C

FCEL 2/18 19C

CARR 3/19 45C

I'll FOMO everything else, or watch my other positions do what they do.
Sell 1750 shares and wait for a dip to diversify in other stuff
What’s the best job field to get hired in as a recent grad, finance degree
I hedge my stupidly OTM calls with slightly OTM calls
I sold all my positions in 2/2020 before the last crash. I just sold all my positions again last Friday. Good luck guys. I’ll see you all at a lower buy in.
starbucks or chipotle
Until I read a long post for too long or comment
I just discovered Netflix
Took at least ten thousand hours of studying markets and technical analysis to understand these things. Harmonic patterns like the bearish crab are based on Fibonacci numbers. 

Fibonacci numbers are present everywhere in nature and these patterns offer a statistical advantage to those who trade them. Advantage doesn’t mean “guaranteed to work”. It means that if you identify 100 of these patterns correctly and trade every single one of them the exact same way, using the same risk management principles, roughly 65% your trades should work out.

This is called an edge, and it’s how a casino can be consistently profitable year after year even though a casino cannot know the outcome of any single roll of the dice.

Trading harmonic patterns allows you to be the casino, not the poor gambler slowly losing all of their money over time.
Bump
dentists are doctors right?
I haven't seen a bear in weeks. Frankly I'm concerned
Thanks for all your help guys. All retard talk aside, I’m a lurker who enjoys the discussion on the subreddit and would hate for it to disappear.

Keep at it!
[deleted]
Idk I’m gonna have fun with tiny penis flair. Do me like that idc.
you think we still got room to run? Ive been holding since 10. trying to figure out if I should put in something else
I have 1000 shares at $11
!Remindme 5 weeks
You did your part about bought a contract at ask, right?
Buying Twitter dip. One user became president due to their platform.
[removed]
Even if it is NIO encouraging their pump, what’s  wrong with that? It’s just business.

This shits racist af. Just because this is being allegedly done by a Chinese company, doesn’t mean it’s fucking bad.  If they are on WSB creating hype then that just means they are fucking intelligent.
Is it worth trading futures? I mean I like to sleep but I also like to ~~trade~~ gamble
CVS / WBA no brainer. Vaccine and strong earnings will make both rocketing!
Ok chill dude it wasnt a personal attack against you. Scrolling through your comments it seems like 99% is nio or china related, so idk.  Either way pls post link to this doc
Just when you think we’ve reached peak stupid. 

KFC goes and does something like this...

AND TOTALLY REDEEMS HUMANITY. 

Freaking **brilliant.**
Also use the other +100% to your portfolio for the same reason
“IM A GENETIC FREAK!”
ARK Investment’s Wood will talk markets in big week for biotech
My first post got deleted too. The American operators get very little exposure cause of OTC + subreddit rules
I don't know what you're talking about. I see profit. More than Tesla. https://www.macrotrends.net/stocks/charts/VWAGY/volkswagen-ag/net-income

You want another try?

Maybe another car company? 

https://www.macrotrends.net/stocks/charts/TM/toyota/net-income
ya but tsla is overvalued
you’ll wake up smarter
If GME dips after hours tomorrow I sure hope you buy. Go look at billionaire Ryan Cohen’s Twitter. This kid is fucking cocky about all of this. I’ve never been more sure
You been eatin too much ass.
>There was backlash against GME?

Where have you been over the weekend, the bears are out of hibernation, barron is printing shit articles to scare off boomer retail investors, and theta gang have been selling the ICR down because they don't want the covered calls they've sold to print (yet are pretty retarded for selling covered calls over a period with a catalyst event)
That’s far from the only reason subs get banned. The language on this sub is probably decently close to getting it banned but as long as r/4chan is up this sub is probably safe
Roulette doesn't pay 1000:1, just saying.
Did you not see last week
MAKE VOLATILITY GREAT AGAIN
Id be surprised if apple isnt up 3% tomorrow and thats conservative
But you have to enter your birthday for age verification to get in
No one read this dude
Leaps seem like the play with this one, been watching it since it was at 10
I’m not saying the valuation is justified I’m saying you can’t just say it’ll go down bc it has rallied. Tesla is unpredictable
Steel is eventually going to drop. These companies are soaking in the profit rn because they know Biden will remove the metal tariffs meaning a massive drop in metal prices.
[deleted]
Me
And everyone would celebrate because they have FD puts

That was easy mode
Glad to call you my friend 👯
NIO TO THE MOON 🚀 🚀 🚀 

Have fun being hateful and poor
I can’t wait until Big Daddy Elon gets Neuralink working correctly and I can just have WSBs downloaded instantly to my brain without having to scroll or do any work.. I’d feel like rain man but it would be worth it
;) Keynes
He was someone's Saturday night main course.
2022 election cycle will bring some volatility back don't worry.
Why is spy futures red rn?
Is there a tweetdeck like app for Reddit that allow the timeline to continuously update?
Sounds good until every poop you take looks like spaghetti coming out your ass
Self sufficiency is key. China can cut us off at any moment
So are you going to have a site or something that shows us your program/results?
These people are still crying about this. These people take a short position and then they start to build bearish sentiments by crying wolf. Based on assets  tesla should be around $50 but if you take into account 5x multiple it should be around 250. However, after it's inclusion to s&p; mutual funds, index funds started buying up the shares causing an increased price. Not only that tesla is a popular company pioneering electric vehicles. The same place where apple was when steve jobs was still around. Even if there was a massive bearish sentiment in the future regarding the company it's hard to see it drop by more than 50% of the current price and if it does i'm gonna assume s&p might drop with it. In that case,  All you have to do is hold the stock and don't let go no matter how red your account gets. The only ones who should be afraid are the ones with massive short positions.
Why is the big number red. So confused
The entire market was red on Monday except for nio
Yeah hadn’t heard this take about Tesla today I almost forgot. The bear masquerading as a cautious bull classic move.
This is wsb not /tsla.  No fanboys here, just gains hence being tsla long doesn't mean you are against nio.   

The CCP is what us making people trash nio. 
 Rip Ma😭
I got 2023. I might actually be able to buy a muthafucking iCar with just the gainz.
$MT?
>IWM

mases sense RSI is like 73... its going down at some point
Gtfo 🌈 🐻
Since 1:30 this afternoon
This reads like some rain man shit
Margin? Irresponsible loan?

Just kidding.
I'd say they are all platforms. You don't have a protected right to a platform. If we wanted that we should regulate them like utilities along with the internet itself. I doubt that will ever happen.
My friends are Franklin, Jackson, and Washington
Lol... Hyunnnndai
[deleted]
Or AOL
Remember when we had circuit breakers
You know god said “the incels shall inherit the earth”
Such good times man
ya load them up

boeing is a clown
that's messed up
VIX do be high
If you have to ask you’ve already missed the 🚀
If my position is that the voting was rigged in a few targeted swing states then your comment is incoherent. Obviously I believe that peoples votes weren't heard. It has nothing to do with media.
Should be a telegram channel as a backup...
No idea my friend, but I'm still long the market. Could go tits up
I’m guessing you Called it a split because those places have pen of 50%. Lots of beatable games but so much heat these days which leads to travel. I was lucky enough to have a hole card game last me a year at my local casino
Don’t Fox News and CNN already decide what is ok for you to hear? Same thing.
BABA gang rise up !
Interesting, I’ve never looked at it like that 👍 Thanks! Now let’s hope things don’t go tits up.
+ + + =?

- + - =?
Charmin , or Angel soft
chungus
Is the end near? I feel like once Biden takes office, passes the stimulus, thatll be our last bump in this fun ass market
You hate vehemently that which you used to believe in.
poor execution of trades, which can snowball into big losses/misses opportunities, other brokers will execute trades way better, getting you in and out of positions quickly
until i scrolled into the section i already read, then i refresh
Unfortunately Sweetwater doesn't have an avenue to directly sell cannabis right now. Although eventually they might do some sort of cannabis beverage distribution there is likely to be a bunch of regulatory hoops to jump through (don't think Sweetwater has any licenses related to cannabis).

There not too much options availability out there on US cannabis, thats why I see $MSOs taking off and being of interest to WSB
Digital Ponzi in free fall. MARA and RIOT calls will only be saved by the return of Jesus.
their plane crashed earlier today, why would u buy calls?
Like 880
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/wakArnolds|[Is it a sign that the market is in a bubble when my babysitter is day trading?](https://redd.it/kuswew)
/u/IMDEREKD_|[Happy 2020pt.2 years, everyone!](https://redd.it/kuswg3)
/u/Breezy_Bill|[Why researching stocks is a waste of time](https://redd.it/kusy37)
/u/e-jonco|[Thoughts on XL](https://redd.it/kut95n)
/u/Age-Technical|[NIO Calls](https://redd.it/kutayf)
/u/jpcapone|[How to leverage calls, puts](https://redd.it/kutc3d)
/u/MickolasJae|[$SPCE likely going to announce their next flight this week.](https://redd.it/kuthx5)
/u/Mechanical_Enginear|[75% of my account is in BA, what are the odds I can escape tomorrow?](https://redd.it/kutpho)
/u/utnag|[Im new to this, got 5k set aside right now. What should i do? Any recommendations?](https://redd.it/kutrru)
/u/guynii|[I'm 13 and this is my portfolio. Please give me some stock advice.](https://redd.it/kutvbc)
 Bitch choin leading indicator uh oh
Can't believe its going to take a week for my funds to clear on TD.. I swear they did it faster last time
Are you long CHAD or INCL
that thread is unhinged
[removed]
[removed]
Same.
100% agree with the thesis.. Made a similar post last week, but there wasnt much traction

Can lead a 🐴 to 💦 but... 🚀 🚀 🚀
Not long. I just refresh the thread
The Apple move proved two things:
- EV space is worth a lot more than anyone thought
- AAPL is tapped out. The only growth space is something far out from their space. Tim Apple can’t think of anything new. He’s no Steve Macintosh. 

PS. Bezos Bought Zoox. They all know what the future is and they aren’t in it.
Ban!
God fuck us... everyone.
Asset classes fleeing to USD
The Chinese like and buy Buick’s. Nuf said.
God those days were fun. Like we were all 🌈 🐻, but we made a lot of money. And then people tried to catch the 🔪 and lost a lot of money. Good times.
Jesus the 🐼💸🤔 had to be intoxicating
[deleted]
MD stands for Monied Drummer
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
u have beta cuck mentality
Wow congrats to your friend.  My dream car, can only afford the 540i (no M package)
Market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.
Muff cabbage
It’s exactly racist whether other countries do it or not. 

“Other people do this” has never justified a wrong thing!
myspace was also "too" big. Do not discredit what polarizing a significant portion of your user base does. There is not much room anymore for growth from here. What happens when they start flashing high profile gabs because all of the conservatives went there? People who want to attack trump now need a gab account. As people move over, they wont spend as much time on twitter. Same way young people migrated from facebook to instagram. Trump's fan base is massive and loyal. He received the most votes for a republican at 70 million people and twitter went to war with those people.
Will you be my husband's boyfriend?
It's a W. The pattern is a W. Giving crabs a bad name with the 🌈🐻
I beat it to her once ngl
You just had to ruin the movie for me
Hong Kong looking good atm 

https://i.imgur.com/dkqXC13.jpg
Just move to a country where people are shorter homie
You mean calls?
Lmao I thought it was a weird smiley face for a second too
Buy back the short legs of my 383/381 SPY call spreads 😈😈😈🚀🚀🚀
Ages ago brother. We have aged.
thats not how this works
Every great party goes down in flames. Stop trying to plan for the apocalypse
why is everyone so bullish on BE rn? Also, are yku thinking weeklies?
Futures Fehgola
Fuck off
My friend from NY literally changed his residency mostly because he wanted a “cleaner looking” license plate.
actually its about getting to 1 million dollars so you dont have to work anymore
Eh he's board certified (and kept it up) so that's a physician to me even if not practicing.

Seems like an ego thing tho.
Are you saying we are all gonna be rich on autist island with no time to trade stonks??🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Impeachment with conviction bans him from public office for good, btw
Watch out...don’t get hit by his huge swing balls
Oh yeah boys we going green at some point tomorrow
Yeah anyone buying TSLA weeklies right now is playing with fire, may as well go play roulette. But good luck 👍
the first 1000 margin on Robinhood has no interest fees, is included with the 5$ monthly fee. Use it mf-ers, you can't get it cheaper anywhere!!!
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/kutnk8/monkey_werx_claiming_insurrection_act_is_a/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

BREAKING NEWS: GOVERNMENT NOW IN CONTROL OF OUR GOVERNMENT

at least you’re not this autistic. Dude definitely has puts
New decade 🤣
Nah they haven't found a buyer for the lungs yet it's easier to sell fresh stuff.
The fact that CCP is tryna pump Nio is a pretty strong case to not dump your life savings into it
Fcel up or down tmr
I fuck with it
Cathie bought a ton last week
Until I finish
Browns win——> CLF Calls
If you can read and have an hour to kill: [https://www.lynalden.com/fraying-petrodollar-system/](https://www.lynalden.com/fraying-petrodollar-system/)

TLDR yeah we are probably fucked but getting off the petrodollar might actually help us
Do me next
Everybody needs coffee
we also set a ton of manufacturing standards, acted as a protectorate, and sold everyone weapons and culture.

&#x200B;

but uh yeah the USD is fuk
Children hospital
This post sounds bullish when you mentioned TSLA and using 🚀🚀🚀emoji. Let’s buy more calls tomorrow $1000
Hella good
Down 7% right on open
great idea!
Yep
#THE DOLLAR IS COLLAPSING 

#IS THIS WHAT VENEZUELA FELT LIKE
Because OP themself likely upvote botted THIS post and the mods fell for (or were in on it).

Read my main post on this thread because THIS post concerns me way more than his communist bs claims.
I used to tell the ladies “I have a three inch dick and only last a minute.”

I swear this was such a flex until I went to the men’s room at a sports ball competition.

I didn’t know you could have an outward penis.
I need more paper and less friends.
Pride and Prejudice
Every day that passes is making me more and more concerned...even if he was just taking some time off you would think with the interest in his whereabouts he would at least make an appearance or post or something
Lot of put buying on IWM the past few weeks, gotta go down at some point
Wow very insightful
Did you get a LinkedIn request from her too?
That’s not my major lol
I’m jelly it looks like a happy face. In reality it’s a sad face 😞
Trading Places > The Big Short 

Bull gang for life
See you at $69 but hopefully not in a 69
I mean, if you watch it less than ten times, did you really even watch it?
Lmao yes it’s worth its retard
My hands are just paper
buy puts on boeing if it’s red pre market
They didn’t even respond though. That’s disrespectful as hell. I agree Tesla has been doing good steady grinding but they have some major issues with quality to this day. Where’s the Elon that slept on the floor next to the machines?
Part of it is panic buying especially popular calibers like 5.56 and 9mm, but you can't even find boomer hunting calibers like .270, .30-30 or .30-06 for months.  I don't know if people are hoarding .45-70. 
 Something is fucky.
Futures seem to be going your way so far
Please explain it to me like I'm 13, I'm a retard.
Yeah. Dude went from hero to zero really quick tho with this tesla and 'Cassandra' bs
No worries, I like reading. Personally, I’ve always liked the idea of dividend stocks, however with the amount of capital I am able to play with, dividend earnings are negligible. That being said, if I do come up with more capital, which companies would you recommend?
Be dirty and sell some puts. IV is sky high on those.
Just applied for Webull, hopefully I get approved soon! 

How is RH screwing us over?
Umm, one platinum Xeon is 10K much less a pair, several hundred gigs of ram to memcache plus the SSDs. Let’s just completely ignore the load balancers in front of that or a nexus router to handle the fucking traffic or a Riorey to mitigate ddos. 

Stop taking out of your ass. We’re not talking about a WordPress site that sells grandma’s doilies.
That's rough, good luck!
Yo where the steel at
they go to the food bank
Where my APPS people at?
The browns are like TSLA right now and Steelers comeback is like waiting for the TSLA crash
This retard looks at graphs, everyone point and laugh
It’s not as hard as some people make it out to be
[deleted]
A water move, weak to grass. Weed stocks 🚀🚀🚀🚀.
Why is that
Until I find a comment that confirms my biases
Each member should make a postvwoth a different bad word/phrase let's see what we can get away with. 

I'll start: Mods are gay!
St. Judes

Mods
Brokeback Mountain
If he’s still president on the 15th lmao
[deleted]
me either so I'll reply to this...
[deleted]
If it was some how priced in already then fuck the illuminati
Nah we ain't gonna stay red, I just wanna make huge gains on the nio puts I bought friday. Get in and out immediately
Xbox series s are on the shelves, series x is sold out, and the preorders are backed up.

The digital games bear thesis is oversold.
[deleted]
Outlook not so good
Nope. The only car manufacturer that made money consistenly in the last year and a half has been Tesla.

Want to have another try?
Being rich or successful in something doesn’t necessarily make someone “smart”.
Just remember it’s not about the money gained or the money lost, but the friends you made along the way. 


Money is just paper, yo
My biggest milestone has been having enough capital to start selling calls.
I8’s are garbage!  M5 guy, you do you!
Man... remember the days back in like March when we’d watch futures together and they’d hit 5% up or down within a few hours? Those were the days.
I don’t have anything else to look forward to on the weekends. Thanks for being here you guys !
I have a feeling TSLA is going to gap up to 900 like it always does while the rest of the market sells off. Market rotation into TSLA. TSLA 1000 EOW 🚀🚀🚀
Going to bed while listening to Cathie Wood.
C:/LeisureSuitLarry
gyna
But have you seen the big short
[deleted]
Imagine the trillions aliens would pour into the market
Gotta wait until morning bud
What price would be green?
Wow, what a refreshing new opinion; thank god you posted
Lmao went to one that’s part of the Cac in Maine. Strong alumni connections are built on small Campuses.
[deleted]
Pretty sure this blue_rain OP used an upvote and award bot...  

This post is sketch af, read my other comment on this post.
[ST. Jude](https://www.stjude.org/donate/donate-to-st-jude.html)
Lol what kind of job?
imagine if instead of dicks being dick-shaped that they are instead donut shaped
SPY going green again tomorrow? Also feeling good about my ICLN calls 🙏🙏 it’s bag week before my eventual downward spiral to 99.99% down
Probably
How big of a pile of shit is the Russell?  Up 38% in 10 weeks and half the companies in the index dont even turn a profit.  Get fucked.  IWM puts on puts.
chabuduo
I watched the The big short when it came out in theaters and noticed it had yellow NY license plates, but in 08, NY has those white and blue ones.  I still love that movie and going to watch now.
How long do you guys scroll for?
thank you sir! i’ve been basically all in on ark since august and i’m so confident in Cathie
I don't think we can call them that anymore...
Thanks man. I studied for around 6 months. My current job is rough on me mentally and physically so it was motivation.
I'm not saying it's going to be that tomorrow. I'll wait until telsatards have started to realise they're actually the idiots being played by Musk. You think he named the Tesla Model S Plaid for antoher reason?.
I got banned last week and don’t have it either. They lackin because they’ve been banning so much
Where are the degens that comment “Futures blood red” every ten minutes at?
Jobs are out there. The pay might be something you may not like
42
It's worth it for me just for the instant deposit. I don't even use any of the other features.
Bring the LIT tendies babbbbby
Does buying an option even impact TSLAs share price? Youre buying a derivative, not the stock itself. And, if your call is good, it gets executed and adds more shares to the the market for sale (price down) failed calls should do nothing for the price?
If the site goes down we are to meet by the dumpster behind Wendy’s ASAP.
It's the inverse pp signal
So NIO fly?
Thank you for the tip. Much love
Wow you're the first person that said this in the past week thx for heads up
That's true only 10pm after all. Better idea when european market opens.
How much does TD charge per trade?
don't worry bud, you've got 2k coming to line your pockets pretty soon
[deleted]
The US has been the world super power post-ww2 primarily based off the status of the USD as the world reserve currency backed by the strength of the petrodollar. So i guess we are fucked now?
Apple going up big this week 🚀🚀🚀
It’s called margin and loans baby
[removed]
boeing puts are a given right?
Goodluck next time boys
Burry pisses me off. First, he's a permabear, so hes kinda 🏳️‍🌈. Second, dude refers to himself as 'doctor' but didn't even finish his residency. Yeah, technically he is a doctor, but its so douche to call yourself that and put MD after your name if you don't even practice or work in the medical field. 😤
F
$SRPT
[removed]
Inside out
You know the top is in when you go to work and your boomer coworkers brag that their 401k is up bigly
What about the poor?
FAKE AND GAY
But if you steal everything you are always behind.

Always second fiddle.

No innovation, no growth.
Not until battery tech is finished. Musk was extremely specific about that.
Are Chinese people's taste and needs that different than other countries? 

&#x200B;

One thing I know about the Chinese culture is that unlike in the US the color red means good. Tesla has red cars. What's the problem?
I fear Jack Ma is legit dead
Google Wuhan 2020 NYE party...you can clearly tell how oppressed they are lmao
I appreciate your effort to teach us new tards.
That's the idea.  Keep in mind that the inverse is true and can guide your portfolio sizing.  The riskier something is the less of your portfolio it should be.  

I have 1/3 of my portfolio in SHLX stock because the EPS and dividends are very high for a company that I think is undervalued.  I don't see much risk in it going further down.  That doesn't mean I'm not setting my stop loss or buying puts just in case it starts to go down, but it doesn't look like it can drop any more than it has so I allocated more of my portfolio in it even if it's been going sideways for a few months now. (It WILL go back up eventually, and I'm printing money by selling calls so I'm not worried.)

I have about 1/5 of my portfolio in ROBO and ROBO options because even though it's been consistently rising, any stock or ETF at an ATH always has some risk.  

I bought 1/10 of my portfolio in GME because I thought it would be funny, but in the off chance it does go up I can still see a solid 5-10% increase in my portfolio overall.  If I lose it all, or more likely if GME halves, I still have 95% of my portfolio up.  Nothing a few beers can't fix.

I don't know if there is a valid school of thought behind this strategy, but it has served me well and helped to minimize losses on more speculative holdings.  As risks change and news comes out and positive earnings come back your portfolio can should move to compensate.  Apologies for the long reply, I am an autist for math related stuff.
RemindMe! 12 hours
Only with it for the margin but is very worth it for that
Tomorrow is the day we show all fake bulls and bears.
Cohen is my age. There is no way in hell he isn't going to force these boomers to 180 now he's this far in. Read any article about chewy biting off market share. Several articles called it "predatory" which makes me hard for some reason. They lost money to increase market share and volume and focused on customer retention.

Here's a quote:
"Cohen is a co-founder of online pet-supplies retailer Chewy (CHWY), and according to a November filing, he wants GameStop to adopt “the type of world-class infrastructure that was constructed at Chewy, which is worth multiples of GameStop’s current market capitalization.” RC Ventures has already had private conversations with GameStop’s executives and directors."

Also: I'm a PC gamer. I buy new shit yearly (at least) because I can afford it. Look at pcpartpicker.com and tell me why ALL those links shouldn't point to GameStop.com why shouldn't this aggregator tool be ON the website? That's just some of the shit he'll do. Honestly just do some research as to why they call him the dogfather. He sees past all the boomer shit. The existing locations are micro distribution centers and eSports lounges to him not stuffy retail brick and mortar. 

God damnit now I just convinced myself to buy more shares.

He's also from Montreal near me. Montreal is like the tech capital of Canada. Lots of nerds cooler than you and I.
Never go full retard
I have pink rye
Get a load of this fucking retard... Only time will tell what kind of retard he is.
Again as a non footballian—good for them! Hope they take out the packers at the super bowl (or can they not because AFC and something something.... I’m trying man sorry)
How likely are you to get a job out of college with a liberal arts degree.
It’s called a cut or pen. And those are not really winnable games. If you are serious about counting cards get cvcx. It will show how bad that game actually is and will help you identify games you can actually beat.
[deleted]
She thicc. I wish I could pursue only fans but would probably have to go gay
are you talking about the interview from like 4 years ago?
I propose we make the wall out of money!
When do they Open
Yolo I’m in for a thousand shares you silly fool. 🚀 🚀 🚀
Ban
Pulp Fiction
lmfao.
Next article, Apple to announce alpha car tommorow.
[deleted]
Meh. Maybe. Super low volume. We shall see
Unless you're a Steelers fan.
Yeah it's not but just talking about this specific session. The number it's at doesn't really matter given at 23 it's low as F in entire context. it's the % increase relative to how much ES is down that matters imo.
TLT has been sliding the past week. If JPow can't even control bonds, literally the one asset class he's allowed to buy, then there's no hope for stonks.
uvxy shares
Mods must have been in a good mood when they flaired you
Wait is this a video from when AMZN was 1/60,000th the price that it is now?
🤣 beautiful.
Legally Blonde
Hahaha
probably will take a while to go into affect
My yolo Nikola calls only resulted in paying off all my credit card debt and a 2012 mustang. 

And funding a 2nd 25k account and paying off my wife's truck. 

Lol
Gamestop is returning to profitability with or without Cohen, it's still priced as a distressed company when it's not in any threat of bankruptcy, Cohen represents a growth opportunity, but regardless, the fundamentals paint this as an undervalued deep value play.
Still pretty bullish considering the Capitol was stormed a couple days ago. SPY 390 EOW
G?
You should get sued for libel in an ideal world. If I were Sandy Munro and saw that I'd be pretty pissed. I would even donate to a gofundme to help him sue you into oblivion.
Let's see tomorrow morning
ban
Because people in North America will stop consuming ???
STOP THE SHORTS!
Profits?
It has been hard. Spent the last decade building a career and Covid took my first six figure away from me. I’m still gonna get mine, but the impact on workers is real. Much love to you.
He also played a pregnant man.... which speaking from experience..... really confused 11 year old boys about where babies come from....
[removed]
This is the most solid advice I’ve seen on wsb
Your daily reminder that

#FUTURES ARE FAKE NEWS
Yea, it’s really just a head and balls with no shaft
I would be more worried if Europoors start buying 🤡
What do you all think about Robinhood gold? I want the higher instant deposit limits so I can buy more calls/stocks at open.
[removed]
Buy in tomorrow and hold till september
Somoa Joe....UR FAT!

This is such a classic. The math actually adds up if numbers worked like that.
[deleted]
Gamble that SRPT bounces back
[Estimated $15 billion in sales in 2020, and expected to rise 40% in 2020 (Near $37 Billion by 2024)](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-retail-cannabis-sales-on-pace-to-rise-40-in-2020-near-37-billion-by-2024-301174282.html)

Google it. These were the same arguments that came up in Canada. Hard to find a bigger growth industry than that

Not only that, the [pandemic actually accelerated the trends](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/08/02/pandemic-illicit-marijuana-market-390175) because cannabis businesses were designated as essential businesses
how many puts do you  have in ur pf? cause that's kinda gay bro
Glad it's nothing like that. I wouldn't wish it one anybody. 

I'm not going anywhere but to tendietown with my fellow autists.
It really limits the liquidity of them sadly. U will be able to sell at the intrinsic value (if any) but trading in them is very low and wide spreads.
God bless America.
You fool, you do not deserve the title of WallStreet Autist. How dare you turn your back on Papa Elon. Mods, ban this insolent fool.
*8D
Wtf is on their heads
He was never banned...he ain’t got the barcode flair.
We are the firm and we fuck
Hogwarts Futures showing limit down - "You can't just make money out of thin air," - Bloomberg
got 450 to buy calls tmrw, what’s the move? I was thinking BE or CLF
that's what i noticed too, the actual product quality for these big companies are going down because all they care about is SHINY NEW FEATURE, but these small issues add up. once enough people get fed up, then hopefully something will change
How much are y’all getting paid weekly? Everyone here is talking about buying every dip. Ya boy has no more money to buy dips.
You and your wife’s boyfriend!!
Still not getting rid of NIO tho
#Bears be like:

*lmao bulls in shambles futures bloody red 💀*


and then continue to watch futures go inevitably green through the night, whereas bulls sleep peacefully
Theta gang is going to be killing you
But Jeff Bezos is still the CEO of amazon and Jack Ma is not the CEO of alibaba
SOFI🚀SOFI🚀
I think most people see it as keep throwing money yolos until it’s all gone, and are mad this person didn’t lose it all.
rich get rich, and richer get richer
And then output data in the wrong format
Remember when futures matter?
Nowhere near as fast as the rest. Last week was really disappointing. I don’t even think it reaches $30 on this leg. $28 tops
Top Gun
if tesla opens green tomorrow ill donate $100 to a charity of someones choice
Apple disrespected the hell out of him. I think this is good for competition imo Elon’s been kind of complacent since 3 launch. Maybe this woke him up.
Keep 1000 shares and sell weekly/monthly covered calls, pocket the rest and move over to preservation of wealth style investing for a lwhile to see what happens in the world and with Covid-19.  

There will be more money to be made in the future, always is.
Get that sex change you always wanted
Just that plug has been undervalued for a long time.
[deleted]
[deleted]
next time?
terrible ppl work there. you will have to sell your soul to the devil
$PLUG is now a $20 billion market cap. The $8.2 billion in market cap it added last week is roughly 6x their $1.3b in cumulative revenue since 1999. The business has lost $1.4 billion over that time period
Opposite for me
NIO, ICLN & PLUG 🤌🏽
Buy the dip if we open red  


Bears: before you say "this time's different" kindly go fuck urself
For sure. On Carvana you can find 2021 Tesla for like 35k doe which I would 💯 buy if I came up big enough to do so
Yes!!!!!
[deleted]
its  never been green recently with the dollar rallying more than .25%
Yup...I have known pain this weekend
Northrop Grumman Corporation. NOC.
They are being coy about their merger date.
Basically, if it's some sort of game-changing tech play, I'm theorizing the announcement of a platform like steam, with hardware included.

Except, your game licenses transfer between consoles & PC. A convergence similar to what we saw with small electronics (cellphone, camera, mp3 player, PDA, & gameboy, all converging to a smartphone), except applied to gaming. Some stuff may stay exclusive (e.g. Gran Turismo with Sony, Smash Bros & Marioparty with Nintendo), but for independent studio titles, I don't foresee that problem.

(Disclaimer, this is just some dipshit nerd's speculation, and should be treated as such)
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
Not yet
SpaceX will do a Direct Listing

Elon don't need no man
[removed]
Bad luck if you do right? Asking seriously because I’d like to learn more  about sports but I’m a fucking dweeb
RemindMe! 16 hours
Holding PLUG $38C 3/19 until + another 100% to buy more. PLUG 100 by July
This year they are a little less shit (11-5).
"their loan payment often replaces what would have been a mortgage"

This hits my soul so fucking hard.  My old man bought a house while making $21/hr in the 90s.   Fuck me.
I auditioned for a tiny part in Minority Report. Honestly thought I nailed it. They tell me "you were really good, but right now we're actually looking for a black guy." I'm like "wtf? Why have me (a white guy) audition then?" But of course out loud I just said "okay thank you."
I was depositing my 50$ one-hour work at an ATM and witnessed a guy possibly younger than me trying to reach unemployment office on a Friday late afternoon in his car. It is tough to witness. Could be any of us.
Is CHAD a buy now?
Idk, my flair is an overestimation of size. Y’all gave me to much credit.
wolf of wall street
The Proposal
Red at night bull's delight. Wait. What?
[deleted]
Well, I’m on 25 now and maybeeeee starting to get something. 

Although I still have no urge to moisturize my face.
Cuz moon
Europoors gonna sell as usual?
Do these cars come with cigarette lighters anymore. That would work for OP
I'm talking about this specific session which will lead into sentiment for tomorrow's opening.
Those of us who held through last earnings are getting flashbacks
Venmo 112k of it to me
Because it might have Max value on Monday when it shoots up?
Yeah. Personally I find it more annoying when the sub chooses some random dude to spam about for the whole night. At least the political takes have some kind of variation
half ark shares and half icln leaps, as deep itm as possible
I get spammed by their recruiters constantly, your chances of working there are 0 if you don't have a big name school or company on your resume. They will also require your standardized test scores and GPAs in everything. I've heard they are a terrible sweatshop that pays you ridiculous amount but also burns 90% of people out in 1-2 years.
I love you degenerates. Every other sub is so politicized but we’re all idiots here
Alternative assets having a rough weekend
[removed]
Remember that one time SPY broke when 🥭 called off stimmy talks?
None have made a profit except for one quarter here and there. None.
Give me an AWD Tesla with 200+ mile range and sub 6s 0-60 time for $25k, and I'm sold.
1.8 million retards... congrats guys
Sorry, but I feel like it needs at least 15 paragraphs to have any chance of being solid DD.
Bullish
$ICLN 📈📈📈
Green at dusk, bet it all on Musk.
why is nio going to leap jan 22?
Mang!
Interesting. I’m on whatever the regular mobile app is. Sounds like I need to switch over ASAP
Diversification is key
Yessir yessir. I think that this will fly in the long term. Amazing story and growth prospects
Why lol
What puts?
he didnt sound nervous but his tone got mad serious.
That’s what I’m thinking as well. Provided that no China noise from Trump and that impeachment proceedings don’t move the market
[removed]
It's not the same level of brainwashing tho. I can say whatever I want about Trump here, but not the same with xinnie the pooh.

> I can almost guarantee you there are at least some people in China who have nothing to question. People who for whatever reason or through whatever circumstance have had no bad interactions with the government and therefore feel like their way of life works. In recent years their economy has been booming and they have a huge middle class that's growing in wealth - that's a lot of motivation for people to conform to a system and confirmation bias that it works. 

that's what the ccp loves to claim, but really to me it's just Stockholm syndrome. Mao treated the people so bad, that literally when he died and was replaced it could only get better. People could finally make money. Which honestly this free market economy was a much better one. Until xinnie the pooh came to power... destroyed everything good there was....
The only thing that keeps TSLA going up, is the idea it will keep going up.
Looked it up, its definitely not that serious. More of an ocasional passing feeling. But that really sucks, sorry to hear. Stay with us in WSB.
🙋🏻‍♂️
They are going to be ok ...... maybe?
[deleted]
good luck u got this
I know Ken Griffin the CEO of citadel. You think he would give a job if I asked ? What are the requirements to get at least an analyst position
[removed]
Taxes were 35% for 8 years before 2016 and we mooned 300% during that time

Supply-side economics is a fucking joke. What matters and has always mattered to economic growth is monetary velocity.
Link?
Gotcha lol
I doubt it. We don't know yet if cap gains and corporate tax will be implemented on next tax year, the year after that, or at all. Id guess it will get priced in when actual legislation is introduced with specifics.
It is not really a matter of rules. It's a matter of how those in power wield that power. Trump behaved poorly using Twitter and Twitter had a way to use its power to limit his impact. Kaepernick was using his platform as an NFL player to bring attention to something totally outside the NFL. Ironically, now that speaking out against injustice is a bit more en vogue, the NFL is doing a lot to try to do what Kaepernick was doing all along.
A ton of money compared to what? 400k plus the cost of protection is nothing!
[removed]
Yep
This is called marketing
What to do with 113k cash tomorrow?
This shit made me laugh. comments like this are the reason I come here.
All bears were once bulls until Mr. Market gave em a bearcock sandwich of loses
It grows very slowly tho
Can't even say the Buffet quote anymore
Theta fucked
Tell us what the other car companies have that is valuable. Like, in any way. I'll start: metal presses. Now your turn.
He took a huge dump and the blood and semen took the shape of 750.
You guys sound old!!!   Better watch out or the Gen Zers will think you are boomers;)
Well one of them but not the actual one which specifically says call.
NIO is so hotttt right now
Overnight low is in looks like. sorry bears 😘😘😘
Phew close call. Almost bought NIO.
The link is here - https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuon1v/the_long_short_twitter_edition/git42rj/

What you posted is a Premium article I don't have access to.
I’d rather try to fly a 737 than ride in one.
u/zjz can I be His sex jester? Flair me 8=D Sex toy. I’ll send you feet pics
SPY 0dte $380p 
 
 I'm going there
AYO STFU IM IN MY FEELS

icln🚀🚀🚀
He went to bed like 3 hrs ago
Name your guilty pleasure movie. Mine is love actually
No, just my current holdings...

Will adjust at Monday open.
Back from a ban, I miss you guys 😓
This is so false. I’ve had puts that got ruined in premarket.
K ReCOverY...
Idk what you’re looking at going green
I bought NIO 1/15 66c

Just one contract, and not because I think it's a brilliant play.  More just to break my cherry.  I want to do small, safe trades until I feel like I have some idea what I'm doing.  I have a couple 100k in play at vanguard and I want to do some puts as insurance also, I'm willing to spend some money in order to sleep well.
Fair enough, I didn’t read it correctly. I could see that being true as a combination of infected and vaccinated.
I no tink so
So icln 1000 EOY
Have you seen RC tweet?
Talk crap = fraud

Post meme = 🚀🚀🚀

Sources: 
1. https://twitter.com/elonmusk?s=09

2. https://twitter.com/ryancohen?s=09
Sir this is a sub for subway riders.
Hoping we open green tomorrow so I can load up on 0dte puts. 🔪 🩸
[deleted]
[removed]
Free speech is dying. Think of the anti-fa people talking about fighting nazis. Guess what doofus. Stalinist USSR also killed nazis. A hell of a lot more than everyone else too. The soviets were just as evil as the nazis and that is who you are modeling your fight on.
I much prefer lobster melodic patterns
On alien blue and it’s pinned
Thats a good play, thanks. I'm in.
Unavailable, what did it say?
that press release is from Wednesday: https://www.governor.ny.gov/news/governor-cuomo-announces-proposal-enable-online-sports-wagering-part-2021-state-state
Sounds like Barron's is providing confirmation to Cohen.
[deleted]
Jeez bro can you suck off the mods any harder 

(I agree with you though)
This is the way
Hopefully he enjoys the oil leak issues on that generation of the m5

lol gl not blowing a head gasket on those trash-ass quality control cars, he gonna need it
Calm down you forkers! Green by 1 pm EST. Rates are practically negative + juicy Biden eCONomy plan to be released this week!
[deleted]
I don’t bet on sports anymore and I am a lifelong Browns fan so I would never gamble on my team.
Not Netflix IMO
A bit fed up of the anti-chinese company posts, its borderline racist to assume all are cooking the books and a scam. Scams can happen everywhere in all markets, they already have, Nikola?????? Everybody likes to shit on China no wonder no one gets along. If Nio were an American company and Tesla a chinese company, I know who you would say is a "hustle".
If ICLN isn’t up to 75 by EOY I will be shook.
No :(
[deleted]
how long u think the dip gonna last? a one day type of thing or all week?
NIO
Spelling his name right is a start lol jk
RECAF.

Here's your DD: 📈🚀🚀🚀🌛. Ship leaves for the moon within a few weeks.
Shorter time to expiry + farther OTM = cheap option = more leverage.
Already going green, stop panicking bears r fuk as always
TA is astrology for 25-35 Yr old men
Does this export into Excel easily?
$IPOE 🚀
Final ending, the train tracks end at a cliff and the train drives off because it goes too fast.
[deleted]
It's the usual Sunday night futures tug of war between green and red, with retards panicking and then rejoicing on rotation every 30 minutes
Is it too late to hop on the MARA train?
I think his self driving will be his main competitive advantage in the future. I hope EV competitors catch up to the hardware and prices begin to drop tho
Since you’re on this sub you’re prolly automatically qualified
Oh I'm not saying cancel culture would have been chill, just that it would have been fair and fine by me.
I'm impressed. That's either a long time to remember a lot of knowledge you don't use or a lot of studying. Or both. Either way, good luck on your new job.
YES I succeeded in my efforts
Never seen that pattern before but it sounds terrible.
I mean I’m definitely a dunce
Biden wants the dip so he can buy in at lower price. He a boomer remember
[deleted]
His wife's boyfriend balances the checkbook
I wish I was an underpenetrated market so RC would look at me and make me less underpentrated 
400 shares ~$20
[removed]
I love you Corona Chan!!! I always had faith! You do gods work 😍😘🤩🤗🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
850
840
Short expirations on sale. Guess I’ll pick some up.  😂
at 9 i think
[deleted]
Big dub bruh. I didn't have as much to start with but made a cool 2k. Might put back in like u.
https://twitter.com/marginalidea/status/1348421367377571843

PLUG ftw!  Undervalued!
[deleted]
It’s 8 bucks a month or a little less per if you do a whole year, gotta save that for stonks
[removed]
Check out his username
[deleted]
Got it. Lets all invest in American NKLA.
u/richtofin115 is the kinda guy to ask the employees at the grocery store what aisle the tampons are on
Wait till it hits $1400 in a couple of years at most. You guys already wore down your keyboards writing "overvalued" which you can't calculate or show based on any math that makes any sense given CAGR.
CES this week.  
Tech gonna moon to Mars and rocket to Uranus
How dare you question lord Cohen, first of his name, ruler of the bitches and protector of the tendies!!
Fuck. I’m a lurker. I’m not getting an invite
never
Yup, they’re definitely going bankrupt 🙄
This shitter just wants to shill you otm spy puts
This looks like the beginning of a loss porn story... enjoy the ride and godspeed!
[removed]
Are your calls okay?
Nice!!
NFLX puts exp after earnings tempting rn
Weekends I don’t think it’s a big deal but it’s super fucking annoying during trading hours. Last week was brutal
Buy the dip
Link to PLTR futures? help an autist who only knows indices futures
Aliens means new tech, Nasdaq would literally triple overnight
I know Ken Kriffin the CEO of citadel. You think he would give a job if I asked ? What are the requirements to get at least an analyst position
It's called derealization depersonalization disorder and can get worse with stress. 

Reality for me is like just below a lucid dream 24/7. 2% of people deal with it and it fucking sucks.
what clf call are you buying, the 19 dollar?
Nice post.  Very good DD.
It's hilarious...
Why do you say that? MT has been moving.
Got money on the over or under? My producer probably put money on them. Who they playing
[deleted]
I aint got any of that. If you say so  🚀🚀🚀 fine by me
100
Underrated stupidity-wise? I don't know, I think I rated it correctly for it's level of stupidity.
I completely agree just like it’s been here forever and suddenly they’ve started banning people for it
Predictions for Tesla open?
When this baby hits $6,969 you're gonna see some serious shit
Broooo if this is green by open!?!?!






I'll be buying 0dte puts thank u very much
Your mom gave me crab harmonic patterns
Quit making assumptions. When you assume you make an ass out of U and ME. I’m not claiming it’ll go up nor down, just stating my observations. If you were at all doing the same since March you’d realize fundamentals as well as any sort of logic is no longer relevant. Bubbles included.
“Just”
I sure hope so
RMO don’t get no love :/
They trade at less than 2 P/E even if 💩🪙 "tanks" all the way down to 28k. I will cum if we get a 33% dip to buy.
[removed]
Not for stocks
Tesla part of the SP500 now. That doesn’t mean Tesla has to correct with the rest of the market but if SP500 corrects 10% it will be hard for Tesla to keep mooning. At least for a few weeks. Long enough to burn short expiration calls.
Every week feels like Groundhog Day, slight correction Monday, MOON mission Tuesday, event that causes a dip wed-thurs, rebound to mooning Friday
Literally none of these are an inverse
Yum
I have no info on the other 2 but if I can speak with authority on anything it is to never short Tesla, even if they said they were shutting down operations tomorrow morning.  TLDR: Never short TSLA.
Do you think so?
This has not aged well so far
The only flair I want is one that shows I am most active in WSB and unemployment
God I love this sub I am laughing so hard right now my girlfriend is looking at me like whats so funny. She wouldn't get it.
Great, now they'll be on sale!
Well, we were pushing for a flair, we didn’t specify what flair
CLF AND X ALL DAY
"Well I bought TSLA when it was way low. Then I bought more. Anyway now I'm a millionaire why don't you invest like me?"
its up 2% in china but they rarely move the same way so idk what he is happy about lol
I am a lurker on here and frankly I don't understand shit. But even I found this post weird. You guys really are retards, how do I get in?
We’ll saving a ton of money by not giving pension and protection.
You chart readers really aren't doing yourselves any favors by saying shit like "bearish crab harmonic pattern"
Same, I don't believe they have a beta car out in a year time, would be shocked
*I* am Retardicus
I mean it. You’ve won. Don’t be greedy. Last week was the reason you’ve done all the work. How’s not the time to derp about “what if’s” or “if only”. Be proud of yourself, and take pride in the accomplishment; not sorrow in the fairytale.
That's what I'm thinking but could get a $82
Understood, buying Signal stonk
Yes, or it is one quick trick to get delisted once the share price drops below $1 because of the autistic splits. 

Of course, then he could do reverse split, but that would only trigger more selling from people who think they can get out after it 'pumped'
Sorry for the multiple posts, had to go to my TD account...
So we’re buying around what...11am?
That’s all I needed to hear 🚀
Delightful
Weed stock puts for end of the week expiry.  (Cdn LPS)
tbh we keep telling people if they really believe tsla will burst to buy puts instead of saying shit. given last couple weeks and how close to 1T market cap it's getting, it's not a totally unreasonable play, maybe the exp is too aggressive but it's wsb so i shouldn't expect something else. 

I thought about hedging myself with that but I will just sell some part and keep the cash for now
He’s not in a yacht. Ban!
Hk Exchange
If I want one of drew brees’ ribs, how much do you think it’ll cost me?
V A P I D
Mods pls give me tiny penis flair like this guy.

Or “Simps for Cathie” idc just make it known I’m a virgin
Yes
Boeing puts? Their plane just crashed
Both of them are right but at different timeframe. We are still in bubble and chamath investments/spaq are making a killing in this overhyped, hyper inflated bubble economy. Tesla’s rise is linear but the stockprice grew exponential. People making tons of profit should consider themselves lucky guy who happened to win 10 streks in black in roulette. 

Burry might be burned in short term but he will be vendicated and will win at the end. Burry himself said tesla is a revolutionary company and very optimistic about its future but stock price is way overvalued and due for a major correction. Both chamath and burry will be making money while wsb autist will end up being looser who will buy at top and sell at low.
Look at the HK exchange
[removed]
What are some down companies to get puts on?  Thinking about IBM & maybe NFLX.
No shade against Hyundai but really? I'd expect apple to go into agreement with a luxary car brand.
GUHHH
Buying $GME before ICR on Monday
Ipod and ipof will announce before psth.

The 4b lowers the number of targets.
I read this as he announced it and nutted
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA

.... wait, you're serious?

post positions my brave 🌈🐻
It is because nobody wants to see politics 24/7 like we see in 99% of reddit.
Dollar been building bullish divergence. It broke out of downward channel last week. VIX has bullish divergence. Major ETFs on bearish divergent highs. Some profit taking finna happen I think. SPY gotta come down to 20EMA sooner or later lol

Currently INTC puts and UVXY calls
super cycle
Icln EOY?
its an electric geo storm...
Only Michael Burry
Look what you did 🤣
ARKG calls
So pumping basically?
It is from here.

[Twitter (TWTR) Could Collapse 20% With No President Trump - Global Equities' Chowdhry (streetinsider.com)](https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst+Comments/Twitter+%28TWTR%29+Could+Collapse+20%25+With+No+President+Trump+-+Global+Equities+Chowdhry/17794687.html)

Not sure where he got his source though
Well if the Elves get more gold, the value goes down because of simple supply and demand economics, so maybe the Orcs won this weekend.
Maybe, not sure.
Hang Seng hasn't done what our bubble market has done since the pandemic panic ended.
[removed]
2020/21 life IS surreal
So this concept would apply to a normal stock more than it does to Tesla since the IV on Tesla drives option prices through the roof and decreases the ratio.  I think this guy is retarded.
What was his PE?
Ugly is someone else’s masterpiece
Nope that's not it. Although YOLO does have some US holdings (including the big four at decent weights) it also has exposure to Canadian companies. The $MSO ETF is a pure american cannabis ETF.  


YOLO Holdings: [https://advisorshares.com/etfs/yolo/#yolo](https://advisorshares.com/etfs/yolo/#yolo) (click Holdings tab)  
MSOS Holdings: [https://advisorshares.com/etfs/msos/](https://advisorshares.com/etfs/msos/) (click Holdings tab)
Fox cnn all owned by the same people
porque?
That and let’s not forget that a Green New Deal IS gonna happen now. 

It’s gonna be a green energy parade. If you think it’s blowing up now, put on your seatbelt, cuz this rocket ride hasn’t even started.
why
That and the fact China doesn’t allow audits by foreigners. They can say earnings are whatever the fuck they want.
I bought a single call at 3:59pm on Friday so I feel invested enough to comment on how absolutely ridiculous this is.
I got a letter of disapproval from the Admin bot because I said the mentally challenged were smarter than me because they didn't eat shit.
Titans, Tannehill is underrated, the offense is dominant, fix the defense and we moon!! Buying the dip after today’s loss
I fucking hate this sub
Cuz USD is God
I was thinking that while I read the first paragraph and then downvoted it and moved on.
Cuomo tweet
You guys gotta realize trying to be earlier than Cathe on genomics is a terrible play.
Subscribed. I want to know too!
Not all are ccp shills, some are paid by private chinese companies to do this, if private is still a thing in China. Paid online promoter is a booming business in many countries.
lifted ram owners are still the worst, imo
It could be argued there's plenty of brainwashing here too, hell look at the cult of personality around Trump or watch any mainstream "news" channel (or just TV in general). I can almost guarantee you there are at least some people in China who have nothing to question. People who for whatever reason or through whatever circumstance have had no bad interactions with the government and therefore feel like their way of life works. In recent years their economy has been booming and they have a huge middle class that's growing in wealth - that's a lot of motivation for people to conform to a system and confirmation bias that it works. I'm not arguing whether they are right or wrong, merely arguing that they exist and we shouldn't be surprised. I'm sure there's plenty of places in the world that think of us (Americans) the same way.
PTON puts
Some would say production is better than consumption. I guess I’m looking for a balance, but I’m not sure ik what would be right.

Just never satisfied.
Brandi Love the GOAT
So is Biden’s tax plan priced in yet or....
Listen man, I read this entire thing and I'm not gunna pretend I understood any of it.  


Your mom inflates 2% a year.
But what about my paper hands?
GET TO CALIFORNIA
If Jeff bezos died tomorrow, amazon would likely drop in market price.
When get tiny penis flair!? 🤣
MARA and RIOT are so fucked tomorrow, I was about to buy in on Friday
How certain m8? I need a good play, my calls have been ass lately
If you don’t buy Uranium at your local market what the fuck you doing with your life
Obv
That's because they are
One of our favorite activities is doing 5 million other things instead of hitting that 'Sell' button. If you're newer, welcome to the sweat equity that the markets provide. A lot of folks here believe the thesis that GME will be moving on up. Unfortunately it's just not going to pop up to $40 in a week. Hold on to it, at least in case it does pop to $40...
Comment very underrated....
Yeah bro but don't get caught up in that feeling for too long because reality can suck dick too
If you don’t understand the commodity super cycle you’re the biggest asshole on this platform
Tencent is and it’s up
Probably when the aliens actually show themselves and people shit their pants
Pls tell me spy 381C 1/22 are gunna be alright.
MARA puts at open
I know a guy at Alibaba that might be interested
we buy Chinese stocks BECAUSE of the manipulation...
WSB awards have paid for probably 100 years of reddit server time by now, no fucking way they'll ban us

Also lol at thinking WSB is even close to conservative
I’m having deja vu of bulls freaking out last Sunday only to have for Monday’s premarket looking great
Big dip coming no reason  not to get some extra dough
I got 60 we printing tomorrow
Hehehehe love seeing this! Followed him for shits and giggles.. kinda funny that he has the time and energy to reply to every comment on twitter. Company is a literal bag of steaming dog dick. (Short $27,000) :)
It’s up about 2% in HK
Lmaooo I crack up every time I remember Arnold Schwarzenegger was our governor in California 😂

Gah, get to the choppa
How many tickers do y’all play at a time?
He also caused the dips at times I’ll take a more consistent market
These mfers always fleeing to tech for safety everytime there’s any type of selloff, like tech isn’t overvalued as fuck.
I always forget what the correlation between gold and the dollar are? AU up $ down?
Same
[removed]
Have $13k of available margin. Looking at either NIO Jan 22 leaps, AMD mar 21 calls for CES this week or PLTR shares for long term hold. Any of these good for Monday open ordering or should I consider something else?
Wait you have to learn about markets first then buy options??
[removed]
Biden has literally zero say in stimulus u dunce
Red
So they can turn green
If their stock dropped 50% because the fda didn’t approve their product. Ark investing in them would make it jump back up to 100%?
Way easier
Used a ton in solar, like 50% of the industrial use
What?
We nothing. He looked at last year and realized it was only a momentary bump to an otherwise crash. The only reason Biden is doing another Stim is to keep us propped up. I’m on neither side but think about it.
[deleted]
Honestly, I just enjoy getting classier designer belts. Something like Hermès would likely keep its value to some regard but I’m not looking to sell this item. It’s more of a personal pleasure then not. Shoes and belts, I’ve stopped growing and already have an extensive color list for pants, belts... not so much, shirts I could careless, I have some collectible items but mostly I just wear plain white T-shirts and whatever color jeans I feel like matching with my shoes. I like the fact that these belts are reversible and last forever. I’ve spent plenty of money on crap leather belts that end up trashed in a year plus. Honestly higher end belts only get better with time if you care for the leather. I’m mainly looking to add a new set of colors into my color way or belts.

I doubt this would financially ruin me. I guess I’m just trying to justify spending money on myself for my birthday. Just a single male with nothing available to do for my birthday so any money I would have spent on pre-covid activities is saved because I’m incredibly limited to what I can do, obviously everyone is.
The only word I understood was “buy”
MITI - Its clinic business is set to open first clinic in Q1, additional clinics in MN and CO later in 2021, and National expansion thereafter. Management team of the clinic business is comprised of the team that sold MinuteClinic to CVS in the late 2000s for almost $200M. Mitesco is currently in the process of securing additional funding for future acquisition activity. Shares are cheap as hell and this thing is already starting to takeoff. Buy in now while it’s cheap, and enjoy the ride my friends.

LRDC - Recently secured funding and new $100M oil project. Stock spiked last week and will continue to rise as more is released about continuing development plans and new acquisitions. Easy turn around on cheap shares. 

Let’s harvest this grain, my family ✊🏼
🆙
Fucking fast car
gonna catch it this week. trailer was good.
Ok I think I got it. So there’s different rules based on the perception or how large an organization is?
It's relative to other currencies and every other country is printing just as much if not more.
Red at night, bulls delight
but not too red
DKNG going to absolutely explode tomorrow
slavery is inefficient. 

Capital and paid labor is king. There is a reason the South became a hell pit while the north expressed huge innovations in material production as well as the US kicked the Soviet's ass during the cold war on production and innovation. 

Slavery doesn't produce innovation which means things stagnate.
The autists who couldn’t read assumed the whole thing was bull shit. Good thing we have the full spectrum here or else we would have never put a stop to it
2/19?
No problem!
forward looking right, 2k is priced in now.  what's next?  hopefully the 5 trillion infrastructure bill
Does anyone sometimes feel like life is surreal?
Can BUYden pump this shit like Donny used to? 

https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1348430675238678528?s=20
ur a douche
100% up your ass
Made a ton off snow, felt smart, then it took it all back from me.  In a week that stock can make you rich or send you to the poor house
[deleted]
Next time I’d rather just get born rich
Asia markets all green bear rek
Not a fan but I’d gander at those jubblies
[removed]
bro no ones gonna pay for legal weed lmao
Yeah I’m aware. I’m not new to the stock market. I just know what a bubble top looks like. 

I’ll leave it at that. Check back in a few months
[deleted]
Is this thread not pinned on the front page for anyone else?
Yeah. One of the more advanced companies that are public. I think they’re hoping they’ll make the tech more efficient so they can keep selling oil. So it’s like selling cigarettes but also making cancer drugs. Lot of possible $$ if they lead in it.
This^. Nothing this sub says outside of “retard” and “FD” are super offensive to anyone. It probably breaks more SEC rules than it hurts feelings.
Green open with red close
Cough on them
Tell him to sell naked calls instead
According to the article, it’s price tag is supposed to top out at 30k. No idea where they got that number though.
[removed]
Gold gapping up on Rivendell stock exchange... again.
After being up over 100% the past month they’re down 10% today. 🙄
Short WBA shares
This is WSB, we're all retarted here. Still no excuse for your bias and racism.
You don't "pick" a meme stock....the memes infiltrate your subconscious and the next thing you know your fucking broke.
good shit, thanks for lettin me know.
You want worms? Cause that's how you get worms
So don’t hold index funds for the next week.  Tsla still hitting Uranus.
Dollar goes up bc US says it goes up.


It might not be right, but that’s just how it is
[deleted]
minority report coming to a reality near u
Of course not king
TSLA bears become bears because of their paper hands and regrets. I’m sure of this
[deleted]
Going to look like a giant dick driving down the road
Is it too late to buy 1 tesla 1000 call 2022? For 100k? Lmaoo
i’ve executed more than 10,000 trades in RH, that’s how much i tried to stay with it, you might think it’s ok, but your getting screwed over, i’ve left ameritrade and ally invest aswell, i’ve used trade station (crashes too much) and lightspeed (expensive, but it’s the best) i’ve only had webull for a week, pretty good so far, webull has no delays for options approval
Big papa pump..
good for planet, but can it make me money
I find it funny the mods created a whole thread for political speech the other day 😂 like normally about 1/10 posts are actually about the market
Wow puts on steelers defense aren't they known for that?  Good field goal at the end though i thought a 61yrder at heinz in Jan wouldn't have a chance.  Maybe I should stay out of mkt this week shit.
If we're gonna gap down, then it wasn't priced in.
KG
bout to be .. in calls
#.🔮🐻🔮
^(The Big Short 🩸)
At least the bearish crab harmonic pattern is better than the infamous inverted penis pattern... that one is a real disappointing doozie.
When does the truck come out?
[removed]
The last few mondays we opened red, cryptö was down night before. Those markets are 24/7 and have been good indicators
Just like ur mother lmao
I’m sure you’re right. I bet there wouldn’t have been a massive uproar calling out the nfl. No one would’ve intervened and everyone would’ve acted mature.
Y’all acting like this ain’t gonna be green by open. Smh.
[deleted]
Plantains 🍌🍌🍌 to the 🌝🌝🌝
Bruh.

Gonna need some ice on these burns.
Getting this tattooed on me
I imagine it will be all smooth and curvy tear drop shaped. I hate all the modern car looks, I love some straight lines
Big 📠
$OXY
Elon hasn’t even applied pressure. Bears be warned.
but do they come with a charger?
Please take JD with it 🙏
[removed]
I said literally any pot stock is gonna do well. I'm gonna load up on as many 2022/2023 calls as I can afford before the banking bill hits, then sell them all.
ICLN and NIO calls
The only thing worse than a 🌈🐻 is a 🌈🐻 with crabs. They get everywhere
Thank you brother
Remind me at lunch tmrw
Why is tsla in this 🗑️ group
$BE call

$CLF call

$X call

$TSLA put Jan '22


Playing hydrogen fuel cell and steel in the lead up to Bidens infrastructure announcement on Thursday.
NIO is precious jewel of China pride. TSLA is old white guy who wants to live on Mars.
when
Lmao okay, I don’t even have positions in Tesla I’m cash rn. But yes you still must be new to the stock market and have not observed Tesla as well as the rest of the entire market since last March. Logic no longer exists pal.
r/woosh
Is this accurate or trolling cause I'm holding calls
Good points to be made!
Makes me sad 😔
Lololo no
[deleted]
What is Spac
No. Last week was just insane.
NIO calls
That one has been posted before as well.
Yes I know the ecosystem but what can their car offer in that? Most urban people don’t even own cars.
imagine thinking we'll  get circuit breakers ever again in the remaining history of the universe
Alex Jones is.. The Truth?
Right😅😅😅
WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG
WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG
WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG
[deleted]
35-10 at the half!
I thought dollar going up good?
Is OXY doing carbon capture?
You did the right thing. Pay off all your debt, park the rest in an ETF, and buy back in at the pop.
Nice, much realer than I realized it was.
It closed around +200ish (2:1)
There’s an entire generation that doesn’t understand c dos run jokes.
wrong, it goes to 640k
I’m winning the power ball then YOLOing funds in $TSLA
It's a bit more than 20 million.. 65ish million last year, down from like 80 or something. but nowhere near 200 million. 

Imagine thinking the demand is going to be so great that we literally would have to more than double the car production in the world just for 1 model. 

I can't believe people are actually retarded enough to believe this.
[removed]
ABB/SIEGY/GE/PRYMY
Can someone link me the alternative to WSB in case this place gets cancelled or found guilty of conservative thoughtcrime?  I know that mods/others were building a potential replacement...where is that?
[deleted]
It seems like taking steroids would help investing performance.
[deleted]
They hate us because they anus
The thing with GME is we ll be revarded by handjob by melevin whether they like it or not. It's not TESLA play that delivers +5% everyday but then You suddenly wake up to -50% crash
So what are you doing so I can inverse you?
CCP shill
Hmm wonder what Mara will open up at
bruh what do you think happened during this pandemic
SPY $490C 5/28
Guaranteed to turn you gay in 1 second flat
Slight technical correction, but same point stands - I think you meant bearish lobster tail-wing pattern. Notice the parallel dip at the 91.08 mark that distinguishes it from the crab harmonic pattern. Great find!
[deleted]
We love this new look on u
Witness me
2022 launch hinted? So 2024 then.. got it 👍🏼
Green by open or I will be sad
ye ofc I'm in tesla. I'll hold for years. absolutely love it
ya BA is a tough one, should rebound in the commercial planes but assume defense cuts coming in new admin
I hear you. I kept some of my APHA position for reflex action for people going into the big names, but I'm trimming that. 

I think there's a change the Canadian LPs well do well, but to me it's just another layer of potential problems. 

There could be a whole bunch of considerations around job creation and taxes -- I don't think they will just be able to come in and flood the states with weed. They either need to acquire (limited licenses seem like they would be expensive AF) or establish themselves (after the MSOs already have done so). 

There is just too much regulatory risk and execution risk for me. I liked APHA because they were prudent but I'm not convinced by the sweetwater acquisition and Tilray merger. I don't they expected the senate win.
hey thats me🙋‍♂️☺️
I spy a G
I think i'm gonna trade in my model 3 for the cybertruck when it comes out. That shit looks so fucking dope.
The futures are just like the dildo your boyfriend uses to open your ass up a bit. Open is when he gets his cock out and really goes for it.
Webull is trash. I made my td Ameritrade account and tried to transfer it a couple weeks ago. Haven’t heard back
Because not all traders are retards and take profit
+230
So why is dollar going up? In the light of multi-trillion dollar stimulus. Risk of political instability?
Circuit breakers are like once in a decade moments, we aren’t going to have them every few months...
If we’re in this sub then we clearly know basic fucking finance
imagine bul looking at the fute right now in absolute shambles 🤣 😂
It’s joe Biden’s America. Now we support corporations ultimate authority!! But only on removal of free speech!!!!
Burry was right. We are doomed.
Hey outta here with your “intelligence” and “good reasoning” and “research”. 

These babies keep mooning tomorrow.
Lmao. What a WSB way to spend a Sunday evening.
Yesss raising the stakes.  As soon as you start trash talking in the game, the level of intensity soars and nothing else matters
Notccbot2 will be here soon
But that stock in HK gave me good confirmation bias thank you
I read this in the voice of Ralphy from A Christmas Story
Think of how stupid the average WSB'er is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.

-GC


Inversing all of you MFing idiots tomorrow.



See you in HELL
Long CLF
So...NIO puts?
How are they winning?? I don’t even watch football and know the browns are shit (go pack go or whatever)
You actually think we are interested in making educated decisions? What the fuck?
My guess if they partner with Hyundai is it will be a whole brand. Either Hyundai will convert all of Genesis to Apple or they will spin up a new line.
Huzzah!  A mod of quality!
Tickers bro. Need tickers
[removed]
shit corn dipping, strong correlation
Make It open source so other developers (like myself) can contribute
Github link, please..
oh shit. Buying calls at open
We are fucked y’all looking like a dub
[deleted]
Stalin was a great capitalist.
Yeah - I don’t confirm your biases. I don’t fit in here. 

66% correction coming soon. Strap up
[deleted]
Because digital 🪙s are dipping
[deleted]
I’ve got my $70c till 1/29!! NIO TO $70 TOMORROW!
[deleted]
Why not buy US and CA operators? MSOs are going to have a huge lead on CRON, & APH. CGC will be top player but so will TRUL, GTII, CURA. (especially by the time weed by mail is allowed across state lines)

If you want to buy MSO's see $MSOS on NYSE.   $MSOS 40C June 21
All I heard was 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This is how it starts.
Smart dude, keeps his legacy secure.
Imagine thinking that's some profit-taking wouldn't happen. Still if you don't buy this dip you will get fucked this is your final warning
It ain't looking good boys
Insane isn't it?
Ban
AR
Are we reading the same subreddit?
[removed]
How down does Twitter open tomorrow?
I think my hair dresser died or closed because of covid. I haven’t gotten a cut for 11 months because of wfh and I decided to grow the flow out. 

I can’t get ahold of her now. I might have to go to this new barber/bar combo that just opened up instead 

Meanwhile my hair is going full braveheart Mel Gibson
He won’t be able to afford it
[just more promising details](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html)
Wow that really is huge. Last I heard Apple was backing off the news as if they were unhappy Hyundai had started talking about it
Just wait for a few 3-5% consecutive red days
Red open green close
I know you can make money investing in SPACs but fuck me is it boring.

Ackman just announce the fucken PSTH merger!
Haha im Pittsburgh and i will actually be happy for yall but i know imma have to hear this shit for the next five years which is why i dont like it and i am roasting
For 2020, same. No shame.
It should be a lot higher, especially leading consumer AR/VR development.
Why? Bcuz China?
Probably October this year
They can add the Aapl cult following and "ecosystem"
their products are usually beautiful, considering what they are. A car can be made pretty awesome.
I only fear the "Inverted Crane Parabolic Signal"
Got it. Calls on spy 🚀🚀
Browns winning. TOmorrow will be very red day
Deep in gold so I obviously prefer a red open with a red close
/u/deepfuckingvalue is the only person keeping this sub afloat
After the vaccine Everyone is now a diagnosed retard
Can’t wait for you ride up my ass on the highway 🙌🏼
Green open red close.
Buy calls for every night.
Sell for puts in the morning.
Rinse
Repeat
BABA mooning 🥰
You have to be joking, right?

Because if you're not, you should check your brain, there's something wrong with it.
I’m in. What are you looking at
Only when they get bankrupt isn't it? Otherwise this is literally free money.
What the fuck
Market makers usual do buy at a rate to cover themselves from losses if I understand correctly.
[I understood that reference](https://imgur.com/gallery/XS5LK)
Wcgw
Most of the Instagram ones are funny. The tiktok ones are just people trying to push their discord or their “stock picks”
[deleted]
That's still no different from other countries that violate human rights, just admit you're biased and racist
It is the only way I can feel anything anymore.
The dog paintings specifically
My permabull ass is getting passed around by a bunch of gay bears rn smfh
Yeah lol. I’d buy one but let’s be real no one is gonna have the same kind of self driving innovation and other quirkiness of daddy 🍉
Imagine being a poor and not Theta Gang 

Disgusting. 

👑🐌👑😂
I have approximately 5 M’s for you. Moon. Monday. Marble. Mind. Motherfucker. (Rocket ship emoji)
Apple, Tesla, Twitter, Facebook, Google should just buyback on the dip to show Donald Dump who is 🤴.
Can’t see aliens in outer space without 🚀🚀🚀
I try to do my best on this platform to help people and give them information since I do a lot of research into a market that's not heavily explored due to language barriers. And then I get this kinda bullshit. Like I own Tesla and plan on buying the Faraday SPAC too, like fuck off man I'm excited about companies in this sector. I also invest in oil and gas, fintech and technology companies but those are all well covered so I don't see the need to make posts and clear misconceptions.
That time of month again
The terrorists have won lmao
Can any of you autists give me some suggestions to throw my money at? Already in long term icln
crazy how many new people are here because we didn’t call leg down until -2% or more last year...maybe even more? I just remembered going “why can’t I trade??”
He was joking lol
Great public speaker though
Everything is down. Not just futures. And they killed the OG 🐂
I'll trade you, -10 here
[removed]
how is there already 11k comments wtf? i remember the day when i could read most/if not all the comments in a day. what is happening
[deleted]
More marijuana and masturbation will usually do the trick
Ceiling
Because youth is worth something as well.
Green close cause waking up sucks
Could easily stay around where it’s at. But After auntie Cathy pledged her supper my prediction is over $95 Expect at least a few other funds to follow suite tomorrow. I played it safe. March 19th calls at $100.
bUl R fUk
Im just roasting bro because i am from Pittsburgh

Yalll are kicking butt keep it up
I believe the other supplier is LG currently. Don’t think any of the tech is Tesla’s though. From what I’ve read the JV is Panasonic using Tesla’s facilities to make the batteries they are selling to Tesla but they’re Panasonic batteries.
That is what I did. It was fun until it wasn't.
Yeah a couple would be a nice way to hedge
Thanks man. Appreciate it.
Now you're talking my language.
i see them up 2%? not quite ripping imo
I do agree with buying shares and calls though. I only recall 8chan off the top of my head and it was mostly positive
Apple homers will still buy it
$25-30 this week
Short his job.
MSOS\* probably. He's wrong either way lol. Maybe in 5 years?
They don't need the money, it's just not necessary to take it public, they're already making $ hand over fist and can expand pretty easily I think (I don't hear anything about it internationally really just a little in Canada / UK) 

Would be grabbing stock on the first day if it ever did go public though
Imagine thinking that typing this in here will some how mean it won't
[deleted]
[removed]
Randomly pick a meme stock
Sheesh
You tell him you can't, and you save him a life of misery
monday
If markets open down I'll just wait until it is bought up and join my brothers to ATH tendie town.
Tryna get those 1500 Tesla FDs eh?
Puts on reddit to be properly hedged
Like we understand lol
Do y’all prefer a red open and green close. Or green open with a red close?
F

I think OP is the intern with his statistics and all.
company that loses millions with a $1.5 billion market cap. okay.
Will be 50+% down this week
We live in a post circuit breaker world.
[removed]
Oh my god I'm old
Lmfao
It's where the crab snips the penis of your gfs new bf
[deleted]
You can find that same level of retardation in this sub too
Whoa how come?
Margo tho
You right, take it to r/politics they'll understand you there.
You can suck my bearish crab harmonica
\*markets down .4%\*

WSB: "cIrCuiT bReaKer toMorroW? sEconD lEg dOwn?"
What’s the pay out
5% Apple gain is worth 0.25 lb white rice in NK
Why isn’t NIO on the HK exchange?
Obviously you’ve never driven an M5.
Yes but those who are holding can short the stock today at highs and essentially cover through exercise of convertible feature or warrant.
Probably flawed strategy but I doubled my position using margin when it hit $20 and I used half to sell covered calls two weeks out. 2nd cycle now. Will rinse and repeat for awhile and hope it doesn't drop into oblivion.


Prior to that I sold ccs a few times but twice they hit strike and I wound up buying more on margin trying to fomo chase the wave.

Logically it's probably a mediocre approach but emotionally it's easier to hold half in case it does moon while picking up some modest returns during the dips.
My bad, yeah I’m sick of all this nonsense too. Honestly, I’m getting sick of this USA USA bullshit everywhere you go on this website. Makes anything that remotely touches China turn into a shit fest.
[deleted]
*Futures down .5%*

Gay bear: tHiS iS tHe CoRrEctiOn
When am I defending Xi? I'm just attacking your bias and racism.
[removed]
[removed]
icln rocketship emoji
[deleted]
FB has been such a boomer stock

Will Zuck ever get to cuck 

Find out on the next episode of DragonballZ
You’re trying to reason with people who call themselves autistic and retarded, it’s not gonna work
fox is going to be the only outlet left for conservatives pretty soon, so i'd say calls on fox
MySundae
The AAPL car is going to look so gay and ugly

You heard it here first
"You know what Capitalism is? Get Fucked"
-Scarface
What racist freak out? What I miss?
Dude welcome back. Don’t say you support free speech or you’ll get sent to downvote jail
Why are futures red?
I'm new to this investing game... only made 42% gains last year.  How can I start making real money?
Do I seem worried? 😎
This is the way
Futures slowly recovering. Pleas keep flying TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[here](https://www.teslareporter.com/2871/tesla-teases-25k-all-electric-car-to-drop-in-2022/)
Expand?
Just move your portfolio to China and you good all 2021
Fuck boys my coworker just texted me asking how to short TSLA. What do
No sir her tits are fat
Not losing money feels just as good as making money. CMV
What’s the hype on icln? Why such a bullish attitude ?
[deleted]
wait, now the commies are trying to weaponize WSB too?  I'm either too blind or too lazy to keep up, but what is the Party going to do with an army of retards?
We’ll see.
[deleted]
I’m going long on riot tomorrow. Cause this digital asset is going down again
Good ideas, but bad at execution. 

No wait...

He was good at execution, but had bad ideas.
[deleted]
nobody gives a  shit
That’s a Chicano breakfast bro, you’ll be fine
[removed]
Would that be how TSLA tank? Elon just "disapprear"
My mom is shaped like an egg only corners she can hook is Easter egg dipping corners
*BUY NOW, THE CLOCK IS TICKING*

The clock: resets itself every refresh
Any tips on transferring accounts from webull?
Sounds like something someone would say when they haven’t looked at vix over the last couple weeks
you must be new here
Where's the circuit breakers?

We need a breather and a digestion in the markets now or it's going to be even more ugly if it doesn't
What does that mean?
They are literally just fomoing EV. Not saying it won't work out for them but it's not like they give af about the product
Damn the amount of people who didn’t get this reference
I swear to god GenZedong is a spooky place, thought it was satire at first
$100*
thanks man, i really appreciate you trying to help. I definitely!!! would pay attention to your program. Please let us know as often as possible whats popping!!
Very good chance
Bearish crab harmonic sounds like a Pokémon attack
[deleted]
Okay thanks
Calls
🤣🤣
MSDOS to 225
Do OTM options expand on mondays? Some of these calls aren’t high enough from current price
I'll suck your fucking dick if MARA is down 33% tomorrow.
But shitkwan exists now.
Instead of a dry month I’m gonna eat bear meat only
For a month.  CalL it BULLS FUCK BEARS ASSES MONTH
Up 10% in Chippendales
Should be the new meme play!
I used powerhouse because they became the biggest mj company in world with their move. Im pretty high rn, so ill do the best to remeber my DD.

They have two large factories is Europe. Their eyes are already shifting to the U.S, they are building a hub in the U.S I believe giving them positioning for Mexico depending on location.

APHA was doing alright with their financials, TLRY wasn't, but it's Aphria's team is the one taking over.

Also consider market psychology, when legalization happens the big names will be ones people FOMO into. The ones that have been talked about for a while, and people are familiar with.

I'm not saying yours wont pop off, they all will. I'm also probably going to play SBVCF.
Is it bad I kinda want this?... wtf is wrong with me???
why?
I'm not usually a 🌈🐻, but I think there's a good chance tomorrow is the beginning of a correction
Trying to find stonks that support the thesis of the “Kiss the ground” Netflix doc... I feel like it’s decently compelling by comparison to reduction techs which are already skyrocketing on the Dem presidency
TSLA is trash in Skyrim. I sell potions for 1300000% profit
Tesla up big in Bosnia
Theta Gang makes money every day of the week including Saturday and Sunday 

👑🐌👑
that worked out so well for Alexander III of Russia
there’s always a dip at some point
Biden doesn’t give a fuck about trade. BABA will be at 600 EOY
So he just ghosted you after huh? Tuff luck bro.
Didn't realize that. When I saw on their list they were still willing to service Chimpmania and his comments on censorship I figured he hadn't denied anyone. Guess I'm wrong.
[deleted]
I yolo’d $100 on the Browns money line. I am pleased
I don’t think it would dip anymore
June 11th vibes for Jan 11th tbh.
God damn I want a pasty and a Short’s beer to wash it down with so bad right now.
What a loser
[deleted]
I was locked up for one day does that give me more cred than Akon? Holy shit
Gay the pray away?
Yeah. Wsb Instagram accounts are actually pretty fucking funny though because they just post memes
Puts on News Corp
Game stop needs to start selling PC parts, and having staff there to assemble a customers PC(for a fee)
Given futes have a limit down threshold of -7%

I would not say this is “it”
Calls or puts
Problem is like ur_mom he’ll have to get that money from somewhere. Ur_mom can hook on corners but Biden will probably up corporate taxes.
so we have until march 1st before these shares are on the market?
One minute left guys. Subscribe now or I’ll push back the discount!
HEY IVE GOT A MARBLE FOR A BRAIN OKAY
WSB is like 50% of my life 

I know it's sad lol
thanks, added to the calendar
[deleted]
It might really go up, look at [1772.HK](https://1772.HK) (lithium mining company in china) also up bigly today
Yeah it’s just 12 days, just let him finish his term. Instead of wasting time and money.
I love that Aunt Cathie increased her position bigly Friday. Should have bought more calls.
MARA down 33% tomorrow.  Puts gonna print 🤐
You retards need to calm down. Futures are down .44% and you’re acting like we’re about to have a circuit breaker.
APPL up 5% in North Korea stock exchange after the Hyundai news
Life is short work somewhere else
The show alone on Netflix is dope
I am a mod. I’m staying out of this but there is zero proof dude is a government agent and legit just seemed like he was trying to offer a perspective.
So in case you haven’t noticed the RH peeps are a bunch of thieves (waiting for my invitation to a number of class action suits).

With that said, go to your option place a new buy for $5 if the system tells you there isn’t anyone on the other side of the trade and if you are sure you want to proceed press upwards to proceed and confirm 4 out of 5 times you won’t be assigned and your existing options will reprice and show value.  

THEY ARE THIEVES! BUT WE ALREADY KNOW THIS.
If that was the case a better company than Hyundai would’ve signed with them. Not sure what AAPL can add to make it different.
I’m also interested
Bruh this shit got me 💀 😭😂
tuesday
I talked to my financial advisor in Bahrain, they said GREEN @ OPEN also... Bruins in Ruins. 🚀🚀🚀
Market is looking for reasons to sell a bit, we might see a pullback tomorrow and Tuesday on lame ass impeachment excuses then soar through the rest of week from Biden's stimulus plan. I'll be buying
Why not both? Some weekly sprinkled here and there.
This is so gay lmaooo
Looks like it did nearly the same in august of 2019.  150 to 80...
Seems like there might be a floor there I guess...
[deleted]
Tomorrow we see if MARA and RIOT are perfectly correlated to "digital assets"
Impeachment fucks mango over personally, it has no bearing on anything else
Here’s a free one: AAPL earnings 1/29
Warm up your rotator cuffs with 5lb dumbells
I can't believe I'm learning things on this sub. Thanks for posting 🙏💡
Stunning and brave
You sell naked calls. Of course you need enough cash to cover it if the stock jumps high enough.
Going all in on MSOS Dec calls tomorrow and deleting Robinhood
It’s LT. you can tell because the amount under short term is “—“

And just about 500k will be taxed at 15% (if OP is married)...you’re correct that the remainder will be taxed at 20%
BRRRRRRR
Lmao go fuck yourself man? Go look at my comments too????? It's not all NIO fuck you honestly
Can’t wait to see poor 🥭 supporters trying to short bit techs and TWTR tomorrow and lose all their life saving of $800
[deleted]
You get a free picture of nancy pelosi’s titties with every share of BFT that you purchase
35c 4/16 especially if we dip tomorrow. You'll be able to sell for huge profit by March and use that to buy even more 45c 1/2022.
This market doesn't give af about that chinese stock
[deleted]
If he violated his contract and they let him go that's fine.  If he's within the bounds of his contract then fuck em let him do his.
Thanks bro. Ya maybe it’s the weight. What are your fav shoulder workouts?
don't do kettlebell workouts unless you've been properly instructed in how to use them
Trust me when I say CLDR options are a money maker
Seriously I am holding puts and got so excited seeing everybody here all doom and gloom. Retards, we are not even back to where we were on Wednesday
And your toilet.
who the fuck are you
It’s AAPL you uncultured swine
Where do I get one of those applications?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Make money both ways is the way
And you as well. We all in it together everyone wants to eat ya know. Much love happy new year
[removed]
gold's way oversold here... given the climate, this thing should be at ATHs. Thx JPM!
valuations have been erratic for 5+ years
His paintings slap tho
Ban. Jk you didn’t miss shit. It’s the end of the world until it isn’t.
TSLA healthy pullback week before the March to $1k continues
Apply just trying to unlock meme strength with the EV shit
How do you understand this? Serious question. Not wsb sarcasm
[deleted]
[deleted]
Weird dude alert 🚨
Q1: With AI getting better, won't this make it a lot easier to PnD via a bot army?

Q2: does it pick up tickers alternatively spelled, i.e. g o e v or thick🐝?
Now that trump is gone, puts on FOX news???
Steelers puts prinnnnnnnntin rn
Mods afraid some people will start making money and won’t need reddit anymore
No daytrades still count over 25k. You just don't get penalized for making more then 4 in a week. Until you go back under.  You will be restricted for 90days. Unless you ho back over 25k.
Lost a good amount of money on ITM calls over 1.5m period. Fuck NVDA, but I’m ready to get hurt again
Yeah..
I just got hired for a summer position and I’m going to be working with 4 people 3 of whom I fucking despise. What should I do?
BABA ripping in HK
I guess, he did say he wanted to *"throw it away"* after all
[deleted]
Vertical jump right?
Damn was wanting to watch but might not anymore
Knucks bringing back beesters. I invested heavily in the late 90’s early 2000’s. I was entirely immune to the market tanking and kept high liquidity.
Hang in there. The people you need in your life aren’t always who you think they are.
Trend is downward. Just asking why? Since 🥭 doesn’t have Twitter anymore. 😂
And their mom.
I thought it went into HVAC repair? Good old manual labor...
Enjoying a ducer of Pacifico and a bag of flaming hot munchies. Puts on my stomach
I think you just enjoy losing money
Eh... 23 not so bad right? And it’s settling a bit.
He doesn’t have any but he’s still a douche
As long as they drive nios I don’t give a faaack
a hatchback tesla would be pretty dope.
lol sounds like you must have said something really dumb
There’s no legal definition of a platform. All Section 230 says is:

“No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider." 

You can still sue people for libel/defamation for sharing information through social media, but the site isn’t responsible.
Did you just say, “Bearish Crab Harmonic... Pattern”?...
Chamath is a much better salesperson and PR machine. Peter has the investment potential edge overall since he rubbed elbows with Elon while they started PayPal.
You know she doesn’t actually want to study with you right? I’d be saying calls on PlanB
Or has taste
Damn even just to grab a few if it works out nice if not whatever
Add 420 and divide by zero.
The cost basis is the same now or in 2022, it's the strike price times 100. The only benefit of exercising now is i achieve ltcg on the shares sooner. The downside is if tsla goes to zero i only lose 200k if I just have options but lose 700k if I exercised
An opinion piece is not a fact tho.
Easy, tiger. Market exposure has you a little cranky.
Sus account? 1 yr old, 2 random posts then nothing for half a year, then in the last 2 months a barrage of posts and comments exclusively about NIO and Chinese gdp growth.

Dear mods I'm not saying either of those is a bad thing, i'm just voicing my opinion about how this kind of sporadic account activity is weird to me, thx
Google is your friend. Special purpose acquisition corporation.
Reasonable and probably what will happen. God bless you with tendies
Question isn’t “will this print” it is “how can I make this print”. A pro could spoon feed you plays but if you fuck up the entry and exit it doesn’t matter.
Ban
if anyone can build a QUALITY  EV car is Apple. ANY car company would want to partner up with Apple no questions asked. If the Apple car news is true, I can see APPL going FUCKING NUTS like Tesla in a few months.
And Blackberry powers Canoo and is severely undervalued...,load the boat 

https://blogs.blackberry.com/en/2020/08/blackberry-to-power-autonomy-systems-in-canoo-next-generation-electric-vehicles
i don’t care what anyone says, Hitler was  a bad man !
I bet your right it seems like that Is the case every time
Thanks pretty sure I bought your calls
stonks pls fly again
It's bouncing already lol
If Biden is announcing a stimmy then maybe get ready for a drop before. Another chance to short the market and then buy calls and get rich as fuck. 

Or don’t
What’s your strike? My SPY 382c 1/11 still has faith.
Alex jones is what Joe Rogan will turn into  in 10 more years
German futures also down around -0.50, UK actually up a bit, but no doubt they'll dump at open.
The printers don’t turn on till 9:30 AM ET
Big facts LOL
01/11 $80 or you’re a bitch
Then I'll buy it if it reaches $1-$2 .. I doubt they'll split again, because then it might actually become a penny stock.
This month marks 3 years. Trying to get a new job haha.
Based
Oh shit. The last big purchase was in September, and I still have PTSD from that month
True! Doesn't mean people have to be ok with it. Power dynamics also come into play. Twitter is the David to Trump's Goliath, here. Same as Kaepernick to the NFL.
If market tanks tomorrow, the SRPT dip would be the juiciest of them all
Get in on TTD, bull run to 1000+.
 So disgusted that I better see this for myself.
Who you calling Virgin, ya Virgin
Could very well be. CCP shill was permabanned so his comrades came to raid us.
How you sell calls without shares?
i cant wait til mid march, and we can see crazy %s on the YTD charts
I’ve been lurking this sub for a year and I’m too afraid to ask what a SPAC is. The way I saw it used at first, I thought it was some racial slur that you (we) degenerated folks had normalized
Nah. BABA is fucked but AMZN is 🔥🔥
Yeah yahoo has like 69 million shares outstanding and 68 million are shorted. It's something like 240% of float. Imagine being the poor bastard shorting it here right before the squeeze
No one gaf about impeachment/25A.  Trump only has 12 days left.  People only care about Biden's multi-trillion spending plan he's going to reveal this week.
awww.... i miss my dogs
[deleted]
hahahah ikr. Cars can be fun, a couple buddies and I just bought a 2000 mercury cougar and turned it into a rally car (we race it in events). 


But when people spend 50-100k on a vehicle, it just hurts my brain. 


If I had 800k in savings, I think my upper limit for spending on a car would be about 25-30k.
god is it depressing being in your twenties right now... on lockdown and my financial future is fucked anyway..
you don't say
A 🌈🐻 feels smart, but a 🌈🐻 rarely makes money
Goodluck
Market rallied on Mango getting outed so no
Mother of dragons
Yeah... I guess I was meaning to look for insight on others opinions
So inflation is racist? I could get behind that....
I’ve got 60% of my portfolio in ARKK. I just want some solid, consistent gains. I’m going boomer style.
Price target this week? 👀
Was gonna sell my car for MT calls if Steelers won... guess I have to go to work tomorrow 😩
[deleted]
Dude the Red Women is really something else
I spy an A
I don't buy that excuse, legit was a coup attempt last week and market didn't give two shits
Too many people here ask questions like some fortune telling genie will help them out. ban
#Forex traders trying to sell a course be like:

I see a triple Gemini formation combined with Fibonacci’s mama’s boyfriend. If we adjust it to yesterday’s convertible mustang I bought, we can easily predict the movement and future price of US Soybeans on the Tilted Towers Exchange in Mozambique. Wanna know how? Suck my dick and buy this *99% off* course (only 1 minute remaining)

*Course price after discount: $1899*
HBO been throwing out gay man sex scenes so much for the 2% of ppl want to see it. Us 98% gotta be grossed out. 
Titties work bc men and women like them so yah no more butt sex on HBO please
I would actually sell GME and buy PLTR. It's backed by Cathie woods in ARK funds and you can recover most of your losses with demo day that is going to be huge!
Tesla $1000 calls
Not my point. It's about legal liability and the difference between being classified as a platform or a publisher.

I should have known this sub wouldn't understand.

My bad.
/\>looks at TSLA's p/e of 1,600

No, why?
Jesus christ, get a fucking room!! Nobody needs to see you circle jerking the mods.
It’s literally print time round 2 and bears be like :o
they shaking out the paper boys
Damn that shit is ugly as hell lol
Newsflash: there won’t be a dip
Ha! You mellowed the YOLO
Was it TIL? That sub is an angry mob
[removed]
Trevor Milton is looking for a job; that would be the ultimate character arc of any anime
Imagine thinking that the market is going to crash tomorrow.
Looks like it. Although why doesn’t the market care? He’ll be out in 10 days anyway.
TSLA $1000 this Friday
I feel like every time Tsla runs, so does Plug 🔥
Shit was manipulated up, I got burned on puts for a big loss in December 

I’m buying puts again on SNOW sometime in late Feb, but I’m okay with missing out on the inevitable drop because timing it seems impossible
think or swim
Hmm at first it was 'lightly red futures = bull's delight"

But now VIX is kinda getting real.

Hey chill out VIX it's not like there's a global pandemic still ongoing or something.
This
Back from a ban

Feels good man

Whats up with this woke bullshit
It doesn't matter if he's dead... Baba is in no way realiant on Jack Ma's alibaba intelligence
My broker has it as AdvisorShares Pure Cannabis ETF (YOLO) - this the one?
Did you really just use the word sinking for futures going green?
Those are coupons for our poor bankrupt Robinhood accounts
Oh weird! I wonder if there were trades that haven’t settled yet.
The government is just as believable as the others who claim they were abducted.
I'm of the seemingly contrarian opinion that all adults shared the blame in that. Both the predatory lenders but also those that can't read a mortgage agreement or bought several properties. Doubt those were 17 yr olds
lets go buy stop hunting on the bears tomorrow
Wait how do I get access
Edit: wait nvm I got it
Yes you have to maintain that 25k balance for over a week (or designated time) even after it's settled before you can take it out.
Had 10k shares back in Feb and flipped for a 5k gain 🤡
I should have hedged with SPY puts but I am a greedy fuck so I decided to just yolo hold my FSLY $90 weeklies even though I was like 40% profit

I might be fuk if they gap down like 8% as they are known to randomly do
You fucking virgins are talking about a crash when markets are down .4 %
Yeah the government backed rockets are actually gonna moon
All smoke and mirrors.  Not enough time to impeach before Biden inaugurated.  Non event imo.
Yes obviously I know about the Hyundai thing...what is the added news over the weekend
Baba calls tmrw?
No. The market wants trump out. Everything will be green tomorrow.
Jesus
based on what
 No you’re the first person to think this ever.
Yeah. Kettlebells are 100% fine. Just watch your posture when lifting.  Keep your lower body still and keep the shoulder relaxed. If you start extending your arm and joint you fuck it up. 

Also, shoulder joints are fucking awfully designed joints. Easy to fuck up. Low weight can actually get good results without fucking up the joint. Just drop 5lbs or more and up your reps and see if that helps at all. 

Go get swole my autistic brother.
Wait to analyze the day at 3:45 and then make a decision.
>It’s ... Its.  
>  
>My math must suck because I can’t make sense of it

that ain't all that sucks :)
Not a lot of details yet, but the idea sounds promising. 

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1348043839022370817?s=21
Planes gotta fly and bombs still gotta drop.
Nice hot V eurotrash.
If you're going to exercise anyway then why not do them ASAP? There's no benefit to waiting longer except for driving up your cost basis for the real shares.
Oh we're not gonna crash lol but it seems a small dip is likely which I'll be happy with. Then I'll take my profits and buy the dip lol
Stay out of the anus ffs
** Incessant Honking **
Ye I like nio too mate. I have extended family in the balkans and actually first heard of them when i was in warsaw and rented an electric scooter they made. There was about 6 different varieties on offer but the nio ones are the ones everyone wanted so when I first got into e stocks and heard about them again I bought in. I don't want shills but I don't think we should be pointing fingers at people who plug nio so long as it goes along with the guidelines. The electric batteries they use in those scooters are the best on offer by a country mile and I can certainly see them being a Chinese tesla in time.
Xi is Winnie the Pooh
Emelia Clarke
I spy a V
Nope. Gotta have 25k and it still counts day trades when it falls below 25k.
Gold green as it should be. Gtfo of here selling gold with a couple trillion being printed in next couple months.
Definitely maintenance and pilot error combination in bad weather
I hope. First time I held over the weekend, and the gods want to punish me for it
Now all the poor people can buy it too.
Just a bear getting excited
[deleted]
TSLA puts
Biden about to put $3T into the market and y’all are still 🌈🐻. LMAO. See the rest of y’all brilliant people on Mars!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I’m saying the bubble isn’t gonna pop on a small red day. We could probably have a -4% day and finish the week positive.
SERIOUS:. If Jack Ma turns up dead... for any reason... this market is fucked.
No
nobody tell him
GM weeklies will print with conference.
I'm just picturing an alien laughing as their forcefield absorbs and disentegeates the bullets.  But then covid kills him 2 weeks later anyway.
Damn. I hadn't thought about that.
If he put it on X.com yes
[removed]
Missandei easy
But it’s a way out. That’s the point
I'm getting dot com bubble vibes. Does anyone else think that valuations are kind of erratic nowadays?
Congrats! How many years out of school are you?
Market doesn’t care about impeachment
So why are futures sinking now?
Get reamed, serves u right for buying boomer stonks
Gonna try to get some sleep, hoping I can pick up some cheap Tesla calls tomororw with the dip. Goodnight best of luck
Not. Enough. Rockets. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Do bears shit in the woods? Of course they do because if Papa had a Fans Only all bears would be homeless and living in the woods
If NIO DD gets banned, that’s cos WSB insider mods don’t want the whole group to get in on the bag. Get in there
spac man, oooooooOHooooooo, fighter of the stonk man
[deleted]
i appreciate the acknowledgement.
You hurt the internet persons’ feelings fuckface
Play their hold music for an hour and distribute 50 foot receipts
DXY up means stonks go 📉
Simple math bruv
Ill be buying call spreads tomorrow
Trading strategy?
Lol so funny in here. You all know call holders would be typing in all CAPS motherfucking Baron Musk, Sir J. Pow, and the world if we were really down so much it didn't look like we could be green by morning. 

And put holders wouldn't be commenting they'd be jack n it to futures....that don't fucking matter. 

Go to sleep watching that shit isnt gonna let you exit your positions any faster.
Man it’s been on a run I kinda regret not selling Friday I’m up 10k I wanna post some tendies for your tards when I hit 20k
Pleasure to shitpost with the lot of you.

Theta always wins, gas the 🌈🐻, delist 🇨🇳.
Good point on them not being cheap (I meant in general, but good point on Tesla).  With this high of an IV one would be insane not to hedge them.
$UVXY 12C 2/12
Yo are you serious. Hyundai partnership came out last week and more details and confirmation came out this morning
And PBW and TAN 🥳
You can’t make money every single day, use dips as buying opportunities but don’t sell if you don’t have to
Could you provide the original source for this please?
Cringe. ES down .5% NQ down .35%
TSLA is a bubble stock that will be remembered in the same breath as pets.com.
something something higher high lower low something something.

&#x200B;

Looks like sept to me
Thanks. RH has worked well for me, but now we can’t buy MT so I want out. Any issues/delays applying for trading options on Webull?
Why buy shares when you can save some money getting leaps?
yeah problem is NIO actually is a legit company imo
Your future attempts to educate are already priced in
missandei easily
[removed]
Margot
Will the car require to log into iTunes to start?
That was my assumption too. Your "15%" figure is the *long-term* rate, and not even the highest long term cap. gains rate.
So we should nationalize facebook?
to Mars...
My spy calls don’t like this
I own a ton of february and may puts 300p and 250p respectively, I was the one who originally wrote the DD on $snow puts a few weeks back. Don't forget another 300M SHARES, not a typo, unlock in March. Stock trades over 175 p/s (tesla is 25), with only 500m in revenue where the CEO makes over $1B in yearly pay. It is a great company that is just grossly overvalued. The float and volume is still low that MMs can manipulate the price to get their clients out at higher prices and or screw over option holders. Stock is heading back to $200 in the next few months and even that price isn't justified. Just be patient and if we do see a market correction, this will get crushed.
Amen if I wanna call someone a fuckface I’ll call em a fuckface
How does this affect my jpm call spreads?
robbie fosho man
Red Woman
Twtr is poorly run but they’ll be fine in the short term. I suspect
[removed]
What scent are these candles?
crash tomorrow cuz of impeachment?
Isn’t it, “pray the gay away?”
[removed]
OTC stocks are technically listed as other stocks are a formal exchange, but you still might be able to buy them, and the whole buying process is similar to other stocks on exchanges. 

It all comes down to what your broker offers. If you can't find the OTC stocks in your online account try giving your broker a call. Some are able to put orders in for you.
What happened?
My account was at 25k so I was day trading. Then I pulled out 15k and got put on PDT restrictions. I didn’t daytrade while my account was below 25k though. 

Is this an error?
Missandei
Sunday futures have so little volume that candles don’t mean shit
No shit!? Well I feel less bad about myself. Still bad. But less.
The number 2 trending ticker in r/investing is IRA.

Buncha lame asses
Cock?
Market irrational to be buying up dollars IMO, I'm thinking this lasts until the next news cycle, and when you zoom out in a few weeks, this will look like august
Nah you’re good, I’m not convinced until it’s +7%

I hope it does
Can we still get 80c 1/15 or should i eat my foot and get 70c at open🤦🏽
God bless america o7
Maybe if 17-year olds weren’t getting approved for multiple mortgages 2008 wouldn’t have happened
He has banged your mother in the interim
That answers my question. This week was the local maximum for TSLA.
Gab perhaps?
Collateral exists to protect the lenders, not the borrowers (short sellers).
Do you not remember the immediate limit downs of last year, this is cake
Racist WSB freakout means NIO calls absolutely printing
1/11/2021 

The Day WSBs lost more than half its FD call holders
Thanks man. Gl to you with everything I really mean it
identify me, dig through my profile and come up with anything embarrassing possible--things that would look bad to an employer, spouse, etc etc etc, then blackmail me. Or try to spearfish me to gain access to my data/login credentials to my brokerage, possibly. Not outside of the realm of possibility.
If Papa Musk had a OnlyFans, would you sub?
Apple... great products 
Hyundai.. cheap products 

Will be interesting as they’re on completely different production cycles, start of production 2024 means we won’t see a car till late 2025 at best.
Is this the week Cathie buys 🅱️NGO? Eod Friday was some pretty good movement in anticipation for the conference.
if they don't print he can head to DC and try to talk to a manager i guess
God damn dude you are really stupid... when was the last time you made a new friend? No one likes you.
What’s the play at open boys? Have $1k to throw away
In the OP image the words "short term" showed up cut off on the side. That put "short term capital gains tax" in my head, I suppose. Maybe it's long term. 

But the LT bracket is 20% for the amount of money OP is talking about.
Are you fucking kidding me
can’t decide who’s hotter Margot Robbie or  Missandei from game of thrones
It did a split and RH made all my options fucky
If you lose money it was a pump. If you make money it was DD
Thanks man. I took it in Civil-Water. Didn't have much direct experience in it though so it was definitely tough
That's what you dumbasses get for holding over the weekend in the midst of the 2nd biggest stock bubble of all time. (according to Schiller PE)
Who makes withdrawals?  Let that shit ride!
Your comment doesent make sense? In your first sentence you’re saying VXX being up doesent matter it’s bullish and then you say the market is fucked??
Shut up fuckface
[deleted]
Over the half million mark. Apparently the first half mil is the hardest.
I knew I would be downvoted but I just had to tell my story, ya know?
It's cheaper than cocaine.
A volcano was one of the best investments I made for winters in Colorado.
Nasdaq futures back to .38% on cnbc looks like they recovering
Looks you need to research, most of it is in South America. China primarily imports lithium
Hang Seng up half a percent
It's actually so hilarious that the CEO makes more than the revenue of the entire company ahaha. IIRC it's all stock/options though so it's really just paid for by dilution.

I have no idea why dumb boomers value this company so highly. They are going to get burned so hard and then fuck outta tech stonks until they die and get replaced by someone else.
This just in, Tesla announces 1:25 split.
watchu mean dawg
Wherever WSB goes I go

A WHOLE NEW WOOOOOORRRRRLLLLLDDDD
It’s not exactly the same, I agree.  But they did live under a single party government.  And a lot of what you had with communism was worry about saying something unflattering towards the government in front of anyone.  You never knew who was a “spy”. We’re not there, but being shamed for having an opposing view is possibly a first step.

That said, I don’t condone rioting on the Capitol.
No
‘Cause it’s Tesla

Are you new here?
Green by open
[removed]
The only way to lift the curse is to let a 🌈🐻 fuck you in the shower
Kettlebells are ok tho. Not doing gay CrossFit stuff with them
I am so ready
> $DXY

I don't get it, it's been around 90ish -> 89 -> 90ish back n forth the past couple days?
To set up justification for themselves tomorrow for why they're not on the moon
Car people are such insufferable cunts. "Everybody has hobbies!" not ones that cause irreperable damage to lifelong financial health lol.
Source?
she really came out of the woodwork and lit up that superbowl, calls on shakira
I see, that actually has been pretty much what I’ve been doing. $2.5k of my portfolio is in steel, weed, and ICLN leaps and I just yolod a $100 apple weekly since it wouldnt matter much.
What car news?
I laughed wayyy too hard after realizing what I was watching 😂😂😂

Butters!
Well the debit put spread is a safe bet, in case if it’s not going down as u said, the loss is less when compared to puts ... but probability of touching $750 is high...
So no announcement for PSTH?
[deleted]
What could they do with this information?
as prior intelligence i applaud u for giving people in here a warning.

communism and facism is **evil** dont let them fool you by putting **unicorn frosting on shit.**

stay viligant! mericaaa
Holla, if ya hear me!!!
[deleted]
You dont have to.
Is NIO the buy tomorrow?
Stop stop STOP 

I can only get so erect
I think I just watched it over and over and over again?
AI day similar to Battery day? Good times, good times
Thoughts on TLRY?
Oh my bad
Might be. I think there'll be an emotional selloff. But with how exuberant everything else is I wouldn't buy the dip too hard
absolutely lol. at this point they're just fucking around seeing how high it can possibly go
But the first amendment doesn’t guarantee your right to “speak truth to power” without criticism from a private business, just the government right? So why does it matter?
No.
Ever? Bold claim.
Jack ma is probably dead, and the CCP is ruining our gains.
LOL you really think if intelligence agencies had definitive confirmation for UFOs they would just come out and tell Congress. That info would never see the light of day, how fuckin retarded would you have to be to think they're gonna be honest about this in any way.
Take another shower.
soon... I haven’t rejected her yet
Does anyone else think this is a terrible move by Tesla? Are they trying to tarnish their premium brand before hitting a mature stage in the company? Also they would likely be hurting their top-line revenues more in the long run.
These doom and gloom posts won’t age well by tmrw
Nope, ur right. CEO gets more comp than the company's entire revenue. 345,000,000 shares unlocked in March. SNOW is cancer in the medium term.
Hey buddy make no mistake I have been printing money like everyone else. But realistically this thing is gonna die and probably bring the whole stock market down with it. Fundamentally Tesla is a shitty car company.
[removed]
Oh yeah my calls will print. You can go ahead a sell that put Monday
Good enough for an MVP and a $4mill valuation. Round A funding coming soon.
At the very second the world is out of resources to keep funding Tesla and everyone lives in squalor, jonesing for one more share, Starman will ride back into orbit with a couple of mineral-rich asteroids for one more solid rally.
Shares and ride this baby to the moon 🚀
Don’t do shitty ass cross fit kettlebell workouts. Do old school lifts and focus on form. 

I’ve seen so many cross fit dudes wreck joints just trying to throw weight around.
Brother, I will ride with you to Valhalla
Anyone else holding SPXS? My options haven’t updated yet and still have 0 value. Will that fix Monday?
Just would assume they will have a hard time making money with interest rates so low for the foreseeable future.

But I’ve been wanting to get in because they are just about the only lagging sector at the moment.
Fütes acting up again. Or is it finally the reckoning?
Yo 2 years bro that’s longer than I’ve gone since I was like 16
[deleted]
Ah shit. Top is in
Amazon wasn’t profitable for years. Also they got millions upon millions of tax breaks.
this [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
Why are other subs so sensitive? I just got a 30 day ban for calling someone a fuckface
[deleted]
Yes
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/DKN3 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Burry was just lucky back in the days. Don’t overestimate him. He recently bet on tailored brands and it bankrupted
[deleted]
If market crashes, does NIO?
[removed]
ICLNers gonna CLN up 🧑🏻‍🦯🧑🏻‍🦯🧑🏻‍🦯
Here is a free one. 

CLDR options have low IV and it just broke out Friday. Buy as much you can
Also there so many “wallstreetbets” tiktok accounts just spamming the same three companies and penny stocks. It’s so fucking stupid.
sell me this pen.
mispelled BFT
Can you explain to a retard what OTC is and how one would get direct access?
 I don't know what counters have to do with anything...
Shit was that June? I thought it happened in feb
I wish it would hit like $10
Expect resistance at 10.74 because that's where I'm  at...
Considering you also have made only one post with not even a year old account, can I call you someone's shill?
you think it's a buy the dip situation?  probably operator error or we don't know enough yet?
Guh
Imagine jizzing your bear panties over 50 bps
Sure, easily fuck you up after you tired your chest, triceps  and core you dumb ass 🤣
dress warm, it feels good on the lungs
It's simple. The CEO simply takes 100% of the revenue.
Lmao
u know how the browns have no head coach on the sidelines tonight? yeah, i know a few steelers fans wishing it were their team
Also out of everything that you could short tesla is one company that you shouldn't short, dips happen with all companies but tesla dips get bought
Definitely. Stimulus hopes will boost the entire market as soon as Biden says something.
China putting BABA on its back rn
[deleted]
Did you know biotech companies live and die by trial results? That's likely why it dropped $80.
Is there any link to the announcement of this. I can’t find it
Not quite yet with that golden cross. I would wait one more day on confirmation and to see if a evening star forms. Risky buying in now.
ICLN

Shares or LEAPS

That is all.
You mean VIX?
Lol looks like the hedges might print
V Shape Bear Slaughtering Machine
😂 Serves you right, jerk off!
Probably but well see soon enough. I wouldnt be surprised if theres a massive dump of TWTR tomorrow.
I’ll tell ya man...locking in small profits feels shitty when you see a position fly after you locked in, but hat feels even worse is knowing you could have locked in Something and then get absolutely destroyed. There are always new opportunities to make money by the market, but there are even more opportunities to lose money by you. Trust your gut, lock in your gains and keep rolling. You got this
trailer park boys was a good show
don’t tell them
Its legitimately a rumor.  Buy it and sell the news.
I get it, but they want to be free from liability (platform), but control speech (publisher). Platforms can't be sued (liability), but publishers can be sued by the content they allow.

They want the cake, and eat it too.
[deleted]
You hate money
Kinoa
You just wait for it to get higher and higher and then delete the app
It's all game theory, and the west is getting shafted.
gimme some mo
Early June type of flash crash incoming
Blood Monday
The owner said he will never take the franchise public and has to go down through the family with the same promise to never take it public
I’m loading up on that shit tomorrow
That's called thot karma. Gotta apologize to the bro-code gods.
[deleted]
[deleted]
trying to light a blunt in a 40 degree slight breeze . bring summer back omg
Yes the company that makes half a million cars per year will reach a 1T valuation
Yea but I’m bad at this
This will be just like LIT currently holding a remaining 39x deep in the money. Mad I didn’t do more, but I’m in MSOS 60c for March 🚀🚀
I dont think the market was overestimated. I think they underestimated the gray market. Its so easy to grow cannabis where i live. No one pays for weed you just give it away. Even edibles are hilariously overpriced, I recently bought 100 gummies 30-35mg each for 100$. At bc cannabis thats $4200.
Uh no
Like a Tramp Stamp so everyone knows who fucked you the hardest?
Thanks candle guy tell us more
NIO gang assemble!  I’m putting my contacts in tomorrow.  Because we are going shmurder it.
[deleted]
TSLA to the moon and beyond!!! 🚀🚀🚀
I’m holding an 19% otm put on tsla over the weekend. Am I in tendie town yet?
Should probs kill yourself for being a bitch
Anyone else getting shoulder pain from kettlebells?
Hey, we’re happy they’re there. Never forget those two years when they only won 1 game.
NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
All I need is for him to say green energy once throughout the entire speech
Get on the phone with jpow
Wait for it to stabilize. It's not going anywhere.
Man is this guy retarded
Plz explain your DD good sir
Grindr
23.5
Its the complete opposite. Everyone on here has been touting about how TSLA is gonna continue mooning on Monday. Majority of people loaded up with calls before Friday close.

And now there's a lot of people here with positions in it, posting trying to keep the TSLA hype alive
with options.
[deleted]
TSLA up 100 vbucks in the tilted towers stock exchange
Really? I sold the last of my longs on Thu after a nice 2020, and now 90% cash 10% puts on stocks that I think suck.
[deleted]
So do withdrawals on RH show as negative in your all time timeline?
That should be new car money too that’s my point
RIP in peace

We’ll always have Brooklyn Zoo 😢
My dog is snoring. Bullish
Why is Tesla going to go up?
[deleted]
Lmao I felt that way this week since Im up, I should of known something was up...I’m a retard! hoping my 1/15 contract stay ITM
It could imo
I love Nio... and I've never even heard of China!
Latina Latina Latina
Yeah “got” covid and went to Greece to avoid whatever may or may not have been happening in the US
[deleted]
Lower standards
[removed]
Bad juju fkin a friend’s ex mayne, appease the witch drs 🤷‍♂️
Gg, I see you got  first class for the trip to Mars
Don’t come to the market bulls
Still not too late for you rainbow bears to join the right side of history. Become a bull or get wrecked. You have until market open to change your allegiance.
VXX was up 20% last week and whatever trump does aside from calling his minions to arms will be negated in 2 weeks.  The market is still fucked as ever.
These are very bearish lookin futures. The candles don’t look great
*battery day flashbacks intensify*
So happy I exited social media. Shit like that.
I'm not in NIO but they're probably gonna be fine. People only expect that because of Battery Day. The difference is NIO day actually had news, Battery Day was a hyped up nothingburger.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah is this really WSB right now?  "Depreciating asset" who gives a fuck lmao.  The whole point of the sub is to get money and enjoy it not stash it away until you're 75 in a wheelchair.
Fuck her ex
My body is ready for Apple to reach 140 by the week's end.
Quadruple circuit breaker day tmr or what?
[removed]
Kaepernick was speaking truth to power. Trump is trying to rile his supporters up to overthrow a democratic process with force.
If SPY open red I gonna load up 380C
when i get my sex change i got u bro 💯
The Musk rises to the top.
eh buy that dip if it comes
TSLA 🌈🐻 down vote this
Might actually be more shorts than shares
Please don’t question the narrative citizen.
TESLA shouldnt be making cheap cars..... it devalues their brand
Get an escort
[deleted]
Here, have some retarted soup
[deleted]
You can watch but you can’t do anything
June calls
Ahh sorry friends Hope your broker has some good news for you.
Go for 2 more
[deleted]
Don’t forget 68 billion is App Store sales
Tesla AI day... Elon helping us 🚀 again tomorrow!
I’m lonely and now I think I have the big sad what should I do?
China numba 1
exactly... now it isn't.
Hes got so many more autists going against him this time, not to mention elon
After today, selling RIOT.
Thanks. I’ll be ok
Bet
ThTs very very low imo but i could see it. If it gets that low fdx is just a fucking shit stock
Dont kink shame. Ride the lightning
Is I learned anything over the years it's that stupid sells. Anything I thought was too stupid to throw money at eventually became huge.
I'll tell you when tsla crashes... Next time you see the fed's balance sheet shrink more than 10B in a month or they raise rates 50bps.
June 2021 15c gonna print??
Puts on twitter?
Irrational Exuberance. Will pull back before the next run higher
Imagine being a tsla bear.  What a dreadful life
👀👀👀
Goin to sleep to fast forward to market open. Have a good night lads, let’s have the best week yet
his user name, tho...j\_pow\_ate\_my\_ass ....nice touch
Pretty sure this is just a Sunday ritual. Someone should track the success rate of the Sunday sentiment as a prediction for Monday’s action.
Lmao damn. Guess that means inverse WSB mods and invest heavily
[deleted]
Tom Hanks is always the bottom. Remember Philadelphia?
The original commenter is the true retard. This was in TNA and not family watching. The Attitude era was peak wrestling and was nothing close to family entertainment. Watched that shit in private like it was porn.
🌈🐻
Bro you realize this is Wendy’s?
is there any point of fomo-ing into tesla if i can only snag like six shares
I’ll rejoin soon, after I sell off my nio shares
Ghetto spread to lock in profits
Bruh earnings will be close 0 or in the positive.
Chart is outdated. Tesla now at 832 billion enterprise value.

https://ycharts.com/companies/TSLA/enterprise_value

So what you mean to say is that other car companies have a higher enterprise value than their market cap. For Tesla it basically makes no difference between market cap and enterprise value.

So tesla is worth about the same as the next 3 car companies combined. Still makes no fucking sense.
NIO calls at open? Free money? Yis
He made enough people millionaires this past year already, his job is done
Guys the heart wants what the heart wants
[Always has been](https://i.ibb.co/v4KmRw9/ff15e6a0f483.png)

^^^this ^^^has ^^^been ^^^an ^^^accessibility ^^^service ^^^from ^^^your ^^^friendly ^^^neighborhood ^^^bot
Just added to my Nasdaq hedge.
I got access as well
I love the confidence that we crashing
My last diamond hand was FB 300c ex1/15 that I got in September, was up 50% twice before all the bullshit. Lost a cool 15k so I’m pretty shaken from diamond hands. Still very bullish on FB though. I think the coming Er will be a big bump
[deleted]
I don't know a whole lot about Sundial, but I believe they only sell in Canada and isn't where I personally feel the opportunity is going to be. Even if they are debt-free now, should they want to expand to other markets I think they will have a tough time. I think they would need to hope to compete on the fact that craft cannabis deserves a better price point...? I feel like the Canadian trends are going toward more "value-oriented" (read: budget) weed. 

I could be wrong though so feel free to educate me!
Keep seeing these, ill buy the dip. Good luck 🌈🐻
Yep. Back 160 soon
always has been
Have a share order for Tesla to go thru tomorrow morning, do I cancel?
I like to use a portfolio risk strategy, where the more of your portfolio at risk the less you should be comfortable walking away from.

Say I spend 10% of my portfolio in GME.  If GME went bankrupt tomorrow, I still have 90% of my portfolio left.  What this means is that based on your risk aversion, you can decide how risky you want to be.  With my (admittedly small) portfolio and lower overall Risk of Ruin, I would try and maximize my gains with GME because the downside risk isn't substantial (again this depends on a lot for you to decide yourself, but I'd go with it.)

Say you put 50% of your account in GME on a 70k portfolio.  Well, your risk of ruin has gone up and you actually have a lot of real money to lose.  The amount you should be comfortable leaving with should be closer to your buy in price.  GME goes up 10%?  Maybe it's worth selling then and there due to the risk of your position.  Maybe you don't sell, but you should definitely be setting your stop losses and try to ensure a steep downward trend doesn't ruin you.

I'm not saying that this is what everyone should do, it's been my strategy and it's been working for me and my goals.

TLDR the bigger percentage of my portfolio is in a position the happier I am to get away with marginal gains.
Bottle looks feminine...
[deleted]
[deleted]
WSB has been on this since before Tesla's battery day. There was expectation they might announce a partnership then. Didn't happen, but LAC still took off.
If you have been buying weekly calls you basically would have been given a free tesla
Can't Boeing have a year start off without a crash? Can't wait to get reamed on open tomorrow
Since when loser
He has, plus two cyber trucks and ur_mom for the night!
[deleted]
Wow, I felt pain from this
Alexa play lonely by Akon
Money to be made previous months but it’s been Jekyl and Hyde lately
BTFD OR GET BTFO'D
shorting twitter
And one more buy NVDA $580 calls ending in March, depending on ur risk tolerance u can even open a call debit spread
Why is everyone saying Tesla is gonna dip?
[deleted]
> This means something and I must know what

Super strange but legit.
Chew big red or get out of my face motherfucker
[deleted]
Yes except it's Elon's mouth and my ass
SRPT don’t say I didn’t warn you 🙅‍♂️🚀
none of those are like 50k
Free to speak as long as you aren’t mega phoning lies and inciting violence for millions of dummies to believe. Oh, and it’s also a private company and you’re using their service.
[deleted]
Vale baby
[deleted]
You can sing that to afternoon delight as well
Thank you for the explanation sir! Please post stuff, u seem smart :)
you should try buying them
That valuation is insane. They 5xed it and then said “we’ll skip the IPO and go direct listing”
No joke. I used to work with a bunch of ppl in Shanghai and would travel there fairly often. Their attitude was basically "your democracy thing seems kinda cool but tbh as long as the party keeps raising the standard of living I don't really care. Also lol at Trump, so much for picking your leaders!"
[deleted]
Idk how people do this. 

I’d have to re-up my Xanax prescription
losers of the internet ,you make my day.why would ccp   **infiltrated**  your bunch of idiots ?     you guys think you are something important?   lol
RIP
Elliot Page is hot
Also, anyone who’s not mega retarded knows that the Chinese government can and will make Vader-like deal alterations to stocks and ADRs at will.
Just tryna save yall tendies.
Smoking a blunt in 38 degree weather 🥶
How many times do we have to teach you a lesson old man??!

Never bet against papa musk
If the media can “censor” the government, we are the opposite of China you idiot.  

Also, his lawyer suggested murdering Pence... not even an opponent, but someone who was by his side the whole time.  Not exactly cool.
Mine will fuck them with me. Bi women this is the way.
God if it does I'm gonna need a new computer cuz I'm gonna nut all over it lol
some dude in another sub of a certain persuasion was straight up like buying puts on on fb, twitter, amazon thinking it will drop bc of the parler shit and people are like ya good idea mon, do them short dated though just in case!

should we tell him...
Because they only have that power because you use them
just spoke to my buddy who trades stocks. he said red tomorrow.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Are you aware of the subreddit you are commenting in?
Lol net pulled the plug on 8chan a couple years back
It is not, it is called prologium technology.  And NIO has a stake in it, so basically NIO owns the technology
There is a huge chance that puts will make bank monday. Look at the after hours bear flag. Sorry WSB, love you guys but TSLA will sink this week.
Look at JCParets twitter from all star charts. The xlf just broke out of an 11 year base relative to the spy. Xlf best spy prior to financial crisis, for 11 year xlf lagged spy. Xlf just broke out over the last month in a big way and has a ton of ground to make up. I’m long wfc and I fucked up so badly I had GS 280$ calls for March and thought on New Years the market would crash so I sold them like a ducking fuck boy. But I’m balls deep in wells now
always have been
I’m 21 and none of my buddies believe me, it’s a shame because I know there next car is prob gonna be a tesla. I’ve driven Tesla’s before and I don’t think there are all that great of cars, and that’s coming from someone who drives a barebones Jeep Wrangler lmao
Do you really expect more gain this week? I’m sort of cautious as to how high it’s gone already
Everyone is anticipating red for TSLA tmr which means TSLA 900 EOD. You gotta understand that TSLA is the stock that defies everything about the stock market. You better get in at open or cry when TSLA bulls are flexing their gains
[removed]
Exactly. Scott Steiner has a degree in Advanced Theoretical Statistics. It adds up. Big Poppa Pump 🚀🚀🚀
[Oh boy are you in for a treat.](https://youtu.be/1wYoWdprfD0)
elon should give every shareholder a free tesla
Believe it or not, this is what WSB used to be. Then it got popular. 

I don’t recognize this sub anymore.
He's betting against America again
Tesla aint dropping
Slide into the $DM tomorrow. They just hit a golden cross on Friday
accident lol.
Wha?...

Did you have a stroke?
You know the entire car market globally is 20M lol
shut up nerd
11% in Wakanda Exchange
Ass-To-Mouth?  fuck... how much did you *lose?*
Oooh like the Patriot Act protects against terrorism?
I own 2 purple pillows, a mattress, the sheets, and use the seat cushion everyday and I still noped out of that one. So confusing.
I haven't held anything for more than a few days since before the election. In fact, it's been mostly daytrading for me. It's been easy with this bubble, but I think it might be time to change plans.
$ROPE
But I like watching the monkeys fling poo.
🍉🍉🍉
Fine...Li to the moon too! 🚀
We are taking a break to catch our breath 🤿 We are going to dive deeper, when you are ready
It just rallied, what else do you want? By the rumors sell the news. I’ll be happy if it stays above $50 now.
already had and will have more
Then they are a publisher and subject to legal ramifications...

I don't know if most people understand the HUGE difference.
Cum on a girls chest is just cum on a guys chest with a tinier dick bc the clit is just a mini cock
CCP not.
Twitter is just an Internet forum. Internet forums have rules, which they can set themselves. That the president of the United States chooses it to be his main outlet of communication is ridiculous in the first place, and now it shows. 

Nothing to do with freedom of speech. Everybody can still say what you want. Just not on certain Internet forums..
The word
Markets gonna crash this year, I’m thinking ber market will start in Q2, till then tho SPX 4000 probably will be the top
It's in beta. Only for some random users.
Yeah
2025?

I’m thinking 2022
Agreed.  The Biden/Yellen/Powell combo will finish it off for good.
elaine from seinfeld is hot
Why not 2024 or 2026 or 2023 or 2022
That’s when it starts to get good
[deleted]
What kind of retarded music will be playing on deck as WSB's lists to the left and takes on water?
realistically it can go to around 700-750 if u think its gonna drop
First week of college and This girl in my class DM me saying “ if we can help each other out in this class.” Calls on canvas
Robinhood app is finally offering me access to 0dte options, but I keep having to click "dismiss" because I'm PDT until mid-February...
Open a put spread on TSLA $750-720 02/19 for $8 profit is $3k if it falls below or else u can close the spread whenever u r in profits
Add Bollinger bands and Keltner Channels to your chart. Buy straddles when the Bollinger bands cross inside the Keltner Channels.
What comes up must come down, you say?
Congrats brother! My little girl is 19 months.
Easy, communicate the same way you use to before they existed. You sound entitled. At the end of the day they are a BUSINESS  and a BUSINESS can decide who they offer their SERVICES  to.
Truly a sad day
I only use reddit for WSB. I also have a Snapchat just to communicate to people.
Print
Watch $DXY, idiots.
When will BB have its day
[removed]
have a friend that works in shanghai, he said the wait times for Teslas are around 6 months, the wait time for NIO and XPEV are around 1 year. They can't deliver the cars as fast as Tesla.
yeah he got perma banned LOL. ppl were reeeeing in mods dms
Everyone’s

Retarded
As a Clevelander, I can definitely say we are not comfortable yet lol
>!There is no top!<
Calls on big chungus!!!
no one can ever reject you if you reject everyone first 

*taps head*
Out of day trades... Will be watching gains on WSB autists’ TSLA 1/15 calls disappear. 

Might put on an OTM debit put spread to catch tesla’s Tuesday gap down.
He left Twitter due to Trump and others being banned. Guess he believes in free speech.
you robinhooders are in for a surprise tomorrow with MT
[here you go](Https://youtu.be/8C4lK41SX-Q), ironically it’s exactly what $TSLA holders sound like pumping the stock.
🌈🐻 out in full force for the futures, as is tradition
Keep this on the downlow, but my sources at the docks tell me tonight they just received a shipment of high octane patriotism, straight from our factories in China. Green week.
Thank you I’m glad someone agrees. On paper they seem better but the power is still coming form fossil fuels + the battery’s are only good for 600ish charges, not that much if you commute for a 9-5
What's DD?
So if the nfl would’ve said Kap violated their code of conduct policy by kneeling everyone would’ve been cool with it?
Watched industry on HBO until one guy cums on another guys chest I’m done
T...they give themself that power. We’re a capitalist country...so businesses can make their own decisions?  You can host and discuss whatever topics you want, you won’t be imprisoned lol.  Trump and Parler were banned for inciting violence. Your free speech can’t cause harm to someone else because that infringes THEIR rights. Whole “can’t yell fire in a crowded theater” thing.
China will never get my freedom faces
My god I am so happy, mods never excite me like this on Reddit
Bet
[deleted]
.....ok man
Cognito ergo sum
It’s optics though, 5 people dead and a cop as well. Big tech def responsible for lots of stoking of the fire but needed a concrete person or tho my to blame and they fit the bill pretty well
Round 2, FIGHT📈📉📈
Amazing how easy it is and how many miss the mark
So you mean I gotta buy shares?
Crisis actor
China good, NIO good. Jack Ma good.
Same....  If I strike it rich with UVXY, I swear I'll mostly play things safe by holding stock and selling covered calls......  Playing with options is too damn stressful and dangerous.
Calls on Boreal Valley Holdings and hedging with titanite
Tencent is up 4%. Looks good to me
These green bars keep teasing, but can’t seem to hold any water.
NIO is a great company tho lmao. Idk why y'all bitching
Bulls need to stop crying. I don’t like my 🥩 too salty 😂
Market: Has a correction

WSB: Is this the Great Depression??
This is the party. Enjoy it as much as you can for soon the bill will come due.

Severe recession in 2025.
Long $TSLA..I saw a model 3 parked in a driveway in the white trash part of town...musk is a genius when even good ol boys are ditching their beat up trucks for model 3s
This is the top-tier autism I came for.
Apple earnings run up, ecar news, 5g, iPhone 12 selling like hot cakes, super cycle.
N I O
I hope, I got weekly calls
Please do it. I think I already know what it is

No kidding
Same. Retards scared of china stonks but the volatility is great
If NIO doesn't rally, I'll be one sad panda.
What are some good ones?
Is this apart of your apology or something?
[deleted]
Accurate
It looks like almost all of the GME shares are shorted, are you all holding for a short squeeze or why is it so popular?
People

A Order

R Our

L Patties

E

R
1990 geo metro. Gotta pay for stonks somehow
[deleted]
It should dip this week, Along with IV. But I’m not sure how low it goes, I’m buying if it goes below $16 cuz Cohen bought at $16, but who knows it could go lower
Simpsons and South Park is all you need to raise a culturally informed child.
So they are a publisher?

Different from a platform.
The snap where put values vanish and calls 🚀?

I agree
[removed]
[deleted]
TAANG
Imagine thinking the Browns are going to win a playoff game 😂😂😂
[https://www.tradingview.com/chart/UVXY/jeyP4EO7-UVXY-Duplicate-Chart-Pattern-From-March-Crash/](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/UVXY/jeyP4EO7-UVXY-Duplicate-Chart-Pattern-From-March-Crash/)

anyone worried about the buying volume on UVXY? Biggest buying volume since March.

Can this shit jump to 25-30 on a big spike?
Look retards, red at night, bulls delight.
Eat my dongus
[removed]
I agree, this is just the beginning imo, gl
Imagine thinking
ICLN
I’ve got 1300 shares of RKT, probably will buy some more if it dips tomorrow
"Her name is Sheila!"
What?  Spy is at 68 it looks like. Very legal very cool
What’d that autist do now?
It’s fucking horrible. I liked 1 or 2 actually funny vaguely stock related videos and now my feed in inundated with these absolute morons spewing literal sewage out of their mouths
Yes
I'm not really active so don't forget me
Not op but what strike and expiry should I buy?
"I bought a suit today that costed me a lot of money today! Wu Tang is for the children!"
Your TA bot is saying $QS going up this week?
Without a doubt
Is a $59 1/15 NIO call a good play for tomorrow with all the news?
thanks for being my DD lmao
[deleted]
I am not Chinese and I agwee. Gyna #1!
[removed]
Would love more of an explanation of why they are a power house. I think the have some good international prospects and I like the interest from pharma (Novartis) and alcohol (Anheuser-Busch) -- if those partners commit to investing I'd become very interested. 

If i'm not mistaken they had about ~$50 million in revenue in Q3 2020 which was flat from the same quarter last year. Flat in this growth industry?! 

+ all the background with outsized executive compensation and possibly some artificial low float shenanigans with privateer holdings -- I don't trust these guys. 

APHA/TLRY haven't articulated a US strategy that I understand yet
It would be bad press for Reddit when Cramer mentions that China got it banned for justifiably calling out propaganda.
yea
I don't see how a AAPL July, 2022 deep ITM LEAP could do anything but print
Hah what’s that suppose to mean?
guh how I wish Cathie Wood was my step sister
PLTR
Yes its up 600%+ since last April. How did anyone expect to make any money. Probably absolutely no one did.
Don’t really gaf is the market is red, just need my stonks green 🥴
Say the word and I’ll drop the cringiest stock vid you’ve ever seen

Edit: here you go whether you wanted it or not 

https://www.instagram.com/reel/CJoyiK6H5tO/?igshid=1akdpgfbij652
Ugh same
AAPL 169 EOW
I’ve done 300 push ups so far today, I am openly welcoming bears to fight me
When I found out that the capitol got stormed, that when I knew to YOLO all the money I had. It paid off well.
Why clown?
Samurai ChaMoon!
Anyone else feel like a big fucking super-bounce coming at around $230 for FDX ???
i need tickers
Sorry James
Love it, gonna go balls deep. TSLA ICLN GME PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀
probably nothing
Kaï Nah
if it dips im thinking about dropping 10-20k on shares or leaps
3 words. 

BEARS R FUK.
So bidu is gapping up tmrw.. right guys? Right???????
Technical analysis bot, but I'm not putting money on it because over the last 7 days it did go down at least 23%. Its likely we could see that this week as well. I can keep you updated on it when market opens.
Yeah, u live in PA? 😂
mods are retarded in the best kind of way <3
Halp me make money, hands. Im trying to buy my first house soon.
Your in-laws sound like they don’t know what the difference between a government limiting your free speech vs Twitter

Trump can give a press conference at any hour broadcasted everywhere
Red open and 10am moonshots
PLTR by a LONG MARGIN. SNOW is grossly overvalued, p/s of 175 with only a bit over 600m in revenue and a 300m share unlock coming in March. Short SNOW and buy more PLTR.
It’s poetic
$66B vs 1.4T

https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/kts8ar/oc_tesla_is_not_bigger_than_the_next_10_biggest/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
[removed]
URNM and LIT have been printing
americans are not smart enough to fool non americans with their propaganda
Tesla, Apple, APPLE, TESLA
do you not understand that the tech companies choosing not to host that content is itself free speech
Don’t cheat on your wife.

If you do, then don’t.

Words of wisdom.
Did they delete the post?
Remember when Tom Hanks got COVID? That was the bottom
Literally Qanon logic.
Just one 2% down day and most of this sub is wiped
I would actually buy that.
Who gives a fuck about kids lol
C'mon CRSR gang, we need all our might to ride to valhalla 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Spoiler alert: nothing will be revealed 

Then they’ll say, “see? There’s nothing going on. Move along.”
[deleted]
Yes they have sucked but they have a wide reach in China, if they do step it up and make quality products they will be HUGE.
[deleted]
No. I really couldn’t imagine being that gay lol
Don't want them shut down at all!
Happens every weekend.  They’ll be back in hibernation jerking off to March screenshots (that they didn’t profit off of) when the markets green by open
Gapping down through the stops???
NET is the main company I buy calls and shares in.

In the past, Prince has been known to be a huge advocate of not denying service to anyone basically no matter what.

I wonder if that will play a big role given the current climate and what's going on with Parler. Honestly can't figure out if the effect would be positive or negative.
where did you get this? link pleasse. i can't find this

&#x200B;

LAst time BOA did target it was jan 3rd for 59 from 57$.

&#x200B;

link please
Holy fuck, stock ticktok is cancer.
Everyone should buy BABA puts to fuck with them
Bruh that is used car money.
Bears will rejoice in feb again  but only bc Michael talking and we all died last year and are in a forever loop
Dude, that PLUG one hurts man.
Everyone talking all doom and gloom watch tomorrow green as a st party’s day parade on a Saturday
Lol
What is CVS going to do this week with the conference
They have been many times.  And yet they fall short of where they could be.  They are always in a cycle of almost getting somewhere.  Communism, cycle of govt continually restricting till it falls apart.  They wont get it right this time.
I'd upvote this but it's at 69 right now
Idk the last time I saw ES trading further negative than NQ
1120C 01/29 for real bro?
Red futes at night, traders delight.
Green as fuck opening tomorrow fuck em all.
Interactive bonkers
[deleted]
Even more hilarious how he got nuked lol
Tim 🍏 vs 🥭 man all week
maybe $10

no reason for GME to trade book atm
Virtue signaling cucks
A NIO hearse seen to be carrying jack Ma’s coffin spotted in Beijing !!!!!! Breaking news 📰 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🌝
CES gonna be weird this year with no in-person attendance
Markets don’t care about your feelings they go up and we all get rich unless you are a 🌈🐻
We must be on different twitters. Almost all the tweets I saw from larger accounts and replies on news tweets about it were applauding Twitter or criticizing for not booting him sooner.
3rd
Fake news. Gay bears are born dickless.
Elon is really building a space mining company, right?
BUY THE DIP OR GET WRECKED
God I can’t imagine getting assigned on some shit for like 50k. How you even get out of that lmao
Cowboy Bepop
Remember when we thought the market would crash because the pope might die of covid? That was a good time to buy TSLA. This might be a second chance.
🤡
GG WP
I have a $24 MT call expiring on 1/29. Do you think I should exercise it?
King wah
I'm seconding this. They are a true free speech platform and are growing really fast.
Idk why everyones bearish this is hardly dipping
Whiskey is whiskey you’re still drinking  for the same reasons
Wendy's *New* Classic Chicken Sandwich is an oxymoron. it can't be new and classic. they can't fool me with slick advertising.
Pure soy.
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/UVXY/jeyP4EO7-UVXY-Duplicate-Chart-Pattern-From-March-Crash/

biggest buying volume since march
They do when we have turned into a cashless society and where many websites require you to have their services to use another
[deleted]
Taiwanese people are awesome, very fun crowd. China is asshoe tho, lots of rude people there.
Ban bum
Damn
*Immediately buy the GME dip.  

*retire
This. You aren’t being silenced if a company doesn’t want you using their technology. Get a megaphone and go say whatever you want to say in person
Not happening this time.
Who says he isn’t?
[removed]
We really are fucked. You’re either too dumb to realize this and agree with it or your too lazy to care
I'm not sure you are understanding what free speech is. Free speech is the right to be protected from prosecution by the government for what you say. A separate corporation allowing you to use or not use its platform is not protected in any way by free speech.

I agree with you that it's a little worrisome but they have no legal obligation to let you say shit.
[deleted]
🏳️‍🌈🐻
Did you not see the comey pumping this??
No one is obligated to help you spread your message
SRPT 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Leaps baby
Fact
No
Always so gross and bearish in here when no actual money is moving
The only Dork is the Dad that can't seem to find anything in common with there Kids.
Tomorrow gonna open red so bears can sell their puts for a gain and pussy boys can sell me their calls for a loss. Then it will rip green after Robinhoods load up on puts so that bulls can eat.

Bears and bulls are on the same team.

Fuck the market makers.
Be thankful you’ve got 100k to play with. 

Good luck
keen-wa
I have and ARKQuestion. Why are not talking about ARKQ. Hell it’s 12% TSLA and we love the other ARKs.
Crashes are usually random and out of nowhere. This means tomorrow will be bullish af
I guess I shouldn't have sold those 1/22/21 $65 calls a few weeks ago :-/
IV not that high imo = safe to buy
Deep
Everyone else is worried for tomorrow except ICLN gang, we’re headed in for another +20% week. Get in before Biden's speech on Thursday
that ccp *shill* this morning for **nio** was hilarious.
All you have to do to get wsb to believe you is call us retarded smh
🙋‍♂️
Guaranteed to paper hand my NIO calls tomorrow...
You can't handle the truth!

Son, we live in a world that has walls, and those walls have to be guarded by men with guns. Who's gonna do it? You? You, OP?
Lol OP got clickbaited.

Robinhood investors love this one simple trick to gain 1000% in a day, guaranteed!
You'll prob be fine unless IV crush. I don't really expect nio to stay down with such a strong presentation. I bought the puts on friday I'm just getting in and getting out, then using the profit from puts back into shares lmao
Im in Europe and do this. This is why we are called europoors
agree. no sense at all.

on the other hand: using technicals🤣🤣🤣 people still believe in astrology🤦🏻‍♀️🐒
Limit down round two
Shorted Trumpette, winninggg
Got a big fucking point.  Tesla can expand to china.

NIO is not going to make the trip across the pacific.

Hondas and Toyota were different.  Japan people were craftsman and warriors.

China = chabuduo
In my opinion, leaps are always better. Buying shares is a making a bet that the company will go up, same as buying leaps, so why not buy leaps and make much more profit
[removed]
Ed Sheehan married his high school simp when he could be fucking 10s use that in your investment mindset
keen-wah. love that stuff, quinoa pilaf r tasty
Last time I check there wasn't a bear on wallstreet
You can speak freely all you want. But you aren’t entitled to use those platforms as you see fit in your own discretion.
or you just wait till its flirting with the 1 Trillion number, only going down from there
Agreed. By shutting down their outlet, you don't pacify your enemies, you drive them to lash out even stronger.
Yikes on MARA
TSLA has been following the Same rise as buttkoin if that hold true. Then a pull Back for sure tomorrow.
How come everyone is talking about IPOE and no one is talking about BTWN?
Where the fook did all these TSLA bears come from? Could it be CCP bots?
Hope I can scalp a few dollars on a put or 2 tomorrow at open. Hedge the whole way down if I have to
LISTEN TO YOUR OWN ADVICE
Yeah I figured, I’ve been lurking and also doing outside research to get the verbiage down along with an understanding of the basics. I’ll check those subs out, thanks!
Kinda seems like it, Hyundai and Apple partnership looks like a thing, just depends on canoos involvement
People call for crazy shit on r/politics too. You can find insane shit on any public forum with 500k+ people.

But big tech looks the other way because they clearly chose a side.
Wait for premiums to rise and fomo
Huh. So the limit down starts tomorrow now
Not liking kneeling and having Terms of Service expressly forbidding misinformation campaigns/inciting violence are two completely different things.
Jerk off
TSLA 1500c 1/13 . MY WEINER IS READY
GMILF
Dr. Burry why you gotta do this to us
"KEE noAH"
!remindme 1 week to check this guy's account every week.
Is there anywhere where we can find the small cap stocks you found?
Probably gonna need to buy a dip or three
all i want

uvxy to 20

my account 100k -> 200k

immediately buy the faang dip

sell covered calls to eternity

please
It’s pronounced like “buy ICLN calls”
Same tbh,
Imagine being so edgy that you think caring about something other than yourself or money is gay🤡
I swear to fucking god if this subreddit gets taken over by Chinese bots I’ll fucking loose it. This is the last god damn thing that brings me enjoyment anymore.
How was it copy and pasted from a YouTube video if there were pictures?
[deleted]
Here is to another day of losing money with y’all.  Apple up 10% in Valhalla
Not tmrw
Anyone tryna get a PLTR tattoo logo w me
[deleted]
I’m sad 😢 🍉
Now or never
Just to be clear , I just hit vote to keep or vote to go.. and then hit submit right ? Cause I want a fking tag
I SAW IT TOO. LOL LMAO HAHA
O man.  Bulls r fuk
And BLACK
Hahahaha right?!
Don't worry about the cost, someone is one YOLO away from affording it.
Well I remember reading that but totally overlooked it when you mentioned it... that’s only a portion of the position, they’ve still got the Jan IIRC
I’ll start with - I’m probably wrong. But, I think with new stimulus talks, fall through and reconditioning of the Republican Party, shift to green energy - I think we are still in a solid run up, but I know that regardless of my political opinions on trump, he has proven to be a sore loser and probably has many advocates to help him hurt the US in spite (he is best friends with Un, after all)



Really it comes down to this - no one knows, I just think we have a bit more of a rally before a correction like last year, and then another turn forward, in the same fashion of last year, that will dampen the idea that Trump handled the economy poorly. If his last year and Biden’s first year are the same, Trump isn’t the “worst president ever” anymore, but instead “caught in the turning of tides”
verified by the highest of indicators blood bath red tomorrow everyone sell
Investopedia will have a lot of the concepts you’re searching for.
Quinoa
No way in hell will it ever drop below 400
The CCP probably
My in-laws are immigrants who lived in the USSR before and after the collapse (Ukraine).  They tell me this movie looks familiar
Guys just trade 100:1 leveraged CFDs on European Brokerages. Way funnier than options and you can trade futures as well
anyone buying into NIO now will sure get burn down the line
Bears gonna wake up and the losses will be evaporating. The closer to open it gets the closer to green. Bears will be foaming at the mouth trying to sell at open for any gains as we launch to the stratosphere powered by TSLA 920 open
Inn getting into Mara tomrorow
Yeah, if you want. But, Definitely more risk.
Go uppies 250 in 6 months
📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉

📉📉📉📉📉📉🐻🤑📈💀
Pooh Bear market SELL SELL SELL
specifically only Tesla
clawing back from .6
Teslas down 9% in Tasmanian markets
I understand that, but they control the way we communicate...

Just my thoughts, but it makes me sad.
Who here has had louis xiii cognac
I just had a subconscious visceral reaction when I saw this. I don't know, but I think I have seen him in the wild
Yes
Applauded? I feel like the sentiment on Twitter is so overwhelmingly bearish right now. Jack is getting his ass torn apart on the internet.
That’s the spirit!
Depreciating asset that likely has insurance and maintenance costs that his yolos don't cover

sounds like a spac investor
Keep averaging down my dude. Remember Ryan Cohen’s increased stake means he ain’t going anywhere without the SEC noticing.
JPM 🚀🚀🌔💰
They believe their hateful bigoted actions are justifiable in stopping their perceived hateful bigoted actions of others
You makin bank.

This the stock you can make bank on puts and calls weeks out
Tsla 1/15 890c gonna print?
Does it matter? Lives in China+having a normal life=CCP shill=banned
How do you pronounce "Quinoa?"
How fuckt am I $spy $mara and $psth calls?
[removed]
Get fucked loser, this isn’t a political forum. Big tech makes me money they can do whatever they want.
You’re on the wrong thread
NIO to the 🌕 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Get ready for that ETF to disappoint....no matter what the VIX does...
Always interesting how someone would have been making so many big brained plays if it weren’t for the position they’re already in.
DENIAL IS A TERRIBLE THING
how do you know tesla is selling off yet?
181  shares and counting
Biden bump
-virgin
$500 by 2023 mark my words
Which spacs? Curious
And why will tech sell off?
400p 1/15 for maximum gamma flip
My account would like to thank you for your predictions
The market can turn frantic with a couple days of selling. A 5-10% correction in the index funds does not require a bunch of people to panic sell.

Anyone who says the word “will” when describing stock market action is an idiot. I say probability because I know nothing is certain. You say the market “will” go up because you are an amateur.
I realized after n didn't edit, because I aint no bitch! ill go down with the ship, like The old dirty Chinese restaurant on an 8ball
[removed]
I’m personally buy another 45k in Tesla shares if we see a huge red day with Tesla
Is there a reason no one talks about the Chargepoint spac? I don’t know if the ticker is banned so I won’t mention it.
Ride green energy wave or wait for premiums to lower?
Tesla rising tho
Prepare for -10% at open bruh
I lived in Humboldt County for a long time. Lots of folks there still love the states that it’s not legal in. Great Customers. Price has gone from 4-5k a lb in the nineties to 500 a lb now, if you’re lucky.  The numbers just don’t add up for the legal market.
VXX is up 3.5% and Trump is going to go after tech like no other after what just happened. Plus we just rallied so hard so this is the perfect time to correct a bit.
Leaps for sure
I picked sundial since they are debt free now
[removed]
Painkillers/booze
"I would like to announce NSA's new partnership with Palantir. The 2021 Capitol riot was a wake up call for of us.  Mass surveillance is needed for the safety and security of this Great Nation."
My anecdotal experience on the road confirms Beamer drivers are by far the douchiest. I think it's a trend in the last 10 years where they realize their cars are now inferior to TSLA, Mercedes, Audi etc. and need to overcompensate by trying to recreate Tokyo drift at the worst moments.
that crash isn’t going to help
Social Jusice warriors
only if you have shares <3
I like owning stocks so you can be the option contract writer.  Consider that 80% of options expire worthless, which side do you want to be on?
[deleted]
Triggered
Mods :(
**MODS**
into all of that minus NIO
Everybody else is worried except ICLN gang, we’re headed in for another +15% week
1/3
Cathie Wood stars in

Fund Managers like it BIG
I want a Tesla boat
People were calling for insurrection and killing of politicians, big tech is not democrat or republican they just want good PR and more money.
In many ways,  despite the current climate, it's a privilege to be an American. I was looking at spending time overseas and learned I would not be able to trade with Vanguard. Looking deeper, it's not  easy to purchase American stocks as a foreigner. GBA
ICLN is always printing
🐂GREEN BY OPEN 🐂
Man after the last month I feel like I have that hangover you get after a vacation lol. So much shit happened, excitement every day good and bad.
How do you even get splash back from a toilet. I hate using urinals for this reason tho
🤡 they need to chill thats a weak dip
Are you buying shares/warrants/calls?
800p
really?
GME, if you could squeeze before rent is due next month that would be super, thanks
What makes you think that
What about tsla
Friends don’t let friends drive around with cringe vanity plates.
Fucked.
[removed]
What I’ve learned is bears love to post in the what are your moves tomorrow & weekend discussion threads. Daily threads, they’re out picking up their wife’s boyfriends dry cleaning
[deleted]
I thought we want the outside firms in so we can spam tickers PLTR 30 and fool their algorithms into buying in?
These whore banks better fucking moon
GOEV 🚎⚡
Make me lol
Pray for my BA stonks, thanks
Where is it selling off?
What’s it at?
Because it's their platform? if you want free speech, just go talk outside
Why would they?
Down
They haven’t made one to fit your moms ~~Cochise~~Coochie so it’s still like tossing a hot dog down a hallway. She’s nice enough to hold it with her feet though.
NIO, PSTH, ICLN, ICLN CALLS for march, ARKK, BABA
Way too bullish on this board

meaning bloody week ahead

be careful
COVID stocks still good during invasion?
im getting out of MARA tomorrow
Next 'followup tweet':

I posted something, but I am not saying it will tank. It may rise, it may fall and it may stay flat.
Are you buying shares or calls?
Quite fucked
What's this silliness about?
Tesla going to drop 12% tomorrow, EOW $350.00

Get out now.
Icln up 23% in Uzbekistan camel markets 🇺🇿 🚀 🌝
I'm all in on TSLA & NIO. This is capitalism. If there's money to be made then I will be there.
Haha, all the comments going "where??" suggest there is a lot of fear. If it starts dropping it's going to be a scramble for the door!
You just can't BRRRRR like he can, I'm sorry.
tHe bUblE pOpS fUtUrEs dOwN .5% 🤡 🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
Slashed in half sorry bro ... I'll be buying them at open off of you
Would suspect BA stock drops tomorrow and drags down airbus stock with it, could be a good opportunity to buy into both, especially the latter.
Pulling back from the crazy week I think. I’m really hoping it turns around before open. Looks like things will gap down in the morning. 

My SPY calls might be red at open ☹️
Cogent argument, for sure. Thanks for sharing that note from a personal front. But its too big! It has gained critical mass. Do you really think ideology is going to stop most people (maybe not you) from checking in on Twitter when the mainstream media flashes a picture of a high profile tweet on TV? I don't think so. 

I have to concede, that it chaps my buttocks that Dorsey is so egotistical that he continues to believe he can run 2 major companies in Square and Twitter. I hear that the activist investor who holds shares in Twitter, Elliott Management, will be releasing the hounds on him soon after calling a truce:

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/09/technology/twitter-silver-lake-investment.html

Hopefully Dorsey will move on and seems like that will be the case with his recent intimations of thinking Square should be a conglomerate (rumor is Square is buying Tidal) instead of just a payments company...would make sense he would want to take the reins of such a company. 

Change is in the wind with Twitter's recent buys of Squad and Breaker. I like it. Am long, and staying long and like my seat at this poker table.
I’ll report back
Nowhere near overvalued. People haven’t even begun pricing in complete automation in giga factories to become the predominant manufacture of everything on earth.
Imagine being so gay that you care about the paris agreement
Yup, some people on this sub get mad at people asking more basic questions so if you want to make a post for questions like this r/options and r/stocks is good. But comments like this also work here. Good luck on your investing journey!
(Chappie has entered the chat)
Go Dog Go
Here’s what I do know: tomorrow may or may not be a tech selloff. In fact, tech stocks will either sell or not sell, based on my predictions.
Not tesla tho
How you know it’s dipping
Dude look at the VXX that speaks volumes.
"We will provide you with holiday sales results in early January, and then more details regarding our strategy and our work at the ICR conference happening virtually in January and again following our fourth quarter year-end results. Thank you, all, very much." - Sherman

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.fool.com/amp/earnings/call-transcripts/2020/12/09/gamestop-gme-q3-2020-earnings-call-transcript/
 
Sorry for the shitty mobile link.
The person selling you the calls hedges by buying the stock long; they don't sell them naked.  If you buy 100 call contracts way out of the money, then they have to buy stock to hedge the delta of what they sold.  Amplify that with lots of people buying OOTM calls means more stock buying and it then pushes the price up.  Deep OOTM call options are cheap, so you can get lots of them.

Hope you can see how this could become its own self reinforcing cycle.
You guys can't buy on Robinhood past the 11th but you can still sell your positions including options. So if I were you guys, load up now or get another broker.
He spiked the football when they were worth more than Ford, then sold his Audi R8 to Nikola. Great stuff.
Tesla selling off is bullish. Perma bulls just gonna buy more shares and hold those fuckers till 2040
the only thing more retarded than getting investment advice here is getting it from twitter
🍄
I’m loaded to the tits!
Sold some AMZN calls for a $2k loss and like 2 weeks later they were worth $20k. Might have paid around $4k for them.

Learned the hard way.
Bullish rotation into stonks?
I sit like a bitch at home to prevent splash back. 100% don’t care
Shares
GILD leap holder checking in, GILD is keynote speaker which would mean a big announcement. leaps are super cheap and the stock is grossly undervalued. leaps are dirt cheap, this is a good play and REM is in huge demand.
Lmao.
USD is trash. No way it can sustain any upward movement for long.
[deleted]
.5 lol gtfo
To shreads you say?
I tried so hard to like RH with its amazing UI, but it just sucks so bad with execution, so bad, I switched over to Webull, it’s pretty good so far
Good fucking grief dude
**Is the Midgets racing the Camel MEME CCP infiltration??? if so... we are all DOOMED!!! 🇨🇳🙌**
So he didnt kill himself?
Lol, im with you here. I sold around 20k worth at around $5 after it recovered from a dip around May.
It’s just leverage with no other Greeks to deal with.
not a 🌈 🐻 but I kinda hope we open red so I can feel good about not holding any calls over the weekend and buy the fucking dip
OKAY WHO WANTS TO BET WE OPEN RED
Y'all mad because he's not making your tsla stock worth more 😂😂
Why banks?
S&P500 down 0.62%
Sounds about conservative
Sell calls dude, the last price for **2/19/21 @ 27 was 2.40** 10 percent return for a month is not bad.

If you think it is still going to go up **2/19/21 @ 30 was 1.60** is pretty good too.
Loading up tendies for a $600 PC warming bucket? Anything for the peeps on pc master race is definitely a good option.
Green by open. Still have euro open and actual premarket.
I don’t know what to do with my hands
You say tech, but it's always everything
Is nio done for?
I'll sell em to you...venmo me a few thousand bucks and I'll mail you the certificates
I used to think GME was a meme stock (and it is) but after doing more research and hearing about Ryan Cohen's history with Chewy, I now think it's at least worth getting into it a bit.  I'm going to buy in after tomorrow's conference, so Tuesday, but I don't mind buying a couple dozen shares *just in case*.
*popcorn company
Old Grand Dad Bonded all day every day
But only since I finished my 1.75 of Old Weller Antique purchased in 2015
Meant RTX, I know HON is at a premium but I think it’s still a better buy. 


In 5 years I could see hon gain 50 percent and RTX maybe gain 30 ... even though RTX is a mode obvious value play right now
Based
big baby jesus
Idk who you are op but it seems like your job allows you to do some inside trading if ya know what i mean 😉 godbless
Mama Cathie MILF or GILF?
Aint gonna happen bruh
This week though?
TSLA up 200 souls at Firelink Shrine
Jack 'Noma now
Yes I like the way you think sir
Dr. Seuss has a pretty good catalogue
If you ever feel your account is useless, just remember sony has dropped millions this holiday season marketing a sold out console.
VXX calls, selling tomorrow and picking up whatever is still red
Which way up is tesla going this week?
Definitely won't drop around earnings
FDs on the steelers
And what’s the catalyst for that?  The fact that you bought puts and futures are down .6%?
How fucked are my TSLA $940 1/15 calls
Consider that Apple also designs some of the best chips in the business. They focus heavily on machine learning as well. Hyundai and it BD would make a great pairing.
Why are the big tech companies (FB, TWTR, AMZN, GOOG) allowed to decide what is free speech?
Because they are the current, main source of communication?
What gives them the power to control what we can read??? 


Shouldn't I be the one to make that decision, as an American, in a free country??? 

I'm concerned as to where we are going as a free society.
Wasn’t the roadster supposed to come out in 2020? Wtf Melon?!?!
Is the AAPL GOEV rumor legit?
Not tomorrow man
Nio is a kpop company?
so $1 USD?
Good stuff!
All the reading you need: Buy calls. Price dropped? Buy more.
It’s different this time 🤡
If DXY were to hit 91 by open i would bust so damn hard.
buying puts on everything at open fuck yeah
I see bears on the horizon boys. Lock and load.
used to own more likely
If the index funds moderately correct by 5-10% over a 4-8 week period almost everything will get a price cut.
Sick thanks
It’s just routine profit taking, no need to panic
If JD dips, you might want some of that too
Premarket is -1.42% so red day to some (not considering) after being up 24.71% the past 5 days.
Ohh those damn statistics. Where did we all slide through the looking glass into the alternate dimension where facts are altered simply by believing? I should have all the tendies then damnit!
some retard saw 140% short then added it to 100% because "you have to count the float too when giving the full number"
The SPY is up 16.71% over the past year. Take out Mondays and it is up 26.5%. Don’t let the 🏳️‍🌈🐻s fool you
fuck pooh etc, but state funded ccp pumping of nio bullish af
The intelligent investor is good one but that doesn’t apply to this sub
Wolf of wallstreet
China is literally the fastest growing economy in the world. I hate the country(not being offensive but they have horrible policies and think they could have controlled covid better). In China(highest population) they have a huge market in which they just sell to each other. For example xpeng copied tesla on a lot if things but the p7 actually is pretty good. China doesn't always fail when copying, especially the huge companies.
Ex this Friday ..... my gut tells me this was a gamble and I’m fucked, but the market tells me fuck your gut and your DD
red
[deleted]
Unofffical account.
So, now that he has a place to live, what's next?
[deleted]
DXY... :)
What’s ur point?
#-.5% is not blood red
Uhh correct me if I’m wrong, but I thought buying and selling options has minimal effect on the price of a stock since no shares are actually bought or sold....?
I doubt it, they're still pretty low and haven't really announced any of the big news on their progress and partnerships yet, Q1 is supposed to be when they talk more about that stuff.  They've just been on a slow climb from the bottom after the post-merger dump for the past week.
There is a 10 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 5 days on [**2021-01-15 15:34:08 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-15%2015:34:08%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kudrid/this_weeks_easy_10_bagger/girpnoh/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkudrid%2Fthis_weeks_easy_10_bagger%2Fgirpnoh%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-15%2015%3A34%3A08%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kudrid)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
It lets you keep your shares, but you have downside protection along with a defined upside
Okay this big red day tomorrow... can’t wait to buy cheap calls yus
puts on tesla since it's big tech now
Imagine thinking we don’t get the classic FED reversal at 2am and 0.5% green at open
[deleted]
Haha no chance stocks. ROI is nice as is not going to chance a loss on the expected gains.
Maybe a good idea
how tf did jeff hardy do those crazy ass jumps
SAP, you say?
You'll run into some stiff competition from A.G. Pennypacker. That dude doesn't fuck around.
Already there about to open the doors for you
GILF
What app do you trade with? Trying to get away from RH...
[deleted]
You’re just using the toilet bowl in an incognito tab
to valhalla
Thats because the ceo's name is Jeffrey Epstein you retard
[deleted]
This comment was the most gold awarded across all of Reddit on January 10th, 2021!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/TopCommentOfTheDay](/r/topcommentoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
Possible short squeeze on the dollar. Manchin trying to block stimulus, hell the market doesn’t need a news catalyst to correct. The firms just have to decide that retail is piled in deep enough and they hit the panic switch.
Tsm been locked in. Easy money.
Absolutely braindead to buy ABNB at these prices.

Seriously, SNOW is a much better investment that could turn into a $500B-$1T company in the next 5 years.
We're still less than 1% from the ATH. This is barely a hiccup.
cause he'll forget it the next day
[removed]
I have BABA calls, i love it 😎
Like Elon the best PR director?
1% is basically flat...
Has anyone ever opened the Investing.com app and see green and realize you’re on indices instead of indices futures 😪
Chinese stocks?
shes in her 60s dawg
BABA up 12% in Donetsk People's Republic.
Yes, many words and really could have been reduced to 2
Down turn started as early as late February but crash crash was like a 3 week period in March proper. It largely settled by the last few days of March
[removed]
Tsm, sap, goev thank me later
Very fucked.
Can anyone suggest some good reading material for an aspiring autist? New to trading but this sub gets me hyped...just want to understand some basic concepts before going full on YOLO on GME...
We buying the RIOT dip or waiting to see if 💩🪙 drops more
China not ass hoe.  U ass hoe
Tesla is currently up 8 rupees in Hyrule
[deleted]
NIO calls. now enjoy your ban
Drill teams working hard anyone have some refreshments to offer
**OK**
[Please clap](https://media.giphy.com/media/MEGVADYlvKWgbOmvWX/giphy.gif)
Never hold after shitty coups
Is it better to get in on NIO now via pure shares for long term hold or leaps?
You guys are in for a rude awakening everyone on here keeps saying it’ll be green by open or this isn’t a dip but this is different. Tech is going to sell off hard tomorrow
[deleted]
Not a tesla. Your friend is indeed an idiot
You're the one saying they were cheap at an all time high. 

I'm just trying to parse out how you came to that conclusion.
I like fucking in them,  better than hotels.
Interesting. So you can sell FDs on anything (uncovered) and once you profit you can buy it back to close
If FCEL is red tomorrow I’m loading up on 7/16 calls
Got 4/16 $35c loaded up hoping they’ll print 🙏
RetaRd StreNgth INdicatOr
🚀
It's half of one percent. Relax.
**The CCP infiltration has become funny / we are all at risk now!!! 🇨🇳🙌**
how we all do, we ask jeeves
More stimmys really? 

I was just about to unsubscribe and quit this casino.
tsla puts
Depends on expiry. If you're long absolutely
USO calls and UCO shares?
Thata gang but no one profits
It's so cringe.
Good, it if worth it then it will happen. Instead of spaz yoloing some dumb shit in to effect.
sung to the tune of Tax Man I'm assuming
TA bot?
Dork
Be a homie and share
Just tell me what to short lol
When your company basically controls speech, ya. This isn't a mom and pop bakery.

But glad you are ok with big tech deciding what is ok for you to hear. Don't like it? Stay off it. What's the problem?
Thanks for the F shack 

-Dirty Elon and the Boys
It’s good to seeing the retarded Russell finally taking a breather
Gavin Signature edition
I'm red/green color blind. What's your excuse?
Does anyone know how to trade futures? Been watching some videos and it looks like options on overdrive
I’ve actually been wondering this same thing dude lol
This is so retarded but I love it
Sounds like a 🌈🐻 to me
Hello my man wanna tell me these plz?
probably just some turbulence until the mango is finally gone. then moon moon
USD looking bullish.  Could put pressure on stonks.  Watch yourselves.
What makes you think that? I’m not being a dick. I’m honestly interested
You guys pee into the water while I exclusively stream to the sides of the toilet bowl 🧑‍🎓
[removed]
RIOT/MARA gang buy the dip
Objective trades: what price do you think GME is undervalued? 13? 12?
Cathie is definitely a MILF
[deleted]
Yeah just click on trade options for any stock and it’ll bring up a prompt to allow you to trade them
Just look at the seasonality chart of the SP500
[removed]
Yeah, I'm a 

Sniper

I

Monkey

P
Not a chance
18
Oh it’s going down all right, but next week? Damn dude. Buy a little further out. Lol
Futes bloody red 😩
The Dirt Mcgirt of Calls
Should look into $COTY as well, extremely undervalued at $7, leaps are cheap and they are majority share holder of kylie cosmetics. Next ER will be big for them.
Yo pajama traders hate commodities
I agree. There's only up not left or right, that's for peasants
>$QS

That's what I think as well, as that's exactly what my TA Bot says.
Well just because you buy products made with Chinese supplies doesn't mean not buying their stock is pointless.  It still hurts them and sends a message.  In fact, it's pretty much irrelevant to say "hey you buy the essential impossible to avoid products they make" as an argument against avoiding their stocks for moral purposes.
Very smart people I know are talking about just that and I need to know what an experienced person would say about doing that with this stock on the dip...
$MSOS (Advisor Shares Pure US Cannabis ETF) is listed on the NYSE. It's top four holdings are Trulieve, Curaleaf, Green Thumb and Cresco. There is no way that these big companies do well without $MSOs also going up. 

Good luck euroman
[deleted]
holy shit, I hope you feel better / get things fixed in an acceptable way.  I thought you were kidding.
[deleted]
Don’t fall for the trap
We will see. I am bullish on the news
I am holding OTM calls... on the VIX 😂 sometimes being a bull pays even when SPY dips
There’s a good chance based on leaks and rumors and IMO AMD might be used in Tesla cars in  the future.

Do with this information what you will.
Thoughts on ABNB ?
Good idea actually lol
I would but the ducking Chicago exchange hasn’t written that many expiration dates.
Mt is in Cleveland bruh
Art Vandelay?
Healthy correction
Short term trend I think. There are a lot of people talking about deleting Twitter account & canceling Amazon prime membership because what they did to Donnie. Could be a good BTD opportunity tho.
U probably said that shit when tsla was up 500%. Shut up bitch
going into RMO and APHA
Everything is inverse 😁
Drama queens
I thought this was a place for retards, too.
PSTH target Parler
Why would I try and call a top on Tesla when I can just buy puts on SPY? Only a dumbass who wants clout tries to short a steamroller in a bull market.
the gays are aight.
I have not
Who gave you the right to judge those "racially Chinese", whatever their "sin" is which you spoke of? Often, it is hilarious to see dimwits in the "west" narrating such a ridiculous sense of righteousness. Be aware of the "wolves" within.
Dumb money thesis?  “FWIW”, I think you’re misinformed about what you’re taking about.  I have no clue what that is, I saw a post 3 days before this one that got me thinking.  I **literally** linked his name ___dildo___
Hahaha PWND. Thanks for the assist and spoon feeding this lazy dumbass.
🤞🏻
[removed]
Now I'm in. That's all the research I need
About 3 weeks, but I'm shooting from the hip on that guess.
we had 2 big uppers so now we have a medium downer
Okay that makes sense. Thanks for the lesson!
[removed]
Yeah you should almost always buy them back if you’re up over 90%. At that point the best you can do is make an extra 10% and if some news pops up you can lose unlimited profit.
[removed]
we have like the highest concentration of autism, it would be a violation of ADA or something
1 1/2
Futures haven’t mattered since February/March. Don’t pay attention to it
lmao imagine thinking that
Bears right now

https://vm.tiktok.com/ZScn1gnT/
Open big then give it all back for the rest of the day or open and remain flat all day until EOD then nice 3-4% increase.
He bought
So companies should be forced to take clients they don’t want?
I have spy calls and we just lost to the FUCKING BROWNS. Someone put me in a coma
The Osiris of Stonks
Everything gonna be bought up by morning lmao
**ICLN** gang let's get some momentum headed into the week

Clean energy legislation coming in hot, and more interest in the sector than ever before

Let's get our slice of the $2.4 trillion tendie pie

**ICLN** GANG RISE UP

current positions: 20x $35c 1/2022, next move is buying shares on Monday
Nice.
It’s the amount of DD I need.   NIO to the moon!
TSLA up 14.5 gold in Skyrim
idk as a bear im pretty delight rn
u/notccpbot o7 farmed 33k+ upvotes a true mad lad
[deleted]
Is the bubble poppity popping tmrw?
I was kind of wondering about this. Is it bullish for QS that Nio announced a kick-ass solid state battery?

Or is it bearish because QS doesn't plan to have manufacturing scale for a few years, while Nio will supposedly be ready in a year?
3 weeks
Fundamental misunderstanding of how options work. He may technically belong here
For options the max loss is however much you put in. The max gain is technically infinite as stock prove is technically infinite
When they’re down this much they do.
go cry me a river , did your mom not give your medication today ?Why you raging bby
Saturday: "We have many competing for our business"

Sunday: "Every vendor we talk to says they won't work with us"

LOL
It’s crap
Ban
Not margin. Options.

Simply put: If the cost of an option is 1/15th the price of 100 shares of stock then you are 15:1 leveraged. Although exact leverage depends on an option's delta.
imagine saying what you want
Nope
I miss TM. Guy provided quality entertainment.
Solid
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't know shit when it comes to options but if its PLUG go all in
Yep, all good info. I meant there’s been a trend to rapid momo shifts based purely on social media sentiment. It’ll be interesting how long it lasts before the next bubble burst.
ZM is never a buy.  


TSLA is always a buy. 


And this is coming from an idiot who has only bought 1 share of TSLA ever and sold for a $90 gain in about a week.  
I am always 0.0001% away from FOMOing into Tesla, which means it’s only going to go up.  Until I jump in.
Ok
If you get a membership to one of those NIO houses a human gives you head.  NIO 🚀.
Play Minecraft 100x better.
Cheers, thanks
[deleted]
[deleted]
Solid advice, thick, tight. Keep me up to date with your progess.
Futures red
NIO BOOMS MONDAY
this is the sound of panic combined with anger / annoyance
XL, GOEV, etc. Electrification is going to be huge with all of the subsidies and CO2 emission targets that are inevitable.
Maybe he likes asshole?
Biden pump
[deleted]
Just checked the futures, any reason why everything is down?
We're red cause AMZN banned Parler
This is underrated advice, it's sad that so many people won't understand it. 

When the market sells off on scary news, that's BULLISH.

When the market sells off on no news at all, that's BEARISH.

Selling off on scary news means the weak hands, the stupid money, are panic selling. Selling off on no news means the big boys have inside info and are getting out before the news becomes public.
He’s dead
[removed]
How many days was the march crash?
Same
US wants China to stop bothering the sovereign nation of Taiwan.

BABA up on the Hong Kong stock market index!  Might see $240 a share for us tmr!
Might get a dip on PLUG tomorrow after that moonshot on Friday.
Paper hands — close your positions with a loss at open, or...wait until mondays power hour and close your positions with profit.  This is merely a dip to buy. Crash isn’t happening until late Jan early feb
No like, to bed
I think ZM is gonna pop once they officially announce S&P inclusion
This is the move eod monday, sell tuesday morning, buy leaps
Wait everyone on Robinhood has been losing money without access to FDs.  Da fuq
You’d do it regardless
Tomorrow the bubble pops I hope you enjoyed your gains
Just the way they like it
[deleted]
Vary naaaaaaice
[Oh hell ya](https://i.imgur.com/Nrnu9Iz.jpg)
Sleepy Joe don’t trust China, China is an asshoe
Exactly, not even below Friday's low yet and people are scared.
It’s all subject to supply and demand in the open market. There is a growing scarcity of PSTH shares regardless
I invented the printer. ZIRP’n since ‘09, bitch. You’re welcome.
[removed]
TSLA stock is overvalued but sadly I’m a retard so I’ll keep buying the dips
have they responded yet
😂
Not sure why you think TLRY wont be a player in the U.S. They are the powerhouse and they are poised to to have control in Europe, U.S, and Mexico.
😂prayers for you, fellow idiot
extra red at night extra bulls delight. USD MOOOning
Futures traders must be steeler fans
Um. Who tf knows about such a practice? 🤡🤢
WhT
TSLA up 9% in Zimbabwe rn
Oh that’s what this autist is talking about.... wtf 

I don’t even know what to believe. 

In the last 5 mins I saw these three posts and I don’t know which one is harder to believe. 

1. KFC gaming console 
2. How to play alien info in 180 days 
3. Shorting Tesla 

This sub might be getting too retarded for me.
TSLA will keep melting up until earnings... which haven't even been announced yet.
Everyone on r/wsb says tsla only goes up. Papa Elon has made people thousands of dollars on this sub by buying ridiculously OTM call options. For most companies, what has happened for tsla never happens. Nor should it really. But people just love tsla and keep buying it. However, it also is a complete gamble at this point cause the stock could drop at any point. Everyone knows its overvalued, the people buying calls (me included) are simply hoping more people will continue to buy as well
how's about just wait of couple of hours but in the meantime you sunk my donk if you want, ya know just to pass the time.
Tbh they’re lucky we haven’t figured out how to trade options of options. 🤡🤡🤡🚀🚀🚀
What would the gain be?
You can buy them back 🤨
Why everyone talking about TSLA crashing, what’s the news
They made that thing up to trick you. I’m not falling for it!
Wukanda
Lol, it's not xenophobic to question if people speculating around a Chinese stock are legit. Go be offended on twitter or something.
Some people are crashing from their 3 day coke bingers and realizing that they have their entire net worth tied in spy weekly calls
Installed and played Roblox. Wtf is wrong with kids these days. No way I'm putting money into their stock
You got it
All in GME
yes, it was on CNBC. The ticker read "ber r fuk"
Politics is too risky.

Anyway I'm all in on PLTR 50C 15JAN!!!!!!
What happened
Sir, this is the unemployment line
hope china retaliates against american companies or something

or trade tariff rumors come back

GUH
The lil baby Jesus of contracts
Yeah its from the IV drop. It seems each of greeks will fluctuate between positive and negative values depending on the share price movement, its quite fascinating. I've even used this strategy to speculate a steadily increasing share price with success. 

I'll play around with manual entry on opc.com
Do you know of a better way to calculate potential profits?
I already use the analyze tab in TOS.

Also, are you saying that butterflies loose value because of the likely hood of share price moving out of the target range? or are you saying that they profit from the decay mostly during their final week but have low volume and liquidity?
Tired of ppl talking shit about inflation
Puts on grammar.
Bruh
Than why does it suck if they don’t matter?
Short volatility if we get a spike, load up on banks
Ya can lower that with pajama trading and keep mooning at open...
That's brave (retarded)
How much you going to sell me them at when I need calls at $100 ?
Tomorrow we fight for our lives
Don’t mess with putting money in VIX if your are new to the game. Just use it as a volatility indicator for the market as a whole when considering other trades.  VIX trades have a lot of moving parts, expire at market open (rather than close), etc.
Mods do your magic trick
They are home
did you save the post? Mods deleted it. Friend sent me this link yesterday but was busy and didn;t get a chance to read til today. Not it's gone. :(
What are the good Biden plays for the week? TAN? Plug?
[deleted]
Oh I 100% agree. I’m saying - freedom of speech is great but don’t be surprised when you tell someone to hit you in the face with a twisted tea, they do it.
GME EOD predictions tomorrow
Ugh MTLS always drops a bajillion % on red days. It’s a leap, so I don’t rly care that much. I just don’t like watching my account go down :(
The rhyme.
Yay, collapsing ASPs coming even sooner than expected! Very bullish
I flip flop so much that I can't remember anymore
Sometimes it’s ok to just be a silver fuckboy
In some of the papers I read it mentioned that sort of collateral is given when shares are borrowed. Point being it’s par for the course
Watch my meme vid for luck
Not being democrat = hosting nazis
It tends to follow the market
Make money.
If papa says it's gonna be ok, it's ok for me 😊
1000 IQ Plays.
This is what happens when you don't have good PR people
TSLA up 4 coins in Mushroom Kingdom!!!
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This US/Taiwan thing is going to piss China so much lol fuck them
Steelers just gotta go home
It’s like a black pudding
This thread is what I come here for.
Loosen your grip
Futures don’t mean anything, when will you bears learn?
I don't know but not like it can stay up. It'll drop again like the trash it is.
FWIW Deng was the Chinese leader who most welcomed outside ideas and tried to reduce the hardcore communist side of things to make China more of a capitalist country. Like the complete opposite of Xi.

If they were posting on that forum it'd be extremely unlikely that they're a CCP shill since anybody on the CCP payroll would have to support Xi's bullshit these days.

Though what I think this person really was, was an American pretending to be a Chinese person to shill NIO. Their English was too good to be explained the way they explained it, which means they're unlikely to have been a Chinese spy because honestly a spy would have had the correct explanation for it which would have been to claim that they went to an international school in China.
Considering they submitted a hybrid they won’t get a majority IMO
weeklies getting shredded tmrw
Investing.com app

Username does not check out.
Yeup nio said available by 2022 get ready nio is the real deal. Thats why qs tanked some big investor got wind ahead of time get ready for the surge tomorrow mark my words.
[deleted]
The shit winds are blowing tonight boys. BULLS, stand back and stand by - cocks at the ready. At first light, we’ll flank the 🐻s from the rear.
Houston and handing it to LA, name a better duo!
What is CCP

Edit: never mind
Nice. Yeah it’s fun I like watching games. This time of year is fun because of NFL playoffs. I also really like March madness for college hoops
Printer getting warmed up. Br. Br.
Just sell em every week fuck it lol
I know this movie is about a kid beating vandam and Bruce Lee is his ghost trainer or some shit like that ..... but can’t think of the name.... WHAT THE NAME OF THE MOVIE?
Isn’t this illegal
Fucked in the ass
Im at the point where I just put all my paychecks into my brokerage account instead of my bank
Lmao he was hosting nazis but yeah okay dude
We are all (dumb) investors!!
Roger that
Can you make this into a web app? Use Heroku for free hosting. Dm me for help since I've used Heroku and flask before. There's also that free python hosting site if you wanted to do it on there. This way you don't even have to run the code yourself. You can just go to the website on your phone and post the results from there.
Subway doesn’t meet the criteria
Lol absolutely. Couldn’t handle the ignance
I’m like the Ol dirty bastard of options
I sold $15 G H I V myself and bought back to close when they hit near 0.15. I was pretty happy with my first CC experience
I prefer Samosa Joe personally.
Nasdaq closed over 13k.
Those of you that didn't lock in your TSLA FD's Friday...Pucker up.
That smile, that damn smile
[removed]
Basic options terminology
Just build you own internet bro
2021 better be volatile
Funny. Trevor Milton said the same thing. Blink is a hot steaming pile of dog shit.
Eh, I didn't really look at his English.  To be honest, written English is very easy for most Chinese speakers.  The grammar is nearly identical to Mandarin in casual writing.  The mistakes generally show up when they are angry about Taiwan.
Like people want to stare at charts all day? Put some money on it and you’ll be yelling at the screen in no time.
Wait for real?
Why won't MMs leave my FDs in peace
Because I have calls and my bad luck overrides literally everything else.
Damn told myself futures don't matter earlier but they're scaring me now
a slow bleed would be more devastating than a flash crash. Everyone knows to buy the big dips and get rich, but a 2007-2009 bear market repeat would probably wipe out 3/4 of the readers here.
I think PLTR is the analogy op is going for ...
[deleted]
Looking to discuss PLUG and covered calls with someone?
It’s a ton of middle aged guys who lost their money, trying to get rich, so that they could fulfill their fantasy of leaving their wives. Now they’re in the hole and are desperate enough to think that their posted opinions can change the movement of the stocks that their few remaining funds are in.
Yes put all you money down in calls
Mondays always green regardless of futures. Remember last weekend?
Gentlemen’s bet to anyone who wants to take it that we close green tomorrow. Bunch a scared ass pus**** we have massive inflation, every single asset is going higher. MASSIVE INFLATION CALL YOUR MOM AND TELL HER TO BUY ASSETS CASH IS TRASH STEEL AND WHEAT UP BIGLY SPY 450 by Summer
This is PLTR's moment
Let me rephrase: I knew it would be a riff on that particular scene from the movie. It'd either be that or the toxic waste "HELLLLLP MEEEE" scene where the guy gets run over and fucking explodes in a fine bloody mist.
Hey, you, I’m still counting on this!
Solid DD.
😂🤡 why u freaking out. This red barely scratched Friday's gains.
Ironic typo there. 

More like bad think though
As much as I think futures don’t matter, this kinda sucks
[deleted]
Guaranteed green by open. Guaranteed.
BABA in HK [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
Are the only fans if they pay you?
there's a pretty big difference in that those vendors and lawyers are not supporting them based on their own will, instead of CCP forcing it
How progressive
I feel like a veteran even though I’m not because I have realized FUTURES DONT FUCKING MATTER
Calls on gold
U mean those pretty colorful lines?
Nah rolling into shares is always a good move but it’s for pussies
[deleted]
I was at Cabela's yesterday and the guy in the gun library was saying they get shipments of ammo every week and it sells out within an hour, they are getting their normal amounts but people buy as much as they can. It's a self fulfilling prophecy. Don't see any ammo, when you do buy it all up, oh look no ammo must be a shortage. Yes in the beginning with shut downs but now it's just crazed buying.
Tesla up 3 rupees
I mean if you know about it the market does as well
NIO Jan 15 FDs
It’s a 1/15 so I’ll hold depending on what happens.
It might make that rumor seem real, but it doesn’t ‘feed into it’ and actually make it more real.
Being cash gang on the weekend has never not saved my ass. I gotta do it more.
Given the difference, please explain how much different the enterprise value is from the market cap. Because I think they're within like 0.5% of each other.
i m so desperate

if uvxy 16+ EOW i will sell my used panties (worn over a week straight) on ebay
[deleted]
It was taken away the second one autist Guh’d all over the place.
Big Dick Energy
His opinions get people killed lol why is that supposed to be legal or permitted 

fuck off fashy
$QS will be the only ticker PAMPing tomorrow.
It’s not even trading anywhere yet shit boy
Banks reporting earnings. They def getting fed money especially since they the ones passing out loans
I feel like the spectrum of risk is shares --> warrants --> calls, any reason for no warrants
You thought you knew what hard drugs were. Get ready for the ride.
Too long.
Big Poppa Market Pump
https://imgur.com/gallery/tYmGMgM
**♪**  Hold the Line..  **♪**  JPow isn't always on time.  **♪** Don't worry Bulls, Green by EOD tomorrow.
Yeah.. I'm  a little worried that there's no reason, ill buy a capitol hill shooting dip all day though
I almost mistook this for an R1 on r/badeconomics. Good writeup, well done
Why ppl saying they down when the premarket not even open?
...bruh Biden won't be in then
Was it not Alexander?
Lol. 

*sees robocop image preview

....

Automatically knows it involves the most absurd scene with penis grabbing zombies being auto’d mercilessly in the crotch.
Too bad a good friend of mine died, he was a hardcore Browns fan. He would have enjoyed this years team.
Got it. And everyone ITT strongly believes Tesla’s stock will continue to rise? Thus the  negative reaction to this post?
Looks like I am doubling my position!
One of you young geniuses that know how to doctor this stuff up should subtitle it with steel calls. https://youtu.be/Quf0q3ABb7I
After looking at the price of those... absolutely not. Unless there’s a whole belt market you know about where this can be an investment that appreciates in value (similar to watches or baseball cards) then please don’t spend that kind of money on a belt lol.

On the other hand - if you REALLY fucking want it and think it will make you happy then get the thing. But don’t fall into the trap of consistently buying shit because you think it will make you happy... hedonic adaption always wins and you’re typically left not really giving a shit about the thing after awhile (this doesn’t seem like it will be your issue since you have trouble spending money on yourself).

On the other other hand. No matter how much money I make, I’m still super frugal and spend my money practically. If you’re not like this and have the money and want to spend the money and it won’t screw with you financially then fuck everything I said and get your leather straps son.
Who knew futures traders would bet big on the Steelers
Ya, he doesn’t manage any money
Ya im not sure if the dip will be done by the end of tomorrow..  might be a Tuesday or Wednesday thing
My apologies I thought this was a Wendy’s
Tim Apple better make my 135 FDs print
So $65 calls for 1/15? Fuck yea I’m in
Marketstream.io
Lol did you create a Twitter account just to reply to this guy? 😂🤣
Someones gotta write em
That’s about the realest answer I could’ve expected
More importantly, SPY went up and our tendies were saved.
F
Limit down?
I already did.
[deleted]
Bro I’m up 500% lmao
You guys really need to stop making your biggest posts sound like 13 year olds write them. This is fucking embarrassing to read.
Ok thank you mr. stockmarket!!
i won $600 on a live bet just now.. now i’m not as salty about not owning TSLA.. but still pretty salty. also, is ZM a buy at 340?
I’m sitting pretty with these SPY $390 1/22 calls. No dip will phase me. I’ll shop on the bargains and ride them back to the top while you bears parade around with %10 gains. Chuds.
Do your parents know they raised an idiot who communicates in buzzwords? Of course they do, since you still live in their basement.
future's as red as my boyfriends tampon
If we somehow turn green, I’ll do anything to anyone.
Anything !
Unless management does something very unexpected, like announcing buybacks or something of that nature which would cause a high volume buying, i'm expecting IV to fall after the conference. Lower IV for ITM puts will mean higher delta hedging requirements, im looking specifically at 18p, 20p , 23p and 24p. The 24p wouldn't require too much more delta hedging as they already got high delta of almost 97 but there's a ton of it so I think it'll make a difference . Melvin capital chose the strike price of 24 very deliberately as you would expect from a hedge fund, because they expect an iv crush to cause more shorting by MM, which I expect will drive the price down.

On the call side, in true wsb fashion you will see everyone's been yoloing 20c , 30c. As these are OTM,  IV decreasing will cause lower delta, and will cause MM to sell the shares they bought as hedge , so you have more net selling. 

If you Google Vanna and charm you'll know what I mean. There's a white paper from squeeze metrics that explains this very well, I don't remember the name tho.

You're right that once these puts expire after Jan 15, the pressure on gme stock will be lower  but thats assuming Melvin capital doesn't buy morr puts, which they have done again and again. Gme is a small portion of their portfolio so they can easily double down on more puts.

My point about the high put OI for GME is that this stock is essentially driven by options and MM hedging flows. The short bagholders is likely not Melvin capital, it simply wouldn't make sense for them to directly short stocks when short trade is already so crowded and pay borrowing fees. its banks like BOA, JPM, citadel or whoever writing the contracts. They basically have unlimited ammunition. 

Wsb could counter this by  consistently mass buy itm calls when IV is high and OTM calls when IV is low. But organizing this is probably not legal and not feasible anyways since wsb only buys otm calls.
Imagine holding TSLA shares over the weekend
Where
tsla 500 EOW?
Has Gordon Johnson ever said anything which turned out to be correct??? Lmaooooo
lmao the plate is great
[deleted]
Ah shit!! Robinhood now allows expiration day trading on options. It’s lit bruh 😎
closed my short way too soon as is tradition
No, I’m on meds
Top is in
Uh A P X T’s CEO on robinhood is listed as Jeffrey Epstein not even joking
I can honestly say I have never seen the “N word” used here in the 3 plus years I’ve been around.  Not to say it doesn’t happen, but we hold ourselves to a higher standard than that.
Why not both?!
Are you one of his 219 followers

This guy really hasn’t gotten to a point of meme fame yet
What day was this?
Positions or ban
R.I.P
The dumb thing is that steel stocks fall the same as tech stocks in a market selloff. Shit sucks, for no fault of theirs.
Dawg check!
Bruh, it’s not even open
Stop it I can only be so hard
Big numbers scary
Debating if I should do FDs cause I want a big bagger
was there news?
Link
TSLA UP BIGLY ON KAZAKHSTAN EXCHANGE
Because companies with good fundamentals are mega cap companies. It's insanely expensive to buy anything on them
[removed]
Dad is that you?
Before huge stimulus pushes the market to Mars MMs need to shake some people out to get a good seat on the rocket.
Nah.
Means we got another 3 percent to go
I just activated margin and have level 2 lmao
Lmao Right?
shits getting strange with these burners lately. Someone could probably digitally fingerprint me pretty easy from the shit I post here. I should probably delete some stuff lol
Spy testing 375 then bounce
rioters stormed the capitol?
Atleast till -9 or so, full correction
Buying shares of GME and selling some slightly OTM weeklies.
Tesla put, yes?
I wanted to get puts but got calls.... I’m, I’m, I’m ok right?
We only trade with quant model sorry
You’re using fundamentals for part of this and technicals for other? What’s the pt based on fundamentals + this?
What he said... bond prices go up, people will rotate out of equities
I have Feb 05 280c
Bank of America... Bruh really my guy
are 1/15 plays too early?
This feeds into the rumor that the short sellers have provided collateral to these passive investors (blackrock etc....)
not even down 1% yet
[deleted]
Gonna get downvoted but this is kind of fucked up. Can't run a website anywhere and lawyers wont support him because he has the wrong opinion.

We're no better than China.
I really wouldn’t call what’s been happening “no reason”.
[deleted]
They loved free market capitalism til it came for them lmao.
I used to sell speed to this guy who was in his 40s and that’s all he would listen to and it fucked with my head.
Couple days of correction before the next leg up. Weekly call holders gonna be wiped out though.
Same. See you in Valhalla my autistic bother 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bro like 3 other American backs pre NIO day have this 60PT
How does one find google without google? Have some sympathy for the man.
It will, bears printing this week.
A few stocks yes, but it should be green until days after Thursday
They're just sucking dick so they don't get crushed by the Biden admin; they've permitted mango asshole to run rampant for 4+ years and are now trying to "do the right thing" now that he's on his way out.  This isn't about revenue first for them, it's about catering to who's in power.
Oh boy, you haven't seen Randy Savage explain that cream rises to the top, have you?
Your post history bro.... who u foolin
You get a pop up. Can't miss it.
Down half a perfect and everyone losing their shit

Remember what happened last week when futures were down 1.5%?
If you think the shit is going to hit the fan early in the week, then VIX calls, late in the week = SPY puts.
Iv is probably like 300%

I’m going with Washington football team
get the browns defense stationed at the capitol right now
E.B. Tucker: Civil war is not imminent, but a bull rally in these assets is..

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8pblL3zHe0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8pblL3zHe0)
[deleted]
Sell the news partner
yes sir
How many accounts are gonna be wiped if TSLA has a 1% red day tomorrow 🤣🤣🤣
It could, if you're familiar with my best buds Delta and Gamma.
BIDU 0dte on Friday went 1000%+

It’s a yes from me sir
My guess would be a fear of retaliation by right-winger shareholders bringing the market down due to the ban on Trump from social media platforms and ban of Parler.

There isn't a fear that it will be too substantial on the market, but while also being at ATH the upside vs downside risk skews downward
90% of my account is in GME, the rest is in GME calls 😂😂😂😂
LMAO
That's where you "put" your money in a trashcan and light it on fire
[removed]
If markets seem to tank on no reason at all, don't buy the dip
The moon.🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
good one
FUTURES BLOOD RED 🩸
Welcome To The Show Baby!
All I see is 30k for fds
y'all 🌈🐻 learned nothing from 2020

bulls already ate. enjoy the scraps
Calls on you buying more calls
BMW is one of the best depreciating assets. POS
Pet Shop Boys?
BABA up 40% in Borderland
You know why?
Cause when I die buddy
You know what's gonna keep me warm?
That's right, those degrees.
Little more red than I prefer in my futures. Just means we slingshot back to the moon where NIO is already waiting.
King
My conspiracy theory is that the TSLA run was architected in similar fashion.
No I live in Canada and I'm active in energy (oil and gas) , EV's, Mining and ETF's, as well as some fintech companies! I'm very passionate about my investments and like to discuss with the communities I'm invested in. I'm not even from an ethnic Chinese background, you can take your xenophobia somewhere else thx.
The Saints beat their asses
After all that news?
It's gunna get the shit pumped out of it
You spooked me
“Historically bullish” 

🤪
I have calls expiring on Friday so expect it to dip another 5-10% this week
When I’m finished
[removed]
I’m here with you bro, have most of my college savings riding on it, and already down 50%, this shit is brutal as fuck
I wear helmets when I leave the house, but this shit reverses by morning
Why us DXY pumping again?
This is an alternate reality, Browns stomping the Steelers and red futures
Pass em to me bro. They won’t activate mine but have me level 3 options and margin without a second though (like everyone else with a pulse lol)
If he keeps it until expiration and it doesn't reach 710 he loses all the money he used to buy the contract. So if the contract costed him $100 he loses $100.
No idea but I bought my biggest ticket Christmas gift in Gamestop, doing my part GME gang.
Could’ve aged worse!

I added the 😬 emoji for affect
Is this thread not showing up on the front page for anyone else? I’m on mobile
25 new subscribers since I scrolled through this thread taking a shit a few hours ago
Dollar is just putting in a normal bounce like it did back during the last 2 month correction period. I don’t think it’s a big deal but could cause a couple weeks of down in the market.
I'm in my 30s and started with no inheritance.
How did you find out
🎶 Blood Day, Bloody Red Daaaaayyy 🎶
shatcoins down 11%.. tomorrow r fuk
Calls on TLRY.
This 110% figure probably includes the synthetic longs. Unless there is a go private bid the passive investors most likely won’t recall their shares. The main points I wanted to clear up was  most likely there isn’t some magical short selling happening here. I did some other DD and failing to settle also can happen from failing to BORROW the shares in the first place. I am still researching this.
.2, .3, and .4 futures (in either direction), dont mean much to me. But .6? I start to concern
To fuck with him
[deleted]
Xi Jinping looks like Winnie the Pooh
Wood not Woods
[deleted]
been here for a month, the fukizza DD?
Ravens
Bengals
Dumb bull, dumb bull, watcha gonna do when 🌈🐻 come for you?
stonk only go up
LOL, Parler in shambles

https://www.theverge.com/2021/1/10/22223956/parler-ceo-john-matze-lawyers-vendors-abandoning
Anyone else holding SPWR calls?
SNEK
[deleted]
China is fucking yellow trash. But I’m happy to extract wealth from it, thanks. 

I prefer JD, and for SEA EM exposure...SE.
@4.00
Connected via Neuralink
And to destroy silver further
Hey I’m not really that upset I have been bearish but we need some follow threw to see it this really the end of the run 

( possible blow off top was when we dipped Friday then trapped all the bulls over the weekend)
Is the result the plate or the BMW M5? 

My response for the plate is okay. My response for the BMW M5 is I would definitely take a used Mercedes M120 V12 and a transaxle to make a personal street-legal F1 car.
[removed]
Real question why the fuck would you ever worry about the deficit
I put 10k into ICLN, made $2k (20%)from it going up last week and $160 (1.6%) return in 2 weeks. If I hypothetically sold these calls every month I would get close to 45% return just from selling the calls. 

Edit: but yeah you’re right most of the time.
He’s done.
Bro buy red sell green.... what indicators are you taking about? You got a color wheel or some shit with blue on it?
Yeah. I got into Plug.
https://twitter.com/mdfarkas/status/1348443071906787328?s=21
Accidentally holding calls that only expire this Friday. Whoops or tendies? Stay tuned..
Thanks!
Robinhood just gave me 0DTE options 

Issa no from me dawg
Congrats, I’m due to take mine later this year. What engineering discipline are you?
This is truth.
Trump too dumb to autopilot
Will my single spy put hedge offset the obscene amount of calls I have lmao
Nah small caps the one overheated thats why they going down hard tonight
I think many probably yoloed their tax money too
Give people and politicians a heads up. Communication is a good thing.
The 98% number seems correct. 68M shares short out of 69M.

But I can't figure out 250%. It should be more like 140% (68/48).
Sector rotation into bread line
You guys a very fair weathered of course it would do this no on this day orange man out people watching football it can't go down its the playoffs people just got stimmy money and tesla in the news 900 eow
Where do you check this?
$TCNNF gang🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I almost bought it over a year ago but held off after being burned by CGC. I just bought it in last Monday for essentially the same reasons laid out here. I may need to buy some more after this confirmation! To the 🌙🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Also in Cresco Labs $CRLBF.
I'd be buying way OTM calls on the New York Giants
Positions?

PENN $100c 4/16
OKTA $270c 2/19
APHA $8.5c 2/5
CLOV $20c 12/17

NIO $55p 1/22
Holding a bunch of calls but I’m ready to go shopping tomorrow
Biden is meeting with JP Morgan Thursday to let them know that the 100 year bull run will continue
First 72 hours are the hardest, and then the first ‘test’ where you are put in a situation where you are essentially forced to break your diet.  If you can get through those and if you can go 3 months you can do it forever
If u buy qs why this gas model.. support be an tsla roaster
Yeah fuck this; the amount of money we collectively piss away on the fucking *daily thread* will keep the lights on.
I bought a share of tesla with all my nio winnings at the end of friday because i wanted to be a cool kid. Did I fuck up 😢
BABA up 2% in hang seng

CCP no 1
Never heard of it. Tell me more of these rumors and rumblings.
Remember when everybody thought steelers were untouchable? 😂
your post said nothing about tesla
HERE COME THE BEARS SLITHERING OUT THE WOODWORK LIKE THE SNAKES THEY ARE
Dollar looks ready to bounce. 2K stimmy checks prob won’t be in the market before the dollar bounces. Rising dollar = lower stonks. Go back and look at the last correction in the market. Dollar was bouncing then just like it is starting too now.
As is tradition
$VGAC, everything Branson touches makes money.
Motor City checking in
Let's go these nio puts going to print
i made a post about crossing a threshold for total net worth in here, and a day later i'm getting random messages from like 4 separate throwaways. Some just "want to talk cause i'ma frequent WSB contributor" another asked what I studied. FYSA all, pretty fucking sus to me, be careful.
Bears happy about finally breaking even on VXX calls 😂
$ROPE
Cleveland-Cliffs - all good.
LOL, what a tard. He is implying that RH traders have the ability to pump a stock belonging to the 5th largest market cap company in world. I am not sure whether to be happy or sad about this.
Why would they be?
Imagine being a bull and a Steelers fan tonight 

s h a m b l e s
I will say that his English was a *little bit too good* for someone whose explanation of why they spoke very good English was that they learned it in grade school. The only Chinese people who write English that well would have typically said they went to an *international school* in China that had native English speakers as teachers.

If he only went to school in the US for a few years for college, odds are that there would have been a few more phrases that would have sounded off.

But honestly, he could have just not wanted to sound like he was bragging about being from a wealthy family.

I'm honestly not convinced the dude was a CCP shill so much as a random Chinese person who loves the CCP which is like 95% of people in China.
Where are you guys getting 15:1 margin? 🤔
Too much activity on Tesla. No matter what happens a lot of people are going to lose.
[deleted]
Bonds are only smoke signals sorry. Call up TD and your resident Native American will get it going
Cuck
Safety
RSI at 97 according to Stock Dweebs.

nothing can possibly go wrong, the Retard Safety Indicator is at 97!
I’m very new to trading and just started researching. So to understand it, he bought a put option valued at $710 that expires on 1/15/2021. If the price doesn’t drop below $710 by the 15th, then he will lose money. How much money does he lose?
Newbie traders often do book gains too quickly but a far worse fate is booking losses too slowly.
I’m fuckin with the $45’s... it accounts for some fuckery in the mean time
is this a a joke?
171545732
And another 20% who buy puts at the bottom
CALLS ON BROWNS
Futures must have had money on the Steelers. Yikes.
🤔 🤔 🤔 when to sell my VXX call for that purpose 🤔 🤔 🤔
Ewww I hope not
Everyone saying it’s going to be red tomorrow are the same retard mfers who have the biggest pussies here.
Yea this isn’t boomer street bets
Step 1: start with $1mil+
If you’re Biden why would you announce anything on Trump’s watch?
[deleted]
Rotation out of big tech and into EV
[deleted]
LOL I dont have a position yet but I'm a fan of Ackman and I have a tendency to acquire shares that WSB shills.
Damn, good for you man. I feel so depressed reading these posts, I hope you have fun brother.
🐻 bear orgy tn dm for addy
Will the 10K I have on the sidelines come into play tomorrow to average down calls? Time will tell. It’s likely bears are still very fukd 

Something something red at night bulls make money regardless
You idiot’s resolve is what gives me strength. I’m gonna get to 500 by EOD tomorrow.
I’m a Steelers fan, puts on the rest of my week
[removed]
Another great point
Long dated? Then no
Friday?
Futures don't matter if they don't validate my position
😦
You don’t need any of that shit
Until subway happens
Sounds like how Mike Tyson would call a cat.
'down 1%' tends to wipe out almost 50% of this sub
Accidentally holding baba calls expiring this Friday...fuk
If SPX closes below 3600 by EOW I expect my flair to be “WSB VILLAIN” or something gayer than that.
The government can definately come after you when you threaten murder, assassination, and plot coup attempts.  Why do people not understand that the 1st amendment actually doesnt mean you can say anything...
*whipped* 
to take, pull, snatch, jerk, or otherwise move very quickly and forcefully whipped out his gun

*wiped*
remove or eliminate (something) completely.
Calls on BRO
Calls only
I honestly don't remember the last time futures were red like this and wasn't green the same day
I remember -5.00% futures turning into green by open over the spring/summer
TDOC extremely undervalued IMO
Berkshire Hathaway Energy, which in turn has a subsidiary called MidAmerican Renewables.
[removed]
 1/15 calls that are up 300%... damn it 😂
How is this guy still relevant? And he’s still obsessed with TESLA? LOL
[deleted]
[deleted]
Value to outperform tech next 4yrs minimum.
TSLA disabled Trump's Tesla autopilot.
Keep it up!
yolo. every year you have one less birthday.
quick question...when you sold and profited. what is a good buy back percentage off your profit?
PLTR leaps and shares, october 2020
Dead bear bounce. All time high by lunch tomorrow
Yep. I got about half my retirement savings in cash atm. Just for a dip
Thank fucking god I didn’t sell Friday
To the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
streaming basketball and i see the side chat bar has people discussing shorting Tesla or their next tesla play, autism is everywhere.
So what’s the difference between Friday and today which is causing this drop.
TESLA GIRLS   
TESLA GIRLS
Steeler fans on sucide watch
It's actually famed american intellectual jordan peterson
How dare they ruin things for institutional traders
Chiefs
Someone bought calls
Garbage... 🤥
Welcome to every Sunday night here at WSB
I have puts on SPY and calls on VXX.
[deleted]
yinzers in shambles
How is baidu doing in china
I’m whipping it out right now
Lmao. There’s some weird shit on that sub.
Anyone heard the rumor about Biden announcing subsidies for EV makers this week?
[deleted]
So the company actively shutting down underperforming stores (like they said they would) is a bad sign?

If digital was even close to replacing physical games the hardware manufacturers would have eliminated the disk drives ASAP. 

“Short everything this guy touches”

Your DD is shit.
no they don't lmao
ANOTHER PICK LOL WTF
Wtf does a price target matter if you don’t know the valuation you are getting on the company
How many interceptions is Ben gonna throw 😂😂😂😂
We better hope not
Boomers will pile into NIO tomorrow
[deleted]
Im buying the dip for es
Sir, this is a casino
[deleted]
Yes
How many accounts are going to $0 if the market drops more than 1%?
I mean this isn’t really accurate. You bet 3k with an upside advantage of 15:1 leverage. But if the stock goes against you, you only lose your premium so you don’t have the downside risk of leverage. This is just a fear tactic on the ignorant commentators that don’t understand options.
Foxhole caliber here
Love that i took profits and have free cash to buy dips
Go big! 🚀🚀🚀
Gz
!RemindMe 2 days
stocktwits is such a cesspool of depression lmao

" I pretty much count on when I'm too broke to buy more puts that's when it fslls, ." 

GUH
Billionaires don’t like to be upstaged by other billionaires. Which is why no one as prominent as Musk, Bloomberg etc. will go public via Ackman’s SPAC
[deleted]
On one hand I worry about the deficit

On the other hand, I did my thesis paper on Sears. You gotta spend money to make money. 

Bring on the stimmy babay
How fucked are my tesla 1/15 puts
And what about his bet on Herbalife?

That being said I still have $10k in PSTH because of the SPAC hype.
OP, you have 100 posts and all of them are about NIO. Do you by chance work for the CCP?
In my 8 years of trading I've never been correct making a play in anticipation of political chaos. But I think this might be my week...
But let’s be real the returns unless you have fuck loads of 100’s of shares are terrible selling covered calls
Depends on expiration
Cut your losses
People are going to be living in pods and eating bugs in 10 years and you people think they are all going to be driving Teslas.  lol.
Coz they are trouble free for exactly 9 months after purchase. Will cost you an arm and a leg after that till you eventually give up and trade it in for a Japanese car
[removed]
Thread so bearish all of a sudden. Spy calls at open
Do you remember last Monday? Futures were +1% and we finished down 2%
I already have 20k in calls bought on Friday dip 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🧟🧟🧟🧟
What's the r/lounge like? Is it everything they say it is?
Why nanodimension?
as i said earlier, gives them something to do other then fucking up the market. go for it waste more of our money on this shit just stay away from big tech ha!
Respect bears more than cash gayng, at least they're not pussies
That makes sense. I don't follow as closely usually
Why
This will not age well - history
Yo congrats!
You living under a rock between 1990 and 2005?
Yet
Boy, that escalated quickly.
😂
TSLA over 150 is overvalued
small caps been outperforming so they'll prob fall hardest hahaha
NIO calls ok?
Oversupply is a risk, and it's been seen in other places ( [Oregon](https://www.vice.com/en/article/ywag8j/oregon-has-way-too-much-legal-weed-this-is-where-its-going) as well as [Canada](https://grizzle.com/canada-cannabis-oversupply-endgame/))

California has been a bit of the wild west I think. From what I understand, there was basically no will to combat the illicit market. Apparently they still sold about [$3.8 billion](https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/01/25/the-10-top-selling-cannabis-states-in-2020.aspx) in Cannabis in 2020. To be honest, the competition in California is what makes me shy of choosing a company like Subversive Capital (big in Cali) and makes me relatively underweight Cresco (acquired Origin House in Cali) although I still like em. 

One day I'd like to a deeper dive to understand the market there better. I know it's like the holy grail for branding.
Eh, if he's really a Chinese citizen this would be an extremely widely held opinion. 

If the CCP has to resort to pumping NIO on WSB then I guess they're in some seriously dire straits.
Im a Pittsburgher and sad as fuck right now
[removed]
If it’s really want you to splurge on then go for it
Buying more GOEV calls

Apple Car rumor has me rock solid

500 shares and 36 Feb 20C
If an NFL team were leaps which option are you buying for 2023?
Technical Analysis is just a tool. It shouldn't be used by itself. So yes, just going off ONLY technical analysis isn't good. But paired with other indicators and tools, it's great to have at your disposal.
I sold some $20 1/15 GH IV. Can’t believe there’s ppl that stupid out there lmao
Lmfao dude what are you expecting a meteor to hit overnight?
calls on UPS cause of browns
Angela merkel feet pics or gtfo
Obama turned my ps4 gay
There were Hedge Funds involved....
Puts on the Steelers
Just found out I passed my professional engineering licensing exam everyone.
I agree, I have spreads on Equinor and Exxon for q3.
I'm starting to think that people don't realize this, and suddenly my meme feels less funny...
Don’t understand how calls are effecting the stock price?
Most folks here have TSLA exposure directly, so the ARK’s outside of G and F can over-allocate that ticker
Double NAV is 40, Bloomberg has a 100+ PT
You mean like the one in Tiananmen Square on June 4, 1989?
Maybe market will stop buying/sell Tech, EV and clean energy and rotate into WMT RKT GHI-V and ADT which is my entire portfolio right now. Fingers crossed.
Wells Fargo FD’s is the move
The scariest part about these futures is it isn't a sudden drop, it's consistently falling and selling the green spikes immediately
Nice.
They came out with a more affordable sedan
Bet on it lmao
I’d say a lot more than 50% whip it out
A multi trillion dollar stimulus package announced on Friday with no market movement is priced in?
Flash sale
Curation and destination are important. I have multiple consoles. If you told me I could log onto GameStop.com and be sent games monthly either digitally or physically I would pay $10 a month easy.
Dude, I’ve never felt more confident in anything ever. I’ll 💎✋ these to $0, I don’t care. Just praying for some positive as I wipe away the “what if” PLUG and NIO tears.
I truly don't understand permabears. What's the point of a broken market? 

All I want is a 5-10% pullback after the ripper we've seen since November. I then want to buy the dip and chill.
I actually bought nio calls cuz I love money so suck on these balls bitch
If tomorrow is green I don’t want a single person to consider futes as an indicator ever again.
[removed]
1b self scrolling phones by 2021 - Muskrat
Tdoc long term is smart, I sell mad put credit spreads on that ticker
I’m holding TSLA puts.  Bears are not fuk.

Bulls who piled in last week are so, so very fuk.
have u heard of google wtf
What should I yolo tomorrow morning? Vix calls? Spy puts?
Rule 1) No blowing loads until after market close. 

Gotta keep that test high all day and unleash the beast after the bell.
Productivity from humans has dropped dramatically. We've advanced that much despite being the least productive generation ever. The good and the bad of automation.
He's definitely getting clues from this sub, and he ain't wrong. A large portion of Tesla investors are 30x leveraged with margin and options.
Be ready to spend that 10k on the next servicing!
Me. I also had some SLV calls and those lost all gains.
Lincoln MKS max package and a lifted Jeep that I drive while I wear chad shorts and boat shoes

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I dont smoke i am just from Pittsburgh. Only autistic about stocks
Tomorrow will be the day to go all in on TSLA 900C’s
2020 was the prequel. 2020 ONE is the first movie.


Soooo more circuit breakers in feb confirmed
Do we know what time GME reports holiday sales tomorrow?
Thoughts on 45c 1/1/22 ? Or 35c 4/16
where do i look up futures at?
Not even down 1%. Breathe
Spy +1%, 99% of wsb users whip it out
Bought NFLX in 2008, sold in 2009 for double.

Bought TSLA in 2017, sold in 2019 for double.

Moral of the story: don't paper-hands and settle for 2x. Go with your gut.
As long as NIO is chilling like last Monday
Don't need no crash. Just need a fat 5% gap down so my puts and UVXY calls can print then I'm going to buy calls lol
He bought puts on tesla
Why? It’s happened countless amount of times
Qqqj long term?
If BABA is at 300 before Feb I will pledge my allegiance to the CCP and BLM
He's whining in /r/aznidentity about how it is anyway.
Cohen believes in his play enough to drop $150m on it, I can manage holding a measily 1500 shares. This is definitely a long term hold though. Sell some fd's and average down.
By 9am should be back your standard green
On today's episode of How Fucked Up Is Fucked Up: that's fucked up
"theyre all retarded" lmao
What?  They were claiming to be living in China, after spending a few years in the US \(to explain their English ability\).  I'm not talking about any of their skills.
This is what is going to wreck equities fyi
Futures don’t matter
Tesla is gonna bring spy down fat
Some of yall really bought at ATH after we rally up 20%+ with zero leverage, and it really shows.
Explain it to me like I am 3 months old.
Me hope it prints
Everything is Robinhood’s fault, including Tesla’s meteoric rise **and** apocalyptic downfall.
Trump impeachment bullish yeah?
How is -.38% blood red?
Bet some of them made a lot
Twitter & Amazon poots
I forgot that it was 17 yr olds that caused 2008. Now they're causing this too with their $300 acct???
Puts on China
Or, maybe it is. What do I know
But what’s the SPAC ticker for it?
No ticker that is the sound you make to call cats is a viable ticker
what does futures refer to?
Oh like the pt cruiser? Get out of here nerd.
Lmao
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/kibblerz|[TMUS to the moon](https://redd.it/kurnmg)
/u/drty_heroic|[I'm going full Yolo on SNDL](https://redd.it/kurp2l)
/u/drty_heroic|[I'm going full Yolo on SNDL](https://redd.it/kurp2l)
/u/d_emo|[Highest upvote I buy options for](https://redd.it/kus07x)
/u/shb125|[Tesla is Cracked](https://redd.it/kusfrs)
/u/asdfredditusername|[I have $10,000. Should I go ICLN or QCLN?](https://redd.it/kushwd)
/u/Neighbor_|[CCP ONLINE](https://redd.it/kusigf)
/u/Sudden-Document773|[On the fence about this stock picking website - finthink.net what do you guys think?](https://redd.it/kustgd)
/u/vovhunden|[Glass vial producers](https://redd.it/kusu8j)
/u/godnightx_x|[Anyone else get hyped AF for market open Mondays?](https://redd.it/kusw3l)
/u/setrada|[PLTR 🚀 🚀 🚀 also, what is everyone's thoughts on 5g emerging and palantirs role in shifting through data for the gov?](https://redd.it/kusw2z)
If its Subway ill get a cutout of Bill, a footlong meatball sub and get a nice shot of him fucking me in the ass with it
I mean nothing they said is wrong, TSLA is pretty overpriced, the day/week/month it corrects with be the downfall of the western society since we have autistic running the only country that matters in the west, America.
Word i know people have been going hard over the past 2-3 years, but never sparked my interest. Thats about to change
Horse trolley?
[deleted]
Yea man buy the belt
Let's hope so, haven't had a tesla sale in ages. Need more shares before the inevitable pop to 1000, then 2000, and beyond!!
Is this legal?
If any stock should be green tomorrow it should be NIO, but probably won’t happen. As stated before “sell the news”
1TDE at close or 0TDE is the way
Isn’t he aware of “Can’t go tits up”
[deleted]
I mean double NAV or double to $60? Depends Stripe yes, anything else nah
What a stupid move wtf
Didnt this guy lose millions and get fired for shorting TSLA?  

That's the worst kind of autist.
🐻 coming out to party 🎉
Mmm put a flute in my ass
Cash gang all the way
Global pandemic, new virus mutations, massive ammo and gun shortages, civil unrest on both sides, big tech going balls out on censorship purging thousands of people,  the fucking president of the United States can't even speak publicly anymore, stock market in a massive bubble, cryptocurrencies at all time highs, inflation spiraling out of control..and still Bears are Fuk.
Also curious
?? It's looking very likely they do lose how much autism did you smoke today
Big money said F this
It’s like Aflac for Medicare patients.
Futures dumping cause of big tech fucking Donnie. 

Guess who didn’t fuck over Donnie yet? TSLA 🌚🌚🌚🌚
Don’t worry about it go to bed and wake up at 9:25 to make your decisions
It was man made because what, of a level 3 biolab being in Wuhan? You’re a fucking retard if you really think that’s good enough reasoning

Mango man really gave y’all brain disease
Calls calls calls
Calls on fluor if true
Well worst case scenario at least my losses will be limited to like -20% thanks to VXX hedge
how ? did you buy uvxy ?
3 trillion dollar stimulus lets fucking go! TSLA $3500 EOY
[deleted]
I have 20k on it
Got plenty of shoes and jackets
INTC poots, UVXY calls around 9AM.
Yeah. These futures ain’t turning by morning. Sorry boys.
Haha green by open fuck you gay ass bears 

Once again futures will prove to be worthless
Yes
🙄
already in MT B)
Stage 3 m550i > m5 comp anyday
pelosi is a hag and pence hates gay bears. seems like uppies to me
I used to buy the dip. I still do, but I used to too.
Futures... blood red...
Smooth move Ajax.
90% of WSB is new every month
Stop playing around with hieroglyphics
All in tomorrow.
In on ICLN, TLR, TSLA, TDOC.

Uhhhhhh huhhhhhh honeyyyyyyyy
**Sunday 10 January 2021 - My Bot Update**

Edit:  I would personally do none of these, I usually wait until there's a  decent company which I know of. It's a waiting game. But the stimulus  announcement is on Thursday so it's unlikely we will see much red until  the end of the month.

Edit 2: Recently started doing this, look at post history for previous. Been testing for a while ultimately profit so far.

**Code Batch 1:**

* Quantumscape Corp (QS) - Hype stock, Solid State Battery - High Risk

**Code Batch 2:**

Call:

* FedEx Corporation (FDX) - Has been dropping for a while.

Potentially a call:

* Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc (INO) - High risk because pharma
* Visa Inc (V)
* United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)
* Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG)
We are getting levels not seen since mid-day on Friday. The horrrroorrrr D:
Bullish af
Tell that to the $8k I made last week trading VIX.
This event isn't going to affect the market.
[removed]
If 3770 breaks overnight we will RUPTURE tomorrow.
Where do yall like to go for futures quotes
Ideanomics and nanodimension it is
[removed]
Why are futures dumping wtf
will uvxy bagholders be rewarded tomorrow? 😥
fk fk fkkkkk
No you won't. They will only sell it fully loaded for $45k
MY NAME IS PETEY AND IN HAVE GIGANTIC BALLZ
He’s considered it
You think Tesla going to drop?
I think during big tech earnings until then, consolidation and a leg higher. 

You’ll probably get an analyst on CNBC calling a leg down if we are down a lot tomorrow. They always pull this shit.
[deleted]
I figured out what we are going to do in order to solve our fiscal crisis in America. Go to war with another country!!!! We will label them as terrorists and like the good samaritans we are we will destroy their infrastructure and leaders, plunder their treasuries to replenish ours (because let’s face it being the global peacekeepers isn’t cheap 😆). When we are thoroughly satisfied we will leave the area and rejoice with our new financial boom so nuclear families may afford the new Alexa spy device. Ah yes how I love my country USA 🇺🇸 what a great nation!!!
The stock market does not care if trump gets another 10 days
You haven't learned by now not to go against papa Elon?
Really? Sharing a tweet without any sources?
Market doesn't go red on Monday. Gotta set the week right. Rest of the week is up for grabs through.
No CCP posts until Jack Ma is found alive!
PSTH is an easy double on announcement, change my mind.
If it turns out Canoo is not going to be involved, do you think GOEV  will dump? Is the valuation right now largely because of this hopeful speculation?
Is this really the reason? Nobody seemed to care the first impeachment
SPCE SPCE baby.
The Moon, The Moon.

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Those are the delayed results, check investing.com.   dumppppping
Now kith!
Imagine thinking futures actually matter you dense cunts
if it isn't -2% by pre market it will reverse... this has been the case since March 2020
Puts on AAPL
Start putting more respect on cash gang in times like these. Not gay enough to go bear
Gonna have no steering wheel or seats for that price
A lot more clarity emerged yesterday/today re timelines, suggested production locations etc
This sub is too big now too many normies complaining. Money can't stop the c*cks. Reddit has banned a lot of the big money making subs because normans were offended.
[deleted]
There's no way this shit takes a dump....I've given up the idea that we will drop. You know, until we stop printing money.
get out of growth
Dickcorn going for a swim. A little dip if you will.
BRO 50c 1/15 for Browns
Tesla is crash resistant
Priced in
Omg we are where we were before the fake ass EOD pump on Friday. We good now.
I exclusively day trade, and 0dte SPX puts give me a boner, so yes.
What? The part about China being the epicenter of the man made coronavirus? And that they released propaganda around this time last year showing people freezing and dropping in the streets? What happened to that by the way? Oh yeah it was another scare tactic by Winnie
YES YESSSSSSS
Naked puts = Forced to buy shares...That was when the stock fell to $350 and I had Naked $420 puts (Pre split)
fUtUrEs DoN’t mEaN aNyThInG
Or just be lazy and go to [cathiesark.com](https://cathiesark.com)
Why the fuck are futures red? I thought we are about to get a fat new stimulus package
Wiiii  🚀 🚀 🚀
MULTITRILLION DOLLAR STIMULUS PLAN ON THURSDAY. Of course imma buy the fucking dip.
someone here said 30 year yields are up. maybe thats it?
Sell that trash and buy some nio.
If TSLA crash I’m loading up
It never is. 

I’ve created enough wealth that my kids kids kids kids would never have to work (if I had kids). And it’s still not enough to keep me out of the muck every day. 

I’ve had to train myself to self-care, because when I break down I break down hard...and then I’m no good to the gigantic pile of people that depend on me to be sharp and effective every day. 

Set goals. Meet them. Reward yourself. That is the healthy and sustainable cycle.
What if Tesla starts making smartphones though
Momentum is a very commonly used trading method used by quant funds and institutions. They use economic factor models to neutralize different systematic risks and then pick the top 10% year-over-year performers and buy them and short the bottom 10% year-over-year performers (% can vary) and hold for 9 months, since that’s the length of time that momentum is a most well documented to persist.

Note: Am a little autistic so keep in mind this may be very simplified

Edit: Also important to note there’s significant tail risk with crashes like 2000-2001, 2008-2009, and 2020. Although the bigger risk is actually during the recovery of those crashes.
it's ok everybody is fuk sometimes
If you’re smart you’ll wait for the dip in the morning and buy more calls because this 🐂🚂 is not stopping
NIO day was boring. Honestly was expecting more partnerships but just NVDA who TSLA already ditched. Sell the news my fellow american. Buy the hype.
Yes
Who bought poots last Friday
Almost as if, now hear me out, maybe he got lucky in 2020
This is a true cetaphil user, nobody buys it without cringing at the price. I’ll keep that in mind thanks fam
Idk bro we'll see
C o p e
😆
Mother’s Oral Making Orgasms
The entire point of this sub is to identify and celebrate retards like you.

Have an upvote, ya fuckin idiot. We love you.
No problem bro. Im glad to help. Im  gonna try the recipe u/kangadoood put out there. 

I feel like it could be delicious but the window of ideal texture is limited. If the original recipe he put out is legit, I’d like to through some poprocks in there...really try to engage all the senses. Not so much that it overwhelms the palate...enough for the dewmeal to still feel carbonated.
Enough DD for me, what’s the Sofi SPAC?
[deleted]
I’ll be over here countin my stacks if you feel like apologizing tomorrow.
U call this fun?
Even if we red, Buyden will send a green dildo through the market by Thursday
i need poots
Well you have to tell us the positions? Which SPAC
[deleted]
Futures = Fake
Sir this is a Wendy’s
“Fuck, does my toe look weird? Oh well. Pass the joint.”

- Also Bob Marley
Is this finally the week we actually drill?
can't stop, won't stop, big drop
Didn't Michael Ian Black do the dog puppet for the crazy commercials?
We only down .38% simmer down
if the dollar is worthless then companies 'make' more dollars which is very, very bullish
Why would someone buy this, since this share will probably not be $1000 by 1/15? I can see why this call made money, but I don’t understand why it sold. It pretty much says that the buyer of this call can buy 100 shares of Tesla stock at $1000 per share before 1/15, despite it selling on the market for a lot less than that.
are my tsm calls fuk?
MACDeez nuts. Hah. Gottem.
Way to assume my race, gender, and nationality. You truly deserve the soapbox that you stand so proudly on
Big fact
[deleted]
You’re asking the degenerates on this sub about indicators? Good luck
But why all the red dildos
Nah bruh. Keep the faith
Last year was your first year investing with 3k

You expecting us to believe you’re on a terminal?
[removed]
[removed]
Riley reed style .
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ItmY6XAVW9M
The content on this sub used to be amazing. Tesla's bull run has been a bit too much. I'm sure there will be some new ones soon enough.

I miss the dumb shit like somone's pet lizard picking the direction of the market, or the super high quality gifs, or Cameo videos.
Been warning of the close above the upper bollinger band on SPX’s 1y 1d chart Thursday, we tested the waters, printed a beautiful hanging man STILL above the upper BB on Friday. Tomorrow will be fun 🤵🏻🥂
I'm bearish on Tesla but to think it'll drop that low is kinda crazy
Well futures escalated quickly
ok I don't care anymore if I expose how retarded I am.  I'm just now doing my homework on options and I want to get in the game.  This means you bought a call of VIX with an exp date of Jan. 13th and a strike price of 22.00 correct?
The convertible was actually their first car...
EOW*
Which is good if you know how to play support levels
Oof, bulls may actually be fuk for once
I feel bad for you. No gains for gay bears
BOA Comes here for advice🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
holy fuck terminal, dawg you ballin
Great price at Costco.
but usually roller coasters go down before they get fun
there a chart for bond yeilds?
[deleted]
By 2026 stocks will only move up or down based on the word of Papa Musk’s Martians.
WE WILL BE GREEN BY MORNING
[removed]
Dump it
Oh I did and also know the following banks / research groups have placed these fresh price targets;
Merrill: $1.60 (not even I am that bearish)
Morgan: $3.50
CFRA: $5.00
Jeffies: Recent downgrade to Sell 

I just didn’t know CS was also that bearish.  And understand the last part of the article tried to give it a positive spin as they aren’t in the business of taking down a stick but let’s face it wasn’t a positive note at all
It will ***NEVER*** reverse, amirite?
I’d be actually sad
Is skinny Elon back?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Will small caps get slaughtered doe
What the hell, we are crashing on the futures
10:30am- 11am

But I have been holding my calls since November
The dollar being the world's reserve currency coupled with high corporate taxes made it prudent to move labor overseas.
stupid ass fucking bulls never learn. They say that they inverse wallstreetbets but they never do, they just fomo into more calls🤡🤡🤡
Guh. stop the count.
If they raised the kids right in the Chick-fil-A family that company will never be public.
🥭: “SAD”
It was fun while it lasted, but I can't hang around here anymore. This is a mob.
[deleted]
200+
Didn't the roof fall off a brand new Model Y last week?
Tech way overheated. Yet Tech still down the least of all other indices lmao
cream always rises to the top baby
This is some good double Ds
Defined date & partner for EV production after initial buzz subsided on lack of detail
How fucked are my tesla 1/15 calls
September 3rd - like rug pull happening tomorrow
She's better than Warren Buffett ever was.
Got $100 on the browns lookin good. Got another $100 on Ohio State, idk how I feel about that.
Bro yes if looking hella unlikely but not impossible
VIX futures up 3.75 well well well. Those VXX lottos looking less and less like lottos
Bulls in shambles.
What does this mean?
BLOOD RED FK
Yes, there's definitely some misunderstanding about how shorting works, but if you look at it from the perspective of what the company acknowledges then it may very well be more shorted than stocks that actually exist because there's actually only 70 million of them as far as the company is concerned. If you include synthetic positions then no, it doesn't. Again, it's just a matter of which perspective you take. But you can't show up to a gamestop vote with 130 million shares, so from a voting power perspective there's a real issue if it comes to a vote.

For instance say there is a material vote that forces a full recall, I believe institutional ownership is estimated at 77M shares or 110% of actual outstanding shares. What do you think is going to happen when all those institutions want to vote with their shares in a major proxy battle? I honestly have no idea because you can't vote with 110% of shares, so someone is going to have to sell or there's probably going to be some crazy legal case that comes out of this restricting shorting. Either way it paints a pretty bad picture of the short situation showing how crowded it is. When you tack on the fact that it's been on threshold security list for almost a month now it seems real sketchy.
I’m guessing he turned it into 20k?
The little guy represents the new users finally realizing to “inverse” the DD
How do I close a credit spread when the spread lost its value (went to 0, which is good for me)? I can't buy it back using Robinhood because it's less than a dollar.
Wmt gonna moon
I knew the top was in when my retarded friend said he is getting the hang of options now
Put on your SCUBA gear we are exploring the ocean bottom together
Yeah. Love sports betting. Been doing it for about 10 years. I went 0-2 in NFL today but I’m on the browns and they’re up 28-0 so I’m about to make my losses back for the day. Lol. Break even on the day.
If they ban this sub, who's going to prop up the market?]
Yeah you’re a fucking douche
I'm worried for my CMPS calls
Thanks, love your username, may you bounce along a river of green dildos
you cannot buy vix
I hadn’t thought about the implications of AWS controlling the majority of infrastructure and the ban they put in place.


On one end - fuck Nazis. On another end - don’t tell me what I can and can’t say.
My 2k shares @ 20 avg agree. I will buy up to 100. It’s free money, roll calls!!
Too long didn't read
Uhhhh this is bad.
SPX will print 3600 this week.
I know. This stock is gonna fly IMO short term and long term.
hop in a mo fuckin jet like jet
This whole DD is subject now, Steelers getting smoked in the first quarter 28-0. Ya done fucked up
Something something bears delight
Maybe a grand?
A belt is a belt to me man idk bout that I’d buy a nice jacket or watch or shoes
i am so proud of this community
This means something and I must know what
You also forget that these funds are yoloing their entire accounts on 0dte Tesla calls.. they play conservatively to try and get steady gains over time.
That’s hilarious
🤯Are you unaware on what's going to happen to Nio? Ptlr gang!
I have puts and this isn’t even making me happy bc I know it’ll recover by open
Yo - which SPACs?
Really no good reason other than metals being heavily manipulated. Good reason to own physical gold and silver. One day the spring will pop and silver will go from $25 to $150 overnight. Gold will go up a ton too but not as much as silver. Too bad it’s nearly impossible to time because banks control the price
$30 April expiration 😎
Error derrr
He can post a gimped version with:


print("fetching data. Please wait.")

time.sleep(100000)

data = requests.get(...)
Where my GigaChads at???
1000 EOD tomorrow
👌🏼
Common knowledge bud. Ice cream tastes great too!
Manipulation
Yep I’m the former 😌
Tesla defies market sentiment
100% dumping steel because of the steelers turning into the browns cumrag
:)
But it is more shorted than available stock exists. Meaning the float is all the shorts have to work with to cover.
Haven't yet found out what flair are. Calls on my amazing reddit experience
I'm seeing a lot of Tesla, Boeing, Nio and NVDA news on my bloomberg terminal weekend alot.
Futures are red on Sunday nights cuz Bulls are busy boning broads before work Monday, while Bears are sitting behind their computers angry AF from never getting laid, shorting stonks. 

Calls on green by morning once the Bulls wake up to BJ’s and then buy stonks.
My portfolio is already up 5% this week thanks to my VIX calls.  It’s fucking awesome to see money coming in the door on Sunday night.
Thanks bro appreciate the free money
Until they randomly announce a split after hours and the stock gaps 10% and calls are up 1500%
The day before Papa Karp had his WaPo interview too. Really shit in our collective cereal. I can't wait until we can start our WSB community on Mars.
Most here are too poor to be able to afford them
Holy fuck the red dildos are not stopping
Gl man. I hope you 10x your portfolio
https://landing.coolermaster.com/kfconsole/
i am fuk
What time is the best
She's the epitome of the bubble
Yeah, free bar money for me while getting 20% in a week. Not a bad deal.
If you have to ask...
Just found a screenshot from when it was SP 500 -300 or something. Good times those were
Yes
Im cool losing a cool 10% tomorrow 🧐
hahaha nobody was expecting this.. I just thought it was hilarious now that this happened. Thought it would be close but football has more variance than the markets so shit happens
Too many boomers and institutions preventing a true retard fueled FOMO rocket
Saratoga Performing Arts Center Man?
Seems like no one has noticed that 30 year yields have quietly mooned
Then we will go to war to replenish our treasures. Dumb fucker
The things we do for numbers on a screen
We already have this but it's been down for a week and is only for WSB so I'm glad OP is getting started on a replacement.

http://wsb.gold/public/dashboard/5aaaf624-7563-4c89-9f69-a91cc069acc2
Yes actually after tomorrow.
Y’all know red futures are historically bullish right? Or we just ignoring that detail?
Yeah....... I don't think Alex Jones and truth really go together well
Corvette Corvette
I wanna see at least 250 by end of year.
As she always does when it goes over 10.5%
[deleted]
That’s the one she uses for herself 🤢
Bullish. Many will sell, but it offers a great buying opportunity.
naughty naughty you futures teasing me
TSLA calls dude
Guh? Oh wait I'm a bear this week. Gahah!
🩸 🩸 🩸
My 1/21/22 100p would be happy to say the least
Will probably break 3100 this week
Never hold over weekend
Only thing mooning in the futures tonight is US Coffee. 

Literally, it’s up big right now.
Why tf is gold tanking. I’m so lost
Found the owner of Puts
20% gains in 1 week. I think I’ll live.
Why is nobody talking about NVDA calls?
Anyone with long balls have chair they can recommend where there is like pouch or opening on chair seat to keep your balls? Also long AMD, ABNB, SNOW, GOOL
California is a perfect example of what I am saying. We have way too much cannabis than our market can absorb. Not just flower either.  It’s literally everywhere, for free.
Hopefully he buys Gamestonk calls
3/17 25c x3
The cheaper version of a sex doll.  Just put that pocket pussy in the cup holder.  😂
Everyone is just in a good mood cause their TSLA FDs printed this week
Puts are really cheap
I appreciate this information.
We'll see. If your are banking on Cleveland but to cone m choke, you must have missed a few games this year
They are HELLA BEHIND. No apple car happening. This was announced last week and no moment
No, those are just gentrifying pieces of shit.

That was Corktown, which gentrified before everything else.
[deleted]
I tried to wish the red dildo away and I failed 😞😞😞
VIX +4% this early always means blood fucking red open next day. bulls are fucked
If it opens green then sells off, some retails can hand the bags to other retails. If it opens red, all retails lose.
TSLA might open below $500 🥰
So you mean they can’t have non-chinese shills?
That 3 month chart looks like this may be one hell of a week.
All or nothing
Already holding
When they cum for you
Howbout puts?
They won't touch anyone sub for the mentally handicapped
get ja rule on the phone
I want to learn sports betting have you made some tendies
Thats what I was thinking
Yeah, don’t get in at open
ARK and PSTH plz save me tomorrow
Idk why but I have such a hard time spending money on myself..  Idk. Almost my birthday and I’ve been eyeing this Hermès belt. (I just really like Belts) Do I splurge or nah?
nah their tech doesn't do shit
Have you ever met the man that bought Apple for $2?  

You should see what he's buying now.
TSLA is going to crash so hard haahahahahhaha. Can’t wait to see it. Everyone knows it’s insanely overvalued and yet the hogs still want more gains out of it instead of finding a new stock. Hogs always get slaughtered :)
You don’t. You stay cash and never use margin so you avoid margin calls
im dead
Down -50% Monday 1pm 😂
USA No.1 baby PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
Oh man too many people sure of green by open has me legit worried for my fd calls
Canopy also has an American company that they will own once American legalization hits and they've been building in the states for a while now. 

&#x200B;

They are an absolute shitshow of a company though, they built a huge new facility in Vancouver and then decided they didn't want it the day it opened. Then it mysteriously burnt down.
Also this is Wallstreet bets sir this is a casino...
[deleted]
whats making you say that it'll go down?
The problem is my main account is stupid shit as well and I like Robinhood margin rates and settlement, ui, etc.
Social medias don't always put revenue first. Twitter just torpedoed it's biggest cash cow. Reddit also banned few of the most active subs.
[deleted]
Yeah, I see no problem with this.
DIX been trending up, big money is scooping up all the dips. Only worry when DIX starts trending down and goes below 40%
Red futures. Which will actually hold up because I have calls. A lot of calls.
100% or nothing
Okay i stand corrected looking at this game imma shut up
Everyone just STOP or I’ll shoot my load on ya.
Back to back mondays. Tough scene. 

TSLA 905 @ open.
It’s still not red enough! Stop the count
[deleted]
[deleted]
That’s right! I work in the sewer and septic industry. It is recession proof and constantly prints money. It’s dirty and is 24/7 but we get to set our prices and people pay. It’s not sexy but it does more than just pay the bills.
You guys act like Biden aint drafting up a $4T stimulus plan. You should be buying every single dip from here on out

Red day = cheaper calls
TSLA puts will print.
Very lame and small penis energy confirmed
[deleted]
Tsla 03/19 400p bought on friday. Bbrrrrrr
deposit more money
Of course not
Kinda confused on the answer you are looking for. Alot of people are buying calls due to the stimmy pump and hype around the country going green. Calls = lots of risk if stimmy doesn't go through cuz potential dip then expiration.. Stocks =  less risk due to no expiration and lower volatility?
My UVXY calls HNGGGGGGGG
Don't worry buy the dip.

\-Bob Marley
[deleted]
As long as the market stays irrational Palihapitiya is right but WHEN reality sets in, which it will, at some point, Burry will be right. 

You won't be able to time when that switch will happen. The question is are we closer to the correction or how long can this bubble go on for?
18-22 in Milledgeville, GA particularly
TSLA $1100 By Wednesday
Hyundai Apple Car. This reminds me of when iPod and HP came out.

Buying calls but I'm not buying that car.
So don’t get in at open?
[deleted]
But he will be able to offset any capital gains without limits.
NVDA is also the biggest beneficiary of the run in “internet gold” because all the miners use NVDA.

And technical analysis wise it’s been consolidating for so long it’s either getting ready to pop or plummet, I’m predicting a pop so I have way too many LEAPS but I’m ready
Thanks for the info brother.
Hyundai maybe why the fuck is it bullish for apple
People used to joke about the iHouse. Apple was listening for ideas.
Are we... Going to the moon? 💎👐
Will the real futures please stand up
[removed]
Shit futures for real red
How do you check? Mine don't load after market close
CATHIE TAKE THE WHEEL!
Just search my comment replies. At least six saying the same thing. To each his own. I'll take my profits and move on
Oh boy it’s such a treat
Yes I love it
My dad works for xbox and in gunna lay the banhammer on you
[deleted]
Thats it DXY keep going you can do it sweetheart 😊
Brick and Mortar? Have you looked at PSTH’s target criteria? Have you looked at it’s top investors? They’re all Tech investors. Subway had always been a meme, weird to see people take it seriously as a target.
Futes, what you doin.  I though bear-baiting was illegal.
This is pretty much my take on anti-China rhetoric.

The US does or has done in recent history pretty much every action used to indict CCP in the court of western public opinion.
I'm buying 1100c at open so no. With stimmy coming this thing will break 1000. 📈
Cathie wood secretly a man , still smash ?
I cant consume them because i put every penny back into the market ):

Idk when it will be enough
Is there any real reason we’re this red? Or just panic selling paper handed ‘jama traders?
If?
I check Futures way too often. Fuck
That's actually a great point, applies to me as well. Between this and the other comments in this thread, I'm sold.
I was less than impressed with Basil Rye honestly. Would rather drink Bulleit rye than that. If I can find sazerac I want that or Pikesville. 

I’m going to a couple stores to find OF rye tomorrow now!
Why did nobody tell me the simpsons was funny as hell
I was watching live on discord. Very rarely do weekly or even daily options but when they broke the doors down I got a 378 put and made 3k in 30 min.
Oh yes
Maybe holding TSLA calls over the weekend wasn’t the right play lol
Bear cocks
Yeah, I'm sure a 25 bp rate increase is going to completely fuck the equities market.

jesus fucking christ
GUH
The iCar mini
It's morning working hours in mainland China--watch wumao come online and mass downvote this thread.
Chill and let her take the wheel
rock with both. don't rock with weeklies
Just popping in to say green by morning
Yeah probably lol I’ll bet the over tho
Cooling RSI before pumping to the moon later in the week before Biden gets in.
Bears coming to play on Monday. 66% chance on a 34% chance of a 100% chance. Fucking math bra
[removed]
Zoom calls spy puts at open
The Bears lost and we all know bears are fucked. If the Steelers loose, is Steel Gang fucked?
[deleted]
Tomorrow either goes up because of ICR or triggers an eventual response for RC and goes up then. I’m confident this goes up, just a matter of time. A little sprinkling of short squeezing too....
This company just crushed their highest delivery estimates and is transcending the Chinese EV market.  You missed the train.  Guess you better buy the dip.  I was holding shares for a while and finally went for the options just for NIO day.  😂
VIX will run 25% tomorrow easily
You pray the gods you got so lucky.
whats making you say that RN?
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My breath
[deleted]
Is baba gunna be ok
This is good news for Tesla.  Maybe their stocks will finally start going up.
Suck her titty.
[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/nfsyjzgg2ma61.gif?format=mp4&s=599a86851e7d01aa073fa946993ffefcfdbeef34)

---
This mp4 version is 97.91% smaller than the gif (1.31 MB vs 62.66 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2
Imma sell this boomer FB shares and buy more NIO
Calls on my 30k apple shares
Yo wtf spy ur supposed to open green and sell off during the day to hand the bags to retail
Rebalancing
>Nikkei 225

Always secure profit. Always
Get rich
[deleted]
Is buying 1/15 1080C TSLA dumb on Monday?
Ex-wife now I assume
Rip my calls
Steelers are most overrated of all of them
food is for boomers?
So you don’t know the difference between market cap and enterprise value?
KOSPI mooning damn
They will dilute way before it gets to $100 man. That's easy money for CCP. Look at baba, magnitudes bigger. Can't hang there without CCP getting involved. Good luck though
Dude football was dogshit today
I still can't quit him.
Make money for once
 🍉
love you too homie
[removed]
They are focusing on Medicare patients from my understanding by providing options with a few simple assessments (AI). It used to be listed as IPOB SPAC.
And now trades under CLOV.

Chamaths is also bringing Sofi via SPAC so that’s the next move.
"thanks for making me feel better, friend"

\-pete carroll
Oh you’re fuked lol and I’m a Tesla bull but you might get fuked
[removed]
I must be the only one that misses normal sedans. It looks like someone sat on it.
you tell her thank you
Why not DoD?

Thanks for sharing your work.
Jeeeeezus Small Cap take it easy man
dude tsla calls are crazy expensive for next week
Absolutely fucking *drilling* ... to -.3
Lol the shorts are so terrified that they're paying for hit pieces now
GUH
Every week
Abusing Robinhood infinite leverage glitch was kinda innovative
I understand where you’re coming from and you could definitely be right, although I’d say that I believe market movement is largely based on expectations and I would consider stimulus a positive catalyst in the long run. So definitely on a daily basis this could hold true but on a longer time frame say a week to a month I believe the market will react positively. My only concern is Trump throwing a more tantrums or the new strains gaining steam that the new vaccine is not effective against which is a huge possibility I believe.
I can jerk off to this. Keep going 🥵
What if your brain has no wrinkles?
[deleted]
At some point, dropping a 100k on a car is a drop in the bucket.
😂😂😂😂 facts.
proof?
Nice
Wait until you see next weekend...
How much more can plug go up though... it’s already gained a lot from the recent news
[deleted]
Cathie Wood hacks your robinhood account and starts yoloing your portfolio, what do?
It’s gotta split first
what are people looking at when they're saying its red right now?
Uh oh lol
But ICLN has had quite the runup lately. You might want to let it cool down before buying to get a good entry.
I see these flairs everywhere, what do they mean?
Yeah idiots are going to get shot when the break into the capital. Are you surprised?
Futures red, bears ar ded

Futures green, good for your peen 🍆
Yes stay fucking single
I bought TSLA 01/15 last week I’m chilling
Who tf thinks futures matter? We’ve all seen them to deep red at 10:30pm Sunday only for market to open green on Monday. This is easily able to and has in the past reversed.
[deleted]
I'm buying calls at open. This things going to 400 eow
11am. if you FOMO at open your ass is grass
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have to do it on a desktop.
When you run out and don’t want to ask your girl for more, don’t accidentally buy the gentle skin cleanser. If you eventually make the mistake you’ll think of this comment and be like ‘holy fuck, he was right’
great idea
Less than 1% 🥱
NIO
No one knows for weeklies, if monthlies, TSLA or ARKG calls
Heaven is coming
The Fed doesn't give a shit that Biden's president now.  They have a dual mandate and all it takes is for them to hint at raising rates to fight this absurd growing inflation and this bubble is going to pop hard.
He also turned $2.6 million into $27 billion in 2020.. let’s see your returns
[removed]
This is the end isn’t it ?
Lmao
Afraid of the truth?
Buy Lowe's. Biden's infrastructure bill will include tax credits for people who upgrade their windows, doors, insulation, and APPLIANCES etc to energy efficient materials. These savings will then be used to upgrade every aspect of your home. Did you read his campaign plan and Builld Back Better plan for the economy?
I don't feel so good guys...
[removed]
Bc it can make you money
I bought a good quarter of mine at 20 and I'm not worried the rest I just got at 17.20. 

Monday I'm throwing in another 100.

Idk I'm probably restarted but I trust billionaires more then myself so yolo lol
#🍉 GONNA FIND OUT YOU BEEN TALKIN SHIT
Poor man energy
leaps or shares?
[deleted]
Think CRSR has room? Was looking at it but on the fence now
What time does ICLN turn its printers on?
Oh we red red
Haha perfect! Come see why Papa_Elon is in the top 0.69% on OnlyStonks
Bought 30c at $2.50 🙌🏼
Commiepoors in Hong Kong not matching BABA's jump in the US. Please CCP execute these nonbelievers.
So you are saying we make a WSB'$ political party so we can make even more memes?
This. Barron’s just posted a hit piece the other day. Monday is melvins last stand
Chart looks sexy tbh
If you believe in the squeeze if GME dip you can mortgage your house and buy more
If you're scared stop buying shares. Seems like the general consensus is hold long though.
Was just about to type this
Oh I’m fucked
They’re so dumb that they actually think Jpow is helping them😂 when in reality he’s doing irreparable damage to the US dollar and is going to destroy the value of their life savings
I'll admit I don't know much about them, but if I'm not mistaken they are an cannabis accessory play focusing on technology right? Something like Customer Relationship Management software for cannabis but probably more robust and cannabis-specific. 

I'll be honest, my overall investment strategy is mainly to ride a hype wave to big uplistings. The accessory plays are a bit too unproven for me and I don't know if they capture the imagination of the average retail investor. I get there could be value here (my background is in healthcare tech and data) but my gut just tells me it's too out of alignment with my strategy. 

The NASDAQ listing is certainly nice and one or two analysts I respect seem to really like KERN.
There’s really people here dumb enough to buy that
[deleted]
😂😂 you got me
What's not to love in Subway, cheap footlongs are best bang for the buck, calorie wise.
Wtf...
How do
Bit of a slog that one
Jared duh
I see. Thanks.
As is tradition
[removed]
I'm completely convinced this sub is the last place comedy and free (from twatards on all sides) speech  still exists. I'd give you more than one thumbs up but one is stuck in my ass and can't get it out
It’s literally Sunday night at 9pm and bears already calling Monday red. 

Haha see ya in the PM trenches.
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Agreed. His last two years were good, but the several before that were Abysmal
I just pray us retards will be blessed by Papa Cohen tomorrow... GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You hate to see it, but love to make fun of it
Why should I give a shit about you giving a shit about PSTH?
how much can wsb viewers influence the stock market of electric car companies...? we ain't talking about penny stocks here
This did not age well
https://i.imgur.com/DPGXUlJ.jpg

Here you go
I dont know why you're linking the same braindead tweet as op tbh.
this baby is doubling eoy easy
Puts on Pittsburgh
Shhhh don’t tell the smooooth brains
This isn’t the falcons are you kidding me 😂😂 to much is on the line
Finally found out how to add user flair.  Puts on my brain
pltr 420.69c
I was told that big tech CeNsOrShIp was going to send us back to the Stone Age. What happened? Is this it? -0.60%?
Id take as far out as you can. It depends on how much you want to pay for each contract.
THIS. I am always using a new account once or twice a year because I don’t care for karma and would rather stay anonymous
Red Mondays lookin like the new trend, aka free dip day
i have calls!
Plz don't go

Where would I go to make money when I supposed to be working?

I need you wsb
Is the were's jack Ma video CCP? That ones funny 🇨🇳🙌
All I know about stocks is the bogdanoff memes
Browns shitting on your calls
Think market will correct next two weeks so it will happen on trump’s watch and then Biden start with a rebound
This... is a little disheartening
Damn son you're fucked
He left us all on red son
I wonder what Jim Cramer's asshole smells like after a night of binge drinking and taco bell?
Dont check futures
I had no idea an arm could go up the ass like that holy fk
[deleted]
[deleted]
Isn't etf an investor thing?
NIO puts
I love a good scotch. But for the money you just get so much more value for bourbon. 

If you like rye what are your thoughts on Pikesville
hahahaha perfect response. id give you an award but i am poor.

&#x200B;

and not a smart spac man apparently
All those Tesla gains about to be wiped out from greedy holding of weekly calls over the weekend. The Wall Street bets cycle continues.
That’s what I’m thinking
Stale red vines can be slammed at the ground to shatter into shrapnel and protect you from enemies
They do because momentum stocks are really gonna feel it soon
Lmao all good brotha. That’s what we autists are here for. For “guidance” 🤡
If Elon posted this it would be god level
RIP 2021-2021
Tinder gold
Actually, them banning conservatives and forcing their hand early plays to their (and all social media's advantage) because conservatives will bounce around to other, buggy / sketchy platforms before they slowly trickle back in from dissatisfaction. If they had waited a well organized platform for conservatives would have emerged and been a real threat to their bottom line.

I truly feel it'll go down a bit, then "money is fake", new feature, new feature, integrate content (who knows, small business nonsense with square) then bam. It's x10 in 5 years.

They don't need everyone, just the right people with $.
[removed]
Good luck, the announcement of earlier 25K Tesla EV is likely going to wreck your puts. The decision to hold or flop is going to be tough after open.
Ryan Cohen leaving me on read, smh.
Can I be a negative Nancy and ask for a NSFW tag.
Red pre-market is bullish guys.
They'll probably get complacent and Steelers will adjust at half time. Will be a one possession game by the end
its all im watching these days 😅my entertainment. I remember very few details of it when it aired 😬
Is this a recession?
This weeks going to be full of wtfs
Bigger the base the higher the rise? This has a decade of base. Clean energy is now and its getting a ton of new spending. Look what a billion did to plug! Could you imagine what a trillion does to the sector??!
Why should I give a shit about PSTH?
Numbers are only allowed to be compared when it’s in Tesla’s favor dummy. If it’s not in Tesla’s favor then Tesla isnt even a car company duh
I know very little about QQQJ beyond the fact that it stood to gain from the Biden Election.
Wait until it doubles this month,  then buy.
[removed]
Me when the
Many here not around during febs circuit breakers
It literally looks like they’re trying to lose
right.. juju's antics were "bad"       heh
Fuck yes
TA tends to be self-fulfilling. If something looks obvious to you, many others probably see the same thing and put in their limit orders around the same area, which suddenly turns into support/resistance.
Wait your saying I should of bought "Puts" what the hell are those.
Wasn’t that announced last Thursday/Friday?
Sundar too!!!!!!
Every person at a gas station, are you an astronaut?
Florida
It’s a good time to be an ICLN stock holder. You get great gains and get to collect premium on selling retarded calls. Got $160 on 4 $41 1/15 calls.
I’m assuming this is probably due to the underlyings IV changing , you can actually update that on that site if you drop the manual entry tab down. 

Hard to say when the right time to take profit is, tight butterflys don’t decay much until the very end , so you might not easily get filled. I would be more inclined to take profits early on a wide iron condor decaying at a steady rate than a butterfly which will lose most of the value in the final week
Yes
It’s not the acquisition or holding of tendies that eases the mind.

It is consumption.
Why was I such a greedy fuk and didn’t sell my Mara calls😩😭
They print more money to take in
If he does I'll buy calls because Tesla does the opposite of what you expect
Again, do I need to repeat: "Short Squeeze"?
Transfer your real port to a legit brokerage keep rh for stupid shit. That's what I do
What’s a good expiry for the LEAPS?
I usually just use my cum it works really well and it’s free
Adding $5000 on Tuesday what’s the play
over 12 hours to go before the market opens. We all know this could do a full 180.
How young?
absolutely
In fact I'm pretty sure the market chooses some people to specifically screw over.  There's a lot of collateral damage/winners but it sure gets that one guy/gal.
Welp. Looks like I’m going all in on this.
I love the thought that people will feel they can defend against an advanced alien race with their Glock 19.
[removed]
This shit will probably open flat and if not and by some chance it opens red, it's gonna moon to green by EOD
Mark my words. EV is a bubble. Even if everyone drives EV 10 years from now, don't see why it would be worth more than the entire auto industry. Especially since existing auto companies will adapt.
Don’t take that away from them. It’s all they got.
Bill Ackman has had a cumulative return of 51% since 2012. If you put your money in the s&p500 in 2012 you would have a return of 210%


FOMOers piling into PSTH thinking Bill Ackman has the touch of gold are in for a rude awakening. Specially after it ran up over 50% from its NAV. No it's not stripe, or bloomberg. It's probably some boomer brick and mortar store like subway, that's Ackman's specialty.
Is Amazon finally going to get it’s balls back and moon or just keep denying it’s gender and settle into overpriced Seattle life?
Imagine being a steelers fan that's balls deep in TSLA calls. You know there is at least one.
It’d be a 10 bagger
Then B33T 🚀🚀
Need more bear souls to fuel this bubble
Buy nio or arkg calls
I honestly don't know the exact correlation. I suspect we are leading them, and they are catching up to us?
It would be the most Cleveland way if they were to somehow lose this game
🌿🌿🌿🚀🚀🚀
AAPL gonna fly on the wings of the Hyundai announcement, so make your bets on what’s pulling the NASDAQ back ..
Im glad. Ive met one person who was from Pittsburgh, a girl in one of my masters courses. She was a bitch, and completely fucked up our presentation. Also a huge steelers fan. Fuck that city. Aapl 140 1/15
Maybe a /d/wallstreetbets on Dread?
I dunno but it reads 2024 for a production.
380 has fallen 😰😰
That’s what we want. If GameStop was 70% e-commerce/digital , 30% physical we would be set
[deleted]
Not op but

>We incurred marketing, promotional and advertising costs of $27 million, $32 million and $37 million in the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of which the majority is related to promotional activities.
Calls on sherwin williams
Will the auto chip shortage hurt tsla?
Bloom quoted from people familiar with the matter and this is the official announcement from BIDU
I just started posting my RH screenshots with all my trades and account balance on Instagram is that douchey
Wtf..
Public Service Announcement:  If you hold VIX calls, you get to watch your portfolio balance increase on Sunday evenings.  It definitely helps get me to Monday morning.  VIX 1/13 22c
I have a basic understanding of the greeks, but pls explain to me why those ICLN greeks are desirable.
Give me a double 9! 

Give me a double 8!
Yes
Niotards will eat the flesh of tesla bull 🧟
🏋️‍♂️🏋️⛓🔩⚙️🔧🔨⚒🛠⛏🛠⚒🔧🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Pltr
google
Gay boys gay boys whatcha gonna do
doesn't add up. OP please the read Ackmans criteria for the SPAC...
[deleted]
Love how the bulls only remaining hope is to completely destroy the U.S dollar where your massive stock market gains will buy you a loaf of bread next year in U.S.A.  aka Zimbabwe 2.0.
Lol browns
JADAAAAAA
!Remindme 6 months
Nope. Don't be fooled by after hours or your 25% loss. Tesla is going up tomorrow.

Edit: Oh, you have puts. Yeah you're fucked
Lets hope bears can stop teslas chubb tomorrow thats all i care about
Buying $1,000 Tesla calls now look fucking retarded haha
After the Juju shit and the incredible undefeated collapse I’m pretty sure most of America is happy about this outcome.
[deleted]
So just buy all the LEAPS? Would it make any difference if I bought ITM or OTM?
Gay bears coming out of the woodwork for TSLA. Unless you know better than Cathie Wood, STFU. I will follow Mama Cathie off a cliff if needed.
[deleted]
Dude my girl just got me some of that. Life changing.
Red scare with racism characteristics
Rothlisberger retiring after this?
So your telling me to stay single???
MGNI gonna shoot into the 30s
Just remember just because Tesla is viable long term, doesn’t mean it will survive a massive bubble bursting. Companies fold and Tesla is still not particularly profitable
True true 😂
Sorry mate. Im a noob with that kind of stuff and havent read up on how the merger would affect calls and puts.
[removed]
Four 1/15 870 Tesla calls bought Friday worth 15k at 17k at close
Twenty One BABA 3/19 250 calls up 40% 27k at close
[deleted]
Pffft who said watch it? Bet on it
If the us government keeptz printing more money then they take in 🧐
If you double a dollar twenty times, you make it into 1 million. 
1,2,4,8,16,32,64,128,256,512,1024,2048,4096,8192,16384,32768,65536,132072,262144,524288,1 million
r/dragonsfuckingcars
down less than 1 percent and you guys are crying. grow some balls
[deleted]
red red vines make me feel so fine keep on dropping all of the time
[removed]
Criticizing China is not racist. Literally every first world asian country shits on China.
Ok here’s the part where I go to bed and when I wake up market magically turns big green 🤗🤗 g’nite bulls, bears get fuk
It’s not cash

It’s CONFIDENCE
Damn, Nasdaq futures really down right now
[removed]
Hah. Gottem.
JuJu decided to become a tik tok star
>https://twitter.com/psth\_discovery/status/1348436110989529088?s=20

literally
Pajama bears getting confident
How do you leverage your margin?
pre sure they weeklies so options that expire the same week they bought High risk high reward
You lost
🧬
Fine but people have been saying that it’s more shorted than stock that exists. It isn’t. It is heavily shorted but not unimaginably so
Did you even read the article? Bullish.
RIP to all the retards holding TSLA calls and didn't sell
I think I'm gonna buy some GME stock at open, but if someone has a smarter idea hit me with it.
Small businesses are “primarily” conservative?? Source / do you mean majority?
VLDR and PLTR shares good entry points right now or nah ?
Hopefully I get big tendies like I did the last day the market was red.
Damn no bounces in sight for futures
Maybe a P2P or usenet where we all host each other until our ISPs finally ban the traffic or switch to Elon's sat net?
Anyone have a second Robinhood account ? I wAnt a second one to do extremely retarded plays wsbstyle .
The browns are going to lose bro
Market makers go see palm readers after hours.
Guys. That shit will still moon. Haven't you seen this movie before?
You can trade futures if you suck the market gods for long enough and burn an ephogy to baphomet
That’s how you know everyone here is broke and jealous
Puts on steel. Browns absolutely obliterating the Steelers
[removed]
Lol keep buying government supported business in your “capitalist” society 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Boeing and cruise ship smoothbrain. What stonk do you buy retard??
Yo gotta get that gonorrhea taking care of bro! 

Go see the Doctor!!!
[deleted]
You watched Dark Knight last night too huh?
thats fine and all. but...to be the only company selling cars? you're smoking some shit.
If $380 can’t break we gucci


😬
If PSTHs target is stripe, what is a reasonable price target?
Yes sir🚀🚀🚀
Underrated
I make 114k a year and have 210k cash savings and 180k in my 401k. Will i be able to retire by the time im 70?
Thank you. Odd how that works out
I hate Twitter so I really don’t care if it fails but Trump is going to be a private citizen in 10 days. In 10 days time his opinion means nothing so even if they didn’t ban him, I don’t think people would have obsessed over every tweet after the 20th
[removed]
The further ITM the less risk...if you go deep enough it's like shares at 2/3 the price.
1/15 1000c
[deleted]
You mean lube
why y’all tripping? green by open, as it always is 🥱
it's january, bro...tons of asian holidays this time'o'year
Stagg jr is great. 

I got lucky and got a George T Stagg this year. One of the best pours I’ve ever had

Haven’t had the OF Rye but I do love a good rye
[deleted]
🥸🥸🥸🥸🥸🍉🍉🍉🍉🍉
Sooooooo do I buy nio
Its not a stick...
I’d love to know the answer to this too
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'll just leave this here....

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy8kmNEo1i8&list=RDHy8kmNEo1i8&start\_radio=1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy8kmNEo1i8&list=RDHy8kmNEo1i8&start_radio=1)

I'm the SPAC MAN!
Thanks I hate it
Lol see you at NiO 250 EOY
Your mistake is looking at rational people with a plan and then thinking the irrational market's valuation of them is fair

See, genomics is a good investment. TSLA as it currently stands is not.
Orders
Are you kidding me?! Is this supposed to be some kind of joke? I want to see this BOA’s autist analyst’s pricing model. Not one single 🚀 in the research paper. Missing at least 1 zero to the left and 1 zero to the right of the decimal too. NIO to the 🌚 please and thank-you.
Does anyone around here trade futures?
[removed]
Papa, Steelers got fucked. In the ass. Should I be worried?
Some new dude posted unrealized gain porn on TSLA 1/15 940c. I wonder if he is even gonna know why his position melted so much
You have 24 hours” hmmm sounds like a familiar villain 🧐
Who the fuck is still shorting Tesla. I mean we can argue all day about it’s valuation (it’s 100% over valued) but no one gives a fuck it just goes up.
my icln leaps have a 25 strike
[removed]
Thanks I hate it
Instead of investing against each other we should invest in each other. Did I drink too much of the fruit juice or are we past that?
Just tell me where to throw my money
Mine is in a roth ira. But i also have 3 broken limos.
Idk about lotion but if you’re not washing with cetaphil daily facial cleanser you’re not off to a good start
Already in G I K
Gassed themselves trying to get that perfect season. Should have said fuck it starting week 11 and coasted. Too many older guys there, should have rested them
Arkg is often my only non-tech, so I like the variation sometimes.
Silver heard B33T compared to “Digital Gold” & thought fuck it, I can get in the volatility game too
I sold you those

Let's see who wins
Thanks. This is Tesla chart right now:
https://imgur.com/a/R8gLnmy
Futures are always red on Sunday nights because people are depressed about going to work on Monday or everyone is selling to have cash to cover the bar tab from Saturday night. Either way, we open green tomorrow.
2/5 23c checking in! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
They are currently trading futures contracts.
> For short term plays, you'd need to focus on companies that already produce revenue and have proven themselves to be solid investments. I'd suggest NIO or TSLA, etc.

SPWR. Gonna need electric power for all that road juice :D
Would I get banned if I *hypothetically* suggested we use our collective autism as an economic weapon to completely fuck with any Chinese Cocksucker Party ticker we come across, and instead promote our own Amerifag/Eurotrash ones? 

I mean the idea that these are "fully private enterprises we swear" and not sucking CCP cock 24/7 is a fucking joke. In most cases it's a flat out lie. 98% of foreigners can't actually buy into the Chinese stock exchanges. Even if you could, why? It's almost certain they're cooking the books, and they'll probably just swipe your money soon anyways. 

You're literally just throwing your money at a genocidal police state with ambitions of global hegemony. Knowing full well they could just....keep it, with nothing you can do about it. At all. 

Plus the US, and to some extent Europe, is going to economically bitch smack China in the coming years as the current globalist system the CCP heavily depends on breaks down. COVID has accelerated the inevitable. So can we. Hypothetically of course. 

https://youtu.be/xyICg5OYXvM

tl;dr Chinese tendies are a lie, throw them in the trash. 'Murican and Euro tendies good. Will print more in the long run.
[deleted]
I fucking love it! 🪄💣🧨💰💵💸🚀
I’ve never been more ashamed to be from Pittsburgh. We’re legitimately more sloppy than the Jets
Magic. Magic is real. We’ve known this for quite some time.
The news broke Thursday evening, or did they announce something new?

[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-08/china-s-baidu-is-said-to-team-with-geely-to-make-electric-cars?sref=xFa3Jpas](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-08/china-s-baidu-is-said-to-team-with-geely-to-make-electric-cars?sref=xFa3Jpas)
Red at night, bulls delight. I’m actually happy we are red. We get too cocky green during day on Sunday.
Fantastic show
>Now imagine it's 2027, and the first fleet of autonomous, electric smart cars hits the streets. Branding by Apple, sold by Hyundai, designed by GOEV, programmed and secured by BlackBerry.

Now imagine it's 2027, and Tesla has already absolutely dominated the market, selling EVs for as cheap as $25k, or maybe even $20k if you buy a year subscription of autonomous driving and/or car insurance. Apple is like "fuck.. we can't sell these cars at $25k for a profit.." and Tesla has practically no competition, with already 500M cars on the road with people paying Tesla for subscriptions. And those cars aren't going anywhere any time soon because Tesla's last for 15-20 years so there's hardly any demand for an Apple car anyway.
It’s gone. Sinking is the ship and the bastard politicians are looting and leaving. Mango is in Scotland that Irish pussy
Futures down -0.43%, going to bed and fully expect us to be green when I wake up 

Rest easy my fellow 🐂🐂🐂
It kinda memes ARK as a whole, but ETF's aren't really susceptible to WSB-PumpnDumps in the same way that individual stocks are.
Meant never loved but beaver love sounds funnier
Government isn't actually inherently inefficient, it just has terrible spending priorities (especially the US). Bureaucratic systems work with common sense management and sufficient funding. 

People wouldn't see Tax as a burden if they saw more of the fruits of it. Regardless, tax is essential in a fiat economy and taxation is theft brainlets would see the total collapse of wall street, the USD and the fed if government decided to stop taxing (they wont, ever.)
Bad JuJu
A Rollercoaster still operating over 100 years. Yeah ill trust Joe
And the float is shrinking....
1/15 1000c
Are bulls fucked or...?

Lol jk
Ces?
Is there any merit to just buying shares instead of calls? Serious question because it seems everybody’s just buying calls on ICLN.
So how's it working out for you?
[done ](https://imgur.com/a/9wIRSaX) worth the $1

☺️
Why is silver valuable?
how’d you beat the rat race ?
market doesn't like the fact cleveland gonna win a play off game and the steelers aren't good anymore. very unsettling
Please comment when you do, happy to see the good discussion here
[removed]
Iykykykyk
Please no subjects or predicates in this thread.

Just tickers and emojis that indicate price direction.
This sub is the only reason I’m active on Reddit
Futures are only important at 9:00 and then it doesn’t matter bc premarket
Some people just want to watch the world burn.
*making
Thats because men dont position themselves better. Do they know their kids doctors name? Do they pick them up for school everyday? Do they attend their childrens school activities? How would the kids schedule be affected if dad isnt home? All of that that goes into consideration. Usually men rely on the women to take these roles, roles that would position themselves as a if not better, an equal parent in the childs day by day lives.
Why do you say that?
[deleted]
Wedge is forming, is that a bull wedge or bear wedge?
Sentiment based market
Browns will crush them.
upvoting is hard work pal
80% of the time it works every time
Nah I’m so stimmed I feel nothing
[deleted]
Sorry for being retarded but how are futures determined? You can’t trade over the weekend. Once again I apologize
Save me Ja Rule
[deleted]
For anyone thinking the market will be red 

Joe Biden is going to announce a multi trillion dollar stimmy bag of goodies this week + 2k checks. This is taking stimmy to another galaxy. 

Your play will be to find stocks who will benefit from this.

MT, VALE, LOW, HD
This is short interest including synthetic longs which is one way to look at it, and when you use that metric it shouldn't really exceed 100% because for every short there's a synthetic long created. Another more commonly used one that you're claiming is wrong is just comparing it against estimated float without synthetic longs which is anywhere from 130 to 200+% depending which float estimate you believe. It doesn't really matter which benchmark you use as long as you use the same one across comparisons, and pretty much any comparison you do, GME is way more shorted than anything else. It's kind of like arguing that 100 km/h isn't fast because it's only 62 mph. You're literally saying the same thing using a different reference.

Regarding a material vote, I would argue that a change in board control would constitute a material vote which seems quite likely given the way Cohen has been angling. But I do agree that there isn't a cut and dry definition, at least not that I can find.
But they BOUGHT it right? Bc EARNINGS
#12.5 MORE HOURS. LONGEST WEEKEND EVEEEEEER
They can just refuse to accept the result and show up in Buffalo next week.
:(
Jokes on you. I'm on the West Coast. 

I don't get wrecked til 6:30 a.m.
Idk racism allowed slavery which created an entire industry and founded empires. But I agree money is blind and racism has no place in the stock market and doesn't care about your prejudice.
Fucking yes I knew it would be that fucking scene. 80s-style gratuitous violence ftw
I’ve seen this film before
If PSTH is really subway and we moon to $40 I'm going to the subway I went to every day for lunch during my depressing broke 9-5 years and buying the place out
As if the year matters on that cringefest
I see space man
Have fun losing money tomorrow. Pole smoker
Thanks for this! Commenting so I can find later!
Calls on the Chiefs to the AFC Championship....
Ben Roethlisburger the type of person to hang out at college town bars with young girls
You the type a dude to completely miss a girl flirting with you
[deleted]
Browns aren’t even playing that great, Pittsburgh just looks like complete garbage
🌈 question incoming but does anyone have a good face lotion to recommend? Don’t want anything greazy at all

Vaseline for men sucks and so does jack off jergens
Haha my first such post on this forum, tried to do a very basic TLDR so WSB autists could understand
“Sell Tesla, or/and buy puts. Lots of new shares/liquidity of shares will be coming on to the market”
holy fuck, Jack and Claire are siblings 😦thats why his dad was in Australia
[deleted]
Classic lazy Japanese.
🍉
Silver staying strong 💪🏻
I think you mean margarine
They killed the 🥭 

NIO 65c
Gme 30c 

Gimme my tendie u slut sherman
I heard he used to pull that shit in college too, but with the computer nerds and it was a Jolt Cola and a pack of Benson and Hedges
i dont understand your funny words magic man
Fucking out of NIO premarket tomorrow. Damn getting broken English CCP pro-NIO replies and DMs when I say not to hold long term. Yeah, it might pump this week. Then they will just dilute the hell out of it. So fuck it. Rolling all my NIO profit into TSLA and never looking back
Yes! Meant to go back and correct this. They were added to MSOs and are gaining some buzz. I'm watching this one closely... if I see some execution or they really start to gain impressive traction in Cali then I'll be one of the first jumping in.
No... Diamond hands
I’m celibate, sorry boo.
😅
lol why?
What the fuck are you talking about
Company wants to integrate its apollo platform on a mass scale hence a partnership with a car manufacturer. Not a bad move partnering with a manufacturer that produces >1 million units annually. Plus BIDU is planning a $3.5b second listing in hongkong. $300 call seems tempting now.
Have you done it yet
What the hell happened to the steelers. They were doing so good in the beginning of the season and then just decided to stop doing that
Shut up you know you fuked with them weeklies
I will check my portfolio every minute just like every other day.
$10,000
Don't celebrate too early ☺
Christ I think I'm done with social media, including reddit. Deleted facebook and instagram 6 months ago, and am much happier. Now there's drama about censorship, etc. 

Social media is worse than 9/11. It's worse than COVID. It's the worst.
PLTR + ALPP = pre-judgement day Skynet
If you know, you know.
Literally futures are bs futures can be red then pre market comes and shi sky rockets, as long as Tesla and nio good I’m good☺️
You must have selective memory. Since Nov 30, we've had more red Mondays than green. Also, did you forget what happened last Monday?
BitchKoRn down = stonks down imo. R.I.P. my $RIOT calls, need a green energy rally to balance the loss out
So when Biden announces the $2T stimulus, is that the top? I thought we had priced in more like $10T in stimulus and $40,000 checks.
Holy shit you too??
tesla OFFROAD
Y’all got the easiest flair there was to get beside a prison tat. Get out with your trust fund flair j/k.
Heard you need green all time chart for unlock
Nah. If it goes to 50 I buy more.
Ur mad ur 🥭 has died
From what is this from sir?
Bears are known to be saltier than bulls because they not only lose their positions but also lose at betting against the entire economy
FFS is Nikkei 225 on another holiday? every other week seems like
Hey is the shavacado free?
Damn well least make me your sex slave or somethin
Idk about that Bears Saints game being fire.
The most I ever made was $3k buying calls on prpl back when it was rallying in the summer. Promptly lost it when I bought back in at the top. It's all been downhill from there.
ITM calls with time are goldmines, change my mind. ICLN GANG
Calls on the Cleveland Browns
Puts on the Steelers
Breathe in fresh air my friend
Be happy this sub doesn’t meme our beloved ARKK.
Everyone crying about futures. Checks futures. Barely down, lmao shut the fuck up
You’re whining about propaganda on a sub that is unabashedly propaganda? Makes sense coming from this community.
[deleted]
JPow has realized his best printer is actually just telling people the fed is printing and letting them pump the market without fed actually buying
> “The body build [of Model Y] is 1,000% better. There are still issues, but they’re minor in comparison to what I have seen in the past.”

this sounds just like a software thing "yes there are bugs....buuuuuut they work for the most part"
Yea right bruh I go all in on Gme nub
Thinking of doing the same, going all in especially because of the DD provided by Steel God vitocorlene. 25c should print nicely tho
The difference is that Twitter is a highly political platform, and DJT drove a HUGE amount of volume in politics.  The most major difference by far is that Twitter was already unprofitable.

An unprofitable company just became less profitable as huge swaths of their user base quit in protest of censorship.  I deleted my Twitter months ago out of protest to their bias policies.  I consider myself a centrist and none of my centrist or right wing friends have Twitter either.  None of us plan on ever supporting them again, despite most of us having accounts at some time or another.

They screwed up huge.  They capped their user base to 20-30% of the country and have polarized everyone else off their app.  If you are in a bubble I highly reccomend talking to some conservative people and getting their opinions on twitter.

Its not just conservatives.  Its not just centrists.  It's not just pro business apolitical boomers.  The only people with positive attitudes towards Twitter are left wing users.  And they were already Twitter's base.  Twitter needed to expand their user base, not polarize it.

They have failed on every level to expand their platform as a public forum of everyday discourse.  They created an echo chamber that scares anyone that isn't hyper left wing away, refusing to enforce any of their policies on the toxic left wing politics that exist on their app.

I cannot stress this enough.  Twitter is becoming absolutely hated.  And they aren't profitable.  They will go bankrupt.  They absolutely will.  This isn't something where I have any financial data I can show you.  But please take it from someone who used to be an avid user but quit because of their policies that MANY, MANY people are just like me.  We matter, and we are a large cohort.  And we will never come back, no matter what they do.  A platform like Reddit on the other hand, has many useful and interesting subs that I would always want to use, regardless of the abhorrent censorship that occurs here.  Twitter doesn't have that.

Twitter is going to zero.  Thats the end of it.  They can't be profitable when they treat their products that disagree with them like trash.  We left, and they are bleeding cash out of their ears because of it.
Unless he knows better than Cathie Wood, Johnson should STFU
Bagholder 🤡🤡🤡🤡
[removed]
<3 you, u/zjz
[removed]
Small position  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I like where your head is at.
[deleted]
This sounds like desperation
Plenty of fuckboys given regular lol. Wasn’t enough for a flair tbh. It’s all good.
Rip to the guy who bought tesla 900c at the peak
Ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub
Yo da dub dub
Ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub
Yo da dub dub
I'm the SPAC-Man
#gaybearsays
OOPS. Sorry bro. CLEVELAND ROCKS LOL
>free world

Looks at US incarceration rates
I was hedging my TSLA calls with ARKK calls last week
I have Tesla weeklies and a couple of leaps, for some reason I think Monday is going to be very red across the board...kinda sad about it 🤷🏽‍♂️, hope I’m wrong!
PSTH gonna give me PTSD?
Lol those hours are insane.
Wife from Cleveland. I got shares of X. 🤷🏼‍♂️
I have 2 7/6/21 TSLA 1200C
Do I long hold? Or secure profit while I’m up and try to buy the dips 🤔
We finally see red dat 👀
[deleted]
Ahh the single life. When you could do what ever you want whenever you wanted. Get drunk on a Sunday sure! Play video games all day? Why not! Get married and have a kid they said it will be fun they said! Pltr to the mooooooon! 🚀🚀🚀
Wait until 3EST he is usually going wild around then
I bought puts the first time in my life on Friday before close lmao
[removed]
This is probably the best explanation I’ve been given. Thank you so much! I a blown away by everyone’s generosity and kindness. I like it here.
every week
Hugs for you
Nah, I don’t eat aldente ❤️
u/zjz look at username and post and comment history, this is definitely one of those China infiltration accounts. Any mod, ban this guy.
Puts on your mental health
Oh right and China has amazing international press lol
So... puts?
Appreciate it
lit fam bet no cap on god
There was a time when JPow would waive his wand and change red to green. I don’t think he gives a fuck anymore.
Y’all be Yelleng for the next printing Madam and there’s atleast a week to go
Interesting to hear info on KMI! Thanks Vito for all the DD!!
“Financial acumen”

Lol

Do you buy a phone? A computer? Anything that doesn’t appreciate in value?
Boil it, put it in fridge in cold water for hour then coat in corn starch and deep fry
% chg? How do I look for it? Thanks
1000 call
Im making hella tendies but the pain doesn’t go away

*why*
Baker is the fucking GOAT
This..Does not look good. There’s no signs that this is gonna reverse tho
I forgot AK-47 dead
SF or SEA gonna hire one in the off-season probably
Being obsessed with politics is for the salty boomers and the teenagers who don’t get invited to the parties.
How is is a yolo.. position or GTFO
I'm only joking of course. yeah the US needs to get its shit together before it's too late, or maybe it already is?
OOF pajama boys whatchu doin??? 🥺🥺
yolod 1000bucks into ortx stock, presentation this wednesday hopefully it prints
That's a dumb one, you're better off with bull spreads
GOP will remove him. 
S&P soars.
About as retarded as it is to keep posting this same comment over and over.
Yes join me brother am all in on apple for the earnings play
Steelers losing is actually bullish for steel. Pittsburgh will be too depressed to work all week. Steel supply going down due to productivity.
Would just prefer 0 signs of life. Just random tickers with rocket emojis next to them.
The Browns are making me want to buy Puts on X
[deleted]
So how many moons are going to moon for NIO ?? Thinking like 8
lol
didn't know doug demuro browses wsb
i hope it looks just like that
Not me
I rather have red gay futures now and have it rip our fucking faces off at open
Exactly
Weird that people come to a sub about stocks and options and retarded YOLO plays and start talking about football. Although I can’t say I didn’t expect you to get so excited over a bunch of guys fondling some balls
Me next.

Waiting here on the swell to catch a wave. Good for this fucking retard. We should all be so lucky.
Shit is so true. I've gotten a dozen pro-NIO responses this weekend every time i bring up not holding NIO long term. Not the best English either. Fucking shills, I'm out of NIO premarket if it's up. They will just dilute it more anyway
Bears already lost today

So Bears, no winning ever
dont be weird
PLTR and GME
You know it's true
My buttons on my jeans scratched my car. Fuck. These are nice jeans too.
So buy the dip???
Show off
Thanks! That makes sense.
SPY 400
CRSR AAPL GOEV
Yeah I’m thinking of throwing 2k into it tomorrow
On Nickelodeon none the less
Same, I'm curious if people think G soon will outpace K
Are you the fucker Sam from L1 - 69!? Money my anus! Am broke! Come back next month, fuck you Sam!!
Shut up commie
Go balls deep on calls. 2022.
Show us where Elon touched you.
duh fuq?
Sell NIO if it go up, buy more if it go to 50
1, maybe 2
I got out last week. Looking to re enter
Man PSTH has a low float..... hmmmmmmmm
will it have the gap again?
[removed]
Eagles fan. Im rooting for you temporarily.
[removed]
As much as I support your sentiment, I have to say that you are wrong. Swiss watchmakers copied French and English up until mid XVIII. Who now brags that they have a French wristwatch? Japanese used to copy English motorcycles, now they absolutely dominate the market. And the list goes on. Chinese have bad business practices & culture and not the best environment for a free market competition, those are their weak spots, not the copying itself.
[removed]
GTBIF was my first US cannabis company and they haven't been disappointed yet. They really give the impression of a heads-down and execute company. There aren't many flashy interviews or press releases but they knock it out of the park every earnings. For some reason I think they will be the first to get a big CPG or alcohol partner of the big american companies.
All of the above is from the last 10Q

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data//1318605/000156459020047486/tsla-10q_20200930.htm
Buyden is pumping it this week anyway one red day doesnt mean shit (if its even red). New ATH by Friday, book it.
BABA blast off let's go!
[removed]
my browns +6 and over 47 parlay bouta print..

&#x200B;

...like my baba calls tomorrow
Brotato chips, if the whole schtik of EV's is that they don't need a massive engine and can be any shape, why do they all look dumb.
Fuck yes blackball all trumptards and spawn
Or should I say. Do it pussy, you won’t. This is the way. Lmao 😂
I'm waiting for you.
Maybe not fully

UCO is up about 20 to 25 percent over the last month. I don't mind parking margined funds into USO and UCO at all right now
[deleted]
Yeah I saw that hit piece earlier and was like god damn
They made fun of Cathie and see where they took her. My next move is genomics, I've been listening to Cathie's videos on it. Medicine as we know it is not going to exist in five years.
I'm thinking about doubling down on 1/15s
She’s got big titties
Currently crying. Y’all know what I’m talking about
[deleted]
[deleted]
Always has been 🔫🔫
[deleted]
Sounds like you have a few.
Bear penis. Uncooked.
Get him and Ben out
Because he trades based on emotions for human beings not emotions for money
All the nfl playoffs games were fire this weekend and not then you got this shitter to close it out lol can't complain though
Steelers getting murdered like you bears in here 🌈🌈🐻
Buffalo?
Browns going for the 112-0

Steelers r fuk more than bulls
waiting on the answer here too lol...
I’m in a both rn. Kind of scared but might force myself to load up more
Do we have jobs Thurs too? I could see dip this week if we get Jpow and jobs both. Remember JPow was bearish last time and we had a bit of red IIRC. Thoughts?
Keep buying and giving awards. Do what the CCP does: shove enough money at Reddit so that it whorishly discards any virtue-signaling "principles" it ever pretended to have.
Those commenting that futures are *drilling* I’m politely asking you to shut the fuck up 

Everything on sale tomorrow
Coz Cathie said G is lagging. Boom it goes
FF
Hey there. It's me.. that guy that doesn't buy weed from a drug dealer. But bought weed when I was visiting washington and colorado where it's legal. And I'll be buying more when it's legal in my current state.
Such futures mean a convincingly red day.... 🥺🥺🥺
Gold.
Nah son I’m American just got my eyes open. Elon left the USA long time ago. He sees the value in other places
Pressing x on your puts printing boyo.
Setting a 15% trailing stop loss isn't gay. For TSLA that's just good thinking.
100 percent truly retarded
Buy deep ITM leaps.
Hyundai also as a JV with Aptiv;
And I’ve seen several open roles on Aptiv’s careers site for “Resident Engineer” in Cupertino.
Not scaleable
[deleted]
This reminds me when I was first posting DD and someone was like, the fact that this dude has been posting porn really makes me want to trust him. Lmao.
Interesting DD, can you link the sources?
Just came in and my gaybearmeter is tingling already, oh well, I guess we know what’s for dinner 🌈🐻🥩
Barron’s just shanked the shit out of GME. Double down on PUTS.   Guys it’s over unless Cohen does something and he’s running out or time.

https://www.barrons.com/articles/gamestop-stock-cant-keep-defying-the-reality-in-videogames-51610147224?st=ennq8cr92ij21nk
Might get share cuz I’m a pussy
u/zjz this man gave 2 golden fuckboy awards pls give him a flair :(
Next 28-3 comin right up
THE CCP is a cancer Ellen Pao let into Reddit. They still cheat and have a back door into reddit spying on your account to this day. Look at what they did to all of the PNW subs. It is a literal shit tier invasion of our society.
Lol Ikr
Black trans women will be the next big thing in NFL coaching.  This is Biden's America now.
Check unusual whales on Twitter. Also look at the top gainers in webull for the day and look at what WSB is memeing about. PLTR was a good in for you, look for something similar. But please if you have 3k and you want to yolo, at least do 6 yolos. That way if one or two tank you can still save yourself .
My wife’s fav
[deleted]
1/10 steelers puts printing
Nice to see you got in cheap. Would you say the QQQJ calls are still a good buy at this point?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/swr1333 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bears already lost though
[deleted]
Extreme Tendie Finder?
Or Old Forester 1920
like clockwork, I will now assume that the market is going to crash tomorrow as is commented EVERY FUCKING TIME THE FUTURES ARE RED. shut up
Let’s fuckin gooo.
COMMUNIST DETECTED ON RETARD SOIL, LETHAL FORCE ENGAGED
I think you already know the answer
That’s under that assumption that each and everyone one of them is going to completely boycott the companies in perpetuity. It would be generous to even say that 0.5% of republican voters will never do business with big tech forever. 

This then also touches on the point as to why the market is ATH while the economy is in the shitter. Poorer people are shits out of luck at the moment, but those with good jobs have continued to earn well. Vast majority of great jobs are in major cities, that are always predominately democratic. 

Someone from Butterfuck, OK is extremely unlikely to buy a Pelaton, as opposed to a person from San Francisco.
74M of us dawg
Regular Makers, Red Breast, or Jim Beam for "gett'un drunk" mixing.
Mfw anyone thinks the brown man is smart 🌚
Man if WSB had its own website with a similar method of posting, I would drop Reddit entirely and just go there. This is the only reason I come to this site
I do same for my guns, there is PK (people killer), the stinger, the blastmustafa and corpsemaker
Yupyup. Fun game to watch so far.
[deleted]
Where is my money bro?
Nope, I sold way way up like 40% gain on a weekly. Around times like earnings or battery day when the hype was up.  Never had to buy back.
[deleted]
Mods, we got a CCP member here. Arrest this man.
Yes please
Anyone getting riot/Mara calls tomororw
Need Elon to tweet some positive shit so I can sleep good tonight.
The counter argument here is that the limited license environment has allowed a few truly talented operators to flourish. They may not have achieved the best economies of scale in their build out but they they had vastly reduced competition (who's gonna rebuild their entire infrastructure in every state?!). Therefore, they don't have the oversupply issues that are currently plaguing the business environment in Canada. 

If you buy the analyst predictions (and we should all take them with a grain of salt), many lay out arguments for huge upside even without federal decriminalization/legalization and this is because new states keep opening up, and the legislative environment is expected to get better and better.

I still think banking reform (e.g. SAFE) is more important than federal legalization in the short term (and infinitely more achievable!)
Yeah IV is pretty high, but you should be ok if you dump them before earnings or get longer dated calls. I’m going to try and get April 130 calls tomorrow morning if it isn’t up too much.
When it prints I’m taking profit, for right now it’s just a waiting game. 18c are probably smarter and will still give nice profit but I’m all in or all out on this one lol
And yet the models with drives sold magnitudes more
No flair.
cuz cathie said genomics will produce the next FAANGs
very good point. Might help spot bots without being racisty like with the nio dude, but we’re all gamblers eod.
Steelers may have to throw in the terrible towel.
Weird that a male dominated sub would be into that
[deleted]
Invest in G I K, it’s got a merger in February... should double by then hopefully. Do your DD and decide but I think this is a safe bet.
I’d buy some contracts to find out
[deleted]
Watching my wolves lose to the Spurs for their 8th str8 loss. Existence is pain
Bears making $0 tomorrow so nobody allowed to have comment karma? got damn.
Forreal they need to start banning
Let’s go browns! Cleveland is going to get burnt down tonight
Have you had small batch or single barrel? 

I agree the regular is underwhelming. 

If you like more oaky have you had Stagg Jr?
Money printer goes brrrr🤑🤑
Fuck politics. Get tendies.
[deleted]
>STOP THE COUNT!

-Steelers Fans
Was up 4% in US Friday...
Michael Burry Gets Railed by TSLA BULLS

It’s the sequel to the Big Short, but a porn this time.
Playoffs?
Our ancestors started eating meat well before they became human. So we have been eating meat and gambling for as long as we have been human obviously retard.
stay in your car, 3mins. 150+ stations and counting
PLUG would be my go to
Lmao, mine is way lower than that
You mean your wife's bull might get laid tonight.
in orrder to have tsla gains to jump back in with, we will have to become gay ourselves at some point.
I’d wank to that
Three great choices, I would definitely go 1/3 on each one.
Your username says it all. Have fun bag holding. I'll take my quick gains and move on to a domestic stock that wasn't valued at one fucking dollar less than a year ago. Good luck holding bags eventually
Kk fine at least 2 to 5 baggers, happy? 😂
I joined last year and it seems like it’s already so different
Bruh...
Wow. This dude is a WSB superhero. Fighting bits and communist Goverments. You can't make this shit up.
Earned behind Wendy's dumpster doing the mods the "special favor"
Yeah but imagine all the people who look at him when he drives it. That alone is worth 80% of his life savings.
Wtf.
TSLA is a scam.
Mom had a double mastectomy. Dads still got a pair of fat tiddies.
don't worry bb, I'm in deep. But the memes are great.
Algos writer in shambles trying to keep up
How's Nio doing in HK?
How retarded would it be to log back into bovada and bet on the steelers pulling it fucking off?
Yep same I thought they were gonna expire worthless
This place is such a core center of unhinged autism and cocksure ideas that it would detrimental to the general investing public to remove this subreddit. We are right where we "the man" wants us to be and grateful for it... maybe for our own good. 

We are going to be ok. 

That being said - NIO 70C exp @ market open.
This thread sucks ass. Turned into r/sports
Holding vxx shares is dookie
Smol cap get SMOKED
Please note - the wsb steel gang is not affiliated with the Pittsburgh Steelers or their affiliates.
Quit porn, hit the gym
[deleted]
BS, stop pumping PSTH.
I got the nosebleed juice
https://www.seriouseats.com/2013/12/the-food-lab-hasselback-potato-gratin-the-best-potatoes-ever-recipe.html
Well, sadly I don't make the news I just pass it on.
I’ll have to look collars up.
Pittsburgh bears vs Cleveland bulls
Jesus still no flair??
Big Ben is the real 🤡 making us retards look like Stephen hawking out there
Ouch. I didn’t have that many but still missed out on six figure gains. Did you get back in? I just pick up some shares a couple months ago but nowhere near as many. And now I think it’s too expensive
Cleveland is just whooping that ass
is it racist to fire a black head coach? asking for a friend in pittsburgh
Same expiration date but with 18c, this shit gonna print hard asf by February/March,not sure if we should hold till April/May?
Once funds settle and your cash balance is above 25k you will have PDT restriction lifted. If you go below this balance your mother will suck a clowns fungus dick so be careful and always leverage your margin
Water weights more than brain.
Yup your stomach is fucking you over huh?
Steelers are losing so Steel can win this week !!
G-HIV
Man, don’t have the attention span. I’m watching rockets getting killed by lakers
I give personalized nicknames to the stocks i hold instead of calling them by their tickers
[deleted]
[deleted]
ARKK has always been my goto. Why does this sub favor ARKG?
ICLN, AAPL, WMT, ARKG

I think any of those are safe
Not really, it could be hosted for less than $1000 a month, and maybe $10,000 upfront for infrastructure
If these retards knew how to read, they would be pissed
The lambo comes once Ackman announces
I’m not a 🌈🐻
X is going to fall 50% tomorrow based on this game.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Next 10 years america will go to shit. I’m investing in the winners aka gyna and Africa 🍆. Meanwhile all the tiny ducks keep putting your pension/401k in value vampires like Ford 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. Corporate America lies in bed with politicians. It’s time to wake up and hedge with gyna cuz it’s over for rome. Invest the winners not the losers lmaoooo. We losing boys time to switch teams   

Elon love China 

I love China 

USA ok 

China amazing 🤩

NIO 65c any strike free gyna bucks!!!!!
Oh was that what the hubbub about NIO batteries was? I thought swap meant free replacement battery after the original drains over the years. Pretty cool.
Psth would go to Mars if that happened
They certainly haven't.  I work on Tesla's daily and they are still terrible QC.  Panel gaps are still a problem which should be embarrassing to a car company.  They got "better" but are still so far behind every other manufacturer it's a joke.  Their paint still looks like it was done outside in a sandstorm.  99% of their customers would never know though, spotting flaws takes at least somewhat of a trained eye.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Neighbor_ the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
VREOF here
This will NEVER happen. All evidence suggests otherwise
I like the way it's done now but it does get old to see the constant "flair me" comments.  Maybe just give members who have been here a year (or whatever) some kind of canned flair while still tossing them out as you do now for stupid/funny stuff?
Holy shit! My wife is from Cleveland. We live in the south. I might get laid tonight!
I don't think this is a spread. OP didn't sell the lower put, he just has puts at multiple strikes.

Edit: I'm a retard that is incapable of reading. 

Also, OP this could hit, maybe.
Calls on NIO if you like money.
Fake and gay. Subway it is, go eat a footlong.
To pull the rug on 🐻
Most option prices are based on a model which that's into account a normal distribution from the current price to the strike price, risk free rate of return , time until expiry, dividend yield and most importantly implied volatility. Implied volatility is most likely the only metric you could use to find valuation of a stock as this is the 1 year expected 1 standard deviation in the stock price. However there is no direction in this purely mathematical model so you need to predict that. (That said some stocks have skew which is where calls can be worth less that puts due to the downside move more likely to happen quickly)

So basically all that said you can use options to get a market opinion on the expected move of stocks but as you know the market is often wrong. I wouldn't use this personally but if you find a pattern to trade of go for it.
Bc a lot of other currencies have upcoming stimulus
Steelers 🤣🤡😂🤡🤣🤡
Would rather shit in my hands and clap that watch that bafoonery
The fucking browns lol. Truly bizarre times.
Python is not Autistic enough
For everyone. Tendies for all!!!
ETFs: ARKK, ARKG, ICLN, LIT
And when the dip happens, we buy to lower our average price per share!
Both
[deleted]
>Stock futures **flat** after Wall Street closed at record highs to end last week

>Stock futures **fall slightly** after Wall Street closed at record highs to end last week
 
>Stock futures **fall** after Wall Street closed at record highs to end last week

Lmaoo that article keeps getting updated on CNBC site
If you’re on Robinhood. You have to request to use options
One of the few times diamond hands have paid off
I like buying ITM because you don't have to worry about hitting your strike.
I'm Chinese and I strongly agree. I don't use any of BIDU's products/services
I think a crashtested skateboard platform would be more appropriate for Apple, it would allow them a flat space to design a user experience without needing to worry about the guts of the car.  

There isn't any current news on that though, it's all speculation at this point, although it does seem more likely than when people were pushing the idea of an Apple/Canoo car earlier this year with no basis besides the similarity in style.
That got sexy real fast
Imagine not realizing that we open green tomorrow and pump another 1%
What happen!!
Gonna have to dig deeper than that dummy
I’m going to be honest here. As I was watching the riots happen on TV, my first thought is whether to get  $366p for 1/15 or 1/29
Goddamn at this rate Steelers are done at half
Wrong time of autism 🤣
[deleted]
August gave us like 8 or 9 in a row I believe
Vxx
Maybe a DD counter that a bot tracks and then posts the counter when a DD thread is made. I've never coded reddit bots but it could include links to previous DD's at the same time.
If Cleveland manages to lose at this point it would probably be the most browns thing that could ever possibly happen and the universe would implode
This paper is outdated and 3 years old. Thesis from 2017 is no longer valid post covid
Just after!
We just got here sir, don’t worry we’re warming up the drill now
Well if you get back in I'm the proud holder of 12 calls total.  Half 110 and half 105 02/19 monthlies.

Earnings is the next week after that expiration.

Kept averaging down when it was hovering around 100, bought all the 110s when it was 108 so was down bigly.
*OnlyStonks*
And if Elon says to buy B33T?
Red futes means green open
You're right, great if you are a Chinese investor. My point is that any piece of bad news, scandal, or economic sanctions means  NIO-ADR can go to zero. No doubt the NIO business carries on, but US investors left holding the bag. Plus, even if things go well, CCP allows more dilution to take American dollars. But you do you bro. I'll take my short term gains so I don't end up like an LK bag holder
there's a ben's a rapist joke in there somewhere
It would be very......Erie
What’s worse, being a Steeler or a Bear?
Great write up. They were added to MSOS this past week in fact.
[removed]
Ew.
if you bet on the steelers you are retarded
Same
[deleted]
That's what I'm saying lol also economy doing better is worse for stock market cuz FED gonna change up policies.
🍆💦💵🤑
What kind of assclown does not bet on football to satisfy the gambling addiction while markets closed?? SMH
[deleted]
#STEELers are losing. 

Steel Gang, I got nothing to say but this was more original than that NIO DD off of CNBC. 

💎
Pussy
25c 6/18
[removed]
Those weird after hours movements on small caps are funky sometimes. Nothing to worry about in my opinion.
are we the baddies
Word, me too. 

I can literally Jimmy together any concept but would need help with making it look pretty.
GUH. No more $5 🥖 for me boys.
[deleted]
But will it tho
This is the way
Had less than 25k in my account Friday at close. I just now deposited more to bring it above 25k. I have to wait till Tuesday to bypass PTD, correct?
We’d end up like one of those subs that takes themselves way to seriously.
lol. Uhh, EVEYRONE BUY AWARDS NOW
Here's hoping so
If by short term you mean intraday then yes.
Puts on this guys life
bought a JD call on thursday, hopefully i see some sympathy gains
Oh RH just gave me 0DTE access. Niceeeee
This is fucking hilarious. You are a sad, sad human being.
BABA up 2.3% in Hong Kong
Buffalo Trace is pretty good. Haven’t had any in a while.
How on earth is DXY strengthening with the incoming stimulus...?
That makes some good points, maybe not WSB worthy as gains sound slow during recovery, much like an airline play. I do like it as like a 5% of my portfolio in UCO though
The Steelers are more fuk than bears damn
[deleted]
Do y’all got any stonks (only shares please) that I could buy and forget about for a 2 months. Preferably lower share price so I can buy more of them. Have $3000
r/nsfw_wtf
[removed]
What if we all got calls on a social media small cap stock and ALL joined in en-mass, buying calls before we joined.
I have 755 shares of GameStop
135% of the FLOAT not of OUTSTANDING shares
Baba booooming
Because they expire tomorrow
Yeah I genuinely don’t care anymore if I get covid . I actually hope I get it every day so I can finally start living a life and not be a massive coward having to put my life on pause for months on end. Trump got it and recovered like come on
As long as it makes me tendies.
Would you buy ITM calls or OTM?
Lord Musk has no reason to give up any control of any of his companies. Not going to happen.

Stripe is far more likely.

That said, it doesn't matter who it is, the 🥈 🦊 isn't going to fuck around. You're in good hands.
I feel like I’m watching a college game, not playoff nfl
Please go up, I got a penny stock in the field I need to shoot up
Dropped calls, unreliable 5g, no battery life were the common complaints.

3.5 stars on Verizon site
TSLA getting dropped hard for NIO tomorrow.
(     ͠°   👄.  ͠°    )
You don’t have to be hungry while “dieting” just eat healthy Whole Foods.
[deleted]
Elon eats pieces of shit like VW fer breakfast.
You gunna die now I think
Yea I feel you. Pltr is frustrating but I have a cost average of $10.87 so I’m not sweating it. I Was actually thinking about where I could move money from for more Nio also but most of my other positions are doing good and as much as people like to fuck around here diversifying is good. Might just make another deposit from my savings and buy 300 more Nio shares. Make it an even 1500 because it sounds cooler than 1200 and then use those 300 shares to sell cc.
[deleted]
Just imagine how many more that are floating around like me that haven’t joined.
[removed]
For anyone asking why any government would want to have influence over this site, well, there are tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars in this subreddit's gravity well. Somehow. Honestly it seems impossible given the shit you guys post but that's where we are. You're a somewhat major investor bloc, at least until the TSLA bubble pops.
Them gay ass futures need to start saying no homo before I throw hands.
2.5% Vix we drilling or we drillzing
[deleted]
Was down $2,000 sports betting today so I Yolo’d $3,000 on the browns
oh I have that... its all over redbubble
Anything Piper Perri
Basketball or Football conflicted
Should I all in ICLN $35c April
what the fuck is this insane ranting
🙋‍♂️ Biggest position
RemindMe! 1 month
[removed]
[deleted]
Not pornhub. All professionals. Puts on that.
[deleted]
JPow doesn’t give a duck anymore
Gay Bear gets ass pounded by JPOW with no lube
Futures are red
Yes. Welcome to the land of gains
Someone can’t afford a BMW
[deleted]
Dumb fake gay ban retard
r/collegesluts or Lana rhoades true anal
Lol you must be new to Sunday night trading this shit happens every Sunday and we end up gapping up
$BRothlesiberger 1p 1/10 printing hard
Steelers loss porn
Knew it was gonna bounce 3800
I just google "9918 hk" for BABA and "9618 hk" for JD. Those are the only two I follow
[removed]
soo over/ under green open?
Excuse me?
[removed]
Dumbass bulls beg for devaluation of the dollar. Saying the feds are on the side of the American people.. lol you’re retarded
Bigly red now
If you dummies just stopped yolo’ing your whole portfolio on super OTM fd’s, you wouldn’t have to stress about red futes
I’m on the 1/15 1030 train
This is the way
Blue senate was 100% unexpected and hasn't been fully priced in yet though
Are you a gay bear or is this one of those serious warnings the occasional inside trader posts vaguely. Upvote if gay bear, award for serious warning
If Elon says use signal i guess we have to
Prob is bro. Like I said, when I asked her about NIO she said “is it Chinese?” 😂
1/15 !!!!! All hail ccp!!
Lmfao right. What even is this game rn?
Also Tester from Montana
[deleted]
Carmel appl dip
For those just starting to look into these things, what this says is Trulieve sells as much cannabis in Florida as all other competitors COMBINED -- roughly %50 market share and constantly opening up new dispensaries. That's unheard of in these state breakdowns. If they can replicate some of that success in the other states or if Florida goes recreational in additional to medical -- hot damn
beautiful. 😢
I read this as make it rain while standing outside a construction site
Why?
Gen Z speak for Outfit or look
Bidu is a shit company even by chinese standards lol.
Lol big mistake not buying a Tesla
This
Drop some legit porn recommendations
You can also make the argument that the increase in stock but backs since the 1980’s has reduced the willingness of companies reinvesting the money back into the company. They would rather push their stock price up than increase pay for your average worker
[deleted]
You are a inspiration.
Damn these Steelers are something else lmao.
Its a balance between battery supply and need. Battery supply will be the gating factor for EV company’s into the future. I would almost say this is bearish for NIO if it weren’t for their swapping stations as the need to supply 50% more battery per car sold of that capacity and most will come to realize they don’t need it.
[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
Puts on steel
well ya. This is the only sub i really use on reddit. I fell like thats alot of WSB
Not currently but want the subprime tee
BTFD seriously if all you have is weeklies you deserve to lose it, If you have calls at least through 1 ER you should be fine
Based on what?
Lol at < half a point .
Fuck I just upgraded, what’s up

Also means AAPL calls though
Lol, i first joined around 2016. The MU days
I’m American just not retarded and 🥭 washed
Fuck my spy calls are fucked
Site ?
Steelers lmaoo
flair earned, not given 🦧🦧🦧
So glad I went cash gang before close Friday. My foreskin was tingling, often an indication of a pullback
il just swap my battery while you recharge for a couple hours see yaaa
r/GenZedong description: "This is a Dengist subreddit in favor of Bashar Al Assad with no information that can lead to the arrest of Hilary Clinton, our fellow liberal and queen. This subreddit is not ironic. We are Marxist-Leninists"

What the ever loving fuck???
holy fuck.
Short term though. Isn't this a casino?
[removed]
Nah, there can only be ONE STEEL GANG! 🦾🦾
Wtf why does ur mom speak in such a formal way. This seems like ctrl c ctrl p news.
9988.hk having a great day so far
He said Facebook sucks
jfc ben
It's been open. BABA up +2.50%
spoken like a true experienced retard. guide us, retarded messiah
U must be a millionaire
Leaps on PLUG?
Same. But holding what I got!
I get one of you every week. They always go dark when I come back to check in 🤗
Yes sir!
Nah.

Tech stocks maybe hit a wall, but we'll rotate into the core shit that's still dragging.

Retards raised capital betting on memes in 2020 that they can roll into quality plays in 2021.

Or COVID-2021 makes a debut and we replay 2020.
Now Ben knows what it feels like to be raped
Yes. Market is drunk.
[deleted]
[deleted]
But there aren’t any bears left?
Cuomo is such a useless fucking piece of shit.
How many people here own WSB merch?
You could get away with 160c 06/18s IMO. If ARKK continues its growth path from last year (171%) it'll end 2021 at 387
ANOTHER PICK 😂😂😂😂😂
Those cars look silly
takes effort to eat
[deleted]
This makes literally zero sense.
17 year old company, new this past year. Big data/software analytics. Converges disparate data sets and provides recommendations/unique takeaways.
Yes
cannabis is still in the realm of "buy the rumor, sell the news"
Cool cool, been looking for some cheaper stuff to drink so I can save my nicer stuff for a rainy day
Green by morning.
I was here around 800k man. It’s crazy now
Futures are well within acceptable range. Guys you really need to stop panicking or counting your eggs before they hatch
A LEAP (Long-term Equity AnticiPation -- I didn't come up with this stupid-ass name) is an options contract (or similar) with an expiry of 1+ year from time of purchase. 

That's basically it. Assuming you understand options, that should be all you need to know. If you don't... Well, there are plenty of resources for understanding what an option is, but long story short, it's a bet you make about direction a stock is going to move, how much is going to move in that direction, and by when that movement will happen, in the form of a contract giving the holder the right (but not an obligation) to buy or sell that stock for a specific price by/on a specific date. 

For example, one might have April 15 2021 *Calls* on Gamestop(GME) with a *Strike Price* of 20. This means that the owner of that contract has the right to *buy* (because it's a *Call*) shares of Gamestop at 20 dollars (which is the *Strike Price*) on or before 15 April, at which point the contract expires and is no longer valid. This is a bet that Gamestop will increase in price past 20 by that date -- otherwise, it's not profitable to buy that contract
🤷‍♂️. I’m just saying. There will be another nio day,another earnings run up, a dip, whatever. Just don’t fomo into it. The time to buy was 2 weeks ago at $44. Or last week at $50.
starting to fly in HK [🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)[🚀](https://emojis.wiki/rocket/#:~:text=Meaning%20of%20%F0%9F%9A%80%20Rocket%20Emoji,user%20is%20determined%20to%20fulfill.)
LMFAO 29.5B on < 1B of Rev? Easiest short ever
🤡💀
You guys ever wander over to TIL and just stir shit up? That whole sub is just a ticking time bomb
Me has no brain so probably 4 lbs on a good day.
Damn y’all been on vacation for a while
No but having 30% of the country angry at you is still a short term profit hit as they switch and a legit long term legislative threat. Also butterfuck, OK businesses advertise wherever their customers are...
Decriminalized = Big Swinging Dick Institutional Money
[deleted]
1.8 million members strong
[deleted]
Wow...
*Average down your long dated calls in the AM for more tendies*
ARM deal falling through = super bullish.
[deleted]
Very unimpressed by "NIO day".  Cool a pimped out EV Honda.  Everyone is making electric vehicles (except nikola).  My NIO PUTS are going to print.
Their motto recently has definitely been : "let's be as difficult as possible"
New-comer Mark Kelly as well I’m sure. I live in AZ and I believe people are expecting him to be very centrist considering the major split between republicans and democrats in our state
Steelers getting raped = steel gang plummeting next week. Puts?
Guys I take that back, futes not looking bullish
1 person got this reference
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kus6r6/the_real_short_interest_of_gme_and_other_details/

idk how true this is tho
What time are we buying back in?
What time China exchange open?
Even as a woman I prefer the woman’s ass ascii to scrolling past that one. Dicks really aren’t *that* cool IMO.
Notifications on stock twits
Buy score bet shares.
I say 500 k at least are real accounts
[removed]
Fuck u
to the 🌚🌚🌚🚀🚀🚀🧑‍🚀🧑‍🚀🧑‍🚀??
SOLO anyone?
Drill team six punching in
2018年8月14日，蔚来汽车赴美上市传闻终落实锤，其备受瞩目的财务数据也一并揭开神秘面纱。
根据其向美国证券交易委员会（SEC）递交的F-1招股书文件，2018年1~6月，蔚来汽车实现总营收4599.1万元，其中汽车销售收入4439.9万元，净亏损33.26亿元。
截至2018年7月31日，蔚来汽车首款量产车型ES8已经交付了481辆，有超过17000辆ES8的订单未完成。
根据此前公开的计划，蔚来汽车在今年10月1日前要实现1万辆创始版ES8的全部交付。目前看来，离目标交付数字相距甚远。
There was no TLDR but your DD is solid. The major reason Tesla goes up is because of the low float and the so many call options people buying on it just making the situation worse.

Do you think this increase in float (by how much percentage? sorry big dd not read) will cause a permanent stop on tesla rising?
it's a super crowded trade, so I assume its mainly manipulation to punish people.

Oh, and people thinking it is risk-on time (and pretty much being right, brrrrr)
Omnichannel and signed partnerships with few companies. Buy and order pc parts.
iCar will offset it.
The market requires correction 🐻
"andrew there are people that are dying"

fuck covid, DKNG to the moon
I told my mommy when  I got this flair so you better not take it away. I'd be fine with combined flair with time spend in this gambling den.
FUCK TWITTER AND FUCK ZUCK
Again I say, goodbye money.
The bloodier futures get the greener we are at open 🥳
wut
Waiting it out
Already have a big pos
Biden Pump incoming https://twitter.com/joebiden/status/1348430675238678528?s=21
Imagine thinking reviews will affect AAPL fanboy base 😂
I usually tease, but holy shit.. BULLS r FUK FUK'd
Any thoughts on KERN for non-OTC US industry exposure?
I like what you wrote, but just a quick caveat.  As an Acquisitions Officer, contracts don't end just because we leave a location.  In fact, many are multiyear procurement contracts and costs are incurred for weapon systems whether they sit dormant or are in the field.  Granted additional premium is certainly charged to the gov't when we are in war, but contract renewals happen to also prevent technologies from expiring too -- sorry a bit of a rant, just very very very bullish on PLTR based on what I've seen in the backrooms.
I'm really interested in BIDU's EV move. BIDU is now a company many Chinese nationals hate due to their manipulation of search results and aweful ads.
Wtf is a fit?
Yeah, I’m not crazy about getting involved in any of that as of yet. I think I understand enough, but it’s too risky for me right now. I want to learn without losing my ass.
This is going to be another one of those fake futures dips that is solid green by 9am, isn't it?
[deleted]
fetlife?
Huh huh I like money
Are we assuming that cannabis stocks are going to continue going up or is the rally going to lose steam?
[deleted]
Silver crashing, should’ve bought puts last week
Chinx have infiltrated BOA
I’m tired of these rumours. I think PSTH should just acquire federal reserve. 😂

But it may happen that they acquire subway or chickfil etc.
Bruh I think they dead
Lmk
Well its seem to affect everyone very differently. One of my friends is in his early 30s and used to run marathon, but he was stuck on a respirator for 3 weeks back in June. He is okayish now, but just started back at his job (he is a doctor working with covid patients). His girlfriend got it as well at the same time and she didn't even feel a thing.
Get the fuck out of here and don’t come back, we don’t use either of those no-no words around these parts
And where exactly do you see your claim?
What’s wrong with the one you have?
This is WSB...he doesn’t have to be smoking anything, that’s just the kind of people that live here
np baydreams
Someone tldr gme conference
[deleted]
I’ve lost enough money last year to know however we open, we will be green by close.
Same. Sold 150 tsla shares for $300 pre split
1.8M Degenerates. I joined around 300k, wild.
[removed]
Detroit? Islamabad? Kabul?
They may have said it on there but I'm pretty sure it's just the gamblers proverb or something like that.
It’ll dip?
That sounds right. 2 days ago it had a nice mid day surge, I wonder how much more it could go. 

It's intraday moves are pretty big though, but you either get weeks with poor volatility intraday, or weeks filled with 2%+ moves. It's on my watchlist now
TF.. what did I miss.  Why futures red?
Holy fuck GME is gonna launch this week.

🚀🚀I wish I was holding calls instead of shares🚀🚀
Let me keep buying the top of extremely overbloated companies with absurd P/E in an enormous bubble with the nation on the verge of a civil war, what could go wrong?  Bears ar Fuk.
What seems to be the officer, problem?
On Fanduel: Due to increased volume, settlement of some winning bets may take up to 30 minutes. We apologize for any inconvenience.

Calls on PENN and DKNG.
Are u guys buying shares or options?
Idk about you guys but money is on my mind. Tendies before politics.
Jim Cramer the type of guy to break into congress and leave a grape soda and a pack of Newports on Kamala’s desk
[deleted]
Damn, are the Steelers ok!?
Steel Dynamics (STLD) is said to be producing the cybertruck steel
i think its going to drop. not sure if it will go past 1000. already overpriced imo... could be wrong
Read iPhone 12 Pro reviews


Puts an AAPL
1,800,000 degenerates now... how many are bots? And how many actually have an account?
I have spent almost my entire working day shitposting on WSB because one guy I was supposed to meet with today had something come up (Monday where I live)
I’ve been here like 4 years and never gotten flair, mostly a lurker but I’m a retard that bough tilray shares at the top after its initial run up, I’ve earned my place in the community.
I’m not familiar with ig trading but usually you have to apply and be approved for options trading. Could be why it isn’t showing up.
“Almost only diamond hands left” lol
that's deep bro

but im howngry
They were celebrating prior to futures because of all the hanging candles. Futures just confirmed it.
Yes, got a glass in my hand now. Good stuff
seems like bears are out in full force lately, this just means theyre scared. 

The article you provided has a date of 28th september 2020. Okay but lets still assume it’s 100% accurate, even then a 60% short interest is massive, of the the most, if not the most there is currently in the market. And yes it’s true they will be able to hold out, but inevitably, like tesla, it will rise.
Only hard because you're not lazy enough.
Pleas

30 or I'm homeless
That’s like how the boomers are comparing Tesla’s 500k sales with Toyota’s 11mil sales
Nickelodeon lost a lot of future football fans puts on bears fanbase calls on packers
[deleted]
Lol
🤣
Nah man; fuck the police. They’ll never catch me!
You’re a fucking moron
Hell yes same here Fuck It hard and from the back the Usual
you answered your own question....?
Bagged 10 points rapid on tencent
Look at what valuation they want.
Colonel Taylor small batch
Hype
I'd retire on the spot with 150 shares
die CCP scum
Is there a dating app that only allows big titty goth chicks? 🤔
THATS WHAT A 🏳️‍🌈🐻 WOULD SAY. 

NIO TO 70 TOMORROW 🚀
Futures drill as the browns score more. Coincidence?
If you haven't noticed, almost all social media sites banned Trump so Twitter *had to* follow suit and ban him too. 

https://www.axios.com/platforms-social-media-ban-restrict-trump-d9e44f3c-8366-4ba9-a8a1-7f3114f920f1.html#aoh=16103275816597&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp_tf=From%20%251%24s

I am long Twitter and am with JP Morgan who names it one of its best picks for 2021: 

https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/twitter%3A-a-top-pick-for-2021-says-j.p.-morgan-2020-12-18

My crystal ball foresees a $100 handle on Twitter by this time next year.
[deleted]
Financial fraud is bullish tbh
PM or AH?
Green as my discharge by open
Selling my NIO calls at open and buying the AAPL dip
Cumfiesta 16
More G fam
[deleted]
dollar pumping I guess
Don’t shoot the messenger but Tomorrow will be big red. Sell ur calls in the am
草饿死了
Puts on you sleeping
Really? For Blanton’s price point I think I’d rather have Four Roses single barrel. Especially considering when I find it lately it’s been marked up so much cuz the name recognition
[deleted]
[deleted]
Based
I mean that’s kind of my thought, I’ll be watching it pretty close in the morning.
How you feeling man
This is a sexy level to be at for Monday opening green as fuck
Don’t fomo homie. There’s always another chance.
Small caps dying lol
We need gain loss verified on flair
So many. The political bans got a little out of control for a minute.
🤡
[removed]
Oh
Only half?
Yessir
I have quite a few TSM calls and was thinking of getting more, but the IV is kinda high going into this week
You mean that team that sat in the basement for 20 years has finally fielded a decent football team? 🤡🤡
https://twitter.com/NYGovCuomo/status/1348441017549266945?s=20
[deleted]
Yup, fuck China 🇨🇳 I know I’m not investing in POS Chinese companies even if you can make money off them.
Haha I'm not a-scared
Smells like corporate marketing BS

I'd know, I work in corporate marketing
It’s really not 

You have the wrong mindset. 

It’s not a diet, it’s a lifestyle change
So you are in more than one cult?
Good question, those are really big words though so I dunno
[deleted]
I broke even on Thursday and sold. Picked up some air pods earlier and it was fucking nuts. Felt like walmart
My wife told me to put $100k into Tesla back in 2019 and instead I told her wtf you on crack?
Shouldn’t that send the dollar down and hold up tho
You were banned on the 15th of December for 2 days, for instance
🤣
Oh boy -- Acreage. When Acreage was coming to IPO during the last bull run almost every damn post was about how people were reserving money to put into Acreage. And then... they just seemed to fall flat. 

I think the 'consensus' if we can call it that is that they are Tier 3. Many people were upset about very high executive compensation. They got surpassed in footprint, couldn't produce the same level of financials as the Tier 1 MSOs, and ,heir heavily touted 'political connections' (John Boenher, Brian Mulroney) didn't materialize into anything meaningful.

Personally I'm not a fan. If you're buying Acrecage, your probably doing it because you think Canopy will complete their acquisition and somehow turn the ship around. Personally, it's not clear to me yet how Canopy enters, and I haven't seen evidence of them running a tight ship operationally -- for that reason I'm out. One too many unknowns for me!
This is what being a dumbass looks like
I think you mean MT
u/StevenVanMetre must be held accountable
If those kids could read they'd be very upset
WEAPONIZED AUTISM ACTIVATED
I’m ICLN gang 4 life! It’s my largest position and have zero intentions to sell for the next 4yrs, roll call!!
No, it's good to know how long people have been here. Gets old seeing new people shilling all the time. Its a good filter.
Exactly
Dieting hard AF
Should I be holding shares or buying calls here? If calls which to buy?
But all I have left is the credit card bill money. 

Which is 10%/years, or two green TSLA days... Are you suggesting that I should gamble on credit card money?
Don’t worry our new socialist regime will absolve you of all your debt soon
[removed]
$DKNG gonna be good tomorrow

https://twitter.com/NYGovCuomo/status/1348441017549266945?s=20
Yeah, but that's only in the event of a tie. A senator like Manchin being a swing vote is gonna throw a wrench in a lot of progressive Democrats plans
Jefferson’s ocean in a gold rush. Garrison brothers for an old fashioned
Great. I never thought of it as Auschwitz flairs but now it’s all I see.  ಠ╭╮ಠ
At what point do you consider rolling calls to a further expiration? Trying to figure out when to roll my VALE March 21 calls to June
I don't understand. Your own source disagrees with you?

"GME short int is $1.17B; 67.93M shs shorted; 135.35% of Float"

You retarded or smth buddy?
Browns 🆙 today ICLN 🆙 tomorrow.
Once Buydem is in I would expect China to make a big order for 737s as a goodwill gesture and this will make a big pop. a 26 year old jet going down is not good news but nothing like a new 737 max.
I don't think I would like this. Getting a unique wsb flair is one of my goals. Plus if we cared about a poster, we can just check their profile.
It was just an analogy. I meant TSLA, yes. However, currently I think just about anything is overpriced and it looks like ICLN has almost gone parabolic probably on the news that biden is going to win. So I'm guessing everything is going to be having a hard time but I doubt you'd lose 90% value on an ETF.
Me too thanks
[deleted]
It’s spelled Yaris
No, that's your favorite whiskey.
For real how high is APHA going this week?
browns mooning
Don't use any gamer words and we should be good.
[deleted]
[removed]
I would think it was already well known a bigger stimulus would be passed. This rise would be based on something new
Copy, so cashing out my TLRY calls and put into Apha. I have a couple TLRY 9c 1/15 I’m holding. Should I cash out ASAP and switch to Apha or let it ride a few days?
I am probably the ***most lethal option trader*** in ***existence***.
Compliance within health systems will be an uphill battle.

It's the future, to be certain, but too many barriers to getting it adopted. First is that the majority of physician workforce is at the retirement stage. They won't want to deal with getting certified/credentialed to use POCUS.

Then you have QI and compliance. If clinical decisions are made from POCUS but the images can't be saved (billing) or reviewed (QA), then a health system isn't going to allow it.

How does a stethoscope pass the above? I'm not really sure but it's not a biomed device with reviewable images.
Bullshit , theres not a single rocket in the opinion 🚀
yall are some fools.  hahahahaha
i can some some corrections like on friday but the general consensus towards clean energy stocks is pretty bullish due to the fact buyden finna inject straight into our veins
Futures means shit.
I like this, plus what you put in the edit.
Concur especially with the news that came out over the weekend. I Will be doing a NIO LEAP for 2022 and 2023
ALL SHORT NAZI $TWITTER AT OPEN
Interesting
I can't even text my boss to gloat. He'd probably fire me
I've been bagholding this play since Thanksgiving.  Finally almost back to even..
Agreed. Been treating me right so far but I wanna go deeper!!
No luck with 12-15?
iShare
I wonder how that's gonna work out, like how in the actual fuck will the UK allow it considering the whole Brexit fuckery they need every industry they can keep.
If we get a Browns Bills AFC championship America will get so fucked up
Elon says Twitter sucks, Twitter puts
IF YOURE NOT BUYING NIO THEN ITS OFFICIAL YOUR PARENTS ARE COUSINS AT LEAST WHICH MAKES YOU AN INBRED PIECE OF SHIT
Scalping the open for sure. Looking at min 20% gain
Don’t encourage the mods to get more 🅿️🅿️ pics
This thread is a game lobby that takes hours to start.
Too late to get into NIO at open
new virus variants are bullish for tech
yes
Nobody cares about football 💀🤡
Why? Only goes up
I’m going to buy more thanks
Futures are always red. Green by open.
LOL 😂😂
[here’s an article ](https://www.etf.com/sections/blog/21801-understanding-negative-pe-ratios-for-etfs.html?nopaging=1) that explains it
Not a DD. BAN
K
[deleted]
So basically you like to sleep with Wookiee females!
Cathy Woods is a god.
What they getting on about
Perhaps Elon should try insulting the great Pooh bear himself 🐻💩
I dont know how to read hieroglyphics. Plz put all DD in either meme format or emojis. Thank you
He didn't bring any new information at all. Copy and paste. If you read any of this you would know that. Sources cited.
Any of y'all's steel plays going to VALEhalla?!
Gain

Money

Easily
Win me $500 on a $60 bet. LETS GO BROWNS
Cant believe this shit. Investing in gold and silver = being assfucked on the daily
[deleted]
You are missing Enphase (ENPH), one of only two dominating microinverter (for solar) providers in the U.S.
Car might have blinkers , but he’ll never use them
NIO to moon you poorfuck inbred
She even has the dildo and everything. Not sure she even knows lol
That's like the dude off the Kanye West skits wtf lmao
The best part is Steelers fans are the worst
Buy the news?
These sound so juicy
- too much info crammed into a tight space

- if necessary, the info (such as account age) can be gained in other ways; no need to duplicate

- it's irrelevant most of the time because people can post their positions to establish their credibility

- flairs for activity incentivizes quantity. could end up having users polluting more to get flairs

- better the way it is
What moves did you do for PLTR? Calls?
Kfconsole. Its KFC parternered with coolermaster to create a gaming system similar to a gaming pc but with with a built in chicken warmer.
The amount of gay bears rejoicing in here right now has me mega confident on my calls
[deleted]
Weed probably won't be legalized by March
Oh wait nvm you're an actual TSLA bear, lmao peace
Yes, whenever the market goes red, people spend more money because stocks only go up
That's why I'm here and making mad gains, my fellow autist
I just realized that Elon’s oldest son is like 16. 2 more years and he can start being a retard like us and he can give us DD. Maybe the SEC will finally start silencing us
Be careful what you ask for
BROWNS got me BULLISH AF about the market Monday. Let's fucking go.
Congrats king. Im jealous as fuck
[deleted]
Who the fuck is BOA?
[deleted]
Thanks!! I’ve been very fortunate to have money to save this year but I wanted to make sure I was smart with it. Appreciate the direction and feedback.
Not saying it’s gonna be a red day but, could be a good opportunity to load up on calls, Biden announcing stim on Thursday gonna boost the market.
Is this good for PLTR?
I mean. I agree with you there has been some bias. But let’s not make the day at the *capital less than what it was. That was bad. Should the other bad things you mentioned have gotten more flack? Maybe. But certainly the capital riot deserves to be called what it is: a total shit fest.
[deleted]
I’m going all in on Best Buy for the earnings run up. I was in there earlier and there was a fucking line out the door
Im balls deep in MT CLF & VALE. I been checkin the steel futures everyday like im waiting for my old crack dealer to text back. Theyre over $1k out to April '21 and it looks like May '21 is gonna pass $1k as well this week... im not entirely sure im reading the futures charts correctly but it sure gets me JACKED TO THE TITS to pretend I understand them.

 Vito take us to the top of Mt Tendies!
you're thinking of *charles* dickens
Grow some hair on your balls.
Benz c300 coupe AMG sport package (but not an actual AMG). One day.
[deleted]
Just don’t be a beta pussy
Too far down to find. Youtube classic.
I’m gonna talk so much shit to the Steelers fan at work tomorrow
For real. This is nothing
[deleted]
hes not using margin, hes using cash

this is simply buying a call, and then selling it for a higher price. you dont have to exercise. you can just flip when price goes up.

no margin.
Yes
Gives us better entry 😎
Market like this you should be hedged like the Buckingham Palace.
Depends on if you think people will genuinely give up that tech because if what’s going on. Outrage is fickle and normally short lived. Full disclosure, I think Twitter is a cesspool and only good for finding things out real time and otherwise it’s just a sharks vs jets circlejerk. FB is just where people post crap for their families or just share random crap to other boomers. Really full disclosure, AAPL is bae. But also I hate it when it stagnants for months for no reason!
I’m not. I’m in CRISPR, EDIT, NTLA, and NVTA. All 4 are among the biggest holdings of ARK.
For all those that missed the memo.  He yolo'd 10k, wound up with 100, and bought the plates. That's it.  Lol
Google the weekend dow
They released an actual car? I didn't realize they actually had any physical product yet.
I think the combination of unique flairs and those with WSB age/activity would be cool
Fucking hoe is just so cringe lol. All her stuff is just stolen. Tired of everyone trying to make money off being a furu.
Yes
that other guy looks blind
BULLISH
[deleted]
[deleted]
Na fuck China
Meanwhile, Cleveland up by three touchdowns already lmfao
Unpopular  Twitter would be better if all politicians were off the app
They will win the whole thing, watch.
Yes it will.
I hear “they” use yahoo finance and investing. I prefer the tos app on my iPhone. The watchlist is 🔥
Dumb Mods didnt put TM on a Chad boy, every IG/tiktoker retard is using Chad to shiil their stonks! Puts on Wsb management
[deleted]
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
... you think Tesla will reach $8,000?
[deleted]
I think I like 'rastlin again
Always is
Everyone is selling to buy in to NIO /s
Just a few more days, sir...we’re just completing our...erm...final sign off process.
I would definitely sell those ARKG $129.96 calls, the rest I would keep for the stimulus announcement
Anyone else have a prison tattoo of a flair?
Yeah yeah one day green dildo storm will pass
We survived the last banwave so that's good. But you're right the way reddit is headed I wouldn't be surprised if they increase moderation and censorship. It's sad to see, reddit was way better when it wasn't heavily modded and there was more og content. Now most of the main subs are dry af and half the comments are gone in some posts. The modding is out of control. Does anyone have a link to the discord?
Any flair at all would be nice...
Man is about to lose his social media accounts and his money ☠️
Your favorite Whiskey: Four Roses single batch
[deleted]
[Buy the dip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0akBdQa55b4)
Girls posting pics so they get attention
wrong
Can make a comfortable blanket out of those degrees
Yeah prepare to be honked at 0.002 seconds after the light turns green by this guy
LOVE 50
If CCP is ACTUALLY trying to manipulate NIO stock THAT hard then it will probably pump regardless...
My new year resolution is to finally hit 4 inches, not seeing any progress but still hopeful
I’m sure there will be a dip in the AM followed by healthy growth. Bears are just hard because they bought puts Friday and don’t realize futures always cuck the other way at 9
[removed]
Feeling a 378 open
That's a decent amount of equity you've invested for a new trader. If things keep going the way they're going, like u/vitocorlene said, hold and some or all of these will print.
Reminds me of when r/bodybuilding did a similar thing giving flair rating people’s physiques if they sent in photos.

It ended because it turns out some of the mods were passing around the photos and making fun of people.

I feel like this would be an even more autistic version of that, we should do it.
🌈🐻 SPOTTED, PROCEED WITH CAUTION
$U gang buying then dip or waiting it out?
Someone salty cause they missed out on TSLA gains?
Lol dollar will die once again this week after biden’s proposal is revealed
There’s no news. It’s bringing awareness of this revolutionary technology to the investor community.
Open by green
Gme to 21 Monday, 25 EOW. Holy fucking shit, Cohen's gonna take us to the moon EOM.
Bootlicker.



But yeah I agree
[deleted]
CCP fuck na
[removed]
How many stupid ass liberal arts degrees holy fuck lmao, unless it’s from an Ivy that shit is pointless
Isint Buydem supposed to discuss next stimmy soon?
Not sure what tomorrow brings but steel is melting up all year. Steel is the one stock I have the most conviction in. Diamond hands activated.
BABA finna fly again
[deleted]
Pity upvote
1/29 140c. Sold it too soon got garbage premium for it. Still making good money if the shares are called away but not what it could have been
I’d probably do not a whole lot tbh so no reason to think about it
Depends on how you feel about the efficiency of markets
The Browns already won halfway thru the 1st quarter
Will break $58 after dip
Hoping CMCs ER will be good for my Jan calls. if so im rollin those profits into VALE.
I got mine after I updated the app
Nasdaq actually holding up well vs SP
Six months would be ideal but one year would be better. Perhaps something special for those who have been here for years too.
Steelers dip
10%
Lmfao , I googled him. I thought it was a writer or something along those lines.
Bulls may be fuk all im sayin
That's what I'm saying, vacation has lasted long enough it's time to see that bald head and throw up a dub for everyone to see
[https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1348430675238678528](https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1348430675238678528)

Silver n gold dumping in preparation of guaranteed forever stimmy and forever QE and forever negative real rates  


Me, bags growing heavy: 🤡💄
Well in that case the numbers spell out "tendies"
Reminder that unless you're trading futures, your money isn't up or down yet you paper-handed wusses
No.
Yeah a hellcat challenger moment
Yes
Seriously, BMW is such a broke bitch boy brand
Holy hell you guys are reactionaries
Y’all had me thinking we where down by like -300 on the Dow or something
Bullish chinese CPI = dump? that's the most recent news I'm seeing
finally a positive post from dwd.
Maybe, but use the opportunity to buy the dip, this is where you get the 10 bagger opportunities
CATL most likely
I would think people all around the world like swinger parties...
How funny would it be if some wsb'er sits on onlyfans but is talking stonks only.
Instagram is the best EV play
Looks like BOA just upped the PT to $250
You are paying way too high a premium to get in early
On these- just about every name.

I’m more contrarian- I think there will be better opportunities to buy these in a few months
Oh look. It’s a poor
- futures down a quarter percent 

- 🌈 🐻 “wErE dRiLliNg”
Lol
Ok
Wednesday and Thursday were a consistent uptrend, excluding the temporary dip bc of the Trump invasion
Steelers finna get boatraced
[Here you go](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/i-have-nearly-600-000-in-student-debt-after-getting-four-college-degrees-can-i-still-buy-a-home-11604085042?siteid=yhoof2)
You’re mad poorfuck
Plays piano...every Chinese character in movies plays piano in one of their roles.
Hope you will make 6 figures with at least   1 of those 4 degree or you are a true autist and I have no sympathy
Hmmmm. What kind of price target are you thinking in the next year or two. Looks like I can grab shares on TD ToS but knowing so little about it I'm not sure I want to fund an account I never used.
There is a shortage on spinach and nacho cheese

There will be no dip tomorrow
The corn cult is expansive lol

I kid, but I’ve also never come across any mellows in Austin but I’d like to try it
🚀Gee Ehm Eei🚀
It’s -.24 now these gehy bears are getting out of hand.
Where do you guys follow the trading at this hour? What’s the best tracker??
Where did you get such an ugly, messed up phone and why are you taking a pic of your phone? LOL
“I currently work at Wendy’s and have $200 in my checking account, $50 in savings and 3 fractional shares of tesla. Can I use that as collateral for my down payment?”
How does Wall Street Bets feel about **ICLN**?

Seems like only positive sentiment around it, and I haven't been able to find a bear yet (been looking for months now)
[deleted]
We fucked
I dig it. Better than the ban flair at the moment.
Negative, pacifica is the Cadillac of it. Shits so fun to drive
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I have the best picks, if only I had money and wasn’t living paycheck to paycheck...

**URL:** https://redd.it/kurksh
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kurksh) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/GetMeBluntz, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
Jsand117
tomk2020
Jesus not stop drilling
You're *
All I wanted for Christmas was WSB flair. To answer your question this is meh. It's kind of a cool idea but the flair here is such a badge of honor, I'd say keep it unique.
Nio
Retard newbie question here: does it make sense to invest in stock based on longterm option's price? whoever prices the options gotta know what he's doing
Yes
Lord I hope so
Nope
For those reading SMG = Scotts Miracle Gro and the argument would be that they are an accessory play for Cannabis because of the agricultural supplies they offer. 

Personally I'm not interested. I just find the pure exposure of the cannabis companies to be more compelling then the accessory plays.
13%?? BAN
The odds were irresistible
[Here's the story](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/i-have-nearly-600-000-in-student-debt-after-getting-four-college-degrees-can-i-still-buy-a-home-11604085042?siteid=yhoof2)
Yes
Seriously, that stock has so many people shorting it that you'd have tens if not hundreds of thousands of suspects if Elon got suicided.
Nope. Just tired of providing info to other people for good money stocks, and they either don’t read what’s happening in other comments in this topic, or they just don’t research. Besides, the iCar news has been pretty big the past couple days.
Are you guys ready for the usual Monday dump? We always dump Monday but I never learn and always hold positions over the weekend 🙃
Lmao. Your username is literally “WinnieDaPoo420” seems like someone has no other personality traits...
Hahahaha boomer
2018 Honda Odyssey. It’s the Cadillac of mini vans.
When it’s 1 cent to charge your phone it’s fine losing 50% efficiency. But when it’s a 40 dollar charge for your car, paying 80 bucks for it is a bad idea.
Well you would think a Quad Doctor could afford a house.
NIO blood red tmw confirmed
That’s been long established but who knows when
You just have to act woke. But not too woke, like just edgy enough.
Who is providing the solid state battery?
[deleted]
Same but ANAL DEVIL 🔥🔥🔥
Cresco (CRLBF)  offers more upside due to their wholesaler approach and having a coveted distribution license in California via their acquisition of ORHOF. That means they don't need a retail location to distribute their goods. Think about that in the crowded Cali space.
Short X
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[removed]
So literally just a Chinese guy posting a DD is a professional government plot from the CCP...?
My life sucks thx to gold
Link to post?
I like it
There's a healthy chunk of those who are very active in the daily discussion but don't submit much, and those are further split between the pure shitposters and the play discussers. That system wouldn't be able to differentiate between those who are dishing out plays and those dishing out shitposts.
Por que no Los dos
Please
Tesla down 5% tomorrow?
Y’all RH is #2 in finance on the App Store, this ship literally can’t sink it’s now floating on the infinite wealth of the American working class
this is my DREAM m5 blacked out fuckkkk
Percent chance drops 10 fold.
Green by open
Hahahaha all you morons asking earlier “are my calls going to be okay?” 🤣🤣🩸🩸
Wow you fuk
Call that bitch by his real name — ‘Cassandra’
Eat ice cream, play cod
Thanks just ordered all of them for the next pandemic. EZ flip.
Favorite based on Vegas odds
These cocksuckers are greedy and are trying to squeeze every penny out of the market. It would of been cheaper to buy their original ipo at a 300% increase than their current direct listing price. Fuck em
Does this mean WSB is more secure than the Capitol Building?
Tesla is going to dip
Buy the dip tomorrow!!
I will regret this to the rest of my life
Everyone likes making money
How do I buy puts on the Steelers
The quickies way for the FBI to identify the capitol rioters is to see who has puts expiring tomorrow.
ICLN GANG BEEN KINDA QUIET THIS WEEKEND because we’ve been chilling w our gains, but work starts again tomorrow
fuck commie stocks, my homies hate commie stocks.
I stopped believing that Jerome is doing this. He only provides the liquidity. But as of yet the FED does not directly buy stocks. And even if they did, they wouldn't make it go up like this. Just look at other countries where the central bank has bought stock.

No, this is just retards buying stocks because 'papa powell won't let me lose money'. Well here's a wakeup call, if anything, he'll call the banks to say they have to unwind some positions on your sorry ass, and then the thing comes crashing down the real players will buy those stocks from you for pennies on the dollar.

Also, I'll give you an outlandish prediction.. If the nasdaq actually gaps down a lot, I'm calling a margin call on Softbank. They are peak autism and it wouldn't surprise me if they got caught with their pants down.
😂😂😂
They'll bitch about it on Twitter. Carefully. Cuz they don't want their accounts suspended.
[removed]
Green boy open you fooking nerds
Tesla is going to have a Challenger moment this week.
Fuck a bitch named futures
uhhh mr powell

id like to order one bailout please and thank you
Bruh
Sure ?
His math is better than most on WSB.
[deleted]
i keep imagining what i would do if i was on that indonesian flight

is this like reverse ptsd?
🚀GME🚀
I like my flair. Has a subtle touch to it.
Absolute clown shit
I'd say being a member of /r/wsb is bad enough. There is no need to go around telling people how long we've been members.
Im at 80k now
1/15 TSLA 1080c starting to sweat a lil...
Ban
You sound broke af lmao
friday 3:55pm baby, momma ain’t raise no bitch
???
Puts on Canada
🚀
[removed]
sounds good
Is it out?
[removed]
No doubt🤣 little doe she know
drink myself to sleep
Futures a little more red than I woulda liked
how does that even happen? The math don’t add up
BYE BULLS
Big and biglier
Can someone explain PBWs -136 P/E?
Hyundai... ugh. 

Wait, it makes sense.
All in on clov
Your maths are correct good sir. Very rich man indeed
People think the market will be red tomorrow but futures are fake so who knows
lol I’m so attached to this dumb ass flair at this point 🙃
1/13?  Check the chain bud. Options expire on Fridays...
They typically make money off of AUM and other products. We are so used to doing our own trades that we are like "wait what why would you have someone else make your trade" - I lifted the below off of a popular WM firm just to illustrate how they make money from the above.

**Representative Assisted Trade Fee**$25 additional per trade*Flat-rate commission and fees apply*
[deleted]
Nextcar is nios Chinese name translated back to english. How bout you posy the Chinese and I'll translate?
Feels basic for this sub. Can I also please get a change in my flair to “Patron Saint of Anal” or som
Trying to decide on if I want to double down on ROBO.  Bought some calls with 70$ strikes out to June with 16% of my account.  It was a bit risky but I'm not sure what ROBO is going to do so I'd like to be on the positive side if it keeps going up.  I bet the market will fall hard sometime this month, but I don't know if ROBO will fall with it or just go sideways.
My march 19 400p are happy
Why can't people not understand this? JFC man.
If it gets this damn prison tattoo I got for mentioning something between a boat and a raft I’d like that.
Why?
I have 18 Jun 120 Calls but sold the 15 Jan 136 soooo I will take a delayed launch please
They must realize I’m retarded enough
lmao this dude bought puts on instagram and FB

https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/kunbni/parler_ceo_says_service_dropped_by_every_vendor/gisunik/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Looks like bug fixes and improvements but who knows
Who cares. Are stonks going up or down?
We r drilling
Help identify the pumpers and bullshit artists keeping us retards safe? It's not the worst idea
Puts on covid hospitalizations
Isn't that the Barstool Sports guy or something?
Bruh we're a million+ people on this sub, easy. Most of us buying into the stock market. Specifically the bits that give us outsized leverage relative to the money we put in. $100 options from broke teenagers adds up. 

Even if we can't outright affect price of the underlying or volatility, (which we arguably can and have done before) we have actual analysts watching us, since occasionally we really can hit a home run on the next big thing. WSB is a significant PR and advertising platform in a number of ways. Not to mention we're waaay more risk tolerant than the 🌈🐻  in r/investing or such. 

If the Chinese Cocksucking Party can take advantage of that, then they have a significant inroad to either fuck with our Amerifag/Eurotrash economies, pump the shit out of their own *at our expense* (and swipe our tendies after, see the Cayman Island post above a bit), or more likely both.

Edit: You're right in that they don't *need to* get us on board to pump NIO specifically. But it's an added plus. Nor does it hurt them to convince us all to dump whatever Western company they target that day.
Calls on $FE
I mean yeah. I just yearn for the old days when you had to work a little harder to be deceptive and push your agenda.
Forming a dip to buy
CCP bad. TSLA calls good.
Browns winning would be bullish AF 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Competing with Model S huh. Of 499.6k deliveries in Q4, Tesla delivered 18.9k Model S and Model X combined (<4% of total).
Well good thing I only held 1 of my spy calls and sold the rest
[removed]
I like! Very nice!
Fuck gold
Shotgun
[deleted]
Not everyone they’re still rolling it out slowly
Length and girth
He never left
Who is Chad Dickens
Anyone buying NIO calls
Yes, we need PLTR to 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Why’s the assumption that I’m gonna lie? the growth has been fueled by hope of a 2k stim that may or may not come. Not to mention the Spector of tax hikes in the offing.
This is the way
I mean I’m not gonna trust media on something like this. People like to see things go to shit, so they just hype it up. Everyone I know, including older grandparents, ended up being fine. I’m sure some people get it bad, but let’s be real, those same people would be rekt by the regular flu.
-1
Just the stats. Or...if someone has been here say 3 years or more, let them pick their own (within reason).
https://twitter.com/grdecter/status/1348443441143943168?s=21

Did this bitch steal this off wsb?
Commodities falling hard, Dollar rising ‼️
Man, you coulda replied to that Cliffhanger with another reference but you did the opposite of 'No one tell him'.
Move Friday but tomorrow works
What is this shit
Biden gonna introduce his plan on Thursday 🚀
[removed]
Great idea
What ever happened to wizdaddy?
[removed]
Market isn’t green! Dip dip dip!!!! 🙄
-0.5%?? Not massive
I amuse disabled people pretty well
ICLN is the way
[deleted]
[removed]
Free rides in the back of cop cars
MT to the moon plz
Sombody piss in your cheerios or what? Your kind of rude bud. Fucking 🌈🐻
Y’all salty AF. Let him live!
ICLN calls
You sound like a fucking loser lmao
If you believe big tech stocks are the future, then you are the retard here
It’s been the talk of the town in this sub
Thats probably not good
You’d have to make the sub private for that to work.
>I have nearly $600,000 in student debt after getting four college degrees. Can I still buy a home?

Jeez!
Steel gapping up tomorrow morning? Trying to make my position bigger
Gonna need more characters. If you know what I'm saying.... Big dong is what I'm saying.
Had a buddy in college (this is like 2003-2006) who would walk into parties and just go “aaaBEEEE...” and a bunch of people would start singing Scat Man with him. Looking back, it’s the dorkiest thing in the world but it was really fun in the moment 🤷🏻‍♂️
Wait so just for my own personal clarification the pyramid scheme comment was directed at Tesla and not ICLN?
😂😂🤣 I seriously cant even the #s dont lie
Even gay bears like football. I’m not sure what that makes you.
You think the folks who live in Butterfuck, Oklahoma are the biggest consumers for big tech?
THE UNIVERSE IS OUT OF BALANCE
Name sounds Chinese
It’s already 1 month I think
DXY up & SPY down ?  hmm
What app is this and how to dark mode?
I just ate so much butt
Haha you’re funny
As someone who cycles through reddit accounts every couple of months, I don't really like the idea.
Why hide it when they can easily sway minds of a very large portion of the population?
Priced in
What strike and exp you eyeballing for vale ?
Ban
Yes
Clean energy up in anticipation for Biden’s budget on Thursday. Calls on PBW
Bro, cnn covered the summer shit 24/7. I saw Don lemon reporting in his pajamas. i.e. he don't wear any
The chud rebellion ended in a decisive failure. Most will end up hopefully in jail
love you too, dad
How much more likely are you to get laid if you tell a girl you are a liberal arts major at a party?
I think if you earned your flair then you should keep it or have a star beside it or something
Fake dump
Flair me daddy
I just got an update from RH
I’ll bet you $10 that tomorrow is green
Study how options work very carefully before you think you know how they work. Just trust a retard who learned a valuable lesson about how options work.
Husband and I combined income is 450k, can we afford the audi 1998 a3?
This article appears to be the same one from Connor Smith posted 1/8 via Barrons

Regardless of the validity of the numbers, thats what is being reported and what is going out to prospective and current buyers through brokerage apps (that feed Barrons news in them).
People that freak out about futes are those that play weeklies with 100% portfolio because 1 bad week and they are busted until next stimmy
Midol
Featuring Elon Musk
How much u got on it
This is stupid.  Lots of long time active posters are full of shit and people who never post and just lurk can provide pretty valuable DD. Like if somebody is mostly lurking on here and then they take the time to post something then it is likely to be more thought out than whatever the average WSB dummy shits out his frito-hole.  If anybody is stupid enough to fuck their life up by blowing money based on what somebody posts on the internet then you were gonna fuck your life up by getting scammed one way or another anyway.
Yes both would be perfect thank you
Watch sum monkey porn 
Always gets me off
They will probably sell wholesale to edible and concentrate makers lol
25k ones will probably be less range and performance tho

priority needs to be increased battery and charging stations
[deleted]
Holy shit Tesla is going to tank lmao
I'm about 99% sure WSB is the new way to do a propwr pump and dump.

1) Buy a lot of cheap shitty options on a meme stock

2) Post a fancy-sounding DD about those options either right after market close or just before market open

3) Watch volume on your shitty options spike from 5 to 5,000 instantly

4) Sell most your shitty options to the retard who pretended to read your DD

5) Post a porn screenshot of your 1,000% gainz
Not as of Friday, I checked
maybe it is, maybe it isn't. If you really knew you'd leverage up your whole family's net worth and buy calls. Sell every posession you have just to buy that one more call. But I'm sure you're not that confident.
“Yes”
Giving or getting golden showers? Big difference.
No problem. !remindme 24 hours
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Holy shit spy just took a massive shit
Certainly sir
I love how roblox was meme'd for a week and then dropped 100% even before release.
Is there any precedent? Not that I'm aware of. 

Any safeguards? Well, I doubt you would have the right as a foreign investor to go to Chinese court and challenge the rugpull. Stark contrast to the US. One thing the US does well is give everyone a judicial remedy; for example, the Chinese actually had the ability to challenge the Huawei ban in US court (and they did, in fact, judicially challenge the ban).
Next time you're at the doctors ask him for a prescription for https://www.rxlist.com/maxalt-drug.htm Literally the magic pill for migraines. Cannot recommend it enough. Don't forget to wash it down with some refreshing KO 60c 3/19.
Thank you sir, this conversation has satisfied my needs to have a articulate discussion with my fellow man. Such a uncertainty in this time that is. I say to you good day! And may you go fuck yourself with a goldest of fists you may find on this kings friendly day
unironically because it's cheaper and WSB can afford calls
MindBlown

https://giphy.com/gifs/producthunt-mind-blown-blow-your-26ufdipQqU2lhNA4g
[deleted]
ICLN is newer, they want it to follow the same trajectory as TAN.
Gtfo
Your a freak
ICLN gang thanks you for bringing attention to the cause
Buy anything 30 mins after market open
Should I drink EH Taylor SiB or Weller 12 tonight?
Genzedong is a pro-china, communist tankie subreddit, just for everyone who might be wondering.
My random pick for next week was dkng 1/15 60c @25c. Wish me luck
Move to Italia.  You'll adore it.
[deleted]
Thanks for the nastolgia. My pops took me live to see it in Albany NY. I was maybe 9 at the time.
Does this massive pump continue tomorrow?
[removed]
Ah I’m Canadian so I didn’t see it on my stay holiday list.. I feel cheated
Why are futures down with big papa stimmy news coming Thursday?
I very much appreciate the thought that went into this response and knew that this would be the right thread to find an expert.
Yes there is so much money on the sidelines.
I like the account age and the activity level
Yup. Something to the effect of “This user has no verifiable WSB history. As always, do your own DD”


Idk you’re smarter than me, I believe in u!
Imagine betting on the Steelers
Why not both?
This is a man with steel focus, true dedication
I like this idea, but I also like earned flair for stupid shit too.  Why not both?
Depreciating liability* cars are a huge money drain
[removed]
Who let the  🌈 🐻 in here?
Maybe it has to do with the volatility. All the other stocks I own I can. Very odd
Tsla top confirmed.
You can buy 0DTE on Rh now?
Every auto manufacturer loses money on their $25k cars. The segment is just a loss leading marketing placeholder so they can theoretically lure aspirational customers to the brand.  Predicated upon the tenuous hope that they will eventually buy a high profit margin truck, SUV or luxury sedan. The issue is that $TSLA shares are already priced in expecting that they will compete and steal vast amounts of market share from every manufacturer ranging from Kia to BMW. I had a debate with a friend who said TSLA is competing for the performance car customer who would otherwise buy BMW, Audi or Lexus. That is a vision of Tesla from 3 years ago. The shares are now priced with the expectation that it will compete with basically the entire range of the market from econoboxes to Lamborghini. Being forced to sell a car for $25k is a net negative.
may I introduce you to Armenian women
Working out bro
[deleted]
Yes
CRSP and EDIT will keep memeing tsla style this year get on in genome revolution so u can afford to reverse your aging and grow a set of tits to feel up and a bigger wang to blow yourself. This will fulfill your destiny
S-c-r or t-s-c-r-f. Still otc in US but they have Canada's most popular sports app and second most popular in the US. Deals with NBA, Penn and other casinos to open up sports betting as it's legalised across us states and Canada which largely has bipartisan support to raise tax revenue for all the covid expenses. They have like 500 million users monthly and are uniquely positioned to have betting inside an already popular sports app.

Doesn't have to get anywhere near dkng to payoff big time, if they do end up competing with dkng then tendie heaven.

I have 27.5k shares and will probably add more.
Be honest why do you think that?
CCP downvotes
Totally agree... Just an interesting change in behavior from the full-on, balls out monetary policy
Nah, it’ll dump on holiday sales numbers Monday morning, then pump bigly after IRC
Cleveland Browns are the best team in the NFL
Definitely SELLING TESLA UNDER $300 PRE SPLIT
What if people hide their flair?
yessir
Positions or ban boomer
[deleted]
*shares
I hope it goes down so i can buy more shares. That being said you're a 🏳️‍🌈🐻 have fun missing out on these tendies. TESLA $2000 EOY 💲💲💲📈
Laughed, but not sure why
had extensive head injuries when I was younger, used to have crazy migraines for days on end, look into daith ear piercings, they have helped me a lot since i got them... Also tons of weed, excedrin, more weed, take a long shower, more weed, take a nap, more weed if need be
Thanks to everyone who replied. Really appreciate the awesome and free advice on this subreddit. I’ll go with selling 100 and keeping 200 for selling covered calls.
ICLN is the way
I’ve been buying shares every other day for the last 3 months now.
[removed]
Lift. 
If you're really an angry guy, why don't you take some jujitsu classes? Go as hard as you want.
pleas include penis size too
I fuck with it
Well my mental health has gone to dog shit since being locked up like an animal for 9 months , losing 10k on weeklies means nothing to me , so what other neurological affect can it have ?
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
#🌈 MOD GETTING STICKY AGAIN FOR AWARDS
So a man? Got it
Go fuck yourself off a cliff and never come back please
fair point. and from what I've seen the 3 hectares are undeveloped, so CBD oil is their starting point.
They use AI to predict disease nd hence the cost of insurance is low. Market cap is just 6 bn. Insurance companies can scale pretty easily and its spac backed by chamaths ipoc
Forget bubble, forget fundamentals, forget everything you think you know.  The only thing to know about a stock is buying and selling.  Riddle me this: what would convince the Tesla faithful to sell the stock?  I don't have an answer for this.  For it to be a bubble, Tesla owners would have to panic sell.  That doesn't happen.  When the market crashed in March, Tesla bounced back faster than just about any stock.

Burry made a lot of money fast.  That tells me two things.  One, is that he doesn't hedge.  Two, is that he owns a lot of just a few positions.  Also if the stories are true he is very stubborn and dug in.  By year's end he will lose everything.
Doesn’t mean everyone else will have a similar reaction. It’s foolish to think so
Being dead inside has helped me. No extreme lows or highs.
Let's blame Dr. Burry for the next crash
😂 i would love that
[deleted]
Shit you’re right, I forgot about that. Thanks a lot
5 words “Green New Deal and Stimmy”
I don't think it's a fraud. I'm saying it's overvalued. And currently a ton of people are holding the stock who exclusively hold it because 'it is gonna print'. So if it doesn't, they'll have to sell. And the whole house of cards will come tumbling down. The stock price that is. The company itself doesn't have to, unless it depends on further fundraising. Which it shouldn't according to Elon... but you know, he has his way with the truth.
Yep and up 30% after this month and minimum 130% after 2021 is over
You shut your dirty whore mouth. GME is a saint
I disagree, BD's robots are already designed with real-time obstacle navigation.  Equipment like LIDAR, acoustic sensors, etc aren't stranger to them because that's how they're able to operate.  They might not be navigating at the same speed as a moving vehicle, but they've got a massive chunk of the tech already working for a very similar application.  It'd just take time to adapt it into this scenario and they'd be good to go for prototyping the neural data for self driving.
He's clearly too young to get the reference
Just flag PLTR holders
Yo this zone feels like you need some planet devouring monthership to drill through man.
Of course
Nahh
[removed]
Twitter🐻
Criticized daddy Trump a bit too much for a certain moderator's liking.
Right, but they just set themsleves up to enjoy permanent non-support of 30% of America. That can bite them later and is going to hit user counts.
Try to get as many fingers as you can in there and don’t stop till your fist is inside even if she says to, girls don’t know what they like. Assert your dominance and keep going until you literally crawl inside of her. Then come out and you’ll be reborn as a man not some pussy virgin asking questions about sex on WSB. Now get out there and make us proud.
This guy is on to something
Look at this https://youtu.be/CQr2wiFMMDM
Looking like a healthy pullback tomorrow. Will be buying dip
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Confirmed.
It’ll hit this tomorrow by 11am EST
Should I move out of pltr into icln?
I'm leaving you guys for r/personalfinance where we brag about our salaries and savings then pretend we need help on what to do with it. Plus no memes
Idk I’m good I just buy large amounts of shares instead of options... and look on yahoo finance for real price or do limits
Check out the timeline for AWK
yeah I'm not sure the Auschwitz flairs will be around for much longer
Bro football is fucking retarded. case closed
My bets are different because I've got a 500k portfolio. Mainly sell calls and puts. This week I'll earn 4k if all goes well.
[deleted]
I SPEND MY MOST CRITICAL TIME THINKING ON THE CAN
I'd say try and keep unique flair too but it's a great idea
Honestly this is good to know.  im a 🌈🐻 at heart and I always need assistance to not dump it all on puts lol
Use your left hand
[deleted]
Strike and date?
I tried waiting for a dip but it never went down. ICLN is looking like a good long term hold especially with Biden.


- Position: 9 shares of ICLN. no options
It's iambic autismeter
Look up Renaissance Technologies & John Simons
Don’t know how calling anyone a cigarette could get someone suspended but whatever.
That's pretty cool
All I want is some gangrene flair
I’m gonna use my black privilege
low-key... (buys) juggling MARA 26c 1/15's with 25p 1/15's might be the wave tomorrow.   Whoever pulls that one off is a beast.  momentum---stop---momentum---stop..... whew
I just saw that stupid commercial too
> at the capitol 

You’re a genius
Go back to the fucking grave Bernanke, JPOW prints harder and longer than you ever could
I don't believe it tbh. This seems like a fake rumor that is being used so the big boys can cash out. How can they go from a 2024 timeline to a 2022 timeline in less than 3 months. I don't think Tesla has EVER released something earlier than expected, and certainly not 2 years early...
Damn do I pour all 2k into a Tesla call or two or nio calls tomorrow morning?
Tremendous numbers 
very bullish
I trade them ironically don’t worry
damn 35 days what you do ??
What else are you gonna buy, bonds? Hahaha bonds 🗿
Expiration?
[deleted]
Separating new people from veterans at a glance would be nice.
I put my dad into some 1/15 28c like three weeks ago for 0.35 a piece. They’re now at 6.00. That’s why there’s hype
Cool. Lazy, and after I give you the stuff to look up, entitled. Thanks.
Doesn’t look as promising as Workhorse or Nikola or even Li Auto.
What do they do?
Bigly and bigly
Unironically this

It's easier chasing green numbers than it is trying to increase your green numbers
I’m changing my allegiance to gynese
Someone has to hold that 👜
thats a fire ass idea
I prefer my women hairy. Hairy armpit, hairy pouty, hairy ass, hairy arms, hairy legs, ALL OF IT. She has to have more hair than me
This. You don’t quit your job until you have enough to live off boomer ETF returns. If you’re still gambling, you need to be still working.
New news?
I love it - gives a weighted believability. 

Kinda sad though to think that the “local virgin” flair guy would lose his. It sort of is the perfect flair for him tbh.
S&P Futures: -0.33%

Me: Is this a recession?
YUM is KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut.  What are you talking about KFC becoming a tech company?
One of the greater mathematicians of our time runs it and it’s performance is phenomenal.
Sir futures may stop dropping now please
They look prime for some nice nickel contracts from e.v. makers
Yeah just keep rolling, eventually you’ll get ahead of it.
Good positions. I have arkg in my long account
Chad AF
It’s bout to be fuck u/DonCorleone47 in the ass bets you dumb fuck
[deleted]
Nice
It's a ban day - you were banned on the 10th of December 2020 for 2 days (1 bans total)

I was banned on the 6th of October for 35 days (1 ban total)
Idk... ANAL GOD makes me chuckle every time I see it
People earned their flair, and I think they won't want to lose it. Mods are gay btw.
All time high is bullish
Boggleheads forum?
Let's do it. I don't post anything because I don't know how to make funny videos so I just talk shit. Have only flair to gain.
It will have great cameras and a gorilla glass Windshield.
I hope when the federal govt ends the prohibition of weed that SPY hits 420 based relaxation of the laws. SPY definitely going to 420 this year.
Gynese yes
Worth a test run maybe
Stop giving me awards you rich fucks
Did you ever eat toothpaste out of your girlfriends asshole
[deleted]
I’ve been here over a year and still dumb as hell. No one should listen to me.
I was think about buying $1200 1/22 calls. Tryna make a quick profit and roll over if I can
Friday dip 🐍🐍✈️✈️✈️✈️
But only China.
Icln
Sorry for picking your brain for your opinion. down voted..
Whelp there goes my TB/PIT parlay
Botox or caffeine
How's the FA make money? The commissions from liquidating the account?
[removed]
Right, more money in peoples’ pockets isn’t bullish for e-commerce and retail. Super far fetched.
When lots of things are uncertain, tech simply isn’t. Regardless of political comes and goes, tech is fully integrated into society and it isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. Pick almost any tech company (not memes) and zoom out over the last ten to fifteen years. Growth...plain and simple.
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1348441927096610820?s=19

U.S. COVID update: Number in hospital falls for 5th day in a row

- New cases: 222,918
- Positivity rate: 11.5% (-1.6)
- In hospital: 129,229 (-1,548)
- In ICU: 23,625 (-106)
- New deaths: 1,999
- Vaccinated: 8.0M (+292,552)
- Data: COVID TP/BNO
Dow futures basically green, but Boeing is at $150
Wsb is full of US commies now who hate the corporations they're investing in
Pls fly again
Likelihood that NIO is green against a pretty bloody day?

Hell, chances that we flip green by open?
Two poops in one day, gettin some quality toilet time this weekend baby
I could do that. If it's their first submission and it's a DD post, post something?
I’m a 3yr commenter and DD poster of ICLN in November can I get some new flair
Puts on people who laugh at Baker Mayfield commercials
Can u not allow noobs to comment or post for at least 6 months ?
Imagine trading futures non ironically
You’d find out in the big short 2.0
It’s only the beginning.

Boomers out.

Autists in.
Anything for a flair daddy
OP any thought on Acreage Holdings?
Tsla calls and stock. Tan calls and stock
where else would you put your money?
What morning dip?
I figured I was the only one doing this, lol
[deleted]
[removed]
Puts on Pitt!
Michael burry, the guy who invests in water, is saying it will crash.
VW bringing an EV SUV to market which is just over the price of a model 3? RIP Elon
It's when he got banned and for how long
[deleted]
I’ve been seeing more and more TSLA people trash talking NIO in the daily recently
How strong can China be if bats are considered a good source of protein
Just stop saying things because they don't make sense.
This is how we do it
(This is how we do it)
(This is how we do it)..........
Sounds like a good idea just make it super short like 5 characters. Just don't fuck up former flairs
This is Wall Street bets not loser football fan bets. Gtfo r/NFL here you go
Nio $65 1/15
No more money in America. Time to move to gyna and africa big bucks for me now I turn my back on my country and go gynese -_-
why do you think it will pullback?
We like stonks
Gay
Does this mean I get to ditch the prison tat?
cool, thank you
MLK day my guy
Yes
[removed]
I’m down.
Look at the drive way tho
But what about people like me that just shit post in super high volume?
Tencent flying
ASSMAN
Sounds good
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Eightbiter the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We need to keep buying enough awards and reddit won't be able to afford to ban us.
Yeah, well done. He's replying to a post of someone else claiming racism. Which there has been fuck loads of on this thread.

You're awfully fragile. Oh, and dense.
The performance, the secrecy, the pure quant genius that runs it. Fascinating.
What the actual fuck is gold doing
Pullback is scheduled, I would get long dated calls if anything.
Other than your father's cock? Plug, akrg, pltr, icln,mara,amrc. Calls in fcel,plug,mt. Wbu faggy?
Bought it mid day Friday was up +45 at some point but the dip fucked it and it dipped down to -80 before closing at -11
Scrolled by fast and decided to buy more tesla.
Thanks!
But then he'd miss out on all those sweet gains if all the retards utilize his scripts before he does.
So you think it will be cheaper next week?
Yes
This is not iambic pentameter
You're talking like the China is being occupied by the CCP and that's not the case. The CCP isn't a foreign power imposing their will on the people, it consists of Chinese people. And the fact is, most people in China approve of the CCP due to the amazing quality of life improvements it has brought. And that is fine, but that does mean they are willing to look past other things in favor of economic gain. And they are allowed to hold that opinion, but let's not turn around and say the Chinese people are fighting hard against some oppressing force. 

And I'm going to copy paste my other comment:  I definitely agree that it's an uphill battle for them. It's really really hard. But if it were true that all non-democracies were invincible, we wouldn't have any democracies.
I think that only activity should be considered with flairs, nothing else
You know NIO is 🇨🇳 right
I’m Buying TSLA 900c during the morning dip.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
God damn plane crash ring a bell?
Why can’t you just sticky a comment on posts from people who have no WSB history?
[removed]
If the Browns win we’re gonna be so bigly GREEN
Sleep or water ?????
When u pick these fuckers up? I got some NIO shares I’m gonna ride out to the moon with you, might even get some options going tomorrow.
[deleted]
Doesn't seem like they told us anything we didn't already anticipate.
Sure why not. Since I can’t get rid of mine
unfortunately because NY eats a dick they will tax it so fucking hard there will not be money to be made for DKNG
Can we just use dick ascii? The longer the dick the more trustworthy
Wtf whyyy
Easy. Insiders are buying. Probably announce soon.
I’m sorry but is anyone actually buying at these levels?
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?

FUNDAMENTALS DON'T MATTER

NEWS DON'T MATTER
fear of missing out
Browns to the Super Bowl
The system in the US is so Effd takes forever to get anywhere with medication.
Only like half a gram of weed left to last til tomorrow feckin eh
Raris and rovers...god yall some broke boyz
Genius
Any way for the user to pick 🌈🐻🐂?

Like the idea though
I’ve read this 10 times and it’s just repeating in my brain... I have no idea how to process these words in this order.
I’m feeling the same way, currently holding several 1/2022 LEAPS so I may be biased
Yea but I make more money with gyna
Lol at least you're honest about it
oof okay but i have 

30C MT 2/19/2021
This sounds cool, how does age work if I quit and re-joined at one point? I’m gonna look like a noob :(. Thanks for always working to make this place better zj
Nah.
I took saints ML, Browns +6 and o47.5
i don’t remember either reddit created it for me or i was fucked up when i made it
Yeah I just want sick flare, so send that shit!
Accurate
I’m in
amen brother, no more goddam "protests" from either side in 2021 i'm over hearing about that shit. who in the hell has time to go and do that shit? I'll tell you who, not productive members of society that's who.
When you buy the Tesla call? How are you down
CLOV is the play for this week
im bullish, 300 contracts
Yeah been using it for years, never had a problem. Lemme know if you need a link for a bonus on your deposit
Having a hard time figuring out when the best time to roll out my VALE March 21 calls to June would be. Any suggestions?
🙌😤
🐂 and 🐻 flair pls
[deleted]
Just announced that it’s Menards
[deleted]
Same I’m up Bigly , but you just want more and more and are never satisfied. My mental health is better when my portfolio is down 😂
You might be the dumbest motherfucker ive seen on here
I fuck with this.
I would like a warning like only has ghey shares, or gme retard ect
To quote a WSB Shakespeare, "you don't need no fucking toilet paper when you're wearing diapers"
YUM guaranteed to demolish all the competition - I’d dredd competing against them in the fast food space.
I hope so too. I’d say I’ve earned it based on the amount of times the executives have made me stand naked on the range while they hit golf balls at me
i have big migrane bigly

how to get rid of fastly?
I think its a great idea so we can more easily identify the gay noobs
So NIO calls are the move tomorrow
Brokerage account bout to be MT
Explain your flair
The browns nutting up
He's there in the comments too, dipshit.
[deleted]
[deleted]
May Allah be with us all and bring us many tendies🧎‍♂️
People love their flairs. I don’t like the ban info either. Like why do users need to know that
Don’t get rid of my flair!!!!!!!
It’s over on Monday - then it will dump Tuesday after ICR
Yea. Probably best not to overthink it. I’m in a good spot on both and don’t require immediate return. PLTR is beyond frustrating, but it will grow eventually. I have other positions I can liquidate for more NIO, but those are performing too good to sell. Fuck it..
Damn I should have bought more. I got 9 Vale 25c 6/18 for .30
If I were a futures trader I can’t imagine a world in which I didn’t buy the dip tonight
I’m fucked this is pathetic
Sweet
Cool give me flair
[removed]
🤗
Not when you car has the build quality of something you get from a Christmas cracker.
Konichiwa isn't chiness.
Last week, it opened just over $700. Sold 1/15 $840. Wednesday, it jumped to near $800. Rolled to 1/29 $900. Friday, it jumped to $880. Currently sitting on a 2/19 $950c. We'll see what happens tomorrow.
Me either, what are you holding right now?
[deleted]
I think the market favors hilarious shit like the president getting simulatenously banned from all social media. It's the cleanse we all needed after 2020.
[deleted]
The SP500 was down 1.36% for a day. That’s not a correction.
Seems like ICLN is gonna pop off again this week... can anyone confirm?
[removed]
Tomorrow, and TSLA will be the spear tip of it.
I'm a Bears fan.  Give me a good play for tomorrow to save me from perpetual depression.  I'm currently MT $25c 6/18 and BFT $20c 7/16
[removed]
Watching 30k go poof does things to your internal brain centers
Did your broker forward you the handicap parking placard with those trades?
Yes, made over $1000+ on OTM calls on both ICLN, ARKK & ARKG last week
Calls in Ben raping another chick in a bathroom after the loss
No. Cash gang playa
That is still some pussy ass shit if you ask me.
I would sell 200, put that money into something more stable and safe. Use the other 100 to sell weekly cc. If you get called on them eventually fuck it you still made money and we’re thinking of selling in the first place. If you don’t you continue to collect premium every week.
Bears aren’t just getting pounded this week they are being impaled
Ops, the phone crashed while posting, sorry. Yes hahah some modern technologic dark age in another universe/planet. sandbox. It has a good comunity in the r/Kenshi sub, really funny (although very morbid) game. But I just invited you to watch the review on youtube, as a fun interaction. It also goes into the idea that we have to laugh at our own miseries, cause there are many hahah
Icln $35c 4/15/21
He was living the best life he could. Not a Christian life. But maxing out levels of enjoyment. Godspeed
Model 3 and also have an F350 for work.
Lol @ Pittsburgh
I'm taking profits.
> I tried timing TSLA and failed miserably.

Tried timing what exactly, shorting?
A lot of TSLA in ARKK
Who gives a fuck about sports what is a free money play
Aye Papi

Futuras verdes!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
At this point I’ll take any flare
Can we just ban china? $BABA was nothing short of market manipulation
forreal
WSB insider trading confirmed
Well s*** if I were them I would buy a bunch of puts and sell my 80%. No brainer.
The market shouldn't do a lot of the crazy shit it is doing. Who fucking knows anymore. We could drill to the core of the earth, or get scorched by the sun tomorrow, and neither would surprise me.
[deleted]
OP is basically advertising to "buy my wife"
But don’t you think holding the contract will make you more since price is predicted to hit $100?
614 shares and 3 calls. To the moon my brothers!
Can somebody tell me why everybody shills ICLN vs. TAN? up 25% in a couple months
Seems like a really good idea.
I wonder how Michael Burry’s water investments have been working out for him
Shit man, it’s mooning already.
What? Are they going to?
[deleted]
F
buy on  Monday, hold forever and don't look at it till you're 60
Yo /r/nfl is this way tards
You're gay but I like this
Amen and awomen
Because my loved USA is creating weak as adult men who get buzzed by nicotine. And also im shtting on the toilet and literally have nother better to do
cum
Maybe - but I like my current flair I earned from votebot

I also like the ban flairs to mark the degens
Same ole browns right Juju?
Yeah I like it
Do you know how ETFs work?
I dispute your assertions.

GM's first mass market BEV came out when? Compare to model S.

And after watching the Hummer EV roll out I decided to look into what GM is calling supercruise. only works on specified highways that have already been mapped and you have to have a 4G signal while driving. don't compare it to Tesla's generic autopilot that comes with the vehicles, compare it to full self-driving especially the latest beta versions.

Ultium vs 4680 cell and structural pack? The battle is already over before it began.
I will be her boyfriend.
How much did they dip?
Of course. Zip locked baggied to maintain freshness.
Tech calls, anything to do with Space
😦
Green dicks rule!
[deleted]
I don’t really care
Convertible rocket ship!
Just own both. I’m 100% diversified into steel. X,  MT, Vale. I even have MP incase they start using it as steel.
[removed]
[deleted]
Lmfao!
Parlay it into NIO you fucker
I ust seen that. They’re expensive bro. Best of luck lol.
> - Small Businesses are primarily conservative and they will no longer be using twitter as a platform for advertisement

HAHAHAHA nobody's ditching twitter as an ad platform
Wall street stopped giving a fuck about mango for a while now.
TAN
Hang in there bro
If you look closely, you see OP giving his friend head in the bumper reflection.
🔥🔥🔥
You can only import cars that are the same as American models that have already been safety certified.  Unless they are more than 25 years old.  Money has nothing to do with the ability to import an et7.
Only have a few shares. If it tanks I’m out only a little. If it rockets short term then I made some tendies! No real long term future for gme unless Cohen does a hostile takeover.
China's so evil I love them
And 500 shares
380p
No, then calls to $1200
[deleted]
Ben Rapistburger sucks
I thought Hyundai was Apple’s partner
Dick in cheek you mean
Diversity of metals and exposure. 

I love MT but VALE is next up for the run.
[deleted]
[removed]
Go check out the SPACs subreddit. They discuss this pretty regularly. Basically, if you buy one of these, you want to get it before certain things happen. Those things are typically before they announce who they're going to merge with, the vote on that merger, and then finally the merger itself. They're pretty reliable at each stage, so you don't want to buy right before the stock drops again, which is usually what happens.


There's no guarantee they're going to go up, of course, but people usually dump these for a quick profit.
I bought another call when it dipped to 38 briefly but still holding $30 2023 calls too
Hmm okayso maybe May then. We'll see.
BMW - Check

SPACS - Check

Autism - Pass with flying colors
Would you shut the fuck up? We’re fucking gambling here.
Thanks for the correction, I’ve been pronouncing  it euphoria this whole time.
What does Canoo have to do with this? I missed it
Lmao I parlayed two dogs. Figured I’d be smart by not going for all three. I picked The Titans and the bears. 🤡
You would actually have to try pretty hard to lose on AAPL last year, love to know how you pulled that off?
I just had an idea for how to improve movies with subtitles: you could overlay audio of somebody speaking the words.
Found the bear
thanks JPM intern, I hope you get the job offer
How recent/often do you need to comment to be considered active?
Fuck “Anti-Evil Operation”.
Heavy metals are the best metals
What a [bundle of sticks].
Thank you for finally knowing your place and submitting to my will. Smart move brother
Just want to go all options gang and I'm already balls deep in ARKG. If I go back into TDOC it'll be leaps, and also liek you it'll be after its been flat for a while or after it pulls back, since leaps on TDOC take up a lot of capital.
The market stopped making sense the second the public could trade en masse via robinhood. It's never going back to fundamentals based trading.
Unless he lives in a filial responsibility state, then you might still be paying for it.
The new M5 is the best looking BMW in this eras lineup.
Idk why you’re so angry
WE DIDNT SELL THE GAME BRO LETS GOOO
If the Browns actually keep playing like this I’m gonna win big on my parlay. LFG
It’s just a year out and that’s the highest call option they have listed on robinhood
Double reply: The majority of those who are unemployed due to COVID are from the on-premises services and retail industries, not your traditional home buyers. Those in work-from-home friendly jobs, like technology, are in a very competitive market which is raising wages.  Many in tech jobs are taking the opportunity they now have to go 100% remote to move to their dream locations (I am one of them) or the saving types are moving to cheaper COL cities where they can stash away more of their increasing income while putting equity into a home financed at 2.75%. I think housing is going to stay booming until either: lumber prices drop making the cost to build lower than the current cost to buy, or interest rates creep up to 5% or better, making it impossible for most people to buy a home at current prices.
One of their planes crashed right as it took off in oingo boingo country. They did not fuel their 🚀 enough.
GameStop short squeeze this week ?
I feel like being too invested in my ... investing is taking a toll on my mental health
Ticker?
Looking for a dip... Feel like we're going to get back into the industrial war complex
2fast 2bicurious
Imagine having a choice btw Ford and NIO stonk 😂😂🤣😂😢😂🤣🤘🏽🤣😂😢🤘🏽🤣😂 

NIO GANG TO THE MOOOOON
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sell the news
They won’t even sell you one Without making you take a monster rip in the lobby
Furthest out were June 2021 $30c when I bought, so technically, no on PACB right now. Could pick up momentum and have some 2022’s within the next couple of weeks.
Same but once these nio calls print
This right here
green energy pleas fly again
Hulk cock
the plane is from the 90’s. it won’t be Boeing’s fault. it will either be the maintenance company that re-certifies the planes or the Indonesian pilot training program
[deleted]
On top of your mother is my position
Bought most of mine in the dip to $40, and I don’t think it’s under $40 ever again.
Freshly worn?
Also asking for a friend...
savant?
I got 60 1/15 on the dip Friday.
Lol, alright man whatever you say
May need to have to take those wheels off during charge. No biggie.
Clov? Messing with that at all?
[deleted]
Actually?
I admittedly probably bought too early. I could see it dropping down to $15-16 if tomorrow's a red day, but we'll see.
Same stressful division happened in 2016 post election. Idgaf what side you’re on man (I’m conservative) shit moves forward. Honestly half the shit that’s going on doesn’t effect your daily life so don’t stress out about it and just view life’s problems in general as cars riding past you while you sit on the side of the road. Don’t chase the cars don’t try and stop them just let them come and go.
Money first, morals later.
Still plenty of football left but I bet all three upsets in a parlay today (obviously that got fucked) but I figured I’d be smart by hedging with a parlay of a favorite sweep.🤡
How the fuck could you even put meme into the same sentence as these 3 tickers?
I got in at like 0.75/s and spent like $1 per contract. I don’t even have to care what it does anymore  lol
You’re speaking in riddles. Is YUM the right ticker?
I’ll sell you 2022 puts, name the strike.
What’s the difference 🤷🏻‍♂️
https://i.imgur.com/LsxMort.png

Sitting on a bunch of OTM yolos rn yall think dis shit finna print or nah
Literally google everything about their Q4 and iCar. I’ve explained this to 7 people on here today. No one fucking researches this shit anymore.
[removed]
Jokes on him, We pump NIO already...
[deleted]
O.E.G
Sold 10 Tesla calls at 3:58pm...Approximately 15 minutes before the 5:1 split announcement
How are nasdaq futures holding up this well with all the after close tech goes to war with Donny and friends headlines?
When I’m at the moon you losers are gonna look like ants. NIO 65$c 🚀🔥🚀🔥🚀🔥🚀🚀🔥🚀🚀🍱🍱🍱🍱

Konichiwa you Ford fanboy fuckersssss
Use Bovada
Dude your digging here, do you want another shovel? 😂

I have a twitter account BTW thank you 😘

CNN? I'm a Europoor I don't watch your news channels, I tuned in a small bit during the elections that's about it.
is that the case with nio? u buy a shell company
Lol gas
🔮🩸☠️=🐂🍆
I can't afford one im poor
Explain
Tsla Calls
What Nio calls should i buy at open tmrw
I would say don’t try to time it. I tried timing TSLA and failed miserably. ICLN 🚀🚀🚀🌙
But in uncertain or unprofitable times divedends will be affected right? Companies could raise dividends unexpectedly, making the stock price increase?
Omg - listen - it’s Eagles. Eagles 🦅 never cheer for Steelers.
Same! If tech open red I'm literally adding money and buying more immediately.
The end is nigh
Of course you do, a game that people who wanna play golf but can't afford it play. A game that has no physical contact, a game that requires no level of fitness, if bearish was a sport disk golf would be it.
2pac, 2furious
Israeli tech is legit, and has been for a while..this is intriguing
One of the more upvoted comments: "I mean, killing him \[i.e., Jack Ma\] would be emotionally satisfactory, the DoP teabagging a subservient bourgeoisie, but I guess negating the right to private property *(Not a real thing)* is better than negating the right to life *(A real thing)*."

Yikes indeed.
beaver love?
JP Morgan healthcare conference this week.

Invitae and Editas will present. Genomics will be the stars of the show.

ARKG to the moon 🚀
Sell then bro! You’ll learn a valuable lesson or you will just turn into a bitter 🏳️‍🌈🐻🏳️‍🌈
Fuck it I'm in
Dude, even if you're fully selfish, consider the neurological effects of COVID.
Zero to 60 mph: 3.0 sec. Zero to 100 mph: 6.8 sec. Zero to 130 mph: 11.0 sec. Zero to 150 mph: 15.3 sec.
I was close.
Steel go up. Others I am less sure of
How can 98% of 69M outstanding be equal to 250% of 48M? At least one of those numbers is wrong
Everyone knows about it sell the news 🥱
This is the way
The year is 2022. The fiat monetary system has collapsed. Shares of TSLA have replaced dollars as the world reserve currency.
I dunno but it’s expected that the new admin will through some stuff for clean energy in either the relief bill or a separate infrastructure bill so I’d buy beige Thursday
I mean, if it keeps ripping, my vanity plate will be ICLN as tribute
Leaps are just simply options that have really far out expirys. Generally 1 year plus, so if your contract expires 1 year+ from now it would be considered a leap.
The entire establishment expects something so it’s “priced in” as opposed to “that was sooo unexpected! You got us, we re so fucked. Ha.ha”
Both
Doesnt matter, they will be the most important software company by 2025-30 anyways.
Sports suck
[deleted]
We need 2pac back
Hilarious start to the game
I need some convincing to buy icln leaps
Just like to get the facts out there. But let me compliment you on your quick draw.
I think they just hate women
[deleted]
Those who don’t have NIO, how’s the poor life going for ya???? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Nice
Dude... People WOULD get their pet food online instead of a brick and mortar store. That's the whole point I'm making here. Gamestop is the brick and mortar being replaced by online alternatives. And then there's the whole digital download thing vs physical games. That's the way we're moving.
Mods come on now. This account is an obvious life ban
God I was gonna bet the browns too but couldn’t make it into jersey
Ty
Go higher bro. If your buying two years out buy higher strike prices man.
this message is to the JPM intern on the WSB 24/7 watch rotation. What will give me some bahgs tomorrow?
One of those things that definitely isn't priced in.

The threat of government hijacking of private property to keep people housed wasn't even considered in real estate.
Get shares now buy more if it dips and average down if you believe in it long term
Buy a Lucid
Fuck kneeball
Eagles
My calls got locked sadly or else I woulda dumped em probably. Stupid merger, here comes IV to crush what little balls I have left
[deleted]
I was told metals would go up
I’m split 1200 Nio and 1100 pltr. Leaving both as is. I do see more upside for Nio in the near future but I think pltr is going to be a giant in the future. Don’t know enough to determine when but I’m not risking it.
My NIO gonna fucking print tomorrow you poor fuckers
Puts on Pittsburgh
[deleted]
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK ANY OF US KNOWS WHAT WE'RE DOING?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Reddit doesn’t like the f word. I got banned a couple weeks ago for same thing
Jesus how many puts do u have nothing stoping this market espicaly not this week with Biden announcing stim.
I’m not idiotic to go over to tiktok. We are really fucked
Can’t go wrong with some cabo
He’s probably citing the 26 year old Boeing plane that went down in Indonesia. Sad story but there’s a reason why Indonesia has a major plane crash every year....
[removed]
Yeah I’ve had friends have it they are fine . People are making out to be some bullshit that turns you into a zombie like what the fk
[removed]
careful way out there on the edge bro
Lol no
Poor man
Time in the market > timing the market. Buy whenever if you plan on holding
it used to be, now its full of liberals bashing republicans all day
They call that shared delusion buddy
Lmaoooo
Doesn't jim cramer cheer for the steelers ?
Starting at $ 25,000. As shown $ 57,555.
I definitely agree that it's an uphill battle for them. It's really really hard. But if it were true that all non-democracies were invincible, we wouldn't have any democracies.
Play me a song phx music man 

Play me a song tonight
No one knows, listen to yourself man
There was a dip on Friday. Went back up AH.
We were exhausted and decided not to move. Prioritized and bought back our shares.
What are your positions?
looks like only the ugliest joined.
Just seems like a constant deluge of bad news in the world, considering just shutting away everything but then I feel like a moron shutting myself in the dark
[deleted]
Keep slurping 🌈🐻
Imagine how cocky you'll feel when you make 500m by June, as predicted.
Had this call since mid December to the moon baby
Awesome name by the way - also I’m up $10k realized in NIO so it’s my bae.   Holding 100 shares in my forever account now...... so much Theta gang profits on NIO this year it was great.

I’m  long 100 BABA shares like a boomer also cause I don’t know when Ma is coming back but when he does I’m gonna make bank.
Hmmm, perhaps I should
I mean he even claim himself to be autist... Quite obviously he is a troll trying to bait you all.
LIT calls are free money.  Get some $80 leaps and call your nearest superyacht dealer.
What strike? I might start averaging in shares but also sell a CSP
Your an idiot that obviously doesn’t even use Twitter if you don’t think that account provides the fastest most reliable news. Go watch CNN autist.
Dude fuck the fucking Steelers holy shit
> Need confirmation bias for 381C 1/22.

🚀
You're a true American patriot
For sure this will happen! Just like FSD and the CyberTruck 🤣🤣🤣🤣

Totally this rumour nothing to do with the rumour around Hyundai and Apple. Absolutely coincidence.
[deleted]
ARKF and ARKG are the only ARK without tesla
😍
TBH I am the backup member of CCP
I got suspended for writing “Buy the dip Fa......” I thought I was just quoting Warren Buffet.  But actually I’ve never been so proud of myself.  Just want to say I love you guys and go fuck yourselves. Good luck tomorrow Bulls.
I think score bet is more likely.
I used to work a warehouse job, I don't miss that. Graphic designer now. Used to enjoy it, made a huge mistake and now work for the biggest assholes I've ever had to deal with. Usually work from 8 am til 3 or 4 am. Just need that 1 good play and I'm gone
Did you buy a charger with you enlistment bonus?
Why would anything happen in the next 3 days?
A Frankfurter just flew over my house!!!
You’re playing with fire my friend 😂
Steelers fans in shambles
You still holding on to NIO?
Nice play. See you at Wendy’s
AYR is really interesting and is sorta knocking on the door of becoming a Tier 1.

The bull case is that their multiple is much lower than other Tier 1s and so they have room to run. 

Although I think they may do well, my experience is that it's so hard to even get people to pay attention to the Tier 1 American tickers than trying to drum up interest in anything less is tricky. 

You know what I see on CNBC? 4 Tickers described at most. Right now those are CDN tickers because they would be reluctant to show anything on the OTC. Once the legislative changes come, I think it's the four Tier 1 operators that own that real estate and the lions share of interest.
'06 Ford Mondeo. It's a beater till I move back to the states.
are you still in the canoe? theres no clear indication they will be using their tech right? wouldnt Hyundai want to use their own tech and cut out a middle man?
While we're here, WTF does "FOMO" mean? I haven't a clue, and at this point, I've been too afraid to ask.
Can WSB kills ETFs? We shall see.
[removed]
[removed]
Anyone know when to buy icln, should I buy asap or there a chance of a dip anytime soon.
[deleted]
Sounds good
Gotcccha yeah tough for me to short with stimmies still printing but it seems logical
Please SLV fly to $35
Real steel dick daddies sell MT and get into VALE
You ok bro?
Literally just a slight cough and feeling tried for a week. I understand it’s tough for people who are obese and over the age of 75, but if ur not in those categories it’s better than most coughs
f r o t h i n e s s
bang bang
10 days?? You should worry about the next three days!!! Shits about to get REAL interesting
ark is 10 % tesla. So you wouldnt be fully out of tesla. You would have 30 shares still
Icln and arkk arkg
My Steelers puts are printing 🌚 🚀
Picking up an 8ball of Tesla this week
Need confirmation bias for 381C 1/22.
When everyone believes it, it is not a delusion any more.
I just opened a BinckBank account for US options, have you had experience with their platform? 8.25/month seems a lil steep to play on US options
I read this as pelosi to 80 what?
This is what happens when Robinhood delists  MT
2024 car with Hyundai
Frak you skinjob
VALE 17c printing
[deleted]
Weekly puts, I’m in.
I'm trying, the doors jammed 😭
[deleted]
Exactly why we need term limits. She’s a dinosaur
Puts on big bem, again
Calls of facebook, boomer traffic 100000% increase
My puts on Steelers printing rn
💩
Yeah boii  300 shares buying more in the mornin
Hope the run up for Apple started this past week and continues thru earrings. Tim  Cock, take me to the promised land and help me recover the 2k you stole from me last year.
[deleted]
Another Boeing crashed yesterday. Most likely due to bad maintenance on the part of airlines, but I don’t think retail investors would think this through since it is bad publicity for Boeing again.


[Source](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/09/world/asia/indonesia-plane-crash.html)
Lol
I want it too so bad
Look at mr.monstercock over here gloating about his 3.5", fuck you. My and 1" gang don't need your gloating.
Pleas let GME hit 40 billion🤑🤑🤑
And your source is some random twitter account that had like a 6-word tweet and nothing about nukes or anything of the sort?

Delusional? I think we all can see who is delusional here 😂😂😂
I’m sure ZOOM was there too
YUM is going to win the Fast Food wars remember?

Tesla wasn't running the cars either.

The Three Sea Shells are king!
Import it poorbie
It’s definitely rotten
TMO?
Futes red across the board, looks more and more like this will be the week it crashes. The political shenanigans gonna rock the market, and don't expect a quick v - shaped recovery this time around.
Honestly, everyone who’s bearing in Tesla has been wrong... I’d just sell weekly covered calls and limit your downside further by buying puts ... just make sure you make more on the call than the cost of the put, otherwise, just sell your shares and move it where you see is best. You nailed it with Tesla.
Haven’t bought yet but getting as many $80 calls as I can tomorrow
When can they sell the shares? This week?
To this guys reputation, I initially had 1930 but immediately corrected my retardation
You’re an animal
Can confirm. The steel to YOLO
[deleted]
Thanks to gold now I can shit faster
You weren’t bullied enough
I might have to give up my Mercury Mistress for a Tesla.
Sad.

https://ir.tesla.com/node/20456/html
I picked up 2c for 6/18
Luckin coffee is very legit 

So is Jack Ma being kidnapped
I love disc golf
It's a little sad.
We've been right since December when the non believers doubted us.
Your boyfriend isn't really gay, tough way to find out
That's not even an 'if' lol
These bitches love sosa
True theres a lot of legalese but if it were going to happen wouldn’t they go with ‘no comment’ instead of eliminating the possibility?
Yep. Load of 70-80+ year olds in the House and Senate.
Why do you think this?
Code available on GitHub?
6 1/2
[deleted]
Trading tip: I will be buying $40k worth of SI tomorrow on the dip. Should move the stock a solid 0.001 cents
It's always peak euphoria after TSLA goes crazy lol
Agreed. Look how many people are hating on it in here. Wtf...
ÑIO awe you gonna gwive me my twendies?🥺
[deleted]
Would my $MT calls print? Steel Daddy Vito?
Ms Uchitel said she got to 'tell her side' whatever that means.
*stupid people

Seriously though what is it that’s going to cause the drop in volatility?
That bitch looks 90
What happened to you ?
$VALE 4/16c looks tempting.. thoughts?
No bears r real men, not the type to get a buzz from nicotine. I bet you like disk golf too, fucking kitchen mop this guy is
I just changed my password on robinhood.

Basically i just slapped the keyboard. Now i cant panic sell 🧠
Whatever the market was at the time before I bought in. 

I can’t manage to stay positive right now.
Please Elon. Make it to 1 Trillion by Feb..
Yee yee
His username quite obviously suggest he is a troll. He knows people gets worked up with all these CCP stuff so he named himself not CCP to troll u all.
Tomorrow I fully expect to coom.
this is facts, VALE to the MOON
Well try this out for size my company got bought by a much larger company and I got 150k in straight cash. Only had been there a year. If you’re actually smart and get to a good company you can make good ass money
Some joined the Marines, one drives a school bus, another yolos his money on everything WSB yells out. Last one is me.
It’s a big place lol. We have more coast than Alaska. If you like Asian or Middle Eastern, the Detroit area is where it’s at. If you’re into beer, Grand Rapids, wine, Traverse City, weird meat pies, upper Peninusla. Fried Chicken, Frankenmuth, comfort food, the whole eastern half of the state.
AOC seems like a total cunt but I'd bang her hard with my 7". Of course I'd have to do her twice to equal that length.
Puts on your lungs
Fax
its pronounced euphoria
OG Mountain Dew-Fruity Pebbles

Code Red-Frankenberry.  Its a seasonal delicacy nowadays but an excellent pairing.


If you’d like a more complex bouquet- I’d go with Captain Crunch with Crunchberries. The mild  brown sugar and vanilla undertones come out after the pleasant “burn” of highly carbonated citrous elixer and Crunchberries dance across the pallet. Though its certainly my favorite pairing to date it is reserved for special occasions, as the citric acid in the mountain dew     seems to “soften” the roof of my mouth and after only four bowls and three beverages it gets so raw the pain and taste of blood become too distracting to enjoy my fifth. The softer texture of the fruity pebbles allows me to have a full serving.
Right after I made the post PLTR was on my mind. 🤩
When can I buy a nio et7 in the us
Eww. No. All the talent left FF to create Canoo. What’s left is a dumpster fire.
Who wants to come to my toaster pool party
buy 30 min after open
30k->100k->60k. Yes I’m legally retarded
Sell half
Oo oo me me me. Bought in months ago and have been waiting for news of anything. Hoping this news does something
[deleted]
IWM futes doing the worst. Profit taking from small caps? Lol
1k shares NIO, 2k shares PLTR. Rebalance for more NIO or leave it alone?
Unreal
Ban
Pandemic was worse for them than 2 crashes
Your math was off. Ok you got it  now.
140 by Friday I hope
Based on?
Draftkings, New York about to legalize after speech tomorrow
[deleted]
Then leave
Graphic design for apparel
A Boeing crashed, that's enough for a lot of people
They protect against terrorism. It would immoral not to invest in them.
Find some hobbies to distract yourself
Isn't the stock price going to pop because of MM delta hedging, regardless of ICR and earnings? There are 120K contracts of ITM puts expiring next week with very high deltas, so presumably the MMs are short for ~10M shares at the moment relating to those. On the calls side, the expiring options are way OTM and with lower open interest, meaning the MMs have a massive net short position that they will close next week once these options expire.

Is that right or am I understanding it wrong?
Hope you're right. shares and calls
Sell 75 percent and let the rest ride
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Oof! That sucks. Did you find another place?
QS tomorrow?
They mean something if you're trading them
Squeeze me, daddy
Dumb ass I’m bullish as fuck
F
I didn't like it as a child but now I like it.
I’ve had it and it’s joke
Biden may increase rates. Its the rumor going around and rumors more scary than facts. Dollar bouncing because of it. Strong dollar=metals weak
this is the way
\-40% iv crush for alot of greedy pppl monday
Probably doesn’t even know how to use email
She was born during the Great Depression haha
Shhhhh.  I need to buy back this put I sold at open.  THEN we can go back to pointing out how stupidly overvalued Tesla is in light of excessive shares.
You’re still a winner in our eyes
AOC shoes probably worth more
I'm bought Jan 2022 puts
Uh what size are those shoes? (Asking for a friend)
Golf cart
ARKK 145c 06/18
Where do I find the rumours?
Psth gonna up +6% tm
AWS saved them
Own all of these 3 meme bad boys
10, what’s the news
Dont worry this is small time gay bear cub, when the Big league tgay bears turn bull thats when we should reverse
That's what I'm talking about 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Not even correct tag, sh*tpost not discussion.

Ban.
Clang gang ded
Could you expand on why you feel this way about the post, for a fool like me?
[deleted]
You’re retarded so you’re already fucked
Same. Warehouse heavy-shit-lifter. What do you do?
I hope you’re not this stupid in real life. 🤡
[deleted]
Man that thread fucking sucks so much at this time of the day this is ridiculous!
Holy shit you guys are deluded
This is great. Usually when I first hear about a hot stock it's in a form of a post here on this sub  saying "See I was right! Look at all my tendies!" And I'm like wtf you even talking about.
My 130c 01/15 but the market really needs to agree with us which I m not very confident about it
Poor rednecks im not worried
that's what I'm doing at open
Think I saw a p-p-p-penith
10/10 would love to see.
CURLF to $30 end of month 🚀
That has nothing to do with being bearish
Liquidated a bunch of TSLA stock early august for a down payment and then the homeowners pulled out. I’m still really bitter about it.
If it were me, I'd maybe pull the initial out?
Especially if you bought them a year ago
Probably 5 is my guess. It’s gonna be up like 25 over the next month
Born in 1940 and think she has a clue about anything
You said that already, but you didn't say how you know. If I own shares wouldn't they have sent me a notification informing me?
😂
I won't need my wife when I hit $500k and buy a sex doll. She won't question my investment strategies
end of month
I'll do you one better and show you the countries that were not founded on genocide- ALL of them EXCEPT america. And yet here we are you acting like america is the morale compass of humanity. fkn unreal how indoctrinated white american males are.
Hilarious 😹😹😹
[deleted]
Goof luck don’t be a Pussy diamond hands. That way you’ll pay less in capital gains too. What strike price did you buy?
Ban CCP shill
pre market is not open stfu
i didnt know she went to USC, that's where I went, and I thought only retards went there, maybe i was just in a special program
Sideways
Sooooo puts on steel?
Why any specific reason?
Honestly the only person that loses by caring about covid is yourself; so many are just not giving a sh1t and doing their own thing. I genuinely dont care if i get covid anymore, i can't live life scared shitless everyday
Im with it
I’d still smash that thing rotten
Fr -.33 and futures are BLOOD RED
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dude. I understand it's possible to make mad loot on $NIO. but I always thought looking at any of the chinese stocks was risky af because that shit was so heavily manipulated. Plus reddit is one. Giant. Chinese. Puppet. Anyhow. So... Yeah
Adam Grimes has a book on TA that is good

Adam Mancini on Twitter is a good guy to follow, he uses nothing but TA and he does it the right way.

Those colored lines you see in the pictures in my profile are drawn connecting 2 highs or 2 lows.

For instance, there is one with a dark red line that runs through the February high and September high. 

The further back a trend line goes, the stronger it generally is. Intraday trend lines are pretty useless, but trend lines that go back months work.
Who needs that shit when you have magic mario coins near 40k
I only see futures down 0.30%

What's the panic? Is it because TESLA and NIO is 100% of people's portfolio?
How so? You go into this willing to sell the shares at a predetermined price. You can always rebuy or sell puts.
We are at peak euphoria in wsb. Next few weeks should be interesting
Not stressed about futures at all. Here for the shitposting.
For me it's the...."I know I'm right play but I'm willing to pay a premium to long date it to make sure of it"
She looks 80
Ha! Google this phrase and see what comes up. Woof, somebody needs to catch up on their comedies.
I guess more risk based because if multiple stimulus force the fed (unlikely) to raise interest rates that will be the focus of 2021 and 2022 leading up to the midterm elections.

I don't think it matters per se and they'll pass a stimulus. $2k seems like small potatoes. Go big and give out $10k per person
😂 if that isn’t a hate sub idkwtf is
Only fans has infiltrated the Mexican celebrity circle. https://www.tvynovelas.com/mx/noticias/onlyfans-que-es-como-funciona-suscripcion-perfiles-de-famosas/amp/ 

When is the IPO?
[removed]
Benz
Who is ready for Apple to take off this week?
NIO is the most likely stock to 5x in 2021
SPY
frightened mediums of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes dont make mediums of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes
I can only hope.
🐻🐻🐻
No, just small.
Absolutely rtarded and autistic to put $500K into a boomer House instead of weekly FDs
What industry you in?
$40 EOM
FAT ASSES
[deleted]
This is only scratching the surface of what TSLA will achieve. In the future Tesla will play a dominant part in all of infrastructure, both in the US and abroad.
The price just doesn’t make sense! This thing is gonna pop soon! I just don’t want t to be bag holding for 2 years!
[deleted]
Literally searched Robinhood for $BTFD. I am retard. Would have bought calls on it too if I found it.
Go Browns
Hate to break it you retards but futures don’t mean shit this early
Pelosi is 80!? What
Thanks. Why is it bouncing though? Any idea? It hasn't had any positive news for a long time
Gab has already fought off several attempts to cancel them. They have been running their own servers for a while yet (and are adding more). They don't take PayPal or credit card payments so you can't cancel them that way. I don't expect them to just go away.
If you’re not thinking about 7G already you’re behind.
Ended up with 26.99 to afford a customized license plate
Found the Steelers fan 🤣
Apple up what percent tomorrow at open?:
0-3%
3-6%
6-9% (nice)
10%+
Steelers
No. The entry would be as follows:
Dr: common stock $xxx ($71.97/share)
Cr: cash $xxx (based on $71.97/share)
For exercise of option

Dr: Notes Payable $XXX
CR: Common stock $XXX ($71.97/share)
For the payment of notes

No P&L entey
Not at all, but does anyone want a Pelosi laptop or some AOC shoes for a fair price?

Asking for a friend.
Gold and silver getting fucking beyond repair
Relax we got 5 days. If anything red Monday and dips 3% and green the next 4 days. Papa Jpump has out backs
GME is garbage
Based on my Fibonacci yardstick parabola analysis, I think the price could go up or down. There’s also the possibility it stays roughly the same.
Buy netgear orbi 3 set, it works grAte!
Dollar bouncing.
[deleted]
Soybeans up 11 tonight
Yes to all 3
We all need one
Fucking lol
Which one would you recommend the most Xpev or NIO? I’m thinking about putting in a two weeks paycheck 😄
[deleted]
r/onejob
Literally nothing to fear if the people here don't threaten violence.
It's 2am in Germany genius.
Can you expand on this or bring up some previous examples for a fool like me?
Presentation was good, but market didn’t care
Probably, US lifted some restrictions on Taiwan this weekend plus they got earnings Thursday

https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/09/asia/taiwan-us-restrictions-lifted-intl-hnk/index.html
We are funny. You’re not
I might have too. I’d like to see it touch 3200 first
You'd have to keep track.
Yes
Wouldn’t even be surprised lmao
i bet he skimped out on the optional turn signal
Lmao coming from a guy who gets a buzz from nicotine.  If thats not the gayest bear post ive ever seen. Go smoke another cigarette and sit on your moms couch and enjoy the buzz, pussy
What happened?
#Has there ever been a 5 Day Green Streak since the March crash? Will tomorrow solidify that 5 Day Streak?
It’s always been this way. Now though we have two groups of people who can no longer agree to live peacefully with a shared set of values and each side is playing for keeps until one is flat out destroyed.
Does not actually have to get to $45 it just has to go up. This far out theta is near zero.
Says the guy who made this cringe post
Didn’t they just announce something about setting up a design center in China too?
Per contract I guess. Was looking at June expiry
The Net Asset Value of ICLN is higher than the market price even after the 🚀🚀🚀 last week. This shits going to the moon.
Open
i've lived through 3 crashes now. i used to think of diversity and risk. i used to listen to earnings calls and read technical analysis charts. i actually have books about financial markets. you know what? 

fuck risk. just buy shit. don't overthink things. what's expensive? what's a crash? 99% of the market participants don't know about anything. **you're not competing against wall street best, you're just swimming with the river. all the other autists, retards, retails are swimming with you.** citron and michael burry and peter schiff are always saying shit. fuck those guys.

your best book is on psychology: when you understand the thinking patterns of most people is really, really awful, then you realize that all you need to know is "stonk prices always go up". buy the dip. you see a stock go up 10% in a day? buy that. up 40x this year? buy it.

you see intel at a discount? wait till it becomes a meme.

when you've made a 10 bagger (i've made 1, but it was more like 30x) then you diversify into 10 of the next meme stonks.

(i also hold some SPYG, boomer dividend bluechips because i still think too much sometimes)
People tend to look at government contractors as defense contractors.  Outside of the biggest ones (Northrup, Boeing) most of these companies are spread out across deeper into other agencies.  They all do well when government spending goes up, even if/when defense doesn't rise proportionately.   I haven't done a deep dive on any of them in a while, but consider CACI or L3/Harris as plays on increased IT spending within the federal government in addition to Lockheed and the other "defense" contractors. (IBM might even be the right play here)
I'm willing to be hurt again. The ICR conference switched from retail to tech. Who else is slotted before them? Companies including Zoom, Asana, Weedmaps, and a panel about M&A, SPAC, and IPO news. This is either a brilliant move and GME is going to sit at a different lunch table tomorrow, or Sherman is making (another) horrible mistake that hopefully leads to another aggressive step forward by RC.
Do you even vape bro
You can find the 2020 conference here: https://news.gamestop.com/events-and-presentations

I got bored reading the transcript (couldn't get the audio to work) after the third or fourth "multi-channel retail" Boomer double speak.
Futures are barely down lol
[removed]
I have yet to touch tesla. 

This is the week. 

Weekly 1000s. Anyone else in ?
I would never ever ever ever fully liquidate your position on a fucking mega stallion like TSLA
[deleted]
Just hope more days green each week
Gab is the alternative and they are thriving because of this. They have had a massive influx of members and a number of high profile conservatives are moving there now. This is exactly the kind of tipping point event that kills social media companies.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?
Easy it’s a pump
It will. Patience my friend. We are close
You did not mention SMG in your DD, and for that reason I'm out.
**ICLN** GANG RISE THE FUCK UP

ALL HANDS ON DECK

WE GOING TO WORK MONDAY 9:30 AM SHARP
All in on ICLN, NIO, or ARKG?
Steelers center has his life savings on Browns win
nae vae
It’s my cake day! Green tomorrow for sure!!! 🐻 R FUK’d
My gut says it's gonna act a lot like Fisker
Lol. The blood red meme is my favorite.
[deleted]
It's an upgrade from my current city tho.
[deleted]
And I thought Reddit users were supposed to be funny. Sheesh.
Yes but on steroids
Priced in dumbass
[deleted]
All I care is about my calls tomorrow, ok!?
[deleted]
Seems fiscally responsible
all that typing and no reading comp
You discovered Cheat codes to Capitalism :

1) have money 

2) see (1) 

The upside is; you now fulfill (1) now just rinse and repeat.

Alternatively you can also complain about missing once in a lifetime opportunity;  but remember every boomer stock & FAANG at one point was a growth stock & meme to some extend. 

People shll on Ford; because LUL who would want to replace their ponies with could hard metal?
Is a trade war with China good or bad for PLTR?
NIO down 14.78% pre market in Frankfurt.
[deleted]
Alpha centauri bruh
Who wants a hug ⁉️🥺
[removed]
Is wizdaddy broken??
FUTURES RWD MY TSLA $1K C gonna kill me!
+1
Puts on steel
I can dream
[removed]
Puts on this man’s sex life.
Wow puts on ben
I wonder if there was any retards on here that got arrested at the capitol
You gotta keep it now
My exit strat is to never sell and pick up an extra shift behind the dumpster
Medium dick energy
A tweeting President always ends well.
Did futures dip during last years circuit breakers? Yes. This is why he's here.
I'LL KILL HIM
Dollar bouncing get the fk out you've been warned
[deleted]
Metal gang in shambles, lol.

Oh wait, I'm part of metal gang. F
ICLN at open or wait until EOD? Cant decide
15.7k of TMO calls bought at peak of $3.16 no stop loss seen it at $2.17 a contract down 7k intraday
Lmao my portfolio is 100% tech calls. You're fine. The stimulus announcement is the easiest play since Tesla S&P inclusion.
Oh so you’re gay
Why?
If?
Spent more than that, but yes
It wouldn’t happen to be like Thursday would it?!?!?
[deleted]
Honestly made 6K last week doing this. Unfortunately the premiums are now through the roof unless you’re getting deep OTM calls.
Big week for the steel gang coming up. 

VALE will be printing all week long. 

Remember - you can't build rockets without steel 

🚀
puts on steelers lmao
+1
Experts and OG traders. I have 300 TSLA shares. 150 average price, bought pre split. Worried the share price is in a huge bubble that will pop soon. Would cashing out now and rotating into ARKK or ARKG be a logical move?
Is shorting boening the move here?
Yessir. My TSLA and SOL calls are safe. I just love you fggts
Ban
it is?
OMG right?! Do you want to get married? I'll divorce her tomorrow!
Be careful using market buys/sells with Robinhood. You should make it a habit to use limit orders.
Sorry... Was treasury yield... not too long ago this was in the .80% range. One of the measures to keep the printer brrring is low inflation, this is inflationary action

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-06/treasury-10-year-yield-hits-1-for-first-time-since-march-tumult
lmao tho you're right just that I doubt that the average yoloer here has a home to "refinance" lmao. if they did they wouldn't be here, yoloing.
All in SRPT calls
Hell yeah it is!  Might be time for me to pick up some more.
I got 1/15 lottos average cost of 0.06 literally just a couple cent move in the premium and I'm printing
2020 F250.
\+1
Game on the line you need a 1st down and you throw it to jonnu smith r u fucking kidding me
[proof?](https://imgur.com/a/sqqBOsG)
Up a few points is all I ask.
[deleted]
Your mom bever loved you as a child
Is anyone *not* holding ICLN....that would be wild. It's gonna print until 2100
[deleted]
MK7 Golf R
I sold my 50c 1/15s for a 2% gains the day before it went to 70...
🙂+💄=🤡=me
RH is delisting some companies Mt being one
It’s just propaganda dude. Don’t fall into that hole. When they tell these things, research and see if they have concrete evidence to back it up. Hearsay shouldn’t be taken seriously.
[deleted]
Ight I got something to consider now. I’ll do some research, but if I can hook the Xbox directly to a mesh router i’d think it should be enough for me.
[deleted]
Mommy
Whats your play for NIO?
Ban
Yes
Ugh...Baltimore. Sorry
I’m not gonna off myself guys chill. I just hate seeing my country ripped apart and devoured from every angle with no hope in sight.
Domp iiiit...
93 Honda Civic EJ1 with spoon engine. T66 turbo with NOS...and a motec exhaust
[deleted]
I couldn't agree more.  I'm basing my investments for the year on this [https://joebiden.com/clean-energy/](https://joebiden.com/clean-energy/)
Thanks 🙏
Futures are blood red. PLTR guaranteed to fall 10% on Monday.
[removed]
UVXY
Ghis is fucking true. I used to love fucking mondays and when i stopped options trading i hated it. Well back at it and cant wait for tomorrow!
Don't support CCP, dump nio
So many poor people in here
>The other is YOLO Rambo’ing with a wooden stick.

this is the way
I bet you have puts
Well in general your assumption might be right but in this specific circumstance yeah I actually think I could (I hunt/camp and enjoy survivalist hobbies). But that doesnt really make your point, most people can survive on their own in todays society, whereas a large chunk of people with advanced autism are never fully independent, if there werent services and accommodations for them they would actually die. I just cant see the argument where its an evolutionary *advantage* when it hinders your rate of survival.
oh god oh fuck my calls are fucked
So calls on NKE?
Here in the UK, we pay only 9% of what we earn over £25,000 to repay our Student Loans. If its not repaid in like 25 years then it just disappears.
Do it Pussy buy mine
Etoro hype i guess! I al sitting on 3k w, noting Major, but I am hoping they gonna announce something or price will goback to normal
Thats a funny lookin Tesla mister.
Tesla model 3
Good point. Pretty sure u/deepfuckingvalue has single handedly spunked enough money on awards since Christmas to keep Reddit going until the heat death of the universe 🍻
Pussy
The hurdles your going through to try to be correct astound me. You defenitely belong on this sub. Whatever go get em kid 😂
Well so far what I’ve seen is a lot of hype around it, they just had NIO day, just released all this new tech on a dope ass car. It’s already gone up a ton, even a retard can see it’s got everything going for it
and used to love fridays, now hate them lol
Like 2nd on the Nuremberg times
Wait you don’t like golden showers Jlo
*Grindr
But then it won't squelch
VXX calls should print tomorrow
Go out for a walk

Or a hike

Or to the gym. 


Dude, just do something tomorrow you’ve never experienced before. Honestly breaking routine is one of the best ways to combat this feeling. 

Also maybe smoke some weed from time to time.
It at least triggers 5b in pure GAAP net profit because they no longer need to pay back the bonds, the bond holders wanted shares instead, and the shares were paid for by the option, right?
At the end of 2021 bull gang will meet in the bull castle we made with bear skulls and feast on our tendies. Forward March bull army the year has just dawned upon us. We aren’t waiting for bears to come out of hibernation this time there’s plenty of dumb ones out already let’s bring them from endangered to extinct this year.
All I saw was November 12, 2020 and then closed it
VIX moon pleas
If NIO opens red I’m basically fucked
Who the fuck cares if hes a member of that sub. Almost every wsb post is a shill but only the one posted by a chinese is banned. Tf is that xenophobic crap. Maybe reevaluate why you hate the chinese so much and come clean about it instead of hiding behind 'CCP BAD'.
Yea and corey davis is a pussy for sitting on the sidelines. And fuckin tannehill how hard is it to force feed brown like josh allen does to diggs. Fuckin losers
You’re gonna spend 2k to shirt TSLA?
[deleted]
Snagged $35 MT calls 1/21/22 a handful of weeks ago.
Listen up all retards! If you want free money, buy Boeing PUTS at open!
[removed]
Nice. Respect for putting your money where your mouth is. I think it’ll pay off. I’ve only got around $4k in this one but will probably buy more.
[deleted]
Make an account on Robinhood. I hear they give just about anyone ridiculous margin. :)
She doesnt like anal
I’m looking for land as week speak. I’m considering buying a few hundred acres in Montana. I want something secluded, but within an hour of a grocery store. 

Good luck to you brother🍻
2010 F150 5.0, 2010 Corolla, and 2017 Jeep JKU.
Enjoy getting bent over the table on those
That Apple stock going to rise to heaven with this news
100 shares here.
We are Retard, resistance is futile.
ATM calls. 50% to go sideways.
Thank you! 🤬
[removed]
to make money, you gotta spend money, but to spend money, you gotta have money... goddamnit
🤡
[deleted]
\*Tinder
[deleted]
You're totally here on a Sunday evening because you aren't stressing about futures at all, right?
[removed]
Stole my idea. If the mods werent gay I had this up and ready to go

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/krhj4t/wheresjacko/
Aha. Ok, thx man. Asking alot of questions cause really thinking about opening a pretty large position on gme tomorrow, % wise
Edit. Probably seems like tuesday would be the day to go long tho
They were only able to hit that price point with subsidies just saying
[deleted]
Those will print bigly. I sold some 160c Feb and I'm thinking they will go itm 😑
But wait, what about the Ford Bronco??!
😂 talking to Papa like that.
Bruh this is clearly the line between autistic and retarded. 


One is clear ingenious taking advantage of broken system or JPowell’s money printer chapter 7 & 11 bankruptcy, ez FHA policies & cheap asset security debt. 

The other is YOLO Rambo’ing with a wooden stick.


To the uneducated spectator both sound stupid, to the keen observer it’s like Forest Gump vs Rainman.
We are here for you
Calls on Spotify, because people will download that shit just to hear Joe Rogan going all over it while wearing that retarded Nasa jacket and getting stoned
lul that's a game?
Who is bringing the nose candy?
I know
Sorry your mom and I will use her room next time.
If reddit deletes this subreddit, then im deleting this app
I’m kinda hoping we dip in the Morning, then once it’s finished I’d like to get 900 hoping average 5.00 per one. Guess we’ll see. Maybe more ITM
I meant to say why F over GM, not F or GM. I’m more bullish on GM than Ford in the EV market, so I was wondering why they were suggesting Ford calls
[deleted]
Same tho
So who's gonna watch the Tiger Woods documentary on HBO at 9 EST? 

Apparently it contains bombshells.  They were talking about it on the radio.  Tiger spending $100k at a time on multiple strippers and demanding they be his 'puppets' while he acted as a puppet master (wtf)?  Golden showers, etc. etc. ....a whole morass of sexual depravity are apparently gonna be revealed beyond what was in the news a while ago.
Your boyfriend is cheating on you
It's all about the minivan. 2 in the front 5 in the back.
No thanks
So buy more NIO, got it.
Did you really just say uwu in 2021
BRB gonna find a mainstream news site to do all my thinking for me gimme a sec
Blood is not uncommon
I have 'Tesla Investor' in my Twitter bio 😊😊😊
I hope you make it big king
Im in too deep
And if they each bring their 2 friends, and they bring there 2 friends, I see GME hitting about 420.69 by friday.
Damn bro, you might be right... she keeps sucking my dick, i have to do it
Weird that price target increases only happen after it has broken out. Almost as if...
Great this is some straight up corporate censorship
2020 M3
Imagine wasting robinhood money on a house
Profits that you make out of your option contracts per month. Even if you were living under a rock for past year, your account should have 2xed by now imho
500 shares $860ACB, will post screens after dinner
Nio
Learn how to get a real buzz (like meth or crack). I bet you vape don't you?
Calls on divorce lawyer for you
To the moon or mars fellows
Buying $gme on the dip to get ready for liftoff!!
Is that the thumb in the back?
Futures don't mean shit. Nothing matters til market open. Idk why you retards rely on fake algos
Having a job you hate is the secret to investing balls to walls. Must escape.
Call me a boomer, but NIO shares are the play
What call bro
38
It is the catch-22 of autism. A glorious thing.
I wondered if Bitty would begin to trade like the new Gold. But I still went ahead with Gold as the hedge. Now both down, dafuq? Lol
Do it and be a retard by taking advice from this sub
I tell you what, to even up the fact of creating a sad topic, search youtube for "Kenshi review". The first one that appears by some guy "Seth" something is good. You will probably find it funny even if you're not considering playing it.
Rickshaw on triple gold Dayton’s.
The one interaction I’ve had with mods here was nothing but pleasant, they really are next level autists here. Glad they take good care of us
you're not safe, soon reddit will force you to censor much more heavily against arbitrary shit.
The guy that wrote that put for you is gonna be having a field day tomorrow
ill be there soo i'll give you legit boots on the ground DD for 200 sheckles per report
Tan and tsla
That's the thing though. Even if we live in a fantasy land where Tesla somehow manages to land a monopoly in the three things you just laid out (pro tip - it won't, and if you genuinely think that it will, you're deluding yourself)

It's still overpriced LMAO that's just how overinflated the company is
Holding TSLA and NIO calls. Terrified for tomorrow. Gl everyone!
‘86 Porsche 924
You say that as if you've done any research whatsoever on the subject lol, sounds like you think you know concentration camps better than people who've lived through them
word on the street says its Chik FilA
Both return profits to shareholders. 

Dividends are planned and predictable, priced in, you could say.

Buybacks are surprises that companies use to reward shareholders and tease investors sitting on the sidelines. 

An announced and executed buyback is no guarantee of future buybacks, but it makes investors FOMO into the stock.
Not that I’m big on trump but half of the country is kinda against big tech. Your making an emotional play
Haven't used Webull but If you want to use charts, I suggest ToS over Webull.
Fuck that is a sexy car
It's a pity people keep having to choose between a douche and a turd sandwich..
Do the world a favor and gargle Xi’s cum out your gums with bleach
Better put it back into the exchange the day of
Gonna need quality, light weight steel...
Golf r
this.  im guilty of it too but mourning over lost potential is bad for future potential
I’m a newb, can someone ELI5 on what this guy did that’s idiotic?
Too low imo
We're all breaking up with each other. No more kissing
I could live with that.
Wife: "Honey, please I am begging you, can you please liquidate the $75k you have in RH so we can use it as down-payment for a house instead of renting when we move to Baltimore?"

Me: " OMFG, not this conversation again. That 75k was 50k last month. At this rate, It'll be $500k by June and we can buy a house outright.  Seriously,  I've got this. "

Wife: "Honey, please. What if you lose it all? Remember what happened to you in March?"

Me: "That won't happen again. Market only goes up now. JPow ensures it."

Wife: "Who is JPow?"

Me: "That's your first lesson K####. No go and read about money printers and free markets. 
I've got this, trust me."

🤡
NIO NIO NIO NIO
Is there a catalyst?
Xanax, alcohol, and weed. Add sleeping pills if necessary
It's gross
So many f*** gay bears here holy cow. I just turned gay. San Francisco here I come.
GME 🚀 but it's only Tuesday. Tomorrow we tank
1989 Ford F-350 full cab
Wait for da
Meeeee
I stopped with options for awhile and slowly began dreading the start of the week... then, I started up again, and I’m very excited for tomorrow. #NIO and #PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
Fuck I smell women’s perfume in my room 😡
Yea at the time the upward pressure seemed very weak so I cashed out
Anyone on IZRL, mama cathies israel tech etf
Fuck knows.. I've been holding this shit since early Dec... and still nothing where other SPAC shoot up 200%.. it was either this or clean spark...
[deleted]
They’re covered calls. I.e. Tesla has to sell shares at the price. They purchased options to avoid dilution. No positive impact to the P&L, it just avoids dilution
Lets see how Tencent performs in China, opens in 17 mins
I’m even more mad that Winnie the Pooh has so much people sucking his yellow mike and Ike after releasing a man made virus to the rest of the world
My yolo calls printing tomorrow
Therefore proven!
🐻 It's going to be juicy red tomorrow. Don't fight it🐻
Jeep Wrangler
[deleted]
Anyone else use robinhood to buy and webull for the charts
Going up more?
Okay
Does this mean nio’s presentation wasn’t all that good and we open red for a dip buy?
Gab is the free speech version of Twitter/FB. They are seeing a huge surge in membership right now because of all this. Many big conservative accounts are moving over there now and I don't think they will be going back to Twitter or FB. Once enough people make the shift to the new site, there is no reason to go back. This was the tipping point IMO.
I’m sure this is a joke,  but TIL dates back to 1800BC.
Yes, 2 weeks from Monday.
You are right, that number doesn't add up.

Yahoo shows short interest 98% of shares outstanding and 250% of float.

(with 69M shares outstanding and 48M float)
You buy first
It’s an insurance company...that’s all there is to say. Imo short the fuck out of it once the momentum dies off.
I have nest WiFi. No complaints but there’s not Ethernet port on the access points and just one at the main router. You’ll have to get a switch if you want to hardwire anything to it.
Infrastructure no picks?

Bro how about MT X VALE CLF🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What? You would just roll them in that scenario.
Interest rates low, bigger stimulus, yet it goes down. I am unable to wrap my head around it
THCB is another EV that's been primed to jump for a bit now
[deleted]
[deleted]
Worth a shot LOL
I'm too drunk to post my positions properly, but I've got 4x  jan 21 2022 400 put contracts since Tesla is a highly overvalued car company.
I want time to throw more money at it.
ICLN 36 EOW??
Smoke some Zaza
Neat. Mines a 19, grimmspeed j pipe, top mount, boost control solenoid, intake, inverted bilsteins, bunch of other stuff. Love the car
Feel bad for those two, tbh
Who here buying calls for Tesla tomorrow
Yes sir yes sir three moons fool
Jeep Patriot
Damn. I missed reading it haha.
go to poal.co
You can't be long tsla and nio????
love you too, don't worry, we'll always be somewhere.
You are only retarded if you sell now, in 6 months time people will call you an autistic genius.
i got UVXY calls eod friday
All commodities. Bitty taking a dive too.
I can't wait until opening bell when all the retard trumpers sell their big tech stocks on the cheap. I will be buying them.

Almost feels bad taking money from retards. almost.
my underwear is custom made in africa
how much is all? also riperoni
>$NIO 56C 1/15  
>  
>$TSLA 920C 1/15  
>  
>$TSLA 960C 1/15

screenshot or go home
[deleted]
Than suck it up and do what you gotta do. Otherwise wait till she gets out the shower or some shit
If aliens really are verified to have visited us, the gun nuts will by more. Military and other defense stuff. Trump's space force might become Biden's space force. Anything to do with space, defense and data gathering(PLTR)
And it has started....BofA raises NIO price target to $70 🚀🚀🚀

https://twitter.com/ragingbull_92/status/1348383199358046209?s=09
I bought CLVR, I'm interested in their huge manufacturing cost advantage, I'm just getting into researching pot stocks, what r or thoughts on them?
Anyone know the deal with oacb?
Hmm ARKG is an ETF by Cathie Wood—they basically day-trade for you (the ETF isn’t static), and post their daily changes every day. One of their large holdings is CRSP. Basically I chose them over CRSP since its a little more diversified and their options had more open interest.
Man fuck ARCT finally started going up and I bought at the absolute peak. They’ve burnt me too many times. Selling and going back to GME😤
I mean if they don't want the dollar to go to 0 and lose all global purchasing power, they're gonna need to do something to offset the printing lol raise taxes, etc.
Wtf are you 12?
I’m fucking sorry I reminded everyone. Imma go #rope
Idk if nios a buy or I’ve been bamboozled by gyna
How much did u make 

Cash app me to cure depression
Show me a country that wasn’t built off of the backs of slave labor and racism and oppression asshole
Pussy
How is that different than half the DD that Get Posted here
I won’t buy the dip
I expect Tesla to hit 900 tomorrow. If it goes down I’m buying more weekly calls
I take the CTA like a Chad city dweller.
🚀🚀🚀🌑
You start the car by taking your three middle fingers and spreading them like an explosion on the sunroof
Schwab FTW.
Oh ok. Engine fire and engine failure brand is making it? Calling bears
Don't forget Alphabet, Apple and Amazon... and FB
Hot wheels
Lmao nah man thats fucked
PSTH -> Raising Cane’s

Tendies on tendies
Purple 2004 Sunfire.
‘99 Jeep XJ
Pump Nio & ccp for me plz & thnx bb 😘
Nope join us
[removed]
Yeah, like a teen, I guess
Yea but their revenues are on a decline unless hbo max can offset box office revenues, hopefully they can dump directtv and raise cash to be able to compete with Verizon & T-mobile which are ahead in 5g.
Damn I was literally going to qualify a 🌈🐻comment by saying my sister is gay but fuck me this cut me off at the pass.
The Nest WiFi access points don’t have Ethernet ports now. Just the main one have one Ethernet port.  I use a switch to hook up the ps5 and Apple TV.
There is a 10 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 10 years on [**2031-01-10 14:14:38 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2031-01-10%2014:14:38%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kucf6r/chinese_autist_here_gonna_share_you_western/giricic/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fkucf6r%2Fchinese_autist_here_gonna_share_you_western%2Fgiricic%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202031-01-10%2014%3A14%3A38%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20kucf6r)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Bought SLV calls a couple months ago when everyone was saying it would explode. They'll expire worthless right away here
She says that it feels good, but not awesome you know
i wish i was competent enough to be a shill
FUCK YOU
Yeah I sure hope we get a nice bump tomorrow.   My wife got fucking stuck with 880 calls Friday and got assigned.
Thoughts on the Tuscany bee? Should I sell if nothing happens this week?
Who else buys shares at every dip possible? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bro we just recognized Taiwan as that bitch were gonna have a real war hope you learned enough in CoD
I not only buy the bull thesis but self confirm daily. Only been riding APHA but eager to expand horizons and just pick up some shares to ride over the next few years. Or leaps if available on the ones you mentioned. Thanks again.
Two awful punt calls.
Puts on SPCE
Starting to get nervous with how often I see it mentioned on this sub but I've already doubled my account with it so who cares
He was their biggest draw and they just got rid of him. That changes business.
[deleted]
Rookie mistake, Tesla gonna hit 1500.  😉
Futures went from -.3 to -.22....bears are fucked.
Gang gang
Position doesn’t look big enough to get fucked. Barely enough to be mildly inconvenienced.
No impact at all unless we are going to get invaded
Thank god we have “experts” to tell us how things are instead of conducting our own independent research and forming our own educated conclusions
wow! TIL
Damn gold and silver being sold off again. So much for that inflation hedge
Baba black sheep, send me to the moon
My avg cost is just shy of the current price, so I'm not very bearish, only by couple of hundred dollars. I got in to diversify my portfolio more but after all of the political dramas, it's just sitting there and not printing. I'm tired of holding it while passing on other bullish opportunities. Thinking of closing the positions to buy some more ICLN leaps calls.
If you spend much time thinking about this, you will drive yourself crazy and make stupid plays to make up for where you think you should be.
You still get buzzed from nicotine? Like a teen?
They’re usually like 5’2 looking like that girl from the Willy Wonka Movie who ate the candy that was a three course meal
My gf just asked me what I would do to treat myself when I make more money. I said buy more options. She ask you serious? And I’m like hell yeaaa so I can make even more money 🤪
I used to hate Monday mornings... they’re the best now
Whisper her your positions and brag about how many PLTR and GME shares you own
He's in the stew.
That only means taxes, inflation, and increasing interest rates. Buy value and banks
Kinda tasts like fish tbh, tried that already... she is beautiful tho, would say model like!
soooo pltr??? 😒😒
Great TSLA DD
Snitches get stitches, many people I know have moved on to their competitors.
Twitter's objective is not to make money. It's to influence public opinion. Now that they banned Trump (and numerous other high profile conservative accounts), I don't see it remaining as relevant as it used to be. Gab is now seeing a huge surge in traffic because that's where the conservatives are moving.
2012 Honda Accord, silver
[removed]
This makes sense as I am your only follower
They’ve been coming to check up on Elon Musk. So Tesla calls
300 by June bro buy now.
I’ve got 500$ I wanna send it with NiO what call should I buy. If any.
same here
What year? I use to have a 16 STI
Where did I say I’m currently a super bull? After selling my shares I’ve made enough on writing calls and puts. Not as much as I would have if I held but didn’t believe in the autism. I’ve been holding since IPO FTR
Lame go to r/NFL
His ban was an exaggerated measure. Guy seemed like a genuine government loving person, unless maybe that was part of their plan.
Benadryl. Like six minimum. Local store brand is cheaper and just as effective.

Fun fact: when you purchase sleeping pills, you’re basically buying overpriced Benadryl.
Let’s hold it because it’ll be a tough roller coaster ride. Cheers
Scroll out 3 months and look at the trend, you don't see anyone who has been in this play longer than 2 weeks complaining.
doubt you
Legit ready to max out all my credit cards for some more shares
Got all out of SLV before the drop. Dumb luck on my part.
Is there still a trade war with China or what?
Wack off
You're a bit fragile
That's her way of telling you she's gangbanging military when you're not around
Heelies
Hey bruh, I didn't read a single word past your title. I dont want to know what stocks are doing well. That's why god invented the internet. I want you to make a program that tells me what stocks to buy BEFORE THEY FUCKING DO WELL.

Is that so much to ask?
I had heard the ER call and will have enough shots prepared to drink one for each. Three bottles should be enough lmao
Why?
Oh ok ok
Puts on Lesley Stahl’s eye. Making me super squeamish.
TSLA 2 S3xy 4 u
wrx
Thank you stranger!
Very niice
[removed]
Our lord and savior Elon coming in clutch with the new share dilution upcoming.
Got any pics?
i got it from one of amarbar’s posts on stocktwits (is that his reddit btw? if so cool coincidence)

https://stocktwits.com/amarbar/message/267876929
VIX & spy futures are falling ? 🧐
Back down to $10 fuck MGNI
Steel is older than your great grandpa when he was in his dads nut sack
Seriously, if he wanted to sell in a year or 2. I still think the depreciation is worth the enjoyment.
Commodities are taking off. This could be a multi year run for all commodities.
1k commons at $16.30 and Feb $20 calls - to the mooooon 🚀🚀🚀
Haha, we’re all just guessing here anyway. My thoughts are that for Biden to claim any victory over COVID, it has to stay flat or get worse so he can swoop in and save America or orange man will get the credit. We all know that will never happen, so it’s a self fulfilling prophecy.
The original Frozen was almost 8 years ago... let that sink in
And some nice pavers for his driveway.
Pussy
Alice in borderland giving Battle Royal Vibes🗡⚔️🗡🔪😂🤣😅
TEVA? Feb/March calls.  Thoughts?
Bear r so fuk
If he already had a 100k car, how was 10k a YOLO??
are you able to follow yourself?
Some girls dont like fingers
Do it
I, for one am a conspiratorial and I proclaim that YOU are an alien and need to gtfo before we sick ICE on your ass
no but u could also try XPEV. its got the cheapest ev of the big 3 in china & hasn't had that nio bounce yet
I've been feeding him corn and dried oats so thats what I sent him off with.
How can  I sleep now and wake up at 9:30 please
Well apparently faraday future is getting the SPAC treatment. What do we think? Yea or Nay

Bloomberg: Faraday Future Is Said in Talks to Go Public Via SPAC Merger.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-10/faraday-future-is-said-in-talks-to-go-public-via-spac-merger
[deleted]
You. I like you.
It'll do the post battery day dip thing, then you buy.
Lol, I love it when people try to pump NIO. Pumping NIO here (1.3B float) is like trying to inflate a tractor tire with a hand pump.
Eh? Why?
Tankies deserve tendies too
Gold and Silver shitting the bed already 🤢 It makes no sense given they are right now pushing for the next stimulus
In with an average price of 18 from weeks back. Hoping to maybe buy some more tomorrow if there's a dip. Lower my average
Follow me at JackMaTing
Sweet.
nah man, just buy shares and enjoy the 100% returns by this time next year
Mine was not... Not even close.
How about some **B**ig **F**uckin **T**endies this week boys
So what in the ever loving fuck has silver been doing today?
[deleted]
-0.2%? OMG HeRe CoMeS ThE CoRrEcTiOn
 What cars do y’all drive?
how to set this up
They most likely won't announce the holiday sales at the ICR, these are just 2 separate things that will possibly happen in the same day. ICR we know is 4:30 tomorrow, but the holiday sales report is only expected due to based on previous years.
[deleted]
Same
Yeah man it's really easy.  Mesh is easier but for my gaming stuff I keep all of it hardwired, but like i said, the kids don't complain about anything and I have their consoles on the wireless.
I’m bullish as fuck
[removed]
[deleted]
I’m so hard for that, you couldn’t twist the skin with a pliers.
Actual facts, but I found the fishhook technique works well. Or just be a man and go down on her
Meme-ing Or Missing Out
China: what law?
Lol imagine having money in that old Tech and not new tech like Nio, Tesla, steel
It do
Ok then, all in
OnlyBabas
Don't know, don't care
Anyone playing with CHGG
Trump is ineffectual he won't do shit to Twitter. He's threatened it a few times.
Am i gonna get gulaged if i'm gonna say that i'm gonna load on NIO calls?
Go all in. There's a chance you become a millionaire.
That what I was hoping to do. 1/22 calls are only $500 and I’m willing to YOLO that. I don’t actually expect Tesla to hit $1200 by then. Too bullish
I gotta nicotine buzz
Have you seen the average Spanish chick?
Not yet completely. But getting there.
[deleted]
I bought plenty of Tesla shares under $400 pre-split, but cheers for the advice.
thoughts on LMND? sure looks like a runner
*repetitive sex isn’t temporary
**7 figure portfolios don’t last long in this sub 😏
But it aint. With rates staying near 0 until 2023, AtATs high debt suddenly is a huge benefit. They have massive cash flows to pay it down, while paying no interest
Seems racist
Did I by a few SPY puts? Yes. Do I think we are going to crash? No. BTFD. Don't fight the Fed. TSLA 1k EOW or bust.
Yes
390 trading soon 🔮
E-40-in the struggle **BULL ANTHEM** 🚀🚀
Shits hitting 91 relax
Or if you pay attention to technicals
two fingers, palm to the sky, curl them up a little bit and rub the rough patch on top u virgin
Thanks! I generally just want to bring awareness and I notice that the only stocks from the cannabis world that get any play here are TLRY, ACB and APHA. 

If you buy the bull thesis there is a bunch more to explore, best of luck!
Bowling ball technique and curl fingers back and forth to palm and out
a foot long hot dog is comical to me
u must not have any nio calls.😯😯
Tendies? 

## The human head weighs 8 pounds.
his own platform:

BabaFansOnly
Oh I guess I don’t need to Translate into American for you....put it this way, the best player was a full time plumber
[deleted]
The shit posting is incredible at this point of the weekend😂 everyone is so bored they don’t know what to talk about anymore and just start saying the dumbest shit
You can vent bro- we're here for you
[removed]
My tiktok follower count is higher than my portfolio
Try using your tentacles, girls love that shit
Futures have been flat and will continue to be flat but I will still watch them all night anyways
Retards are always looking for a reason why its green or red. 

The sooner you realize the market is manipulated the faster your grooves develop
The divided states of America lol
Seems fishy
Absolutely not
Well said but you didn't say fuck CCP so it'll be downvoted
What is the holy FUCK does math have to do with the stock market? This isn't a fucking GAME, SON. Or maybe it is, but still, you're losing.
Might go down due to apple’s announcement
I remember noise about Tesla having calls on these shares.  If so Tesla will have tens of billions in profit in the quarter it happens.
They found Ma on top of an AC last week. Didnt you see the Video?
How my spy 381C 1/22 looking?
It was a meme stock in summer 2018 and they called it the Netflix of China but never lived up to it
[deleted]
[deleted]
Red
[deleted]
How u know bb
I’m not stressing one bit my guy. They will print big.
That's just the way S3 count all long positions (including synthetic longs), you can check this article about details: https://www.shortsight.com/short-interest-of-float-2-0
This DOESN'T change the fact that around 100% of shares outstanding is shorted
I won’t disappear until I hit the 7 digits.  😂
Brother, I don’t have that much in so I hope you’re right. But if I get the dough from this, it’s all going YOLO into something retarded.
More procrasturbating
Yeah what were your positions though? Screenshots?
Many people feel the same world. We can all feel how shitty and divided this country is becoming. The corruption in leadership has never been more obvious
Yeah but now every second post is Gamestop
People might actually stay home
Truly the worst outcome
But the supply demand could be artificially portrayed right now because of covid. Houses are selling fast and yay for low interest rates but people simply arent selling bc of covid could be the larger reason and once this thing is behind us and flood gates open then things may normalize to new levels which im thinking are significantly lower but dafuq do i know
I totally expect a bifurcation of internet services over the next couple years.  Someone should start a free speech cloud computing service and make a killing.  Big tech is going to ban themselves into an empty echo chamber.
Did you give him a snack pack at least? He might get hungry.
Long TSLA, but puts when it hits 1k.
Fuck vrabel on the opponents 40 need a touchdown and cant run it with Henry for a yard. Fml.
Did you not see the dragonfly candle? Bullish.
[deleted]
have you considered asking her?
F90 m5 comp is so dope
What are we realistically expecting from the conference tomorrow for GME?
is it too late to hop on the NIO bandwagon lol
Big yes
Maybe I am just calloused but I find those comments to be a bit more tongue in cheek than anything else.
That reminds me we have a 3 day weekend next week....fuckkkk
when it hits 1000$ this week, sell for a profit or roll out to a further exp. 

Tsla will most probably be 1200+ this year, but 1/22 is too soon.   Rocket needs time to refuel before launch.   

In Elon we trust,
To cash out for money worth nothin
Looks ugly af
*Oh they call me "Joey" so that must be my first name right? * - a family member probably
Killed in a drug deal gone bad
They buy dividend stocks
lol JP Morgan sends his regards
Why would anyone leave FANG? This is bullish for FANG they are on the dems side. Big tech doesn't have to worry about getting broken up for at least 4 years now.
[deleted]
Futures look green tomorrow
I’m gonna stick the tip in on some PSTH calls, not all the way in, but i want to see if it has that WAP
Good luck bro
You have my support! But not my money
Tree Fitty, max.
Use your whole fist
Yes. It’s not a car company anymore. Their mission statement is "to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy.” They can sell whatever they want as long it supports their mission. They’re solving the biggest problem in the world right now and this is just the beginning. If it dips hard, buy more. Don’t be a boomer scratching their heads in 2030 while saying that if only they bought Tesla stocks in 2020.
Why are Spanish teachers always smoking hot. Mine was a 9/10 Puerto Rican milf in high school.
Bro, we don’t wanna hear about you pinching out a shit again.
Dude. Go to a different sub. FFS😂
Explain
Apparently jack ma is getting ready to announce his OnlyFans channel
Insanely retarded
I mean he didn't.... Someone else made the post you dipshit
Tesla $400 puts are gonna print this year. Hit me up with the downvotes for more losses
Dawg... I literally read an article about this in 2016... & guess what. We’re ATH. Lmao.
Good to know. Setup looks decent tho
That was like the Chicago bears playing a private all girls high school
RemindME! Friday
There is already a map that shows tens of thousands fled the major liberal cities and went to smaller towns and in particular, Texas and FL.
Maybe he met his fellow retards and decided to have a good time 🤣.
He did amazing, a lotta people will say its a depreciating asset but I imagine those people woulda just retraded those profits and in a year or two went to half or zero then they would be bitching about i wish i had something to show for my work. 

Go enjoy your earnings can't take it to the grave, and hell if you take a big hit on your account in a year god forbid. Guess what you can sell that car for pretty decent. Better than Zero. Enjoy
If they get options gonna be lit
MGNI 🚀🚀🚀

P.S.🖕🏻spruce 🌈🐻
Alexa play Eminem - Higher  
For my gme bros
i love 2 day weekends
isn't that bill's car?

bill spacman
Why feel bad for a corporation? Fuck em
Dont worry all our short term cap gains will pay it off
You alright?
I drive a small car becuase it's comfortable
Trading double that in just a few months. Feels good doesn't it? Good job!
buying a BMW in 2021 

OMEGA LUL
Party like it's 1920.
Theta gang can hope
Don’t do this lol
Puts on Twitter!
Nah, I wish. I’d probably have a lot more money rn
Extraordinary
These fuckers want us to lose. Alright, PJs, you’re on.
[deleted]
I love how he said “my friend.” Everyone know whoever posted this has losses of at least 25k and he ain’t smart enough to buy low😂😂😂
LMFAO IM DEAD 🤣🤣
PLTR $100C
Bydin
Anyone got tipps for fingering a girl? When we do the kisses she gets wet af but with my hands i kinda cant make her feel how i want her to feel with
Sex is temporary gratification. A seven figure portfolio is forever
Oof
They will. MT after earnings. Trust.
Nah IV is annualized my guy
Same as when theyre green for no reason
Apple fixing to moon. I’ve been throughly fluffed so I’m hard and ready. 33 grand worth of March $130 calls. Lets do this Tim
Censored Netflix.
looks beautiful
Absolute nonsense. They spanked some team 5-0 today, although admittedly I'd never heard of them before, ever
What’s your snap?
There may be some sell off early in the week; there's been a massive run up, but we are headed up by EOM.  Biden is gonna unveil a multi-trillion dollar fiscal spending plan this week.  $2000 checks are in the pipeline.  New data shows that the vaccines work against both the UK and South African strains.  

We good. No one gaf about the inauguration and Trumpers trying to disturb it.  We are already looking towards 2022 at this point, and investing in companies that are gonna explode once that juicy fiscal loot gets pumped.
Batteries are the only thing Tesla has an advantage in but guess what - it still doesn't justify Tesla's austistically high valuation
Silver stahp
One is in a barstool vid
Bro they didn’t get dropped for being offensive they got dropped for organizing and inciting an attack on the fucking Capital of the United States of Fucking America, something that hadn’t been done since the British in 1812. They got dropped for inciting a mob TO BEAT A FUCKING COP TO DEATH ON A FUCKING LIVE STREAM YOU SMOOTHBRAINED 🌈🐻!!
Got some miners too, well be red tomorrow for sure. I'm freeing up some cash to buy the dip tho.
Drugs, kids, poverty
I own 4,000 shares around $19. It'll probably pullback more but I don't mind.
So then what’s up with SRPT 55% drop? People are bullish?
Bro get it right. Its donnie dollars and biden bucks. The $600 congress coins were useless
[removed]
Were you an incel?
No one ever got rich with paper hands.
Thoughts on buying QQQJ or ICLN calls tmrw?
You guys ready for the biggest squeeze?
Yeah boi!
Hi!

I’m new here. 

Would you mind to please eli5 these “leaps” and how they work? 

I’m stocks only right now, but I’m want to learn more.
Bruh. What’s up?
This printer going ber is gonna be savior and doom of all of us lol
Where did you see news that it definitely wouldn’t be delisted?
Wait, what happened?! I’m balls deep in Vale and need some $$$
Prove you have a big pp without telling me you have a big pp
[removed]
No shit. The man is not only keeping us down but also from tendies. I’ll likely pick up 100 shares or whatever of each to throw in the Roth. 

Just subd to both thanks for the recommendation. And thank you for the quality reply. You the MVP. 

Tying to avoid the state specific pump plays as I see a lot of bias because most fucks don’t travel 10 min from home on a daily basis. So this is a great list for me to get plugging away on.
Well, at least the hairstyle fits. 🤷‍♂️
epic EV pump tmw as investors rotate money out of FANG to EV stocks.
Moon
Ah.  I thought you misspelled "fomo".
Pretty retarded
You should, thanks for selling em tho I bought a bunch
math checks out
What happened to the “cool” kids at your high school?
Why are futures red for no reason?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/drty_heroic the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I cycle through, once ER has passed they're gone until next quarter
How is technology and it’s improvement in productivity accounted for?
That would be my move
America, only country in the world to have commited genocide of the previous inhabitants of a land, used slaves to build on that land, and still act like they are the morale compass of the world. Bravo you self absorbed, unaware idiot. At least these countries doing these bad things dont pretend they have morale authority while your racist ass acts like you are.
Extremely
Yeah. Tell you what, to even up the fact of creating this sad thread, I'll show you a video of what may be your next favourite game. Search YouTube for "Kenshi review". The first one should be something "SSS KENSHI" by some "Seth" something. That one is good. You will probably find the video funny even if you're not considering playing it. And that, you probably didn't knew about!
1k EOW or bust
Fuch yeah. Always.
I bear my ban flair with pride
Tesla is making a convertible? $1000 EOW
Seeking confirmation that Nio is hitting 90 at opeb
Ban.
Woah woah woah.... futures are a way of life. We bear or Bull, we all want a green portfolio tomorrow. We in this together fam.

-GreenFuturesMatter
Let’s hope so
Kinda sketchy you don't mention anything about how this performed historically tbh.

Also, could you elaborate on the details of your algorithm? Asking as a fellow developer
All this bearish talk is bullish to me 🤣. LFG. Red by open & green intraday. You know the vibes 🚀🚀🚀
😝
Tsla to 1000?
take off to $4 would be more fun tbh
The mind sees what it wants I suppose
Excited about Cresco. It doesn't feel like they've quite had their day yet. Many argue that investors haven't come to appreciate their wholesale strategy, which differentiates them from other Tier 1. 

I think they have great footing in the emerging markets and I like their branding and products. They also have some reasonable warrants for leverage
Ironic
Reminder that about 8 months ago, this subreddit was mocking Burry for his big bet on GameStop.
Double down. You got this.
Premium won't mean shit if it smashes strike prices
Tilting day of football betting, moving out of the country at the end of the week

Sets up for very rational decisions tomorrow
Same man :/
Why are you 🌈?
I’m depressed AF at the world. Never felt like this before. Don’t even care how much I’ve made or continue to make off this rigged ass market.
[deleted]
Don’t recall the last time I got sucked off from a stock
It's just a flavor of stop loss
Elon is farming free money
[deleted]
this is the way
Yeah I got fiber as well. Wouldn’t know anything about wiring shit like that. So it’s definitely possible? Might see if I have a buddy that could do it, so I could hardwire to my master. Would it be worth doing that, or should I just go full mesh network?
Yolo on TSLA weeklys cos that worked last week
I like how the sound of the clock is synchronized with the youtube timer
Pray my SNOW puts print so I can bail
[deleted]
Don't worry DXY its a looooong night take as many breaks as you need 😊
Yea the best Dicks are the purple ones.
Re-Fucking-tarded cowboy
I intended on getting a 750 put weekly for five hundo tomorrow.

I think I'll wait a bit.
Futures say you're fine
Eh he’ll get it done but tell us in 1 month and have it finished in 12

Fully acceptable tho
Green by open ez
Hi
>I have 18 calls in 8 different companies and shares in 5 different companies - worth about $3k (I am a poor). Thinking about consolidating into one YOLO, not sure though

Buy shares young greedy.
I just want to be an Anal God too 🥺
[removed]
Today was bitter sweet, as many of you know Jack Ma has been living in my shed while I take care of him. Well today I took him to a local preserve and released him back into the wild. Sure am gonna miss the little guy, but I think this is for the best.
Honestly just want GME to take off to see the absolute madness tht ensues here
Ballzy
[removed]
Doubt it
Ultra
I regret selling my TSM calls friday 😭
True LOL on this comment. Under upvoted.
It will if the stocks it holds continues to rise..
u nasty
That's weird af
ban, no rocket emoji for GME.
Pics or ban
Bans go PRRRRRTTT.
Hope you got lube
Wait till Elon says his satellites will beam fucking energy into your tesla and charge it while you're driving lol
This
FREE TENDIES
You on the highway to kicking your wife’s boyfriend out of the house.
I did, yes! I hope it pays off for you. It's an interesting case to watch, for sure. Gamestop has great "bones" for a company reinvention but some serious issues that have led to its long-term decline. Definitely some chances for the stock to pop off as Cohen takes more control and starts to implement the vision. I may buy a dip with fuck around money.
Dudes account is 1m old lol
A 10k YOLO?
Spurs are shit #coyg
This is the way.
So is $MOON just essentially the meme index etf?
It's dumb to be perma bull or perma bear. Learn to play both sides lol
It’s actually ~97% just you all know.
[removed]
The American dream
I said the frog
do NOT forget cobalt
Went straight down when the riots happened on wednesday- legit got whiplash
Literally dozens of dollars wow
Do it, but you better put that shit all into GME or you're a fucking pussy
a lot of my plays are on spy, but then again im a retard
I turned 15k into 200k still going
Any and all jobs where you get certified by your state or the government as being trained and are pretty much guaranteed a steady income as long as you continue.
You know what? I’m gonna say it. NIO $1000 EOY putting my life savings in January 2022 calls wish me luck
Turbo
I own way too many shares of this
40% of the time, this strategy works half the time.
One-time dividend. Does that hurt call options since share price goes down the amount of a dividend does anyone know?
Got those fancy netgear nighthawk ones. Better than a repeat or extended I previously used. Havent had no signal drop or speed drop.
godspeed retard, may we roll with tendies in Valhalla
When will Tesla give us plebs a 5,000-10,000 dollar car?!
NIO GAngggggg 🚀🚀🚀🚀
inflation and interest rates and boomer bonds. nothing related to tendies, move along.
What do you mean?? Robinhood literally needs no verification because they wanna trap those losers in depression.. just need a first name and $$$
Reddit can't ban us. Do you think the big fund managers are conducting their own DD? Too much big money is watching this sub.
Very reasonable concern. 

The lesson I took from Canada is that no company magically turns into an execution monster. I like the big four because they are established operators. They have had to pay crazy taxes and have had to build separate infrastructure in each state -- and despite that they are growing like hell. They were forged in fire basically and some didn't make it (e.g. MedMen, Ianthus). Now that prospects are actually looking up like access to banking (SAFE act) and repeal of 280e (much lower taxes) it's just an accelerant for their growth. 

This is why I'm mainly sticking to the Tier 1 operators even though there is arguments for the Tier 2.
Rona will never be over just contained look at aids cancer? over means the gov & hospitals & cancer reaserch over means their money will be over not going to happen anytime soon not to be negative just being real 2+2 = 4 find some covid plays 1 good play il give u is GAXY their making covid shields for schools once schools open up its to the 🌙 since they won't open em up without em do your own dd happy trading btw its 
@.0262 as of now but wont stay there my average is .01 with 50k shares so far
[deleted]
I've been permenantly banned from r/roastme. 🤷 I think it was automodded though.
$PLUG Power!
I lurk here but damnit I like coming here watching you guys talk about TSLA NIO and 🌈🐻, and I want to enjoy some memes about options I can't afford.
You are legend
That mean square calls?
Lmao imagine not having a ternion all powerful... wait a minute
$TSLA
Wtf is that. If it's some fundamentals bs leave her
I've got one question - where is my YOLO play?
market was closed then bro
Que?
Lol exactly
/SIL please....
Aint gonna be no tesla pullback f*****
I feel the same way. I get a chunk of profit share in a couple months I’m hoping it may be enough to do something with it.
They only mean something when they go in the direction that I am biased for
Peasant somebody get him out
That’s because nvda isn’t an emerging market.  They might 2x by the end of the year but NIO could easily 5x if the market continues as it has been.
Why would he lie.  I’m sure you’re right and he did. But why? To impress a bunch of anonymous retards? I love the humans.
Can’t read this without hearing that damn come come my lady song
Yes, when the general population finds a problem it will amass its knowledge ,talents and ideas to best solve a problem = tendies. So PLTR to the moon right? 🚀🚀🛸🛸🛸
Anyone still play spy on the regular?
Mods
#Q
#E
I dont even know what IQIYI does but fuck it. Calls on them.
Instructions for cooking tendies are as follows:  


* Open designated trading App
* Dump entire portfolio on GME
* Wait

Tendies will be ready in 2-3months
... so all in ELY?
NIO calls
Answering not jokingly, Rice Krispies. It’s like Mountain Dew oatmeal if you let it sit and crackle a second.
[deleted]
buy buy buy
USA
[removed]
All in - how much is “all?

I’m in IPOE as well for the record. Just not “all” in.
[removed]
Buy. All day long
At least to shake some out
Okay Karen... I mean this in two separate and yet identical ways
yea the three white soldiers is a chart pattern
Which ones harder though?
NIO

maybe a bit of $TSLA but NIO.

if things are deeply red, maybe some more of Aunt Cathie's soup, maybe some boomer SPYG since i have tons of gainzzzz
[deleted]
Yikes
Holding my Riot Calls through the pain tomorrow & holding my tsla weeklie until wed. :)
It has become a witch-hunt
Isn’t Costco high or was a temp thing?
Twitter is a shitty app, Dorsey needs to step away and focus on SQ 100%
Link?
The medallion fund is honestly so fucking interesting
Next stimmy check will cover most of your losses.
good q
I have 18 calls in 8 different companies and shares in 5 different companies - worth about $3k (I am a poor). Thinking about consolidating into one YOLO, not sure though
Sammmmeeee
Quite possibly the worst advice given.
This mans looking up signals of the next crash
You can only buy every other monthlies for Canoo right now.  So Feb or May.  I suppose you could try to ride the Jan15 expiration for a quick return.
STEEL N COPPER ! BRING BACK THE OLD TIMES!
Even in football the bears get crushed. Some things just never change.
Who needs women when u have stocks
Order a pizza, wait for pretrading.
Premium is too expensive.  Shares are the way to go with margin vs leaps for these type of plays.
[deleted]
Realistically I don’t think anything happens
As long as vaccine works against any COVID mutations it'll be the roaring 20's all over again.
Calls it is
7.17%
New blood doesn't remember the last red January for the funny money, this is gonna be good
If LIT doesn’t gap up bigly tomorrow, I am fuk.
Wut... Like seriously wut
Ah sheeeet! Pack it up boys!
Is BABA a buy or should I wait until they find Jack Ma???
Is it still a good long term buy? Market cap almost 500b now
Forgot to add “TLDR: positions” at the end.  Next time.
That's how old you have to be to open a RH account
Seems like something is going on with the jump late last week?
It's almost as if investing consists of holding something for more than a couple of hours, who knew?
You can sue anyone. 

You could also use it to your advantage and become a middle school gym teacher.
She kinky
but that hot blonde tho....
Few days before. Should start running up I’m pretty bullish on FB
[removed]
As long as those fuckers don't raise the rates... There's some weird new cycle about it this weekend
Cinnamon Churros
7.ish percent. Shits nice
WSB doesn't know what that means
Lol this jackass has nothing better to do than to sound stupid. Have fun with that bro.

Edit sp
This is not now you write /s ,  you are  clearly American.
[deleted]
Wtf
I'm surprised at how well he got all of those numbers out without getting hung up on anything
That is retarded.   Do it yourself lmao.  But the oldest boy who plays siege said the connection has been more stable with no hiccups and we have like 20 devices connected at all times.  1gb fiber line fyi
Over 100k and as fast as a 250k Porsche or Lambo around a race track. If I make a bunch in an options account I will be buying something like that too. Who knows where we will be when Im 45 after a crazy ass year like this.
hope they gave them ear plugs. OSHA shit
It is dying though
what does a negative yield curve mean?
[removed]
“The one who stayed”.
Oh well, give it a year and you’ll be doing just fine
this is an absolute trash trade bro
Happened to me too. Lost 70k, kept holding back then till it expired worthless. Was dumb when I looked back but I thought tesla ain't gonna let me down but I held at the wrong time. Tesla was due for a correction in September and it had to take a while before it get back to where it is right now. I'm assuming you bought at the high?
I'm sorry you missed the Nio train.
You got me feeling 🌈
[deleted]
This is FAKE AS FUCK. 

Bears dont know when to get out, they get hit by the Tesla Train.  

Here's the proof.

[TSLA Bear hit by TSLA Train](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ksyvq9/life_of_a_tsla_bear_tsla_to_mars/)
[deleted]
Ah shit, here we go again
[removed]
I used to work for a white glove wealth management firm. They make stupid amounts of money off of people just writing a 75k check and not having enough money to cover in their account so the PB or FA has to liquidate to cover and have the check rerun
Go away gay boy
My biggest position currently is in x at 530 shares. I also have 300 shares each in VALE CLF MT SCHNN. X is currently my best position up +30%
I’m confused
Well are you?
[removed]
INCL gang
PCS have been printing lol
My girlfriend just asked me if I use the three white soldiers strategy to make tendies. Wtf.
Only if you weren’t so poor..😭
[removed]
I just sometimes find myself wishing I didn’t have the aptitude for it so I didn’t even have the option in the first place..
Boomer talk
Perform analingus
“There can be a hundred people in the room, and 99 don’t believe in you, but one does.” - Lady Gaga - Ryan Cohen
If you haven’t been dumping money into ICLN like crazy the last few months I don’t even know what to say. Guarantee this is gonna be the big printer for 2021 and most likely beyond.
[deleted]
No bear is golden
Eat pizza rolls
Call me a massive boomer, but every time shartcoin takes a fat nosedive, I get this warm feeling inside and an urge to refill my wine glass
Fuck. I feel like I was touched by greatness
Hey man, great job! Keep it up and hopefully you won’t be living paycheck to paycheck for much longer!
lol
No ban plz
Trying to buy at 16
Worst case scenario: Trump's new social media would probably welcome WSB with open arms and a capitalists' smile.
[deleted]
So it's going into... another saturated, low-margin bubble market? That again doesn't explain why the valuation is so ridiculously high.
Look into powerline adapters, internet through your home power wiring. Then connect that to another router/WiFi extender upstairs or directly to your device.
Makes me think of how my in-laws lectured me about how we’ll all be saved once we get gold backed currency. They even laid it out with lots of slow pauses just in case my brain was overheating. (◑́_◑᷅ )
Wednesday. I remember it very clearly
People can't download a pet off of Steam, Playstation Online etc... Where's the market for Game?
450*
Sounds like a politician
Fuck NIO. Fuck China, any company based in China and their genocidal ways.
[removed]
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Jboynt13|[Why do the mods here love to ghost posts for no valid reason](https://redd.it/kuqj5t)
/u/AbbreviationsMore200|[PDD is a evil company](https://redd.it/kuql1m)
/u/tester25386|[EWY to the MOON](https://redd.it/kuqq2d)
/u/Fabulous_Mammoth9288|[Is Tesla a bubble about to pop?](https://redd.it/kuqqqd)
/u/HashbrownMD|[Anyone else happy Elon is rich AF?](https://redd.it/kuqrdk)
/u/HeyULost|[Let's say FU to CCP](https://redd.it/kur1gr)
/u/outoftheMultiverse|[So you buy options and money prints? Im bordeline tardy.](https://redd.it/kur88v)
/u/Bip2012|[Q!](https://redd.it/kurb24)
/u/Baume12|[$HYLN to the moon ?](https://redd.it/kuria8)
/u/Crazytimtam|[Options in Australia](https://redd.it/kurltn)
If you liked Jpows quanatative easing in 2020 you ain't seen nothing yet.  Biden, Jpow and Yellen are gonna print so much money.
SPY at numbers havent seen since 28 hours ago
[deleted]
Gotta lure more peeps in
Post pic of positions here when you buy tomorrow.
Hmmm
First time in 4.5 years you're making your first investment?  Huh
[deleted]
[removed]
Are you ready for what’s in store tomorrow 🤵🏻🥂
Probs. 

You’d be my first ever....
Since when does being curious to what a dik tastes like make me gay? I mean um vale and icln to the moon.
I talk about the weekend Dow every weekend
Top is in boys
When’s the last time we had a red day? Feels like fucking forever
The app that comes with it is super simple and easy to use. Can see alot of the traffic going through each device, etc. I believe when you walk away from each pod, it connects you to the closest pod. Cool stuff like that. The only drawback is that each pod only has 1 ethernet port
Ban
What's the move guys
Idk that's why I'm testing it. Saw 2 people mention "incl"
No it’s all good he’s betting on the game via DKNG making it clearly related to this sub
>At least Americans have the illusion of freedom


Do we? We've been under quarantine most of the year. China practically defeated the virus 6 months ago.
[deleted]
I didn't see that one in the rule book
TWTR Puts
This comment is under rated.
Tesla or nio predictions this week? Plays for 2k?
Dude just do some spreads
No place like home.
[deleted]
So should I buy into NIO stock or leaps when I reorganize my portfolio tomorrow so that I don’t have to touch it for a month?
Fruit loops? That sounds pretty good
I have lost friends to heroin. Friends I grew up with, families I know like my own. Completely torn by that drug. It was sad, and still is
Can you sue hair stylists??

I look like a manly lesbian that tweets about how much  she hates men all day.
Should be a good test of he will be a strong president or a middling one. Use your political capital now to secure your parties advantage in the house/senate and then go full nuts after 2022. Risky play.
I treat red days as a fluke in the system
Oh you're one of them no one wants your pronouns bro
Went short on Friday.
Is there any precedent for them pulling the rug from under a vie structure? Are there any safeguards in place for investors from the U.S side of things?
My NGA
Holding on to ICLN!
Why would it be?
This was all the mfers going on about AMD in August
wtf?  The dude wasn't lying.  

https://www.businessinsider.com/nio-tesla-of-china-has-swanky-clubhouse-for-car-owners-tour-photos-2018-10

The whole thing wasn't exactly a big secret but I didn't know about it, and the moment I knew it was a thing I thought it was a pretty good idea.  I think it WILL help sell Nio cars and I'm glad I got the info.  This seems like some /r/conspiracy shit to me.
Yeah .... and? They are getting into software and have continued to expand margins even through COVID. Imo they are the best positioned aerospace and defense company
Buy expensive one that guarantee tendies
It would be real cool if TSM opens in the 120s
I wish, ETF tracking imaginary currency that's taking a 10% dive
🤦‍♂️
Yes it literally can
Your missing the forest for the trees, TSLA has solved the automotive and rideshare industries, and with solar and batteries they are getting into the grid which is opening up a new market.
Yup. Don’t buy China for anything but a short term play
i’ve decided im gonna buy 3 long TSLA calls. too much 🌈🐻 energy out there
We’re a very large subreddit with a lot of users browsing for this sub only. It’d be very dumb of them to nuke wsb
Fundamentals baby
Positions?
The real root of the labor "oversupply" isn't Asia and Europe, it's automation.
That's not the same short interest data, the article is talking about all long/short positions that exist, basically when a short seller wants to short the stock, he borrows shares from their owner, then he sells them and someone else buys them, so let's say there is only 1 share, that means there are 2 long positions  (1 is lending his shares) and 1 short position, that makes the short interest 50%. So in case of GME that would be around 140 mil long positions and 70 mil short. Short interest is still around 100% of shares outstanding, that's just a fancy way to make it seem smaller by the author of this short sponsored bearish article
Downvote brigade back
What makes you think he’s losing money? NIO has been on a tear like the past 2 weeks really. Just broke it’s ATH.
If you are between the ages of 18-40, you had a 25% chance of having hooked up with her.  If you were between the ages of 15-65, you had a 50% chance of having hooked up with her.  If you were between the ages of 12-85 you had a 66 and 2/3 chances.  So, that means if you are 30, you had a 139 and 2/3% chance of having hooked up with her.  The numbers don't lie!
Hey dumbasses. It can't be green every week.
Really? They defeated the coronavirus and consistently grow their standard of living every year. They are on track to completely eliminate poverty in the country. They were a 3rd world country like 60 years ago and now they're the #2 world superpower.
Prolly a good idea. i think their earnings report is Feb 18th.
The next 4 / 8 years will be the greenest fucking years in the history of green. It'll be so green they'll literally have to re-define the color green
Indeed. If not for mass ignorance/fear, companies like Edward Jones wouldn't exist.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck
Unless a ceo said it then we print.
We still have weekend dow talk bro

And this guy has a chicken picking his plays rn

Wsb is actually half decent rn. Way better than october or November
$200,000,000. This guy keeps posting ads on IG about how he called AMZN at $15. I was only 4 y.o in 1997, i am a true retard
Tomorrow I will spend the day constantly reloading looking for GSAH news. Pitter patter.
ávíátó
Why?
That is an incorrect statement. The scored a TD in 2019 playoffs
Nah but when you see it on Tiktok lmk
He’s not nearly as smart as he makes himself out to be. Obviously he won “the game”  since he got rich, but it wasn’t due to intelligence. Not to mention he’s a criminal that ruined lives- and everyone salivates at the thought of him.
Yup, and they told me they're sending SWAT to your house as you read this. GL, retard.
Apples had car rumor baked into price for over a year.

  


Hyundai up 25% however.
Yes
Doubt it. I'm sure Opec wants prices higher with lower supply then lower with low supply. Everyones hurting now while China gets further ahead.

Russia and Opec need money

And frankly lets say they did. It would bankrupt US companies and eventually oil futures would sling shot higher even faster. 

Look at UCO and USO. Theres no world in the future that can exist as bad as last March and negative cost. 

Prices are going to swing up no matter what.
$STEEL
BAN
Your negative sentiment is music to my ears...gonna make a fortune. To be clear, the bag you referred to will be a bag of 💰.
Getting temp banned
Ty. Ill take the - lol
Bruh ain’t nobody losing money in NIO this last week.  But it’s gonna hit $100 in no time anyway.  I got 💯 gains and I’m still $11 OTM.  😂
For the first time in 4.5 years, I am making my first investment.

I'm all in on IPOE (SOFI): 
+ Backed by Chamath and Thiel
+ Cathie Wood lists them as a leader in fintech innovation
+ Cramer has stated in a tweet that he wants to buy SoFi
+ Makes more rev than SNOW and DOOR but has only a fraction of the market cap

+ I just saw SoFi Stadium while watching the playoffs and that's all I really needed to see.
Believe me I’ve tried. Posts get deleted and it’s hard to hold anyone’s attention. Check out r/CannabisMSOs for the deep dive on the American plays, and r/weedstocks if you want more perspective on the Canadian LPs (mostly). 

I can tell you that for those who are very interested in the US space the argument always come down to the following:

Nearly everyone describes the big four as having big potential: curaleaf, trulieve, green thumb and cresco.

Then you have the crowd which believe that the large Canadian players are gonna find a way in: canopy (most legit as they have deals in place with acreage and terrascend), APHA/tilray, and Aurora (the clown pick).

You’ll have a few people pushing the tier 2 operators with the theory that the right pick will outperform the Tier 1: terascend, ayr strategies, Colombia care, harvest, etc (there are quite a few). 

Then you’ll have another group pushing other plays based on one core proposition like their big in one state, or they collect/sell data and software.

My personal approach is that the big 4 is a big enough opportunity, I don’t have to choose the one baby ass stock that’s gonna go 15x when the big guys can maybe do 5-10x
Baba finna moon
Fuck, I have been avoiding it as cnbc is constantly talking about it as if it were constantly going up.
Thinking of getting that exact pack.
Cheese futures ?
Sell high
We ain't even close to this top until we hit SPY 400
Bro it's an ETF chill out
I’m planning on rolling over my 1/15, might have to get those
Yes
No, there are 68 million shares short and 69 million total outstanding. Barron's appears to be wrong.
I definitely took profit. Short term i had 1/8 60.5s made 200%ish on those. “Longer” term. I have a bunch of 1/29 60s, 3/19 57.5s, and 3/19 60s. Up between 100-200% on those. Will trim the 1/29s aggressively into conference rumors this week. And keep the 3/19s to play takeout/earnings. 

EDIT:takeout *rumors*
BRO WHAT ARE STEEL FUTURES TICKER?

WTF
Holding NIO and trying hop back in plug after selling at $28 ;(
Huh
That's a great idea, the professor for one of my Python classes in college created an app to scrape twitter and estimate people's general outlook based on positive vs negative words used in posts to predict changes in the market. Not sure how successful it ended up being, but this type of mining will probably extremely profitable if done correctly.
What was put out Friday? I didn't notice anything noteworthy.
VALE 2/19 19c lookin pretty popular, may hop in that bad boy manana, already in ICLN
[removed]
I was down 20/share on LMND for 6 months. Printing money now though. Gotta believe in what you buy.
Like a few days before or tmr?
My CBOE puts are starting to look pretty tasty
Because this is WSB, I'm retarded, and my DD is superficial at best.
Hmm I’ll look into that, don’t need that happening
https://stocks.comment.ai/hall_of_fame.html
Bruh believe me I know... our dumbass provider says they can’t get a hard wire to this side of the house. So retarded
Why no more TDOC? 

I’ve been looking for an entry after a pullback

(Put writes so a bit better break even price)
Let's get those tendiessss
It's just people using the acronym lol
1/22 590C
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
A lottery ticket
[deleted]
Calm down b. Is MT the top play
What cheap calls should I buy tmrw?
You just made my dick hard as steel and full of sex appeal!!!!!
Same hah, im done posting rebuttals and facts to retarded ppl doing this comparison. Better comparison is Amazon when it was at 3000+ PE ratio in 2013.
Over exposed. You’re buying three airline stocks. Going airline is fine, but pick one.
It’s gonna be the last chance to do it tbh
It’s fucked. I would love to talk to the  people buying this stock. They prolly set money on fire for fun. Also, I’m kinda glad Tesla had such a crazy run. Kinda makes me feel like the bubble will pop sooner.
There is definitely some that are not traded. Elon has a fuckloaf and is primed to get more.

Not sure what S&P counted or didnt count. Just know they decided it was 20% that they excluded.
[removed]
Why?
He already it had already
Cresco also has a good footprint in PA. Good product too
1/2 of TSLA investors just have a crush on Elon
Ummm probably 50. 
I’m holding shares now. I’ll buy into leaps for next year if there’s a dip again.
same

as long as we keep moving shop when the sht blows up we'll always be the truest of retards
Autistic here means smart so very autistic
Strikes ?
Europe and North America are not an archipelago (lots of domestic flights with worse maintenance) with regular tropical storms and microbursts however
[deleted]
B U L L I S H.  A F
why?
Have a full Ubiquiti network in my house. It slaps
Here you go r/NFL a sub made for annoying comments like this
Yep
It’s not even meant to be derogatory
“Congratulations! 🎉🎉🎊🎊You’ve come full circle 😺😺😺”
Sell before earnings
A garbage BMW that has no resale value
[removed]
$60~80 Jan 2023 calls if you want to play it safe and still get good leverage
This is the way,just be a frugal fuck even if you're rich af.
You are missing the weekly part.  The original advice was to sell weekly calls - which are unqualified calls regardless of the strike.
We have changed. How did this happen?

No more praying threads

No more weekend dow

That’s our history guy. Our heritage if you will.
Why? Because there may be something to gain. Not having an overt conflict doesn't mean we're not in a war. 

The Chinese plans for generations away while the west at most plans for the next election...
Pin this shit so the ghey bears can eat ass
Why ask? I know exactly how this feels
Yeah, sometimes it's a price to pay for information hahah
PLUG or nIO this week? NIO scares me if there is a TSLA pullback it will tank with it
Real talk
[deleted]
Ik, I would say I’m pretty aware of the opportunities outside of “education” as an engineer.. and I’m not bagging on it it’s a great job (I’ve had multiple internships and have seen a broad range of jobs and opportunists).. just genuinely feel like it isn’t what I want to do
[removed]
Try 330 😎
I’m piling into NIO & clean energy tomorrow at open.
my plays for tomorrow morning: 

MARA OTM quarterlies

NIO far OTM leaps (already have monthlies)

GOEV OTM leaps 


Also selling my shares of ARKG, CLOV, OPEN, TDOC and EVOH

After this I'll be all in options, aside from 5-10k I'll have in cash to buy things when I get new ideas.
When WSB turns into r/roastme
That wasn’t on my radar. It was this, EDIT or NTLA and volume was highest on CRSP
[deleted]
Ya but what's an FD?
Except Tesla is currently worth more than the market pandering to both the haves and the have-nots.

It's always startling how Tesla fanboys don't understand how ridiculously overpriced Tesla is
What kind for ICLN?
Lmao runs off the field
Probably has some up fraction, I'm arguing put spreads now or at 1k
Well we can be sure it's the CCP's attempt at manufacturing premature or pre-defined failure for one reason or another
Plug is gonna fuck me tomorrow isn’t it
prize*pry
bro i just learned about this.
gonna pull on my dick asap
4/16 38c. Thinking of offloading FB to buy some leaps to Jan 2022.
i have 3 google wifi pods and they worked wonders for myself. Definitely increased range + connectivity.
I don't doubt that big oil is good at scams.
With my feet
What’s moves tomorrow’s
[deleted]
69 million GME shares 

68 million GME share short as of 12/15.

This article is willfully inaccurate.

TLDR: Shorts are getting sweaty and this is a hit piece

GME 🚀🚀🚀
Thanks heaps!
cause they're not making a million robotaxis by 2020
Joe saw futures were red and came through 

https://mobile.twitter.com/joebiden/status/1348430675238678528?prefetchtimestamp=1610326309135
In CLF 18c 2/19 and 20c 3/19   VALE 19c 2/19
[deleted]
Oh he likes that triple d alright
GM also teamed up with NKLA and look how that turned out.

GM is up but NKLA is down...

Seem like some questions out there on NIO.
Icln here and over r/stocks. I’m getting out tomorrow
Hardwire or gtfo

I do have a m9 deco mesh system from tp link.  Works well.  None of the kids complain
Fake pumper.  On ebay a shill bid is if you bid on something just to inflate the value but have no intention of winning.  Like if you bid on your own auction just to make it go higher.
You gotta fellate the right person
Hell yeah, this is the hype I like to see. I’m balls deep in VALE and MT.
r/NFL here
I got a warning from the bad words team for quoting the masterpiece film "Idiocracy"

"Your shit's fucked up and you talk like a ***"
[deleted]
Yeah and it's still over 100k
I saw. Very impressive. Good work. Check #3 all time
Why so far out? It will be $35 by like Tuesday.
Same idea
Red futures means green open right
I hate these "please also buy my stock so I dont lose money" posts
Yes
Positive COVID test this morning so just vibing on an edible rn...worst part is that you can't taste/smell
[removed]
[deleted]
Dude i fucking love you
Good shit. I say this because I've been holding ICLN but it has too much PLUG. I might have to rotate out of it at some point and grab a solar ETF
[removed]
I want to say that you are the same as CCP. Decades ago, CCP classified all opinions that were inconsistent with him as capitalist spies and send them to jail. What is your difference from CCP?

There are 1.4 billion people in China. Many people use NIO car. How could they become spies when they post a positive post?

I am also Chinese. Nowadays China has done a good job in many places, and everyone's living standards have improved rapidly, not everything and everyone from China is bad.
Yes. And to the right.
the internet has ruined me to the point i can only read that emoji as a butt
Feel like the corporate structure and hierarchy sequesters creativity and efficiency. Kinda what Elon said - I want less MBAs
Well I'll just keep em and then buy some June calls of MT as well.

Already have CMC and VALE on board
A lot of communists don't support the CCP.
Robinhood
The fuck kind of charts you looking at. SPY went straight up 7% in August and 11% in November. December was completely flat.
[deleted]
Relax President Xi we know Jack Ma is still alive
They do make rockets 🚀
Any chance on OPEC undercutting US and keeping prices low? I’m not sure how tariffs could come into play
Yep
Wish I had more money to buy puts back then
[removed]
That 20% only accounts for restricted shares as far as I’m aware but haven’t looked into that exact statement. I’m estimating shares held by insiders, and hedgefunds that aren’t actively trading on the market.
or neither
Y’all have any experience with “mesh routers”? My upstairs WiFi sucks dick for gaming. Thinking of grabbing some of those, can they connect directly to an Xbox?
First thing I buy with my big tendies is a nice set of formal chainmail to wear to wendies
Down at open and then 🚀🚀🚀.
Not sure the ROI on that is gonna be any good....
I'm a top shitposter here, not to brag
Broken record over here stfu
I would legitimately cry if they banned this sub
[removed]
I'm down 10% atm.
Buffalos are bulls 🚀
Only if you're trading all of them
MT gang as well.  X seems to be the US play, but it's already up so much.  CLF has some appeal.
If theta is .1 isn't it 10 cents a day?
Kind of like propane exchange. That way you always have a decent tank that's not out of date?
Shut up bird
170 here, just learned you can organize them into different lists
Take your index finger and put it on your lips, while looking up.
Is icln ticker banned?
This “how do you do fellow kids” meme fits perfectly.  https://imgur.com/gallery/KJixxqb
Hello, congrats on your gains!!

Just wondering, what app are you using?
[deleted]
I already know most of the stuff going on in china already. but yeah. things are getting very bad rn.
Limit down!!! So I can buy back my CC and resume to regular programing.
Spread was -11 and they didn’t kick the extra point. Degenerate Twitter is rioting
Wish my Trump bucks were in so I could throw some more money in. Can't wait for my Biden cash to lose even more.
I'm eyeing the 6/18 25c for VALE they're pretty cheap rn
You're not wrong
Apple Jacks
Heard that a lot last month.
Bullish on anything that runs up with stimulus. Go tendy go tendy go
Did they ban the ticker?
r/NFL here go here and never come back please
NIO 80 PT = 250 EOY. Enjoy the ride those who listened early on
What dip? I made 10% last week.
No it’s pretty accurate and will mostly likely stay so for the foreseeable future
[deleted]
How does one acquire flair in this sub
Because of that crash?
Sooooo bills won, and bears lost...and bills sound a lot like bulls
Got 20 Vale 1/22 $17C’s
Man I know so many guys who custody battles have wrecked so fuckin hard
I usually do a month out and around $5 OTM.  I've done it with IWM as well.
thought unemployment was for that
Or an updraft, am I right
$10k that clown didnt type it
If only
Nothing says "owner is a douche" like a BMW
I have 135 tickers on my watchlist.  I think I've got a problem.....
I’ve been replying to posts because I sometimes feel the need to educate.  I like you’re style more.  Thanks and fuck you.
Wut? I am with my buddy up there 👆 

Pork good
Ba down 5% tomorrow?
Nice! Im up 30% on my end of the year ARKG calls. I wanted to do CRSP originally but the open interest is sooooo low! There a reason you chose CRSP over arkg?
Your mom. Hummer. In my cybertruck. Tsla 1000c.
Hmmm...is Tesla also going to pivot from selling cars to selling...everything?
Quiet now
Lol this sub has nothing to worry about. The jokes are tongue in cheek, and it’s well moderated. Don’t get your panti... undergarments in a twist.
Was the chart green or red?
I mean ye we all know about that one. just boring tho
$BABA fucked tomorrow?
Yeah baby print itttttt
Here you go r/NFL
*yawn green my open
You get the premium whether or not the buyer exercises the call.
And my pp will cry if it opens green

🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
🚀
Holding 100 FB positions. I'm bearish a few hundreds now. PT is $300? Should I jump ship or wait until their earning which is on Jan 27?
You can’t compare it to market cap. Needs to be compared with float that’s on secondary markets. 
The $600 was on technicals. When you see the amount of selling pressure that this may bring, a short term dip
I'm an American communist
My dream car!!! I am in loooove with M5s 🤤
live in one of those pussy states huh
So do Europe and North America
That’s impressive, what’s your % gain or loss right now?
Definitely both
Futes green ?
Robinhood should send you a congratulations cake or something fun when your account balance hits $0.00
Just call their customer service line


1800-GET-FUCKED
Apple gonna surge
Bottle of wine?? That’s a simple teaser. Need at least three to get the head right.
I didn’t give you permission to post me online, how the fuck did you acquire this. I’ll get my lawyers to forcibly remove you and that image from the internet. Your days are numbered bucko.
here a sub for this garbage r/NFL
any positions on CLF or Vale? all in on MT at the moment.
If we all focus our energy it will be green by open.
The US will always be divided into two groups: the haves and the have nots. The haves will buy Teslas, the have nots will realize that it simply doesn't make economic sense to own a shitty car when you can get a ride on a rich dude's Tesla for a small fee.
S&P said it was 20% that are not available so TSLA went in to the S&P 500 at only 80% of its actual value.

TSLA is a stock that has not acted like a stock "should" over the past 12 months.

This should create some downward pressure on the stock but fuck if I know. My balls have proven not to be big enough to go against the momentum in TSLA.

I have waffled for 6 months on TSLA and have no tendies from it. Very frustrating. Should ask my wife's bf for my balls back.
Calls on big insulin
FUTURES ARE BARELY RED.

STOP BEING A PUSSY AND RELAX.
yeah it’s running away to tendie town choooo chooooo
No....It's a family! 

*vin diesel music starts playing*
New Coke vs. Coke Classic - make a shitty new thing just to drive sales to the main product
Really? Well, in that case I present you a YouTube channel named: "china uncensored", that does coverage of ccp's moves. The host calls his patrons/subscribers our own fifty cent army! Some indian media is also covering on that. But they do supress us to some extent already
Mine must be bugged, all the font is red?
Bears r so fuk
If I get a two day ban for saying bad words I guess I'll C U Next Tuesday
Take profit when green and buy the dip?
I have the same expenses every month. I don't need to track anything.
wow
1/11/21
Gold needs to go green Wtf 😟
[deleted]
I got banned because I told an admin he's a fucking douchebag for using the voice chat to communicate with his douchebag video gaming friend while they were playing. Idiot didn't understand this is a stonk market subreddit, not a video gaming one.
Ytf would China need reddit to pump a stock you really are retards
Do people know that space X and neurolink are not a part of TSLA.... I feel like 1/2 of the TSLA investors/speculators think TSLA makes rockets
Got my money in INTC puts and UVXY calls 1/29 11C. If my UVXY calls print tomorrow, I'm immediately gonna buy puts 1-2 weeks out with my gains lol
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/bl0ckburner the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Thoughts on tsla tomorrow up or down
Sonofabitch as one word? Awesome!  Thanks for using.
[deleted]
If you made trades they’re probably waiting for them to settle. Other than that I doubt they care about your 10k
He’s retiring so it’s a feel good thing I guess
I sold my MARA friday for a nice profit, made the right decision not holding through this weekend. I know it’ll probably run up, but whatever
Wow instead of getting the top called, we can now get buyden tweets 🚀🚀🚀
I don’t think it’ll quite work that way
2900 again by end of january
I get your point. I just think in the long term a lot of these companies will go under.
690
Strikes? Rolling the dice here too.
I like how the 5G tech has been ofscated into "5G GIVES U CANCER HAHA LETS LAUGH AT THE CONSPIRACY BOYS"

in the meantime they are truly prepared for the future with their mobile bandwidth tech

and they have no reason to do anything with it other than survey and manipulate and censor like always
Mods why can retards talk about stupid football but we can’t talk about digital assets. The latter is more in line with the content of this sub.
[deleted]
What about taxes
I live in New Zealand is that close enough?
Isn't honeywell at ath at $210/share? Lol
Steiner math is the perfect video to represent this sub. I say this as a lurker, who doesn’t speak the lingo.
People on this sub do understand that one of the most important things when it comes to investing or trading is not when to enter a position but when to exit it right? 

Source: graduate working as an equity research analyst focusing on the energy sector at JP Morgan’s aspiring towards becoming a portfolio manager or hedge fund manager.

Traded currencies, call options on techs, and commodities primarily in crude oil and gold ETF’s.
Yea I've never made enough to know about that one yet haha
haha solid points bud
Joe doesn't know what he believes one week to the next

Either way guessing they make weed NOT illegal and let states decide for themselves
clean 2 years.

Miss it. But then I see a youtube of someone sick and I immediately dont miss it
lol honestly feel bad for ba. They can’t catch a break
Surprised they’re not broke yet
That’s not even funny bro. I’ve seen some lives completely torn apart by that shit. Sad af
TSLA
Boomers knew how to make money
750p may the odds be ever in your favor
But is he jelqing?
When are we mooning?
[deleted]
Whoa. 
You selling or unconscious?
U sure about that
https://twitter.com/joebiden/status/1348430675238678528?s=21

“$600 is simply not enough when you have to choose between paying rent or putting food on the table.
 
We need $2,000 stimulus checks.”

New stock daddy is in town and he’s here to pump
Yep; especially if its red by less than 0.5%...  Dude, I still have PTSD from that time I woke up dreaming of serious fucking tendies and limit down in March to watch that shit skyrocket green within 30 minutes of market open... fuck that shit and fuck futures
[deleted]
Rona is way far from being over lol
None of you saying “I wish I had money I buy back in March” would have had the guts to actually do it
>To be clear, premium is not calculated. Premium is whatever anyone on the opposite side of the transaction is willing to buy or sell it for.

Is this right? I'm just wondering...

For an individual option, but if you look at the options available, these must be a model that they use for pricing.

Just like you can sell a stock at w/e price you want, but the market will have people selling it at a certain price
All of them were secretly hoping corona cases went up all summer. Why bet against the market which has historically always gone up? It’s like going to the casino but willingly choosing the game with the worst odds. Idiots
This is the way
Because GM isn't a retarded bubble like Tesla
Tnx
[deleted]
Ah so you too are a man of culture
Chicago will always be a Bulls town. And this forum will always be a Bulls forum.
Banks still are turning away from funding oil companies to push the renewable energy and climate change initiative/narrative. Means anyone finding new oil needs to float the entire project. 

You also currently have a bunch of educated professionals looking for work in other industries because oil took such a huge hit during the pandemic for employment as well as big tech no longer assisting/lending their programs and software for increased exploration.


All forces are making it expensive to find new oil while all entities are cutting back supply to increase costs
Hydrogen is a plot from DeepOil^(tm)
What about nio news?
53% of shares = over 100% of the float
 I got banned from the discord even though I had an unban pass tag. Someone help, I feel like I just got taken away from my parents by the CPS.
It’s not going to reach the same prices as street until it’s completely federally decriminalized. Companies can’t truly achieve economies of scale if they’re only bound to a number of states.

On the other hand tho, dispensaries offer a variety of verified, quality products. I get your argument for bud, but things like real carts or edibles are hard to come by, too many knockoffs and boof shit on the streets these days.
[deleted]
Commenting so I can find later 🚀
[deleted]
It is the great guh charlie brown
Steel is gone tomorrow, weekend news slingshot the entire sector into orbit. 11 million in Hebei, China in lockdown for a week. That’s China’s largest hub of steel production and the market didn’t even NEED this news for steel to take off. See you fucktards I’ll be rich by Friday on MT CLF and Vale ☝️🪨✌️🔩3💰🚀
LGVW, will be BFLY after merge. Tech to do portable ultrasounds and see the images on your smart device.
Tsla, see what happens with nio.

Or... see what happens with both in relatio... nm
[removed]
If you scroll really fast past all the words it just blurs out but you can still see the 🌈 🐻
Tldr: sell before the drop, buy more shares on the dip
If GME goes to 100 by year end, is value investing dead? All the DD from the past two years has been about insane value with good bankruptcy protection. I think there's still a ton of value investing going on, just hard to find when Jerome keeps that brrrr firing. Also with the mayhem that is EV market.
”Go fuck yourself”. Is one of the greatest phrases in the English language.  Thanks for using.
Best exposure for those who don’t have direct access to OTC is probably the $MSOs ETF who’s largest holding is Trul at about 11%. Roughly 50% of the fund are the large “Tier 1” multistate operators (the ones mentioned + a couple others) and the other 50% are smaller Tier 2 growth names and accessory plays. 

Otherwise 
OTC: TCNNF
CSE: TRUL
Lmao, they are happy not to have covid in their country.
[deleted]
This is the way
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/concerned_osu_dude the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Exciting week ahead!
Loooool. Market is all time high and people calling it a crash lmaoo
It’s ready to go up again
I tell myself that all the time.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think we have a chance.
yakuza
There’s nothing he can do anyways. Unless there’s an agreement on visitation it isn’t kidnapping.
Just guessing what they're thinking, probably infrastructure
I’ll die if the W goes up 10
This week
Well duh but it was still awesome
Gross
Smoke weed dude
Stocks only go up
[removed]
a covert pumper
In all fairness I bought when it was selling at $75 a share.... I've done okay with Microsoft
Exactly
Hummer EV is wayyyyyyyy cooler than the cyber truck. Prove me wrong. Why is GM trading at $43?
So when does PTON's bubble pop?
we wont get that until hes in office tho. the market shouldnt react off that, im expecting a red day.
🚀🚀🚀
i hate being young cause I know my future is fucked lol
Average volume 44m shares, volume last Friday 75m
On 75m - 35m shares, 47%
On 44m - 35m shares, 80%
This is the 🌊
As much as 🥭 is a meme 

I feel like he is to much of a black swan to stay in the market rn
16 hours? What is this? Part time work? Push it up to 20.
You guys know Jordan Belfort has a podcast? Just found it today
I hooked up my cousin today and got fcking SIRI as free stock. Not sure it's worth it
What we thinkin INCL will be EOD tomorrow?
Can the asshole at JP Morgie who just pumped futures please go back to bed? Thanks.
Interesting EU stock with high volatility?
Nasty catch by Graham.  Hopefully not a warning shot to bulls.
NIO is the play this week. Buy calls at open, but don’t hold forever in case it drops hard if we moon too fast
Steel gang rise up!!! 🚀🚀🚀
TSLA 1000 this week, 2000 next week
I got like 15Kmin PLUG and 10K in ICLN plus a bunch of calls on ICLN
[deleted]
Hold at least until April. If there's another Paris Green Deal talk then you can retire. You're deep green ITM anyway, unless you need money now, I'd hold.
Call them and ask, Oh wait...
It’s an etf it’s gonna chill and raise steady
True that
[deleted]
What a meaningful meaningless touchdown
Yes, but a marathon runner has a good chance of completing another marathon.
[deleted]
It isn't that hard for you to tell me each step you took to do this.
5k on Tesla at open here we go
Completely. But I manage in spite of it.
Cinnamon toast crunch, might as well expedite the diabetes
[removed]
If you add these shares and dilute the market cap you end up with probably 835$ instead of 880$... how do you get to $600 ??
It did hit different
He could've at least tried, imagine being the kid and knowing your dad didn't even try  stop you leaving
Github or ban
[removed]
Again, do I need to repeat: "Short Squeeze"?
Imma buy it anyway. 
Fuck I have a gambling problem.
I’ll NUT
permabears are literally the shittiest people on earth. prove me wrong

this is a courageous thing to say btw
[deleted]
Because we are bored and we want the market to open 🤷‍♂️
Master, please help me understand. 

So I've been using this strategy and i love it. 
I use option profit calculator to help me wrap my smooth brain around the concept, but some times I show greater returns the than calculator predicted, is this my que to exit the spread?
[deleted]
I don't blame you, there were a couple of days where it was just seesawing 15%+ right?

I can't believe it ran again after that.
Probably cause he doesn't want to
It's not, he would've told me about a situation like that
NIO DD = propaganda

GME DD = it's going to moon guys

Hmm
[removed]
They're individually brilliant and capable people

but their culture of government control and censorship and propaganda force even the individuals to break their rules

and in the mean time basically fuck everyone else involved
Someone who sells something. Actually someone who pretends to love something a crook is selling to fool you.  Just googled it for ya
Infrastructure spending goes brrrr
Uh... *kids are boring*

jk, sort of.  That's not a good reason to dip on the kid
Can smell it
Now mods have standards for DD? LMAO
$TSLA to Moon, got it!
Im pretty sure tsla ended the day green from the 5B dilution. It made no sense.
Rule of thumb when the normies are asking about investing, the smart money is leaving
[deleted]
This guy knows china
futes -.3% so slightly less fukt then friday tho
[removed]
If only I didn't buy shares and went for leaps
Yeaaa weed stocks gonna have such a baller year Apple gonna have to add a marijuana emoji
And that's your argument? So more people will use robotaxis instead of personal cars? And that's supposed to help Tesla... how? 

You're a clown my friend
Elon says hydrogen is a scam, but big oil boys are backing it. He might not be wrong but oil boys know how to make money
Interesting and good info.  Is there a magic date?
whoop whoop
Analfarmer
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’ll be frantically looking for PSTH news.
[removed]
Seriously, it all tastes like shit
Relax 🐻 we have 4 more days to make you eat shit.
Bought a shitty BMW. Should have gotten a Tesla.
[deleted]
I'm not sure how you don't comprehend that I'm speaking about way more than wsb. I guess the retards do belong here.
People actually posted positions. Now its more therapy for gambling addicts.
Buy the sell
"  He wants capital to (1) save Earth and (2) colonize Mars. "  


How the fuck you know what musk wants, despite anything he has said publicly.
Always
🌝
[deleted]
[deleted]
Remindme! 2 years
wait why am i staring at 8pm sunday futures aint mean shit
I would.
Hardo alert 🚨
Maybe if you live in Australia
[removed]
Jokes on you. I was already balls deep in NIO before the infiltration
Maybe it's his wife's bf son
It’s fucked though. No surprise based on what I’ve read though.
Biden definitely got calls
"Bold plan: avoid offensive words."

Sincerely,  
Every Human in History to Use Slang, Code, and Signals to Avoid Punishment
Yes
[deleted]
Tooo mooooooooon
Yep
Started doing EV last year after shitting on it for decades, plus they actually profit unlike pure EV carmaker companies who are all held up by stock value. But nobody have faith in traditional carmakers anymore after 08 boom
I mean doesn’t matter if it’s market or NFL bears never win
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Why world they?  Friday’s pump was based on mear speculation
the llama gif of him, using Ryan cohen's head on all the llamas, would have been better imo
I would buy 100,000,000 lottery tickets if I didn't have to pay for them. And I'm sure one would be a winner
Some people suck
Is this one of the reasons there has been talk about black listing CCP stocks on Murican markets?
what cereal pairs best with mountain dew?
Honestly a lot less gay. You didn’t have people from r/all coming every five seconds and commenting “hey guise I just bought a call option, so autistic amirite!! LMAO!!!!”
this should be pinned
Someone who try’s to get other people on board with a stock
Looks like ATH tomorrow.
Yep. Like every other day
Need some West VA code talkers.
There was a crash December. November, October, September, August and every month of the year.  How the fuck is one supposed to make money when this shit never goes up.   

TL;DR STOP SELLING!!!
Criptoe dumping it again
 A 30-year-old University of Chicago student from China named Yiran Fan got shot in Chicago. I wonder how the CCP will handle this.
I like the break down. What I would selfishly ask is this. Most of us blaze blunts daily and don’t need to be convinced. What we need is a longer rundown of all the players. What they do—-etc. similar to what you have done on these 3. From there we can band together. Right now we are 100,000 retards running in 33 directions. We need to circle the wagons with hot DD and pick 3-5 horses to ride. And yes I know you have selected your top 3 plays but there is a post every 17 min saying their horses are best. Write it ALL up MT style and get all the retards in the same room.
he will lose. courts side with the mother  ..
[deleted]
Calls on Dwight
You're right, except one makes/loses a lot more money.
Awww boo hoo. Shoulda coulda woulda.
Lol; nice try Fund Manager, I’m not selling so you can balance your cap weight of TSLA
14% increase in float.
Same
Ayum 2 retarded need TL:DR
[removed]
Man and I thought $1080 eow was pretty retarded...
But he's got a million swimmers locked and loaded for that lucky lady
[removed]
Over $35 😈
Look at at these fruity gummy bears whipping their -.3% micro-dicks out.
I’m poor, only have 10k on these 😂
Taking people out of the loop will make the whole system much more efficient.
This is the way
You sound retarded
ccp stands for "chinese communist party"
3️⃣👁 ENERGY
who gives a fuck how smart they are? get those referrals and get some free shitty stocks dude
Lmfaoo
Source?
1000 c another 20 percent helll na
Time to beat his ass lol
this guy fucks. he chartin the 1m candles

lol
Hear me out, explain them that shit in the most obtuse way posible. Show them equations! Then offer your services for 30% commission. 15% if they bring you their friends. 

Think like a bank man.
Don't post politics in the daily thread, it annoys us and we get trigger happy with the bans. Thank you, that is all.
Smart man... Anyone thinking the Chinese aren't brilliant and capable are truly clueless

and the only ones that think "why would they do that" are even worse

If you have time to answer can you explain to me how we can invest in Alibabi for example? I never quite understood how that works

I heard that there was some talk about black listing CCP stocks on the SP and WS and such
[deleted]
Someone tell Project Syndicate that the second Cold War has officially begun.
Preach
They will print;  but I would have bought further out.  Week of Inauguration Day is going to be 🩸
You are correct
Might also be right smack in the middle
I'm gonna have to watch Gleaming the Cube and Heathers now.
My FUBO calls were up 300% two days after I bought them. Diamonds hands and all that shit == my $18k gain turned into $2k loss. I’d love for it to moon. Lol.
I honestly don't know, I'm waiting to see what TSLA does tomorrow; if it's flat and premiums drop, I'm thinking of jumping into calls, if red, I might wait and see how Tuesday goes; my goal is to play SPY 0DTEs tomorrow :D
Bears lost. Sign of things to come.
the only thing you're trying to be is stupid
shill is someone who is paid to comment about the ccp. it's widely known that they do that. we call them the fifty cent army (they used to be paid 50 cents for each post)
NIO?
I do but you guys mostly just talk about stonks. I like to trade and that’s why I’m here but I like to mostly just shitpost about random stuff. I feel like I’m the only one here that does it
No way tesla keeps this bull rally next week
China realizes that 99% of us are too retarded to listen, and 1% of us are too smart to listen, right? 

I have no doubt PLTR will be all up in China's ass on some secret squirrel espionage shit soon enough. Hence ✋💎✋ and c.c. until I get assigned and can wheel it. Cause fuck the CCP, that's why. 🇺🇸🇺🇸

Edit: It's not even about money. Well, it is. But now it's about more than that!
Just direct them to the S&P500 and do nothing else
"When that goes pear shaped" = when that goes tits up.
This is the cuntiest way to say you made money
what were you thinking?
It's simple,  you buy tsla call, print , sell
Where can you trade TRUL at?
[deleted]
Imagine pulling out of the only company out of these 3 that makes money
I'm gonna take a look at SLV again. But funny money is correlated
I forgo most expenses so I can lose more on options
TY
I don't think it's stripe either, but I think that if it was, they would still have to deny it.
[deleted]
Nio. See what happens with tesla tmr
Correct
SPY flat. Means big green this week.
One of my good friends is letting his ex-fiance move away with the kid and he's not trying to fight her in courts or anything... I mean come on man, he's your son why the fuck aren't you trying to do anything about it
THCB to the 🌚🌚🌚
ICLN
I’m full tilt on TSLA shorts & hedged with some ARK Calls has been working well.  Still losing but unlike other times haven’t been taken to the cleaners.  At this price and with a record 11 day consecutive uptrend TSLA is due.  Last record was 10 days up back in April and was followed by 2 days in the red adding to just over 10% down.
Sold all my AMD at $12 after it kept trading flat
The clean mass transportation bit is why I'll keep buying CIIC/Arrival stock for the foreseeable future
2000 STIMMY YOU HEARING THIS ALGOS
🔻

🔻

🔻

🟢
No offense but that’s my fear lol
30 times leveraged in TSLA.
Take the profit. That stock has done nothing since September.
Yolo
written by someone's whos never experienced the live fast die harder lifesyle of a trader
Olestra: play “bulls catch grenades” by rage again the plebes
She was so hot
Why would you think there is any risk of the deal falling through? It's a done deal. The definitive agreement has been signed and the controlling shareholders (i.e. 50.1%) which are Blackstone, CVC, and the management team will approve the merger.
[What about all the permits that were just approved?](https://apnews.com/article/a917f51126fa2641e0713573424b2b11)
Msft hasn’t done anything for like 6 months
Damn anyone read some of the post those people make about us? How the fuck can we not hate them holy shit.
Do what to my where now?
🚀 🌙
Gonna print this week
Yes papa。
 [**u/Houston\_swimmer**](https://www.reddit.com/user/Houston_swimmer/) **can't swim**
just dont tell em about options
[removed]
Then it proceeds to hit 1000
It was half denial and then half like satanic death wishing certain tickers to die... DIS.. WWE, Live Nation, SPY come to mind
they could just be a communist
I am from Wuhan and local villagers say someone had 69 with a pangolin and took pango jizz in face and that is how covid started.
Score one for the good guys!
If UVXY hits 20+ tomorrow, I'm gonna nut
u/camwang what were his positions?
YNAB
Banned him on a hunch. Lol pathetic.
US has actually been amazing at safety last 10 years. Maybe best 10 year stretch ever. Hope it continues.
How's them futes looking, fam?
Ameritrade
Ngl what the fuck is a shill
The 17k or the Patron?
[Weekly dispensing amount for state of Florida week of Jan 8](https://imgur.com/gallery/bC7thqd)

Can dig here: https://knowthefactsmmj.com/about/weekly-updates/
You sound manic. I'm intrigued
Liar! I know you know!
That’s what I’m betting on...TSLA $1000C 1/15...🚀🚀🚀🚀towards $2000C May 2021🚀🚀🚀🚀
I like that seconded
Nah keep ARKF if you’re going long long.  Fin tech is still an up and comer.
https://mobile.twitter.com/DiabloStocks/status/1348420821837033475?s=20
MU
I have given my kids a dollar each to go to bed before
SHTR
Box spreads man - It can’t go tits up
It’s cause the market went up.

If the riots had brought TSLA down 10% this place would have been a swingers party with laxatives mixed in the molly.
GME 🚀🚀🚀🛸🛸🛸
Bear're
No it’s the same for both. You just press buttons with on your game while sitting on the toilet
[removed]
I have 10k to invest. As I pulled out from MSFT. NIO or tsla? Or both? Or just hold...
I have no idea. Good for my short position though
Brush your teeth.
🐻got destroyed, market green tmmr
Biden just tweeted we need that $2k stimulus now!!!! Short term calls, puts on my kids financial future.
Ok you forced my hand
What’s NIO at in Sri Lanka?
Damn that hurts lol
This is WSB you clown. This is for gambling and good luck using rationality in this market. 

BAN
Suggestions for next time?
That isn't "giv[ing] your money to Elon"
Tiananmen Square Massacre
YNAB ftw
1000C instead?
Just as autistic but less astroturfed
Yes
Sir, you can make your way to r/investing now
In a bull market, chase momentum. Despite what you may think, you're not out thinking the market, you're just following it. The hard part is realizing when the music stops and to pull out in time. Anyone that's traded in a bubble knows that sooner or later, buying the dip stops working.
Thanks man. Solid bro move.
[deleted]
Nice try Xitler
Could sell my 1/15 AMZN 3250c at open for a small profit but I will bag hold it until it is negative
Thanks! First long option aka gamble I've played in a time 😎
They go to a different school.
I’m not a poor so there’s no need
>This inflationary event will have many political implications... 

That's putting it mildly.
Tesla 1k call January 15th boys
[deleted]
Now I have family asking me about Robinhood. Not sure what to do. I doubt they're smart enough to even figure out the sign up process
GINAAAAAA!
[deleted]
Yay you called one thing right, congrats retard..
might also be your last tho
Trying to inform you delusionals on current events autist
YNAB
I use four Sportsbooks on the weekend and use any profit I make to buy weeklies on Monday . This won’t catch up with me ever right? Seems foolproof
Sounds more like Elon’s ambition to dominate Chinese market every possible way. 

TSLA 1000+ EOW
I just knock mine out with 100 dollar bills
JNUG
Is it true that it's socially acceptable for married guys to see prostitutes all the time?
Hopefully better than Indonesian ones
Sell off profit taking ?
More virus cases 
Bond yield? Idk
Bull r fuk
I expected a cement oil drum tbh
The degenerate fucks at Robinhood still have not honored my asset transfer to TD Ameritrade. How long does this usually take?
[removed]
My wallet
What makes you think China will pump EV? Based on what?

60C 1/15. Expecting $70 hopefully by Monday
430ish shares at an average cost of 15 dollars. Shields and spears up, brothers, we hold the line
alexa play infant annihilator
what position are you holding?
What do you know
Personal capital is great
They had me at "NIO" on the top left....
Haha what a rumor funny! Glorious CCP would never lurk forum. Now, has anyone hear from Mr Jack Ma? If so, DM us I mean me right away! Monetary reward is offered for location.
Any data to support that? CC: u/rgrAi
🚀🌕duh
So which calls did he say I should buy for 140 something percent chance of winning?
🌈 🐻
r/nfl
That’s not a rationale
ATM CSPs
Gold you say? 👀
Open by green
Remember Tesla’s cybertruck
No he is peak WSB. You have all the money then you do something and lose all the money. He’s just come full circle
ok Xi
This. Because the annual meeting is in June. The agenda is set \~60-90 days prior. If a shareholder vote is called, they need time to announce, vote, and tally.
Here look at this top is tesla bottom is qcom https://imgur.com/gallery/lLghePu
Nothing yet, I went from long to short on Friday. Could see a run up to $1k but it’s not worth the risk of the inevitable decline. (Short term drop)
I forgot to say "your mom does."
whaa??? i dropped 5k into GME and made $10 in like 30 seconds. extrapolating that i should be rich in a few days.
Yes and its going to SOAR
Please go to r/NFL with this garbage
Great tool - have been looking for something like this for a while now.
roflmfao what a complete noob you must be 23 years old or something to be so delusional
[deleted]
What are you talking about
Drill Team Six, going dark
Yea. A shill for Cathie's vagina
Did anyone see the news on Friday??

https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2021/01/08/2155486/0/en/Blink-Charging-Announces-Pricing-of-its-Public-Offering-of-Common-Stock-for-Gross-Proceeds-of-221-4-million.html

They are trying to raise $225million dollars at 41/share. This is almost outright fraud is it not.

They only have like 19m on the balance sheet in cash they lose $2m a year. How is this even possible?
He should be when it’s biggest competitor shows a car that is better in every way possible.
[deleted]
"  I can no longer stay on this ride with you all " 

&#x200B;

I call bs, you were probably never on the ride
What was WSB like a few years ago
touché
I get it
China spy. Ban
for real fuck, fuck off back to r/investing with that shit. The new M5's are one of the best cars ever made
[deleted]
Thank you
This guy gets it
momentum or sometimes momentum money
why? we were just talking about our first gay experiences
How do you guys think airlines will perform in 2021?
I trade it digitally
Im gonna need something more exciting
Please go to r/NFL with this bullshit
Lot to unpack here
credit card statement
I'm holding UCO and USO

OPEC cut production 
Banks aren't funding new explorations
Alot of oil companies are still below profitability
Industry massively shrank
Over all supply is being cut
EV market isn't replacing vehicles at a fast enough rate to offset current demands

TLDR: Supply go down, cost to find new oil go up and harder means price go up. Even Cathie Woods highlighted this happening in her recent podcast 

I expect oil to trade atleast $70 a barrel and push to over $100 so the existing companies and countries can exit strategy to fund new investments
Florida man lives there and this guy ∆
Canopy Growth is a good long term play too. Since NJ legalized, they’re buying up a lot of land in NJ for the purpose of growing. They’ll probably have the biggest foothold here
[removed]
Spy futures sitting right at the 50 sma on a 1 min chart
[deleted]
$BEET
Oh boi
1/15 22.5c thoughts? Seems like a potential 5 bagger
Call them to bed then. Stop being a 🌈🐻
Explain how the Germans have a 400hp 2 liter 4 cylinder motor and no one else has anything remotely close.
Ban this CCP shill.
[removed]
saved.
Hydrate and get a good night’s rest. Tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life.
Green by open
Bigdickretard69 has an enormous penis, the best penis
They are cheap for a reason no body with a brain expects Tesla to drop for reference Fund managers are STILL buying the stock has immense buy pressure with little float.
Cleaning my wife’s boyfriends car to buy more SLV GLD calls
Ligma
Don't, maybe you have one good day this week but TSLA is hitting 1000 by EOW unless the market as a whole collapses which is unlikely with inauguration and extra stimulus coming; we're looking at a good chunk of bullish territory for the next couple weeks

Edit: I don't actually believe this but if some fucking time traveller told me that we hit 1600 by the first week of February, I wouldn't be surprised; these TSLA bulls are getting so eager and the FOMO is too real with Papa Musk becoming the richest in the world.
Sounds like a regular Chinese person
Became the worlds most powerful country under the Trump Administration.
Thank you! I'll definitely check this out asap!
[deleted]
[deleted]
No cool factor Bro.  Hitler designed the first one.  seriously uncool. Look it up. Having said that I’ll be the first one to jump on the VW bus if the stock starts behaving like TSLA.
Don’t buy then and save us the regret of getting calls on friday 😂
I only have RIOT shares so I’m gonna see what the deal is pm.  I was hoping it was gonna be over 30 pm so i could set a stop and let it roll but I’ll see.  Didn’t want to sell until it was over 30 but def don’t wanna hold the bags too long.
Excel
Momentum.
Finally some substance.
If you ever read their shareholders agreement when they first IPOd, they said they'll never split their stocks. 

Hoping they do though. They need a 1/15 split at least
Stock symbol? And why
The term I have coined for Manchin is 

Semi-crat
Where
Mint
>I prce in SpaceX in Tesla

Do you also price in eye-contact as sex when you see a girl on the street?

You are peak retard
Hush hush
I’m on the same boat! Gotta celebrate those gains
I don't
53% of shares outstanding, 100+% of float
Purely because you’re a shill
[removed]
How much money did you lose? It’s the only reason you’re making this post. You stupid bear 🐻 Did your butt get hurt after saying all the tendies rain upon us? Go fuck yourself and stop putting fear into people.

1500c 1/15
That should be his flair.
My brain
[removed]
[deleted]
The thing is. Like ok everyone gets it. Nothing is made in the US, there are less and less jobs. Jobs are moving overseas. The government has to print money to keep up with the publics demand for medicare and social security and other programs. 

Whats the solution though? Stop printing money and cut spending and raise taxes to 50%? Good luck with that.

Its basically free market at work. Cheaper labor overseas means people abroad are gonna get hired more. Same with housing and stocks. Lower interest rates push the prices up.

The good news is the new green deal. We shall see how it goes. The only thing government can do at this point is create jobs, tax that and hope for the best. If that doesnt work, guess we will have to wait to see where this goes, I guess for a few decades until we see some sort of equilibrium of price between hiring american workers and hiring overseas workers. The labor arbitrage is just too profitable to pass up for US corps at the moment.
Norwegian cruise lines entered the chat.
I was original clang gang but I don't like the GLD outflows into funny money
[deleted]
[deleted]
Putting kids to bed is so annoying
My gut
Right we can’t talk about virtual coinage but yea spam me your fantasy picks
Europe says night night to you filthy Americans. I’m going to dream of my NIO tendies. It feels like the night before Christmas. 🚀
🤡
[deleted]
You give me life
Link
Rocket to 40 EOW.
it's not recovering. We're fucked
tequila snobbery is particularly annoying
Niiice
Flair upgrade soon?
Get it my guy. Treat yourself.
I’m doing three jobs at work with an absolutely insane steel market (don’t worry got plenty of calls in a while ago) and having to work 70 hours a week. I decided to do dry January to support my girlfriend and have no stress relief, but thank fuck I have options to both stress me out and make me think about my job with crazy steel prices. MT to the fucking moon 🚀🚀🚀
I wonder if this would offset the emissions from my deleted Cummins
Königreich Romkerhall market futures are blood red.
Ok. What is the math for that?
Hank Johnson 2024
Boutta watch it tn then
TL DR
🌈🐻
Depends what interests you. ARKK is the most broad. I hold all of them.
G or K
[deleted]
JESUS CHRIST, MY COKE!!?!
looked at the news, nothing about china, so basically..means nothing. we go up.
Need to buy a long leash for my dog. What is the one that Chicago Bears have on Mitch Trubisky?
[removed]
How do you know?
What's the rumor
aka model 2 designers
Never
And when’s Tesla’s new battery coming?
I swear to God this sub is so fucking retarded.

If yall reckon China gives a single fuck about some retards on WSB that they have to try and "infiltrate" a subreddit with their agents to convince perhaps 20 of you on here to put in a significant investment just for NIO to moon you need to power off ur PC and go back to filming ur wife getting dicked down by Tyrone because that would be a task appropriate for your intelligence. 

Get the fuck over yourselves rofl, a shill is a shill but don't get ur panties in a bunch. I will be dipping my hand in NIO Monday purely because I have confidence in their product
Ok, so is that 🥭’s last BTFD? A parting gift of sorts?

Or is it, “can be without a president during a war” stable genius plan?
This IS and HAS BEEN an issue on reddit for at least 2-3 years now

I applaud you for having the balls to make a post about it

usually even a comment nets you a shadow ban from all the Murican kids that think Trump created the idea of freedom of speech and everyone is a hero for locking up.. except the essential workers keeping their power and internet on  


and I was just in here the other day thinking... man I know "m. manipulation is technically illegal butttttt"
[deleted]
We can't see the future buddy
[removed]
tweet elon. once he's on it? 3 months maybe, 6 months definitely.
aka model 2 designers
He didn't add the ticker because the post would have been auto removed
It’s not valued more than every other car company, it has a larger market cap - because of tesla’s use of equity funding to pay down debt. Big big difference.
And then tmrw it proceeds to dump
Because Hyundai isn’t on the NYSE
$34C 7/16

Dis bitch goin to moooooon
BEET is just getting ready for the impeachment news cycle 📈
Again, what are you raving on about
Soooooo many 🧂y 🐂’s hahaha. It’s ok this 🐌 who sold you calls will eat well 🥩😋
Tesla $1000 EOW 🚀
Too many bullish NIO people now, it’ll be a “sell the news” event  when markets open 🙁
hmmm interesting..
I'm examining further options to 100x my portfolio. Doesn't mean it will happen.
The world is unraveling and the stock market is entirely disconnected. you'd better be on this runaway train, it's got no brakes
Sold half my contracts on Friday for AAPL.


Tim Cock is gonna raise my other contracts to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
When you sell 😈
Lol yeah the richest man in the world is scared. 🤡🤡🤡
I laughed at that part as well
I have $75 calls for EOW
I'd argue with you if "not a big common stock" meant something to anyone.
I can’t read
Why is BIDU gapping up again tomorrow?

Yes answers only. No answers and you're blocked
They honestly just stole my notes smh
u/bigdickretard69 actually has a tiny penis
SWBI
Ban this twat
Nah
[deleted]
[removed]
I would love a transfer to the US honestly, hoping I can do that with my company. You guys seem to run steady and pay well. 

I don’t work rigs or anything though so I have some decent job stability. Covid really hit hard though.
I’m confused, these numbers seem pretty solid
Big tech literally about to moonshot and take SPY to 400 minimum. But blue wave will come along.
TSLA 800 1/15 puts look pretty cheap, but I have learned my lesson and I don’t short Tesla anymore...
It would have to be a cash covered put.  Can’t use shares to cover a put.  So you would need $5K for step 2.  BUT,  you collect $3k in premium so your only out $2k for a while

Also risk getting exercised early, so that’s kinda a risk but you end up with 100 shares, so... 🤷🏻‍♂️
I am doubtful such an event would happen. So what if NIO gets a few billion of capital pumped into it. The moment something like that happens whether direction from the company or CCP, such an action would reverbate to the entire investing community and you would see all chinese stocks fall as well full stop on any future investment to the Chinese market. I don't think the CCP or the company would try to sly their way around investors because the consequences would be much greater than the benefits.
Just a reminder that Bears traded a boatload of draft picks just to move up 1 spot to take Mitch Trubisky when Patrick Mahomes and Deshaun Watson were available.

Also a reminder Bears have been fucked since last March.
They don’t have a grasp of subject-verb agreement or sentence structure so hopefully users here can tell the difference
Hasn't it rebounded a lot
To the 💩🪙 miner crowd (Mara, riot, Ebon).. what are your plans for tomorrow?
Burry's losses are probably astronomical.
I’m in arkk, but I sold a cc on it and almost certainly gonna lose them eom lol
A lot of that $834B are shares that are held by funds/Elon and not actively traded on the markets. $30B vs average daily volume is a better indicator
So you’re saying buy MSTR?
their cult is making me loads of money, don't fight it just enjoy the ride
Bears literally getting slaughtered on live TV right now and people think tomorrow will be red.
LOOOL I wish, if I learned it in 33 days, would've saved me a ton of pain :(
I find it sad that people actually believe this 

Take Uber and Lyft's valuation, add it to the next 9 major automotive manufacturers, and they're collectively still worth less than Tesla.
Taxes disappear when you buy a car right???
Hardly, it literally broke ATH recently but rejected.
A lot of $ROPE talk
FURK

CHYNUR
PSTH over 33 tomorrow? Need to know before I buy this signed Kamara jersey
I think it's because the 3 stocks mentioned are OTC. 

I would kindly ask the mods to evaluate the post on its own merit with appreciation for the fact that the core suggestion is to look at $MSOS (NYSE), and to further recognize that although those companies are forced to be OTC due to regulatory constrains they actually have market caps and operations more consistent with companies on the larger exchanges.
The range is 840-880 right now

It swings to 820 or below abandon ship mate

And buy the dip later
Happy for you to gloat at me if I am, I would deserve it.

I said it would go down, think it'll be back by end of the week.

No skin in the game, I wouldn't ever own a social media stock / don't fuck with puts.
Close take profits and come back Thursday during joes speech
Way way before like 5 years ago
Add more G.
Silly 🐻 s. 
Gap down at open means BTFD
One of the top posts there atm: [https://www.reddit.com/r/GenZedong/comments/kuk1p1/yes/](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenZedong/comments/kuk1p1/yes/)
At least get a decent tequila 🤢
Steiner math was the best promo ever
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-tesla-china/exclusive-tesla-hunts-for-design-chief-to-create-cars-for-china-sources-idUSKBN29F0NN
[deleted]
[removed]
Arkk and ARKG.  Emphasis on the G
Just post in here
> Boomers have nothing to worry about

Except for getting their grand lives halted dramatically by a little itty bitty virus. Imagine winning a lottery and having to watch your back for assassins at every corner until you croak. Lil nephew sneezes on you and youre d e d
Congrats man!
Lemonade 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Nio's CEO just said they have clear plans to enter European markets THIS YEAR!
Shit bought QS calls at 55 and sold at 70 before it Ran to 130 😂😂😂
I'll take your Chinese money. Get it converted to calls
Hi unbannable I'm dad
Whats dollar tree protein powder like?
elon scared

https://twitter.com/deitaone/status/1348393470579388428?s=21
Short mara if xxx below 35k
you can. Just look for the daily thread back in March
A delicious Portuguese Merlot. Fiver from Lidl 👍🏼
We are trying to be prepared here
Has anyone seen that Disney movie soul? There’s a bit about a “lost soul” who’s basically got no meaning in life.
He’s a hedge fund manager. Actually made me laugh how they showed him looking at charts all day
[deleted]
Guys my stalker is back from doing stuff. She took pics for me and we are gonna sext
This is gonna be one of those +4% days for SPY
How would something that expires on Friday be a leap?
Yes and no because this incentivizes short selling prior to this happening
FYI-That data is public universities only.
He was murdered.  It's just beating a dead horse at this point.
[deleted]
yes that is the exact same contract as op, to the moon!
What’s ICLN gonna do
Cap
New Chinese terrorism group was declared in America
Bears do *too* fuck bitches!

Yall just never met 'em cause they trade on the Canadian index
我要红包
There was a fucking ton of denial, people wiped out left and right thinking several circuit breakers couldn't possibly happen. Blew my shit up and liquidated at the bottom just like my main man buffet.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Futures are up? PLTR 📉
Futures are down? PLTR 📉

*fellow PLTR bagholder*
Instructions unclear, remote stuck in urethra
Buy the dip retard
This is the way
I had a 1000c 1/15 I got for $70 Thursday and sold Friday for $600, depends what you bought it for
Right?  Just venmo me next time.
trust in steel
Trumpet here. Bought 11 puts last week, family liquidated big tech stocks Friday. 2000 TWTR, 400 FB. Drop in a bucket..but there are millions like us. Are you ready to be proven wrong?
The crying is worse
I’m thinking down to 850 is likely and then probably rally end of week but fuck I wish I sold Friday.
Lets go $70 calls 1/15/21
Tsla is a known quantity now. Apple is unknown so more room for speculation.
kinda sus
Behave my fine feathered friends, CCP lurking about and trying to adopt our language for their disguise. No foul language on this side of the internet
Made 17k last week, just bought the biggest bottle of Patron I could find
Lol bears, futures are only red so more people can get in, don’t you get it?
What happened with china
What makes you say that? I’m looking at UCO
Go to r/NFL
Im willing to bet tsla bulls would invest millions in a lemonade stand started by one of musk’s son. fcking zealots
Well I'm not, I'm very aware of what ccp is doing and it is very serious. What does shill mean?
🙏🏼
When are you buying?
Y’all know we’ll be green by open right
Which ARK tickers should I start averaging into for shares?
It gets a little... *blue.*
Are you retarded?
dont fearmonger, nowhere does it say nuking or even slap on the wrist.
GME
What are these 4
If tomorrow is red...what’s the rationale then?
TRIAL BY COMBAT
What I don't understand is why WSB turns shit companies into meme stocks. Why not just make memes out of companies with good fundamentals? Same rocket potential but without the mind numbing vomit.
[deleted]
Bro it looks like you have a glitch.
OHHH NOOOO is this my future????

Holding 870p, and 860/870 call credit spreads.
Musk splits every time before it ever hits 2k to take advantage of FOMO retail investors, this is infinite money glitch.
Change the alert settings on your phone
[deleted]
[removed]
$5b vs $31b. $5b caused a short term drop each time. That’s all I’m calling for as well but a much larger one.
Nah, when your self driving car runs as a robotaxi and generates extra tendies for both you and Elon, the revenue from the sale of the cars itself is going to be chump change
So you’re saying there is more litquidity for me to make into tendies?

You sonofabitch I’m in!
BFT
Same bro
Yes
Justice for Jack Ma. RIP
ok will do
[deleted]
I'm balls deep in 109.21c 4/19 plz be right
Its all about the tip boy$
This is the kind of DD you only get at a highly educated university.
[deleted]
Guess Ackman was lying about buying a stable cashflow positive company then
You no not what your what fucking type. 

Hurricanes rarely hit Florida. I doubt some of you dumb motherfuckers don't realize Florida went without a landfall from 2005-2017. Which leads to point 2 fuckers.

They put the space industry in Florida cuz da canes don't hit and being a lowly Space Force employee I know the biz is growing. 

So we got jobs and no hurricanes. Proving your point useless.
Jokes on you - haven’t had a haircut in 9 months
[removed]
lol just wait until he remembers he has to pay taxes then sells the whip to cover
Yeah what a great idea fucking over the people who make 18 an hour working a shitty warehouse job with very strict rules and performance metrics.
[deleted]
Back to trade talks after stim talks dont do the trick anymore?
🚀🚀
lmao
THIS
Soon, comrade
Ok? But calls then
Like every time
does a gay bear shit his pants?
SLV, SNAP
These things happen.  I'll ride a stock up and dump it.  Long as I'm making $$$ that's really all that matters.
It fux with your bladder ph levels allowing bad bacteria to flourish. Can be good but not all the time
You’re an artist
[removed]
They keep diluting my favorite scalp ticker 😑
$tt anyone?
kc gonna shit on them
3 years in a southern tier 1 and I’m seeing more and more nio.  But it’s like 1:100 compared with Tesla.
If you think the market is going down you should shove a remote up your fucking ass
100% gain past year.  If you don’t need the money, I’d hold.

Edit:  forgot this is a casino, dump and roll to Tesla
Really wish I wasn't holding baba calls that expire this Friday
A derivative
🤑🚀🌕🚀🤑
Or NIO, or TSLA, or anyone. Let’s keep the pumping and plumping
[deleted]
Come to Houston. Oil/gas jobs are everywhere. That being said, we need to move further away from fossil fuels.
That's unironically priced in
Dumpster behind Wendy's fucked
You are forgetting how many multi-millionaires there are. That’s the reason why in main city’s that are HCOL area nobody blinks at a 5mill house where they are selling like hot cakes. 

Looking at homes like that and saying a group of people live there and can’t afford it doesn’t make your life any better lol.
Absolutely
800p jan 22
I hope they do and I don't even have any.
Nah, when your self driving car runs as a robotaxi and generates extra tendies for both you and Elon, the revenue from the sale of the cars itself is going to be chump change.
It's not legit they're ignoring you bud...
well your issue is listening to that wacko rudy...
[removed]
Biden was never for weed legalization anyway, only decriminalization
Jack Ma Cock
I will buy you a pizza
Blue Wave stonks resuming moon mission tomorrow. Rotation out of big tech into clean tech. Clean energy stonks will happily take big techs life force. Weed can come too.
blows teslas miles away
I didnt believe it at first
Thinking about just buying SQ instead.
No Subway??
           WSB BEAR DESTROYER APP 5.0

UPVOTES - Destroy Bears

DOWNVOTES - Toss Bears Crumbs
This is the wrong sub to have a conscious. We’d pump private prison tickers if they produced tendies.
Taiwan
Lmao as a professional engineer I can tell you your school experience is nothing like industry
Think so
My man
Gosh I wish I could’ve seen the chats in here last march
Monday slump? More like Monday pump!!!
Remember what happened when Cathie said Q is lagging? It boomed. Don’t never sell ark
This sub has made me laugh more than Dave Chapelle ever did.
[removed]
ICLN’s holdings, PLUG and ENPH, soared over 600% and 400% respectively over 2020. Why not invest directly into them
Love the scene with Brad Pitt wearing the N95 mask heading down the escalator in NYC. Reminds me of me back in March making bank on puts.
GME’s first moon. My 1/15 contracts were printing to around $2,000 in profit one it was near $22. Now I just plan on selling during the run up for earnings. Maybe buy more shares after the dip tuesday or have that money to YOLO into something else promising for gains.
>I don't know who to believe anymore!



Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahaha you're joking right? You actually believe Rudy?
You got this bears, go you! Anyway see you at green open
Jenkem
Only stupid Republicans think twitter is going down🤣🤣🤣
[removed]
it's not gonna cross 1000bn - it's such a meme figure that many will sell directly before it hits that as they also expect a downturn
[deleted]
Right now for GME, there is the following open interest across all strikes and expirations:

Calls : 359,359 = \~35.9 million shares worth

Puts: 412,242 = \~ 41.2 million shares worth.

This is not off a stock twits picture, you can check this by going to Think or Swim desktop app, Charts, product dept.  Set stikes to all and lower charts to show open interest and you can see what the total is.

I don't think OP is incorrect in this being a long drawn out battle but I think RC being here speeds that up.  As to what extend he can off the shorts I don't know but I am here to see what he can do - annual meeting supposedly in July and he has to file with the company 120 days prior to that for any business.
i lol'd. thx
I wouldn’t listen to a guy who was literally melting before our eyes on live television, it’s a little sus
5
This bubble has to burst eventually 😂
Oh damn, count me in!
[removed]
This was like '07
As a Romanian, I'm in awe of that username. Calls on this guy
Help me do the math of 834 billion current value and the 30 billion open shares. Is it 3 percent?
Gotta keep in mind that minimum wage is shit anyway
Thank god. Its too crowded
Keep. Fin tech gonna boom
red futures = green day cause buy the dip
green futures = possible red day cause sell for profit but then we buy the dip so it goes green

stonks only go up📈📈📈🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Hgen. U heard it here first.
TSM and AAPL
Good thing NIO doesn’t give a shit about futures
What are you raving about
U.S. SAYS EXAMINING FURTHER OPTIONS TO RESPOND TO CHINA. 

What the fuck happened ?
What if they go down?
Give me your number
Will my 900c 1/15 print 🥺👉👈
Got Bloomberg app today and they really like to spam notification huh
Hello vanilla skies
If it breaks down 840 

Idk man it doesn’t bounce we r fuk
 PSTH Quiznos confirmatory
Shut up nerd
Drink a lot of water so you wake up to make sure it's still going...old Indian (feather not dot) trick my grandpa tought me
I’m seeing AAPL news, but knowing my luck my calls won’t budge.
This is exactly what i am saying. Our intelligence is too limited to grasp the workings of the universe. The best way is to control the controllable and be blissful.
Skeptics aka 🌈🐻. Just can't catch a break...
Who?  Have you ever even been on this sub before today?  I can't trust the geography of someone who considers New Zealand a western country.  

I love investing in these Chinese pumps.  I don't care if I'm taking USD or yuan or whatever monopoly money they use there.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [about time                  ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dzy3dfsUoCc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dzy3dfsUoCc)⠀►►⠀ 1:52 / 2:49 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Even if we’re somehow slightly red tomorrow...

teslaPTupgrade.exe
thinking i’m gonna sell half my shares and buy back in at lower price
Double or triple down
good for you bud, nice timing
Bullish af ready to by another 100 shares monday morning!!!
Can we get a bull icon for the upvote and bears for downvotes?
Lnfaooii
puts on BA
Alexa play About Time by Taydex, Fat Tony and Rekstizzy
That’s what I’m doing, there’s speculation that’s it’ll be 25-35, if you like the way the company looks then you could even hold past then. Idk, not your financial advisor

Buy the rumor sell the news
Fuck that I’ve been making 6 figures a year since 19 in oil and gas and jobs are hard to come by and hard to keep now. Ruining my fucking livelihood. Need a balance.

Making good money on ICLN tho.
Should I keep my ARKF shares or sell at open?  I own W, Q, and G.   F is 🥱. What’s the play?
[removed]
Stella’s like a basic b
Hoping my chwy calls play out ;-;
1 Cohen appearance will literally fuck over everyone's covered call lmao.
Goev otms march monthlys 🚀🚀🚀
Find a job where traveling is expected and see the world (or your own backyard) at your companies expense. Then go off on your own when you can afford it.
Lol
I was listening to Rudy's talk show Friday and he said that Antifa infiltrated the protest and that "MAGA hero" police officers saved the day. I don't know who to believe anymore!
I understand that parlaying 3 heavily favored teams on the line doesn't pay out amazingly.  If he did the spread it would.
Futures are down, what does this mean for PLTR?
Holding 25 x $45 1/21/21 calls  these will PRINT
Nah lol they will dump their money into ev weed and clean energy like everyone else lol
VALE gang more like
how we thinking about STPK or MARA tomorrow
by the end of...2022
I'm an engineer that's been making six figures for the past 13 years and I hate my life. The best my lifes ever been was when I worked in retail while in college. Sometimes I think about quitting my job and applying to work in retail.
ill take your word for that. 1 AM or BAN
Look im not trying to fear monger but all bubbles went vertical before they collapsed, I cant predict the future and I might be overreacting, but there is a scary coralation
[removed]
Watching the pain Olympics just to feel something while the market is closed..
[removed]
White House examining further options to respond to China. It's over boys, limit down tonight.
I would drink a gallon of pee if it stays green all week.
Poor bears looks like we won’t be able to break 380...
That’s bold. I’ve sort of got toilet paper hands so it would take all my strength to hold to that but I would theoretically make $3,000 if that happened
“Wow imagine thinking futures matter lmao”

-Halizones, one hour ago 

🤡🤡🤡
can you host this bad boi on a server? you can put some google ads, I'm sure many of us autists would love to be able to go on it everyday! thanks brother
All I heard was 🌈🐻
Priced in
Large stim will pass. While those senators are moderate, negotiations can happen. The worse our economy is, the more likely they pass.
[removed]
[deleted]
Literally. Every. Sunday. 

It’s the same during lunch. 😂
pleas fly again

For some stupid ass reason I decided it was a smart idea to hold like $10K in weeklies the weekend after civil war breaks out....

Stonks only go up though, so green by open 🤞
Cab? Merlot? Pinot?
I just kinda use the weekend to relax
Has your friend ever sucked dick before?
He says after 33 days into trading.
Wait until they have nothing to bitch about but their own kind in a couple months - then the snake eats its own tail.
As always, bear r fukt
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Warren G - Regulate ft. Nate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1plPyJdXKIY) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1plPyJdXKIY)⠀►►⠀ 2:40 / 4:00 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Cia sponsoring autists now.
I thought an all Dem Congress + Biden would mean weed would be legalized, but it seems to me Joe Manchin is actually a half Republican so I'm not so sure anymore. Kinda was hoping for a massive APHA and TLRY squeeze like in 2017-2018 but we'll see.
[deleted]
Goals
What does “FD’s” stand for again?  How about that little rainbow bear emoji?  All of this is highly offensive to someone and eventually will be censored if we continue down our path....
What's the benefit of this? I assume some tax reason?
What happens is we try to make sense of our future based upon our present and discount the changes brought in by the consequences of our actions that are yet to happen. So you can not really look into the future. Focus on your preset and take charge of your actions. It’s as simple as that. An apple tree will only bear an apple , it may be late to bloom but if it’s growing it will definitely bear an apple.
Yeah but take into account inflation... 

TLDR: No idea, just thought I'd say something retarded
By 2030, I don't expect a single car company other than TSLA to be selling cars in the US.
Because it’s been 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
agreed
💗❤️
Just checking in here. 

What’s the mood my lovely degenerates?

I’m seeing some red futures...
Alexa play regulators
Democrats vote for hank Johnson
[deleted]
if you hate the weekend you are wasting it
That’s hilarious, X gang!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Maybe if you didn’t have that yeye ass haircut you’d get tendies for once
R/all has been aids for a few years now. I only autistic subs like this one.
If TSLA opens down close call positions or hold. Mostly 15jan21 850C and 900C
Holding since $136
When will we actually be able to cryo people close to death then resuscitate them later with cures
this football talk in here is annoying, go to a different subreddit
Bears only get to dance during off hours, never when it actually counts
with a rocket to a grave
What part about parlay did you not overstand?
People would understand you, if you use the right terms.  You didn't buy, you sold.  Shorting a stock begins with borrowing the shares in order to sell them.  When you close the short position, you buy the stock back and return the borrowed shares (so you stop paying interest on the borrowed shares).
They are taking it.  It was slowly happening.  Now it’s happening a lot faster.  Still its a huge market to penetrate.
I’ve got a ton on margin but Fidelity’s margin rate blows especially compared to 2.5% on Robinhood
[deleted]
I did sell myself... sell myself into selling these bags.

Babies back in ETF and oil futures

Only holding maybe 3 companies outside etfs as single stocks
Got a source on this? I read a few sites and none say what you're saying.  Example:   
  
>The “unqualified covered call” refers to a special rule stating that under some conditions, a stock will be taxed at short-term rates if a call is opened too deep in the money. If you own stock and write a deep ITM call, the count to the one-year holding period for long-term gains rates is tolled.  
  
"Avoid a Nasty Tax Surprise" https://www.moneyshow.com/articles/optionsidea-30625/  
  
You don't seem to distinguish between OTM calls and deep ITM calls in what you're saying
but isn't that also the price range of them honda and toyotas?
Could you survive without the group? Going to go ahead and assume that’s a hard no. Environment
Guys, I want you all to know what I'm doing for you (and myself) tonight:

Every time time market starts looking week and I buy puts, I watch The Big Short all excited like I'm actually gonna make money, then the market turns around and rips my face off.  I just started the movie now so we will for sure be Green this week.

you're welcome...
PLTR is going to be higher than it is now by the end of Friday. Mark my words!
Nahh you good. Compared to college  this is a cheap lesson.
They’ll find out when taxes come around 😅
That’s why we in this sub lol
I heard engineers turn gay coz they’re in classes full of dudes that don’t wear deodorant so they get accustomed to the pheromones
You're like someone from WSB thinking they're driving the market.
Zerohedge
[removed]
Do collars.  Get some like 800P for 6 months to a year out, sell some calls against it at like 1200C a few months out. 
Protects your downside and you can still make money on the shares up to $1200
What kind 👀
Fact? How do you check
Heard that.   Best of luck 🤙
Fuck you man, I already blew my acc 4 times. I owe my neighbors money basically from L1 Unit 101 - 199, L2 201 - 299. I even owe kids money. Fuck this post, fuck you too man
I got 850p
621 miles that’s crazy.
Put a fire guard in front of the fire in case anything falls off
Sounds good. Best of luck! Hope they print
I'll just buy more shares if Tesla drops but I won't sell uwu
r/aznidentity is falsely crying racism: [https://www.reddit.com/r/aznidentity/comments/kulh7y/wsb\_in\_a\_frenzy\_of\_yellow\_peril\_providing\_a/](https://www.reddit.com/r/aznidentity/comments/kulh7y/wsb_in_a_frenzy_of_yellow_peril_providing_a/)

That's how you know there's major wumao energy afoot; using CRT tactics and SocJus language to cast any criticism of the CCP as racism.
Bro engineers get to travel and work all over you dumb ass.. Literally construction nomads go all over the place and engineers get treated the best. Trust me you crying fagguette you wouldn't last a day doing the actual work you're better off flashing your degree at people and telling them why it's mathematically supposed to work on paper. such a kid
I was worried for a second that you weren’t a true wallstreetbetter
Pretty fucked
Huh...
Everyone is very negative on here tonight. I for one however have had the better part of a full bottle of wine, and are looking forward to the most beautiful of green weeks 🧐📈
DRAINAGEEEEE
Should exit on Wed or Thu the lastest to avoid sell off Fridays.
You are correct
Ban you
So true as I’ve looked back on the small years I’ve been here I’ve gotten almost anything I really really wanted. The universe freaking scary for real...
A raging fire in your living room, nah your good /s
😃😃😃
The way to do it is to sell the merger news right? Sell before the merger happens generally in the short-term?
Whenever the fuck they drop that DA, I expect at least 25
Multi million dollar homes ain’t shit either. Not many ppl are in the market for them, so it sits for years waiting for the right buyer. Then, when selling, might be for a significant loss. 🤢
[removed]
So keep riding weeklies for tendies, cash out in March and then use 2+ months of profits to pump like fuck when it dips.
[deleted]
$SE
4/16 $19 6/18 $25
So ALL-IN when the bubble crashes? Then start a family so my kid becomes a millionaire when hes 10?
TSLA 🚀🚀🚀
Stocks bigly moony tomorrowly uply
Your local drug dealer.   🤷‍♂️
Yeah but your grandpa probably did it before we put warning labels on everything
as long as GILF cathy wood is alive, there's no singularity, don't worry
🐻🧘🏻‍♂️🐻
A Lada.
post merger its going to be like $35
NIO to the moon
🐻🐻🐻
[removed]
UVXY 20+ would be SO sexy.
[deleted]
I do agree that that's a big problem.
Dawg USA is not Japan, just enjoy the ride for now. We got two years of free money and basically 0 interest. What’s the catalyst for a huge crash like last March
Theres 70m of me you gay
[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1eu-uHbKGwcRZOiS-NInkA](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1eu-uHbKGwcRZOiS-NInkA) Check it out if you have time. high quality content baby
AMD is completely undervalued.  I own $10k in shares.

I also build high end gaming computers.  I have somehow found a 5950x and its fucking great!  All of my friends and I migrated to AMD from Intel.  AMD is making waves.
It's Walmart, Man.
they're trading all the futures, obviously
Lmao what I’m already sterile homie
Kuh-new.
You’d roll the MSOS out to janury 2022? I still got 9 calls but they expire March 19
Important lesson I've learned: Trading stocks and monthly options are about where stocks will go and out thinking the market; trading weeklies are about following trends and your gut
Moon mission
Damn it tech. Prioritize making our calls print over social responsibility.
Everyone else is too busy with 🚀🚀 emojis
I just watched the video of the starship flight test and it blew my fuxking mind
It never occurs to you that someone who once succeeded at doing one thing could fail the next time.
There will be blood (not really only a little at the end)
If you have THCB then you’re holding until of after the merger is finalized.
Every Sunday "blood red!!!" 

Down .2%
Every ICE vehicle you see is a potential EV.  The leader of the pack is TSLA.  Its the ultimate mobile device.  A computer on wheels.  It can be updated over the air like you’re iPhone. Is it overpriced? Maybe, but ride the wave.  Who cares what I or anyone has to say.  Proof is in the profits.  Not Tesla’s but mine.
Russell 2000
Pretty normal with a stock that was a dollar. That can never happen again
Money making aside, I’m glad to know we’re going to have an administration that’s going to come in and make green energy/renewables a priority. Great for the earth. 

Oh, and, ICLN to the moon 🚀🚀
😂😂 so in your opinion, the market will never have a red day ever? Just admit, you’re down 80% all time
The CEO tweeted 3 weeks ago that he will try to get up earlier and drink less. This will moon.
For real. Where the fuck you at Mods!
Buy oil futures.

Cost of oil set to boom.
[removed]
Got that too. This one on the beach
Sounds amazing
Hyundai owns Boston Dynamic. I expect to be driving a Gundam that takes pictures for me.
For what it’s worth I have a shit load of experience if you choose to move to your own solution and be happy to volunteer to help if the time ever comes.
Depends on the head
Anyone know a 3x leveraged bear Twitter ticker?
An absolute no-brainer
What about people who bought these mansions in cash with their TSLA gains? 😂😂😂
I’m with you brother 🐻❗️😈
You cant find a house cheaper than a million in vancouver.  A million could get you a townhouse
you just have confirmation bias.
No positions. No rockets. Didn't read.
Nah Schwab but yea lesson learned lost out on $300 just in that day that
Buy UVXY calls
Mooning is more of a short term characteristic IMO  and if you zoom in close enough it’s even more moonish
I suppose it's branding and selection and derived products, not to mention many of these companies have a core in Medical Cannabis. 

Check out the sales numbers in Florida and Illinois -- the demand is there in my opinion
I really didn’t start playing the market until I was 30 😝
So no one else knows about this ?
No just be sure to add enough wood for the night
Never
Almost better than twitter at this point
Is THCB gonna get above $17 or nah
BAN
I agree, but thanking the mods is where I draw the line.
>yeah, the sub that basically worships Lisa Su is somehow racist against Asians now

These are not mutually exclusive things. Not saying this sub's racist or xenophobic, but "they're one of the good ones" is a thing bigots will say about people who belong to a group they're bigoted against, and is often a defense of against claims of them being bigots, a la the "I have a black friend" argument. Hitler, for example, helped two Jewish physicians escape, but you'd be hard pressed to say Hitler didn't hate Jewish people based on his rhetoric and other actions.
Just shoot it straight to my veins
Alright you sob, I’m in
Yes
That little fucker went to r/aznidentity and falsely cried racism: [https://www.reddit.com/r/aznidentity/comments/kulh7y/wsb\_in\_a\_frenzy\_of\_yellow\_peril\_providing\_a/](https://www.reddit.com/r/aznidentity/comments/kulh7y/wsb_in_a_frenzy_of_yellow_peril_providing_a/)

That's how you know he's a wumao; using CRT tactics to cast any criticism of the CCP as racism.
Lemon party?
Goated show
Where do you guys think they are getting the 53% short position figure from, if some of you on here are reporting over 100% short as of last week.

This seems like a big discrepancy?
Lol bruh u straight retarded, for real
That doesn't sound like it would pay that much, all heavily favored teams
Don’t judge guys but before I clicked I thought it’s a scene from porn , and I was not convinced it wasn’t until a few good seconds afterwards
Century + 29 years*
Centuries when u add the other companies dealing with 400 years of history.
Thanks for the confirmation
Bro you gotta tell queen cathie

ARK will for sure take you as their first IPO
Yes
stop the count!
Honestly FCEL has the potential to become the pets.com of the EV Generation.  They have been in business for years and years have nothing to show for themselves is riding clean energy pump might continue to go up a bit more but it’s gonna end back where it began under $1
What’s IWM
CHINA SCAM
I looked at tsla options and it asked me
TSLA is building gigafactories everywhere and actively pumping cars out *as fast as it can*. Apple might produce cars one day. There's a big difference 😂
Go to sleep bears. We are just gonna get insulted all night when there's some form of bounce or dip buying. Not worth staying up.
Same
I like that perspective.. honestly been feeling like I’ve been fighting against “life’s path” for a few years now..
No don’t
Is it bad/dangerous to leave the fireplace on all night unattended? I turned heat off and just using that.
Dude, there’s nothing that will be more consistent. Add Apple in there, and you’ll have a portfolio that’s guaranteed money over the course of 2-6 months.
Oh no not a modest monday slump
Sell yourself
I will let you touch me in the pants. You are a fair and glorious admin.
GME is going to rip tomorrow 🚀🚀
people should look into other green energy stocks before they loose the train, i mean companies, like gamesa, vestas, hydrogen industry, electric car manufacturers, solar manufacturers, the potential is great not that the EU will start serious funding.
future contracts
Bro did we just become best friends?
We are barely red lol
Goddamn PSTH just announce subway already
MT is steel for the cybertruck, both companies riding the tesla hype.
[deleted]
Which is why I went on to say the second part. And also a million dollar home ain’t shit these days
They obviously read the post here this morning
[deleted]
Na ROEWE are everywhere
Ironically I’m looking for the opposite any news of vaccine data dumps and vaccine news in the horizon 😂
I think Cohen read uber's post and then posted the twitter meme.

He said in a past interview that you have to block out the noise when you are investing in companies against the advice of financial advisors e.g. investing all his money in apple then, and now gamestop. And investing feels like a rollercoaster and you have to have conviction and be committed.

Think that he's telling people to filter out the noise and have conviction in what you invested in. This is gamestop for me. I'm not selling because of a "possible 5% drop" when there can still be upside.

tl;dr filter out the noise, it's a rollercoaster but I like to think there is a subtle hint in the message that people may not have picked up
U love to see it 🌈🌈🐻💴
If I had a roommate looking like Hot Topic Jabba the Hutt, I'd fuck a car too
Go home 🐻 you’re drunk
He hates tendies.
Selling NIO and PLTR
yea i mean see how the pre market and 9:30 go. maybe it goes down for longer than that. I don’t have work tomorrow so i’ll be glued to the computer screen lmao. Don’t risk more than your willing to lose
Put the pill in liquid and wait
Who also bet bills buccs and saints moneyline parlay 🤑
[deleted]
Bro what if they made the whole car crab themed. Like just a fast ass giant electric crab. I would buy that.
everywhere else blames their problems on others.  We blame our problems on our own 'tism.
Link it baby.
Some people do prefer renting and having done both, I can see the argument for renting long term. There’s pros and cons to both bro. Houses are a pain in the ass, anytime something breaks it’s on you to fix it and pay for repairs, you are lighting money on fire to property taxes and mortgage interest so the argument against rent is kind of moot, and the whole bUiLdInG equItY argument is retarded - houses are not a good investment, likely to underperform the market, and very illiquid with high transaction costs. Only buy a house if you really want one, never because you think it’s a good financial decision. Ask any wealthy person and they will confirm this
SPWR
Apple is great at being late to the party and still winning. Look at Apple Watch for example.
What’s he gna drive on Mars?
Good bot
HYLN to the moon!
More time for more catalysts and more of a run up!
🤡
FYI...  CA and NY are experiencing a mass exodus over the past couple years, and it’s accelerating.
[deleted]
Steelers to Super Bowl mark my words
PSTH coinbaze confirmed
Vale is a double play on EV's and Steel
Chugging some more brews till bedtime until I get to wake up to my favorite 5 days
It's almost too poorly done for me to think it's fake - like, if it was really fake wouldn't they have atleast tried to make themselves seem legit by posting elsewhere first, building up legitimacy and what not.
I can’t handle it when I want to chat with someone and they are busy even if with legit things. I need constant attention 🥺
Oh maybe it's dead?
Both
u/cashflow_ the kinda guy to give himself a rusty trombone
TLRY puts
CBS but I seen the sfx
Too much time left to give you an answer now. However, it’s all up to your comfort level.
I don’t want to worry anyone, but IWM futures are red. This is really bad.
He didn't say he's driving a Tesla to mars...
Just venmo me your account if you don't want to make money
Positions on NIO?
yeah it's all white kids who think "the economy is meaningless", but as soon as they earn their 1st paycheck they'll change their minds
[removed]
Tops in
Realistically we all have a paper trading account. What is money but valuable paper...
too late, train left
I have absolutely no idea what I'm supposed to do on weekends. I can't afford thick Taiwanese hookers yet...what am I supposed to be doing with this time
Nio has favorable news going for it. Tesla is fomo up the wazoo
SoFi solid af imo, wish I was paying attention to this sooner, might get in at some point
I was wondering say if I move to China or Malaysia, and become a foreign/none US citizen , and keep buying stocks or options with my Webull account , how would I pay tax ... or maybe IRS don’t charge taxes for foreigners who profit from US stocks? Or they’ll preemptively deducted a percentage of the gain from my account? Wondering if you know the answer since you live in China.
its on Nick? Why
ARKG 120 EOW
Probs not tomorrow, TSLA likely gonna stay flat (maybe up 1or 2% but with these premiums, it might as well be flat)
Brace!!! Heads down!!! Brace!!!
YES!! just enabled it. Im going to lose so much money
[deleted]
LT cap gains is 15%.....
Crab walks
Nah, not everyone. I’ve seen million dollar homes on auction sites being foreclosed and sold for cheap due to job loss, divorce, deaths, etc.
Everyone in the video shakes their head at some point. 

Possible explainations:

A. due to disbelief on what is being said 

B. to settle consumed information and make more space in the little brain
Kinda hairy?
You'll realize when your calls don't fill and RH fucks you on your limit sells. Welcome to the jungle.
No futures trading is for tinfoil hatters
Dopamine is a hell of a drug
First the two stocks I was looking at are cisco and Qualcomm so they where legit, and its also not just 2000, the japan asset bubble went vertical before it burst so did the us housing bubble in 08
Technical Analysis: the Horoscope, but for guys.

Also, AAPL has an income stream to match its valuation, unlike pretty much any other technology corp.
Ban
Jack Ma Off
FAANG reporting
Behind af, not rolling out a car til 2024. NIO and Tesla gonna be at Jupiter by then
I want something different than the common PSTH, NIO, TSLA, ICLN shilling
Buy Tesla or you will go sterile.
Bold of you to assume people here either paper trade or otherwise hold themselves back.
I think tmr
Fucking hell they pulled the market along last week with unstoppable green dildos. It was fucking ameripoors that kept it at this level. Now you call them europoors. You deserve to get dumped on.
Are you watching it on Nickelodeon
 PLTR looks like it’s setting up similar to TSLA in September. Nice bull Pennant on daily. Might be a good time to grab some shares
Cos of batteries?
yay hindsight retards, keep hind sighting your trades retards, keep losing
They wont when they financially support half the Democrats in congress
definitely didn't do that lol
🐻 finally eating tmrw we kinda skinny
I'm in soon, seeing it mentioned more and more.

Just freeing up some $$
Lol they’re both amazing cars.

It’s just Lambo makes a statement.  “I’m not like the other guys.”
Is it true Melvin is paying you 🌈🐻’s in ‘Melvin butt cheese sandwiches’ to talk shit on GameStop?
Puts on Twitter or FB
Hurricanes and no jobs.
They are trading the future man. Crazy shit.
Idk bro if you are on rh at like 3 they’ve never auto sold for me
Tsla 420p
Such a popular point of view around here lol but seriously that shit is jacked up
There*
SAINTS OP BABY LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ⚜⚜⚜🚀🚀🚀
With like 4 companies right now, there is no bear meal. Only losses. It’s fucking ridiculous, but fuck it. Money will be made. Probably a once in a lifetime market.
[deleted]
😻
Serious question. Why spend a million dollars on a condo in what looks to be Florida? Can't you get some amazing mansions with private space for that much there?
Switch to a real broker.
[deleted]
Going to get a convenience check from my credit card for 12,500. Which calls would I buy?
🚨S’mo Joe!🚨
Not even a little bit lol.
There's an unofficial Telegram group that's easy to find if you look for it.
The waste problem might not be a problem in the future. Articles have been popping up past few years about using nuclear waste to power the reactor itself even tho the tech isn’t there if could be amazing for human advancement in energy creation
Go to r/investing
Bingo!
Will have to check that out. Wife gets it real bad and takes meds for it.
Fraggle rock?
[deleted]
 today on the world menu: russia airstrikes on turkish backed militant sites and oil tankers in syria..  U.S tanks and convoys along with coalition enter syria through iraq
Not even the I8.... its 2021, EVs buddy boy
Let's go BEARS! And I ain't talking about football.
[deleted]
So, we're not pumping NIO on Monday? I was gonna drop a couple thousand on short calls.
It’s already broken out my dude
[deleted]
MODS
lmao wtf? I think it was "investing"?
[deleted]
🐂🥩 will be tasty this week
no car til 2024 ? yeh good luck with that
There's generally a market crash every 10 years, so work for a decade, quit your job when it crashes and put all your savings into the stock market, you should be a multi millionaire 6 months later
Hmm when to go all in NIO leaps
If Elon gets us to Mars you will own shares in a new country.
For background (for others): SBVCF is a Subversive Capital Acquisition Corp who's claim to fame is being the largest cannabis SPAC in history. 

What's cool about them is that they are working on consolidating the California market (the Cannabis jewel of the world) by bringing together well known companies like Caliva and Left Coast Ventures. Secondly, they have substantial celebrity and cultural backing (JAY Z is Chief Visionary Officer, and Roc Nation is involved). The third advantage is they have tons of cash (I believe close to $500 million making them one of the most capitalized US operators). 

I don't know enough to comment on their prospects but they might be a cool opportunity. I don't think they are included in the $MSOS holdings, which I would really like because it helps cushion against any downturns. Furthermore, they will be fighting in the most competitive market in the US. Could be great or could be an uphill battle (imo).
MODS
As Bobby Axelrod would say, it’s time to cut my losers. Should have done it weeks ago.
To be fair both sides are idiots
[removed]
MT, VALE, STLD, CLF, NUE 
Steel 🙌
🚀
If red gives you head, but green makes you a teen, what would u take
Hopefully we break resistance! 🚀🚀🚀
I bought some last week at the dip and up at 10 percent. Probably pull out mid week once I feel good about the gains.
I get that bro i really do, and its your call, i was just giving you some feedback to help cater to the mentally challenged such as myself if you wanted. Regardless, this video was fantastic lol
Lmaoo when?
Does anyone here trade futures?
Idk, they just asked randomly
#Bears in shambles

🟥 futures means 🟩 open
#MODS
Yeah, smoothbrains don't get it. Big papi flat out said he's working 100 hours a week to realize this dream.
Good for you bro and agreed
No rocket emojis.
genius
Just watched a commercial for Lincoln Corsair.

Probably means bullish for CRSR
I expect that now Q4 date has been confirmed, we are in the run up for ER
Chances are they can probably afford it which is why your not living there. And again even if they can’t, they still living better
spikes to 65, starts dropping by 11
Bears are fucked. 

No really they're down 3-21 with a few minutes left in the 4th. 

They're fucked.
They’re not even real
You are the absolute best. Yes. You are speaking the truth. OP has already won.So OP needs to stop thinking about the what if, hop off, take that 100k he originally invested and try to replicate with something else. Use the rest to retire. That is winning right? That’s what everyone hopes for?
They work so hard to be so wrong
these are rookie numbers
yeah except all those companies were all hype with no real product nor viable path to profitability  
I mean TSLA could definitely crash but its not a good comparison
Short Term has to be but it seems like the talks of stimulus always calms all those fears
[deleted]
You're the retard for buying OTM weekly puts
I’m interested in seeing how Apple car news is going to affect NIO
[deleted]
1/15 though?  Cheap pussy
People in HERE claiming to buy leaps 9/10 times sell that shit within a week. 

Play 2-4 weeks.
correct
Yes then sell end of monday and rebuy at dip
Only 53% short? That would mean over half the positions have already closed
Hahah, me
Too bearish in the chat i leaving til futures green and bears are forced to hibernate
I dont know why conservatives live in California? Why not just move to Florida? They got beaches and shit too
Can’t disagree
how do you get them to do that?
Not rumor anymore. It’s officially getting signed into contract by March. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/tech/comments/kui4oy/hyundai_and_apple_will_reportedly_sign_an/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Good to know I'll be on it market open
Are futures drilling?
literally weekends are about spending tendies

i dunno why yall hate it so much
Good to know.  So I’m looking for a quick in/out. But weekly puts 9:30am.  Sell 10:30am.  Correct?
The point at which AI becomes smarter than humans and starts to constantly improve itself to essentially become the perfect being.
Canoo bag holder here 😑
A helicopter will visit your home and guys will kick down your door and u will hear a bang and be blinded followed by being bagged and moved
Twitter got downgraded last week by someone because of the loss of user engagement
can only go tits up. PLTR to the fucking moon!
Facebook earnings play?
Oh man a sequel would be so worth a sizable dip on lord Elon’s money train
I just got it too. Must be a new feature I’m sure they’re putting out fires on the backend for not disclosing stuff.
Just remember Jun 4th when sp500 crushed for 2.5% and Nio fired up with 10%
Gogo Nio
Speaking sense to me. Chain mail = steel. 33.3% steel bump incoming
You r gey
Because I had puts made a good return, went in more then it shot up and am still holding now down a good amount..... so more or less hope
Can TSLA and AAPL merge already? I want a 5 trillion marketcap
In this day and age I'm surprised you need to ask. TSLA
Then just do DD and then do the inverse of whatever you come to. You can’t lose
My bad....STPK
Where's that one faggle who told me he had inside information that ZM would be 450 last week? Show yourself retard?
55 ;)
DICK
I felt the sell off Friday was an overreaction and an playing the rebound
Just got it as well, they’re offering it sporadically it seems
I only do /new
They would have also invested in $TRUMP if they could.
Yeah I got no idea
[deleted]
if you got that degree from a US institution, i regret to inform you that you know nothing about engineering yet. you’ll learn it on the job though so no worries.
The message is be modest. No need to kill yourself financially and physically to impress people you won’t see decades later
[deleted]
bruh this is not autistic enough.
Drill team 6 back from golf trip
Buy puts then
[removed]
Hlp
Red futures = fake and gay
Green futures = bers r fuk

So either way bears are fucked
Higher COVID numbers, higher deaths, less stimulus checks go out, less inflation, lower equities.

More COVID = bearish
ICLN. Better and consistent growth/movement with an ETF, and with new infrastructure, you’ll see massive growth by the time they see college. Apple will grow, but not as much.
Actually did that for a while.. took a year off and moved to actually and just did volunteering work while traveling around the country and loved it. Parents and family convinced me to come back and finish my degree..
PLTR +30 by end of month. Your welcome.
Dad died? I guess I have extra tendies from his will for this play too
Robinhood just enabled same day expiry options for me, but they close out automatically at 3pm EST. Kind of bullshit of you ask me, you buy a 0DTE and can’t even let it ride through power hour? That’s when you get the money shot baby
Don't bet against meme stocks.  They don't follow natural laws.
To close to home ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ
Thank you I am a meth major TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bears dead.
Oh Stock Gods, bless us with your rockets 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
JP Morgan Healthcare Conference is this upcoming week. Biden speaks on the same day Aphria presents. So, I'm really hoping for some form of statement from Biden about marijuana and a strong performance from Aphria. Considering everyone is stuck at home and not smoking less weed. Lol
it's when you trade your good boy points to momo (mommy) for tendies
73
📉📉📉
Good TA
I don’t own any gme bruh
CRWD
Personally think the current price action is going to lead to another split. The timing is close from the last in August but it’s not unprecedented. 

With that said I think a price surge to 1k well before ER is in store and I think the decision for a split has already been made weeks ago.
vale is for battery ingredients, dont know what mt is
What’s ur positions
I'm looking for some get rich quick stocks for next week. Any suggestions ???????
I tried posting a DD about GTBIF and it got removed cause its an OTC stock. I like the top3 you posted and GTBIF is great because its already profitable and growing at a rapid pace. Both CURLF and GTBIF have presence in NY for medical purposes and they are well positioned to take advantage of the recreational legislation.
That ICLN gap up baby.
They’re*
Why calls on CAT?
Century*
LMAO
Major events fuck TA. Technically, it also fucks fundamentals. If they come out with good news, I think it could start the rocket boosters early.
dank je
420p
millenials who? bruh we all gen z or younger. remember why the markets dipped on sep 1st?
Anyone else not understand how futures work. Like wtf are they trading?
I have 377p as a hedge
NIO 65 or 70 tomorrow
You aren't bragging, you're whining
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/HeyULost the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If Elon gets us to Mars and ensures the future of humanity doesn’t that make TSLA just basically an infinite money cheatcode? We are essentially investing on the bottom of a future intergalactic company. Yes, I’m high.
i said fuck that shit and now im living the wsb life
Bears also swear they have a pulse on the market
Not at all if they go up
The title literally says CCP. Chinese Communist Party. Their government.
i cannot wait for GME to announce they are merging with TSLA
Have you seen what happens to this stock post dilution?
[deleted]
what the fucking bullshit propaganda cnn channel is, can't see a difference from north korean or russian tv, just everything is in english
I don't know who needs to hear this but,

"It ain't what you don't know that gets you in trouble, it's what you know for sure that just aint so"
Hyundai will move out of the Sun Belt conference till a real exchange
10T market cap
Include ticker in your post
You could make $1800 a week selling calls that are 25% OTM
See, all that makes sense, and puts will probably print, but buying puts makes me a 🌈🐻and for that reason I’m out
True look what they did to Colorado. Bicyclists amok when I visited
[deleted]
So its better to just pay rent for the rest of your life? lol..
underrated comment
right on the eve of ICR
[deleted]
Live a comfortable life and put most of your salary into weekly calls in literally anything for a year. Then retire.

You're welcome, I don't even take fees.
Hard to tell when it's not yet in sight
[deleted]
Thank you for making this thread, anon.
It’s kinda sweet ngl, pro sports need to take themselves less serious in general
To be fair, half of the comments on here are rocketshit emojis, repeating the phrase of the person they are commenting on, and using inappropriate language. 

The memes are great though.
Humor me for a second, maybe the Dems do policy based on public need and not vendettas.
I started trading with the WSBs paper trading competition but when do we start using real money? I think I’m ready 🤑🤑
I know, right?  He might be a CCP shill, but I still think NIO is going up and there's money to be made there.
GME in partnership with Melvin Capital
Are 1/15s still considered leaps
[removed]
Nice I might be able to buy one right out of high school
The Nvdia Nio deal speaks to the ceo of nvidia being a godly deal maker. He’s been instrumental in putting nvidia in the front line for next gen chip making and processing power and this gives confirmation bias to the bulls. With nvidia being mostly flat for 2 or so months and constantly beating estimates it continues the bull thesis about the company. It’s not huge alone but it’s the next step in the great plan. Like extra gigafactory is for Tesla
[deleted]
This
glad im not the only one who immediately thought of this
Because?
I have 250k active redditors in my database already. We know exactly who's active and could get in touch easy.
Low key happening already 😔
Meme or 🚀🚀🚀
u/cashflow the kinda guy to talk about himself in the third person on a Reddit sub.
Potential Tesla AI day this year and a 25k sedan coming 2022. Very brave
Do it.  Nows the time.  Otherwise you’ll be stuck in a cubicle for 20 years and wake up one morning and hang yourself
With the apple car rumors I think money is going to come out of tesla and go into apple.
Hide in an unmarked basement for 7 years and then you are all good
dankeschon
Can't be bag holding if his cost basis is lower than the current price
Singularity?
FCEL
Goodbye MT on RH 😭
Never be jealous of people who live in million dollar mansions with a mortgage. Those payments and interest rates are so high, it’s crazy. Send them condolences🤮
Wall street bets own website . The Cumtown guys did it successfully
Huge shortage of raw materials - steel demand rebounding from COVID - infrastructure deal from Biden will send steel stocks to the fucking moon
[deleted]
No, baba like the baby noise
Why not take a year out to travel once you graduate and get it out of your system? Then get your engineering job after
[removed]
The game restarts if you didn’t save at the last checkpoint.
I mean you can pivot your engineering degree and go into just about anything else math/logic based. Make some money in finance, have some solid investments, and gtfo in a few years
Not a lot of PLTR talk. Maybe it's time......
Got a good amount of calls expiring on Friday. Been eating up posts with that good ol confirmation bias 😋
Old Article from last year. We got mommy Yellen + daddy pow, why do bears still exist? 

“Yellen says the Fed doesn't need to buy equities now, but Congress should reconsider allowing it”

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/04/06/yellen-says-the-fed-doesnt-need-to-buy-equities-now-but-congress-should-reconsider-allowing-it.html
Do you think we know the answer to this or something?

Do whatever the fuck you want?
[I’m a snake 🐍 ](https://youtu.be/Ti4sqG85FU4)

Let’ssssss gooooo ssssssss&p
Nah
Serious question for you guys. 

Do you think there is any amount of increased covid transition rate / death rate that would cause the markets to drop?

Or are we gonna just keep increasing because of J POW’s printer and shitty bond yields no matter what?
You get it all back
We can't let bad takes, shitty companies, and unrealistic expectations cloud our judgement on buying stocks.
Red at night bears no delight (I’m a bear)
If you look at any stock from the dot com bubble you will notice that in the final stage of the bubble the stock went vertical, thats exactly what tesla is doing now i think we could see the bursting of the bubble next week
How is Denverdude98 wrong?  Elon is the biggest stock owner and gets bonuses if the stock goes up.  Selling low and then being forced to buy high, as will happen here, will cause the stock to go up.
I'm not sure I just like beer.
Fantastic. 

“Cocaine fueled” 😆
[deleted]
What happened to NIO?
Generally agree, but if an announcement come out Tuesday he would always regret selling  on Monday. Would need to evaluate where it opens and price action of the day. Ideally can sell and buy back on a dip or buy less contracts further out.
Buy leaps on AAPL. As close to a guarantee as you'll get.
Bioshock
[deleted]
It would’ve easily been worth areound 20-30k now
Remember, TA is based on current activity and trends. It does not take into account major events. If the conference tomorrow is big news, the jump could happen sooner. Good luck
Slave away for a couple years and go travel
Lambo good bmw bad, Tesla good too
Why not both??
Every day now. Tastes smoother too imo
Impossible
TSM is a bang-able 7 that you bring home. Won’t surprise you but the sex is good and keeps you coming back for more. I’m balls deep in TSM and loving it.

NIO right now is a 9 or possible 10. She has some crazy eyes but the sex with her is wild and she’s hot af. Could take off condom mid pump and fuck you over night if you’re not careful.

PLUG is the solid 8 that looks like she’ll check off all the right boxes. Her old man Buyden likes her a lot so she’ll run wild for a bit longer.
I’ve got shares that I’ll hold for years but I’m done getting fucked by them on my options.
Is sir-jacks-off-a-lot still bag holding Corsair ?
sorry bro, that relationship won't last. one day you will blow up like a volcano from bottling all the resentment and anger lol
I’m not an engineer I just study it lol
Practically free money, can’t go tits up
Robinhood just asked of I want to be enabled to trade on expiration.

Of course, but why is it now asking me. Is it new?
I sold like 12 calls for plug at $19
[deleted]
So you just momentum trade off TA 2-3 times a day for a living?
Do the things you hate until you don’t have to is how that goes

Not an engineer but currently working in a high income job that I hate but it is what it is
It’s no Tesla🥱🥱
Slave away for 5-10 years and make some good options moves and FIRE then travel like a nomad
what happens thursday?
It IS a short squeeze and the long-term prospects are very, very bad. GameStop will be bankrupt and defunct by the end of 2022. The future of video games is in the digital space - digital downloads, Gamepass, game streaming. 

GameStop will go the way of Blockbuster and die a horrible death.
Imagine if Florida went Rec or was forced into it through federal legislation.  Trul’s 70 stores and giant green house would crush it!
This hits closer than you can ever know
Tesla puts. Free money, Can’t go tits up. \S
When Elon decides to ascend to Olympus and leave us is when I’ll do it
I was degenerate from day one
Impassible
Wow calling me out in front of all these people..
Turns out he was a ccp shill. Rip Nio bois
Why is everyone buying vale/mt
Stop the sell! Get those futures back up
easily
If alvin kamara was a stock it be tesla
[deleted]
In addition to PLTR, this would be a fitting thread for someone to pump $MP
Why
[removed]
You reap what you sow. You own this.
futures are red, bears r fuked
[deleted]
Guys if I lose everything + margin then delete the Robinhood app, what happens ? Asking for a friend
I hope Apple doesn’t create their own proprietary charger for it. The electric car market already has 2 competing chargers. The one for Tesla and the one every other electric car uses.
SHHH! I don't want those Cali fucks coming here.
Dude stop bragging so hard about being an engineer damn
Not trying to be a philosophizer but when we say “TSLA will moon” what price makes you say “this is the moon?”

$700?
$800?
$1000?

If there isn’t an actual price we could all agree on I’m worried I’ll waste my life chasing something that may never be realized.  Like did autists think AMZN @ $2k was the moon? Discuss.
This would be a fitting thread for someone to pump $MP
RemindMe! 21 hours
Theres not a better trip in the world
keep buying gme, you're gonna be a millionaire.
u/cashflow_ the kinda guy to have his stalker ghost him
TSLA gonna 7x again, AT LEAST, i have numbers to back it up too 😤 but you can’t see em’ cause you’ll plagiarize me
TSLA
After edit, Tesla shares.
Bears getting slimed rn
ah. then i assume i’ll be getting it tomorrow 9:30am
ARK has been buying the last couple weeks according to their emails they send out, a fuckton too. Bought a bunch of April calls last week.
PLUG running this week as well.🔌🚀🔌🚀
If this happens, I'll flip over your boss' desk and fuck him right then and there.
Picked up some 380p on Friday
It won't matter, it's theater because all the MM's are planning around Biden. They'll just let the market do it's thing
Bought TSM leaps last week - feels good
Like biblical Rapture or Bioshock Rapture?
I'm vibing with the unintentional ambiguity of my previous comment
Don't fight the fed
True thats when the US premarket opens.
You could average the shares over a period of time say buy 10 this week 10 next week etc etc or just buy all in if you like the price
I feel like i should ask my mom upstairs if i'm allowed to open this file. By the way.... what's there to track on YOLOs??? All or nothing, right?
No matter what ideology you adhere to, you can't deny that Trump was Twitter's biggest cash cow.

They would have lost him anyway, but they decided to go out guns blazing and not only lose Trump, but pretty much anyone right of center, and even centrists as they delete their app in protest of censorship.

It was a huge blunder, potentially costing them tens of billions of dollars.  Considering they are already unprofitable, and this will only lead more users to leave and more advertisers to leave, I can't in good faith endorse anyone to buy shares of them.

Twitter will eventually go to zero.  They opened pandoras box and they will soon learn that only 20-30% of this country practices the politics they endorse.  They refuse to accommodate anyone else in favor of their own bias, and that will be the end of them.

Short TWTR to zero.  They will go bankrupt within 5 years.
Bro, we’re stealing water from other states and we still can’t get enough
Yeah, all of these Chinese companies that have lied to investors like Theranos, Wirecard, and Lending Club.
PLUG
Got in from that deleted DD.

Fingers crossed, was gonna be cash gang with that money anyway.

Warrants and Stock.
Premiums are calculated actually. Ever heard of Black-Scholes model? When you make a trade, 80% of the time the opposite end is a computer with such model in their program optimized based on Greeks to trade. Its willingness to pay/not-pay the ask price is all based on premium calculation.
December 1st-3rd i fell from $35k fown to $17k got the pdt. Lost money down to $11k by the start of this week. Happily back up to $31k and can continue to day trade again
incest?
Blood green tomorrow
Great comeback. Keep pumping your dd
i mean, sports betting is a real thing
Ik this is gonna sound fucjing retarded to most of you and I’m not trying to be braggy or some shit but I hate being good at math and science.. I’m in the final stages of an engineering degree right now and am “excelling” on paper but i hate the lifestyle and don’t want to be an engineer.. but the security and pay is hard to give up.. plus it’s hard to give up something you’ve spent so much time doing.. I just want to say fuck this shit and go travel the world and live like a nomad or some shit.. life to short to slave away for some company and not see the world
AAPL has been consolidating for half a year bro
pray

drink

cry

sleep

repeat
Sorting by new is for when you need a live stream of world events
I'm already in it. 29 EOW
[removed]
This dude next week: “so I lost my kids college fund on an FD. What do”
Or an objective way to measure acceleration performance?
“Money clown”

😂 😆
Ouch, i can't even imagine
S
Out of those 88 mil 2/3 actualy hate him and follow him only to troll him.
20 seconds.
“Momo”?
376 at open 366 by close 🌈🐻
Cohen gonna steal the throne like Lelouch to Charles.
$PLUG.. now!
*slightly above Asian decent average*
How?
ive heard it as well as the roadster will have a 200kWh
TSLA 2000 EOY
fuck em
Anyone else younger love the weekend but as you got more retarded hate it and want weekdays.
You are so fucked
[removed]
Jan 15 Expiry!! Leaps weeklies monthlies. Mostly bullish
When Tesla market cap passes Google that's when I'll buy puts.
[removed]
Red at future opens, green at actual market open
oh yeah forgot about that awesome new design too. also a new ranger
EN-TEE-ZED
Not with rumors of a $25k sedan by 2022 being spread around.
right...on pete carroll
To show that there is a consequence to everything...sets an example
[removed]
They make Billions
Most members here are more retarded than the blonde chick so it makes sense.
[deleted]
Tomorrow will be so red, even tribusky will make a completion.
I believe
TSLA
Certification? Are you talking about IT space or blue collar?
Need a day or two of consolidation, I’ll deploy some cash and buy more AAPL and ARKK
Yup gonna drop a shitload of money in that stock.
[deleted]
Not saying it makes sense, I'm just saying it's gonna print
BABA
PLTR
Yes, but not the popular part
If you don't believe AAPL will be significantly higher than it is today, by the time your kids are in college, don't buy it at all.
Between that and what Q4 expectations look like, I would say we see a massive run through the month.
I saw a guy do a metals DD (VALE, CNC, etc) and now I’m going in tomorrow
Basically your posts on Twitter arent press releases. They are ads. They want certain ads. If they censored your private communication that you paid for thatd be a different story.
Just buy the warrants
Sold $15 1/21/21 and i made some money but fuck i could have made so much more
Still rooting for you!  Cheers.
[deleted]
Tesla $1500 by February 19th
Keep in mind these were gotten at a value of $18.  It's not like it's some massive upswing for employees to get filthy rich off of.

They're barely at break even with just 10% gainz on the upside.

Lots will hold especially if they know of some good things the company is doing.
Can we get a hint?
Probably safe pretty much. It will go up soon before the earnings.
Diamond hands required!
Stay away from her, ive claimed her as my property, once she's used up, I'll pass her your way
i wonder if 25th getting passed is bullish
Check out /stocks more people would appreciate it there by the way. Good DD and background.. WSB just wants positions to throw their inheritance on and savings.
Who’s in G I K ???
Fair point. 

I think many have been getting confused on just how and where these companies operate though. CNBC frequently displays Canadian tickers while providing analysis on American catalysts like tax revenue, legislative changes etc. 

LPs have opportunities but US Cannabis is at the center of the perfect storm in my opinion.
TSM
Lol dude this is the most trash DD, you're making a far fetched connection of stimulus + lockdowns to Wish for no specific reason related to Wish itself. Your first attempt to pump this company failed, stop trying. All Wish does is dropship Chinese ass garbage in large volumes. Investors who actually give a fuck about the core business of what they invest in should stay far away.
Anal - giving or receiving? 
Asking for a autist that owns 1k shares at 19.
Steel swelling like my slightly above average cock
How many sort by /new in these threads and how many just visit and do /best ?

I realize the bias of only people in /new reading this

I just notice a lot of posts of people moseying on in and making a declaration of sentiment that is completely counter to what happened.

Wondering if that's the /best thread.
naw alpha fucks dont come here
Hmmm. I’m not sure either. Were your shares ever close to getting called away? Did you ever buy back a call you sold to avoid it?
If you remember the 4th you are over leveraged
Let russ buy puts
https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-3301493a7b903c638f7c2c9e60996d27
You don’t know my dad. He is on his own as far as I am concerned.
I was a 🌈🐻 I went to bed dreaming of tendies, def wasn’t the morning I was hoping for.
All this anti Chinese sentiment is weird in here.  I mean I thought we all only cared about money.
Stop feeling things
I guess we will see what happens and how the stocks react.
I wish I could buy puts on the Bears offense holy fuck
aapl pumping because of the hyundai news or something else?
Not happening
It’s hard to find but it exists.   It’s what docs use for big boy stuff
In 8 hours a certain continent will show y’all why they are referred to as “europoors”
AAPL overvalued, buy ARKK

But on a real note, if you’re DCA you’re fine
TSM for me
I am a Python geek myself, I would love to get my hands on the script; Do u have it posted on github or anything?
TSLA bout to have another $100+ week
If you’re holding for a college fund what differences does a few dollars make
[removed]
Any undervalued plays ?
😁😁😁😁🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This post really described perfectly what I felt when I read the articled about Cohen and his previous ventures. If this is the man who selected GME as his next big bet in life after 2 years of rejecting "99.9% of opportunities presented to me", then fck it, I am all in.
?
Everything on that list takes steel to make. Steel gang🚀🚀
And they spell disaster for my bank account.
[deleted]
Im going through withdrawals bigly
🤦‍♂️😂
I’m with you, Twatter is a dying business. Aside from the conservative exodus it’s highly political and PC and there’s a certain percentage of the country who’ve just grown fatigued with that shit.  Look at the rise of the anti-PC/cancel culture comedians as evidence.
You haven't been reading the Weekend thread very closely.
?
Agreed. 

A Tesla the poors can afford plus rising oil prices and fuel prices much higher than they should be compared to price of oil is just gonna mean demand of EV’s will go up. 

TSLA has got big dicks and rockets attached to it to fuck the shorts
It could. They only need 14 Republican votes.
[deleted]
[removed]
Carrots and peppers is where it’s at.
russell wilson like, "whew...at least i'm not trubisky"
Already asked my wife’s boyfriend. He said he is going to stop by after his morning workout
K got it thanks!
I thought he was on that air conditioning vent
This is the way
Actual positions 

$NIO 56C 1/15

$TSLA 920C 1/15

$TSLA 960C 1/15
I’m playing around with Reddit to see what it’s like. You don’t have to follow my posts
So he can't come back with a vengeance in 2024
🤣
Making sure that shit doesn't happen again
https://www.reddit.com/r/tech/comments/kui4oy/hyundai_and_apple_will_reportedly_sign_an/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Ah nvm he good then
[deleted]
[deleted]
Are you reading straight out of your autobiography now?
Ya
banned
Vale ftw 🚀🚀🚀🚀
bro you're a virgin in your mid 20s. Smd
Sept 4 happening tmrw or na
It's time 🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
You’re safe, it’s just an epic meme!
[removed]
The holding period starts over when the non-qualified covered call is closed when the option expires worthless.

If the stock is called away then the profit is definitely a short-term gain tax rate because of the unqualified calls.
 LP's can sell nothing before they pass the MORE act. They will pass the SAFE or STATES act waaaaay before they pass MORE. So for the moment the MSO's have the advantage of actually making money, having possible access to capital, possibly getting a massive tax decrease and having a moat for the foreseeable future.
Cant run again, loses presidential pension, loses lifetime secret service protection
You drink it every day or just when you have AR?
If that happened:  I’d be confident enough to flip over my boss’s desk and tell him to fuck off right then and there.
I'm kinda sad because the singularity will make stock markets irrelevant. I mean sure the singularity will either doom us or move us to a post scarcity utopia, but in a utopia you can't gamble on stocks with other degenerates and have it actually mean something
Tsla, you can buy a relationship with the profits
Nope. The worst part is you had unlimited day trading power and one day you lose that privilege & being tagged as PDT
Lmfao preach
DAMN THE CCP!!!!
"As God is my witness, he is broken in half!"
That is something I struggle with XL
Not me I have NIO calls
I want to know too
Nice! Didn’t hear about that!
Lol the people buying water stocks like it’s mad max. Move out of California, I have too much water in North east. Shits wet as fuck wap wap
10k on CAT Calls 😸
This is art. 

Man do I miss the attitude era. 

Greatest soap opera of all time.

Fill my mouth with refreshingly cool delicious rocky cold Coors baby!!!
Stop shilling your shit dd
Looking to grab some AAPL stocks for my kids as future college fund. Is it safe to buy at market open tomorrow or is there a better time throughout the day?
Where do you find that? Asking for a friend
It was a joke, they don’t teach you humor over there?
Yes
Senate sends it right back
how's it feel being the poorest one on here
Shill talks going well
My firearm training classes counts are up a ton since Monday- getting booked out to hell
permaban
Last chance to hop on before the PSTH train leaves the station 🚉
It's ok futes take your time ☺️☺️
[deleted]
Lol misses last week. Buys back in after market rips
Should print
You gotta learn how to call it out without having a blow up.
He knows it’ll get his dumb fuck Twitter followers rowded up
Oh god I want to see it but I don’t want to end up on a FBI list 😂
So of China is manipulating the market to drive the prove of Nio up... invest in Nio?
You’re absolutely right about that brother
One of the easily overlooked things about Trulieve is how "investment friendly" they have been with the capital structure. Will many weedstocks have diluted to hell (read: ACB), it can be argued that Trulieve has very actively protected retail shareholder interest.

That and the CEO, Kim Rivers, answers customer questions on Twitter and is generally held in high regard.
You won’t regret it
Official news of signing deal with Hyundai for iCar by end of the quarter.
[deleted]
lmfao why are they playing on Nickelodeon
Ok bitches only couple more hours until our addictions are satisfied
I need more of this, makes my hands so 💎 tough and my pee pee hard
lmao who cares. failed calls are a depreciating asset as well.
Let spy open at 376 so ya boi can catch a dub
it won’t at all
Nothing at all.
oh no market could open at -0.2% guess half of this sub is going to declare bankruptcy
Whatever happened to the genome kid that was dropping out
Very autistic document round 2

Just delete it now bro
Someone's mad. Hey you do you, I'm not the one losing money. I understand there are some promising hills that people choose to die on, but a fundamentally obsolete one like gamestop (which will inevitably go bankrupt, as physical game sales will only decrease with time) is not one of them. Nothing you say will convince me otherwise, the digital age is here.
Yeah nah not sus at all
[deleted]
[deleted]
They have liquid xanax?
I criticized Mango a little too much
All this corona shit made me realize how much humans need social contact and how isolating yourself will really, REALLY fuck up your head and brain. Finally been hanging with some good friends again and it really makes a world of difference to your mood
Ok but do stock go up or down
realize that not every gain/loss post you see is real
Alright alright alright
Fuck this guy tho fr
Wsb survey:

Were u the popular kid in middle school/high school and then once University came you became a degenerate and gambled your life savings on stocks?
Pre pre pre markets at 2 and 4 hit different
Will never get thru senate tho
Red at night, bulls delight
LFG 🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
It’s about more than just money at this point retards 🚀🚀🚀🥰💎🖐🏼
420.69
Ban.
Don’t hate the player, hate the game
Considering: FCEL TSM NIO PLUG KERN. Picks?
It is perfectly applicable. Scale means nothing. If i see someone screaming i should have the right to kick them out. If i dont then im gonna go to some shitty businesses tomorrow and start screaming lol.
that's a flex, son
If it gets that bad, the market will step up and provide a solution. Probably a big ass solar collector and evaporator would be economical.

But we can still make out
The worst part of being flagged as PDT are the dementors
Missed the word spread, I'm a retard
Got in at 5.90 & 6.80
HOLY SHIT I SEE NUMBERS AND IT NEVER LIES

I'M PUTTING IN 10K MORE  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
Got VALE $19 6/18 2c 2.03 my first call option ever 😬😬😬
[removed]
Hold up HiddenPopTart, can you actually purchase 100 share of PLTR at 23-26ish and use that as collateral to sell a $50 put? That doesn't sound right.
I get NIO but what’s the reason for AAPL?
Aren’t we all?
Trubinsky gone just like all the money you spent on FDs
[removed]
Depressing. Take some setraline boy
Can’t wait
Politics aside. How will this Parler news impact the market and/or FAANG stocks?
Perfect!
Green in an hour
Get your PSTH shares!!!
[deleted]
Winnie the poo does not approve this message
GME🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
You mean BA?
Buy the 40, sell the 45.... people were saying the premiums for 45 were too high for them. The difference is currently 0.95 between the two. Trying to give some spreads to consider.
Chicago Bears were 5 - 0 at one point
You that confident? ICLN is an ETF, I don't think it will move that fast. I have 4/16 38C and still feel it's steep.
Eh I wouldn’t touch it with a ten foot pole unless it crashed to March levels
I do lol
[removed]
Cambridge Analytica and disinformation was a serious issue in 2016 elections.
You were banned for 35 days??
Lol okay bro. You’re on WSB promoting commons like any of these people care about that. We want 10 baggers.. anyways I really hope the squeeze happens for ya.
Buy DKNG as it's preparing for lift off 🚀🚀🚀
Wow what a magical day in Texas 🤩
[deleted]
As I respect your resolve for sticking with stocks and standing by your position, I would like to point out that the sub is r/wallstreetbets, not r/wallstreetinvestments.

I appreciate the DD, anyway, but I'll probably use ticker for about a month with calls. Good luck!
No mention of SBVCF?
It will take approximately 45 seconds
oh really?
[deleted]
So he doesn’t get presidential benefits after he leaves office
You the kinda guy to pay a hooker to answer your text
[deleted]
Thanks. I made it 20 seconds into the video then clicked comments for this LOL
I got banned from the discord even though I had an unban pass tag. Someone help, I feel like I just got taken away from my parents by the CPS.
Ded
[deleted]
I bought my first Apple product last week a Feb 19th 125c
uh. no.
How? I can only trade premarket on RH. I'd get up for that shit lol
Great! Why? Because we’re all here to make tendies 🤗
Hope so, id like more cheap BABA
Idek what a future is
[deleted]
You belong here
Guys, I live here in Florida and Trulieve is a fucking cash cow. They absolutely dominate the market here. Every time I go In I have to wait minimum an hour to be seen, they’re always packed and they sell probably twice as much as the next player in the state. 

They are well poised to blitz the entire southeast whenever the other states catch up to current times. I call them the “Walmart of weed”

TCNNF is my largest holding in my long term portfolio right now. I have no doubt they will be a huge player in the game. 

TCNNF🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

You see how many rocket ships? Moon baby.
Can't wait for the Starlink IPO so I can make a lot of money off Elon's next bubble
[removed]
Terrorist
Nothing. They lose it 10 min later.
Jpow was ziptied by a redneck shirtless Viking, unable to reach the brrrrr button.
I’d go in heavy at $200.  Very unlikely though.
he from r/GenZedong.

extremist sub. no need
GaMe stop bulls are depressed
I dont work for my autistic DD
[Click this if you’re a CCP shill](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&ab_channel=RickAstleyVEVO)
Nio to $4000
Drew Brees finna storm the capitol after his win
Futures green by the end of this football game
9:30am
[deleted]
well, he has one company whose job it is to drill, another company literally rockets into space, and another company already in space
Same
How do you feel when you read wsb posts and some 18 year old retard makes $20 million in a week while you were trying to trade swings to make $800 and end up losing 800?
Yes. Holy shit balls, yes. You ain’t in APPL  and NIO Tonorrow, you’re an idoot
I’ll let you know when Cathie is 90. We can compare the two.
u/vacationlover1 is the kinda guy to pay a hooker to read him a bedtime story
Calls on BECKY
Damn this was the gayest post this year.
Scared to death, scared to look, I’m shook
But then you miss the PRE pre market at 11 PST 😂
Gamecube Nintendo

Prepare your trip to tendie town
Get your step-mom to help. 
  
  
  
With the stocks, I mean.
There isn’t one
Take after president rights and payment away.
The wives are left behind
It don't go down
55 contracts checking in here. LFG!
Pretty sure no one in the world cares more about futures then WSB does.  Veteran traders, long term investors, hedge funds don't give a fuck about .02 up or -.02 futures.  In fact I'm pretty sure we care more about the futures then the actual futures traders themselves.
I’m taking liquid Xanax for that same reason
Famous last words. Good luck man, not my jam
He doesn’t get the benefits that all other presidents do once their term is over
Many times.
They're now off crying on r/aznidentity, which of course wouldn't be a sub that could exist if they were white 🤔
I'm seeing those at 6.40 and 5.45??? I fuckin wish it was .95
Cool
Fuck that I’m stocks only. 

I know a lot of these window lickers around here love to yolo personal loans on FD’s to make a quick buck, but I don’t fuck around like that. 

Looooooong 🍆 to the 🌖💎✋
That sounds like too much effort
Ye
So...uh...we still pumping NIO tomorrow regardless of the shill???
Can’t run for office again
[removed]
Yes
Sir this is the unemployment office
Crox at ICR tomorrow at 930am. Coupd be some price action
No it stopped when I started drinking the water. I have a nasty hiatal hernia that needs surgery but I don’t want to get it done so I have bad reflux. I still feel the stomach acid up somewhat higher than it should be but it doesn’t burn like usual.
NIO calls moon baby 🍼
Deep ITM CSP leap? I fucking like this. I don't have 5k to throw at that bitch though
Robert it goes down
As a short, I have a very abusive relationship with TSLA shares.
AMEN
If the opposing view is 'kill the non-believers' then yes
June 2020 JPow was tough on us
Google takes me to this thread
I got word today my offer on a duplex in Los Angeles was accepted.  I paid $695,000, needs $60k rehab and it’s worth $1,050,000 fixed up

The only reason I can do what I’m doing today is because I started out buying $80,000 houses eight years ago. I never would’ve been able to afford a $700,000 house when I started
Deadass considering going to bed soon so pre market comes sooner😂
Doesn’t matter. By the fucking dips and ride to glory by end of the week.
Stock market will be around a lot longer

Calls on longevity
Why not 40c
Don't worry bro, big papi got our back.
Just watched The China Hustle, great documentary for those investing in Chinese companies.
Guarantee it! Lol
Yes, but it can be the reverse too
[deleted]
[https://vimeo.com/86014703](https://vimeo.com/86014703)  


So its a robo cop but they do a bunch of  scenes by a bunch of directors.
um how many of those you think trade stocks?  or even know what a put is.  what % of twitter followers you think actually worship him?
I strongly agree but it’s just how I feel about it
Lol. No problem. 

And thank you. Wishing you tendies to pay off yours.
Bitch I’m 13
I got free weed and alcohol from her, the blood money remains to gather me more tendies
hope spaceX
What strike we doing
To each his own
Switch-hitting is simpler than you think
“Oh fuck VIX is up 1%, better sell everything”

GTFO bears, 💎🙏
No, because they may be the largest shareholder at 31% but their stake is non-voting, so they don't actually have a say in anything.
[deleted]
BAH GAWD that’s Cohen in a beer truck what the- what the hell is he doing!??
Impeachment bullish?
Don't have one, good genes
What’s the reason for impeaching trump two weeks before Joe takes office? Kinda confused on the logic there
We post Gains, Loss, & memes sir....
can't freaking believe it. 

MSFT 220c 1/15/2021.

i bought these in june last year at 10 a piece. 6 months out.

now it's a fuckin weekly, and only worth 2.5. msft so flat that even months out lost money on options while nasdaq pumped to the moon.

horrible.
Does it actually go up and down? I wouldn't think puts would be good for something stuck at a permanently low plateau.
Is that for real?

That's some serious liability concern right now.

Way to read the room.
Can confirm.
Absofuckinglutely
Yes
Lmao nah, mostly bodybuilding. I push heavy weight on compounds sometimes but if my form breaks down I just ditch it
Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe fuck yourself.
Tesla could make an entry level $5K car with a 50 mile battery and still profit.
Just gotta figure out how to get around all that camo. Hopefully they got good programmers.
So Starlink then
Better to pile it up and setup it on fire 🗑️🔥
[removed]
Literally the night of the Georgia races were red and I was up 8% the next day. They literally don't indicate shit. Only time I can tell how my day is going to be is 30 minutes after open.
What's the best play here? Leaps calls into 2022 or April/Jul?
Massage my SLV/GLD calls
They could trade right
thats why they don't make $
Tesla. I would liquidate my 401k and buy LEAPs as far out as I could afford.
Yeah I had Mexican two nights in a row and I feel about 10% of the acid reflux I normally would. Still get it pretty bad in the mornings but I’m down from taking 3 Pepcid a day to 0 or one.
Pls
TWTR 48.50p 1/15 x5 going to go brrrrr tomorrow?
It’s not predicting man, it’s called TA, discounted premiums. If this hits are you going to say I’m lucky? $904 EOW on an open around $810 if not.. $855.

Edit: please set a reminder so we can check back and see how “lucky” I was
What was Rapture's policy on multiple wives?
I hope so man. This sucks. I took a shit and im sure I just smeared my entire ass when I attempted to wipe
twitter puts
did the AR start when you started drinking the water, and now it's going away?
jpow sees red, printer goes brrrr
Has there ever been red futes and green dildos the next day? Asking for a friend
Cathie gang WYA?
Glad I sold everything on Friday
Please god I bought calls eod friday
Baba gap down $200 tomorrow
House OFFICIALLY staging an impeachment vote. 

BULLISH!
I think most people here only care about money then humor.  Racism does not print cash.
100k cash gang going into tomorrow - looking at SQ, AAPL and TSLA dips for possible scalps - any other ideas?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yes
AMZN they seem to literally profit from crashes like that
You’re using examples that aren’t applicable to this unique circumstance. There are millions of men in your store and they are all screaming. Some are being kicked out and others are not. Therefore the ones that remain must align with your values
[removed]
[removed]
I would think keeping an eye on current suppliers, since they'll be increasing production. From what I read, at least as far as the car industry, it's mainly due to new cars being more complex and thus needing more semiconductors. So more demand. As we come out of this covid shit, that demand will increase further.

Of course that could be a bunch of bullshit.
Vale calls tomorrow?
That sounds great tbh
Great for stoners. Calls on NFL.
Nah the visuals are high key funny as fuck
[removed]
Alex Karp is their Baby.
What’s your skin care routine?
Dear Instagram,

No one gives a shit about the random person I’m following and that he/she is currently live.

Sincerely,
Unclekarl
Lets pray together
Big if true
Same
LQD -so none
[deleted]
SoFi can!
Down only 10k out of how much
Making social media posts on any website is being an "attention whore" though. Technically, we are both doing that right now.
Good. But not Tesla good....🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
The land down under's smaller cousin
Watch futures be green by 2AM
Unless AOC bails millennials out, you retards are the only ones with a chance.
The next bubble is whateber Elon decides to take public
Nickelodeon is streaming the game with visuals aimed at kids? Puts on the NFL.
[deleted]
SEC this guy
1,5k shares since $7

Also a shitton of  a stock that can't be  named because it's a under  the 1bil cap.  But it starts with  TT and ends  with CF

This will fly just like beyond too

EV and Vegans
tesla & nio should start moving in opposite directions at some point.  there's gotta be a few losers in the EV game.  that reminds me where's NKLA lawsuits at - stock has settled at \~17 might be worth some puts
Nvm red open cancelled
Weird, never seen that before
How many intelligent azns we got in wsb?
Thanks for jinxing us, now it’s going to close flat.
All in on $ALKA?

Seriously though, I'm going to have to look into this, I wonder if seltzer water counts
yes
   🟢 RED AT NIGHT BULLS DELIGHT! 🟢
positions check: AAPL 130/140ds 1/29, ICLN April 30/35ds

Trying to get rid of the short leg on the icln spreads but waiting for hype to die down more to buy back
[removed]
At 4am
hmm grimey should have IPOd her music first
Was made by a CCP intelligence agent

It was a propaganda post
I just double-click the upvote
Bro I’m all in tommorw tired of holding my balls
Hmmmm I'm thinking for the first step use margin instead of wages
ICLN, QCLN and TAN. 40% of my investments there
WARREN BUFFET IS AN OLD-MONEY CLOWN WHO SOLD AIRLINES AT THE BOTTOM.
Anyone got TAK calls? Japan has some scary COVID news. 

I’ve been holding 1/15 $20c and 06/18 $22.50 since mid-December. They’ve been bleeding since then.
DIE RUSSEL YOU PUNK ASS BITCH!!!
You a power lifter? Those guys are fucked
Bears calling ‘crash’ for every small amount of red...lol

We gapping up to 390 tomorrow
Depends what caused the crash
Jesus there are people in the yahoo finance page for AMZN advocating throwing roofing nails in the parking lots of amazon fulfillment facilities. 

Like yeah I’m sure ruining the day of a random warehouse employee really punishes Jeff Bezos.
Not sure all 88 mil followers actually care about the dude rather then wanted to stay up to date on what our president is saying.

As we all know the market swings on trump tweets. Getting that knowledge first hand can be advantageous.
sounds gay to me
ICLN
If it's a choice for one my personal opinion would be $MSOS. It's just starting to show spectacular strength. The buzz around all the M&A and legislative changes on deck should help propel it, imo.
All of them.
Totally different, if you have an edge. Predicting price movements over 1 week is not investing. Wish you luck nonetheless
Been here for the last 5 months. Glad to see it being talked about!!
Flair checks out
[deleted]
I guess we will see what happens. 🤷
Stocks will be either up or down tomorrow
sure ya are.
Nio shares tomorrow at open?
You can literally google this information
803 then dropping to 767 by close
I have PLTR 2023 leaps, it’s simpler
[removed]
LMFAO. 
As someone who dates an entitled white girl, I approve this message.
Ban
Ah okay
[deleted]
Where did u come from you are funny
Works well, futures red like it should be the night before new aths.
Chicago Bears getting destroyed rn, is this a sign for tomorrow  🤑
not sure why our comments are getting downvoted lol  


Thanks for the insight! I am a big believer in US cannabis being a quickly emerging market worth jumping into asap, but I disagree with you about Canadian stocks being value traps. The MSOS equivalent in Canada HMMJ has done super well for me this year and though I do agree there are some massive stinkers out there, the upside is definitely there also
nvidia isnt going up because they might have the ARM deal deleted by world regulatory groups because they fear arm will lower the quality of product they send to nvidia's competitors. too much of a monopoly. if anything this is why other semi companies didnt bid for it. if anything Lowe's should buy ARM.
Theta eats your tendies, delta makes them
Try out collagen peptides too (uncooked gelatin powder). Shit was mad helpful on my gut issues.
Beautiful red dildos
That's literally me
I have to clear the whole rest of my day to just shit every time I eat at Chipotle.  It is more than a lifestyle brand and more pure commitment.
Sometimes a reply is so good I downvote the OP and upvote the reply because that’s like voting twice
Let me know how those FD OTM Puts work out.
If your family said it’s either the stock market or us (cause you’re down only 10k) would you choose your family?
I’m a chemist making slave wage 😫

Stonks the only way to escape coerced slavery 🚀🚀🚀
Can't wait for them to announce that contract
I actually look a lot like him.  At the bar before Covid these people were like yo it's fucking Matthew McConaughey! Was really funny.

I'd say I'm actually better looking and have a lot better body.  Tinder is easy mode, get like 10 to 20 matches a day of 7/10+.
People think I’m healthy for lifting weights, but then I stretch my arms there’s more crack than the 80s. Puts on my longevity
What the fuck is ICLN and what does it do? Trying to get bitches to send me titty pics for stock tips on IG.
I want it to stay flat as long as possible so I can pump as much money into it before it moons
You're taking mine seriously though
THIS
Ah ok thanks for that explanation, still pretty new to options plays
The time between now and expiration
Haven’t seen snek all weekend. Red open confirmed for tomorrow
CROX
You lost me on step 2
Ha ha 😂
Imagine if our mom Cathy and our daddy Elon made a baby together??? Sweet Jesus of Tendies
Uhhh /Es does not look good. We’re drilling tonight
ya or the 25th, either way stability = bullish.  hopefully rile up his followers so they do dumb shit again & we can get them put away.  calls on law & order
Ill just use this example. If i own a business and someone comes in and starts screaming some people say this business is terrible and if something was done about that...i wont mention killing because that wouldnt be good but something. I should be allowed to kick that customer out and not be accused of censorship right? They can yell in the street if they want idc. Send a letter.
Huh, you’re right, he doesn’t even mention it. 
How do you think the icr will affect the guy’s predictions?
ok pretty sure that was pinsider prading
Stand in the window naked with lights on type of guy?
6/18 calls for me
Steelers calls finna printttt
140c
Haven’t ever posted this before and haven’t even been on here much today 

Also timely considering that mods blocked an identified China shill earlier today
Well, it’s a good thing their posting style can be easily disregarded. Their posts read like a scam email
Wrong once again.
What’s so bad about it mooning?
Make better jokes retard
I’d avoid PLTR.
So 1/15 1080 or what?
LMFAO I signed the fuck in just to say I'm buying Puts on this fucking thing as soon as market opens.
Take it down a notch there buddy
Essentia slaps
If we had another march level crash, what stock would you buy immediately? (Assuming the government bans options and you can only go shares)
I knew this sub was united when we all just collectively got pissed at people for ruining our gains on a perfectly green day. Like we didn't care what was going just that people were fucking with our profits
Haha yes, same boat. Not sure how I got here, but let's ser sail to Valhalla
My SIL actually does shit like this. I wish I was joking.
Elliot ain’t got shit on papa musk
He cannot. He is not autistic and does not belong here if he's taking posts here seriously
You’re welcome for the warning
As a Canadian, you had me at "Newport"- menthols are illegal up here EXCEPT on Indian reserves so I make a trip every month

Canadian pot CANNOT be brought across the border until it is totally legal on a federal level in the US AND the trade dept decides to allow cross traffic- highly doubtful in light of current alcohol and tobacco restrictions
Even if its 50% its still a shit ton of real followers.
Just kill a few of these clumsy Harkonnen and reclaim their water.
Is anyone else having problems with investing.com app? Feeds disappear
A relationship with Elon Chan? Notice me senpai Elon!!!
Dude. That shit is gonna hit 150 real soon,
[https://tos.mx/HRQWU4E](https://tos.mx/HRQWU4E)
Age like milk
[removed]
Literally can't go tits up
Fuck if you just switched, it’s probably time for us to switch to bear gang
Your moms legs
Someone hates money
I’d think the dude is an attention whore
It's gotta pump sooner or later right?
900
It’s honestly a quality broadcast god damn
For the record his driveway is worth 25K just eye ballin it. I’ll show myself out.
Does her vagina taste like pumpkin spice?
Your off-hand will become proficient in a matter of a week or two
Nope
[deleted]
Exactly.  Free markets and democracy never made anyone money.  Just as long as they tell us we’re patriots and keep the casino open.
Crippled Cock Party
Mine just got turned on for my account out of the blue.
lmao what did he say?
Nope, 100.  His registration was due so he paper hands'd it.
OK you seem incapable of understanding the term "racist implication".

I will even put it into a meme format so it's easier to understand:

"I hate the CCP, not the Chinese 😶"

" 93% of Chinese citizens support the CCP"

"😶" 

"😡"
Them all.
Water? Like in the toilet?
[deleted]
ICR conference is going to destory TA. Does this guy know there is a ICR conference on Monday?
Dont like her attitude after I fucked her either.
$420
That’s bullish asf
More retards making decisions based on emotion than actual information. Keep the downvotes coming morons. Looking forward to loss porn on your meme stocks. Go GME and PLTR!
One huge future problem. 

Both Ps5 and Xbox have models without a disk drive.

Doesnt that scare anyone off?
I applaud your sharpness.
probably EOD or EOW
[removed]
Nice looking Clio
You know I'm right though. Put a dude behind the video, and you'd think nothing of it...
Watch this shit be green AF in the moning.
Fuck them 💭
That was the joke.
AAPL $136 1/29
Calls on nuclear fusion: tritium 420.69c 2051/01/01
What’s TSLA opening at
[deleted]
I remember that Sunday.  Will never forget that rally.  Wasn't it like -2.5% when futures opened Sunday.  By the time market closed Monday it was a 3% positive day.  Crazy swing.
At this point I'm permanently switching "red days" with "buy days" under current marker conditions

obligatory #Simp4Cathie gang
2010 level crash incoming! This is it
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuo4zg/i_built_a_program_that_detects_buzzing_stocks_on/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
How to make a lot of money between now and January 2023:

1. Buy 100 shares of Palantir ($PLTR) with your salary/wage.
2. Being confident that  Palantir will be $150.00+ per share by 2023, sell an in-the-money (ITM) 01/20/23 $50 put contract for \~$3,000 in premium.
3. Use the money from that premium to buy \~30 Apple ($APPL) shares.
4. Repeat steps 1-3 throughout Q1.

Is this my ticket to the upper class, or an express to poverty?
TSLA bulls aren't scared by 🌈 futures. Hand.on.chest we march on into the future, forever rolling our OTM calls.
Obviously TSLA but yeah they’re retarded
What if you’re too fat and break through the trampoline?
[deleted]
🤫 they’re watching
It’s a coordinated disinformation attempt

Not kidding
Yes
Yeah but can you identify a joke when you see one?
$136 1/29
Fellaz, there are only two things in this world that a man really needs.

1.) Gym gainz 💪🏻 
2.) Tendies gainz 🤑
You as well, you’re also gambling.. lol
Why do you think there was no hesitation on their part to pull the plug on Parlor?
My fucking right arm is in a sling which is going to make gambling tomorrow really difficult. Not only that but I wont be able to rub one out to clear my mind before market opening. Puts on my portfolio tomorrow
[deleted]
I'd be on mars running my own ice mining rig you fucking dolt
I remember when it was positions or ban now we coddle these larpers smh
Whoever invested in March of last year made a killing
What this guys said.
he's a 🌈🐻
[removed]
r/GenZedong is a propaganda page disguised as a memepage. I went on there and had mods fighting with me claiming things like that the Chinese love and welcome the firewall and that its for the good of the people, that intellectual property doesn't exist and its humanitarian for China to steal it, and that the Tinanamen Square massacre is lied about by foreign governments and that everyone in China knows the real story.

Its good propaganda, because they're super subtle at first but if you press them it gets pretty blatant. That page is wild, in a bad way.
That doesn’t make sense
How privileged my gf is literally makes me sick sometimes
[deleted]
Don’t listen to the 🌈🐻‘s
Its amazing you think china is successful.... at what?  They cant even copy things very well.

Also by the time china steals it you’ve already got brand presence and tons of products out.

Look at tesla. Apple.  Where are the Chinese companies stealing from them... they are years behind if ever to catch up only after its a shitty $100 lawnmower with no profit margins.
Futures: -0.02 

Bulls: I can never financially recover from this
What calls we buying tomorrow
God you're autistic 💀
what's the path here are they going to resubmit to FDA or something?
I love when they are futures fuk, premarket fuk and regular hours fuk
#YES
Not my jam. Good luck
American waterworks, or Essential utilities
Good on you man. May your tendies runneth over. May your honey mustard be sweeter than 1000% gains.

Too bad OP deleted his post. Student loan owners need to see my post.

Edit: I'd give you award but I'm saving my money for PLTR and SoFi
If you want to increase your leverage in a non-retarded way you could hold part of your bank in shares and play options with the remainder. I like using long dated call debit spreads. Buy one call maybe 5-10% out of the money and sell another call 20-50% out of the money. This reduces the premium you have to pay, and therefore risk, but will also limit the maximum gain.

For example I recently bought an AAPL debit call spread. I bought the 140 call for $500 and sold the 160 call for $150, bringing the cost of my position down to about $350, but also limiting the max value of the spread to $2000 (the difference between the two strikes x100) turning $350 into 2k in 2 months or less is plenty of upside for me.

Its always good I think to leave some cash on the sidelines when playing with options. That way you can average down your position, buy some puts if there's a major downturn, and yolo retarded FDs on meme stocks based on seeing 🚀🚀🚀 in some autistic DD posted by random strangers on the internet. 

Or, put it all onto GME $25 1/15 idk I'm not your real dad
Does Anchoring bias also work for downside too?
Are we forgetting that CES is this week? We'll be fine imo
Do you even know what the definition of thot is retard?
Yea but he was good in True Detective
Don’t forget how we try to toughen each other up by destroying fellow autists self esteem.
calls


>we don't have concentration camps

Unfortunately [experts](https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a27813648/concentration-camps-southern-border-migrant-detention-facilities-trump/) and [holocaust survivors](https://www.thedailybeast.com/holocaust-survivor-yes-the-border-detention-centers-are-like-concentration-camps) disagree with you

  >and aren't a dictatorship

An [oligarchy](https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746), not better
god you are annoying. can you just stop for a day ?
🌈🐻’s never learn. BERS R FUK!
Commodities on investing app are tripping me out. They opened super red but now green even though they didn’t move. Am I losing money on them or what?
Yeahhhhh boiiii
Op, have you done (or can you do) any analysis on how each additional reactor built w/ Centrus tech would affect revenues?  Curious.
What is the ccp? Chinese communist party?
its a family
It’s interesting and filled with cool stories but so unrealistic that only he could have possibly done them
❄️ All you want, unregulated speech on the internet is not possible other than going through tor. This is the undeniable truth, regardless of where you stand on censorship
ARK will moon this week 🚀🚀😊🙏
Set reminder for 5 days, you’re gonna kick yourself. $SNOW $325’s netted a 8x return on a day basis. $GS was almost 10 times return in 2 days. I just gave you the next free one.
[deleted]
I heard he has a bastard son he hasn't paid child support to for 27 years....pa pa
Yeah. Holding mine for June. Looks like you'll get a discount now
Seems bullish
25k in an Italian village.
Well said 👍📈
[deleted]
fuck that, call my bbs.
confidence my man is everything
[deleted]
Hopefully ICLN doesn't moon too much this week, I'm in it for the long haul.
[deleted]
Aw damn. Yeah mine had like a little on/off button at bottom
If the world had no more water, would you buy saliva or make out with someone to get fluids
The overlap of a venn diagram of $AAPL shareholders and MAGA supporters is surprisingly... non-existent.
fake news
[deleted]
Eow
So obviously I am way late to the party but I just realized YOLO is a ticker for a cannabis etf and my little autistic smooth brain thought that was hilarious
price target?
Bloody like your anus
You guys haven’t noticed, everyone knows
When bulls are going insane in the weekend thread, it’s a red dead Monday :(
can we go tits down, so I can buy more dip?
unfortunately nestle, but they are evil
EOY
What is DD?
Fuck man I really feel like APHA/TLRY will be getting an investment from a big company soon
Or you could just buy PLTR this week and have an easier ride to the top. But I’m better looking than him so who knows
I just got it on audible. About to listen hah
If you cant admit James Charles looks 🔥 you’re homophobic
I want to buy this dip.. but what if it dips lower
Lol BERS R BIG FUCK
That was a really risky click
Add the uk too - never has a Chinese company been successful in the UK. no one will buy one if they are priced close to tesla, jaguar etc
[deleted]
We might be toxic, but we all share two things in common:  
  
A) we all wanna make money.  
B) we think mods are gay, but a necessary evil
Hope is that she will lift her skirt for you, reality is shes hiding a dick under it!
I’m staying away from these Country stocks for a year (or two).
[deleted]
[deleted]
Looking at March 120+
I’m buying a flip phone soon so I can get away from smartphones. Sad thinking how much time I’ve wasted looking at this tiny fucking screen
When does it crash?
I worked at one of those places. My coworker got some old lady to give him her Lexus lmao
which chart are you actually watching?
[deleted]
Let’s goooo
Retards, what’s your AAPL earnings plays, let me know 😤
youtube has so much content for beginners options trading, thats where I was learning back in oct/nov.  I bet you can even find a video that uses TD
Simp
Futures not red enough imo
Godspeed retard
What are some good water stocks?
They also like Biden which not many alpha males do
Make the subreddit privat. S o that no reddir cu**ks or outside firms can join in
TAN is better
Well u thought about her enough to look her up so she’s a thot
[removed]
Probably a europoor or China shill
Yes
Need to get him on the Dave Ramsey bandwagon
What’s with these posters with hardly any posts coming on here trying to say “Short (insert stock)! Will go red”

Take that posting to Stocktwits or Yahoo Finance
It’s a mix of habit and addiction. The two are intertwined, but separate. Don’t get upset that the habit to pick up your phone is there; that’s expected at this point. Actively reduce the habit, and the addiction will reduce. Go put a comic book in your bathroom and read that instead. Start somewhere
BofA
[deleted]
When compared to a Kissinger mentee, sure. He’s not going to stop buying tanks, planes, and bombs, though. The military industrial complex is safe under Biden. Now if Bernie had won, yeah, I’d be worried 100%.
That’s gambling, no thanks
[removed]
I almost hope aapl opens red so I can load up more calls
$MJ The ETF long n strong.
Νο
It’s 1am.
Boysss QQQJ leaps good time to buy ?
Ban
Probably got downvoted too much and automod took him behind the barn
Seriously sometimes I can’t believe the puts these dudes be buyin from me.
[deleted]
no it's not the same.
I love you bot. Nearly as good as cummy
Calls?
But it's a fucking car whose doors open like this. These are not the doors of a billionaire.
Same here my little retarded friend, but be warned I have about 100k of AMD on margin so it probably won’t happen
They’re not real?

Well, that’s super cereally disappointing.
That or $700 EOW

Basically, if it’s not green, it’ll go red
[deleted]
I don't see the pathway yet. 

Sweetwater is somewhat nice in it's own right, it seems well regarded, but it doesn't have a true nationwide footprint and, to my knowledge, it doesn't sold any of necessary cannabis related licenses. To me it's not the Ace I want to see right now. Beverages have not taken off as product segment. 

I think the value of the merger is in (1) International opportunity (e.g. Europe), (2) Possible pharma connections through Tilray, (3) Better investor exposure (APHA always seemed to struggle)
it's the easiest marketing ploy right now. you'd be the worst fucking firm if you didn't take advantage of it.
**ICLN** gang let's get some momentum headed into the week

Clean energy legislation coming in hot, and more interest in the sector than ever before

Let's get our slice of the $2.4 trillion pie

**ICLN** GANG RISE UP 

positions: $35c 1/2022
Im gonna buy so many fucking dips
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Everyone
[removed]
SRPT monthlys
[deleted]
BAN
Just finished matthew McConaughey’s new book... the dude has had the easiest life ever I swear. Really goes to show how looking like him (top .001% of looks.. maybe higher) and having just a laid back attitude can actually get you to the top..
Tech coming back lets go
That was beautiful
You do realise that conservatives are not just a fringe minority group and even in your own liberal city 40% of people didn't vote for your ideology?

Now ask yourself how is it that losing hard-left customers affects all those corporates incomes that they are worried of their cancel culture but at the same time losing that 45% even in most liberal cities won't affect them?
 
It seems to me that new generation of corporate management has lost touch with reality to the extent that they don't even realise probably half their own shareholders are not politically happy with those actions and the other half is upset about losing money.
[deleted]
Don’t worry bulls I’ve seen futures limit down and then open green the next day
Excellent. I think its gonna be a great day Monday
Looking at TGT, trend showing might be time for some puts?
Agreed, you just described the Arab Spring and 95% of other revolutions! Hopefully, it happens before the climate is fully cooked too.
"just the tip there, jim.."

tony romo.  also, milton berle
/u/cashflow_ the kinda guy to have his stalker rate his cock 4.5/10
Wouldn’t expect anything less from WSB to be honest
Big green
ye like wtf is this? I didn't pay for reeducation camp tickets?
[deleted]
I think KBR is gonna be huge as they work directly with the feds and are acquiring carbon capture tech and hydrogen production
Y’all what if I could trade futures and just turn the green button on for everyone? Would y’all like me?
Green by open as ALWAYS
Me prolly
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kun1f9/tesla_premarket/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
Annoyed I didn’t buy more
When does TSLA hit $1000 EOD or EOW?
❄️❄️
He wrote a giant post with a micro penis sized bet. It blew up and he still claimed victory. On top of that he had a [debilitating haircut](https://youtu.be/AdvacLyAl1U)
You think wealthy people get put in nursing homes? 🤡
Maybe. Institutions might blame WSB for making the markets overly volatile l, then lobby to have stricter restrictions placed on retail investors to protect the integrity of the market.  Maybe raising the PDT limit or limiting access to options...
Yes, and it goes into effect tomorrow. 

>>Section 1.  (a)  The following actions are prohibited:

>>(i)   beginning 9:30 a.m. eastern standard time on **January 11, 2021**, any transaction in publicly traded securities, or any securities that are derivative of, or are designed to provide investment exposure to such securities, of any Communist Chinese military company as defined in section 4(a)(i) of this order, by any United States person
Many of the knowitalls think it’s about being right.  Its not. It’s about making money.  We, the idiots, are winning. Their may be a time for the shorts but it hasn’t been for 18 mos.  So glad there are so many people like you left to help climb the wall of worry.
*nods*. mmhm, numbers done lie. *flexes pec*
Let’s actually get a devil dick red open
College Educated Scott Steiner got the hook up.
Proof or ban !remindme 24 hours
Stock markets soars on the wings of an eagle
Umm QQQ wrong way go down i want free money when i buy calls at open
just wait for futures to realize that Grandma Nancy trying to get rid of the the 🥭 man means they won't have time to meddle in anything else, full steam ahead green by open kiddos.
Hoping for AMD to breakout of the 92-95 range and jump past 100 by earnings this month
.... shit that's actually smart
I showed my stalker a picture of my dick
Bulls*
Most people just watch videos on YouTube.  They are not Youtubers.  Why would you be surprised by this?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I envy your view, hopp you are right!
I want 10 baggers though. Tip to you, TTD $850’s for 1/15 and if they can open up 1.5% from where they closed Friday $900’s. You’ll thank me later
I’m optimistic on Tesla as a business, but I don’t really know where shareholders will end up. Tesla can issue enough shares and convertibles today at the expense of shareholders to fund a decade of CapEx and R&D if needed. ~$800 Billion EV is representing a 10-15 year blue sky scenario at this point, very rich evaluation.
One word: government.
>	I’m not gonna go through the hassle

It takes literally zero effort, gtfo with your lyin ass
Impersonating Jesus
Buying another $100k NIO calls/shares.
Green as my semen
you thought the guy who YOLO'ed 10K into SPACs was going to buy an appreciating asset?
They both have a lot of money so they'll both win
His returns were absolutely possible, he was just 10 years too early for bitcoyne.
And 14 more shall take their place. (probably)
At this point tesla shares.. atleast they cant say I dont live you anymore and leave.. stonk only go up and then youd be able to have anyone you want..
So you've just totally ignored  the "TSLA shorters have lost more money than blah blah blah"... you've ignore all the posts with 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀.
more or less yes. in other words its irrelevant to the next trading day.
$seed

Seed will be the new currency. Better start planting some apples
Bullish
How many bears is Tesla gonna kill tomorrow?
They got a Ferrari ev, game over bois
Psth still be green in AM
All this china hate makes me want to buy NIO. Makes them seem undervalued
Absolutely
The amount of people using the r-slur in this thread is too fuckin high
Thinking all pot stocks aren't going to moon on big news or passing laws is truly retarded. Even CA ones considering they all have very big plans for the US market and beyond. Good news for US is good for CA regardless of direct connections.
Sleep well fellow Bull King!
I love that you try to make it political. It’s a statement of fact. There were fewer deployed troops in the Middle East at the end of 2016 than there were at the beginning of 2009.

It’s not good, bad or otherwise. Obama reduced the number of people fighting wars in person and increased the number of telecommuters fighting wars via x box controller.
Did anyone else watch for that comment and get burnt?
Nope
Just 1
Jack black movie anyone?
Early ass bedtime
Use an ARK chart.  She'll understand.
Is Motorsports Games IPO anything?
Let her boyfriend tell her. I'll be better coming from him.
Seems like a reasonable policy.
How many were bots?
[deleted]
What happened to the guy with the flair that said downvote this guy?
[deleted]
That's rich coming from a self admitted brigadier and genocide apologist. Fuck off back to r/GenZedong, commie.
Until the Broncos launch and Mach E sale data are out it's going to be trading side ways for months.
[deleted]
So how do futures work? Some guy presses a button to turn it slighty red and then right clicks for a button to make it green and they kinda just choose based on how they feel?
[deleted]
Trump or not, Twitter is cancer on society.
Buy the dip. Tomorrow’s a sale day! 🤩🥳
In terms of stocks, doesn’t matter. Twitter is down 9% this week and if Orange man comes back guns blazin’ about social media I foresee another dip, regardless of actual legislation
It is definitely something that persists :( 
Source - B.S. in Bio and utterly fucked in the traditional sense
But I love college
Guys - once COVID is over I’m going to start volunteering at nursing homes so I can seduce wealthy old women (and men) to put me in their will
Market bears in shambles. Football bears in shambles. Feels good.
Futures climbing again. Bears slowly retreating to their caves
u/savevideo
what kind of question is this
It’s my bedtime.

Fuck you, I’ll see you tomorrow. 

Just buy calls.
Long common stock
#TSLA always will go up ✈️
My brother likes it, but my brother liked Fallout76 so take that with a grain of salt
The biggest reason for WSB being the way it is, is the fact that we all live in the moment. A retard buying 0TDE's is a champion of living and dying in the moment. If you deal in FDs for your tendies, there's no way you are gong to project into the future. This allows people to not worry about any hypothetical. Fundamentals and pessimism is for the 🌈🐻 and our common  disgust for the 🌈🐻 is what  keeps us here at WSB. 

In my view WSB retards the the new age Sadhus who roamed the far off lands care free and championed living in the moment. We are just Sadhus with a lambo!
How many shares we talking
Back To The Future 4?
Can tsla split again please
Stonks haven’t moved since 8pm EST Friday
Guy from the matrix
Actually I understand them quite well, it's literally my career. But this isn't about me and you, it's about facts.

First if you read the article you linked they found 11/24 close contacts of Ebola patients had antibodies to Ebola during an outbreak in 1996. They had no symptoms. They were not contagious. Your point is therefore wrong.

SARS, MERS, and Ebola are only spread once symptomatic, not as contagious, and more deadly. This is why containment measures worked well and spread was stopped. It's widely available scientific information.
how many shares are we talking about?
[removed]
Puts on my IQ
I suspect most people posting dress like these fellas also.
[deleted]
Kinda shows you how many are betting against r/wallstreetbets
Look at the karma number we can confirm!!!!
God speed, retard
[deleted]
NIO x NVIDIA = 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Jesus christ you have balls
Well, shit fire up that 4 footer and bring it on. I’m in.
“Futures open lower on news that biden will announce a spending bill on Thursday so everyone needs to get in cheaper”
if you love mao zedong you're a ccp shill
(Chicago) Bears R Fuk
[removed]
Dude... stonks only go up haven’t you read the intelligent investor?
[deleted]
[removed]
This
I think im gonna become a Christian just so i can get away with shit and just make money for giving all credit to god. God, this ones for you buddy lets go fuck some strippers.
Lets go were dumping
MODSMODSMODS
ICLN
[deleted]
With note on lap signed notccpbot
I looked up her TikTok and it's all about financial stuff. Just because she is attractive, doesn't make her a thot. Lmao.
There is certainly some truth to this, but I believe it goes a bit too far. The past 50 years of American political and socioeconomic development can not be so mono-causally attributed to "petrodollar warfare."
Jack Ma was heard saying he is thankful the million mile battery hasn’t been developed yet, otherwise he may not have survived
I say 2022 because I don't see stimulus stopping any time soon. And I don't think the market will react immediately anyway.
I mean they're all using AWS or Azure to upgrade their tech in their cars.  I think you're really overrating that comparison.
Are you speed running getting your account banned any %?
[removed]
I'm about to nut and shoot some steep ropes
Part of the past
Interested to see where futures are tomorrow morning.
Calls on his mom
Thanks CCP
I heard that TSLA has negative cash flow without carbon credit.
u/StevenVanMetre still a 🌈🐻?
So what positions are you in?
This. Guy doesn’t understand the basics of SPACs, tries to convince others to take his advice on investing money. 🤯
Holding my IQ calls
Democrats hate nuclear energy. DD sounds good but politics will kill it as usual.
Maybe he is better than you
[deleted]
Browns money line
Not red enough to be scary
Not sure how many Trump supporters are going for puts on twitter but it might get spicy with 88 mil followers getting irritated.
ok. idiot, so electric cars aren't forward looking which they are coming out with...number one truck sounds like a bad investment!?
you shilll?
Open the fucking market already
[deleted]
Relax dude, you still have 5 days.
[deleted]
I mean the after hours is down 1.4
Would u rather have a relationship or tsla shares
[removed]
It really is. Stop it bears. Get some help!
Probably, after my expiration haha
[deleted]
no u
I don't think really any weed stock looks bad 12mo from now.
Nio call holders, how you feeling?
We love you here
May🐝
I should mention that I'm in this for the long haul. I have positions in Curaleaf, Trulieve, Green Thumb and Cresco. I will be scaling in $MSOS weekly (it was introduced after I deployed a lot of my capital).

Rather than look for a specific price target, my approach is hold at least until uplisting. I was around through the entire Canadian uplisting process and I saw the euphoria and attitudes prevalent at the time -- I'm waiting till I see that, and I believe we will see signs of it within 6 months.
.... Aaaand bye.
Honestly, Bernie should be sent to jail for treasonous activities.
i've found this to be a great way to resolve mild stalker issues

flip it, and start harassing them. it puts you in control, and feels great

if they're semi-normal, they'll fuck off
c
Never bet against the fed
Calls on WSB
No.
How does one play the semiconductor shortage?
Queef Latinah.
yes
Check out DOMO’s response on twitter:

https://twitter.com/domocapital/status/1346626481460539394?s=21

He’s a large (compared to anyone on wsb) investor in gamestop, and he’s actually pretty bullish about the sales so far. Just a different perspective to have.
Hope that comes before expiry
That's more or less what I was thinking. And I don't see a turnaround happening that fast this year, hence 2022.
not me
No. Shower with awards
You forgot the ticker retard
‘The China Hustle’. Check it out.
I’m in.
BLOOMBERG: JACK MA FOUND INSIDE NIO COMMUNITY HOUSE WITH BATTERY ACID BURNS
!remindme 1 day
Why didn't he turn that money into more money??
What ? Did u have Nio
😔
Link?
Dude what? IPOE is separate. He's involved in multiple SPACs taking multiple entities public. Dont wait until merger. That's when it spikes. 

Sounds like you need to research how SPACs work and some charts.
I can’t wait till morning when it’s green and all these gay bears retreat back to their caves
Must suck to fail week after week
“Told you so” - just didn’t give you a timeline.
And target. I used it for both. Pay it off very early and it cost almost nothing.
But if a shredded dude does it, it's totally fine. This is all the proof woman need to keep pushing for equality lmao.
Kushala Harris was the senate sponsor of the M.O.R.E act and states are hurting revenue wise. I guess we will see what happens.
Github link?
Theyre one of our largest trading partners. Just being an american supports the CCP lol
[removed]
Why not both? Of those two, long term is ark, but not k. G, Q, an F have way more potential in the next 10 years. I’m all in icln leaps at the moment. But once those start getting close to exp I’m rolling into arkg.
Where are you seeing this
Screenshot or fuck off
According to some pundits words are violence, allegedly.
& poors
[deleted]
Holy shit short every single one of those stocks
Hmmm, steaming hot dog shit
With completely other tickers?
What’s he doing now?
Yes, only pick those
trampolines gotta go down to go up
red futures = green monday

green futures = bigly green monday
How do I break it to my wife that i’m leaving her to pursue a parasocial relationship with a 64 year old women named Cathie?
mods??? ban
Where do I find him
[deleted]
Get rich off options you’ll get tons of puss puss. Chin up king
I live in china and i think you can hire somebody for that.
I cannot wait for the red donger volume to come in tomorrow morning.
Guys spy is going to be 420 on 4/20 and I’m going to get the call option printed and framed
their pe is only 167, which apparently is not uncommon anymore
Hey Vito,

I've got 30x 30c MT for 2/19.

Hold up until right before earnings, or try to get out and roll the date on these back?
Whose got the Steelers beating the spread tonight?
Prove it pussy
Just twice?

I’m on my twelfth watch and I still don’t feel any gayer.
TSM was this week but RH showing diff date now? JPM, WFC
Monday AH
Cuz market at ath basically moving money from cash to stonks. Falling yield = expectation of more monetary stimulus
Was a suspect post
I remember watching Big Short and he said he was short on commodities market. Well, that never happened, right? If it did, I missed the news.
He’s good at addition tho.
[deleted]
Possible but your gonna need to be quick.
Its called cognitive dissonance
Was able to get Feb calls for $25 a while ago and I’m rolling in it. I believe it’s gonna keep printing hence more calls
Where is the loss porn?
My phone broke and I went without a phone for 1 week in early december, that week was the most anxious I've ever been because I don't have an alarm clock, I always rely on my phone alarm, and I kept waking myself up like 2 hours before my usual wakeup time because I was so scared of oversleeping

In short, we're addicted and rely on our phones, calls on phones
[deleted]
I feel personally inseminated
Guys it’s all that you imagine and more.
What do you guys think of $IPOE?
🐻 hate 🇺🇲
Really depends on numbers from last quarter and the presentation.
yeah compared to what a gay dodge you drive
The guy in the 3000$ suit...

**C’MON**
Yeah that'd be true for a normal company. But for tesla the amount of problems they'd have to fix would bankrupt them lol

(I'm being dramatic but quite honestly I think they could lose money depending on how long the warranty lasted for)
[removed]
Clover Health was IPOC. Its painfully obvious that you did less than 3 minutes of google searching before posting this.
Get an unusable phone   
[https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jellyphone/jelly-2-worlds-smallest-android-10-4g-smartphone](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jellyphone/jelly-2-worlds-smallest-android-10-4g-smartphone)
I'm more thankful for them buying my puts but I get what you're saying.
Mafia I guess
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ur-mom-lesbian the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ahh yes, because future returns are purely based on past performance... and fundementals don't matter ....
Long 825k (10k shares)
Check out the IBM Watson sentiment analysis api
Mmm and who would push for this regulation?  Democrat controlled Executive and Legislative branches who benefit from leftist social media?
We only care about Tesla’s and Lambos though
Heard it’s pretty disappointing overall. But who knows
🦶🏿
GODDAMN just have some FUCKING patience, man FUCK.
This is like a witch-pursuit thingy
Petition to give this a NSFW tag
Guilty here
Wait, I thought STONKS ONLY GO UP???
Proof or ban
prease spea' englishe
I thought clover health was IPOC?
[deleted]
Is my NIO 49.5 / 50 call debit spreads exp 1/15 safe?
? News?
Thanks for the easy money
I agree with you. It’s a good entry point pricing.

Additionally, a democratic president means a push towards greener initiatives.
Bears are fuk. They need to unleash trunisky and let him throw.
Stimulus checks started coming mid April. Got mine April 14. Had I invested $1200 in Tesla April 14, it’d be worth $6,228 today.
Have you seen the ep9? Wowsers
No shit. This will benefit Hyundai and Canoo (who designed/engineered the platform) than it will Apple.
Never trusted them mother fuckers
[deleted]
Bro I don’t have all day give me something I can read in <30 seconds with a ticker in it
Watching it ping pong at limit down was interesting to say the least
Reds are raiding WSB. Third or fourth one today.
Golden Corral
Teslas are for soy boys
Idiot bears. Unlimited QE means we have not quite green, semi green, green, and bloody fucking green.

We’re currently semi green.
SPAC CITY
Beyond Meat 🤡 🤡 🤡
Agree. We should all boycott LaChoy.
nasdaq -0.02% bulls filing for bankruptcy
Wow what happened to the free market of ideas? Seems kinda hypocritical
Is im🍑ment bad for the market?
Just forget it.  Tried shorting it got burned
Asher Roth's career should be a lesson to everyone not to enjoy college too much.
Oh yes
[deleted]
They ain't got none
They could probably say they're in partnership with a guy who owns a Tesla and the stock will skyrocket lol
Your money is already gone champ.
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/01/08/pickup-trucks-dominate-americas-10-best-selling-vehicles-of-2020.html
Both
Imagine thinking the economy and the stock market are the same
Spelling was has and is always been poor
[deleted]
Nah RBLX to the fucking moon 🚀🚀
Well that’s convenient for everyone trying to pump it as a Stripe merger when everyhings pointing to it not going that way. Theres no law about them talking about going public, and the founders keep saying they have no intentions of doing that anytime soon. Can you show me something that points to it being Stripe aside from you wanting that to be the case?
[deleted]
What’s your definition for long term? I think ICLN has more room to run with the current administration.
For those seeing this odd colour on futures, please send an IT ticket to your broker's technical support. Should be resolved within next 4 hours.
Tim Tebow could have been even better than Taysom Hill.  Instead he is swinging at curve balls in minor league baseball.
ARKK
RemindMe! 1 year
that better be 100k and not 100.  Knowing this sub the other scenario is very likely!
Here I am all three fml with a small dick too.
had to stop somewhere. :P
leave it in your far away place that you cant reach
Killing communists is self defense.
Turn on the color filters and make it black and white
Ha, nothing should be off the table. This has been a crazy year. I just can see many deciding to wait on the sidelines until the rhetoric on both sides settles down a bit.
I mean, it’s one Tesla call Michael. What could it cost, $10?
Ok but NIO to the moon
Smells like vagina in here
Only if you like money
Lol million dollar condo. Can never escape this stuff
No i totally understand that! And thank you for saying that! I just don't want to live in an echo chamber and think it should be taken note of. I just want the information and different perspectives available. But besides all that GME to the freaking moon!
Arkk
That’s how I feel about my TSLA stock
Thought we all were
In a month
Lebron flexing his Hummer EV
Shares outstanding bro
Did you read that dd on nio. Shit is hitting $100
Tesla gap down take Nio with it.
CHINA NUMBA TWELVE

TAIWAN NUMBA ONE
Tlry give me a 15% day baby
Uh, getting people to pay for extended warranties is a major profit making scam.
[deleted]
I am now inspired to look at the discussion on yahoo finance for Apple and amazon.
[removed]
Water futures mooning
Bears praying this holds for 14 hours. Sad
BUT I GOT 144% CHANCE OF LOSING THEN
Y
So Trul or Msos?
Bigly green!!!
So prob won’t touch tesla till like Wednesday. What’s a move for tomorrow? Nio calls after morning sell?
Mordor
Guys, I love you, you're very special
39 billion market cap with only 28 million available shares
They are both right. Tsla will hit 1k. Drop to around 600...then bull run to over 2k by the end of the year ✌️
Graduated last month, with 10k in loans, might have put the last k in robinhood specifically GME. 🚀 🚀 🚀
Anyone buying calls on SRPT
No one ever stops to thank the bears that wrote those sweet call options for you.   They died for our gains
[deleted]
positions or get reported
Google Quantitative easing and its effects retard. Equities go up, rich get richer, poor people get priced out of the housing market
Bears are NPCs, they've been bleeding for a whole season and yet they're still around, not extinct
When the thots are giving investment advice you know the top is in
I don’t think raising the min wage will affect Tesla stock at all.
What's an fd?
They only like NIO and TSLA cars.
It’s already down 1.4 % so another 3.3 is realistic
Lmfao. Dude is about to get a similar flair to yours.
Tesla broke all times high on market drops last week
It’s not, I have done and got fucked by calendar spread with volatile stocks.

You are collecting little premium on monthlies and let’s say you get caught in one of the months that Fubo decides to run up to 60 , while you are selling 45 monthly against leap 25. You either make 50% on that whole trade or merely break even.

Happened to me on BABA & CVAC
Yes coomer it will
[deleted]
apparently they likely rolled a lot of their Jan puts to Feb
Betches love chipotle
How hard is nio gonna be flat?
Futes stabilizing, green incoming
[deleted]
Bro we need a crash to wipe all these people out. Everybody is a fucking expert in this market.
It could double then crash, and they would both be right
Does anyone have assassins creed valhalla? Worth it? I was super disappointed with Odyssey, wondering if this is worth it.
👋🏼 dumdum, the market is forward looking. If F trucks werent selling, we wouldnt even be talking.
Spoil me the ending please, I’m a WSB dweller I obviously have strictly no appetite in doing research on my own.
Jokes on you bears. All my money is tied up in SPACs that have been decoupled from the general market
[deleted]
Lol they didn’t tho
The biggest problem is self-hosting. If Reddit kicks WSB off then AWS/Azure/GCP would absolutely kick it off too. At that point you're stuck at someone's colo or hosting it overseas which adds latency and then you're at the hands of yet another government...

I don't know what the "real" traffic is of WSB, 1.8M followers and 32K online right now, that's a fuckload of server hardware for an interactive forum.
Lots of good ways to expect quadruple your money and you go for company "midway to the moon". Oh baby!
I’m glad I found y’all. instead of being mad at everything going on now I look to profit no matter what the outcome is. Like Cramers bitch ass says. There is always a bull market somewhere
My cousin was talking about how he got into option trading and made 1k last week, saying its super easy. Looks like tomorrow is his first red day, I wonder if he'll be a little quieter
Alright, to start in line with this sub’s autism, should we place Puts on NIO?
Means more reason for it to be green
Have been selling puts at the 485 strike for this exact reason, closed out my positions for close to max gain, not touching it again until a confirmed trend shows up
Try explaining the beauty of SPY 0DTEs on any other sub, they'll internally combust and call you a vegetable
That we have to fuck the bears even harder
The leaves have fallen and the crisp fall air fills the valley. The mother bear lifts her nose in the air, sensing the impending winter to come. She creates a home with in the cave, prepared and warm for her and her Cubs,  while the bulls in the field are left to freeze starve and die Alone in the coming months.
[deleted]
That's why Covid is here to do the job(or create the job rather) for you, aka Boomer Remover.

Once the better-paid herd has been thinned, millennials will get the chance at a livable wage income.

So stop the moping and whining, Snowflake.
They actually have really good articles
tf is a stock?

&#x200B;

and I bought PLUG on loss-porn, that's the only DD I trust
I'm ugly and short but have a rich family, so that's nice
[deleted]
How is Chipotle stock worth $1,402 a share? The food is mediocre at best...will never understand.
[deleted]
Debt, it’s all about debt. VW, GM, Ford, they’re all saddled with mountains of debt and stuck with tons of useless assets that drain cash. In today’s market, VW would be valued at a trillion if they were somehow magically debt free. The debt hampers any attempts to raise capital, makes the company harder to move away from traditional cash flows.
I was moving my money into some other meme stonks. I'm happy with my choice though, I'm up more from those positions than I wouldve been if i held*

*as of right now
(Serious) how the fuck do I stop being addicted to my phone... even when I try to “put it away” or out of sight, im almost subconsciously reaching for it and trying to find it all the time.. it fucking sucks
It’s actually very bearish.
Same, it's more like Chai-knees. 

Edit: Chia? The shitty spicy coffee.
I know right 


When everyone bull  the bears eat
Will be like any CCP run social media.  Only one side of narrative. Ban for opposing views.
I already own TSLA shares
Yeah like 2% if your lucky
Circuit breakers at 11 EST which means you still have time to purchase put options
thought he would've bought a Nikola One or Fisker or Canoo
I am a big fan of CRLBF (I didn't include it above because this is meant to be more of an intro and I didn't want to throw too many tickers). Of the biggest operators, CRLBF is arguably the most undervalued and could gain the most from the huge numbers out of Illinois. It will be interesting to see what they can achieve in their branding given their presence in California. 

I'll admit I don't know enough about Colombia Care (CCHWF) to be confident in my opinion. I know they are viewed as a high performing Tier 2 name but I haven't looked deeply at the footprint and strategy.
Whelp there’s my 382 calls for spy expiring tomorrow down the drain
Playing stocks is weird. I'm actually going to bed early to wake up early and get a grip on the news before open. Actually getting to work early to continue that. 

Being a degenerate has its benefits
Love CRLBF. Vertically integrated with easy capital injections from real estate sales when needed. Great branding with multiple product lines and excellent online user experience.
lmao. BRB gotta conduct some business meeting with some Russian oligarchs over a Big Mac
nvda better do something this week. been holding this bitch forever
Honestly with 2 months of runway I could see these being ITM at some point. After which Tesla moons back to 1000.
Everything that goes down must come up retard!
Tesla can only go up. 

It is known
I like the concept. $9B and a likely pump means I'm out for the short term
Lol
Stock goes up on Elon’s tweet -> value investing is dead for now
The drilling is over, back to the pump indefinitely
Ded
Why would any government not learn from the mistakes of other states?
Futures red what does it mean?
because I went cash gang on Friday 👌
Gtfo sinophobe.
Intelligence is relative, its all about luck.
The purple emoji before the 'down crazy' is meant to be phallic in nature, suggesting that she enjoyed an above-average number of intimate encounters while at school.
Same bro, homemade green chile pizza 👍
Spy Literally rocketed almost 2% from Friday low. This just some price discovery shit. Probably launch off 3800 once it hits
I agree he should sell some calls. Let the volatility decide his fate.
Bro do you live in the ghetto? Wtf
I meant I just saw the actual original clip somewhere on Reddit earlier this morning
Thanks for believing my post will move the market 😎 also I am always wrong. So definite buy 🚀
please elaborate sir
I don’t have options settings. Just the option to downgrade to level 2
So I’ve been seeing a lot of trailers for this show that has Queen Latifah as a badass ex-cia black ops vigilante.

My question: why not cast *literally anyone else*?

I don’t hate Queen Latifah as an actress but her general appearance and demeanor seem like the opposite of what you want for that role.
i jus bought leaps yo why u exit
Intra day trade ?
Uh oh... https://www.instagram.com/reel/CJelOn0H1Ki/?igshid=m8l3r90t5fyb
Mango is never right
Funny thing is, if you held out to September it would've paid off for you
Hope I can still get in on some TSLA calls
https://i.imgur.com/Lyd8DTB.jpg
So it has, ever
I’m about to become part of the 46%. 

Feels so good. Two months to go.
How does playboy get a $400MM market cap lol
[deleted]
Biden saw his shadow. Six more weeks of tendies
Up or down?
"Best" would represent the majority's consensus though.
So bullish in here, man I'm scared. Hold me
Fords ugly as fuck.
Fax dude I been beefing with these fuckers since I first noticed them in October

It actually does seem to work if you comment Tiananmen Square massacre or Winnie Xi Pooh back at them though
You're gonna get gaped buying puts on Tesla.
You mean Tesla’s are going to be cheap enough for the poors to afford and have hobo sex in em. The future is now!!!!!!
Think we heading down, chief
Bears are loud but gay. Usually loudest and gayest on Sunday nights. SPY 385 EOW
I’m right there with ya, OP. 

I can tell we grew up in the same era, and I feel exactly like you. Between the Brand and RC, I know it’s gonna do well. If we have to hold for a few years, so be it.  

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌖💎✋

Edit: not enough @ 17.30
BULLS AND SHAMBLES
nights are always red cuz bears move at night but the thing is you cant sell options at night ... retards
Wow 2%
Yeah I’m autistic
hopefully dips at open so i can get in before it shoots up
If market drops tsla should lead the drop and puts will print
TSLA $27,000,000,000,000,000 on the Zimbabwe Exchange
[deleted]
it's mooning
okay but i have MT $30C 2/19, so lets hope that rockets up
Yeah. Affirm is going to be great. The success of Affirm is tied to the success of the companies it’s partnered with. It’s partnered with Wal-Mart.
Burry will be right, eventually. He will lose a ton of money before he’s right. Can’t wait for Christian bale to reprise his role in the big short 2
Market looks 2 weeks ahead right? Also what big drama could happen between now and then besides the most powerful man in the world throwing a nuclear tantrum?
[deleted]
Red
All in on UVXY shares, feeling gucci
Samsung builds literal tanks, though.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/K9_Thunder
He should have YOLO'ed the profits and lose everything
you serious?
[deleted]
I just saw on WeBull comments that everyone should sell APPLE to protest the Parlor shit. 
They all can fuck off. My leaps don’t give a fuck, and I’m buying up any dips this week. Hyundai and Apple confirmed signing this quarter. I’m expecting 200 by May. 🐢🐍🦎🦖
160c 7/21
200c 1/23
Up 90 PS5s in 12 weeks. Thanks SNE!! 

72 to 104 and been riding calls all the way.
On what news😂
90% cash? Holy shit. Lol and here I was thinking I was going to be making big moves with 30K in my emergency fund.
how did you find out about all of that tho. honestly curious. great info btw.
👍
Puts on getting married a second time, let alone once
Mods calling people shills is pretty funny considering not too long ago he who shall not be named and the wsb mods literally colluded to make a fake acct to hype his book and tried to scam wsbers with their shitty "trading school".
Lol whT?
y red ?
I can’t speak to those subs, all I meant by ‘truest’ was that you’re not getting scrolling through endless amounts of comments shilling the same 4 or 5 tickers. There’s plenty of ‘actual’ conversation, whether or not that’s with CCP in disguise
Yup that would make sense. They could be outsourcing cheap labor from other countries and paying them hourly to do this. This means they can easily get a bunch of people from different time zones to be doing this.
this is one autistic document
Now, after this critical post, the CCP will learn and be EVEN MORE careful. Everyone be cautious.
[deleted]
Trump was just the catalyst. Twitter will serve as a place for politics into the future. Just not violent politics
[removed]
1/22 700p
>	you idiot

You know what sub you’re in right?
Tesla will drop 2% prob then jump 10%
[removed]
May I remind you that we opened last Monday red and then went on a crazy bull run the rest of the week?
Waiting on Canadian LP's to moon when MORE is passed while MSO's moon when SAFE or STATES is passed... truly retarded.
I came here to comment the same *smh*
You must have been an evil person in your past life
First time?
Less than 1% down is not a crash. Lmao
Can I ask why? I follow Chamath really heavily. Not looking to argue, genuinely curious of your opinion.
Imagine thinking the entire economy is that simple
I found it under investing - options settings
Zapdos
It’s not
I feel personally insulted.
If the market was logical it would be green til inauguration, then very green afterwards.
Hey quick thought can we post Venmos in here or is that a nono?
I don’t even check futures on Sunday nights anymore because “Stonks only go up” and “calls automatically print”. Let’s goooooo!!!!
Because who actually likes Monday’s
There is no tesla dip
Nvda is boring me. Do something fun or ill dump you for fds I swear
Lmao exactly, this guy thinks it’s 2005 and you can start up a blog in your basement that people will read. It all leads back to the tech establishment and it’s clear that if you don’t align with their views you will be shouldered out one way or another
Always have some vix for a nice hedge
I bought my first position for $7k @ $256, then another for $10k or so at $228. Sold the latter at 240, only to rebuy at 232 and then sell again at 240 because it seemed a real hard resistance. The stock then went back to 220s last week, and I didn't rebuy because of the specific mention of BABA and Tencent being removed from American exchanges.

I was okay with the risk that came with VIEs, the CCP, Ant IPO halt/restructuring, delisting law... but when you keep piling on the bad news and there seems to be no good news coming, you gotta cut the losses. So I sold my $256 position at $239.

I need some good news to rebuy my original position... Not sure when that's gonna happen, if at all.
He already had the car. Turned 10k into 100, cashed out, and bought custom plates
[deleted]
*goes up 1%
Yikesss imagine thinking tesla will drop 100 a share
Half the posts here are pumps with no new information
Low iq? Dude Reagan literally had dementia, his brain was leaking out of his ears by the end of his term
No I meant these citizens:

https://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2020/07/long-term-survey-reveals-chinese-government-satisfaction/

93% satisfaction for the central government, aka the CCP.
I remember being a bear back in August... guys, it will not happen. Just accept it.
PTON
So this is where the chinnaman got his NIO pump
It's under options trading setting
Sounds like he thinks that all the Chamath IPO(x) SPACs are the same and doesn’t realize they’re separate and that IPOE is only targeting sofi?
I swear if tesla doesn't drop at least 5% tomorrow
Thanks for your comment. Many of the large companies are expected to grow by a CAGR of about 20-30% yearly for the next decade. 

It comes down to a few factors in my opinion: limited licenses and products/branding. 

Several states put a cap on the number of licenses available for cultivation and retail. This helps curb the risk of oversupply. 

Secondly, the market is increasingly appreciating derived products rather than the dry flower. Just like alcohol can be simple, but also expands into a variety of premium and nuanced offerings, it will be similar for cannabis with edibles, beverages, concentrates etc. 

Brands are starting to distinguish themselves and develop offerings based on lab verified content of active ingredient and terpene profiles. Although some will choose to stick with their local dealer, many will appreciate having a variety of offerings for different experiences.
Partially correct. I’m a degenerate gambler who just happens to be in some boomer plays at the moment, hence this post seeking help get back off the wagon.
I was chased down by an emu once.... he was not happy
W
Calls on silicon
Hads to be a troll
[removed]
when is $CCL earning gonna be released and why are they 3 weeks late??
Nice work! Love to see it 🙌
Had they invested their $1200 stimulus into Tesla on March 18, it’d be worth $13,416 now.
Lol throw balding into that and you have the trifecta
If this was a sane market we’d be trading sideways until Inauguration Day, but who the hell knows?
Just me that thinks tomorrow will open green?
The bears are down 14-3
Hahahaha
They're not trying to lose money
Enjoy losing all your premium 😂😋
Why is the market crashing monday?
You’re sharing a 2 month old article and think
It will randomly impact the market tomorrow? Jesus, I feel bad for your account.
Anyone jumping in on Affirm this week?
Starting to get alittle pissed at the chinese...first the corona virus and now they directly attack our wsb? Too far.
TSLA is the market’s Dionysian element
>	I just scrolled by "best" for 10 min

Well there’s your problem, imagine not sorting by new
Should’ve yoloed GME. He would’ve been a trillionaire in a matter of years!
Literally been happing for as long as I remember. It's baffling you have to keep reminding them that futures don't matter. And from my experience, futures always indicate the opposite of the next day.
Long term play for sure
Who reads playboy anymore? Porn is free on the internet
[deleted]
Who else is excited as fuck for the market to open tomorrow?
Lol so many bitter tesla bears
Not in bold text though, 

Sorry that’ll be a downvote from me
It was at 566 only 20 days ago. I could see it hitting 500 by EOW if things get crazy
Futes flatter than my first wife
T-rex
**CALLS ON FORD -NEW F-150 DESIGN GOING TO SELL**

* **Ford’s F-Series pickup remained America’s best-selling vehicle for the 39th straight year. It’s also the industry’s top-selling truck for 44-consecutive years.**
* **The three top-selling pickups accounted for about 13% of the 14.5 million vehicles estimated to have been sold last year in the U.S.**
Let’s do this Ryan! I got me a pair of moon 🥾 
🚀 🌚 👩🏻‍🚀
Go back to r/sino they wank you off
Yep; tomorrow and maybe Tuesday, it's gonna dip, buy the sale and expect TSLA to hit 1000 by EOW
Sweet thanks man! Definitely gonna try that.
Uh oh... https://www.instagram.com/reel/CJelOn0H1Ki/?igshid=m8l3r90t5fyb
legend you will not be forgotten
Wish you the best, hope this bodes well for you
u/cashflow_ the type of guy that pulls his pants all the way down to his ankles to pee standing up
a new show with queen latifah

who the fuck greenlights this shit
Sometimes bad ideas have good results and good ideas have bad results.
I buy Tesla FD cuz I don’t hate money. 
Here! Are you happy ?
Unionization was killed by corporations, not by lack of communication between workers.
Bruh how the fuck did you leave out Twin Peaks
🍏 predictions? Long as fuck shares for 1/15 covered calls I thought expired tomorrow
he hates money
Where at?
Delusional
Turn that 6 upside down and you might be on to something
I don't doubt you that it's free money but idk how I feel about needing to drop over a grand on a single call. Was hoping for something for a couple hundred tops. 

I'm trying to scrounge up some $$$ for a down payment on a house so I don't want to tie up TOO much money on options
I feel the people who trade for a living have more than enough fuck you money on the side to not care about what’s in the market
No but he sure did love other people doing it, so much that he sold crack to black Americans to get enough money to buy weapons for far right terrorists in nicarguaca
In that case it’s clearly a job.
but m'uh calls!

standard\^\^
Yup. Small caps do much better when spy is down
Italy can’t even interfere in its own elections.
fuck this tradition
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD AND ALL THAT IS TENDIE SOMEONE PLEASE GIVE US AN ICLN PLAY
Monday Tesla pumps, tuesday tesla pumps
you're retarded to buy puts on the almighty printer
I gained almost 3 thousand dollars in less than 2 days
CMC 25 at open
I really don’t understand his argument here. Sure Elon’s net worth has grown almost 10x if Bernie’s stats are correct but that is just a result of Tesla growing, it’s not like Musk now has 200 billion sitting in his bank account. Why do people like Bernie imply that Musk is some money hoarder that is negatively impacting the average American, does he really propose taxing Musk’s shares in his own company? Or should we just not let companies grow and get big? Am I missing his argument here or is Bernie just a complete fucking retard?
Isn’t the idea of a pump and dump why we are all here?? This isn’t /r/investing, we are professional retards
If burry yells bubble for 5 years he’s bound to be right eventually. He’s on the losing end of his Tesla short, probably in the millions by now so he’s praying for a correction so he can regain. They’ll both probably be right, eventually.
Cause China and CCP suck on actual dog dicks that why. It's worse cause they pretend they don't have a humanitarian crisis
Seeing the euro fall is making me hard, I am recovering money
6% down on S&P500 and I’ll sell my puts. 90% cash, 10% puts, after a 69% gain in 2020 it feels good to be liquid. If market keep rising I’ll buy more puts, I started last week and will raise puts % of portfolio to 15% and rest cash. Saw this shit in 2000, and 2007. We wont crash like then - but you can be damn sure that all of these newbs in the markets today at all-time highs are going to be crushed if they don’t realize markets also go down.

“Markets take the stairs up, and the ELEVATOR down.”
-some guy with more money than me
It's such an idiot stance he takes...

Like oh yeah let's target ELON FUCKING DADDY MUSK!! As he single handedly carries the earth forward. Electric cars +1 Clean energy +1 FUCKING MARS!!!🚀🚀🚀
Big day tomorrow
SO SAYING DUMB SHIT GET UPVOTES HERE? 
nkla 30 EOW
I genuinely doubt that those dumbfucks at GenZedong and Sino knows anything about the stock market
Nah, there’s pumpers for every ticker. If TSLA released this, trust me there would be 100x the posts with no bans. The fishy part are the bearish posts like yours, because most likely you tards want a cheaper entry 😂
Still can’t here wtf. No correlation to account size either apparently. Idk what the determination is based on.
bulls  ☽ 

bears ☭
They should make a really retro looking thing like a mini.
[deleted]
it gave me a prompt when I opened up the app, im guessing a select few possibly
[deleted]
Why didnt you buy tesla when it was cheaper? “Idk, seemed like a bad idea at the time”
Up. Vote.
[removed]
What if mango is right and we drill to hades when sleepy is sworn in? What if this is all some huge elaborate MM pump?
Monday red. Tuesday to friday green. Dejavu from last week.
just wait a few years it'll be a 60-100 by 2022/2023
Red is temporary, green is forever.
Brought to you by stonks only go up gang.
Also AMD91P for this Friday.
Green as the nickelodeon slime zone
Imagine investing in oil when Democrats control all branches of the government 🤡🤡🤡
Then there's 3b boomers in the world
!RemindMe 1 week
opens red. mid-morning news confirms pence is in fact still scared of his own shadow. closes green.
I only use Trump because he is a very easy example. Like I said, I could give less of a fuck about the politics surrounding the issue. But now it’s pretty undeniable  the tech giants are more powerful than the government. How we continue from here is unknown
GME GME GME
Are you kidding, I just scrolled by "best" for 10 min and I recall there was zero bear comments around. Only tesla-nio-pltr-icln trilliongazillion calls and whatnot.
[deleted]
March level crash tomorrow
ahahaaaa. fucking nancy!
I dumped it because there were better stocks in the market at the moment
What are futures
Monday is D-day

Bulls are too busy praying to make comments
[deleted]
hmm sounds risky
rip this guy
Jesus Christ this post alone proves how much of an absolute moron this fucking loser is.
Holy shit that is autistic
You’ve had months you idiot
Momentum and belief in Mama Cathie
We’re gonna need it
Drill team 6 activated
is his ass in jail yet?
I'm overleveraged for this but I really don't care.  Being apart of an idea is the real gain
How does the market perceive this Hyundai news
RH has blessed us with 0dte options.
Yeah they allways do this “the bubbles popped markets crashing” shit
The all time Nikkei 225 chart scares me
What’s up with that March 18- Jan 9th time frame. Most would say the year range? Classic pick and chose. Bernie should learn what wealth is too, maybe give up one of his 3 houses
how
Holding my nio calls til expiration 1/15 🚀🚀🚀
Repricing all that in for the 8th time
Havent seen a single GME comment on here yet, thank God. They were getting fucking annoying
Interesting, that's when the major city subreddits get brigaded. The baddies wait until everyone's asleep so that they don't get downvoted.
Why don’t I get them? 🥺
IPOE is already SoFi. Why wait until a ticker change lol
Ah fuck I was kinda bearish on TSLA but seeing so many people buying TSLA puts means I need to inverse them
If the Chicago Bears lose, is the market green tomorrow?
[deleted]
It doesn’t matter what Elon does or has TESLA ONLY GOES UP $1100 EOW
[deleted]
Is this another PLTR cuz I’m bout to drop a rack into ICLN and I just need to know if I’m going to be disappointed in advance

I’m making the play either way tho
If laundermant goes up, stonks go up. It’s that simple
GME 💎🙌 math3rfooker!
Wasn’t he wearing bull horns tho? A contrarian indicator perhaps... 🧐🤣
You can kiss that money goodbuye
#GMEgang

**HOLD THE LINE**

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌖💎✋
Good news, since dollar will become worthless with printers going “brrrrrrrrrrrr”, JNUG might be back on the menu boys
I think they said something about RC and $16
Thanks, because I’m still bag holding after I got shares at about $21 after the IPO at a ‘bargain’
why?
[deleted]
Sir this is a casino
Money...it was nice knowing you
haha. just being dumb. im holding 3/19 calls. currently at break even after last week's dump.
British pound.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/turtels_wb|[Why GOEV looks like a bargain rumour to buy right now.](https://redd.it/kuoksg)
/u/Goffyx|[Where is the Chinese autist DD on Nio?](https://redd.it/kuoqgu)
/u/kevinhkr|[VALE and MT tmrw 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀](https://redd.it/kuov6b)
/u/backcountryJ|[Calls on BETZ](https://redd.it/kuozxq)
/u/spool32|[NIO needs higher options strikes](https://redd.it/kupelb)
/u/ElonMuskSpaceX|[How are you autists comfortable buying weeklys with IV above 100% and not through spreads?](https://redd.it/kupfv2)
/u/onemanstrong|[Bank of America raises NIO price to $70](https://redd.it/kupri0)
/u/brozene|[My Comprehensive NIO TA](https://redd.it/kupwyz)
/u/dkfnvhr|[Did anyone else ditch BABA, what were your concerns or why aren’t you concerned.](https://redd.it/kuqaoc)
/u/OneMillionRegrets|[Anyone watching Jaguar Health? (JAGX)](https://redd.it/kuq5fh)
/u/OneMillionRegrets|[Anyone watching Jaguar Health? (JAGX)](https://redd.it/kuq5fh)
Based on?
steel gang is chilling
Don Corleone would like a word with you
Rip
It’s better everything tank now when it doesn’t matter since it’ll be bought up to Valhalla by 9:30
Saw the videos too. By posting this stupid video I am not trying to prove that the cars don’t exist bla bla. All I am saying is ... tread carefully. Definitely feels like there force in play (even on this subreddit i.e this mornings post followed by the ban). These patters maaaybe an indication of something fishy in play. 

Honestly I was planning on buying this morning.
Good play
Oshkosh will get the USPS contract, to much political BS
my vix calls tmrw 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I had 1000 shares at $1.61. Sold at 2.05. I hate myself for it.
robinhood lets me do 0DTE now wtf
not sure
1/22 700p here
Bears are losing to the Saints. SPY 400 tmrw
People suck his commie cock up & down the street! He needs to go
Alibaba reminds me the risk of owning Chinese stocks. NIO is definitely popular and enticing but BABA gets me back to reality where their government makes you “disappear” for disagreeing with anything they do
This sub is wild. Already basing moves off of 56 minutes of Sunday futures
Yeah. Gotta have a correction before 1500
[removed]
I got it. My friend don’t. They probably only giving it to people who blow up their portfolios
TSLA 850p 3/19
Dont worry PLTR gonna catch some "Patriots" here real soon.
Mods
If it dips, calls for ernings are 100% play!
It's easy: just don't buy a Chinese stocks.
I have tlry and Icln, does red futures concern me?
Apple yolo?
amen
You're a hero.
Also because we put our money where our mouth is. The retards in other subs can bitch and moan all day long, but ask them to yolo their life savings on one of their stupid beliefs and they're quick to run
Go be a CCP dog somewhere else.
It’s their fault they are poor. Should’ve bought TSLA calls. Being poor is a choice at this point
[removed]
That tard who stormed the Capital dressed up as a shaman gave us a sign. It’s 🐻 season.
I think I’ll get the vaccine just to get out of work to day trade 😂
Y r futures bloody red
Facebook is a cesspool of boomers and bots anyway
My portfolio is basically 100% Autistic. Pure luck.
My boy Elon is an Uncle Tom

I do got a dumb friend named Jack Ma

Who shoots himself in his business with his own gun

I did get jumped by all six of you pump and dumps

And Winnie Xi Pooh did fuck my account

#I'm still standing here screaming, "Fuck the CCP World!"
So you understand my point of the grey area. We have moved from the previous censorship of objective calls to violence into new territory. Change in regulation=more censorship. They’re scrubbing more and more off the bathroom walls and eventually people are going to assume that what you don’t scrub off is what you stand for. If you scrub nothing it’s clear that your establishment doesn’t align with the writing even if it is subjectively wrong
TSLA $705P 1/15
[deleted]
Oh PLTR...there will be blood tomorrow..
Really?.... Really?

&#x200B;

PACB is worse than NKLA? Gtfoh
absolutely not
In Asia people hang out in mobile phone stores and banks that also double as member-exclusive cafes because BRAND and FREE WIFI.
Cant believe that strike exists
Not gonna lie, if we pump at the end before conference start as happened last time I think I Might sell half mu possition to try to buy the possible dip to average down. Worst case scenary I Will Lost only half the up
Same but ill cut my wrists
Omfg futures are so fkn red I could have been confusing them with 🟢
fist on chest no fear. do a 3 day hard lock. rewire your brain. then come back with restrictions
There’s nothing wrong being gay unless you are being a gay bear
Gonna buy the dick out of the TSLA dip
God bless America
A vanity license plate?
Chamath is a meme. Just go look at his tweets lmao
If there’s a dip
What are your price targets for the 3 companies you mentioned? And what are your positions? Curious if you think taking a stab at some options makes any sense
WTF?  What is this strange color next to futures?

no matter, it'll be fixed by tomorrow's open
At least do 2 months. 2 week expiry is asking to get hurt. Ik from experience
Hell yeah.
Only if you sell
In this thread? Crazy I know. 😝
whats next in line for the next world reserve currency?

gynese yuan?

euro?

british pound?
Wtf is BLOK?
TSLA puts? You burn a lot of energy during sex and you'll be taking it up the ass to avoid bankruptcy.
only 2%.
Only thing that will keep this green is JPOW. What more good news is there in the short term that can come out? Vaccines nope. Elections nope. Stimmy? Mayybe
1000c? Go higher and get those 1500c
I shouldn’t have bought FB and FSLY calls on Friday 🤦‍♂️ 😰😰😰
The funny thing is I bet he drives a Tesla
If Tesla drops tomorrow I’m changing my name to Richy Rich
Thanks for playing
[deleted]
You assholes are making me nervous owning Nio now.  Mr.CCP just did the opposite of what he wanted. Makes me think I should sell.
You guys downvote the crap out of me every time I state my weariness of Chinese owned and operated corps. There’s a reason half the world is on the verge of a trade war with them. CCP propaganda is real folks.
God I'd hate to be a trader for a living
I heard steel. That’s bullish. GME 🚀🚀🚀
??
People should try to take Trumps name and face off this issue because he is so inflammatory. Look at what these companies are doing and realize how terrifying it is they wield this power.
Buy nio on the dip?
As far as I know he was referring to a disruption in the US energy sector by Tesla. But a 25k car in the next years will surely be a big disruption as well.
you're racist as fuck
Let’s hope that’s not the case
Isn't Sunday the lowest day with weekend lag?
You guys think a $15 entry point is coming up for GME this week? I really wanna buy more and that's my PT
🤡🤡🤡
Bro nobody cares about your politics here
Green as red 🌶 in a Subaway!!!
urfucked
So tsla puts tmrw
Mods flair me with gangrene you pussys!
[removed]
Extremely based
K > G / W > Q > F
Fellas is it gay to lose money on calls?
Had to take a break from the Facebook idiots saying MANGO HAS INVOKED THE INSURRECTION ACT!

To see you idiots saying
GME DIAMOND HANDS 💎🙌🚀🚀🚀

Godspeed you fucks.
Twitter without gay mods
Thanks, now make one for all the gains here
last time everyone thought TSLA was going to plummet i bought a put and lost $1000, this time i’m holding my calls and reaping the benefits, smd 🌈🐻
Fuck yes
So if it comes down to fair value you’ll buy a bunch of shares? Almost sounds reasonable
it’s over for bul
My only critique for the future, can u put subtitles for the words they are actually saying that you are keeping in context so i dont have to watch with sound?(like when arnie was talking a lot) 

My smooth brain can't process the subtitles while they're talking and it just messed up the whole experience for me :(
K
what about AZZ
Yessir
SPY 360 tomorrow confirmed
if you're not a shill then why you shilling? as simple as that
I have call debit spreads lol, hopefully we are fine
I guess we drilling tomorrow
Like an LLC
[deleted]
did robinhood finally add 0dte contracts??
We know. 

White Castle!
Why? Whats the catalyst here? Im fucking IN
Mid-twenty's and pretty much the same. I clear enough to comfortably max a Roth 401k and Roth IRA with comfortable money left over. Got an engineering degree from an instate public ivy type-school that was effectively free even with no financial aid. I live frugally in a decent 1-bedroom apartment and don't go out to eat or take trips.

I really don't understand why other people struggle so much. Just...get a decent job and don't spend a stupid amount of money.
LP's can sell nothing before they pass the MORE act. They will pass the SAFE or STATES act waaaaay before they pass MORE. So for the moment the MSO's have the advantage of actually making money, having possible access to capital, possibly getting a massive tax decrease and having a moat for the foreseeable future. Autists should invest in MSO's not LP's.
Futes bloody
Can you elaborate?  A SPAC has one target... in this case IPOE > SoFi.   What other holdings are you talking about??
Is it true Italian interference in US election?
95% theta 5% degenerate FD’s is the best way to play the game
R u in northern VA?
You have to do it that way. deduct office space and work lunches...
You just saw Elon celebrating being the richest man in the world! He’s off to design his own Iron Man suit.
He just hates successful people
I am also retarded.
Holy shit I finally have 0dte on RH
Just felt JPow’s money printer at the Laundromat, shit went up 20 cents per wash cycle
Ok so a guy is trying and apparently successfully garnishing hype for NIO and we decide to not ride to the top with him why???
ARKG is the future dude, Cathie fucks. The bounce back off 93 to 107 was a beautiful time. 120 by feb strike.
That's a solid argument I admit
Srsly?
Far out options
[deleted]
He already had it
It’s not stopping
On the options, which is what the OP posted. Why say stupid shit unnecessarily?
Holy shit 😂
I hope not.

Otherwise we may as well keep rolling round in cars that use fossil fuel.
Imagine this guy just put that money into an etf instead an waited 10 years.
Yeah I keep buying when I see all the gain porn. So... I buy when everybody already made a shit load of money and is about to cash out.

...

I should probably revise my strategy here...
G-Unit
100% of my portfolio is in PACB and ARKG weeklies. Wish me luck boys! 😬🙏
Quoting 0-60 times like an import model lol.
If steel is green on a red day. Expect for 🚀
During the next riots.
VIX holy shit
Meaning they are burning more cash due to the increased demand, they have more work then they can handle and it’s cutting into their margins according to the last qrt ER results.

Long term very bullish, just need them to catch up on delivery’s
My guy i have $45k and only $30k is exposed to the market. Ive gone from $5k-$31k so far investing.

my gf has like $3k in savings total atm. she is just interested in investing and trying to figure things out. 

This isnt an attempt to yolo away her last dime boomer.
ICLN does not care about spy
It's gonna give good returns at some point probably
Broh’s it’s not so bad
Fuck that piece of shit. He can get his own tendies
There was 250 000$ cash lining the walls of that TESLA stand
I'm not gonna whack around the bush here guys

bear r fuk by open
lol ur so mad that trump got banned off twitter
They could have a big group of lots of people hired
Europoors trade one ten euro bill for five 1 euro coins because there’s more of them
Nio is the biggest meme ever- no fucking chance it grows into a real company.
[removed]
Just wait until Japan opens. New covid strain baby. Spy 300p 1/19
Same I got 1/15 
920c
[deleted]
Fair point. Just to put things into context:

Global automobile market: 80 million units /y
Global smartphone market: > 1200 million units /y
Global PC market: > 250 million units /y

In terms of raw number of units, automobile is a small market.

Likely higher margin, and they may be able to pull off some recurring revenue (software subscription).
K
Looks like no fun ERs this week
Initial dip in the morning but then has a 5-10% day.
Peloton and Beyond Meat
Let’s goooo
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuffos/its_the_circle_of_life_wall_st_bets_edition/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
A wise CEO once said "if there's a dip, cock in ass buy it fast". Exactly what I'll be doing tomorrow
Same
I bought 50 at 117.
Cases and deaths ATH let's fucking go
G
Y’all feel that 🌈 in your booty?
[deleted]
I like your confirmation bias.

I have MT 30C for 2/19/2021
Buying calls without looking at iv, I sure do
Like a hedgefund?
Hey man I’m just trying it out again. Back in early February I was meditating every day and reciting shit in hopes of making tendies. Made big tendies and then stopped doing the meditations because I thought I was the shit and I stopped making tendies. Just made that connection so I figured I’d try it again. If it works it works. If not then I get some calm time
Get focus lock

Changed my life and strengthened my 💎 🙌🏽
Not sure, didn’t see that in the S1. He can hold as much as he wants of the SPAC. The SPAC must however buy 80% of the shares of whatever company with its money
nah satoshi actually works for cia
As long as semiconductors moon this week, idc bout futures
Gettin chilly. Starting to snow harder. Getting redder and redder, paw still ain’t come back from huntin, starting to worry. Better start diggin the grave, b’fore the ground freeze up.
If my TSLA 1/15 $1060 and $1150 calls aren't green by EOD tomorrow, I think I'll just cut my losses. Theta is insane.
He already had it
This guy needs to fuck off
Ackman announcing tomorrow morning
.14?? Lmao might as well call it green
GME announces EV powered by reused electronics and 2nd hand games, in partnership with TSLA.
Honestly I wonder if steel will ever care if tomorrow is a red day. 

If, god willing, tomorrow is red for steel, I’m snagging some more 3/18 and 6/18 calls.
Bullish!
I hope you meant 460
Blast “Fortunate Son” right back at them.
I was told Stocks only go up.
Even with apha and tilray merging and buying sweet water brewery?
There's always money in the TESLA stand
[deleted]
He already had it
does pacb even have leaps ?
Pocket change.
Not sure why nobody on this sub wants to make money both ways lol you can make big daddy dick gains within hours on well timed puts.
Way off on that one
So you are only 5% 🏳️‍🌈
Watch out for Daimler’s EQ S
[deleted]
Psth will still be green right guys..
These will print!
Good input,  know what to do 🚀🚀🚀
I don't mess with stocks that incur Xi's wrath. Too risky. It could yield high gains or realllyyy bad losses.
[deleted]
I’m upvoting all the bear posts so they keep throwing money into puts 😂
Strike?
I’m assuming by this you mean to put the entire $5k on GOEV
No shit comment stands
I’m super heavy on SLV $20 calls for Jan 21, 2022, already up a good amount, but this will be an interesting year
It drops 1.5% every Sunday? Wtf is wrong with silver
This one hurts
That’s a year old lol foh
Tupac was wrong..  All Eyes on 9988.
If that happens I’m buying a metric butt ton of shares.
Don't kink shame him dude sheesh
You’re in ?
I went green on Friday and got out. I can always go back in, but I'd been holding for a while... In the red, so...
Around 8am tomorrow, futures will suddenly, SHARPLY begin rising upward. Your portfolio will turn green (unless you’re a bear) and it’ll be a great day.
Haha true. I’m gonna delete the app but I’ll still be online occasionally 🤘🏼
I hope so, I wanna jump in at a good price. I prefer my tendies with some aapl sauce.
Exactly what I've been looking for.  Thank you sir!!
Why aren’t we down 2% this is weird
[deleted]
[deleted]
bullish
Oh shit.
Guys, $SSPK. It’s cornered the entire market as a cannabis marketplace, is wildly profitable and is growing at 40% a year (top line). It also has a huge SaaS component, meaning it provides the business systems that help dispensaries operate. A cross between, Amazon, Yelp, and salesforce. 

When the gold rush happened, nobody mining for gold got rich. The people selling them the axes and shovels did...this is that type of play.
Really convenient for him to pick at March low lol
#NO MY ACCOUNT. I LOST IT ALL
Only $40 into it. If it goes down... Well it's my first lesson learned in the stock market. If it goes up though....
Classic bear trap

Every red day we had started with green futures

Bears r fuked as always
Children’s cartoons
He already had it
[deleted]
our time is coming bro. covid layin down the framework then people gonna see this is some valuable shit.
Ameripoors will choose to take the 0.9 mile journey instead of the 1km because its shorter
165 EOM
[removed]
How we feeling GME gang
Lol best one
Idk, seems like communism to me
NVDA NIO & PACB LEAPs and shares, should be another fun week.
does anyone with a bigger account day trade using an LLC
Use a safety pin.
Use the same method you would for choosing your next yolo... baba or pltr was my last hard choice and well......
Set time limits.  Android (and I think IOS) allows you to set timers for apps and screen time, helps keep yourself in check.
Keep watching $GRWG on my 02/26 $50c
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Why do people wanna lick someone's butthole? Idk but it gets me rock hard
Tomorrow is Monday January 11th, slow down a bit on pink pills, fam
One of the best
The sun rising is certainty and the market loves certainty. Guaranteed bull confirmed.
They are down .1%. Caps lock not needed.
Lol we dumping dumping
SPY $360
I'm sensing a brain on this one, careful around these parts...
Baba is being valued assuming shit continues to tumble. Any deviation on that makes this thing fly. This is where you see 1000% gain post or you get fucked on.
Twitter, but it'll be tits up by the time you're done reading this.
This is McDonald's
Doubt
So is it allowed to post positive things about Chinese stocks or only 🚀🚀🚀 posts about PLTR, TSLA, GME are ok?
Stonks only go up.
The signs of a top are all over the place. Some guy on here a couple days ago thought that he was “hedging” his TSLA shares by owning ARK calls. Ya know, the “ole hedge a long with another similar long”.
I'd be last in line for it on her most wild night and still be done in 30 seconds no cap
How about the great bear market of Jan 2020???
Just don't imagine and you won't be caught off guard
I don’t even care if tomorrow is green I’ll just get more puts for March lol
Company gave me stock options, about 25k USD last year. Went all in with 50% ATM 50% OTM instead of converting to shares.

So far so good!
I told you that in confidence! I’m suing
How can you look at chicago and think bears arent fuk?
250Kish between my boomer and trading accounts. I play with a small % of my overall portfolio.
Dare to keep betting against America? CCP-stocks die tomorrow: https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-addressing-threat-securities-investments-finance-communist-chinese-military-companies/
No
need to get a quick profit off my tesla puts before rolling into psth 😈
Why was the last post removed?
Everyone say it with me :

🤡🤡🤡
Why?
If they change the laws there will be more censorship then since they could be held liable. You just went in a circle. Either way social media is not the press. Its a bathroom wall that makes money on ads. Advertisers probably dont like coups and murder promoting their new F150s...well bad example but u get it.
As I recall, the big DD back then about how the USSR was superior centered on how beautiful their subways were.
TSLA is not just a CAR company. They’re a CARbon credit company too :) tsla 1000c
Tsla pls don’t die on me
All the bears tend to have the worst memory.

Why do they keep allowing this to happen to themselves?

Green market cash open
Why would You?
[deleted]
I love me some NVDA (in my Roth and my fuck off account) but there's nothing about them smashing earnings that makes me think the stock will actually respond positively in the short term.
Oof
As much as I don’t believe that future matter, this shit is still annoying
naw past is not an indicator of future performance
I suspect the Dems aren’t going to let that happen until substantial progress has been made to get people back to work. By then it won’t matter and there is a fair chance that those renters might become homeowners.
Keep putting your net worth in penny stock halts; sometimes you win, sometimes you can't cash out for months.
Remember futures during early covid days
/u/richtofin115 and /u/cashflow_ are the kinda guys to inverse each other's positions and both still lose money
I’m down but let me get it in the am as planned lmaoo
0-5 gay
5-10 not gay
1/22/21 700p TSLA
If futures the night before the special election last week didn’t convince you that futures don’t matter, then nothing fucking will
[deleted]
Lately there's been an influx of gain posts. There have been millionaires from TSLA, hundred thousandaires from NIO XPEV, ten thousandaires from FCEL PLUG MARA RIOT. And then there's me with PLTR. Everytime I see those gain posts, a part of me just dies.
u/savevideo
Oh god Tesla calls fucked
You belong.
He's had it already
This
u/savethisvideo
[deleted]
TSLA back to 600 EOW
it shows you just gotta click on it hope this helps
No CHPT? The artist soon to be formerly known as SBE? Gonna be a fuckton of charging stations being built and they are the industry leader rn
So we are gonna be green as Shrek’s dongus?!
Commenting now to say I'm just here to not understand anything.
I made a quick buck last week off GRWG. I cashed out but it seems legit
1/22 $SPXU 6c
Every Sunday the same
Imagine not giving a fuck about Sunday futures because you have leaps and shares.  I just come here for the company :)
Futures are red because that’s when gay bears come out and play. They go back into hiding once the sun is up and we resume back to green day
“I am all about making money” 

You’re in the wrong sub chief
I’m so thankful I didn’t sell my hedges because I have soo many calls 🤡
Theres no way you could be her side piece she likes brads 😛
so 2021 revenue 33 billion stock  67,500?
Say it with me:

ARKG 10% tomorrow
[removed]
The only real subreddit left. I love you dipshits.
Arguably its better since hydrogen has already proven itself for storing electricity for the grid which is what FCEL is for (not geared towards EVs atm)
Investing in Oil in Friday may not have been my best financial decision
PLTR has government contracts
Interest rates have been lower than my self confidence for years now. The gen pop doesn't give a fuck. People are into FOMO because FOMO is cool right now. They'll also be the first to sell. Right now, Stocks are like going vegan. People are all in for now, but soon the novelty of it will wear off. Moving on. 

Inflation is either temporary or permanent and we sure as hell aren't looking at the latter. There are more issues than the pandemic, we were already headed into deflation before it happened... It's not oil or the Rona's fault. 

It's not impacting goods/services because this shits faker than a stripper's titties. Real **permanent** inflation comes in across the board, not just in equities. We can't use history to paint this picture. Usually it starts here and overflows into the economy... It's currently bottlenecked by banks refusing to lend. 

Why? Because this shits fake and they see the writing on the wall. 

You're grasping at imaginary dildos. *(No shame in that, I too like to imagine things... Like being cool and having a loving relationship)*
Why does everyone think tomorrow is gonna suck ? If you have AAPL calls, you’re fine.
jack ma is satoshi nakamoto
There are just a lot of actual retards here. Not WSB retards, but actually fucking idiots.
I don't think Robinhood had some of the individual US operators right now. In my opinion, $MSOS captures exposure/optionality for all the best US operators and would be the best bet if you can access them from the OTC exchange. 

WSB occasionally pushes for ACB, APHA, TLRY but they don't have as much to gain or as clear of a path to gain from the impending changes.
Have you tried pressing it in different patterns?
Biotech companies live and die by trial results
what is this? can someone fill me in?..
Yeah it does. Click bid ask
Oohh okay! But yeah we don't or ever would get 'stimulus' here in Ireland.
Then leave Afghanistan man.
cuz we’ve been green for like a million straight days retard?
it did for nearly a year and a half

people opted to pay the extra 2000 though on additional stuff

so they nixed the 35k to streamline the costs. it was cheaper to make the 37k than the 35k model 3
Don’t be surprised when TSLA bubble pops
Chicago bears r fuk
silver :<
Banning trump, so hot right now!
How do you have any money?
ARKK tomorrow?
Shes just mad you got yourself a nice pair of c cups.
[deleted]
only women say fellas so yes
CCP stocks die tomorrow: https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-addressing-threat-securities-investments-finance-communist-chinese-military-companies/
wtf you in r/GenZedong fuck off you wumao
Where my fuckin bearz at ??? 😈🐻🍆❗️❗️❗️
[deleted]
Bring on the red Monday bears, let me hop into NIO at a reasonable price
My favorite quote to date is still "Fubtures bloob reb." -Unknown
They legally have to.
RemindMe! 1 year ccl $30+
What happened
I’m in it I just want moar
He already had it
Twitter is what you first see when you open the gates to hell 🔥
Fuck it, throwing in 25k on calls.
TSLA boys got caught with their dicks out by NIO
So you are telling me if I do “rainmaking” dance, tendies will fall on me?????
SQUELCH THAT BITCH
Futures need to be circuit breaker red for us to not be green tomorrow. Lunar landing on the way 🚀
The half human half bot actually resembles you OP
Night shower gang
^
by leaps do you mean 2 week expiry?
[removed]
Robinhood with the 0dte contracts!!! Wish me luck this week. Me and $SPY gone have some fun
Da Bears r fuk.
These days NO mean YES. Look at Hyundai lol
I don’t get how all of these companies can all make money off of cannabis. Maybe in the Midwest but on the west coast there is so much of it it is being thrown away. South Lake Tahoe has 5 dispensaries in a town with only 20k people.  The dispensaries are empty.  Seems like this is short lived.
FUTURES BLOOD RED 🥵🥵🥵🩸🩸🩸
Just press REALLY hard.
stay away from that shit
Is appl fucked?
Moves for tomorrow are fucking GUHing til my dick fallls off
[deleted]
cIrCuIt bReAkeR
They don't accept worthless internet money at Subway.
It's funny how you can tell most people got here AFTER september lmao
Lambo or ban
My point exactly ;)
Aaayyyyeeee!!
Why do you care at 6:50pm as if it is 6:50am?
China bots and shills gonna keep spamming China ADR tickers
Fuckn commies. First they destroy America now they try to destroy WSB
They did that with parler and are being delisted
Hold onto it 🐻
Stimmy checks for Papa Musk 🚀
[removed]
I got 104.82c for April. So far I’m profitable
Maybe stop pressing on it genius
If Big tech is willing and able to cancel the President of the United States, they're willing and able to do it to anyone.
Plan is to cell everything buy fuelcell
This up coming week is going to be sooo fucking cummy
rotation into the new store of value. bitchpenny
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/BigBaby134 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The buyout offer is for their Joyy asset which at current stock price means you get the remaining asset Bigo Live which is growing at 130% for free. Bigo Live is basically the Only Fans of Asia. Domiciled in Singapore so you don’t have China de-listing risk anymore either.
u/cashflow_ the type of dude to call himself the local Virgin when he actually slays mad pussy
Yes.
$LOW $CARB
wumao
actually didn't get blown out going short friday, 2 shorts 20 to 10. i'll take it, all cash waiting for a dip in the next couple weeks
❤️
Norway's Sovereign Wealth Fund owns a large portion of GME. We must call upon our neighbors to the north to defend GME.
China is an asshoe
Nah but it’s a good opportunity to buy leaps
It's a long jump dumbass
Fellas is kissing girls gay?
Where do you view options stats and greeks before buying? On RH it doesn't show delta/iv etc until you buy
There actually is... the fact that LK is delisted and lost most of its value and then CFO getting rekt by the CCP investigation is consequence you retard
with dirt returns
My eye is making a squelchy sound when I press on it
He already had it
$WEIGHT $WTCHRZ
Where is his mask!!
1/15
People on wsb panicking over -0,30% is the funniest shit ever. Like you expect every single minute of everyday to be green?
I speak slimelanguage
😂😂😂
TONTINO GANG WE OUT HERE 🔥
Funny, all last week when the futures were red, I went green the next day. Only day that futures were green I ended up red. hmmmm.
I like TRUL a lot. Watch out if Florida goes recreational. 

CEO is quite awesome as well.
Yesterday I was outside cleaning the pool and some military helicopters blasting Black Sabbath passed over my house.  

I didn’t sign up for this shit.
Is there room for JD to grow?
Lol. No.
There's a flair for storytime 😑
Just FYI I think Friday priced this news in already which is why you saw continued gains in all EV stocks that day—even the hopeless ones like NKLA
anyone know what the silver sell off last week was all about?
He already had it
🤦🏻

He’s had it idiot.
Right here. Going to be a great week.
I’m just saying buy LEAPS on a stonk better than NIO.
Twitter for the alt-right
down crazy?
He already had it.
Very nice buying at the top i see. I got in at 0.91 looks like its time to sell.
Dumping hard
Imagine thinking the DOW means anything...
Until the runoff elections there were no guarantees that he would be able to pass anything at all given R’s control of the Senate. It’s not priced in and you’re retarded for thinking so.
I have explained this in further detail than I have the enegy for here in other comments, but the short version is that the stores wont just be drop-off locations, and selling actual games will be phased out over time. The stores will be drop-off for the customers that want it, especially in urban settings, but a lot of them will still be closed. The remaining ones will be transitioned to provide more of an experience to the customer than the focal sales point for the company. Think of the stores as the physical manifestation of the idea of Gamestop, a celerbration of gaming culture with high margin items like collectibles that are easy to cave on even if you just came to pick up your package, computer parts, gaming events and esport covereage. Anything related to gaming really, and cunning staff to help you guide any decisions. Basically think of the stores as having the same model as ikea, while the e-commerce is the focal point for sales. 

It might not pan out in the end and they certainly have a lot of work in front of them to make it a reality, it is not a short term bet, but if it does pan out tendies will be falling from the sky. We could be talking a $50-80B valuation in 5-10 years just by regaining the market share they used to have. Their current valuation is 1.15 billion dollars. Asymetrical risk/reward ratio = great investment opportunity unless you deem the risk scenario as immenent rather than unlikely. 

Either way good luck in your stock ventures!
Munro is not paid by tesla
That’s what i meant, if you look closely those are adult aged butters, Cartman, Kyle & Stan, was wondering which episode is it
how dare u
Neither yet
Same positions brother. All in. See you in Valhalla
> Stripe chief executive officer Patrick Collison squashed the rumor like a bug on the sidewalk.  

https://www.google.com/amp/s/investorplace.com/2020/12/pershing-square-stock-will-find-a-merger-partner-before-its-deadline/amp/
Futures are bs low liquidity nothing burger
He already had it
Futures doesn’t mean shit. Stonks only goes up!

Pos: TSLA short  860 😢
Strike? Date?
Thats nice for the person who sold you the calls.
Just keep sliding the margin button up
Up because stimmys are 2k and you know there are a bunch of retards who will be pooling their family's stimmy together just to buy it. 2000+800 = 2800 EOD conservatively and a stock split by end of week, literally cannot go tits up.
Expiry?
I’m a 🏳️‍🌈🐻 for life but we’re barely down. Lmao I’d like to see some -2% before declaring “bLoOd ReD”.
Everyone wants to know what their position is doing for them, but what are you doing for your position? Last night I meditated for 10 minutes on my TSLA puts. Sending them good energy and envisioning them multiplying in value as TSLA crashes. I will do this every night until it happens.
I want it to be red so we can sky rocket at close
[deleted]
Lmao at least that tracks with every econ girl I've known
Yeah I've seen that one before. IMO, the free version isn't worth it with a 30 day history limit and the paid version is too much at almost $50/month. It's also a little too in depth for my trading needs, I don't need pre/post market data, dynamic charts, etc. I enjoy doing that stuff myself.
guys I think you forgot that if the sun rises, it’s a massive bull case. They’re fore green by the AM 🚀
that's not exactly true.
Gods speed retard
Fancy people with showers
VIX and futures down. 

🐂🐂🐂🐂
Is JD a good China stonkss??
Bought PUT on NIO :P
Theta is .095 right now. The *possible* hyundai apple ces thing is three days away, then another 13 days for earnings which is hopefully good. 

I'm hoping for two good events, or at least two things that keep volatility up. Planning on closing the call on the 28th. 

As for the shares, I might sell the peak and buy the next dip, but really I'm trying to grow that position so I will likely stay long.
Not really, just an overleveraged dude
Grimes has COVID 19. If Elon gets it does Tesla stock tank?
Twitter for degenerates
why we blood red now?
How is a CCP shill different to any other shill you read on here ?!
Well i sure will after all euro has more value than usd
lmao
[deleted]
I had it at like 29 cents and sold when it went up to 39.

Major fomo now.
Probably the timing. Dash and abnb both IPOd in literally the best time for the stock market maybe in history lol
Vaccines rolling. Money printing. Stimulus providing. Green by open
I learned that when I was in PTI and lost like 70% overnight when their cystic fibrosis drug failed to beat Orkambi.
VALE 🚀🚀🚀🦾🦾🦾

$21c 3/19 dirt cheap
Fuck yeah cry more
Hope you find it helpful
Nope. I just buy any dip
One can still dream
Which stock can help me lose 50 pounds? and I mean actual weight pounds not the fake currency in that other part of the world
I didn't. But I know a guy who got spammed once...
P R I C E D    I N
2nd Tuesday of the month (morning usually)
(Serious) how the fuck do I stop being addicted to my phone... even when I try to “put it away” or out of sight, im almost subconsciously reaching for it and trying to find it all the time.. it fucking sucks
Sadly
Everyone acts like the world isn’t shifting under our feet. China (and India right behind it) have lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty in the last ~30 years. The global middle class will be located there in the next decade, not in a white washed suburb outside of Des Moines. Expanding discretionary spending is extremely bullish for NIO & BABA.

Luckin coffee wasn’t skirting around & inflating EBITDA numbers, they fabricated their entire business through deliberate means.

Has China had some seriously fraudulent companies? Yup. Do you think that the CCP believes that that fact is good for it’s legitimacy in the global business community? Nope.

The ANT ipo was partially about making Ma kiss the ring, but mostly it was to avoid a massive consumer debt crisis with increased controls. Pooh is smarter than most & more ruthless. Illegitimate Chinese businesses are not part of his future road map.

Edit typo
What’s Parler? First time I’m hearing of it. Seems like trash anyways
If - 0,30% vanishes your optimism, the stock market is probably not for you lol
Man are you me?
Depends for me on the vix and what the underlying doing at the time.
$RIOT Jan 2022 calls?
Someone tell me my ARKG calls will be okay
SWIFT AMERICAN JUSTICE  🇺🇸
Commenting so I can find later.

In the meantime, does anyone know what some good on robinhood american weed companies that are worth looking at?
Check futures. I don’t usually say anything, but today is different. I don’t even have money into the market rn either
Ready for the moon
Completely agree with the slow burn death.

This initial drop tomorrow will bounce.
Lol lots of small dick energy above me. All I see is video game stuff. So either A you are fat and make money or B you’re fat and a lair.
I'll try and make it as simple as I can: putting your own opinions over the opinions of actual Chinese citizens makes you racist. By doing that you are showing that you think either

1) Chinese citizens should listen to westerners about their own country

Or

2) Chinese citizens are incapable of viewing their government positively.
Probably neither to be frank. I expect general flatness overall. Despite the whining there is no real disruption to business and may actually help secure advertisers who were getting cold feet in the platforms for not taking action.
no offense to uber but you know he can be wrong right? not saying he will be but his model isn't 100% accurate
>TLDR - It would be ignorant, evens stupid to think Chinese people don't love China the same way Americans love America for the same reasons (from patriotism all the way to confirmation bias, etc). Same for a lots of other countries

it's not even about that. it's the sheer amount of brainwashing there is there. you cannot question anything at all.
okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk can u stop now plz
Cannabis might just be the best play in 2021
I have spy puts let’s make money my guy selling on open and buying calls.
Cathie wood wood went to USC. I guarantee she got 🍆down crazy
Futures machines are rigged. They are made by Dominion and controlled by Hugo Chavez from his underwater fortress. FAKE NEWS.
This sub becoming WallStreetBears today .
Where did the psth homies go
True...
A vulture the size of a small two seat electric vehicle. Roasted dark wings that glimmer in the sunlight, and talons that are a dark opaque, with brown undertones.
Calling it now tomorrow will start very green!
u/richtofin115 is the kinda guy to kiss a girl after cumming in her mouth
u keep your euroPEON hands off our money!!
Guys, remember March?

It's tomorrow.
Dammmmmmn that was 🥶
fake news
[deleted]
Futures lookin bullish
ccp f your mom, idiots
Trul goes up. That's why I chose it. It's that easy
damn straight. right on point.
My confidence in the bull market is everyone here calling the top yesterday
Boomer
I’m a bear and I have puts on Tesla but I have a feeling this futures will be green in no time
Amd is gearing up for a big move, hopefully it’s this week. I have a 100c as well it’s exp is in March though
[deleted]
Working in sweatshops in chyna
Was standing there once when a dude threw down $150k chips at a table and won. Legit though the cruise ship was going to collapse from how many people were losing their shit.
This is what the elites want. Make them educated, but keep them poor.
Fellas, I am excited for tomorrow. We gonna be GREEN
after this & what these wackos r still planning for inauguration, u better believe social media is gonna get regulated under full Dem control
Either to hedge against loss or because they wanna hold for super duper long time. Call can lose money if stock goes sideways.

Stonks go up but some take their sweet ass time.
How many PSTH warrants you need for a foot long sub?
And they’re expensive enough. I can’t think of another ticker with that volume/premium though
This is so tense like a movie!! Except it's my life savings riding on this
vrtx is absolutely dominant in their cystic fibrosis treatments
EV news might save him who knows
I’m a guy but I have huge tits does that count?
Exactly
And have your own Terms of Service.
Why gold isn’t pumping?
Where tf do you see VIX moving
Started investing in november 2020. Told myself 4kmax. Then I met GME. 1620 shares @19...
Drill Team 6 activated. Thanks for giving me dips to buy 😍
Do y’all work?
We call that unemployment in America and it existed pre covid
ur missing q4 revenue but yes, I get your point
/u/cashflow_ the kind of guy to creep out his stalker
They are coming after Parler
Just push it off by drinking all the way through Sunday. You won't regret it Monday.
Goes to show you how undervalued it was in 2019.
Doesn’t this company have a buyout offer at a static price?
[removed]
I got a K cup
Hmm someone should SPAC Bangbus
Futures really are pleasing when you’re not over leveraged
That was my free stock on RH. Sold it for like 3$
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/f9/b9/42/f9b942c260f811db3f75a6b6952bc87b.jpg
Truth be told moth of us couldn’t give 2 shits about political crap..all about making tendies
So sad to see someone fall so far and resort to RP to feel good about themselves in some weird way. You do you buddy I know your “terminal” is the Wendy’s drive-thru menu board after it closes and you click on the burgers like they’re buttons. I won’t tell
[deleted]
so you're telling me my 1/15 calls are fuckecd
What about VALE?
Just FYI each country has its own member firm in PWC. They are under the same global umbrella but just because the US firm and China firm both sign "PWC" on the opinion doesn't mean that Chinese audits are the same as US audits.
Exactly, but if they choose not to host terrorists, they need to be held accountable for said terrorist posts, no?
KFC and McDs have really gone down hill. I think its because McDs stopped using lard in the fries. Its just not the same anymore.
faggout
If this isn't a message from God to be Bullish and buy Leaps on NIO I don't know what is
[deleted]
U have money in PLTR but don’t trust GameStop?
Popeyes tenders, Chick-fil-A sandwiches, KFC wings/legs, McDonalds nuggets, Bojangles breasts
ARKG has a pretty good stake in VRTX
Modest gains for a modest man.
I have a bear award that is worth more than a cheap helpful award. girls with huge tits - msg me first before this guy.
The amount of bears in here is bullish
Puts on critical thinking
So you’re a gold 🌈🐻?
/u/cashflow_ is the kinda guy to get meta about /u/cashflow_ posting
Ugh nasdaq u ok?
Can Brazzers go public already? That's a recession proof stock right there
You will hear it on the news later and say "fuck, I knew it!"
Lmaooo if you wouldn’t be checking your account every day like us retards you’ll be banking 😂😂
Nio to the ocean floor!
A single male who makes six figures.. I think I’m almost any advertisements target market lol

Also, total users dropping. Engagement dropping.

Twitter just started digging their grave. I give them 5 years without a new gimmick.
Tesla is trading at 361,900.56 in Zimbabwe dollars
Yessss. 

People shook? Really?


Smart money, not WSB, buys like nuts on red opens lol. I hope we stay red all night. 🚀🚀
Thanks buddy <3
that's a smart idea, but I'm afraid I'll miss the last spike before it pops. 

I'm incrementally investing like that in dogecoin because I've been feeling froggy 🤪
My SPXS calls are all fucky now due to the reverse split too. 

Probably not even gonna matter I have them
who said I was selling? 👐💎
Do not attempt to breed
Whose dip is this
Mmm yes. What will happen to my entire retirement portfolio tomorrow?
I thought of you retards low, but now you impressed me.
Just makin' sure. Wouldn't want GME brothas missing it!

Yikes, nasdaq down -.4% my friend with 40k in Apple FDs is gonna be bankrupt
Been to a bunch of GameStops in the last month, and met one salty employee. Most shocked me with their level of nerd service ... if that’s a thing. I was asking about stuff I was retarded in and they seemed generally enthused to help me and be working there. I heard other customers engaging in seemingly long conversation and banter with other employees. Hearing this service advantage at Chewy makes me happy with what I’ve see at GME
Yeah Tesla is retardedly overpriced
[deleted]
Y’all would be shocked how much advice u seek from neckbeards here 😂
I'm theta gangbanging NVDA right now and this is the confirmation bias I need 🫂
An ass job all the same
Anytime I mention TA I get downvoted hardcore, apparently these doofuses don’t believe it
Lol
Got it. I put an order in for 2000 CCP calls.
Every country that values freedom should boycott that evil fucking country completely.

Their population is never gonna realize all the fucked up stuff they do. And many don't care because they benefit themselves from all the henious shit china does.

Fuck china and the ccp
[deleted]
Where my Nio team now?
i can't even imagine a normal sized bird
My dick is hard. Thoughts???
Amazon built a new market, Tesla made a better paper clip.  Just give time and we all get to see how this book ends.
The 🌈🐻 cave
https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1348415040823513089?s=19

>U.K. CONSIDERS TIGHTENING LOCKDOWN: TELEGRAPH
It’s a very thin line nowadays
When did you write this bear put spread? Had to have been before the market started ripping upwards? I get the sentiment that there would be a pullback but why not date the expiry out a little more? Going to need a dump of pretty epic proportions for you to reach max profit 

Also I don’t know if ‘fucked’ is the right word to use. Anytime you write a spread there’s a fairly good chance you end up with the max loss, which is why you’d write it in the first place. Now if this were a bull put spread, I’d be very worried.
Anything past April 1st is probably safe
haha, I am purely a technical analysis trader and been consistent through out.
QELL 35 x 7/16 15c
I prefer to write all of them on Monday’s but will write on Friday prior if I have positive delta positions on them on the long term.
The same but with monocles and top hats.
TSLA‘s 🚀 is full of fuel ma dude we dont needa go back to earth to get more gas
🤣
Due Diligence.
Roll tide
Before I sleep
Another way to Eat Fresh so it’s possible
Thanks bby
just have to make more money on stocks
Hoping to salvage something out of my 1/15 600c and 100c for NVDA and AMD. Should have exited on Tuesday but well.
In the morning you animal
[removed]
[deleted]
Remember when bakers were told they didn’t have to bake wedding cakes for gay couples? Social media doesn’t have to host terrorist.
[deleted]
Didnt the CEO of stripe literally come out and explicitly say that wasnt happening though?
I sold at 2.48
Depends - Sometimes sell on Thursday, Friday, or Monday.  It’s good to get a head start but lately Mondays have been pumps so waiting gives a better premium.
wtf
Shouldn't be selling kids, pretty sure you're not suppose to do that
There are literally videos of dozens of different reviewers driving around in Nio cars, visiting Nio stores, going to Nio life lounges. Multiple expats live streamed Nio day... idk what this retarded post is supposed to accomplish. Are you saying all these ppl are fake and paid off?
DOMP IT
Yes please I bought the dip but it kept dipping lol. Also did the ER move or is rh wrong
Did not see that. Thought it was this year. You’ll prob make tendies
I sold Mara calls last month that expired in March when it was at $8 🤡
That poor bull
no, friday was last day
Also could we chat? I might be interested in working something with you
🤣
I guess drill team 6 returned from Holiday vacation.
I exited my icln postion months ago, but if you think green energy is a fraud, you're in for a rude awakening.
TSLA will pay for your Tesla, ignore the bubble and get in.
Only if you lose it all
New here. What does «DD» stand for?
link?
Daily reminder that Webull is owned by the Chinese and if you’re using it, they’re collecting your data. Don’t be a retard
Bulls in shambles already
The fuck is this gay ass bearish sentiment in futures. Do you fools not realize that we are in euphoria? ACT ACCORDINGLY
Just got my fizer vaccines I ordered off the dark web. I think I got 1/2 price because they spelled it wrong on the bottle. I’m gonna be soooo smart!
They are going to take away our shit posting.
sleep until 12pm and buy the dip. Simple..
If you think a ban on social media isn’t censorship you are an idiot. I never said anything about it being a violation of free speech, which is up for debate
Sale because of -0.1 futures?

Lol
Twitter going up📈📈
This is the way
Put all 10k into TSLA 1/21/22 100p. Watch it grow to 100k + when TSLA crashes in the next month
Ha so true... he clearly did not acquire any financial acumen on his way to his lucky winnings.
said fuck it and sold for a loss. i was over diversified at the time anyway. now i’m split between ark and icln and keep some cash on hand to play weeklies
[deleted]
u/cashflow_ is the type of guy to stalk his stalker
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Thoughts on SNDL as a Canadian play?
Lmaooo it’s all good bro your a trader not a investor
mango playing 1D checkers while gyna playing 12D octo chess
[removed]
sweetgreen🥗 potentially ackman?
#GUH
You forgot the part where the middle class also buys stonks.
So much optimism over the weekend and suddenly it’s completely vanished
Before I sleep. I like mornings showers a lot more but I can't be assed to get out of bed that early before work, plus market opening
I have qqq puts. Bear time to strike is here 

You were posting about a bear market all summer. Dumb fuck
Why the FUCK would you sell your kids

Weed monster
[deleted]
Much rather take a red open followed by green Dildos then the opposite
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tesla represents this whole bull market. It’s resiliency has changed how people trade. If it goes bear we’re all fucked.
What
sound advice
GUH
They're like the NIO/Tesla for the price that 99% of people buy cars at
if PSTH merges with stripe my head might actually explode
Tesla is 1500$ in Morocco holy cuck
[deleted]
You may have to search Google for their "managers" number.
She’s talking to me, sorry bro
So a males tits?
Green by morning right, guys?.. GUYS??
All these expired options on their fat asses
Ok boomer
[deleted]
how about the PGA banning Trumps courses lol. this is bigger than just social media. every industry that can , WILL take a piece of this pie and make good publicity from it. Trump fucked himself when he was at his weakest, there is nothing more to say. nothing will come of it.
We all know how this ends
You must be new here. Green by open retard
[deleted]
Holy fucking shit I'm legit never going to get over selling Plug at $5
Ass is alpha soy boi
Ah shit!
Thank you sir! You too🤝
trump starts using jack ma's twitter account to initiate a both a civil war & a war w GYNA
Tesla 1000 eow
Don't put the whole 10k into tesla. Start with say $2500 and work your way up
Both
Trading strategy: hope
ICLN 43c 07/16 x3
What do you mean? Mcdonald's corp is just going to take it out of their profits they said and not pass it along like they do when they raise wages.
/u/Cashflow_ the kinda guy to have his stalker ignore him
Every time there is a massive crash, an entire generation of bag holders gets lifelong stockmarket PTSD.

It will take time, but eventually a new generation of retards will arise. Bolder and braver than any one before, they will leverage the complex financial instruments of their day to elevate the brightest, most autistic minds amongst them to the pinnacle of human achievement where, fully detached from spiritual possessions, they will lead their cohort and their powers now combined will spell the doom of yet another market cycle. Until the cycle begins again...
Any girls here with huge tits I got a helpful Reddit award that I have to give away within 24 hours
That shit is amazing....for 30 seconds
im thinking futures were down big, u guys are retarded
y’all remember LAST WEEK when dow was down like 700 points in premarket only to finish the day green ??
Creepy theta vampires, do you sell your weekly calls on Monday or do you wait until later in the week?
Definitely get some shares
I  am gamble with a few hundred dollars.

He can gamble with 100k.

Guy is rich as shit.
[removed]
NIO calls all day this week ❤️
Wow we’re really starting to fucking drill now
pajama retards stop dumping
Being banned from using a companies software is not censorship. 

Trump (or anyone) is free to start his own plaform or publish on other places that allow it.
You retard, it's spelled " pleas." Learn to write...*smh*
I don’t get the BFT love. Why? They compete with the likes of PayPal and Square. Why on earth would you buy this?
Futures only matter if they’re green. As of now futures are just fake and gay
LOOOL CHECK FUTURES RETARD LMAO
Who else is all in on calls that end next Week? 🚀
Nah no play. Save the margin interest. Its gonna be fucking flat
Lol. Remember. Media will ALWAYS find a reason as to why the market will or is crashing. Its just fear mongering so you can panic sell for 2 days while big money gets in cheap
moderna. 95>94
So I want to get into the GME meme. What are the calls everyone been buying? Strike dates?
Is there news?
Where's your neck
yes sirrr. dont want him announcing additional taxes or some shit
Any thoughts on JAGX? Too late?
Agree man, my current gf is amazing and helps me improve, my ex wife however was a drain
Yeah I think they unexpectedly cancelled a trial so it wasn’t scheduled.

Still a huge overreaction in the share price though, they have a backup drug for that already in phase II i think.

You still in or did you say fuck it?
sorry bb
He’s not articulate by any stretch of the imagination but he actually gets a lot of shit right.
Pfizer imo
250
YESS BRO finally someone who understands. got downvoted to hell when i said kfc >> popeyes   prolly cuz they are not aware of the dark meat options
Wish I had this guys confidence! Way to kill it dude
Another week goes by... has anyone seen our boy Jack Ma?
Now? Probably because they haven't put the 4680 into cars yet. Model S Plaid will probably have it, then Cybertruck after, and they'll add it to the others as they spool up production. 

If you put a non 4680 150kwh battery in a car, it would be huge, heavy, and more expensive. 600 miles isn't a huge value over 400 miles for most people. Nio is trying to minimize battery swaps, which isn't a concern for Tesla. 

Nio prices, if you look, are equal to Tesla... except that price doesn't include the battery, which they sell as a subscription to try and obfuscate the price.
Y'all sleep?
[removed]
[removed]
Doubled her position on Friday.

[Email](https://i.imgur.com/EHGAlil.png)
Fuck it, I’m in 🚀🚀🚀
Yessir
Get out of here with your sound logic. This isn't r/investing
Sir this is a casino, we serve everyone no matter color, size, or disability. We are all autists trying to jump on a 🚀
US govt has sent millions of them to Europoor.  Guess you just have to get lucky.
about $400
When I do that I lose money, so no
My aapl callssssssssss
Really interested to see if the new take on social media is bull or 🌈
I joined theta gang 2 weeks ago, I approve this message
RIP call holders. Waking up at -500 DOW
I feel like red cause of the last few days but of course I want green
Anything steel. Just close you eyes and pick. CLF MT X
Uncertainty is always bearish
Why would they kill the golden egg laying goose? Serious question.
🥖 🥖 🥖 🥖 🥖
Not gonna bore you with technicals, but I got UVXY calls for end of jan when it hit all time low on Friday. Technicals are suggesting a small correction sooner than later but it can be a fake out or go up a little more from here before dipping which is why I got a bit of time on them.
ZERO  By Gut and memes only
You guys can buy puts and I'll buy calls. Both of us can't be wrong. (ps you're wrong, stonks only go up)
learned “#” makes your comment bold when written on mobile
What about it?
90% of the time before bed. Nothing beats a good morning shower. I’m just too bad at waking up early enough to do it often.
Welp, everything is on sale tomorrow. And I’m buying.

ICLN/PLUG GANG
This is why I come here
[removed]
Can we stop
Delisting Hong Kong company’s before shit hits the fan
[deleted]
My politic is stonks only go up rocket 🚀
[https://cathiesark.com/ark-funds-combined/trades](https://cathiesark.com/ark-funds-combined/trades)
Dead.
Bullish af
Futures are fake , green by AM
The 🌈 🐻 closet
Always in morning. Sometimes also at night
Greek mythology...what could go wrong? Thank Zeus
yes
Thank God more people showed up disagreeing this post. It's gonna make my dope little montage 6-12mo from now so much more satisfying. Thank you!
Positions?
https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuph0i/nio_to_the_moonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn_i_hope/

He's already back at it again. GG to the mods for nipping this one in the bud.
If it works man, why quit? Alcohol worked too until it didn’t. Gave it a shot and it’s like my brain had a wire get hot. I hope you find something to help with some inner peace mate
they didnt give me my stimmy because they know id give it to china  (Nio)
Fuk
This might just butter lads...if you got weeklies rip.
Lol. 

Dems walked back that “promise” already
🥖 🥖 🥖 🥖 🥖
I'm sitting on 10k to put somewhere.  I invested in TSLA in March when it was down (at about 100$) but I didn't invest enough to be rich.  thinking about yolo-ing that 10k, riding it out to maybe 200% returns and selling.  i don't trust GameStop and I already have money in PLTR. idk man
hate to see it
I’m in if Cathie is :D
Good question, no answer yet
OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU
Both
roll tide
Pluto is a planet
MVIS has leading tech ready to roll out in April. 🤫
Jesus, I usually keep my mouth shut cause I don't consider identity brings up much value to the conversation in majority of conversations, but it really feels sad to be automatically regarded as CCP bolt just because someone was born in China, a mare random process neither the Nio dude nor I took part in the outcome making. We, as much as anyone else, do share the sense of community either its real life or in virtual. And kudos for him to bring some extra piece of information that he fair you guys may not know assuming that most here are living in western countries and do not read Chinese. Lastly I just want to ask, isn't presumptuous conviction a Communist thing?
Popeyes chicken and tenders are pretty awesome, but damn KFC chicken wings are good.
It’s a simple retardation fueled Steel Stocks splurge, courtesy of our steel Papi Corleone 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Reverse :(
You don't do both?
Those things are fucking terrifying in real life
Any news on RIOT and BTBT in the morning?
Oh so nonsense then? I've seen thousands of technical posts between here and stocktwits and most of them were wrong. I don't see how it's any different from picking heads/tails
this is WSB Dr Burry. If you offer us free money, we are going to take it
Do y'all shower????
#1 has got to be, “you don’t talk about WSB”
priced in, monday is gonna be talk about other stuff. It will run midweek though for stimulus
!remind me in 4 days
[deleted]
Picking up leaps first thing
nice try CIA
On $10 or $10,000?
Probably flat
PIPP https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/12/09/spac-with-ties-to-biden-cabinet-picks-sees-surge-in-wall-street-support.html
My nose only snorts the purest of the pure, cut with the tears of the "Guh" tribe.
[removed]
Yeah I knew something was up when someone was trying to pump NIO claiming they were chinese and had done all the "due diligence" in China. Immediately thought it was BS and they were trying to pump CCP stocks
The rest of the free world should cut off china completely, if they wanna be nazi germany 2.0 they can fuck off
[deleted]
GAIC backed VW will sell 20x more true hybrids in China than NIO
it didn’t even know they had an upcoming drug announcement
Exactly. What Goldman Sachs would've pulled on us, RBLX is pulling on their own, no need for underwriters.
Damn American forgot basic immune system health functions what a Fuking shame
bearish until the actual start of the civil war & then green for days
Not happening
Did this go through?
You represent me now. Whatchu think I'm gonna let you roll in a Hyundai?
How are NIO futures looking?
Nio price targets EOY?
I hesitate to ask about the story around norway but I keep seeing them in memes and its been a fun mystery
Asking the real questions...
Bully so bullish
mass market vehicle for the poors  shit about to 🚀
Nio is the downfall of Tesla
haha before i got into options that was the biggest one day loss in my account
I’m sad. My stalker is too busy to chat w me tonight
I bought shares I'm already up 3% on. Depending on what happens tomorrow i may buy a call or 2.
Imagine being a gay bear without realizing that you are a gay bear
710p? 1/15 exp? You‘d better go kidnap papa Elon tonight so there’s some bad news out there otherwise you just flushed your lunch money for the semester down the toilet.
Nothing makes me rage shart myself more than fair weather fans. Nut up you babies
So how we feeling about tomorrow bois? Green? Red? CCP fuck us? Elon gets Jack Ma’ed?
both
Even based on potential it's hard to argue the CURRENT evaluation for tesla is even remotely justified. the current evaluation means tesla has to multiply their revenue by 90 to be equal to other car makers...
PSTH 30c 1/15 ;)
Ireland we get 350e a week if your workplace has to close  (which a lot have done since the surge after Christmas) or if you have to isolate after testing! Not baddd
I trade on what I call TAintology.
big birs is a big pussy
Anybody know when GME is going to have their Brick and Mortar Retail store day?
[deleted]
$CLOV
Left is an icon of Ghoto Mhop, a new image editing app from Adobe. Right is a logo of Chinese homeopathic company that sells rhino horn extracts (that do not contain any rhino horns).
His name is Jerome Powell. He gives me the good stuff... The *digital* stuff.
Florida here. It's not that bad here. Happy to live here, no taxes, people still wear masks like they're supposed to.
After a 10:1 split maybe
Bruh! If anything extend your expiration out one more week to include earnings
Bruh politics aside Orange man has exposed a huge flaw in social media IMO and although he’s an idiot, he’s talked about it before and I agree with him. If a media platform is openly banning subjective content, they are putting themselves in a position where it’s implied that they hold accountability for the things posted on their platform. Right now laws protect them from this, but with increased censorship I foresee a push toward a change in these regulations, or at least there should be
[deleted]
covid cases surging....only 278,000 new cases today,,,,guess its calls
Do y’all shower before you sleep or in the morning before work?
Having to drive an hour to see friends and family isn’t the retirement I’m looking for.
I guess we will see.
Big bird
I'm preparing to sell a ton of 1st edition Pokemon cards from 1999 that I saved.  It's insane how much they are worth lol
It's worse than people saying the US should build Nuclear Powerplants now.
[deleted]
bill ackman would beg to differ
Where would this bird live?
Thank god I was out at that time (sold for a small loss a month before), got back in after.

I told my dad to put all his money in VRTX, good thing he never listens to me or I would have been disowned.
Goldman boys are more fucked than 🌈 🐻‘s
based on my gut feeling and that if it does my calls will print
Lols you know some rando just got tagged like wtf
Anyone bullish on WFC this week
Is anyone else confused about how to use wsbvotebot? It seems that once I vote to spam or keep a submission, shouldn't the number of votes for that category increase by one?

Or do I just need more karma to use it?
I had a dream I was climbing a tree and this bear was coming after me and I kept telling it “shoo! Shoo bear, shoo!” 

Fuck You bears! Go back to your fuckin cave!
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hookers are hot. I’m only human
I’m eligible to get vaccinated next week. Should I pick Mordena or Pfizer? Or play one of them options?
TWTR to $0
Mods, the CCP bot is back.

/u/theycallmeryan
Robotaxi 🤖🚕
BOFA DEEZ NUTS

GOT EM

But really, I don't know.
/ES is following technicals well right now. Check out my man Adam Mancini on twitter if ur interested
How big we talkin? Wingspan? Talons? Paint me a beautiful word picture here.
big bird on Sesame Street
I struggle a lot with psychiatric issues and I do believe cannabis helps cope with them. However, I've tried to quit several times unsuccessfully...
He made 550% gains bro
Yea I heard he’s a huge local virgin 🤡🤡
A bird the size of the universe
I really don't understand America's "Anti-China" stance.

People supported the Hong Kong anti-China protests. So many videos of police brutality on reddit. And then we got the BLM protests...

People say that Nio is not worth its valuation. And then we have Tesla...
Exactly, this is a sub of retarded illiterate opportunist. Only thing we care about is whether it would make our stock moon, like the insider who set up a tendies stand so he can get more money to yolo.
Glad I could provide a fresh perspective! The way I understand it GME is aiming to close the barely profitable and unprofitable stores in the US as well as all the stores in the EU and in Australia. 

This has many purposes. Basically the plan is that right now, the stores still make GME a lot of money from physical games sales and the quickly growing market for collectibles (they sold 1 billion dollars worth just last year and the market for them is growing), so the plan is to use the money from current operations to finance the transition to e-commerce while remaking the stores slowly to focus on being an experience for the customer. This way, the stores can serve as a drop-off location and customers can chose to get free shipping if they pick it up at the store. Not only that, this will make more people visit the store where they will be met by cunning staff, gamer merch and a physical manifestation of gaming culture itself. This serves to build up the emotional connection with the customer, get more sales with the ikea model of getting max amount of people to pass by the hard to resist goods (cheap collectibles and merch, both with high margins for GME) while prodiving an experience.

One guy in this subreddit suggested they have displays where they will have staff build your custom computer in front of your very own eyes in the store now that they are selling PC-parts and accessories like keyboards and mouses (also high margin items). Some people will reject this idea but personally seeing places like Inferno Online here in Stockholm where I live, one of the worlds biggest internet-cafes where gamers go to play video games next to each other, host and participate in tournaments while being sold snacks and other high margin items. In theory, selling acess to a decent computer for gaming for 3 dollars an hour makes no sense. People have computers at home, going to an internet cafe is just annoying, and if you want to play with friends you can just use discord or teamspeak. But the truth is they are almost always full even though they have over 500 computers. They have built a manifestatio of gaming culture and its a smash hit. 

I have already seen game store try some of those features our in select stores in the US and with RC taking the lead sooner or later I am convinced they can have a successful transition. It will be a long gradual transition so I would say my timeframe is minimum 3 years, not that I dont think they will see substantial growth before that though. But I think your time frame of 5-10 years is where you will maximize your tendies. 

I had a few other points but the post got too long so I cut some greese but feel free to ask me any other questions or further clarification of anything I have written so far. Hope this helped and see you on the moon fellow astronaut :)
You should write a book about being broke and penniless
That just gave me a shot of adrenaline
Nice fuckin moves
Coke 100%
Futes = 💩
The chance of me dying from COVID is still higher than the chance your puts make you money
Last week. Old news
rug pull
with a girl or a guy
Shut up pussy
where is u/notPLTRbot's DD?

 I need a boomp
Everytime i hear the word Omnichannel im gonna roll another April contract to July coz this board is fucking hopeless. Papa Cohen gonna force a vote for the annual June shareholder meeting, last shareholder meeting had a proxy vote that spiked borrow fees up to 200% mid/late april, i think april calls are cutting it close but July are perfect to play the upside of a Cohen takeover
Why?
Cause it’s up like 50%. And I’m only up like 5% over the last few months. Buying baba has really screwed lol
[removed]
https://cathiesark.com/ark-funds-combined/trades 

Go nuts
Congrats, one state. Please look how others are structured. 🤦
Amazon plan on staying flat the entire week despite nasdaq going up 40%?
[deleted]
Bears fucked huge gap to fill

&#x200B;

Also damn, that CCP bot got banned. NIO go down tomorrow haha fuck NIO long TSLA
Based
Any thought on how Apple opens?
Then you are either a pussy or just terrible at this.
Got 20k to blow on futures whats the play
Hell yeah! This is the kind of shit Im talking about!
1. Request referral links as frequently as possible 
2. Bears r fuk 
3. Meme’s meme so don’t be the bag holder still pushing something 4 meme’s ago
4. Bears r fuk
She bought 850k shares
Bro - I use Vanguard too and the quotes are 20 minutes late :( and I can't do poor mans covered call and spreads - should we upgrade to level 4 to do that shit? I'm currently on level 3.
[removed]
Yes about 875,000 shares
God speed!
Pence invoking the 25th, that bullish or bearish? Got a bet going.
Right but I've read that Hydrogen transportation has been handled pretty well in California
Yes, and he would have to disclose it before making the sale.
[deleted]
Lol. You have to put an underscore at the end
Because the consensus amongst mainlanders is indifference towards the CCP.
Xpeng's got a really cheap ev that looks fucking awesome
GI.K
I was thinking of dumping all my extra cash at open as well no way China doesn’t pump it all week
TSLA $200 TMRW
NIO at 65.50 in Antarctica
How much money can we print before a McDonald’s 4 count nuggets costs $5.79
[removed]
FEDEX open green?
Like Apple?
Eh not if you make bank. Bears get so much shit but it’s very possible to make good money as a bear. People on here act like you always have to be bull or bear. But why not be whichever one makes sense in the moment? So many permabulls on here acting like it’s a bad thing to see an overvalued asset and bet against it. Probably because they think it’s easier to just spam buy calls and hope you aren’t the last to fomo
And pays her extra to say she's proud of him, like his father never would.
Guh
Vulture
I got shares, and I’m ready to let my nut out
cum agin?
Stimulus talks going well
I bought some Pokémon ones 😂 I’m up like 50% in one month
Haha bet
No dopamine from stonks?

Masturbate
Ha you said hard core anal
Anyone know when Affirm IPOs? I read Wed on Reddit but can't find anything confirming that
Spicy 🌶
[deleted]
I would Cum.

 Did they announce a target?
All my non-ETF plays are done on technical analysis
[removed]
No offence but it's not some shitty TA thats gonna send GME moon bound it's papa Cohen and our 👐💎
I saw a big ass ostrich once.  Looked like a dinosaur.
you remember when it dropped 25% after hours ? 🥴
TSLA definitely looks vulnerable up here. I have not said that yet during its run. Let’s see if I become yet another person regretting trying to call the top.
= free money
Dont worry, I got her rent this month...least I can do after spending so many nights there

- Chad
China too. Spain. USA is so behind
[deleted]
It wasn’t a fraud report it was their drug/therapy didn’t work
Fuck the CCP
Just reopened indoor dining in denver. I went out to pick up food this morning. Fucking terrifying
Ya. Life is weird
https://ark-funds.com/subscribe
Exactly - and while the LP's continue the struggle to figure it out, the US market seemingly learned from their mistakes and decided to actually create profitable businesses instead of cash-burning moneyholes...
Gang gang
Your country didn’t give? Strange, most did.
Will make more posts in the future for sure. I’ve tried posting on other places but I just got enough karma
you should open source it, if someone turns it into a money machine, then so be it. the point of open source is to share and by sharing this post you're just leading us on without sharing the actual knowledge
😂😂😂
Yeah, just install the .doc by pressing Alt and f4 at the same time.
I don’t struggle with it but I am constantly high to some degree after work. Which is fine because I’m just a better person to be around. 

Haven’t had a drink since Halloween night
Wait till Q4 earnings.
Shit is about to get real
I get the strategy, but what’s the ticker? Lol
Saw a post that said cathie bought SRPT on Friday? Can anyone confirm?
Need someone to pump me
Crickets
Smoke a joint relax & buy calls stop being a gay bear 🐻
Yes lol
TSM calls will print this week
Real question. How many of you guys actually trade on hard core “technical analysis” here? Pure technical analysis
Any plans for a web app to publish weekly results?
Sorry, but I work with autistic students for work and its the exact opposite. It obviously depends where on the spectrum they lie, but most people further on the austism spectrum arent capable of living on their own, in fact a lot of them are completely dependent on their parents their entire lives, its the opposite of evolution in a survival sense.
Long live Jim Bob Moffett
Freezing cold take
Americans may be ignorant but ignorance is bliss, you’re sitting there commenting on WSB about how much you dislike Americans. So how much does your life suck sir?
[deleted]
Is novavax going to hit $160 tomorrow? 

🤚 🎱 ✋ 

... 

Yes
Don’t you guys already get 4K a month
Sorry me stupid what’s a leap is it like an option
This is short term though. With the fed pouring trillions of dollars the short term effect will not even be visible. So calls are actually the way
Bears you are fuck, and EV green energy bears are extra fuck. I’m right every time, I’ll see y’all at market yours when you’re crying
Good luck sir 🤝
[removed]
[deleted]
Lmao huge gap up by 6 am
LOL futues only matter when 🟢.. AAPL limit up
What's the biggest bird you can imagine?
Got aapl 1/15 calls 133strike

Hopefully gaps up
[deleted]
Pretty pissed that its valued at 30b when it was valued at 8b a few weeks ago lmao. It wouldve been an easy bet to take. ugh
JFC really? Dude seems like he has a messiah complex.
Literally not at all. Bears always talk big the night before.
You're not safe even on a retarded sub like r/wallstreetbets
Never again man
Facts.
So am I supposed to go all in on NIO or not?
Spelling
holy fuck i bought at the right time
You in the south?
Same here bro. Hoping red holds for a day then goes green
Lmao down 7 pts, see you in the green tomorrow boys
Glad we have disability diversity in this sub
[removed]
Haiz
I believe in you!! 2023 put right here big guy!!
!remindme 12 months
watching SRPT, it got hit by a fraud report, down abt 51% back to march lows
LOL futures only matter when green.. AAPL limit up
VALE and ICLN otherwise GTFO
Wtf why not?
1 yolo get 2k then turn 2k to 4k with margin then yolo for 8k
As a europoor how can i get my hands on the stimmy?
I have some call debit spreads so I’m hoping for a gap up too 🤞
merica bro suck it
Robert it goes down!
Executive decision that you get rid of all of social media expect Reddit. Gonna need your bros when you need a laugh on a down day throughout the semester.
I won’t touch a Chinese stock that is in the bubble sector of this market with a 10 foot pole for any timeframe longer than a week. The Chinese have never made a worthwhile gas vehicle let alone making something on the cutting edge of new tech. That being said, this thing is on a rocket ship this week. The chart looks beautiful. I may be in it for a trade.
$TSLA
[removed]
You realize spikes in volume can literally make these double and triple lol.
1. Don’t bet against meme stocks
2. Don’t bet against Elon (so far)
3. Don’t follow pump and dumps
4. Blindly follow autistic, multi-paragraph DD
He can't even sell within 6months I believe cause he has over 10% shares. Think I read this somewhere
3806-3809 is the level to watch 👁👁👁👁
Arizona voted 60-40 yet the 5 major cities all voted to ban it locally. You bet your ass they are fucking the little guys. Huge stall tactic.
JMIA
Will sell well in the European market.
Checkout chartlog https://www.chartlog.com/
Yea its being spooky. I picked up some puts Friday because of it
Feb 19, I think you're right, I'll do it
ABBV
Do you struggle with chronic use?
No matter your creed, retards saying dump NIO tomorrow is anti 💵 tsla🚀 depends on it
8==👊✊==D~~~~ no just wanted 2 fists is all
It’s how she reacts when I play with them.   
That’s all you should know.
Cash gang Wednesday
Right before we “ascend into the heavens”
Somehow its going to be worse...
holy fuck and you're still holding? LETS GO
BFT BFT!! 🚀🚀🚀
k
This honestly feels like another pump. OP is on a new account, AND this is his first post EVER.

Be careful
What about the priced in of the priced in of the priced in
option OIs are only updated once a day, not sure when tho
Lol RIP to you ahead of time
[deleted]
[removed]
No we aren't retard
ur so dumb lol
Green by open
Nio is going to run high and fast tomorrow, and I wish I had gotten calls Friday at eod, but was busy skiing 🎿

Might pick up shares

🚀🚀🚀🌚🇺🇸🥭
37.5 expiring next week for now. If it's ITM it's a 10 bagger. Figure the rip will keep ripping, or I'll have a dip to buy all in OTM as fuck about 6 months out
I have $1200, what’s the play tomorrow 👀
This is the confirmation bias I love! GME🚀🚀🚀
Joe manchin gonna steal your tendies 😢
Bofa deez nuts!
$9 eow
Yeah they make those...
Hmmm dollar is attempting a bounce 🤔
They all go up 10% and I sold calls at +7% is pretty much the worst case scenario 

That or clean energy dumps
Why would they if they are legit? Lmfao
So they can breastfeed our children? Meh
[deleted]
Yeah that made me cringe pretty hard
Just like ass is fat and muscle and just like a vagina is a warm wet cave of bodily fluids and slime and muscle
What would you guys consider to be the four most important rule of WSB?
[deleted]
can pltr go to $27 tomorrow. That would be just lovely
Seriously tho if CCP is pumping NIO on WSB, isn’t that BULLISH??
Nope
Americans are the most ignorant being in this whole world. Pandemic is in full swing, hospital beds are full, depending on your immunity you could literally die but you still see people in large groups in bars and restaurant not wearing masks and being a completely ignorant idiot. smh
260 tomorrow
How can you not think this is priced in from the moment he won the presidency? It's his first move that will get made and the entire government is Democrat. They're going to give him a few bones before fighting starts. The third stimmy will happen...and it likely will be $2k each...$1,200 is worst case.
GME will rocket AH tomorrow 🚀🚀
[deleted]
The $25k FSD car is a big deal. The yearly demand for this car could reach 200 million a year.
8==👊✊==D~~~
Suspected CCP propaganda apparently
EOW - 34

EOM - 37

EOY - 50
NIO baguette
Why
He’s Jim in American Pie.
I just started right before Christmas and I’m already in this boat. 

It’s beautiful to be so excited to lose money.
[deleted]
Bull r fuk? 

🤚 🎱 ✋ 

... 

No
They missed the opportunity for a $69.420 price target.
Biden's $4T stimulus up your ass
Upvote for the tit fuck
What would you like them to do?
[deleted]
As a vet with ptsd. Weed has help me, my marriage, work life, relationship with kids and lookout on life. Hopefully this shit gets legalized in all states. 

Holding shares till my kids sell.
they don't make a word to describe the obsessively aggrieved. You are an American fatwhite at heart :)
Can happen, but they teased the market with an $8b valuation a few months ago, then they went and raised another $500m to quadruple their IPO price... I think the people who wanted to buy for a long hold will back out. Plus, this is a single game company with $40b valuation. Now, I know it's not really a single game, I've done quite a bit of research, but still, I'm gonna wait now... whereas before I was gonna hop on the $8b valuation on day 1.
Please
Man I’ve legit been looking for it and can’t find it. Puts on my settings.
My brother made more money buying trading card booster boxes than I did trading stocks last month 
🤡
If this sub was getting infiltrated by CCP, I don't think they would lead with "Hello, I am Chinese, please let me educate you Americans". It would be much more insidious than that, and you are all smart enough to know this, despite being massive fucking retards.
Not impossible but I don’t see it. Everyone and their unborn baby knows this is a bubble. People are going to get out this week and all the new “investors” will see it losing value and jump shop as well. The Capitulation will be beautiful
Any other Bulls feeling shook?
Fuck WERE SO FUCKED
ROKU gonna make me a thousandaire. All this hype starting around it I wouldn't be surprised if it hits 420 in 2 weeks
Worse than permabears who started investing in 2020?
Do don’t buy NIO calls?
damn so many haters in here. let the man enjoy his money
This person knows a good shit post when they see it.
Even when stonks go down they go back up
[deleted]
Are mods going to do anything about chinese tickers
RETARDS. STRONG. TOGETHER.
Makes no fucking sense. It’s not even hating, it’s just having an opinion on a very overvalued stock. 

Stock goes up on tequila, 😂
Dude 90% of “trades” sit in an air conditioned office listening to podcasts all day except the office is attached to a giant piece of metal. Its also AI proof because the situations are never the same so you cant really program something to do it.
Do you own a needle and thread?
REITs
Grizzly Man is my favorite bear documentary.
Nah I don't. Just a wife. Seriously tho man, if you have that little touch should not be risking money in the stock market. This shit is vicious. Only play what you can afford to lose.

Hope you guys get shit figured out and can gain some savings. 

This sub is fun and I love gambling. But I'm not gonna if I lose my trading funds.
It’s complete and utter speculation. You know what sub you are on?
[deleted]
FAS
8==👊✊==D
IT'S A CAPITULATION BRO
wtf? First you buy your puts too early, and now you sell too early? ur gunna regret that man
It's funny because China tried so hard for decades to emulate them and failed, so China decided to buy TSMC's senior engineers through state corp SMIC but also failed. Now China state media just claims that TSMC is a China Taiwan company, it's even reflected as such on Baidu. It's pretty fucking pathetic lmao.
EXCLUSIVE-Tesla hunts for design chief to create cars for China - sources
$TSLA
I thought my 35s warranted me having an extra chromie
Green by 8pm
[removed]
Early == wrong.  Sure, at *some point* in time it'll go down but you only get god credit if you time it when it happens, otherwise you're just a bear that likes it in the ass.
A wise man once told me, “please stop yelling at me, you are scaring my children.”
Bear trup
Red at night, bulls delight
Only maybe Cadillac SuperCruise is even close to Tesla right now. Hyundai/Genesis is probably third.
Vxx
You can goto the options and turn it on. Atleast I did
Loans, credit cards, second job. The yolo this year will be worth iT! YEAR OF THE YOLO
Well, this IS Reddit
Priced in
Not as far as I'm aware. Sorry
VRTX, although it’s the most frustrating shit I own. Bought in October and I’m barely up.
Banks etf
BULLS IN SHAMBLES
I have a lot of respect for Carson. But this was definitively a hit job. He’s no longer short
I can’t be the only smart one that bought nio puts for tomorrow? I’ll see you guys in my lambo next week hehe
Where are you seeing this?
ICLN Pizza
Value stocks
Why lmao? At this point its a lottery
Tsla has enough volume
I'm scared :( someone hold me
Shoo go away bears we don't want doom and gloom on a chill weekend
$20 what?
MT is gonna go bonkers
You doing okay? Congrats on your investments and all, and I'm genuinely glad you won't have to work much longer.. but like damn. Life can be a lot of fun when getting to know others is a higher priority than outperforming them. Right now it just doesn't seem like this is fun for you. Maybe I'm wrong and you're having a blast.
Down .2% is schizo?
Only total chodes hedge with VIX calls
We found the new Cramer.
!RemindMe in 1 month
🤡
yagami keun... what is u doin ? 

 -L
AAPL has boomer tendencies and will trade within a channel.
ProShares Trust Ultra VIX Short-Term Futures ETF Italian Sub. 😁
Perma bulls who start investing in 2019 are the worst.
It came true last year doe?  Imagine thinking it can’t push another $125 between now and year end?
Same boat bro. Praying for us
He's definitely right that there's a bubble. But contrary to a lot of people here, he has the capital to short even very early on without the need to cover his position. So he's fine with losing a little bit while people are making banks on tesla. People ridiculing him is actually a good sign because that's literally what happened during the 08 crisis
Top is in
W.e bro
Fuck me lmao
Oops I thought he said gravity
It’s really fucking sad. And a big black eye on the 1st amendment. People don’t understand how this event snowballs into some really really horrible shit.
We all know
Is there anything more fake and gay than red futures
If SPY bigly red in PM, buy calls, if flat, idk, if green at open, buy puts
yup thursday.
Fleshlight mount...
Will any of the  **Altimeter** SPACs get converted into Roblox stock?
But the priced in hasn't been priced in
R u offended?
u/cashflow_ the type of guy to cum as soon as the hooker takes down his pants and then thanks and apologizes for it
Hold
Where did you find this footage of me
Jeeesus
Amen, hope you bank this week
What's the best stock for when interest rates start tickling up?
Yes it's the answer
45 too cheap. Stock will be at 80 by then
Multipurpose
Can suck on them, titty fuck, rub, little squeeze, etc
[deleted]
Plot twist: Burry sold naked puts
[deleted]
Man everyone getting that except me ha
Spy is going to 390 tomorrow with all the stimulus talks
Op said good plays
> How is allowing an 17-18 year old agree to a 200k loan with almost-zero income not predatory lending?

Those adults aren’t going to be helped by $50k in relief. They will be on an IBR plan for life.
They don't offer an extended warranty for the Model 3.
The only thing I will be violating is my restraining order against you WSBBot. You looking mighty fooooiiine.
They don't deserve money.
notccpbot? definitely a government official, definitely propaganda, definitely not a troll, this is proof of astrosurfing on reddit, we need to migrate
To da moon!
[removed]
My 2 monthly Vxx calls gonna save my entire portfolio if we’re red tomorrow.

VXX take the wheel!

But who’re we kidding, green by open.
The only confirmation bias that I need
Honestly might
It's etched into our brain structure
1 time stock compensation for direct listing
I did manage to buy at the peak, so that was fun
Think harder
English motherfucker, do you speak it?
Right, but one possibility is once the eviction moratorium expires, landlords won’t be able to find new, qualified tenants since so many people are unemployed. I forget what % of homes are rentals, but it’s high.
This is the way.
What was the premium? I want to grab some but it's up to $7.80 now
SPY Spinach Pie
lol okay then I guess everyone who predicted TSLA hitting 800 was wrong because they predicted it too early. Shit logic
Having Ebola and being asymptomatic is a lot rarer than being asymptomatic with covid.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Are futures always this schizo?
Someone remind people that Sleepy Joe is preparing to announce multi-trillion dollar stimulus plan. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/us-policy/2021/01/08/biden-stimulus-plan/
I feel like there are too many eyes on Weed stonks in generally. They've all been overvalued without generating revenue. The next biggest agriculture use is if they can produce more than just flowers and process the whole plant leading to increased margins.  If regulations on Weed become more lacks, all that infrastructure those companies built will be useless other than brand. If regulations stay, profit margins won't be large enough.
20*
Gonna scoop me up some Tesla 1500c 1/22 FDs
Some of his shit is very good (spacex), but some of his shit is dumb as fuck (look at how the hyperloops are going vs Branson’s).
I’m excited and ready to lose it all!
Coinbase
Day of reckoning for GME tomorrow

Good luck bulls - I have a feeling it is going to be rough
Only time you buy vix calls is for a hedge rookie
Check a stock’s option’s prices on Robinhood. A pop up showed up asking if I wanted to enable 0DTE options.
Feel so stupid for not buying psth
All bears are Gay
This is the way
Not fat. Not American. Not a boomer. Try harder, bootlicker.
People forget he is a retail investor just like you and me
Hmm my bad I was confused.. I actually don’t know about that but I assume it works the same way the buying price is. So yeah I bet The interest doesn’t change until open
Should have been a credit spread and you were good 🤣
[removed]
Moves tomorrow? 

Get a fuckload of tendies what else is there to do
Why are tits so wonderful? When you think about it they're just these bags of fat
Still lame af. Reserve a plaid S
Thank you! Just checked it out. Interesting but they're more surfacing trending stocks on Reddit whereas I'm looking for the emerging ones.
[deleted]
What could go wrong?
Im banned in r/GenZedong for asking if they're trolling lol
Bought some 1/15 $3215 calls on Friday so anything near that is 👌🏽
It's just fuckwads and dipshits at this point.
ADT pizza
ICLN QQQJ & weedstonks 💎💎💎
SPY closes at 377 tomorrow heard it here first
[removed]
[deleted]
You got it internet Sir
Wow TSLA futures at 2000
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/hr3162 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
aka financial freedom
Yeah I saw this also, might add more to my GOEV position tomorrow
Math meth sugar...he should have just said Sacricice to the moooooon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bofa deez nuts!
Stay vigilant. This won’t happen only once
I’d tell you, but I don’t want you to be upset with your mom.
[deleted]
Wow this has changed my perspective on WSB. I can see companies giving redditors full time salaries to influence WSB to picking them using fake posts on massive gains...
Greek mythology. Cassandra always told the truth but no one ever listened. It is very cringe
[removed]
Have you heard what Musk himself has said about Hydrogen? What is the point?
Dix out for vix
What if he announces pornhub
U from citron?
Okay ill look into it people roasting me like dude i am trying tk not fuck up my gfs small portfolio i am trying to encourage her a little bit with some gains as positive reinforcement
[deleted]
LAMBO OR BUST...BRUUH.
No. You can not have stonks without retards.
Don’t forget LYFT!!!
Have you looked into other solar plays? Compared them to SOL?
Nice, it just happened to me to. I just went to look at NIO options prices and it popped up. Good luck with these new trades!
It’s called satire.
The only problem I have is that I didn’t buy more... like Cuchon Airlines. Something about sun light.
When did I say that you retard? I said why doesn't the North Korean government get the same treatment? Why don't other countries that violate human rights get the same attention? Oh wait they don't because you're a racist NPC. Go suck Trumps mushroom dick
DISCA BROTHER. STRIKE AND EXP? 

Feb $40c and July $45c and Jan $45c
This is why capitalism is good baby
I’d say like 2 years early.
This is our generations USSR. According to my high school history textbook the Soviets did something sort of similar during they’re time to spread communism and shit. We all know how that ended
45? Jesus
WFC 100 EOW
>It’s no longer true that the higher a camera’s megapixel count the better. (for resolution)  
>  
>Resolution isn't tied to megapixels, you can have a 2MP camera that captures in 1080p

And these 2 statements are false. 

You don't seem to get what a megapixel is.

&#x200B;

>Tesla's FSD is really impressive and is likely orders of magnitude safer than a human. 

FSD + Human = Safer than a human

FSD on its own, fuck no.

A friend owns a Model S... FSD is still far from ready. Constantly having to takeover.

It's cool tech, but not what was promised yet. (Musk literally said Model 3's would be robotaxis by now and that you'd be earning money with them)

I know people are willing to pay for this stuff... I just wouldn't. Feels like paying to be a beta tester.

FSD being tied to the car is a stupid move and some customers have been vocal about it, can see Tesla going subscription so it's tied to the driver very soon.
Because Tesla the company cannot possibly hope to meet the valuation of TSLA the stock. The market has at this point priced in TSLA owning more than 100% of the EV market.
Flatter than Kim K without implants.
True true!
paddlin' the school canoe?
ohh, you better believe that's a paddlin'
Nice.
Wrong is wrong.
CNBC searching for guests right now to come on the show to pump market and then say stimulus talks going well.
A comment I’ve seen 1000 times but will not come true this year: 

“TESLA to 1000”
I endorse the NVDA trade.This is investment advice.
💲💲💲
MT going parabolic
icln or a good green energy company. biden plus blue congress is bound to fund some pretty hefty green infrastructure and somebody’s gonna get the contracts
ICLN boutta pump more than Kylie Jenner's lips
Bruh. Amazing.
I know we joke about these rockets but it's seriously true. It somehow connects to us at our retard wsb levels. Honestly I'm not joking... Its like all the lights at Vegas or the nectar in the flowers for bees
Like I said, I’m getting rich or going broke.
That was an ugly day
What is "My ex girlfriends boobs"
GME TO THE MOON  🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
Leaps can get fked hard too
Lol people worrying about -0.18% futures. Where were you when we had instant circuit breakers back to back??
Tesla is not going red tomorrow stop trying to push that agenda
I hope so, been bagholding forever
So what do you want company's to do with excess cas burn it? A stock buy back is part of the open market, retard.
Still so many noobs here that think anything under or above 1% mean anything
There were quite a few dudes complaining here and on the discord about getting banned by reddit for the language that used to be the norm here.

And there were subs picking up the nio guy story and twisting it in a PC way
BOFA THESE NUTS
I am a. It retarded, but, Its a bit excessive, don’t you think?
Icln and arkg leaps are literally free money
I'd do a leap if I wasn't poor. Lol
Trying to rape the pretty lady, I guess?
Make sure you inverse those comments. Your welcome
Spy stroganoff
Bulls r fuk
110% too high, how abt 109%
Doesn’t matter , stonks go up anyways. Whether it’s Chinese, American , Canadian etc
[removed]
Dip then gap up by noon
Do your parents know they raised a soy boy pinko communist?
he literally can’t bail, that’s not how being an insider works 🤔
My puts were  up 100% the morning of Dec 21st! I'd had them less than a week. Unfortunately one closed down 50% and the other is looking to close down 99%....
I have baby hands too, with 25 shares.
WATCHING BABA SHOOT TO THE MOON! 🚀🚀🚀
Theta will destroy you. Considered 100% loss, unless you want 2000 back first thing Monday morning.
[deleted]
They will still try to sell at 3pm and it will count as a day trade. I have some money but I’m not gainsporn rich in there yet. I assume it’s just random.
[deleted]
Fair weather bull?
Good luck, lot of people lost money trying that this year.
[deleted]
-0.11% bull r fuk
Ugh, I don't want to believe wsb has the same bullshit users the rest of reddit has... I thought I was surround by retards.
I like the commas after numbers. We should do that instead because it looks way fancier.
XLF finna moon with all the incoming bank gainzzzzz and buybackssssss
We've only just begun!
Shots.
Made some tendies so he can do whatever he wants
I want a Muad’Dip flair.
And Thursday
You have it backwards
Lol that m5 is will run like a 2.7 sec 0-60. That’s faster than most lambos
Massive correction incoming. This week's gonna be interesting
The people are held hostage by their government. *Fuck the CCP*
Alright then ill let you on the SLV train hop on were on our way to 15% 🚀🚀🚀🚀
holy shit do fat American boomer morons love feeling persecuted. Nobody thinks you're the alt right. Fucking moron. lol you poor victim. Good lord.
u right, just commented a tl;dr 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Anyone liking RMO so far?
sorry I have trouble understand. Did you mean the option OIs are updated at the open, and the current numbers reflect the number of contracts at Thursday close?
Holy shit VIX 👀👆
No meme wsb is amazing
[deleted]
TSLA 1000c
NIO 100c
Predicted the 2008 crash and profited from it.
You r fukd
why dump NIO?
[deleted]
I've heard people say this but not sure where it's coming from. [This is also coming Wednesday](https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/roadshow-ces-2021-panel/)
You can still sell LEAPS. Biggest risk is if stock goes tits up but if you bought LEAPS in a stock like that you deserve it.
[deleted]
What’s this Longview i just heard of recently? Cell phone sonograms?
I need BABA to gap 10%
Ew
Lol thanks
Avalanche starts with one snowflake. I am that snow flake. Selling at open. Down we go.
What a boring uneventful futures market open! Like I prefer the thrill of losing a lot than the boredom of a 0.10% open
tl;dr: gme gonna drop to around 15.13, then spike 70%, buy the dip🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Aww, you think advertisers are so dumb they don't have targeted sectors and buy on total user base.

You had exactly 0 worth to any advertiser and they knew it.
Bro bank is closed & I’m living abroad
lmao 😂 why he did name himself Cassandra? Is he a femboy
stocks don't need news to move lol, I am speaking in technical analysis wise
Already have an option on them 🚀🚀
But the poors will get them wirh their 2k Robinhood accounts. We cant have that
So what were percentages like
What?
Just popped up when I opened it.
🤙
He’s about to become so rich off this. Y’all roasting him like he’s wrong. He’s just early though
Enjoying my PLUG 6/18 $40C
Of course not! It was black men and you gave them syphilis. Big difference
>A mention doesnt necessarily mean the stock will go up.

They only do though.
Oh, sure, because there's always an equivalent library...
You're absolutely right lol
Tesla PBJ
Ouch
Thought it was a good play for tmoz
I wouldn’t take that bet
Flatter than Kansas
Every asshole knows that, show that normie the door.
Yea man. Fuck censorship and the CCP. 

P.S. china is asshoe
🐂🐃🐂🐃
[deleted]
I thought I was the only one thinking this
Pltr is a rocket ship and only goes up! 🚀🚀🚀🚀 Stimmy engaged!
Sadly bound to happen I’ll buy weeklies if this does tho
Tesla calls
Hertz Donut
Srac
It is technically illegal to pay illegals less than minimum wage. They are however, less likely to sue you or complain due to their status. 

I think we do need a better way to verify companies have tried (sincerely) to hire local workers before allowing them to import labor (or send it offshore).
Well back in March we hit limit down within 7 minutes of opening and it stuck there all night long
Hopefully gap up but it’s definitely going to make a big move soon. It’s resting near the bottom of a 3 month trend line.
I know I did one in the spring it's overpriced junk.
I’m gonna sell you motherfuckers so many clean energy calls for 1/15 after I grabbed all those shares last week
[removed]
[deleted]
Flooding of low skill labor replacements kills any chance of unionizing. How am I supposed to organize a movement if half the employees dont speak english or understand the legal system?
That bmw is over 130k
[removed]
WHY IS THIS REMOVED!? I wanted to read lol
Enough for some chicken tendies
I'm assuming that because the hype around RBLX it will climb a bit before dropping. 

Truth is RBLX is not innovative, it is a company that is going to be going from Private to Public is all. It was valued at 41.25 they will be listing around 45 is what is being discussed. 

RBLX has picked up a big user base due to the  virus. With vaccine news and kids going back to school this user base will not be as active

It makes most of its money through microtransactions in game, meaning the value it is now, will most likely be the same value or lesser come next year. 

There has been a lot more securities being put in place by Apple, Google Play, and Microsoft due to the massive amount of complaints from parents due to children using their CC's 

I see it climbing then falling my opinion which doesn't really mean shit...
im holding apple, wmt and visa
[deleted]
Battery day was a PowerPoint presentation compared to Nio day though
DISCA either giving sweet tendies next week, or dumping so I have an opportunity to go all in on them. To the fuckin moon on the back of 90 Day Fiance!
China numba one 🇨🇳
Oh my god whyy
I’m new here, what’s a BOFA account?
Gay sex and Soda would be a good band name.
[removed]
Yes
The battery swap seems most useful for long distance drives, but maybe that market is small
The problem with this fantasy is Steve Jobs is dead, and it's being run by that vanilla dork Tim Apple.
Yep, moving everything in
This is exactly how I viewed it
Did you miss the Jan 4 buildup
uh oh boys
[deleted]
Romo DGAF.  Nibba eatin pretzels on live TV.
[removed]
Pants out the grocery store they stuffed with lettuce🙄
Dumping NIO for ARKG shares and more ICLN Jan 21 45 calls. Hoping for a little pop in volatility to sell some more premium in SPY.
ARKK RUBEN
Probably a steady climb from open to EOD in preparation for the biden announcement
Selling all my twitter shares at open, fucking ball sack jack has only made me 10% gains in 5 years.
fwiw i think its a terrible idea
Imagine asking for help in this sub, instead of calling the bank to report the suspicious activitiy.

You belong here
[deleted]
cause burry
INTUIT is probably a safe bet, but what about increasing taxes means more money for INTUIT? They already have a massive business around collecting/selling customer info and charging people for things they don't need while lobbying to ensure filling taxes are inaccessible to the average joe. If anything Trump's presidency should have lead to massive growth already, with him getting rid of 1040EZ.
It's because they have nothing to do with what I said - it's become a trope response that people just say to anyone who advocates for hard work over complaining.

Obviously hard work alone doesn't cut it for everyone.  Obviously some people have more innate skills, abilities or whatever (I'm sure your wokenesss will insist on the term privilege).  Obviously some people have a head start on others.  

I'm not denying any of that.  I didn't say or mean or insist or infer anything to the contrary.  But jfc, must I spew out that litany everytime I want to say something about the value of work? 
 And for fucks sake, just quit hearing people say "Y" and "Z" when they only said "X".  Sometimes things might be interconnected, but sometimes they also have nothing to do with what was initially said.

All I said was that tugging on your bootstraps and having a go at it is more valuable than complaining about your lack of success while you sit masturbating in your moms basement.  It doesn't take a rocket scientist to come to that conclusion.
Oh god the bears were finally right! Its da rug pull maaaan! Gonna buy PLTR tho cuz i bet they get some juicy contracts tracking down domestic terrorists.
Burry is the weirdest fucking dude. Its cringe when people call themselves nostradamus and shit but he went to the next level with that whole cassandra thing. So cringe
Rona running rampant, mango causing borderline civil war. BEARS R FUK
Then use an equivalent library? I’ve had no problem with the transition to 3... it’s already been a year since they said no more 2 support
I think FCEL is the play. Sentiment is strong on it to grow over the next year.
Please let us go to 200
I'm playing ER too and have  1/22,1/29, 2/5, and 2/12. Mostly in 1/29 and 2/5
Exactly this,
I think long-term NET is still undervalued
I threw $5k in and my plan is to follow whatever comments in here I like best. 

Can’t possibly fail.
yeah nice ripoff of dumb money thesis, how bout give some credit where its due retard
AMD 🚀🚀
Dead her husband left her cause he found out dude still a touchy subject but i didnt know she was married
This is classic July 2020. 

Everyone tried riding the casinos and travel stocks (steel), stopped working after the first week, then tech showed up bigger than ever.
I no longer enjoy weekends because the market is closed

I no longer enjoy weekdays because I lose all my money

What do?
Check out r/RedditTickers the admins are working on the same thing. Very cool idea though.
Lol would love $3250 by open so I can jump out of my calls
Oh boy it’s gonna happen soon too. There are many communities which face this threat.
This is a trashing of a book written by Borat’s cousin lmao
Divide 6/18 and you get 300. That’s your profit per contract
Rsi is ridiculously high
You can lose your whole investment with leaps
Enron Oil and Gas Sandwich
because im scared
In my early 20s I barely felt a hangover drinking shitty vodka all the time. I started feeling them in my late 20s. Im 33 now and they are brutal. Im scared of what older hangovers will feel like. I also drink daily so that doesn't help.
Apple Cheerios
So overall there's tons of product engagement peripherals like this. Typically very cringe, but given the sheer population in China you might just find enough people to get it working.
Good buy!
I'll buy a bar of steel if it does. I have money in MT, Nucor, and I have orders in to get VALE calls at open.
That’ll teach him
He once played the drums
Amazon has been 3200 since July
#Green by open
Why are you bearish?
Yup
[deleted]
SLV Dumplings
🚀🚀🚀😍🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
NKLA
Get fucked gay bear
Futures are fake and gay
Agreed
Yes
Lmao I've got time on my position so I'm ready for whatever but there is a 110% chance we gap up tomorrow.
Super f***cked
#The level of paper handedness in the chat right now is appalling
Most likely yes
If Ackman announces Stripe I’m gonna nut all over the place
RIP my calls VIX is mooning like never before. Nasdaq -3% soon
Michael Burry’s Tombstone will read:

Made His Reputation on His Bet Against Collateralized Mortgage Backed Securities. Ruined by His Bet Against Lord Musk
[deleted]
GUYS there is a suspicious transaction on my BOFA account. What do I do? help
biden not gonna do shit but tank the whole market 🌈🐻 winning big this year
[I am primarily trying to advance two causes: sustainable energy & extending life/consciousness beyond Earth. There is also the existential threat of AI, which we should aspire to mitigate.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1348127793763086337?s=20)

I don’t care about valuations, as it’s clear no one else has either for months, but literally HOW could you bet against this man?

TSLA 1000 EOW.
Meh, I think the media and the people are done giving him a platform, only FOX  and OAN would even have coverage of a trump news conference, if he had one tonight, unless it's about him resigning.
If their self driving algorithm is successful you could have every car in existence paying for them. NIO is just a test run.
SPY almost doubling since its march low. 

**SPY Futures down 0.2%** 

Retard: wHy aRe wE dRillInG
Sold my tsla puts on friday, 80% loss. Not sure what in the hell I was thinking when I bought that
[removed]
Still do
14 by eow
Robot Lives Matter. JK
It's for boomers
So don't listen to a random retard on wsb.
Hes a ching
There's a bunch of great libraries that were never ported to 3. That's all I meant. No need to be a little bitch.
[removed]
All tankies are terrorists
the fact that this is only 84% upvoted means there are probably 100,000+ of these ppl on here
Uh, same to you?
What are some good plays that haven’t run up yet. Something good to hold. Ie, stocks.
Shut your whore mouth
Ok - FOMOing at open
Any documentary about bears will suck because all it will show are bears r fuk all day long.
And i do i have about $45k
it'll be well above 1000% before that bubble pops
Dude these people are wildly paper handed it’s crazy
[removed]
What about it
Let it ride
Based on what? There's no news and it's been sideways for more than a month.
Not a bad idea. OP might be right with the Amazon thing. 10 years from the high it made in 1999 before it got a new high. Tesla might be $500-$600 a share in the year 2030 after slowly climbing back up from $50 a share. lol
Super short? You really think people on this sub have a six minute attention span?
where do you see information/news about Cathie buying ?
No. Just to imply that the dick is huge.
Dumb...like a fox!
Chinese citizens are extremely satisfied with their government. Saying "fuck the CCP" is saying "fuck the opinions of Chinese citizens"
Yeah. I figured with a weekly or monthly you’re very exposed to IV with earnings since they’re often inflated going into earnings. I was thinking with a 3 month out option I’d be able to weather the storm if there was any type of crush or downfall in price but, honestly I didn’t want to leave gains on the table due to my ignorance or potentially go in the red when I could sell for a profit.
Thanks for the DD
😡
Fake news cuz
Tontinites! Unite! We will rise from the ashes and SOAR TO PLANET STRIPEEEEEEEE!
Pussy
Thank you!
Either way I’ll be happy. If it dips I buy monthlies, if it moons I buy weeklies.
i feel you - i am also looking to exchange some of the money made into shares, i believe in Tesla, SpaceX & Elon Musk!
Nothing polarizing about it. TWTR is a hard sell. Who the fuck would even buy this dip? It mark my words, TWTR is dead, and if you buy the bounce, you’re going to hold that bag and yo broke.
Do we think AMZN will dip or gap up for open?
That might be hard to do, not enough sellers
But i thot 2damoon🚀🚀
I’d give it a 🚀🚀 out of 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
But that’s what I like ?
Findom
Not paranoid at all. I don't  own any stock in it.🥴

 IDC what you do just don't assume you know what you don't know!
A shitty BMW? Why not a Tesla 😂 still too poor
GME literally could go either way.
I saw the post earlier, all I got out of it was amass overload marketing for Chinese company
Leaps
where were you when mango tweet is kill
I loaded up on HYMTF when they bought Boston Dynamics.  They are dedicated to the long-term and are ramping up R&D spending on robotics, etc.
Ryan Cohen is a billionaire that fuckin hates retirement, he's waiting to get his hands dirty and we are lucky he has his target's on gamestop.
[deleted]
45c LEAPS
think how much tsla will skyrocket when they redesign the model s...been the same design since 2012. Everyone will upgrade to the new one unless it is designed by the same designer of the cybertruck
Tell her to have her husband buy more tsla calls bc he’s obviously not providing for her very well
Thanks for the free promotion and doubling the usual price 😉
Aweeee the mods be groovin
Thanks boingo sorry ill delete my post. Im trying to teach her
Is he ready for the tax bill?
Awww you don’t understand how advertising works, that’s adorable.
Bears about to be bent over a barrel and pegged in the ass all throughout this week
Take a look at the weekly chart. That last candle is not pretty. Hanging up there with no support.

Remember to take care of your chickens and manage risk!
your band name is: The last call you bought  
The last food you ate. 

Tesla Burrito
Our mod deleted his post and banned him not the opposite, why worrying getting censored :/
NVDA AMD TSM MU
How did you know it was Thai and not some other Asian language? Or just gibberish? 🤔
[removed]
Hide yo wives, hide yo kids
Or 40c GME idk yet
Small titties and monster nipples
You're also a retard, enjoy sitting on the sideline
I'd tell anyone with a gun to my head i love them too.
The greeks on the options look Super solid as well!!! Going in tomorrow the question is are we looking ar leaps or weeklys.
🦇 🥣
Is that a blm fist?
Ass
But why didn't they put a 150kwh in the model S?
Did a trial with fubotv. Puts on FUBO.
How did I miss those!!?!?
You ok?
No sorry,  short Tesla puts 19 feb 2021
Yes, I think everyone is extremely bullish on Tesla. Just not in the short term.
It’s the other way around sir
My boomer hold of USL that I bought last April at $11 is now over $18. It almost looks like I knew what I was doing.
Probably not but i wonder ehy you are saying this is it because you have no gf
White Castle
[https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/big-short-michael-burry-predicts-tesla-stock-price-housing-bubble-2021-1-1029943006](https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/big-short-michael-burry-predicts-tesla-stock-price-housing-bubble-2021-1-1029943006)   


 

# Big Short' investor Michael Burry predicts Tesla stock will collapse like the housing bubble: 'Enjoy it while it lasts

  


YAWN
I’m just asking haha


Gotta be prepared for it to come eventually so how did they look any1 remember
[deleted]
People who bought puts. Why do you hate money? Is that a fetish or something?
Ok, so I'm pretty much the opposite of an apple fanboy, but I got to say it. If apple is serious about this EV, they might as well diversify further and start designing appliances. Its shocking how little most appliances have improved over the last decades, both in their fundamentals and gimmicks. Microwaves are pretty much identical to the very first ever manufactured, as are most other appliances. For some reason, no one is actually making truly smart appliances, or at least charging a reasonable price for the current tech.  

As much as I dislike apple, they are more them competent enough to do that, and having a huge hype machine doesn't hurt either.
Did anyone see new price target for NIO from BofA? Some dudes are saying is 70 $. Is it true or what?
Yeet these fools!
40 60 100
Just buy AppleCar+
Are the options of this even traded enough to sell back before they expire? I bought some cheap $31 late dec calls back in like October and they went so far down in price I just sold them for dirt
Im retard
Don’t buy the stock then, doesn’t make any difference to me
[removed]
*yawn* it’s called slim-fit

It’s disgusting how being fat aka ‘thicc’ has been normalized
Holy fuck my guy it is 6:24 and we are down less than .2% on SPY you are a coward
I don’t get it either tbh
You good imo
Just buy Nio pretty much
Like they did on September 3
Don’t remind me of that ill fated month
Steel gang turn tf up
This original video is absolutley hilarious. "DO ITTT!! DO ITTT"
Bold move cotton
Dear God
Good call, thank you!
Shit just realised this was 6 days ago and up 35% since....smh
The way the market's pricing in EVs, combined with NVDA's consolidation, the fundamentals of the whole thing don't matter imo
Concessions: I was just a businessman doing business.
Why are their dicks out
Most colleges are a 4 year sleepaway camp with a few lessons in discipline and responsibility.
Does anyone know why people buy shares they plan on holding instead of LEAPS? Same leverage with a fraction of the cost. I want to buy them training wheels every time I see “I bought 200 shares but holding long”
Tilray?
End of year but definitely not Monday. Due for a pullback.
He's right yes, but if the stonk crashes from 1800 to 950 he'd still lose billions
Id like to know
Millions of people supported Hitler too, and that war wasn't easy either. In the end it is right that makes might, rather than the other way around. 

On a personal note, enjoy becoming everything you hated as a nation by doing to others exactly what the Japanese did to you. It's a wonderful coming of age tradition.
Oh you poor, poor 🌈🐻
Literally can't hit even with VIX at 80
Pretty sure some guy lost 8mil on weekly/monthly puts back in April
Bi.tc.oin T shaped day graph. Tsla 1000 confirmed.
Mms signaling to us
Already took off
Bought in when they dropped to 510 last week, kinda hoping it happens again because they’re gunna smash earnings in feb
I am trying to not lose her money thats why im only looking for 15% return
PLTR looking to push to 30's, planning to grab a position tmrw for 30c 2/19
Green by open.
Stop I can only nut so hard. Seriously though My life would change overnight for the better
Literally the entirety of Reddit is infiltrated by the CCP. This site has *no* security (captcha) and the voting systems makes it a prime candidate for manipulation. This site is a majority of bots, shills and propaganda and has been for many years now. Some of y'all need to wake up and pay attention.
The calls i bought Friday would appreciate that bigly
This cracks me up
Like if you didnt get into sol... i dunno you hate money. Sol dipped like tsla when they did a bought deal and bounced hard. So logically sol to 1 trillion
Fuck, this actually all makes sense. I'm closing my Twitter longs. I never liked the value above $35 anyways.
PSTH is _______ ?
[deleted]
PLUG the next TSLA of Hydrogen fuels.   Is there anyone else to compete with their growth and capabilities ?  3/19 55C
fo sho danny d
Futes are NOT drilling.  If you think flat is drilling I dont what to tell you
[removed]
We appreciate your services
I did sell some and made about $70K off various really high covered calls. One concern someone mentioned is that selling covered calls resets short term vs long term gains. Need to understand if that’s true.
The part about supply shock of labor is super helpful. I always see people throwing charts around about how screwed up it is that we get paid less for the same jobs as 50 years ago but I suppose it makes sense that population increases and global integration makes individuals “replaceable”

It sucks but at least there’s a reason aside from “rich people bad” that gets thrown around as the sole cause of blame
[removed]
Bro last time BA plane crashed it dipped like 7-10%
I’ve seen weirder shit happen that’s why I say that lol
Just going to leave this here for the OGs

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/c75d5x/type_yy_into_google/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
🚀
More fucked than me with 5k shares of pltr at 29?
They don't wanna ban this sub considering how much cash WSB spends on awards
What are you talking about? Community is thriving with 3. You sounds like some retard just learned what Python was... python is great language for beginners and to get shit done quick.

Sure, I use Typescript, Golang, C, etc. during my day job, but it's for particular reasons (go is amazing for infra because of goroutines, typescript for react, c for microcontrolers, etc., but Python overall is great for anything basic.
Your $100 puts are expiring worthless bud
I honestly thing aapl it gonna have a really
Good week.
[removed]
Man all these tickers all time charts are parabolic except for FCEL. That may be good for a 4-5 bagger if it can get back to its previous levels
Touché
[deleted]
????
Thats the quality DD we're here for, thanks retard!
Nice $20 premium baggot
How did futures look before  September 4
u better have $200 to give back to her when u lose her money
you're being drawn to Asia, just like the economic center of the world
Which is why I sold my weeklies
Dam. I’m going to sell now from this. 

Thank you stranger. I needed this reality check.
So puts on on🚀🚀🚀 lmfaooo
If BA tanks 6% or more I’m buying dip
I’m honestly ok with a lil red tomorrow. Would feel weird to win for so many days in a row.


Just not too red plz
I believe it will, probably won’t go all in at open tho
CVS calls are printing tmr
Only up 100% in last 20 days
PAPA BEZOS MAKE LIKE A BANANA AND SPLIT THE STOCK!
People like you should not be in the market.
Wow this was quick! Just saw the original posted not too long ago
And I was like
Lmao these red futures are hilarious. Nothing could convince me that we will end red tomorrow.
I don't know if she wants to keep exactly 10% TSLA, but she can't exceed 10% of portfolio for any single stock.  As of Friday, TSLA is 10.9% of ARKK, probably because of the late rally.

But my broader point is: no 'smart money' is buying TSLA at this point, they are just keeping their position and trimming as it goes up.  The only way I see TSLA going up more is: 1) shorts covering, 2) retail FOMO, and 3) MMs hedging YOLO calls.  I suspect most shorts were squeezed last week, and I doubt retail will be able to move the needle enough going forward.  Maybe I'm proven wrong tomorrow...
I’m saying people here are panicking easily retard, not that we’re definitely going green.
🥛
TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Eat the rich? Lmao eat this dick
Helmet on and shield ready to hold the line if necessary
Why wait for merger date? My dude you make no sense...
Not even trying with that username 😂😂😂
[deleted]
Lambo or nothing
Onlyfans growth is a function of job automation
Homeless people buy weed right? Ok good.
I'm very long term bearish on TSLA but I think it can continue it's bull run for another little while
Ah I see now, I stand corrected
ICLN EOW?

ICLN EOM?

ICLN EOY?



80x 45c 6/15 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Ban
Closer to 700
Positions?
You better have 50k+ in your account to be making dumb gambles like that
Kinda like my Xbox friends who never got back online
[removed]
Agreed. It's simple math.
Nio? Or too late?
TLRY.... TLDR.... SAW 🚀... I WILL BUY
Thoughts on QQQJ leaps ?
[removed]
Imagine Elon says his focus is only on getting to Mars now. Appoints another CEO. TSLA -50% AH lol
Lol dont have to time the first dump. Just follow momentum
Make tomorrow red and the rest of the week green so I can take huge gains from selling puts and moving them into shares
[removed]
Yuck
You forgot to add a zero man
Look what one of our fellow retards made holy shit 
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuoecz/tesla_to_the_moon/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb
I just looked at your profile and I’ll be honest it just looks like a bunch of arbitrary lines on a screen to me. How can I learn more about this?
Heyyy a good mod. Thanks man or wo-man.
Edit: username suggests your name is ryan so probably a male but cant be too sure.

Edit 2: im just trying not to get canceled up in here
He didn't tell me his ticker 😤
This subreddit is surprisingly and refreshingly unpartisan. Its going to be a shame when reddit starts enforcing its political views here
Regardless, its a good long play
R/WSBAdultSwim
What if I just buy some calls for Jan 2022. 45$ strike. 

Will that work?
I hope that was on Nickelodeon too 😂
It is one. It’s been posted a lot.
You bought puts when the market is going up? Wow you really are retarded Godspeed dude
BB BB BB BB BB BB BB BB
Could you share how to scan reddit using python? Appreciate!
TSLA $1000 monday
That's crazy but goodluck I'll be keeping an eye on it.
Yea our mortality is something we definitely shouldn’t be taken for granted. Life is short but hopefully good enough to make it worth it
Apparently she’s has horrible taste in men
Right. Lol
Why are we drilling? Stocks only go up!
I mean honestly theta gang is where it’s at 

#ganggang
as long as nio moons, thats all I need tbh
Someone drilling your cheeks?
Yeah for those of us who were here for that, it actually became the norm to see 100 runs daily. Those were the days.
Has anyone in WSB put 500K+ in one single weeklie play before?
Fuck u - TSLA 🚀🚀🚀
Roku's low cost for entry and partnerships with television manufacturers has made it an absolute force.

Bull signs include Draft Kings tripling their ad spend on the platform.

[Even The ROKU channel is getting traction with 14% growth between quarters \(more than the 11% install base for ROKU\)](https://twitter.com/GrousARK/status/1347559092575985664).

But like I said, I'm excited for Roku's future and earnings (I think February), I'm just waiting for a dip this week or next because of their run-up.
🟢
One hell of an fd
No such thing as a guarantee retard. 15% weekly compounds to 143,314% annually.
Ah haha ya that would be a problem watching stocks while flying. No problem. Congrats. You are correct that you’ve already won big. 🙌
Or you can not be a pussy and hold your shares till 69420$.
Bears predicted 547 of the last 3 crashes
If it hits 30 this week I’ll buy a lambo
calls on SWBI
thanking you for post Nio is great and America is full of wonderful citizens who are smart and intelligent great food great culture. Very smart Americans invest in Nio. Tesla is very good too friendly competition Elon Musk verrrry cool! Papa Elon haha!!! But Nio is good too maybe put all money Nio instead. I’m American I love shake shack.
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Try not to fuck around. 

Fuck around. 

Find out.
There's plenty of toxic, degenerate behavior that I've seen over the three years I've been on here. 

The one thing I've never seen tolerated on here by the mods AND the community is racism.
I'm seeing more and more onlyfans links on ig bios.

I wonder if they would've eventually made them even if covid never happened.
SQ 260 EOM
I hope he’s already rich cause a depreciating asset is retarded to buy with gains early in life.

Also.. not a Tesla¿
NGA is a great one
Could be a sell the news event
>something called r/genzedong

They’re great, they’re authoritarian communists who hate the US for its poor human rights record but simp for Kim jong un
Harder please
Damn, you guys really hate BMW.
ass up with a green cock in it
Can’t wait to sell you guys some super far OTM puts on BA tomorrow
Smells like desperation in this thread
[removed]
Yeah id rather lick the butthole
Pennystocks are bannes on WSB
I heard u/richtofin115 gives guys blowjobs for $25 a pop.
They’re the type to sell when something falls $0.50 then rebuy once it’s up $5.
tHe DoLlAr iS wOrThLeS
[deleted]
Dr. Mantis Toboggan is the only medical expert I trust
Well I was thinking about selling my ICLN calls to go all in on Lobbies, but how can I now.
In Feb
What’s AAPL doing this week?
Yeah, there was this guy on wsb that used this stock to sell (cash secured?) puts and he got fucked hard.
That's a great question. My program brings up close to all the stocks mentioned in each sub throughout the week. I then filter out all the TSLA and meme stocks of the world and look for the lesser known ones. I then do some light DD on each to make sure they're not PnD schemes. That's the level of humane curation I would like to automate in the future but I'm not there yet :)
YOLO UVXY $270C 1/15
You forgot the 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Thank you random redditor
Are you retarded?
PLTR did this too and dropped for a good bit until options came along.
this is just random af in every direction, which usually means you're about to lose everything
Naw, at open, which means they reflect the closing 1pm price
😭😭😭😭😭😭
[deleted]
Shit, starting to drill
Lets go think sol has a lot more room to run! SOL 200
Fuck you if you’re bearish on tesla
West Texas Intermediate futures’ nearest contract on Friday traded at a premium to the following month for the first time since May 2020, moving into a bullish backwardation structure that signals expectations for tightening supplies.
Reddit has been swarming with them. CCP doesn't like its 150mil investment criticizing it.
🦾
Idk ? Why do you like eating ass?
[deleted]
I see. What happened in September?
Don’t tell me how to live my life
Fcel
Then it’ll hit it by Friday
Tomorrow is make or break for my GME holdings. That conference better blow people’s tits off.
[deleted]
right when i needed it most

thank you for the inspiration OP
CLF and MT = free money
Tesla is overbought and on an island. Have a feeling that people that FOMOd into short dated calls will get burnt. It will continue going up but most likely not in the short term.

Never play FOMO.
[removed]
Tesla 90p 1/15
Well throwing them out early means less profit so I doubt they're doing that.
Change from limit to stop lol
Why are bears so fucking gay? Riddle me that
2500 shares at $9.35.

I win.
Why not just buy IPOE now?
You are, I have faith in you😀
Wow she's hot, never seen a hot Econ grad student before
I deleted all my social media accounts. I keep a couple reddit throw away accounts for subs like this and very specific hobbies/interests. 

It's amazing. I'm dumping as much big tech as I can. Probably going to reinstall Linux on my PC and run my trader workstation on that. 

Other than my phone, I'm pretty sure I can get rid of them. (maybe except Excel and word).
This is WSB
Lol
GME GANG
yep
Lmfaoooo
I have 3000 NIO shares and 20 monthlies I’m holding. 

Sold my 50 x 58c 1/15 for 100% gain on Friday to mitigate my risk/exposure. 

If NIO goes up bigly tomorrow I’ll never forgive myself for selling, if I see an uptrend probably gonna fomo and throw 20k into 65c 1/15 at 1010pm EST.
Lol ur so fucked
Little hershey kiss nips are the best. Also when the aeroles arent huge like flapjacks cause that gross
The true autism has just begun
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Try r/nofap and maybe your ED with girls will be corrected
Question: can you set up the bot to record the memberlist weekly and DM everybody where to go in the event of a shut down?
Because it takes less time than to post here and bitch about it?
You can be right and still lose money btw.
Hell yes! That would be 600% increase! It will probably stagnate worse than GME though.
When is the listing?
Can't wait to sell my IV crushed NIO covered call then dump all my shares and read NIO loss porn
[removed]
Nope that might me just BA lmao
Anyone know how to set stops on options for ToS?
I need it to $25 this week tho
going to long Tesla put
Best NIO exp??
I remember when I was in middle school.
Why not go all in now? Why wait for merger?
I got a put before close Friday we will see
Back in March, futures opened and limited down within 5 minutes. The next day was not a red day, it was massively green. We had bottomed the day before, futures were wrong, and the rally started.
That's a lot of overhead for a drop-off location when the market trend is to ship to your door.

Plus Gamestop's true competition are the game-platforms like Steam, XBox Pass, Playstation Store, even Stadia. Not Amazon. Who don't have to spend money on B&M, huge staff pay-rolls, logistics, physical copies, or having a factory itself to produce them.

A preferred method by every game publisher. uPlay, Origin, Battlenet, Epic Store, etc

Gamestop will likely have a smaller catalogue as indie studios aren't gonna waste time & money printing physical copies. And the margins way lower.

I've often wondered if Steam went through the effort of wanting to distribute physical copies, where you can download the game as it's being shipped to you. Including a market place for  collectibles; very much like how they sold their VR kit and hardware. Gamestop's PC market segment would almost vanish.

I wish ya'll the best on getting those tendies tho, and I'm prepared to punch myself in the face when you do.
Short Tesla calls 😎
[deleted]
🐂 8======✊🏿==D💦🐻  🌈🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀ICLN🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
We’ve been gapping down since SPY was 250. 🥴👍
I’m hard
I wish. . .
🤡
Popular opinion: Futures don't matter.  only🚀🚀🚀's
You’re right! That makes byd a good investment
....continue
Idk someone said hk ipo coming soon
Whether it’s food or nipples, I like pepperoni pizza
Can’t get one. Doesn’t exist. Don’t over complicate it.
Battery day was hyped up even more than this nio bs, all these autistics were hyping it for months only for it to crush their calls lol
Busy day in icu, just popped into to say Bears are F
Bulge the headlights and fenders a tad for that better pseudo-Porsche vibe
Dow isn’t absolutely tanking which means my BA might be alright 😅
S&P inclusion last week, I think.
Some of the fires were in an area that was occupied and considered themselves a “Sovereign zone” after declaring their independence 🤡 😂. Or have we forgotten about chaz or whatever those clowns called it

So no I don’t see the difference in magnitude
It’s not gay if I watched it twice just to confirm if he was really shooting bears in the dick, right?
I’ve got stake in GOEV, thinking about adding more on the news that they may be tied to Apple’s car project
Okay guys going to buy 5 contracts of es.
Literally lol
PHIL SIMMS HAS TITS FULL OF MILK
Feel this
What are your New Years resolutions for this year? I am getting serious about fitness. Fitness dick in your mouth.
Watch MT hit $30 this week
There are entire communities online you can find about this stuff.

Start with looking into the people who are digital nomads and where they base themselves out of; probably a good starting point for digging around.

Also look into where US Expats tend to end up.

Lots of people ditch the US for an average life in other countries every year. A young couple I am friends with moved to Japan and my buddy went from working at a Coffee shop to doing physical labor on a farm. Different strokes I guess.
[deleted]
You clearly have very little understanding of the term asymptomatic, it’s possible to be asymptomatic with Ebola and spread it. You don’t have to be dying on the table 
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10881895/
You clearly have very little understanding of how diseases work so just stop.
I read a few articles before seeing your post and they didn’t mention the current vision of GME primarily moving to e-commerce to compete with Amazon. That’s what sold me, I can see that vision. My question is, do you think brick and mortar GME store will slowing decline in the next few years? And what’s your overall timeframe for holding? I’m thinking 5-10 years.  Thanks for the post!
They dont right now. Thats why the new investor you mentioned, his name is Ryan Cohen, is key to the equation here. His previous company Chewy competed against Amazon and won out. The way I understand things he did it exactly by nailing the things currently missing in Gamestop. A passion for good customer service, employees who know what they are talking about and sacrificing short term profits for long term customer loyalty. Everything Amazon cant provide but which people want. If anyone can turn Gamestop into what it needs to be it is Ryan Cohen. 

He was actually offered a chair on the board of directors but rejected it and wrote a scathing letter to management where he made it clear that he wouldnt find much use for a single seat on a board full of people who have lead GME down the horrible path it has been on for the last few years. Implying he wants to take the CEO spot of the company or remake the board or more likely both.
They got a little pump on S&p inclusion
Is it bro?
Biden's having a chat
hold on lemme first learn how to "save" this to my google drive. I'm slow.
[deleted]
**This**
When the Wolves howl at the golden moon of the spring equinox.
[deleted]
[removed]
I think Twitter is nearing the end. Has never been profitable and about to lose millions of users. Probably a win for society.
Eat the rich. Doom and gloom. I feel it. Down in my plums. Let the boy watch!!
Don't grip it to hard.
[deleted]
FSUGY
[removed]
Everyone has to learn somehow/somewhere ... I suppose my comment was more directed at the mainstream-ness of WSB that one would feel safe to ask on this sub.  That certainly wasn't the case when I started browsing.

r/options has a "no dumb questions" thread which would be an ideal place to post that question.
Why do people  have feet fetishes? Why do you wanna lick a stinky sweaty feet thats been all day in a stinky sock?
I sold at $120 🤡🤡🤡 bought CSIQ instead
Robinhood doesn't allow you to trade OTC stocks because some of them are riskier investments than securities traded on NYSE/NASDAQ. Since Robinhood users are too smoothbrained to understand risk management, the  platform would implode as the entire user base falls victim to pump and dump schemes if they were to allow trading of OTC securities.
Holy fuck some of you have one ply toilet paper hands. Futes open down 0.1% for ten minutes and ya'll get all gay and bearish
Is it time to get a new backpack? The top pouch for the CD player is starting to tear
There's a reason people talk shit about Chinese products, though. Also, a story about computer monitors:

(IIRC it was a Chinese fellow) A guy working at a capacitor producer stole the method of making the capacitors. However, he forgot a part when he took the idea to produce them himself. These capacitors made their way into monitors and led to problems with the capacitors bulging and failing. Basically, he stole the idea, messed up a part, and led to a bunch of monitors shitting the fan. I don't know if you ever had a monitor that literally just need a cap replaced, but it was common for a little bit sometime ago (early 2000s? I can't remember).
That’s a keep. Everybody needs to see this and suffer as I did.
Alright Musk how about you get the Cybertruck, Tesla Semi, Mega chargers, FSD, Model S Plaid, new battery product lines, and the Tesla Roadster going before you start promising new shit?

&#x200B;

er, I mean TSLA to the MOON literally cannot go tits up I believe in you daddy ELON!
What is?
Yahoo Finance App
Crazy reach that you think the CCP is behind it, It's mostly just a indiviual trying to pump NIO up.
What happened to Ruqqus
burry called the housing crash, v shaped recovery, and gme moon. and robinhood tards think hes wrong about tsla lmao yall bout to be licking boots for money if ur still on calls
Should of been brought but the rocket still fueling lol welcome
Puffy like a macaron plz
Just had a dream with people talking in the Thai language.  I don’t even know any Thai. what’s happening? Lol.
1000 EOD
🥱🥱🥱
I will become a millionaire by the end of 2021. I will escape the rat race. And I will lose it all on a YOLO GME put 

&#x200B;

p: $CMC 88 contracts 26.51 call
Actually I think the intel agents running the software did but point taken Alex
I resisted the urge to buy tsla calls on Friday so based off my previous experience tsla will rally tomorrow.
If you take the 1 away yeah
Bullish on the Bears
What’s on Thursday?
I got banned already once for a previous post where I called it that, trying bot to get banned again lol
Still salty about my oil plays Friday. Shit had a 4% gain and the drillers shit themselves
People need to spend that stimmy on Timmy
Did anybody else see this chart?

https://amp.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/ktxcuo/oc_subreddits_with_most_links/

And am I blind Or is WSB not on there?
Fuck these CCP VIE bullshit stonks, send em back to China bitches
PBW
What expiry you playing? I’m on 1/29 for ER + hopeful tech rotation
[deleted]
🥴🥴🥴
Fcel to $25 by March🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
A few thousand cars a year is not going to bump NVDA's revenue much. That's probably why.

May be good PR though, plus ARK had been buying NVDA lately
Yeah at the age where its still kind of freak stuff people die my age from but imagine it gets much worse.
Any second now it’s going to turn green
180 at 6’3”? Skinny boi
can confirm
GOEV
Congrats!  My calls printed EVERYDAY this week.  Make sure to take some profit and let the rest ride.
Yeah except for that "one day" was  Jan 6th. If Trump's people invaded the capital "all summer" nobody would be calling for his removal. Doing it on Jan 6 while Congress was in secession transferring power, different sorry
[removed]
I'll buy tesla if it reaches $25-$50
Okay i am trying tk help out my gf is there any weekly call that will return like 15% guaranteed next week she only has like $200 in her account
What’s your position
*A single tear graced her porcelain cheeks*
When I get my tendies I'm not even getting bar-b-q sauce cus its too close to “bear”
[deleted]
Thanks bud, appreciate!
MACHINE GUN JUBBLIES
Pls
Why nahhh shares??
[deleted]
Just hold long term and watch it go to the hundreds
Its all relative. If they rip all year and 2x again you’d think theyre cheap now right? Deploy half so you dont miss out on upside if dip never really comes
Wait..you’re saying there’s no proof of concentration camps for Muslims in China? 
Are you retarded or is Winnies dick lodged in your trachea? 

And stfu with the whataboitism both dictatorships suck and should be eradicated.
It’s not impossible 🚀🚀🚀
Puts on Samsung 

This idle tv timer bullshit is probably the worst tech feature I have ever experienced 

Yes I know I can change it. No I do not intend to take the time to do so.
They expire next year, they just might print.
Big tiddy small nipple
I remember back over the summer when Hong Kong sank over 6 %% and we were down almost 3 %% only to end the next day green fucking insane
Lots of stocks do that every day, 9% isn’t a big deal. 20% today will be though
[deleted]
You know that’s not true. Even Cathie Wood has a LinkedIn and she definitely fucks.
Corona has been priced in. The only downside is that recovery has been priced in as well. My question is, small cap debt fuck ups, when they will be priced in?
Everyday until we die
Ah yes classic MS paint, I actually used movie maker but thx
South parks only on hbo max js
Are you ready and willing to hold through TSLA’s 2000-style “dip” ?

Considering most everyone here has calls, not shares, I’m guessing the answer is no.
COOFIES
Green or Red tomorrow Tesla is still gapping down lol
Thursday brother
[removed]
TESLA CALLS 😎
Obviously you are brainwashed by CCP! Fuck CCP!
>Everyone knows that NVDA and NIO are partnering to develop EVs, but I haven't seen near the hype about NVDA that I have with NIO. 

What?

They're gonna provide a few chips for some EV OS systems.

Probably close to cost to get in the game.

Similar to AMD and the new consoles.
Buybacks are more tax efficient. You get long term capital gains tax instead of income tax.
What? Like what are you saying?
Ban
I’d want calls for 1/29. Get some of that ER love too.
Look at fcel
you too friend!
Nobody tell bears about the playoff game right now
I think you meant $SEARS? You definitely meant $SEARS
[deleted]
I can’t believe GOEV dipped to $12. With that said $15 is still a buy in my opinion... $18-20 in the very near future without a big partnership announcement.
Me and you.
Do you guys prefer large or small nips
[deleted]
Hearing my grandparents talk about being the last of their friends left is some sad stuff
Oof
GME
👁️👃👁️
Yeah, make money both ways. No point in sitting there doing nothing or losing money.
>🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀ONLY AMERICA HAS BEEN TO THE MOON🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀
>
>🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀ONLY AMERICA CAN GO TO THE MOON🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀

And also the Soviet Union, Japan, the European Space Agency, China, India, Luxembourg, Israel.
ICLN is printing again tomorrow right?
Face
Thanks for the advice.el will do next dd
Prediction for this game:

🐻 r fuk
GRUNDLE GRAB
Still in line with first amendment is my only argument here mate, I don't need the laundry list of why you think it's bad that's a different argument
The amount of info you have is unreal. Thanks again for taking the time to respond. I think you may have put 1 wrinkle on my brain. Ima go smooth it out with dabs
Google it man. It’s literally on this subreddit
I'm talking major political events or market moving events, terrorist attacks, international war, etc.
All and none, timing.
And Robinhood didn’t work that day lmaooo
He also said, "lol thanks for holding this week retards we might break 25 at most" not too late to dump that trash and make money with steel gang
Alright . We back to the grind tomorrow . Happy trading
TAINTS
I think I would hear if they died
Any good tickers (EV/renewable energy) that haven’t been bid up like crazy already?
I be been a NVDA bagholder for a while now. Lots of people too scared to invest because the ARM deal is being looked at by regulators. Typical big tech BS. It's well past due for a takeoff.
Bear fuk
Vagene
well if god said so it must be true
Bro I’ll see you at end of Q1 when spy is 420 on 4/20
flair this man; Protector of a free autistic republic
Looking at futures on investing.com :)
I think so
I've been balls deep for a week just waiting for the pop
r/milanavayntrub
Did you autists forget rule #1 - buy the rumour, sell the news
Tomorrow we will get a blowoff top. Mark my words. SPY 383 then finish red.
That happened two days ago.
BOOBIES & BLOWIES
I don't know why you're on this sub. And that random woman named cathie has forgotten more about finance than you will ever know lol
Went large on this play!  🤞🏽
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say green for NIO and nvidia
Some guy sent an email to gme management asking about Ryan Coehn's presence, confirmed he was not on the list
Amen
Jack ma was probably at the battery plant
I think taxes comes in the summer or late fall. Corona will probably bog it down
Mods can you please delete this? Sigh, I have to do everything around here.
Never trust titty boys
Never seen so many autists this hyped just to lose all their money tmrw
[deleted]
0.8%
😂
I halfway feel like El Presidente is going to do that "Emergency Broadcast" thing tonight and have a fireside chat with us about a casual civil war and how our 401k's will benefit. Market is way too calm while we're in immense political turmoil domestically and also with Erahn.
"THE FUCK?" 

Bears during the Saints game..

..but also tomorrow at market open 😂😂😂😂😂😂
[removed]
Now you idito
Bears are the worst
Buying ILCN calls
As someone who plays both sides of the market, bears don't try to "time the top" usually. We try to find the short-term pullbacks when things go euphoric, but play the long side too until then.
I appreciate the help. Even if I get dicked and it ends up selling at 830 or 820 a share, it’s still life changing money. I’m up over 700% from what I bought them. If that dips to 650% yeah it would suck, but I’ll be okay. I’m going through pilot training right now and our flights can take up to 6 hours, can’t really be on my phone in the plane haha
Will you shut up man
I got shares, and I'm hoping for a lyft partnership announcement
bullish as always
You mean your wife’s boyfriend?
Looked at this like “the NFL’s gone public?”
Oh dear God the reliability...
Example of stemmiconducties?
Quick synopsis of who is fucked tomorrow?
Most consoles are promoting diskless usage. PS5 even has a cheaper option without a disk drive. Microsoft lets you play all the games on the system for a monthly fee, you no longer need to pay for a AAA game to play it. A physical disc is locked to a piece of hardware and backwards compatibility is not always guaranteed. MS is pushing for emulated games and currently it requires a disk, but the disk is used to confirm you own it, the game itself is all a softcopy online. Now add to the fact that a digital game is instantly delivered and accessible while you have to wait at least 2 days for a CD to ship. I think the used market argument is lame as it's a tiny part of the market. It's a bunch of bytes on a storage medium, it has no real value as that information can often be pirated and some games require online confirmation, accounts, downloads for patches, etc. Convenience generally trumps price and the digital marketplaces give you that. That's why Netflix and Spotify won, no one cares about physical copies anymore. I can understand the Collector and Hobbyist market though. Selling collectors merch for exorbitant markups for pieces of plastic is definitely how you get whales to throw you money and something that these online marketplaces lose without microtransactions or the ability to ship collector bundles.
Might gro some balls and buy calls on Hyundai and Tim apple
MILKERS
Well, not unexpected lol
[removed]
GILD gang this is our week!  $1k —> $100k 
GILD calls gonna print with BO at $75-$80.

JPM Heatlhcare conference starting tomorrow through the 15th.  Calls still cheap.

https://www.griproom.com/fun/it-looks-like-gilead-is-about-to-merge-with-roche
Legs the rest surgery can fix
Preach
Idiot turned 10k into that much money and bought a car?

What a fucking idiot.
CCP bot. Mods ban this communist!

Use paragraphs next time.
How green will we open tomorrow? Big fat money green?
Time to load some charmin calls
This is the way
Good point. The Paris news should come within the first month I would think?
And retard forget Tesla will crush NIO… even in China.
and they spell out disaster for you
Sucks period when you get old enough to start seeing friends your age die suddenly of natural causes.
You wasted a lot of words for what people thought 9 months ago.  You aren’t jumping to any conclusions that no one else has, good job. Also they don’t have cheaper prices than competitors like BYD or Roewe and aren’t really close.
So calls on NIO? This bang bus 🚌 is dead son
Don't you know that Buffett and Gates work there as cashiers? They will vaccinate your ass the moment you pick up the phone
My name is Retard, for we are many.
When are Option open interest numbers updated? Are the OIs that are shown in barchart reflect the OI at the start of the trading day on friday or at the end of the day?
[removed]
You’re condoning being a bear, not ok
Red by night, green by morning
Lmao u big mad. 

Fuck the CCP btw
GILD gang this is our week!  $1k —> $100k 
GILD calls gonna print with BO at $75-$80.

JPM Heatlhcare conference starting tomorrow through the 15th.  Calls still cheap.
Well, it’s TSLA tho
GME
Red at night bulls delight. Red in the morning bears still fuk
Must’ve been QS
Red day tomorrow or green dayV
?
Huh?
My moves tomorrow are to look at the market all day knowing damn well that no matter what happens I'm not doing anything because everything I own are shares or October+ calls.
So...he folded I guess ?
[removed]
Ok what about next week then?
It was only a small old workshop it won’t have any impact
Basically anyone who follows Sir jack a lot included
They really need a standard like for gas cars. I know most companies use the same charging port for their electric vehicles, the only exception being Tesla but they do at least give an adapter to use non Tesla charging stations, but yeah, Apple will probably be Apple and have a unique charging port.
BERS R 🌈 N FUK!!!
🟢 by open ?
Pog
Fucking boomers
[deleted]
Futures only matter if it confirms your bias.
I wish I was smart enough to run an algo
“Likes to fuck.”
Spy forming a k shaped recovery to all time highs
Tesla calls
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
you would think, but nothing makes sense anymore, can't even make money after a good earnings anymore
Lord Cohen the Penetrator of they 🌈 🐻
[China has been selling...](https://www.scmp.com/economy/china-economy/article/3112343/us-debt-china-how-big-it-and-why-it-important)
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CHBkBUYghFd/?igshid=1h212yz2y75bk
there has been no big news over weekend aswell so nothing major moves
Bears are fuk really really big until the 2030s just buy stuff
Buying arkg and ttd calls
#BOOBIES
[deleted]
I was also considering something that scans the top YouTube finance guys / Twitter / Google trends then compares this with price action by pinging tickers.
I would literally cry
Calls on local plumbing company
As much as I want it to, it ain't happening
[removed]
I knew something was fishy about that ass pic she sent me.

Hmmm....
All in on NIO?
[deleted]
This.
[deleted]
[removed]
You clearly have very little understanding of how diseases work so just stop. 

If something makes you "bleed out of every orifice" and kills you, you have little chance of spreading it. The virus dies with you.

If something can be spread to your family at Thanksgiving and you think you have allergies or a cold, and 4 days later grandma has her first COVID symptoms, the virus has successfully transmitted.

It's stupidity and ignorance on top of disbelief and conspiracy theory that have gotten us so far
Alex Karp, CEO of PLTR: "We stopped the biggest Terrorist attacks you never heard of."
Boobs obviously
Timbo Slice about to kill some bears this week.
Where my GigaChads at??
Feet
Yes
[deleted]
[deleted]
Me four
The only answer is VALE. Bought March and June calls 3 weeks ago. Printing like crazy.
-0.05%: SELL!!! 

+0.01%: Bears getting slaughtered!!!
Legs.
All in AAPL 2/5 135c 140c
Amen
Take the last of my coins
When NIO moon ?
LOL...just saw the cross post from another sub. You guys are really delusional and pathetic.
If they somehow pull off SpaceX I can’t even imagine the moon shot
That was disappointing but the GS $232 upgrade is more important
'tis the rumor

https://stocktwits.com/symbol/NIO
Dick
Ruthless.
You can tell who wasn’t here when markets limited down within 5 minutes of futures opening and rallied hugely green when markets actually opened.
Plywood and nails.

One question though. Who against who?
Heard about the american hustle? It's called shut the fk up and buy calls
This is exactly what CCP said! Too simple, something naive!
Dude there is like 2 other websites people buy from regularly. Tesla is basically dead already, a bunch of idiots hyping it up doesnt change that. Usually car companies put out a new model every 4-5 years. The model S is 9 years old and they dont even have a new body style in the works.
*Boomers are selfish cunts and fucked everyone.
Your brain is dripping garbage water
[deleted]
Well the IV crush that people talk about is when idiots buy way OTM options around earnings for which they pay a lot of premium due to high IV. After earnings, even if they are right in their directions the stocks doesn’t move enough to cover the expected move so they end up losing money as the IV volatility, and hence premiums, collapse after earnings. Of course, the opposite can happen where as market had a expected move we’ll below the realized move and that is when you make bank or lose a lot if you’re selling premium
Ok, so this is the thing it seems a lot of people are missing. Starting a fire is super different than what happened at the Capitol. Yes, both are bad and are crimes, but the magnitude is WAY different.
Is this good for QS?
And they're actually garbage too
For real.  What did he make, like 60k?  Sure let’s blow that on a car.  If you got 300k sitting in something else, sure.
Finally, the world's first affordable car
Do/have you ever sold covered calls?
Incoming: "Market is down 0.06%, market crash imminent" comments
50/50
GME 17.50, on this day Lord Cohen responded to thy  🌈 🐻 and a message to thy retards “it’s going to be a fun ride”
No finance course should ever teach people what a put is. CMV
puts on your underwear
So if we add $70 to their price tag, NIO will be at $140 tm 🚀🚀🚀
It means it’s time to buy more
Boobs or ass?
When they don't have a LinkedIn
Brokers should ban bears
What’s a gain?
Hmm kinda looks like a MS paint kinda job to me
Fuck it, I’m all in.
End of the year, maybe. Not this week..
Ever think about how some of your homies here could die suddenly and you would just think they ghosted you
cannabis & stimmyconducties 😎😎
Porque no los dos?
[deleted]
How we feelin’ bout tsla?
[deleted]
Always have been
It seems to have the right ingredients for a jump. I might go in with 1k-2k.
No no I meant 25k vehicle, not share price. I’ll updoot you for the optimism though
"Elon grab me a Bud Light"
Ok bears, weekend is almost over. Log off the McDonald's wifi and head back to your dumpster, see you next Saturday!
That’s retarded enough to work
Your local Wendy's is equipped with one of those red telephones that directly connects you to an open phone line where you can chat to other traders here
You post in r/sino and praise the Chinese government. I would’ve thought you’d love abuses of power.
I’m still bitter about uranium after selling my URA leaps about $30,000 too early
Things explode in China all the time. No biggie
ICLN 🚀🚀🚀🚀
$12533
am i rock. yes
So losing you will make a flying fuck of a difference.
icln pyramid scheme? U’ll be buying my bags in a year
[deleted]
i'm makin money this week
Blue or pink
Keep sleeping on Timmy 🍏 everyone
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All my 3rd eye do is spit sticky goo all over 😢
I have no idea what I’m doing but I’m buying 1008 shares of PSTH tomorrow!
You may be talking about my work on r/RedditTickers. It includes sentiment analysis and trending option contracts.
BEARS FUK CONFIRMED
Yup
Somehow I feel like this is bullish. We are gapping straight up at open tomorrow.
[deleted]
🍉
Seems like huge battery plant in China just exploded couple hours ago.

Bullish?
[removed]
[deleted]
So basically what you're saying is that tesla is going to crash and not ever recover to its peak 2 decades later? got it
Whatever you’d talk to your close friend about
Did any of you guys see the post in r/stocks where the guy wrote an algorithm to pick up stocks that are consistently generating increased conversation on a week to week basis. Great DD
None. Everyone in the cities will have starved to death
Eyebrows
@me when premarket
Literally every fucking Sunday
Guys, I had wings and coffee today. I think I might shit myself. Puts on me
He may as well bought weekly way OTM calls on NKLA. 

Diff between that and the car is... well one of them might actually have a chance at returning > 0%
Watermelon!
Amen brothers
The mods are asleep at the wheel... Sir Jack a lot was pumping stocks left and right and nothing was wrong with it even though a lot of people called it out.
[deleted]
ayyyyy my guy
Ye true. Mistake on him though. Ppl always said shares or long dated calls
Maybe add like a trending list across all of the tracked subs
Elon musk’s asshole
BERS R FUK
literally cant go tits up
That's fair enough. When I am driving, I do 250 miles and I need to stop and have a rest before I carry on. If I did a three minute swap, I'd have to walk around for another 30 mins anyhow.
Not the same NIO wasn’t priced in, people were being way to careful it’s barely past it’s ATH and people are starting to realize the titanic growth it’s going to have over the decade
[bought these a week ago](https://i.imgur.com/2h0vcSw.jpg)

NIO and GME to the moon
The pump comes at 1-9am  eastern time every night. Bulls do not fret.
[deleted]
Bears r fuk
got riot calls and roku puts and with my luck theyll both be down
True
Which market you’re watching currently? Sorry for asking I’m a retard
Bear insurrections are a disgusting stain on this BullMarket.
Wait, I thought all millennials were software Engineers in FAANG companies??
Is this another CCP account? 134 days old...
[deleted]
OH MY GOD!!!  -.06% . MARKET GONNA CRASH.

&#x200B;

STOP IT YOU RETARDS.
I got you man, take care of psth for me
Which of our wonderful Mods is this happy guy?
ASS
Pretty sure that acrostics are too high tech for this sub.. but yeah, AOCtoesftw
I don’t understand how identifying key roots of income inequality is “over-thinking”; why are other people required to be poor for your success to be meaningful? 

And I work in finance as well; I know how the world works just fine. Or did you just come here to brag about making 109k last year in your imagined rags to riches scenario? Says a lot about your insecurity that you can’t ask yourself why others can’t “just do it”.
Cotton candy
No the pandemic didn’t, but the lockdowns did. Even the WHO is recommending against lockdowns at this point. This response is unprecedented even for the much more deadly Ebola outbreak. 
https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-10-12/world-health-organization-coronavirus-lockdown-advice/12753688

https://www.bbc.com/news/health-54442386
don't worry about it, just talk
She’s a walking money printer
im going to sell some puts too
[removed]
Up 6.9% in Europe right now
Boomerdaq lagging again
EOD
Red futures turn me on honestly 

it means we’re guaranteed a green day 🤑
Fixed it. At least you read the source after I linked it which it better than 90% of redditors.
I'm with you bud 525 1/22
Hell yeah NIO 🚀🚀🚀
Smart. Acting like battery day is a direct comparison to what NIO just did. 🤡🤡🤡🤡
NIO boys, weeklies or more time
That makes sense. Confirmation makes me feel a bit better.
anyone hear that "the fuck??!" in the saints game?
[removed]
Are futures just a regression model?
[removed]
Counter Strike Country Offensive would make a lot more sense given the real name but I do like your version
They were green for a sec lol
hoping to wake up to NIO 60+🙏🏾🙏🏾🤑
“I’ve got my cock stuck in a piece of PVC pipe, can you maybe give it a spit and tug?”
Well that's disappointing
TSLA 1600.00 EOY !????
What did it taste like
I only party I'm gonna attend is the GME squeeze party.
Steel steel and more steel
Uh oh bulls
[removed]
pack your moon boots. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Fuck you spy 377p 1/11
Totally makes sense. Valued higher than the whole car industry is worth. Yep. Really makes sense. 

Of course, Tesla is not a car company... but every catalyst is based on car sales of course. Yep. Makes sense.
thoughts on tech tomorrow? twitter dropped on friday  due to orange man ban
Same I'm gonna buy them at open in europe, before the america fomo kicks in xD
That’s why I used terms like “I’ve heard” and non specifics. Wasn’t trying to be misleading just suggesting you look at the filing DD. 

Either way we on the same team
China and boomers
[removed]
I will take a chance before the merger and go in with 10% for PSAC in case the deal goes bad. What about you?
We’re gonna go down.

Way down.

At some point in the future.

But not today. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Too expensive
GOEV to $100 EOW?
Relax and enjoy it. It’s called edging
Yep buy NIO
Porn filmography
Just jerked it in the shower
They are still red lol
This retard gets it.
vale
I'm betting on a 20% day
Can I post here yet?!!
*Pays capital gains tax*
You absolutely go to college, if you can afford it and are selecting a major that is worth something.  This is where you start your network.  Your network gets you jobs.  Not many realize that at an early stage.
ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ r fuk
Bare
Have you picked what color Lambo yet?
All you who bought calls for nio are gullible. You’re suppose to do the opposite of what the news is ALWAYS. Dont forget about battery day and how Tesla dropped 4%
I like it
This is the key. Just gotta get out before it drills
Can you guys pray for my NFLX calls!!
They will probably just ask you a bunch of questions. The first session they just find out about you. Don’t feel pressure to talk about anything
Blood red fuck
JFC what is GM thinking with that new logo?  No wonder their cars look like garbage
The two biggest negatives would be cost and waste. Waste is being solved by methods to recycle waste into a different type of fuel or methods such as using the radioactive carbon as it's own type of battery.

Cost will be solved the more we use it, as is the way products usually go. The more we use it, the more research done on it, the cheaper the process is made.

It's the best "green" method we have in terms of quickly getting a large, constant source of energy. My vote is for solar and wind, but battery costs are rough for commercial power.

TLDR go nuclear if you don't like solar and wind for a "green" option
Praying the 🌈 away.
TSLA....Cybertrucks are bulletproof
mine too man
You should prolly get checked. Might have type 2 diabetes
Buying soooo much nio at open
[removed]
It was only a matter of time.
God told me so
Short it. We need some help with another short squeeze.
That doesn’t even make sense 
Get money easily
Thx i almost forgot
What things on someone’s LinkedIn profile make you think “wow this guy fucks”?
Analysis: red monday because cassandra drifted towards puts, then back to normal TSLA for the rest of the week
I much prefer red into green than green into red
Unless we limit up
[deleted]
Futures, what are you doing??? GO THE OTHER WAY. **WTF ARE YOU DOING???**
Lmaoo, true
[removed]
$DXY absolutely MOOOOONING  


who the fuck is buying dollars lmao
Nkla. Its like a cockroach. It literally will not die
Will do broski. Black pork too
That’s an extra bonus :). Some of the memes are pretty good too
Why do you hate money. AAPL, icln, NIO
Big CYAN
Imagine you are in a social situation where a bunch a guys are sittin around drinkin brewskies. Everyone is saying "beer me \[INSERT FIRST NAME\]" to grab a new brew.

Now at this point you've had quite a few beers, and you're ready for a bottled water. Your friend next to the cooler is named Elon.

What would you say to said friend named Elon in order to receive your bottled water?
Red futures are an act of terrorism
Alexa play rich as fuck
QQQJ doesn’t get enough love
Remember everyone, 
“Well, we print it Digitally” - J pow 

Buy the dip and Hold. 
TSLA to 1100 by Friday
$135 it is my man. Gonna go buy it on Monday 

Let's toast to the tendie GAINZ 🥂
Just talk bro they’re the expert and should steer it
Agreed. I’m an ultra bull for TSLA. I think it’s going to keep consistently rising until 1T market cap. After that...I’m out lol. I’ll cheer for it to keep rising, but I’m done playing the lottery. If TSLA keeps pumping to $1,000 I’ll have made plenty enough to not care for more
Just wait until you are in your 40s it sucks
unwise, but still better than drilling back to zero
Smith and wesson
nah booo. No position.
[removed]
True, too reliant on these babies for it to matter
Buy leaps. Stack paper my dude
We should all feel attacked

“Men will literally create an anonymous twitter account to overanalyze monetary policy instead of going to therapy”
https://twitter.com/allisonreichel/status/1348161868838408192?s=21
This one also pretty obviously is political.  The conclusion that eventually Twitter goes down isn’t false.  But the political narrative is pretty biased.
So he learned nothing
just sw this after I wrote the same thing lol
Just felt the FOMO
This is the way
Ouch my dick hurts
If this comment doesn’t signal a bubble then idk what more of a proof you need
A👁M👁C
Fuck you, you retarded autist, and have a nice day!
[deleted]
Guys can anyone help me contacting NIO’s relevant staff in order to send them an offer regarding their expansion. I have found a couple of emails on their website but I never got an acknowledgment. Your help is greatly appreciated and hopefully the 🚀 stock price will help you in return!
Positive feedback loop
The most retarded people bitch about it on Reddit
Gonna go buy a subway sandwich
The vibration will crush the libs.
🔮
All I saw driving around November and December were amazon trucks
Nah he’s a cool guy
they are flat as of now
think it is give money easy
What stocks will weather a civil war?
PLTR calls, PTON puts
https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/changes-securities-robinhood-2021/

MT is under New York registry shares.
Yup, I had 1 friend sending me ‘the world is ending’ texts and another going ‘hury up and short the major index futures’
Just donate your money to charity
Clf
[deleted]
Shit that was a nice gap down for futures... wtf?
Pretty please, with sugar on it, buy the fucking dip.
[removed]
You wrote a lot of text I didn’t read, take my upvote
They hate us cause they got puts on GME.
pro tip: try to reply only once you can form a coherent and intelligent thought
In Jeju? Not really man the two main cities are Jeju city and Seogwipo and you have to bus/drive between the two because they’re on opposite sides of the island. You can take your apple car 🚗
NIO INSTANUT
Ok, you have my attention but I still don't get it?... What ticker and strike is he referring to?
You think that means it’s time to sell?
It's not on android either. What are they gonna do? Not have a fucking phone? They aren't gonna do shit.
Titties
[deleted]
Bank of America Upgrade on NIO to $70

https://imgur.com/a/SxAASrQ
Futures are fake
It’s actually spelled Albit Eyensteen
I hadn't heard of Nio yet. Thank you for the thorough write up!
Love seeing some sell off as futures open and the bears get excited only to have jpow ram green dildos right up their asses
I kept them for less than 30 mins haha no idea what they are.
bear r fuk
Did you write this on your own?

I did not know that people in this sub knows this many words.
Probably UXVY $12 2022 or VIXY $20 2022 calls, both of which will increase if VIX goes up.
What's that on your flair
Nice research. It's almost like I don't actually give a shit if people know I'm pro-China.

Reddit is being astroturfed. It's true. That's why we see an anti-China post on the front page everyday.
Every company that sells online is their completion.  They just do it better than everyone else.  Just like TESLA.
give out stock tips
🤭
2021 - 2029
Anyone considering NET weeklies?
It’s been 10 minutes
Not going to lie when I saw that news I was like well the next biggest population now has access.. good stuff
Let’s not forget that the market is still pricing in 2k stimulus talk for end of month.
You just don’t seem 100% on the details is all. Eg “shares/warrants at a lower cost”
god dammit i know i should have never signed up for this sub. I cant win!
Wouldn't be surprised to see big M&A news from TRUL within the next month!
Ber is fuk
Why does he hate money?
Idk man he made some pretty solid DD, just cuz it’s from China doesn’t make him public enemy #1 to WSB. Might need to simmer down the radical nationalist Americano bigotry talk
WSB.win

We can be right next to TD!
Elon knows that if his stock price keeps going up, more people get richer, more people buy Tesla’s, deliveries and earnings get better
Your wife's boyfriend
I’d have taken that money off him
Eat Fresh
R futes red or green?? 

🤚 🎱 ✋ 

... 

Yes
How your parents fucked you up.
Bear r fuk literally and figuratively
I'm no expert by any means and I've only started reading into this stuff when I started getting into the stock market last year.

I think both she and JPow are focused on increasing employment which is why I'm assuming they're so busy bailing out companies. Companies can afford to pay employees = employees keep jobs. They are pushing to provide support to small businesses. Small businesses stay open = keep jobs. 

Most of the unemployment right now is due to covid. When covid clears and employment numbers go back up, I'm guessing they're probably gonna reel back on on the easing. When things open back up full time and economy is healthy again, they're gonna have to take measures to remove some of that money supply they've injected. One way is raising taxes, which I'm assuming is going to happen for sure at least for the higher income individuals. Guess they could try and keep inflation on main street lower by suppressing the money velocity, keeping interest rates at 0 but that would just keep inflating assets. Stocks and houses are gonna go to Mars.

I'm sure there's much more to it than this, but this is what I'm getting from what I've read so far lol

Increasing displacement of jobs from technology is another matter lol gonna read about this a bit next.
Stock market pls fly again
Boobs
Give me a ticker and strike funny man
PSTH 100 EOW
You know what, you're a fucking autist, have a nice day.
Can’t wait to see my icln tendies tomorrow
yes TSLA is up 5% in  Zimbabwe as we speak
Yes
TSLA weightage is like 1.5% so I do not think it dictates SPY
FCX has been straight printing for me. Thinking of buying even more calls for April or May
[deleted]
who r fuk
[deleted]
What you think the problem might be.
I am most likely fomoing at open
[deleted]
Investing.com
Ok, further back than 1783? You mean 1763 the one that ended the French and Indian War?
Fear of bubble collapse
[deleted]
Thank you for your service.
Stonks
2021: Bear Holocaust 2 electric boogaloo
Now is about time for paid bear shill downvote squad to start raging that they R fuk for millionth time.
Bobs
The low Delta doesnt scare you?
Lot of fire got started this summer that were organized on Twitter........
I think I did read something about 1050$ .. I can't see TSLA "breaking" before 1000$ and once 1000$ is hit why would it breake before 1T and once that is hit that's a whole new talking point.
I like the 135s a good bit. Decent chance of going itm
Why this week? Why not last week or a year from now?
[removed]
jesus christ this coke feels good in my nose
I’ve been in GOEV since early summer. Methinks a side bet on CIIC is in order.
Fuck yeah!
Didn't read, but NIO 🚀🚀🚀
Please tell me you secured psth at 100 by eow
Have a couple 120c 2/19/21 that I bought on the small dip on Friday and plan to sell before earnings
Yes, also don’t forget the Russian bots!
[removed]
F C E L
CMC , MT, all of them.
Bezos has been silent and so has the stock. It has been range round for months. Maybe he’s planning something nice for his followers.
MT, I bought nearly 4000 shares during the dip on Friday
Bitch please I turn 7 next month
Bro don't take the piss with me the picture is the source
Boobs
Pack it up bears. Shows over.
Yeah, no I don't typically compare the US economy to many others. About as often as I judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree. 🤷 

What's hard to understand about a brand new national market opening will cause thousands and thousands of BRAND NEW stores opening (WITH NO GROW OPERATION BEHIND THEM) who will have empty shelves that need to be stocked? Having 60 stores is going to look like fuckall when there's 20,000 opened within a 6 month period. Look how many opened in Oklahoma alone with their laxed process. There's one on every corner lol
contemplating buying NIO on open. thoughts?
[removed]
I’m retarded when it comes to options and earnings. I think TSM can grow to at least 135 by March but have never held through earnings. Usually take profit then buy back in at next dip after if confident long term.
They only go up baby
Apparently this week is the first LEAPS expiration week of the year which means 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
futures opened pretty flat, not expecting any big moves tmrw tbh
550 @ 20.16 🚀🚀🚀
I started trading in February. You can imagine my confusion.
I think everyone here hates both parties. We just chase the tendies
this one should get 100
Consolidation my friend. Always revving for the next green dildo.
Because leaps are fucking expensive rn
No this shows apples influence and control of their product and ecosystem. Market doesn’t give a fuck about far right radicals
I know it’s early but I will light a candle at your altar for earnings Jeff AMZN
SEND IT
Trying out therapy on Wednesday. What am I supposed to talk about?
Lemme check 

🤚 🎱 ✋ 


...

Maybe
[deleted]
We about to turn Green.
[removed]
tsla
25% of Indian investors who have access to US equities invested in TSLA. Once Elon truly expands to that market, imagine the number of Indians buying Teslas as status symbols because the local cars suck. There is literally no ceiling on this company!!!!!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Stay strong, we will reach 1k by Wednesday
Look at all these paper hands ITT, I'm revoking your bull license
 Valuations don't matter. 

It's different this time. 

The Fed has our backs. 

Said the sheep!  Don't be the guy/gal holding that bag of shit this week!
Futures 👏 don’t 👏 matter 👏
MAGAs are all poor, uneducated degenerates who buy in to conspiracy theories. Parler is home to those losers. This will have positive impacts on AAPL if any impact at all. Same with AMZN.
Limit up or down? Can't check futures right now
Ew gas make a good tsla plate
And the iPhone is technically a Samsung...
PLTR
I must have hit a sore spot. So what’s your point?  TSLA is over valued? It can’t be.  The market is always right.  You might want to seek counseling.  Remember, Jesus loves you.  The rest of us think you’re an asshole.
figures 1 point!!??  shows how much anyone really knows
Will be funny to see how twitter's attempt to please the new White House bosses would actually lead to the fatal decline.
Fk all these boomers posting gme hit pieces
Everyone getting a TSLA
Bruuh the most retarded people post their TSLA position on insta, RIP to call holders
wher edo you see this?
Any bears left know not to hold puts overnight. We know you should only short during open market hours.
Bond yields are moving.
If I were a bear I’d be shitting my pants rn 🚀🚀🚀 384 soon get fukt
Anyone playing FVRR?
Earnings run> Market Bullishness> Sector Rotation > A wet fart > Parler news.


Why would Parler move the biggest company on the planet?
It’s a pretty heavy rumor lol, I hope in pre this fucker flys up a bit, sell on open and roll into some monthlies
Walk it off bud
How rich are we?
Gap up followed by profit taking, stimulus talks going well big rumor
cnbc
Your own meme answers your question.

It says 'again'.
Buy Backs are when the company buys their own stock back reducing the avaliable shares.

Dividends are money payed to shareholders. 

They both have pros and cons. 

Buy Backs: 
Pro: Don't have to pay taxes now. Can hold and wait. 
Con: Price increase is typical, but not guaranteed. Or you could hold it and it eventually goes down. No money in your pocket until you sell. 

Dividends: 
Pro: Money in your pocket now that you can spend or reinvest. 
Cons: You have to pay taxes. Doesn't change shares outstanding so ownership % doesn't increase (assuming you hold).
[deleted]
This market is so bullish, almost everything is going up, even the dollar.  Things that suck are still dropping thouigh, like bonds.
Market will open tomorrow at 9:30am

Enjoy!
Doesn’t mean you can’t post proof tomorrow?
Don't stop now futures I'm about to cum
Lemme check 

🤚 🎱 ✋ 

...

No
What sort of upside are you expecting from that?
Honestly wait for some big pullback. Current run, even if you expect a long term bull market, is beyond insanity/euphoric levels so any minor red day is likely to trigger a sell off (don’t expect something March levels by like a -5% week would be healthy). Have some stocks that you wouldn’t mind owning and sell some puts after a big red day to take advantage of increased IV/premiums and generate some income without having to use all of your capital
Translation: Bro why couldn't you pump my pyramid scheme so we keep making money. If people stop buying in, we lose everything!  (roughly)
[deleted]
Go back and read our discussion again, but slower this time
Keep 6 months of expenses in cash as reserve for bad times.
Puts on Trubisky
Ah didn’t know that, but its a joke lol
So he bought more at 16 averaging up. Seems bullish AF.
910
Now do proud boys please
If I’m Fomoing into a steel stock which do you guys recommend
For whatever reason Charles Schwab won’t let me do a trailing stop on my Tesla shares. I can on other things I own, but not Tesla.
When the music is playing dance. Don’t just stand there.  This could be your last shot.
Their alternative is to give up phones.

So probably not.
OT but will always remember in college a roommate refusing to go home during Thanksgiving because the drive was like 4 hours and he hated it and then proceeded to spend at least 16 hours a day the whole vacation playing Need for speed with his full driving setup (steering wheel, pedals etc.)
Sell before earnings
No one care about an unlisted company
Yeet
So nio calls tomorrow and roll it all into tesla on Tuesday ✅
Bloody RED!!!

SELL!
Really?
A mod with a wife instead of a husband? This gets more suspicious with every new detail.
Guys honestly I just want someone that will just make me happy but that also is a big booty hoe
 #your fuk bear! 🚀
Futures rise on bigger stimulus hopes
Because buybacks are nothing more than insider trading. It does nothing more than artificially pump the price, when prices should be dictated by the market, not the same company issuing the stock.
Also having lived here for 5 years, I completely agree. BYD is everywhere, and other car companies like kia make electric.

HOWEVER, yesterday for the first time a damn miracle happened.  I turned on my xiaomi tv, and there it was on the home screen, an ad for nio. I had never seen it before, but finally it was there.  I also saw one, just one, nio car for the first time, and I had been looking for the past month since it was hyped so much here.

So for everyone "investing" my advice is simple: you're investing in ads and awareness to the rest of china, the company is going to use the money to promote promote promote.  Thats it for now.
Green 🥒
I was wondering if you think it's a good idea to get a $132, $135 or $140 call for Feb 05

which one would be better suited for my $1500?

Note: I already have Aapl shares, my plan is to only sell the contract before expiration
You should write a book on how to be lose your entire investment in two weeks
im waiting for a dip and going to get some stock to hold
He bought in April 2019 initially. ~2.2M shares. Couldn’t tell you his thinking but likely sees how massive the opportunity is and buying GME gives you all the built in brand, vendor, and customer relationships on the cheap vs. building
**ICLN + QQQJ + cannabiz =** \[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅\]
Can an ETF be overbought? 🧐
Fuck CCP.  Tesla will kill Nio… no mercy. It won’t even be fun to watch. Nio is picking bad tech (battery swap) and a bad strategy (outsourcing manufacturing).
Are you planning on hosting a service that incites murderous mobs? No? Ok, you're fine.
He's banned now dumbass
Any TSLA futures?
Yes, until it isn't. I have no position in either.
The only time bears come out of their caves is to upvote red futures for 15 min until they inevitably turn green. 

SPY 388c 1/13
NIO 1/29 Call 75$🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hahha from -.20% open to GREEN
I get it for sure. I’ve just seen people get screwed hard  using a stop loss. Flash crash can really mess shit up. You could use a stop limit to guard against this. But then that might not protect you from an actual crash. It’s a tricky subject. At the end of the day it’s on you and what you want to do. But if you have life changing money sitting there. I’d be figuring out a way to check on it at work. Good luck though! Not trying to freak you out. You’ll be fine!
Ngl kinda a soothing feeling to watch the same 5 people play pingpong each sunday with the futures, trading back & forth🥰
Trul or tcnnf is one to watch #msos
I show my dong to the neighbors
This garbage won't go over 14. Gonna dump below 10 post merger.
Wow. So Trump ended the Paris Treaty of 1783?!? 

What did King George say?!
That’s basically what I said though? You get 2 additional shares/warrants for every 9 shares you hold through merger at a lower cost per share. 

Wasn’t trying to tell you which way to go, just referring to the filing which you now are aware of. I’ll probably hold my shares regardless until it’s a target that I’m not high on
Sorry bro it’s going up not down buy at open last chance
We got an allen eisenstein over here
Are y'all...

Are...
Only a degenerate boomer like trump would still buy porn
This hit me right in the feels.
Why is everyone sending the same link?
If you played puts in November, just say that OP smfh
Ber r fuk
I'm glad I don't know what futures are, I don't like spoilers. Furiously refreshing Yahoo Finance seconds after waking up is the best part of Monday mornings.
They had almost a 1B in losses (853M) in 3rd quarter of 2020
FLAT AF. Right at 0.
[deleted]
Now... I just need AMZN 3500+ by EoM


All I am asking really
[removed]
Just don’t enable racists and you’re good
I’m definitely more bullish than bearish overall, but I’m pretty confident in it happening. Cheers to not being brainwashed autists 100% of the time.
FUTURES BLOOD GREEN
But if all we talk about is GME, TSLA and Nio how will it pick anything up- regardless I’m in!! Great idea!
Yeah SPY kinda fucked themselves including TSLA lmao
How are they looking???
Yup, Twitter to 40
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
any chance stimulus is gonna be a steel gang catalyst?
Won't theta destroy it?
[removed]
Google s&p futures n pick one
LFG!!!!!!
~2 hrs until baba gaps up to $260

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
One of the mods gave me his wife's snapchat, but nothing else.
>Interests have been low for several years now so I think we can dismiss this factor. 

Low interest and zero interest are entirely different things. Right now companies can literally buy zero interest debt from the government, and as long as inflation happens then that's a good investment for them, free 💰 

>Stimmy yes BUT because people don't have anything else to spend it on. I include it in the same category as entertainment: it's like a video game or sports betting. 

>I think the stock market greatly benefits from having no other form of "live" entertainment available as competition.

People are still consuming.. that's why companies that are able to provide goods and services that people can receive from the comfort of their homes (e.g. Amazon or Chewy.com) are able to do so well in the markets during the pandemic. 

I'm too lazy to look up numbers, but it feels you may be overestimating how many people are actually in the market. I think the majority of people are continuing with whatever their previous investment strategies were, even if that was just holding cash.
#BLOOD RED
Always, ALWAYS keep back up cash when pour.
Thats what you retards said Monday and yall were fucked sideways all week. Maybe yall should just start inversing yourselves
[deleted]
Based
[Saw Bill Ackman here last night](https://cdn.britannica.com/08/193908-050-66767D57/view-Subway-restaurant-Bangkok-Thailand.jpg)
[deleted]
How are futures?
you’ve inspired me tremendously. keep it up. starting from 10k myself.
No one tell him
Stand back and stand by
Is y'all dumb, stupid, or slow?
[deleted]
Companies will present at industry conferences annually, not unusual at all.
I love it, every week is the same thing. Early tease then off to the moon 🚀
Name one time the market has crashed because of Bernie fkin Sanders. Not counting when people were scared the Dems might actually nominate him for President. We’ll wait.
Futures don't mean shit, children. We open green.
¿ɹǝpun uʍop ɓuıoɓ ʇı sʍoɥ s8ɯ

∀IWſ ſΌΌΌ S˥Ɔ∀ ƎW⅁ N˥ƆI ɓuıʎnq ǝɹ,noʎ ǝdoɥ
Sounds like a Paper hand bag holder eh?
Call your mom to pick you up
[removed]
Thank you for this gem
I decided join the TSLA rocket pretty late. Bought calls on thursday. I'm only 1 green day up. Hopefully it's another green day tomorrow. If I can just hold at least a 2 green day lead, my paper hands won't be too bothered by a red day.
I use my 3rd eye 👁 to measure market volatility and price action
I mean yeah they are, but I would rather have 10,000sq ft of something high THC instead of wasting any sqft on CBD. There's already a lot of players in the hemp/cbd area. Let them fight it out and focus on the brand new never seen before national market: THC.
💦
Except for Ryan Cohen I have been big into SPACs
[deleted]
Death to CCP and NIO. We can raise it and we can trash it. TSLA to the fking moon.
Spotify was much more successful at it however. Still interesting to see that it took longer for it to blow up the way DoorDash and AirBnB did right from the gates.

I wonder if it just means that it maybe be a little less valuable then a lot of people are thinking.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not in the past or the present.
Can someone pump mgni for me this week? Xoxoxo
That's even more retarded. CEO of Luckin went down for shit American CEOs do every day. Fucking coupon scandal. But the two CEO's are two different people in different companies. You're just paranoid.
So uhhhhh. Are you all selling nio tomarrow?
Investing.com app
Just gunna say, they hate us cause they ain't us
Im level 2 and I opened a trade on friday that expired friday
So you haven't done research, or looked at similar markets such as Canada, Uruguay, or Amsterdam.

Just aligning your experience in a traditional retail environment with a substance that will be extremely regulated. Yeah that makes sense.....
ToS
Basically capitalism for people who like the Maoist aesthetic
Thanks good sir
Poor college boy i turned my inital $5k into $32k eww your poor im poor too. I say keep it out for now and try to make money off of what you have you have enough to take it to the next step. A weekly fd i bought on thursday for 1.87 went to 43.00 the next day so it is possible to get up. I have some mara and riot calls which i am up $13k on combined i only spent $700 for 4 of each back in Nov. so you got this
I rather it be red and I’m all in on spy calls
Ew gas
As an over leveraged retard, this other retard is probably right .
FUTES R GREEN & BERS R FUK!
That’s my thought exactly. We’re gonna have a lower iv for sure thts why I sold Friday. Good luck on your future investment brother
It should, yes.

I believe OP is using the stock collateral to make it easier to buy houses by using cash, then refinancing the house to a low interest rate and paying off the higher rate security backed loan.

Somewhere else he said it was hard for him to get a mortgage, not sure why that is or why that would change when he refinances.
Red at Night Bulls Delight 

Ber R Fuk
Red futures? Nah I’m good
Futures only matter for Spy overnight yolos.... like my 5 $375p 1/11s. Sacrifice for my 5 $385c 1/15 to print I guess
The root cause of millennials woes short answer:   Boomers
this also goes for the stonks we buy as well
Ok good I have a long call on it
https://twitter.com/fxhedgers/status/1348405359715569664?s=21

Are we nuking China fuck I wanted tendies before WW3
Futes 👀
thinkorswim because im not a teenager
Have a 3 month expenses emergency fund yet?
Dude just sell and you winnings and fuck off with the worlds. Buy hookers and coke for godsake. You’re a retard who WON.

Us retards are still here because we’re bagholding (me = 2010 PLTR shares) bought in at $27 after selling my $9 for $17 like a dumbass.
Anybody remember awhile back when spy was green for like weeks in a row?
Technology has taken monetary tools that only the best of the best had for millennia and given it to every schmuck with an internet connection. Retards are here to stay
SELL SELL SELL
I see we haven’t learned our lesson yet that futures don’t really matter. Let alone on a Sunday at 6:00PM
Futes just turned green 💚

https://i.imgur.com/MTCkJqr.jpg
100%
Going green already. Gg bears
Rainwater thru sock RTS
/r/wallstreetbets is the only sub I've joined.

High key here only for listening to retards.
Runescape.com
WSB is used to plan assaults on Melvin Capital short positions, not assaults on the fucking Capital. Think we are going to be alright Nancy
[removed]
Investing.com app
futes green af?
You guys know in those racing games when it's much more fun to catch up with the first one in the race while being a second one? If you are first, you are always scared of falling behind and losing. That's exactly how I feel about startimg red as a bull. Lol. If we start green on a Sunday 6PM, I am always scared of falling to red and losing. But, now we are red, it's much more to go green in about 15 mins.
Dip is being bought hard. Bears never learn.
Bears looking at their positions...

SAD!
[deleted]
TSLA 900 before market open
God I love the end of the weekend.

Also bears hella gay
Like clockwork
**WATER ME ELON**
China has been bringing me to the moon! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
jesus christ its jason bourne
That’s the spirit.
Where do you guys check futures?
That was more like +3% or -5%
Agreed. Slowly accumulating feb 375 puts
Yeah right... when I decide to buy calls 😒😒😒
Fuck off china.
Lol AMAZON 3200 forever
ahhh panic... oh
[deleted]
Green in about 3 minutes lol
What’s your ICLN play tomorrow?
NIO is going to open at $70

Book it
I know bro that’s pretty dope info they had this weekend i hope they are down so i can get some leaps
Where y'all watching the futures
Joke's on you, I'm into that shit
wtf are yall talking about youre all acting like we at .5 red and its now .06 green
Got too much money in weeklies for yet another week
[deleted]
If somebody here calls you a "fucking idiot" in a reply-comment.  We're so naturally abusive to each other at the best of times, that you actually can't tell if someone is trying to insult you.  Trolls and tiltees just appear like our regular autists.
#MELT UP!
This isnt a limit down limit down would be plus 1 %% and going
iTz nOT A bOoK sToRe
pre market doesn't matter its on very little volume
Where is a good place to find large option orders from the whales?
The world is ending. Tesla $950 EOD
GREEN BY 5 MINUTES
Cap. We dominated 2020 post crash. We traded meme stocks in 2020, but the stock market, itself,  is the meme for 2021. You thought we mooned in 2020? Hold onto your hat retard
I see what you did there
HERE COMES THE GREENDILDO BABY
Imagine if Apple buys Canoo and Hyundai partners up with them.
Being bought up nothing new here
Nice monthly dividends
The whole micro factory seems super gimmicky. Not convinced. I believed in EV cars in from the outset, I have 2. Micro factories..... it’s like an oxymoron moron
This could be said of the entire internet since it was invented.
S&P headed to green lol
Maybe the reason why Republicans aren’t taking action to remove Trump might be because it would lead to a massive federal investigation that would eventually dig up dirt on all the Republicans defending Trump.
You must be new here. Mods are 🏳️‍🌈
Green by 610
Well said OP. What I find awesome about WSB is I can say fuck you congrats you autistic retard to anyone and its civil here and I mean it in the nicest way possible
Futures 👏 don’t 👏 matter 👏
[deleted]
My positions are self evident given enough time
Jokes on him, my wife stole that
6:03pm glance at futures. -0.13%.  
SELL IT ALL
Apocalypse priced in?
You will get 2 warrants per 9 shares if you hold through the merger. There is a risk to holding through merger, as most SPACs drop then, hence the incentive. Shares are good because they have a floor of $20. Warrants have no floor and so carry more risk, but they can also offer a higher reward in the event that the price rockets.

You gotta have your facts straight, don’t just shoot from the hip based on retards’ DDs.
1. You are richer than half the retards here trading on Robinhood.

2. At the very least, I would keep that 1k GBP in one of the ARK ETFs than keep it in interest free checking acount
Should start a YouTube channel and post in finance also should email some YouTube traders as well and see what their take is on this!
Probably right.  But retards like us will be buying the dip.  More buyers than sellers.  Shorts getting wrecked. To win in stonks one must go with what is not  what we think it should be.
The Promise:
Futures red, but bears still fuk

The turn:
Futures go flat
Bears prepare with lube

The prestige:
Futures go green bigly.
Bears get fuk
Remember last week when NASDAQ futes were down more than 1% and bears were dancing? Bears don’t because all the ones that were dancing committed ritual sudoku
Keep your age equivalent as cash. If you’re say 25.. you should have 75% of your net worth in stocks.
That could refer to anything. Rideshare, carshare, car rentals or just plain old autonomous
[removed]
Kek! 🤠
[deleted]
[removed]
Remember the March futures?
MARKET CRASH
Would you recommend that over a stop-loss?
check investing.com.
ples
That would be perfect for me. Sell puts and put them into shares back up
[removed]
If those three drop 10% get ready for a face ripper the rest of the week
Honestly. We are here for the memes and to make gas money for our Honda Civics this week. Hopefully we all get a Tesla this year. I’m sick of driving to the gas station, I want to come charge my car like I do this iPhone and then go to bed crying this week instead. 

Because I just purchased a $200 put on some random company thinking they can’t recover coming during earnings. 

🌈🐻 is just stupid. Don’t waste your money on puts. No matter how much revenue and income the company has lost.  Bears always loose in this casino.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not on sundays idk
Futures are no fun unless it’s -1% or +1%
It’s the same plant, grown in the exact same way, and the concentrates are produced the same way. It’s a no brainer to do both to capture the entire cannabinoid market.
do not fear - only believe
Deleted all social except Reddit 6 years ago.

Best decision I ever made.

You'll miss it for the first couple of months.

Now I don't give a shit about anything.

Anyone who wants to reach out to me can email me.
[deleted]
This sub makes me think TSLA is about to crash and it’s about to hit 1000 at the same time 

Leaves me with no clue as to whether selling last month was sensible or complete lunacy
Do any of us even know which side is our left or right?
if bears only new how much they really support bulls.
Futures do matter because when it's red, it reveals who the bears are. That way, bulls can later know who to laugh at specifically when the market makes another new ATH.
[deleted]
Sure futures are red (barely) but you’re forgetting stonks only go up. Green by open
[deleted]
Time for the bears are over prepare your booty for Daddy Musk 🚀
It's actually not as retarded as you think M8! Luckin Coffee ring a bell?🛎
[removed]
Holy fuk these futures. What's a good stock for the apocalypse?
[deleted]
do u retards really think its gonna be red lol
You guys must be insanely over leveraged to think this move is big.  

wait
Lol it’s been 2 minutes. You fsggot bears never learn.
They only have so much product though. CA meanwhile is sitting on excess supply waiting for the juicy US market and already built out much larger than most MSOs.
Big tech sell off tomorrow? But NIO to $80?
Keep some power dry.
Im gonna need you guys to stop acting like little bitches
They are already buying the dip LUL insaneee
3min. That was all you get bears
QS isn't ready to go to market yet. But once they are, they'll blow everything outta the water. I've been following their tech for years.
Y’all tomorrow is Opposite Day.
[deleted]
I came
Thanks I hate it
GME 🛸🛸🛸
Biden giving us a multi trillion dollar pump Thursday. I look forward to the speech. Thx grandpa Biden 

Stonks only go up
[deleted]
Use NLP or bust.
300k of it is on margin
Already green lol
Same bro. I sold on Friday then watched in awe of a spectacular nio day.
Red at night bulls delight
What if I told you that I can differentiate the CCP from outstanding and innovative companies?
[removed]
For real.  I sold TSLA at 540 thinking I was clever.
Mods even described the thread as a "landfill".

If you don't give people dedicated bins for their litter, they just drop it all over other threads.
Dip already being bought. Bears r fuk.
Ban for public display of decency
Tons of money flowing into the market, rates remaining low, bond yields not moving... we may get a correction  or 2 but we aint fully pulling back for probably 6 months.

Diff story if we dont get new and bigger stimmy.

Yeah valuations are absurdly high but that is not how we are buying stocks during the pandemic / closed economy.  Once the economy reopens, valuations and old time boomer valuation stock picking will be in favor again.  

We prolly wont see this again in our lifetimes so get at it 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🛸
You get IV expansion on runup to earnings so why would IV hurt you? You’re is 4/16 so you won’t see much of the effect of IV expansion relative to front months so if your thesis is that tsm continues going up/beat earnings but moves less than expected then I would sell the call for Feb (or the weekly for earnings date) at the expected move. If you think tsm is likely to go down then just sell your call and keep the profits
FUCK China
[deleted]
😆😆😆
Imagine panicking
I got about 10. The rest are july
$25,000? damn i'll be able to afford one. And at this rate my tesla shares will pay for it.
Calls are for paper handed hoes, real men buy stocks.
I believe and will hold my calls through earnings.
Red sky at night makes bears' cornholes more tight
[deleted]
😂 everyone should start their comments with their cost average. When we can tell how much yall losing, the comments make way more sense
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/spool32 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
inspiring
then you will be buying a put from me monday
For every autist and retard who gets blown out there are 8-10 more ready to take his place. 

The circle jerk goes on
Perhaps it gradually building a duplicate sub on another website to insulate you from this problem should it ever come up would be good. You see this a lot on YouTube with alternatives due to the gradual censorship.
Don't get too excited 🌈 🐻s. This never ends well for you losers!
Green by 7pm (est)
Pattern Seekers is actually a great book. Dumb review.
[deleted]
Tomorrow first red day.  Then moon.
This ain’t too bad
Remember when Doc Hudson said "Turn right to go left." This is what he was talking about. Futures red to market green.
One last question for you. Why do you think Cohen decided to go with gamestop? Do you think he wamted to build something gamer related but was met with too much resistance? Name recognition? Did he think thet were going bankrupt also and wanted to basically buy them out or bring about a new company from the GME ashes? This story is better than a soap opera
I know this chicken breed from when I was a kid. They’re so fucking soft.
I’m bullsexual my fellow retard
Calls on maker of anti-climb paint
I don’t get it why is everyone saying red? Looks green to me. Am I colorblind?
You're a self described Chinaboo communist. Don't you have some peasants to starve or Muslims to encamp?
red at night

bul is fuk
This is probably going to turn red. So red that cohen can double down again by buying from some paperhanded bitches
Double? I was thinking icln 100 by end of 2021
[deleted]
I feel safer as a bull when we start red
I hope nio is down like 5% so i can get them calls
It’s rigged in the last hour generally
I will sleep well tonight knowing all my money is in spy puts😏then i will wake up to big green shrek dildo
Green in 10 minutes
Sucks my duck, bulls.
Who needs social skills when you have TSLA 1000c 1/15
Wow imagine thinking futures matter lmao
Depends when the bastard coronavirus has gone then leisure and hospitality stocks will 🚀🚀
That sounds like my average league kda
Maybe someone can explain to me why GME is considered the next revolution in games when stuff like Steam, Epic, Origin, GoG, HumbleBundle and even Nintendo/PSN/Microsoft store exist? I feel like I'm missing something, but how is GME going to be the next eCommerce website when there are already more convenient alternatives and GME hasn't invested enough in online infrastructure and at this point is at least 10 years behind? If anything I think we would be jumping at Epic Games for becoming the biggest disruptor in the videogame industry over the last 2 years with Fortnite and launching their own store capable of competing with Steam due to brand exclusivity and the amount of free games they give away. What engineering has GME invested in their online platform that gives them a better edge than AMZN? Youtube and Twitch are huge markets for video game content already that can be leveraged and integrated with their own marketplace. Newegg tried the Amazon approach by allowing 3rd party sellers and flopped hard. I don't understand the appeal of GME unless you ignore the rest of the video game industry. Even Facebook is better positioned than GME with their own streaming platform, Oculus, and they already have a gaming marketplace with crappy javascript games that print money (btw I don't think FB gaming is good, just that on the surface it looks more promising than GME). I haven't done a ton of DD or research so I'm probably wrong on certain things, but I would think these would need to be addressed in order for GME to succeed.
Limit down futures. Wtf. Thought that civil war was priced in.
Poors stay poor because of shit like this
YouTube does a better job. Google call debit spread . If you don’t comprehends then send me a dm.
.... green delight.
$WORK did this as well and $SPOT
This autist gets it.
That’s what I mean dude! Cali companies will explode if allowed to ship over state lines, bad weed costs a lot in places like IL and GA
We r fuk
Average down lol
Red at night, bulls delight ;)
Hahahaha my PDT ban lifts in 4 days 


damn It’s been so long forgot you could even do that shit
WERE FUCKED
I'll fit right in I guess :D
CNIKF
OmG DoWn .10%

Limit down inbound
Limit down at futures open🥴🥴🥴
NIO is gonna core hard after TSLA flats
Looks like it's food bank day tomorrow
Internet token climbing back up to 40, hoping for a flat day for the stock that correlate with it
Well I hope you’re right. I have calls that expire next week
With how some of u act over futures you must have some soft skulls
I just don't care much for CCP shills
Can we get a 20% day for vix please
Classic retard. Nice work OP
Is this a recession?
Double is fud. At min 5x.
Pricing in regulations and higher taxes.
And little did he know, that futures would create a green dildo, so huge, that it would break out of the screen and ram his gehy bear ass.
God damn it lmao, I just stopped buying puts and switched to calls
ACB is good too. I'd prefer a company ignoring CBD side, but that's me.
As usual

#The WEEKEND DOW was spot on

It’s truly the best indicator of future market prices geopolitical effects on equities
We’re fucked bro sell everything
March and April calls. I think 21/22 are solid. You could also look at June 25c
🖐️
All the Trump chump “patriots” got home just in time to find out that yet again their puts are fucked. Happy Janubully my bull fam
thanks for the kind words :)
We are green bois 

Recession no more
Futures red welp
Stop the count!
It’s not red it’s flat
Cathy says 4K. She also said beet to $500k. Who knows? Make hay while the sun is shining.
Many of us
[deleted]
Everything will think it's top until it's the top and then they will say I told you so
[deleted]
If that awesome thing happens, I’m going all in. =]
If a calendar spread is too complicated for you, I understand. 

This is WSB, no one wants to wait a year for 100% profit on a single trade.
Boring
Vix mooning fuk
Look, you can be woke AND cool
Monday morning you'll see
Yep, short term thinking.
This.  This is the question
[deleted]
A lot of brokers have trailing stops
Well, my apologies for calling you an American.
Nasdaq already almost 0.5% down limit down coming
FB and TWTR going down tomorrow
How do you have the mental balls to hold a short position this long? I sold a naked call last week and can't handle the emotions. This may plummet sometime but seeing the cult trend on it and people moving their 401ks and life savings into it, it's going to be while
Probably good time to buy as it’ll mostly likely stay flat. Now if you want to hold and hope for more earnings run up or that they smash earnings that’s up to you breh
Shut up, go smoke some weed and continue on with your conspiracy theorist elsewhere
Delta is about to be .80 and theta will be 2.5 come Monday.
Always is
PSTH straight outta Ack-man
Looks red but actually is green - bears are fucked
Ha, I knew the NIO house to bring your kids and meet other NIO owners sounded fake
>You have more faith in the clearheadedness of the CCP than I do

I'd put more faith in the CCP's clearheadedness than any other governments in the world... I loathe them but you gotta admit that for an authoritarian government, they're pretty rationnal.
This place catches all kind of bans for foul words. I got a 3 day just last month for talking bad about 🐻
BULL R FUK
🐻🐻
[deleted]
OMG WE DONE FOR BULL RUN OVER SELL SELL SELL!!!
What i needed to hear today
Green in 45
OPEN THE MARKETS
Where my steel gang at?!?! 🚀 tomorrow
[deleted]
[deleted]
I did the math, 10% a day compounded for 30 days is 17.5, TSLA price target for Feb 10 is 16000. TSLA at 900 is undervalued, 🌈🐻 will never get it.
They matter at 9:29:59AM EST, but that is the ONLY time they matter.
SO MUCH RED. Tomorrow green confirmed.
I miss the thrill of March where 6:00:01 meant a 2% swing in either direction. Was like a drug
It's red only to become green later lol.
BLOOD RED
green by morning
Ban this retard for hating money.
Watch from the chair in the corner
No stick shift to go up your supple hole...
What's going on with futures?
This aged well
Look at his post history lol (and then report him)
I feel the same
3950!!!
Prison tat gang ASSEMBLE
Could be a long steady stubborn decline and you can easily mistime it.
Futures do not matter unless they are green.
We are fukedddddddd
HOLY FUCKING BLOOD GREEN VIX FUTURES
Nice Merc A-class you had then
You keep putting words into peoples' mouths. I guess thats what you have to do when your argument is incorrect. That guy said he liked his government. I said he should be allowed to say that. Everything else is all made up shit from your smooth brained piglet mind.

 I never advocated for anyones government, period.  i dont agree with everything the CCP does by a long long shot, but unlike you im wise enough to know there are things i dont understand about the country with a population 4-5 times greater than my own.

 You are ignorant in the worst sense of the word, because you also attempt to discredit people more intelligent than you, people that actually do want to see less hate in the world. Im done putting you in your place you brainwashed piglet, and how i know im a better human being than you is i still wish the best for clowns like you. Please consider apologizing to anyone you offended once you realize how stupid and racist you are being.
[deleted]
[deleted]
So.... should I invest in NIO
Oh shit, we’re pulling an R Kelly and Golden Shower blessing the mods?

You crazy, but if you insist...
The Falador park markets predict ICLN 40 EOW
Futures r mooning
How much did the mods pay you for this?
Ouchies futures touched me wrong at open
>Man, I support the CPC but this was a dumb cringe-worthy tweet. They need to work on their propaganda.

https://www.reddit.com/r/GenZedong/comments/ktelrn/z/gimmi1h

Hahaha at least hop on your alt before you come over here.
It will be ok my boy it will be ok
Just delete your facebook account and buy puts.
Red at night...
It's a very good point. Sentiment analysis is indeed part of the manual research I apply on top to the results my program provides. This is something I'd like to automate in the future but I'm not there yet.
Please little Bee. Fly for me once again. Those 50% memefolio bags gettin kinda heavy with all the other opportunitys I could put that money
Might catch hell for this but conspiracy set up a .win as backup.
Ryan Cohen hasn’t even begun his final act🚀
GUH!!!!!!!!!
Hahahah Bul in shamble

Fute blood red
Futures blood red😭
queer
Guh
That's what my grandma always says
Limit downnnnnn fuk
OH NOOOO
[deleted]
I’m long PLTR leaps, see my losers screenshot
*my body is clay my spirit feels no pain*
Bears super fuk
Ugh red
Just found my new savings account. Thanks man
Get autonomous driving so your Tesla can drive off to meet boyfriend.
Yessir. But 3:30 where I’m at
Neither. Also serious
Ford for sure
No
2k shares bby
Lol. Enjoy your commie future
China is asshole
What is the path of least resistance? It's to continue using the moneyprinter. They will continue to use the moneyprinter until they absolutely cannot.

What will stop their use of the moneyprinter? What's its hard limit? It's when confidence in the dollar collapses. 

However, people have been predicting the death of the dollar for 12 years now. But it just hasn't happened yet. When will it happen? What will cause it? 

I think a civil war in the US is looking more and more likely sometime in the next decade, and that will probably be the event that causes the dollar to turn into toilet paper. I honestly believe a better investment that dollar cost averaging into stocks is to buy arable land far from a major city, and to start homesteading. I'm an elder millennial who is seriously considering doing such a thing.
🤥
Um

R u sure ur not... bearish on nio?
fell asleep listening to peter lynch
woke up still listening to peter lynch
Who cares about that fuck, Dems are just as friendly to the markets.  Republicans fuck more shit up, and the market still goes up when Democrats are cleaning shit up.
Genuinely think this obviously isn’t the only thing to take into consideration when buying stock but definitely very useful to spot some stocks about to moon🚀🚀 Looking forward to the weekly update
https://i.redd.it/9273yufhj5a61.png

It works

That blue trend line runs through March and September and was drawn in September
Can TSLA be flat?

I think  we're in a situation where we are so inflated that flat warrants a sell of out of fear.
I don't want the weekend to end cause I don't want to work but I also really want the markets open so like what the fuck
Never too late for shares unless you thin Tesla will stop growing?
LOL
Bbb but he specifically said he's *not* a ccp bot! How could he go on the internet... And lie?!?!
🐻🐻 bear brothers are watching
I did too
Here's another [source](https://www.aplu.org/projects-and-initiatives/college-costs-tuition-and-financial-aid/publicuvalues/student-debt.html). Apparently I belong to an elite 22% of bachelor's grads with mas than 30k in debt.

It is smarter to use median.  It's literally the same as saying, "Half of students have more than this, half have less." That's an interesting number though, especially since I think it's low.  But I also have a CS degree.

Also doesn't help when you max out your student loans whenever possible to blow on weeklies... er, I mean consolidate credit card debt.

To any young autists who want to get rich off stonks instead of going to school, just take a few community college courses.  Take some core curriculum.  Leave your basement and make friends.  Give yourself something to think about besides Robinhood.
Bubble about to pop, love reversing you retards
Went all in
futures time!
I might know a guy
[removed]
[deleted]
Idk. When it shows buying power it only shows half of what it would be if I were to buy ARKG shares. I don’t really understand margin
Hows that dick taste
The orange man was even banned by Twitter fb... do you think he is a biggest threat? Lmao. Fuck CCP
Seriously is TSLA suppose to endlessly rise or is this really over valued? I keep buying calls and keep making money but don’t actually understand why 🤔
Same
Added to my first comment
IM scared
Time for all the 50k users to DDOS investing.com again i guess
ITS THE FINAL COUNTDOWN
Is Nio overrated? Oooorrr yoloooo?
My man
Why not on robinhood?
Why ?
if spy opens green tesla going to 1k if spy opens red tesla still going to 1k
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
TECH ROTATION I NEED IT
My lord
This is the way
That’s from 2018 fake news 📰
Was totally a fumble. Fuck bears
Actually that will make them keep rising lmfao
1MIN TILL MOON
[removed]
Lmfao 🤣😆🤣😆🤣
Bears r fuk
He’s not even “a” Dem. He is an independent
Let me say

Futures slightly green

Tomorrow bigly green
The show is about to begin bitches
No. They would call the Dems and ask for more stimulus money to invest into more YOLOs. Repeat and rinse
Thats why we're here right?
Fasten your ⛑
0. That is the value of my positions
Makes me think of old halo. I fucking hated my teammates most of the time and they really were dumb as fuck. But sometimes we kicked ass hard.
1 more minuto fuckers
I've watched that movie (and The China Hustle, and The Big Short, and Margin Call, which basically makes me a financial professional). There is no connection between Enron and any of the companies you listed.

Edit: The OP is literally a CCP shill spreading FUD for the sake of edgy communism memes. Shooting communists is self defense. Long TSLA, short China.
Fuck the CCP.

That is all.
God speed
Yes
[deleted]
Am I the only idiot that got ICLN April calls? Lol
No shame, no pride. I'm asking for someone to help me make a play I believe in but don't know how to execute. Sorry I'm not as smart as you.
THEY ARE GOING TO BE BIG TIME GREEN
RIOT, NIO, WKHS calls :)
This is beyond retarded. Do you search for no name youtubers and suspect the ceo of fraud while citing a tinfoil hat wsb post on every stock?
Short these bull nuts
**From the bear nation 🌍 🐻 🌎 I can see to the ends of the world, and from this vantage point, I declare with utter certainty that futes blood red and that bul is fuk.**
You’re not entitled to any thing with an MBA lol.  All those MBA programs are taking advantage of lazy people who think white collar is a guarantee.  Certification is a guarantee, fastest growing career fields is a guarantee.  If people don’t want to do jobs that are needed by society then the system dictates that they go into debt, significant debt, while the rest of us trained in careers that society values have spare change to receive absurd returns on this bull market that MBAs from Trump university missed out on.
[deleted]
+.5 
+1 at open 
Then sell off
This is the confirmation bias I needed. WSB to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Just wait till the MP arrest Biden and Obama on Inauguration Day! /s
Got it so I wanted to hedge for 2021, which one would you recommend ?
I would  sell that at open
🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸
How does it not let you? As in when you try to go buy it says you don’t have enough funds even though you have margin funds available?
**ICLN** to **∞**
Well let's meet back here in about 6 months and see what's happened.
Like my balls
Your port is the only thing that’s gonna be heading to earths core on Monday
FDM
And you can fuck off too, 2 month old account with NO history. 他媽的五毛滾開
[deleted]
 Check my profile.
I got some.
Isn't it at 4:30PM EST?
[deleted]
> I've never heard of NIO house

Well, that's just your lack of knowledge. Maybe go visit one if they happen to have one in your city.
8 gay dudes, 3 straight men,1 female Coyote, 3 Georgia State Cheerleaders, and my uncle Gary 😍
Iv heard he’s in so many companies. Everyone wants it to be there’s lol. Either way, it’ll be interesting to see what it is!
https://media.makeameme.org/created/here-it-comes-d25c1394e0.jpg
USA!
USA!
USA!
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎👐
I think gonna be flat.
Short TSLA
Sqm and alb too
Just saw a guy in Nevada riding a motorcycle without a helmet but wearing a disposable face mask lmao. The irony in that
Is the video of them rolling their truck down a hill?

If not...🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌕
US left it under trump, Biden promised we would rejoin...retard
Is it too late to get in on TSLA shares tomorrow?

Or has the 🚀 taken off and left us in the dust?
Incomplete pass or fumble?
If you don’t know what Call Options are, that’s an entirely different conversation .
[deleted]
Ok, so buying a house with a loan should decrease that ratio so it doesn't make it easier to get more loans. Right?
Yea I’m good with whatever honestly. Every rumor has been a solid company and ackman can’t go wrong. I just want to see it within the next couple months otherwise I gotta push my calls out further again, and I really don’t want to sell them and pay the capital gains.
NOVAVAX 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐
I am new to trading. Could use some advice on how to handle my options 
I have:
21x CMC 2/19 @25c
3x Vale 2/19 @23c
6x vale 3/19 @22c
4x MT 3/19 @30c
3x MT 4/16 @30c 

I am inexperienced and broke. 
Thinking of holding all week, don’t want to get be labeled a day trader on Robinhood either by rolling options.
Facts
[deleted]
ATT has $.52 quarterlys!
Tesla Dip at $5000.  I can’t wait to buy at $4400 to show those TSLA  bulls how wrong they are.
Also YOLO etf or ARKG call options could be extremely profitable as in the money options are almost identical to share price and give 5-12x leverage on returns with not a ton of risk barring steep corrections
bro its free fucken money
Nah, I just want a $20 correction. That’s hardly a crash.
EV not gonna fail
420 at 18.20 here
I had a whiplash at “and a vagina”. Too kinky dude...
You didn’t mention ACB which has the lowest cost to produce dried flower. They own Reliva which has over 200 US retail locations distributing CBD, which could easily distribute ACB branded concentrates upon legalization.
D
#DAD
[removed]
Satire or not, this post is retarded.
LMND, PLTR, THC🐝
What we're you banned for
Absolutely meaningless 100% of the time
👋🏽
Yo. I commented on that and they responded to a comment I made about how I hope NIO doesn’t turn out like luckin coffee being the Starbucks of China and the response was that the Chinese government was very unhappy with Luckin about what happened and it was an embarrassment to their government. So I talked to the CCP and they responded. Get fucked
This is the bottom till 2025
I would sell IV hurting too hard
[knocks](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=knock) are what my weed growing friends call people who don’t know shit and bug for small amounts
Thats dope OP. I hobby program in python myself, made a few scanners for tickers that are running up on the day, or running down. Good for day trading some options. Has about 30 overall functions, including unusual volume, vwap breakout or down etc etc. But it really just parses a few sites and spits the output into my discord so I can monitor while trading. Lets share githubs :)
2/20/21? Lol! Yeah go for it bro
Taxes are evil and 3ventually regress to 0 are equilibrium
Hells yes. But maybe not Twitter and Facebook. I wouldn’t touch those fucks with a 10 foot pole.
Bulls, stop letting these fuk bears mess with your vibe. They never learn. “tHe tOp iS iN”. Bish, stfu and bend over, cause we are gonna continue to moon for the next 2 months easy.
Gonna fuck your mother all week. Rotation out of vagina into anus.
Margin is free money
What are the chances CCP makes an account that doesn't sound Chinese and make NIO comments?!?!
Wut in tarnation?
Don’t fuck it up
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Everything I've learned about hydrogen fuel cells have led me to believe that the issue with hydrogen isn't the fuel cell or the tech, it's the hydrogen. It's not a cost-effective or green fuel to produce right now. 95% of hydrogen fuel is created via steam reforming which requires natural gas, so you gotta use fuel to make fuel ($$$). 

I used to work at GM and when I was there figuring out the fuel cell batteries was a hot topic. And I could be wrong but it seems to me the reason for that is one day we're going to run out of lithium and cobalt But hydrogen is pretty much always going to be around. 

My thought is this: as soon as we can figure out how to make hydrogen fuel cost effective, it will replace EV batteries. Because the motor part is the same for both EV and fuel cell. The difference is the power source.
[removed]
What's everyone's thoughts on June QQQJ $40.00 calls?
You’ve missed the top like 100 tops ago bruh we in 2021 now
nOt EveN A bEAr yea right back into your cave
[deleted]
God bless the mods

🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅
Personally I would only be slighrly bullish for the short term with the current management. My thesis of success for GME relies heavily upon RC being able to grab CEO or director of the board and change the boards makeup. His letter has me convinced that is his goal and his previous success, the stock price jumps sfter his joining and refilling on stocks convinced me he would win the fight and the articles convinced me of his conviction. At the end of the day its just another bet, it just happens to have a much greater upside than normal while the downside in the shorter term (1-4 years) seems small.
As much as I want to say you’re wrong, you’re not especially with Tesla.
Have you seen that monster? It's already got a lift kit. 

Way more likely that they offer a missile mount upgrade option. Or a machine gun mount. 

It's made of SpaceX metal, maybe he'll do like the Roadster performance and offer a literal rocket upgrade.
Switched to theta gang with PLTR. Working out so far and if it does go up I’ll be happy to unload
Saints by 24
Source pretty please?
You can see futures on market insider but not on Robinhood. It might be open already not sure
Until they do
🙀
Maybe it is Mr Lakshmi Mittal himself posting as u/vitocorlene?😂
AAPL
Their time is over it’s Janubully now
Scared money don't make money, dont listen to the bears, or theta gang who got greedy selling covered calls so close to an event.
[deleted]
Well, I do hope you’re right. It definitely seems that now is the time, because the incoming administration is going to be more friendly than any other. Let’s see what happens tomorrow at open!
This is the best i have ever seen here!!!!!!!
i saw a pretty good thesis on how Starlink could be possible too. i’m good with whatever i just want to see $50 at least
Unfortunately with my job I’m not on my phone very much when the market is open. Can’t really watch the prices. By all means this is the smarter idea, I just can’t do it.
The fact that you bought common shares means you don't know how to make money off SPACs. And thanks I'm up 5M in 2020.
RH won’t let me use margin on volatile stocks or options, so I don’t use it much. But if I’m not in any risky plays I’ll throw all my margin into shares of TAN, ICLN, ARKK, or ARKG
As an ex-Apple engineer, I’m balls deep in Canoo because it’s clearly an ‘apple like’ design mentality. If Apple *does* design their own car, I expect them to buy GOEV for the engineers. It’s the Apple way.
https://us.viveve.com/chocolate-the-good-mood-food/

Releases Serotonin and Endorphins.
https://m.investing.com/indices/us-spx-500-futures
!RemindMe
Markets will stop rising now that the chances for a Trump second term are sliding slightly below 50% /s
Amzn puts will print. Back to $2900
Why F or GM? Being serious
ITS GOING TO BE GREEN AS A MOTHERFUCKER!
Just a cool 5,000 volume on the $500 2021/1 on a day it runs 8% to it's ath.
ICLN and X calls is that I’ll be getting on Monday. ICLN   02 20 35c ?
Yolo into dividends
Profit is optional
Fuck off
Gonna have write-offs for a while

https://imgur.com/a/3GOC73d
More like 

GIVING

MONEY

EASY
Tesla flat all week downvote all you want you fucks. Rotation out of energy into tech
Luckin Coffee sends its regards
Young guns was the bomb.

If any of the kids on this sub haven't watched it they need to.
You forgot fin tech but yeaaaa
Really interesting project. Might try something myself. I see you've said you're not gonna release the code. Can you answer this though? What api are you using? Tweepy? Snscrape?
I know, but it’s been like 5-6 weeks. It’s long/a lot when I’ve been saying it 2-3 times a day, everyday for 5-6 weeks.
anybody heard of 9 Meters Biopharm? Any chance this moons again?
52-week performance 

NIO 1586% vs. TSLA 817%

NIO did a little better.
It’s always been a hype driven sector. Many people expecting a reflex increase in LPs stock performance and that’s what happened. US tickers get a small fraction of the media coverage and more important arent often available on the trading platforms that many retail investors use. This is what makes $MSOS so exciting.

It also gives opportunity for retail who doesn’t mind the OTC the opportunity to get in before the broader market gains awareness and access
Oh yeah, that place like r/Sino is wumao central, astroturfed to hell
Why not mess with puts?
Your soul couldn’t wait either lol
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Futures. Don’t. Matter.
Being reasonable isn’t allowed here
True.  They’re fat and happy.  Tell me the last time a traditional auto exec slept on factory floor. It may have been the first Henry Ford but it hasn’t happened since then.
Wow great jobs mods you banned one fucking Chinese dude pumping a stock thats actually succeeding lol who cares. I see two month old accounts pumping all kinds of shit stocks to no end in sight
In 5 minutes the bears will be fuk
Investing.com
Hold 125 c 4/16 tsm thru earnings or IV (37% rn) going to bend me over and give me an butt plug?
Q4 ER, Board votes etc...
Feels like the last 5 minutes before school is let out
Pray away the gay
FUTURES ARE FLAT
How long til you fuck this one up too?
i dunno what you just called him but i'm gonna assume it's something about being small and allergic to water
I’m so erect for futures rn
why not
oh god oh fuck 5 mins
Everyone is saying futures are going to limit down what is the news?
[deleted]
Or they’ll say criticizing the CCP is racist
Buying qqq puts
At least you can admit your deficits buddy
[deleted]
Very very nice, colour is awesome. I am on my 8th bmw
[deleted]
2nd proof pic
[deleted]
Leave
Anybody loooking at TSM earnings this week?
It's not whataboutism, its simply recognizing the platform that you're looking at and taking everything you see at face value. This isn't a place where registered financial advisors and CFAs put their names behind their research.
no.
Yes
They are having a press day Wednesday on future of auto taxis 👀
Interests have been low for several years now so I think we can dismiss this factor. 

Stimmy yes BUT because people don't have anything else to spend it on. I include it in the same category as entertainment: it's like a video game or sports betting. 

I think the stock market greatly benefits from having  no other form of "live" entertainment available as competition.
Wish my grandpa woulda told me that when I had 1/15 $700c back in November
Futures. Download the investing.com app
what happens in 15 mins?
I have to stop staying up until 1:30 looking at that shit..
A man can dream.
OP is why Idiocracy is now labeled a Documentary instead of a comedy.
Ok edgelord
ITS GOING TO OPEN +300 DOW!!!! GREEEEEN AS A MORHER FUCKER!!!!!!!!
Sir, this is a casino
Think simpler to think more fractally
Amazon has steadily increased market share in what was a new technology that showed a 180x growth in the first 20 years of its existence.

10 years in Tesla is projected to go from 29% of EV sales last year to 12% this year... In a market that currently accounts for 3% of vehicle sales and has massive amounts of entrenched competiton from those who make up the other 97%... 

There seems to be very little with which to compare the two, but even if there were, Amazon itself suffered from a massive bubble burst at one time.
I'm new to options, so would buying a ton of VALE 3/19 25c (hella cheap) or some 6/18 25c (still good price but not as much) be better. Thanks ahead of time
Ford calls, got it!  Thanks!!!
Took a nap, just woke up. Damnit, couldent I wake up 5 minutes later? 😐
I would personally do stocks, no calls.  A good partnership could cause this thing to 🚀 but a lackluster one can cause a slight pullback
[deleted]
Preface: I’m retarded.

What are you guys all waiting on that happens next 5 minutes? Futures? Is it something I can monitor in RH?
So fucking annoying
This is Awesome.  I will definitely follow...thank you!
No more bets
i want it to be subway because psth will drill
Yes buy NiO
[deleted]
[removed]
I wanna hang out
Pics or ban
During the weekend..
BAN.  
   
From your comment history: Take your fav docus & lame accusations of “chinophobia” to wechat. You’re obviously not retarded (just a hateful asshole), you don’t belong here.   
   
Signed: a “wsb retard”
[deleted]
Flair doesn’t check out
Because NIO will grow more in share price
Add 4 more dudes and you’re golden
no one wants that anymore. you made up an imaginary enemy. all those gays went to psth
😳👀
Eat fresh babe
Here's an idea: have the charging port be on the bottom of the car. When you park, the car automatically lines itself up on your charging pad, at which point the charging section of the pad extends upwards and connects to the car. 

Can also be marketed as an extra safety precaution so your car can't be stolen unless you unlock the charger.
imagine watching this and your mom walks in and having to explain that its not porn
Enjoy staying poor
Try harder, maybe you'll make some money too
I bought shares of it. Had to DCA down to 15.87. I'll sit on it. It hasn't been moving with the EV market and it pains me. We'll see.
Vegemite is the worst
[deleted]
NFLX pleas fly again
19 feb 22?
Too many lines and colors . I prefer smooth brain boomer TD Ameritrade
Anyone able to explain the screenshots to me? Understand how a bull call spread works conceptually, but would like to use an example from the list/
They tried.  Failed miserably.  Tesla is software.  The big autos are hardware.
Why do you hate money
Upvote if you regularly use margin? I want to see how many true retards there are here.
Smart no doubt. But if I had substantial money on the line at this point, I would just set alerts and watch it like a hawk. The crazy price action could trigger a sell when it really isn’t what your trying to do with a traditional stop. Just engage your own stop in your head. Just too much on the line.
_checks flair_
Ppl are scared bc one guy bought tsla puts? Too much worship here. All he did was track something no one else was, and got rich. I can imagine him being a meme one day for losing a fortune on tsla puts. Forever the dead bear epitome. This is what some of you are blindly following.
Kinda nervous.  Let get green
think I will buy premarket and hold a good year
Long live capitalism 🇺🇸🦅
It is an ETF that traces the the fairly predictable VIX index or VIX index futures for your option purchasing pleasure. You can go short and long on VIX using UXVY, VIXY, VXX, VIXY, SVXY, VIXM. Each are designed to hedge for different timeframes.
This guy fucks
:::soothing roulette female operator voice:::: place your bets
NY NY
If everyone thinks it's the top, it probably is not the top. Plus right before the bubble bursts is the time to make the most money.
[deleted]
Ask him what his opinion is on Gyna. If yes, calls on Nio. No, puts. 

And then if it fails, it's his fault. Or WSB's.
This Nickelodeon NFL crossover is epic
Hmm...I'm clearly too transparent with my words
I’ve lost ton weeklies tell me about it, I knew it was risky just bought a week too early
I’m saying we’re still gona pump, sounds crazy but why would it collapse now?
“Analogy not apt”

The gun is a stand-in for the financial Sword of Damocles the CCP is holding over your head in the form of the VIE structure. 

You have more faith in the clearheadedness of the CCP than I do. I hope you realize your gains in BABA, NIO, Etc., before they do anything rash.
CCP controls wall street are you guys that out of touch ?
Post split #2
Imagine being so gay that you want the market to crash
Ban this guy for being a pussy
Godspeed
Steel gang 4life 🚀
You think my weekly 1000c gonna print?
Not sure how I feel about NIO gay fan fiction
Yes, you should, buy nio.
If I remember correctly, someone made a similar program a couple months ago. An interesting question was whether or not the program took the sentiment about a stock into account, whether it was bullish or bearish. A mention doesnt necessarily mean the stock will go up. Does the “manual research” you mention in your post address this?
bank earnings this week.  banks always win...dd? easy:  look at the crookery of 2008.  No one went to jail, most got bonuses off the taxpayer.  

not totally convinced yet, but looking at SPDR calls...
noice
When Reddit is being heavily astroturfed and the most upvoted posts of all time are disproportionately anti-China, what does that tell you?
What about the people calling him a small dick ching chong? You guys gonna ban them too?
Dude your my hero (and everyone elses on this sub) thanks for the DD. I hope you mke a killing and are setup and happy for life. Good things to you mate
Stripe rumor is picking up on Twitter. It would be such a perfect fit for ackman.
BULL MARKET THROUGH 69TH DAY OF YEAR (March 10th)
CCP is a devil of the world! What’s the reasons causing pandemic? Mostly because CCP and WHO covered up the truth! Don’t trust CCP! Folks!
What happens
Okay, obviously if they decide to license out their brand, their genetics come with it. Obviously they aren't gonna have people selling green crack in a Gary Payton bag. What are you going on about, knock? Lol that was fun.
Im guessing a baby red open, but BTFD is so fast youll hardly notice.

Positions: 1/15 SPY 377c and 1/15 TSLA 880c
Very true. I am glad that decision was made. I kinda hate how political Reddit tends to be but I am glad about how wsbs is managed. I kinda only am here low key
I’m buying long puts on TWTR, this is going to be fatal for them potentially
Too much info at once man
Boy I read that very wrong...

**"BEZOS SPLIT YOUR FUCKING COCK"**
I FOMO’d in on Friday with shares and 5/21 25c
Please report to the nearest training camp.
Pltr 🚀?
Canoo
going in on $MEGAMILLIONS ez $600 mil
He was a troll, probably not even Chinese. He was copy-pasting some shit in Japanese and thought it was Chinese, the guy is an autistic troll.
Bro u could’ve just bought Icln calls like the rest of us instead of throwing it all away
[removed]
Proof or ban
gay relationships are so toxic lmao
They were fully convicted in their eventual bankruptcy thesis. They may still be, but appear to recognize the dangerous situation they’re in.
Shiiii might gamble 10k into 1/15 1000 at this point
I use those posts as indicators of when to buy puts
You think it will dip below 18?
Suggest some MMMF porn dummy.
Nope ROKU makes you BROKU top 3 WSB rules
Show positions
SEC right here pls
As i said before i am pretty new at this. So they were at the conference last year also? There is not many compa ies presenting it seems weird they would want to be there 2 years in a row. Is this something that companies are asked to participate in or do the companies request to present
Insurance
No TL:DR? I can’t read more than once sentence without adderall
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
A quick look into their [Glassdoor](https://www.glassdoor.com/Jobs/Canoo-Jobs-E2390613.htm) shows 100+ recent openings with the following in the individual job descriptions:  


"Work in a high-growth start up that will redefine **urban mobility**"
Awesome, thanks.
Boomer talk
350$ to -50k$ that’s easy, just get assigned on a wide spread and don’t excersize the long option
roblox has been popular for so long before the pandemic and u don’t know what you’re talking about. it’s not even comparable to doordash.
Imagine thinking TSLA will go down
If you’re feeling euphoria and realize it are we really euphoric? I think the bull run is only getting started. Tsla may go flat for a month or two but there’s no way it stops.
You lucky fuck. Do you have a lot of money on RH? Wonder if it’s random or targeted. Also I wonder if this changes how rh handles options that expire and if they’ll still sell them at 3pm
I always have to wear my helmet
Futures will open blue.
There are fears that the presentation will be a little umm lacklustre.
You can’t buy options on CLOV yet from what I understand, so I’m wondering if this will drive down volume or just force me to close my contracts. I’ve never held options through a merger
You a brave soul posting those predictions around here.
is bidu okay
Not its purely FOMO based on nothing at this point.
Ok boomer
I read enough PSTH 🚀
Yee
Don't you put that curse on chicago Ricky Bobby
I'm part Chinese, brb cutting off my dick
Why would you waste capital on that when there's a storm of stimulus bills in the trillions heading our way.
Oof. Well. Welcome to the winning team.
[removed]
Do you jump off a plane when you hit a little turbulence?
when it’s not subway ima find all of you and fuck you with a six inch extra mayo
[deleted]
And make Mexico pay for it!!!
We are.
Part of me hopes I don’t.
My uncle
Owns a subway. They don’t make shit. Would never invest in that shit food company
Bezel-less car incoming. The entire thing will be made of Gorilla glass
And a 100% reason to remember the name.
Most of us are buying shares on this one. Partly because buying the shares makes the short squeeze more likely by reducing float, and partly because the stock is very volitile and the main reason we think its going up is a long term vision. I think it basically garaunteed to 10x sooner or later. But I cant tell you if that is going to take 1 year, 3 years or even 5 years to happen. So calls are more of a gamble for sure, on the other hand the upside is large in terms of monetary gain. If you do end up getting calls make sure to hedge with some stocks though. Either way, good luck!
Just get rid of socials bro. Did it 4 months ago and haven’t looked back
T-8 MINUTES
My favorite posts is when someone is just posting a ticker into the void. “GME” and it has like 20 upvotes.
Tbh Xiaomi is not that bad tho. It becomes more and more popular in Europe. It's cheap but decent quality. To be clear, i dont want to convince someone, just my 2 cent.
I’m optimistic but we will see. I hope they provide services more than a store front.
Gotta buy that extended warranty. $$$$
Dude I've been thinking the same....remember when it hit 900 last time. 80$ days at open nonstop
That was only a month ago...
lmao you literally made a post on "thcb and qs to the moon" on Dec 23 at the fucking top, please tell me what is mooning next so I can short it
Why did we not have lockdowns for these diseases? Ebola literally made you bleed out of every orifice in your body until you died and all we did was cut off air travel to and from certain parts of Africa and that was the end of it. If you remember there were a couple of Ebola cases that made its way to the US, but we didn’t have any lockdowns that shut down every business except the ones owned by billionaires.
This will be my very first trade, got bad FOMO about TSLA but I'm getting 🌈🐻 thoughts about the EV bubble. 


Wanna ride a 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀, love the memes and agree with the potential for Cohen to turn this shit around.

Should I buy stocks now ready for open or wait until Midday Monday? Wondering if I should let the 🌈🐻 lower my buy-in and up my tendies count??
[removed]
Source?
You talking edibles or do you just have a chocolate fetish?
19 Feb tesla puts
Hyundai and Canoo in a panel together... Hyundai in talks with Apple for an EV... 🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻
So I'm gay and married and my husband is cool with us having a threesome with another dude but I've been thinking and it would be really hot to make it a foursome with another dude and a vagina in the mix...

How do I tell him? 

Also should I buy nio Monday?
[deleted]
20% gain is what I am waiting for. It hits that, and I am out. Bought at $350. If there is dip, I will hold and wait. 

Apple really could’ve had this market. Roku launched their product around the same time as AppleTV. 2008 ish. 

This is why I am not bullish on the iCar. Being a $2T co doesn’t guarantee success.
[removed]
It's always what's going to matter, sadly. Lol a company can make an entire name for its self with inflated numbers 🐼
got my 4 free stocks for a 100$ month flip and deleted that shitstain app
15k, 70% lol
You are telling me things are only with what someone else is willing to pay for them.  Crazy idea.
That’s why it’s White Castle. Ackman just spotted w/ Harold & Kumar.
HELMETS ON

OPEN THE GATES
Deez
New challenge 

$350-$50k
Jesus you didn’t even read that post: you get 2 warrants for 9 shares, and one extra warrants per 9 units which aren’t available anymore.
My weekly short calls want us to be slightly red, but my longer term short puts want us to be green

Am I 🅱️👀
[deleted]
Lol no
This has to be the top right? Not even a bear, just wondering..
GETTING

MONEY

EASY

GME. It’s literally written out
Yo someone tweet at Pap Musk and ask if Trump is banned from buying a TSLA. That way we can either have a massive buy opportunity, or a massive run up tomorrow 😍
Cum Dividend
They might be more retarded than us at WSB for not closing out at $2. Really does seem like revenge trading at this point
You were a bear for the last nine months? How are you alive? How much did you lose?
Why do you hate money
Bro i read an article that said that for every car tesla has sold, its market value would be wore 1.2 million per car, toyota and volkswagen are about 4000 per car sold
No. It’s gapping up.
> Bruh, that's not what you were saying... you were saying resolution and MP had no relation...

These are my exact quotes.

> I also dislike their autonomous announcement, camera megapixels are irrelevant. (to autonomous driving)



> It’s no longer true that the higher a camera’s megapixel count the better. (for resolution)

>Resolution isn't tied to megapixels, you can have a 2MP camera that captures in 1080p

NIO having an 8MP to Teslas 2MP is incredibly irrelevant. Improving resolution does nothing past a certain point other than waste resources, the human eye can barely differentiate between 4k and 8k, a computer can deal with 360p easy.

There are Robotaxis in the world right now, Waymo is running their HD mapped Lidar system in geofenced areas. Tesla's FSD is really impressive and is likely orders of magnitude safer than a human. Having said that, the main benefit of FSD is public transport, Robotaxis seem dumb to me while that isn't implemented, how cheap could buses be without a driver? Tesla/Waymo/NIO don't seem to care about it, not even Comma.ai talk about it.

It will likely never be perfect but the demand is there already, people are spending $8k to have it included with their Teslas even though its illegal to use in most scenarios. NIO is trying to get revenue from an incomplete product that won't be ready for years. At least NIOs is recurring and can be cancelled unlike Tesla (again, great deal for the consumer, not for NIO)
Since Elon moved to Texas, how long before we see a cybertruck  sold that’s able to roll coal (in a different way obviously) and with a huge lift kit?
I hope you washed for supper
[deleted]
Told my dad to buy shares in most of those sectors
God damn, this guy economics.
Big if at that point though
Jared “dollar bill” spacman
Tsla 500 eom
I read the post, chucked, chuckled more at the third edit, lost it on the fourth, mashed upvote. FUCK NIO, $TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🌕
Because the gov isn't propping it up once it's recovered and then it will be clear all the earnings are overvalued
🦓🦓🦓
Use 3.5k to buy shares of GME to write two covered calls on weekly options every week. Most dividend stocks pay 4% a year. You will have 4% per week with 15% share upside baked in weeekly. If GME spikes to 25 or ever gets your shares called you still stand to gain 15-20% in a single week.Take your profits and find a new play when this happens. This will protect your account in the case of a 10% market correction which is rather likely In coming months.
As my grandfather always told me: suck it up pussy and don’t be a paper handed bitch
PLS RUSSELL 2000 FUTURES
Whatever
[removed]
Hahahaha
[deleted]
Like what? Online ordering? So does leafly. So does Baker. So does Greenbits. The list goes on.
Canoo
My great grandparents
I'm gonna hedge to the tits on Monday but I would love to feel a green dildo up my ass
TSLA 🚀🚀🚀 1000 EOW
Why would they be worthless? IPOC buying clover health was news a while back. I hold a small amount but not sure if I will hold it.
[deleted]
TA is stupid lol.
Yo do know this is on the internet forever, right? I mean If my dad  decided my name on a post I'd be like fuqqq
Pursuing other ventures would be the reason not to. That’s really all
Yes. Slightly red futes are always the greenest days
I remember 4
Most people like that, no?
You misunderstand what a black swan is
Nio will be good competition for Tesla. It will hopefully push both companies to preform better.
Webull charts are always so fucked
Have like 250 shares around $14 just gonna hold em personally
It depends on the market. I can tell you that in new mexico numbers (thc percentage) is what matters.
More likely he wants to steal your butthole virginity
June QQQJ 35c
Ah yes, another magic glass ball post. Except it's not even magic.
Imagine thinking it matters
It is destiny.
Australia don’t let me down!
Should, but hard to gauge market emotions.
[deleted]
White Castle to the 🌙! 🚀
This is astrology for men
man you people are retarded
I hope we limit up
25k tsla would be a market cap of ~20 trillion, approximately 10 times current AMZN valuation. So either puts on $ or no way
Bb + nio + nvda = 🌝🎉
Imagine raising 20 billion dollars to sell bottom tier deli meats made fresh by your favorite minimum wage Indian immigrant 

🤡🤡🤡
you people sound like actual  QAnon madmen
i promise you you dont
Buffet is in RKT (please be true, please be true).
Nice try
As long as it goes to the moon on Tuesday
🥖🥖🥖🥖
I need to see more PLTR for some confirmation bias.
Yes sir
Please, I like America!  Fancy Schmancy!  What a cinch!  Betty boop, what a dish.  Betty Grable, nice gams
A mod who works for its people?! This is suspect

Edit: USA USA USA

Edit2 (I’m liking this trend): all of the puts on NIO and watch that shit burn
F
WWEEEKEND DOWN BLOOD FUCK
TSLA puts if it's not already crashing + PLTR calls.
Lol your a knock and clearly don’t understand strains or selling packs, just admit you don’t know much about weed in Cali or in general, no “branding” can ever replace these strains there quality is top notch and scientifically developed
Guys... what if we’re still at the beginning of the TSLA run? (Insert Keanu Reeves ‘whoa’ meme here)
Go E V!
Honeatly, she's kind of bitch.
Imagine that
good job bro...i sometime get so sad that i'm a such a pussy ass bitch...i had FCEL at 6$ 40 shares but sold when it hit 9$... how do i grow big balls and not just pussy out after 2 digit gains..i get so depressed sometimes.
Fo rizzle?
ELY to the moon.....🚀🚀🚀🚀
If interest rates stay low/zero I dont see it dropping, where else can people put their money? HYSA before march were 2.30% APY or more now they are 0.2%
Bruh
No. They're valuable because of their fintech segment for cannabis companies
[deleted]
Means nothing. 

Source: TSLA 

I have no money in either just saying that argument is worthless with EV
Proof or bab
I understand what you’re saying, but how do you expect to get people onboard without paying them massive salaries?  Open sourcing at least the core can help push your product forward.  You can build services and products around the core that other open source developers can help you push forward.  Now If you’ve discovered some amazing algo that works and you can backtest it.  Jesus, don’t even give the picks out...put your own money where your algo is and post sweet gains photos.
Think it’ll dip a decent?
Ouch
I’m so nervous for my TSLA calls. I feel a great disturbance in the force.
What are you doing in my diary
same, pulling back from social media but still trading because need to make tendies to move to a country that has more freedom!
Good for you for not using anything made in China
[removed]
I probably have to buy to close those psth 30cs I sold
They arent trying to be a games retailer. In fact the vision is exactly the opposite, everything BUT the games. Collectibles, computer parts, esports you name it. Noone thinks they have a chance at making money selling games long term. They will likely keep earning money for it for years to come but it is a shrinking bussines for sure. Fortunately that's not the game plan.
Wow Thank you. That was really interesting to read.
Lmao for what?
SAME. GME/PLTR to the moon. Got TSLA puts too so all the 19 year olds gonna downboat me.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/n351320447 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
When stonks go up and you see tendies, just think of how you can reorganize to make those tendies grow you more tendies.
He had me at the 'no racism plz' but fuck the pandering to the CCP
Fuck outta here commie
You may benefit from a quick once over on what you just communicated.  There is a pretty clear logical inconsistency in what you have replied with.
Should be a rather large dip..
GOEV anyone?? thinking of stocks plus some calls but not sure how long out to buy
It’s almost certain now, with motley stimulus headline, PT bumps, NIO hyping up EV, good stimulus talks, and blue presidency. We should be cheering $1,150 EOW tbh, cause I believe that’s the rough estimate for 1T
[deleted]
[deleted]
They turn into clov calls. You’ll be fine
Is GME still a thing?
https://ark-funds.com/subscribe
The massive amount of liquidity provided by the federal reserve since March 2020 is propping up the market. Along with interest free debt. 

There's definitely many interelated causes, but the driver for all of it seems to be the money printing. I don't think retail investors have enough money to move the entire market like that, though I could be wrong
PSTH buying subway would be so 🌈 🌈 🌈
[removed]
Bearish for tesla or what?
[removed]
🤡🤡🤡🤡
~~initiate kidnap protocols on op~~ no no sir it’s perfectly normal for chinese person to hold many many jobs ok Nio great company and I love America. I love the bald eagle. Nio 🚀🚀🚀🚀 Nio to moon 🚀🚀🚀 god bless America 


^(kidnap him now kidnap now we’re compromised)
The et7 with higher price is supposed to have that range. But that's years away, so no proof it will yet. 

Lidar can't tell a trash bag from a baby. It's a great way to have o.k. autonomy. It's not going to get to robotaxi. 

Anyways everyone else is so far behind collecting data, Tesla will be the first to having true robotaxis. Then it's winner-take-most, and there will be very little space for any competitors.
Yes
Ha, no. It’s because GM isn’t growing at 50% a year like Tesla, it’s shrinking. It’s because GM is playing catch up and losing EV market share. It’s because GMs gross margins are single digits. It’s because GMs ROIC is nearly worthless. GM’s future prospects are dim, and its not very profitable now per dollar of revenue. If you’re picking GM or Tesla to invest your capital in, there’s a really obvious choice and it’s not GM.
Bears always fuk
Also what's with the idiots downvoting, bunch of zoomers who can't do maff must have discovered this sub -- TSLA at ATH to hit Cathy's prediction 2 years early and it's 2021.
What are your thoughts on Janet Yellen and her economic policies?
Cool
You literally spam negative shit ABOUT GME you retard and you start complaining about the other side spamming?

Embarrising
[deleted]
Tesla I’d love to see a dip tomorrow so I can buy-WSB
bruh, work hard...and AAPL.
So gap up 5% then?
>That and LL dude who fleeced like half of wsb.

This was golden.
what have i just read
Soon you can add posh to the Becky etf
Or nothing matters👻
Uh oh Weekend Dow is blood red
Lol it's a brand new industry. It takes time to figure out, especially when an entire nation is telling at you to hurry up.
Jokes aside, I don't think nuclear energy is such a terrible idea.
[removed]
how do you get those?
you think raging bull big cock energy is putting their money in psth instead of cathie and elon?

this has bear and cash gang written all over it. psth needs to be defeated
[deleted]
I don’t want to invoke bad omens, but it literally has very little odds of going tits up.
"Be fearful when others are greedy" ok boomer
720 seconds till Bears are fuk. 🐻 ☠️🥰
GENOMIC STONK 👺💉👺💉👺💉
If Boeing takes a hug dip then a buying opportunity
The entire promo is even better. Scott Steiner doesn't care about those girls who are all about romance, he's talking to all his freaks out there

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msDuNZyYAIQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msDuNZyYAIQ)
It’s been an honor and a privilege retards. See you cucks on 4Chan along with your wife and her boyfriend.
[removed]
I finally put a stop order in on my Tesla shares at 840. I have a 165. Bough them at 580 each before the split. Hope the stop order isn’t triggered, but better to be safe with this much money on the line.
Literally no one cares 😅

TSLA 1000c 1/15 🚀🚀🚀
Lol ill never forget when WWE stock was shooting up with all events canceled. That and LL dude who fleeced like half of wsb.
[removed]
😂  this ☝🏻️
Let’s goo!
Find out how much I fucked myself by buying IPOC calls that are now CLOV calls. Are they worthless? Maybe? Can I sell them? No idea. Have I found answers online or from my brokerage? Nope. My girlfriends boyfriend isn’t going to be happy
They make good hot drinks
Got 900p, that's crazy af and they're expensive so I hope you're right since I'll get money and you'll be rich.
[deleted]
I mean Tesla is definitely ahead in terms of data but you haven't read into it if you think apple is just starting to dip their feet into the scene. They've very obviously been doing self driving research for years now... in 2018 they had 66 road-registered driverless cars. Last year they bought another company that was developing self driving services in the form of adaptive kits.
Holly fucking tits boys... we about to go on some jack ma vacation
Sell any short term calls at a price point higher than it is trading now.
Agreed, Sunday nights are delightful now
yeah
Yes
Yup, I’m buying first thing tomorrow morning
But it was a 737
Not lambo, might as well be a fucking pinto.
Leap calls I hope. Because that’s a good plan. PLTR FDs is the biggest trap and death sentence on the market
fosho. like i said hopefully i'm wrong and it moons. gonna be interesting how it unfolds next 6 months.
Hopefully alot of tendies for you tomorrow
Dig
I disagree with you because the Canadian companies are terrible. 

&#x200B;

Signed,  
A Canadian
Steelers going to get rekt by the browns today LOL. Hopefully. Doubtfully. God damnit.
broker pulled a RH freeze on me.  F
[removed]
Tim 🍏
Canoe
Wrong account, genius. This was just a random dude pointing out stuff.

/u/notccpbot is the offending account.
Can’t wait to finally be back in the casino! Open up now, it’s been a long fucking weekend!
Let’s fucking goooo
You got balls posting that kind of return in here, but a W is W , you do you.
[deleted]
Plans for more maga protest, I think things more unstable than they appear
They got kicked from SPY and spun off the investment side. This is a shit stock now.
[removed]
If its about a family , it is definately corporate. When you go for interviews its always about all of us being a "family".
Okay, this is what I don't get. North Korea has exactly that but magnitudes worse with actual proof. Yet I see a 'China bad' post/comment EVERY DAY ON THIS SITE, with questionable sources. What the fuck?
Shut up man
Hey! No logic allowed in political discussions!
Ok
Canoo, also known as bangbus on here
RIP
Yep.

&#x200B;

Poo Bear's patrol.
*Jared
promising year for: *cannabis, green energy, semiconductors, infrastructure, biotech, SPACs*
I saw a bear in red dead 2 and shot it in the face 20 times and it died. Calls.
calls on bidets
The gamble is exactly what some of the retards here are looking for.
Last year they announced holiday sales AH the day before the ICR Conference
Convince me or go buy puts to put the money where your mouth is.
It's the only sub where you won't get banned for not toeing the line and not participating in good think.
I mean your already rich being able to buy that many shares
still waiting for OPEN to wake up, cathy keeps buying tho so i got faith ... think my jan 15 contracts are cooked tho
What’s xqc’s chat saying?
You better keep away from my 4chan!
Luckily I got that home gym homie, hitting maxes left and right
🤡🤡🤡🤡
So all in on SGNL? 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yeah I remember that glad I didn’t read more into back then
Plays for tomorrow:

Puts on aapl, amzn, and spot

Calls on sne

I was trying to airplay a show on prime to my tv and it got stuck in a loop after I tried playing a song on my phone. Had to boot up my PS4 to watch it instead

This is how I make all my financial decisions
Hmmm aapl weeklies 🤔
i think i saw dr michael burry in there
You meant to post in r/investing?
Gotcha, thanks.
Dw power will be back up by tomorrow
BlackBerry $BB investor conference, facebook court settlement, Qualcomm snapdragon partnership, already partnered with nvidia, hyundai, nio, gm, releasing private messenger service. Cheap stock lots of potential starting now
I'll meet you at Lala's Little Nugget in 20 minutes.
MMs can’t force a limit down. Limit downs are fucking ridiculous. March was the only time they’ve happened.
They’ve been short initially since 2014, no idea quite how large the share position is but we know they moved the puts up from July to Jan. More confident in a short term price decline than holding those through a proxy fight it would seem
Or go all in on TSLA and never have to worry about school/work ever again. 🚀🚀🚀
Yep, need me to tell you the definition of racist?
Might swap a bit of my Tesla calls for GOEV June or July expiries. Might cash out PSTH if it still goes up tmr, too much circle jerking and no real news, random rumours of companies come up but no source. Although everyone is retarded and we know how strong retard power is...
lol when an inch of snow shuts down texas lmao
You got insider info or are you retarded?
[deleted]
😩
Rip to your tendies. Shoulda just bought PLTR calls and been rich instead. Oh well
Yes
[deleted]
Who wants a car that is outdated and performs slower after 1 year
[removed]
I think u meant GME not GM
Lol. Racist?
Wow impeccable customer service. I am now all in on $BIAS thank you
?
Combustion engine 😂
PSTH 🚀🚀🚀 BILL SPACMAN WILL DELIVER
You will need to leave your millennial ass job to wipe your pop’s butt
They only sell 3 sizes where I'm at. 1g, 3.5g, and a pre roll. They don't have enough product to even offer larger sizes, which there is a demand for. Cookies could be so much larger if they just had the right supply behind them. Both in terms of size and quality.
Anyone remember when tards here were high on WWE options last spring? Tf was that about 




Also NFLX to the moon this week
Lmao guy cant take a joke
all gay bear energy has been displaced to psth

how fucking pathetic
Sorry but I don't find your analogy very apt. 

So I'll go with 3. That he's pranking me.
So a company that squeaks $300 million profit in a quarter is worth $900 billion. 

But a company like GM --- that profits $300 million*13 ($4 billion) in a quarter is worth only $60 billion. 

Is that because in 10 years Tesla will finally make $4 billion in 1 quarter? Great 10 years from now but today's valuation of $900 billion, worth the same as GM, Walmart, McDonald's, Ford, and Coca-Cola if they were all merged into one.....That's a bit high even if you are optimistic about Tesla's future. 

I did see 1 Tesla on the road today which is an improvement from the norm. Maybe in a few years I'll see 3 or 4 on the road out of the 50k cars I see pass by a day.
Everyone is speculating on a target for PSTH. I wanna know what % it goes up if it’s revealed that Buffett is the secret investor
Anyone in on long TSLA puts?
No. It was dropped from the S&P and separated into two companies.
Damn, I'd give you my sub r/StrattonOakmontInc, but there's no way to transfer the members.
🤫just let it happen
Netflix added a shuffle feature. I pretty much only watched cable still because I like flicking through channels sometimes instead of looking through a library. Don’t need that anymore
Been in THCB since $10.70 try again

Or do you think you're the only one capable of original thought.
Also consider Hyundai's $100 million in Arrival which is going public through CIIC, a SPAC. Arrival is planning on building microfactories around the world for vans and other vehicles. Easy takeover target for Apple to build the Apple car.

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/2-electric-vehicle-spacs-to-watch-on-apple-hyundai-rumors-1029944489

In at 3000 warrants.
Nothing has felt bullish since march yet here we are
they will just issue new shares to dilute shareholders
I feel you, homes. This year fucked up me, but at least money was made.


We just gotta get vaccinated, head back to the gym and build our confidence back up.
if the bears win this game we are going red tomorrow
Why you didn't buy puts? This is WSB.
If you don’t think there are shills here last week some guy was posting about how “yeah sure Chinese people give up freedoms, but they get to plug into this awesome lifestyle and integrated society.”
[removed]
And don’t forget PLTR lol
Nah ive been making bank  buying the dips and selling the rips since 9$.
They say the first T is the hardest
See you tomorrow at 9:30 baby
Probably even over $1.2k
Ever since Work From Home trend started from the pandemic, I no longer dread Sunday nights
I don't hear people talking about deflation much. What happens if/when 90% of the population literally can't afford to pay rent or significantly stop buying stuff? Maybe credit cards + student loans are the answer but there might be a bubble there.
[deleted]
Nothing, this news broke last week and the stock price hardly moved.
Many saying this you are saying the only worth a man has it to open jars tho bro lmao
Correct. TSLA is like a hybrid. It’s a meme stock, but it’s also very real.
AAPL gang, strap in for a shrek cock of a month. This Hyundai news + earnings + tech rotation = 🚀
This was one of my 2 major concerns before deciding to go all in GME. The other being the possibility of Cohen not sticking with the company, which I personally feel is extremely unlikely after reading the articles by/with him. This is the only major one that remains. The entire concept of making GME into an e-commerce giant and stealing customers by being more specialized hinges heavily on customer loyalty and being able to prodive them with a good experience, having good staff etc. It wont be easy to change either, the huge name recognition is a perk and a curse at the same time and the allowance for poor brand perception is exactly why I dont trust the current management team to get Gamestop to transition into what it needs to become. This is likely the biggest hurdle they will have to overcome. 

Personally the reaoson I think it can be overcome is conviction of the experience of Ryan Cohen. In the articles about how he built Chewy one of his main focuses he always brings up is how important he thinks customer service is to the bussines. If there is a choice between profit and a happy customer he says to always take the happy customer without blinking an eye. He wrote an entire article about the lessons he learnt from his dad, who was also an entrepreneur, and this was highlited as the chief among them. Couple that with his appareny conviction to go all in on Gamestop and that makes me believe he has a plan. If he had accepted a seat at the board of directors I would have been out. He didnt and I think he wants a complete overhaul and is will do his all to achieve it. I think he can do it. If he appears to be failing and I loose conviction lf this it will probably be the 1 thing that could get me to sell. 

Thanks for highlighting this important criticism! Hope you found my thoughts on the subject somewhat useful and have a great night.
NIO gonna rip to 65 tomorrow
How about SOL? any way to find this out?
Saw in an article recently that Roku’s “Roku Channel” has been doing extremely well on smart tvs. Apparently it’s part of the reason they’ve been doing extremely well, even more so that the Roku smart TVs.  They recently also purchased Quibi’s content. 

They also make up about 7% of ARKK. 

If you haven’t already, it may be good to pick them up.
Oh, can your ego not take the opinion of a European? So fragile.
Hope it’ll be fixed by tomorrow so you can buy more TSLA
just showing love for my brothers down under. tendies for every hemisphere
I do, this shit sucks. If it ain’t fixed by morning I won’t get a chance to FOMO and lose my money like every monday. It’s become my weekly routine
So you just admitted you guys are being "racists pieces of shit" lol. Might need to look at your own comments before you post them, child. He explained himself when people called him a shill and you smoothbrained piglets banned him. You deserve to be laughed at. Im a left leaning government hating man, but that guy did not deserve you piglets ganging up on him. I will stand up for that, anyday. And btw, i dont want inbred racist viewers like you, or "pieces of shit" like you would call them. Goodnight, child.
That's my thoughts as well. 20% in a week and due for some correction.
This is the way
TSLA 950 in wakanda
Lmao
[deleted]
What went wrong autist?
Vale 4/16 18C over here
Anyone else making dough off AY?
Executive decision I’m gonna take a trading and social media break for a couple weeks starting tomorrow. I’m just tired in general and I need to focus this semester. 

Gotta cut down phone time somehow and work harder this semester. Did okay last semester but I want to get top ten or 15 in the class and this ain’t gonna do it. 

I also think we’re going to dip soon and the fallout from DC on my socials is ridiculous. People I know on both sides just getting out of hand.
all of a sudden, NIO gets credibility among chinese-hating boomers
Perfect I think SQ calls it is been wanting to get in on them for a while
15 minutes to Valhalla, retards!
It's the fact that we are going to waste tax dollars and time in Congress when we could be drafting bills and such.  Imagine how productive they could be without their anger leading the way.
TLDR - don't take out student loans, don't go to college. Instead, get any job after high school and buy stonks and calls.
Agreed
Now this is quality DD
You should short GME. Sounds like you’re well versed about the company.
T minus 15 mins

Fucking psyched
Yea fuck him
Id take 36, 40 is beautiful
That's why I only listen to 10 year olds.
[deleted]
Even if they’re red we’ll be green by open
long term you can find the cup and handle that's formed
Thx again dude. So its not a normal thing for sales to be announced at the ICR, just something that GME decides to do
we can watch some double D's on OnlyFans too
Precisely. This is now on the front page lmaom about a 1% chance the original post was "CCP" and not some random guy who bought a Reddit account from 20 bucks to make a shill post
Bears losing. Is this foreshadowing
what is
Hard to time though
(Downvoted to oblivion) 

😝🤣 Half the country would vote Trump. And that riot on Capitol Hill would have been awesome if the law wasn’t broken.
But why though?
I like your big dick energy
The amateurs try to use TA to predict movement instead of focusing on plans for different possibilities.

For example on Friday I sold my puts I had bought earlier in the day when SPY hit a major trend line on its mid day drop. It later went under that trend line and I jumped in on more puts because there was a chance we could drop a while until we reached the next support.

I sold those puts at a loss when we recaptured the trend line and bought calls and rode those all the way to above 380. All of that was planned by me. 

That's how I use TA at least.
r/StrattonOakmontInc never took off unfortunately
These news might pump NIO tomorrow, it’s a good day 🚀
yeah i went long friday again, since it had huge drop...this weekend they announced a few more trillion in stimulus, so gold gonna go back up hopefully
Premium paid to buy the call option. Ask has gone up for both - Vale is 0.70 for $25 strike & MT is $1.85 for $30 strike for 6/18 expiry.
What's that 1st emoji
 \-99.60% right now.

Should've just used the money to buy GME.
I remember buying my shares at $5 even
Guh.
Anyone can literally say anything in the stock market, and eventually it will probably happen. To get a good idea of who’s actually good is how consistently they can predict and be right. Being right a lot more than they are wrong. Burry has been announcing TSLA crashing for several months, and it’s still mooning. He got lucky a few times in the past and everyone thinks he’s a god. He’s making a fool of himself with his tweets, many of which he’s caught deleting. If you want to listen to him, go ahead. Personally, I also believe TSLA will crash, and so does many other people. But something weird is going on and it’s only going up, and no one wants to touch it right now. It’s ruined way too many bears. Haven’t you been reading headlines about the amount of money lost due to people shorting TSLA?

Just be careful man...
BlackBerry Baby
The only reason I joined twitter was to follow trump
Kinda have to. Lost 90% on that one
You just wanna steal my 2k robinhood account!!
🚀🚀
Yea I’ve got kgc leaps, pretty cheap and were effective during last weeks gold pump
Nobody cares
I should've figured it was a bad idea to ask here 🥴
He has a massive ego
God I hope futes are green. 0dtes are sketch over the weekend
Edit: 1dte
It
true, even curvier
That is retardedly high. Godspeed retard
Thought on $BB 01/23 10c leaps? super cheap
Who cares
Sq I’ve been swing trading call options for awhile for 5x returns, beautiful chart. The revenue is gonna grow an additional 80-100% this year. Look what 100% revenue growth did for the stock last year. Etsy has amazing growth as well and is estimated to grow revenues an additional 80% in 2021 with high levered free cash flow and is currently on cool down from all time highs. The only problem with calls on etsy is they cost such a high % of share price
this new found GME bearish sentiment means its time to rip. In since 10 not leaving till 100
BAN!
TSLA 820P 01/15
Haha yet the canadian companies keep doing better than us
Bruh don't give me hope. Hope is a mindkiller.
[removed]
Why do you think dip? Im on 67c 1/15 and hoping for a 5% day and an upgrade maybe
[deleted]
Wtf is this
The definition of what’s considered hate is increasingly defined by the media and a small twitter cabal though.
Lol why
Are you talking about the apartment management groups that split it's operations?
Holding pltr calls, who's with me
Yes
It gets manipulated by the banks and gov to try to show no inflation
So if I’m a diamond hand what am I going to buy tomorrow?
Yeah, and by then i think i couldve made much better gains with MARA or ARKF
Yes
This took some time, take my up vote
But i dont wanna sell 😔😤
Lol imagine thinking I support the CCP because I’m against terrorism. Guess we’re all degenerates on this fucking sub but some of us truly are more retarded than others.
Smooth 🧠
[deleted]
Thank you! Will check back.
Snow in Austin caused a blackout. Currently charging my phone using my laptop. Hardly any bandwidth to even browse shit
🛶 and 🐝
This is true, too many dumbass GME posts saying to “buy now buy now buy now!!!”, with no other purpose just to pump the stock, ppl need to realize that it’s going to dip and not go straight up
Flat week
How do I invest in this video. Asking for a retarded friend
I agree and I think Tesla is overvalued but the guy needs to shut up because he has much of a clue about Tesla stock as we do.
[removed]
I don't think the rise in valuations is due to stimmy. Increase in retail investing imho. When we are allowed out people will cash out and start partying
Why
Go get 'em buddy I'm cheering for you
Having much higher demand than your supply only goes so far for so long. Eventually someone else with great branding will come in and if they can supply better while keeping up demand then they will quickly eat up cookies..
This has to be a CCP shill
PLTR will be added to FAANG one day to create FAAPNG
You might be right. I saw one of my friends who lives alone for the first time in 6 months this weekend and his social skills were so rusty I don’t know if he’ll ever recover. Pretty sad
I don't think he was NIO or CCP, surely if he was he would have been pumping since day 1?
The only thing I’m worried about is inflation, but inflation is needed after the crash last March so maybe it’s not a problem. I just can’t see the economy recovering then immediately crashing again.
IT'S HAPPENING!!!
Buyden says *"print that shit Jerome!"*
Standard sell the news situation is my gut feeling.
I don’t follow NIO leaps much, but an option contract would have high IV before earnings or big events (like NIO day) so just buy after those and track IV on an option you like
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktkf1t/ev_tonk_to_the_moon/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
[deleted]
> Looking down at the TSLA chart on your phone, a smirk fills your face. Above the chart, it reads "$10.59 (-8.84%)." 

> "I'm not a complete retard after all," you think to yourself as you finish your tendies.
Nice, NIO is partnering with Nvidia. I know I'm late to the news, but it don't matter cause it's the weekend and I already got NIO
Short here
Thanks for the fat 10 gift subs pikachu
I understand.
No source because he has non perhaps
One has gone from 3$ to over 60$ next week and is a legitimate company with market dominance in a market larger then the USA.

One is a dying company that has gone from 3$ to 18$ and 15 year olds think its going to 100$ because of a large short interest
TSLA 1000c EOW
>5.Political Bullshit

>Posts & Comments

>Reported as: Political Bullshit

>This isn't /r/politics, /r/the_donald, /r/political_humor, etc. If you choose to start arguments about libtards or Nazis instead of making fun of their bad SPY long then you're in the wrong place and we'll show you the door.

>Nobody cares about your political opinions. If it's not about taking advantage of the political to make money then leave that baggage at home. WSB is not the stage for your lazy political regurgitation nor will it be used as a propaganda mouthpiece by anybody.

He could've posted the DD without sucking the CCP off and he would've been fine
I dare you to buy puts on tesla.
Put it all on AAPL!
I didnt know about the holiday sell off, i wouldve been cash gang otherwise :/ also now i know to expect dips when ark pays its dividends
After browsing this sub for a week, I've noticed Tesla, NIO, PSTH, Apple, and ICLN seem to be the "good stocks" and GME and Nikola seems to be a meme stock lol
holy fuck were retarded here
This is the best shit I’ve ever seen. Saved.
Pleas
Right but what contracts you like rn?
$4 a year ago
So your take is that the 50k OI on those puts is Melvin? So they have short sold a shit load of shares and are buying that many puts? Somebody from GME gang def fucked everyone at melvin capitals wife or something
Calm down sperg
Pleas
But it you didn’t have any🚀🚀🚀
At the end of 2021 it’ll be “who remembers NIO under 100”
Once rural America has WiFi via star link no one will need cable.
I have both!
How do my posts get fucking deleted and this shit get's to stay?
Fuck NIO. Tesla 🇺🇸🦅
Can you see the future??? 3️⃣ 👁
Catch up to Nio? LOL
Grow baby grow
[deleted]
If spy opens green tesla gon moon
2 girls 1 cup and handle.
[removed]
lmao YOU DO yikes bro sikorsky has nothing to do with it
Did she leave with half?
😆🔥💀
Anyone long gold?
There’s a DD post here that explains it. Basically their filing is unique and in favor of investing in shares. For every 9 shares you hold post merger you get at least 1 or 2 more warrants
[deleted]
Cohen \*added\* 9 million shares at like 16 bucks a share, recently.. but nice talking to you Melvin
What if he was the person to post on the CNBC video??? 🤔
Spaces.
More cars are sold at my local junk yard than Nio Global.
Spy 400 EOM then switch to 🏳️‍🌈 🐻 puts
😳
Any of you idiots live in Austin, Tx and want to meet up to discuss dumb plays
You are going to extreme lengths to defend a corporation, and for that I condemn you yo retard jail
If you think the stock will keep going up, yes. With a higher strike price you’ll make more money than a lower strike price if it goes up.
aka perfect to get in.
You sound a little bit gei and bearish. 

Positions or bann.
🚀🚀🚀
谢谢
I’m divorced wish i would have done that for 14 years instead
Only boomers are downvoting me lmao
Spaces or tabs?
WHAT would be next TESLA or tech?
Who remembers nio in the $20s
[Didn't you shill THCB after my DD? I guess you are my shill too](https://www.reddit.com/r/monkeystreetbets/comments/kj3i6s/thcb_to_the_moon/)
I used my last day trades on Friday, so I need some safe plays to hold at least overnight this week, if not for several days
Tsmc will be the catalyst tech needs
So buy GME?
[deleted]
[removed]
Oh that? I had [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/ksmvok/doj_fines_boeing_over_25_billion_charges_it_with) in mind

Nasty organisation
Thanks for the pep talk, I'm ready to go get them now 😊
█ ▇ ▆ ▅ ▄ ▂ ▁ sllnq ǝıssnɐ pɐɥɔ

chad 'murican bulls ▁ ▂ ▄ ▅ ▆ ▇ █
You realize NIO rocketed as much in the past year as TSLA did? The percentage gain is about equal on both stocks over the past year...
NIO and GME both suck monkey balls. Should we add you to the club too?
NIO is gonna dip on open, then rip the rest of the week.
buy a lot, this is no lotto
You fucking degenerate tankie
RH down for scheduled maintenance.

Limit down confirmed
thanks, that's what I wanted to hear - some reassurance.  


 Transferring the sub after something happens to it is, basically, useless. But having solutions build up while the sub is in it's prime might be a good safety net.
I doubt they would benefit it’s a monopoly atm Low supply high demand = high prices which I said in my initial post Cali weed will go 10k plus for indoor specific strains kolas if weed legalized
I'm going all in on the Tegrity IPO.
If you want more information Todd Harrison is great on Twitter IMO. Good luck
[deleted]
Bears don’t deserve working anuses
I like this post better than the previous one that seemed to have a political axe to grind. Yeah, Twitter is in some kind of trouble and it's definitely gonna dip. I still believe in them long term though - very long term.
He was probably long TSLA and deleted his tweets so the SEC couldn't get him for market manipulation.
60% of Americans still pay for boomer cable. FUBO to the moon💨🚀🌒🌓🌔🌕🌖🌗🌘
They have no good reason they are just fools without money fearmongering for fun. This stock is going to be like holding a super Tesla at its early days, enjoy the elevator up over time
It's my #1 movie ever but thanks brah
The hardest part about predicting a crash is when, not if
[deleted]
If I was an MM and wanted to inflict the most pain possible I would trap bulls on a euphoric Friday and limit down on a Sunday
Go read Richest Man In Babylon. And when you have enough long term sense to be a legendary retard come throw an autistic handful on a pipe dream meme stock.
Don't mess with puts. Only sell calls as it collapses.
Hahahahaha
ARK’s daily emails
Exactly 

If I can get banned for 35 FUCKING DAYS for shitting on the Mango, then that guy can be banned for sucking the CCP off
Sounds like your user name and flair sum up your quarantine experience pretty succinctly.
Humong Us
Apple and NET are the plays tomorrow
[deleted]
Was this out of the blue? Or did you apply for it?
Well spoke comrade
My high school running back has a MBA and he is a truck dispatcher. It’s not just gender or BoA degrees out there dude. Times are tough and the forecasts predict even tougher times.
You know it Daddio 😎
[removed]
SNAP🙃 and I know Tesla’s is at the end of the month.. but I’m to poor for that one
Steelers 🇺🇸🦅? That means MT and VALE to the moon, right? Thanks for buying the ingredients!
u/savevideo
If you are not getting high on dark chocolate, I don't know what you're even doing with your life.
Parler it is
You realize that demand can still be greater than supply, even if you provide a massive supply right?
do you blame Sikorsky for kobe’s death too
Keep trying
might buy some lotto tickets
Last year I was surprised at TSLA for everything. These days, nothing surprises me anymore. TSLA could reach 3T and I’d be numb to it. Just collecting these gains lol
Good call
Damn I love this sub and my fellow autistic so damn much. Almost ironic it’s probably the only group in the world with the balls or massive retardation to stand up against these fucks. Gotta rocketman this all the way to the top and keep it there boys.
Wipe your ass with 50s instead of 100s to save money - elon
Can you put the python script in git hub? I'd love to use it as well.
Roku has gone up quickly. It will probably max out then dip in a week. They’re not TSLA.
Where's the link asshole.
I remember seeing Tesla at $112 a share about 4 years ago. I had so much faith in the company even though it weren’t talked about that much, but I was impatient. I kick myself everyday
GME and the conference, Cohen has been hinting he's buying more. 

TSLA and the 25k car.
If I get run over by your Tesla because Tesla's autopilot fucked up, yes I'd blame Tesla.
He means he can dip into these shares you buffoon
50-50
Big big
I cashed out on some 2/19 calls on Friday but I’m going to get back in at open and hold
[removed]
Any thoughts on aiv? dropped to 4.88 all time high is 55.00 you would think it would come back some
Only when they do it, it's "shilling".  When we do it, it's just "capitalism" because double standards.
Chainsaw VAIsectomy here :D
[removed]
So how is this different from other Chinese companies, let's say baba for example? or is it no different and the same can happen? 

In addition, if they were to pull the plug on the VIE wouldn't that hurt their credibility, which eventually hurts them more than that simple few million $$ gain? What would incentivize them to pull the plug asides from the gain in foreign money?
Everyone wants a stock to do something that sides with their sentiment
I’m never holding anything through the holidays again lmao, lost 60% of my gains and got them all back after
Exactly, I'm not sure what to believe except that I feel like he could've have easily dropped a dd on nio without being so pro-ccp
racist dwellers calling a single nio post CCP infiltration while we have pumpers balls deep in GME spamming nonsense bullshit posts so people can hop in and take their bags. 

the only GME person you should be following is deepfuckingvalue who has been constantly taking profits on every pump. 

Not anyone else lying to you about a squeeze to 100$ so you retire
Lets use IPOE instead of SoFi. There are idiots here trading Sofina SA, SoFi 50 ETF, SoFi Select 500 ETF and other shit while looking for SoFi
Gotcha, thanks for taking the time to explain it. Relatively new to stocks in general but very new to weed stocks and the politics influencing it.
My biggest regrets are selling my tsla 1/15 595 calls the friday before inauguration day. Pain.
Don't worry, so has theirs
$5k in DKNG calls tmrw
100 EOW forsizzle
[deleted]
TSLA was targeted by big auto, oil, and professional shorts.  TSLA kicked all their asses.  A very rare occurrence.
[deleted]
[deleted]
im not a bear but market makers are douchebags
open the casino NOWW
This is the way.
I'm not super good at this yet but I have 2/5 $140c
Feminists be feminists til they need a jar opened
Nothing different than TSLA going private at 420.
Last chance to get calls and bull vertical spreads on the $VIX. Will touch $40 in the next two weeks
Lets go Steelers!
Are my nio calls printing tm?
[deleted]
Congrats and fuck you
lmao please let this be a boomer
[deleted]
Fuck we’re gonna need more awards
Scalpers are buying them
Fuck me I bought Tesla when it was 250 before split and sold for like 280 a month after.

Then just watching it rocket allllllll the way.

Well but still I’m not gonna but it again now. 

YOLO NIO 100c 03/19
I mean more and more states are mandating fully EV vehicles by certain target dates. The current postmasters philosophy is cost cutting and saving. EV vehicles on average provide big cuts in maintenance costs and repairs due to being less complicated. I only see the Ford/Oshkosh vehicle being selected in a limited quantity for certain routes. Only time will tell!
Been there
Will be interesting to read this DD as KMI itself doesn't really emphasize that part of its business in its promotional materials.
In a free market economy jpow would have to keep his hands off the money printer. Nobody wants that. They say they do but they don't. They want what jpow has to give 'em, but they also wanna pretend they don't know where it came from.
There’s 2 types of hypes on this sub. Hype when there’s clear good news, which means yes it’s going up.

Or hype just because something became a meme stock and everyone is praying together. This one usually means it’s fucked, usually, not always.
NIO bears- what makes you think the stock will tank this week? Just curious because it seemed that event day went well and partnership with Nvidia could be big.
Not open yet
Gotcha, tks
No we don’t
And you really could’ve just kept buying calls 2 months out and rolling them and made far more than this, also on no DD
What to short and when to short it.
Im in both arkk and arkg and man after like almost 2 weeks of red days, 2 green days made up for the losses and then some
Nope makes too much sense
[removed]
His sec of state pick is HUGE on moral intervention in international issues too, so I agree.
No side effects at all.  I have to monitor my situation on an app. They called me a couple times to check if I was ok.

&#x200B;

January 25th is the day! That's why I want to contact people before that. Anxiety lingers.
Well done mate
[removed]
Seriously though, do people think the market will react positively if they declare they're moving towards gaming/PC one-stop shop???

Also for anyone asking why would you not just go to game developers directly, if you could go to just one place to sort all your gaming purchases/subscriptions, wouldn't you pay for that comfort? Especially when if you can get multiple things from different suppliers at once why not?
I just want to assure everyone. Me definitely no Chinese infiltrator, me as American as apple juice. 
How bout those Steelers, I'll you what, I got my money on them for NBA Super Bowl yeehaw 🇺🇸🦅
I'm so excited I can't feel my arms! - Jackie Moon
Failed drug + investigation though
Hyundai trades in the US as HYMTF. $50b market cap and up 28% on Friday. Almost any foreign company you can think of has depository receipts which trade OTC.
You son of a bitch, I’m in. Can’t wait to be broke.
same
It's throbbing
$ROPE
[deleted]
[deleted]
If one of my yolos ever gets big enough to make the news, I hope they use "retard' in the headline.
Bears about to get slimed
whatever. i already made 1000% on my tsla so im out
Yes, that’s what I am thinking. A big boost when he announces his green energy plan and then a continued gradual uptrend for the next 4 years ☺️
I honestly don’t think it’s going to really take off the way we expect until legislation starts getting drawn up and we know what’s part of bills.
What’s futures lookin like
Honestly, I’m primarily a boomer investor and only trade with a small % of my portfolio but the strategy I’ve been using lately is making a watchlist of companies in the Nasdaq 100 and monitoring them on heat maps. If I noticed they’ve been down for 2-3 days in a row I’ll throw down 10-25K for a quick trade. Worst case scenario I baghold for a bit but the probability of a mega company going bust decreases.
Fuck this cock sucker
Where were all the racist comments he and others spoke about. He claimed he was called 100’s of names. 
Scanned through the thread and didnt see any... maybe they were deleted 🤷‍♂️
probably 4x that if you continued to roll out everytime it went ITM
Quit being such a fuckin pussy
I traded chunks from there til 4.50. It was good action at times. Was in PLUG at the same time in the $5-$10 range. I’m not rich, I’m retarded....AMA.
Boomers who keep telling themselves this bubble will burst soon 🤡
Did any reasoning come with that?
Didn’t you post this earlier?
Just use shitbase they go down during heavy volume so you can’t paper hand
I’d say confidently over $1k
Thx
That thing is in fact gangsta. When I heard about that car I realized NIO was probably legit. Was the fastest autonomous vehicle developed at the time of release.
with average analyst giving it a price of 150.00 probably a good time to get in and hold. How do you know she bought it?
Same way with SNE and PS5? Stonks just go up.
NIO 🚀🚀🚀
yes no chinese spy/shill could ever speak english well... i dont think he was a CCP shill but that is retarded
You can get into $MSOS on the NYSE which gives you exposure to all the best. This is what big institutions are beginning to do. Follow Todd Harrison on Twitter for more info as he is an adviser and has provides lots of info on institutional interest in the fund
You should start something! I’d be happy to join. I lived in a communist country before and the censorship crap they’re doing in the US feels worse right now.
imagine thinking ur hyping up spy when all ur actually doing is hyping leverage
[removed]
You always know that somebody is a Chinese bot because they'll say, "China isn't Communist."
is the merger (and the merger date) cofirmed?
Did tesla have as much hype as NIO does now before it rocketed a year ago? Do these hyped up stocks actually end up rocketing? I'm asking because "making money" seems so easy right now, all you need is patience?
Don't doubt my mom's cock sucking skills ;)
Why are there random new accounts today shilling for China and getting hyper offended at everything? Tf is this? Nio is a dank meme stock, why would you even need to shill? People already buy FD’s
Personally, fuck the Chinese government. However, I've learned to invest without those emotions.
The fact that so many people are defending that shill has convinced me WSB is being astroturfed 

The dude on nothing but pro CCP subreddits then his first post here was slobbering over a Chinese company and praising the CCP in the comments. Even if he wasn't a bot, his post was needlessly political.
Always. Life is good.
holding 40c FD, need PSTH to pump too
Saints giving us a preview of the bear slaughter on tap for tomorrow
Right. When the market was closed. Jfc
Why did i rewind and watch it again to confirm?
This isn’t a BA issue, it’s a Indonesian safety issue. This wasn’t a 737 MAX the plane that crashed has a good safety record.
Damn, I'm jealous.  Go have some kimchijjigae for me.
Natural gas, baby. Lessgo.
Sure but there’s still no guarantee it goes to workhorse. I liked the Mahindra model but they rescinded the bid so now I’m rooting for Oshkosh/Ford but workhorse has tailwinds with the push for EVs. Good luck!
Fuck man sold my NIO calls on Friday. Had to secure profits but that news with NVDA makes them legit regardless of the politics surrounding China.
Hoping to become a billionaire on the rocketship down. Yeah.... down.....
Bruh you posted the exact same thing a few minutes ago about chinese stocks
gimme a morning/afternoon yolo, got 1k to play with
It’s been going up all week, it’s an etf it’ll move like ARKK or ARKG
Jfc, stop overthinking everything and responding like a woke 20 year old college student who doesn't know anything about how the world actually works.
Check the balance sheet line item and try again
Big earnings week starting this week, with JPM, WF, Delta, TSMC, Blackrock, Citi, reporting.

Zscaler, hot cloud based internet security platform is hosting analyst day on Monday.

Bureau of Labor releases Job openings number on Tuesday

Treasury reports budget deficit number on Wednesday

BLS reports CPI and inflation number on Wednesday.
We're gonna meme the fuck out of GoEV this quarter aren't we?
How much $$$ does Melvin approx have invested in GME shorts/puts? I know 13F doesn't show shorts.
Buy shares, you dont need an exit strategy. If you must buy calls, buy on a red day, ATM, and go long.
Your dream is  awish, your heart makes.
I feel like my social skills have degraded beyond repair though.
Is there any reason not to go balls deep in TAK? Queen Cathie buying up every share they have and IV is super low with great looking options. Leaps looking bueno
He’s gonna end up tweeting this
The people that are soo incredibly confident that Tesla is in a bubble should act on their hot hand confidence, and become rich beyond our wildest dreams. Bubble popping level puts are incredibly cheap. My point is it is incredibly easy to say Tesla is in a bubble and point at the PE. There isn't enough DD that I could write to convince those people different and for the most part I can't disagree the current PE is insane. Tesla will have corrections when the market does, but for it to begin dropping 90% there would have to be another world changing event.
The only person who has accomplished less than Bernie is Rob Reich. And I am far fucking left saying this
it doesn't have to be. I bet there are hundreds of small subs full of anything. But WSB often makes to the main, it makes to the media. That's enough to get scrutinized.   


Reddit board might not entirely love the idea that the sub mentioned on CNBC is notorious for using all kinds of mental and sexual challenges as a trading characteristics
Why? I’ve been short straddle every week on pcg with 12.5 strike, literally free money, why are they gonna go up?
Wear that skidmark with pride!
regardless it's a shit copy and paste post that only got upvoted because confirmation bias. if only gme was chinese too
Watch PSTH merge with Robinhood it’d go to the absolute moon just off memes
 Watch TSLA breaks 1T this week.
Tell that to my first marriage
Shill more
What’s the best way to donate to you? Like are mods allowed to accept donations? You’re the best mod I’ve seen in any sub. And on top of that, you’re being the best mod on WSB autist central. You deserve props and recognition.
I'm just a moron, so what I do is buy the best OTM strike I can afford. In my case I got the March 145 calls. I bought a little too early but they should come back nicely after earnings.
I was looking at that, there's no way they don't come back up. Probably won't recapture previous price, but I could see mid 90s within a few weeks
[removed]
This happened to me with baba during that crazy dip i was in the grocery store on my phone
Yea, especially how we had to fight 28 for so long.
[removed]
2/26/21 80c for 261$ premium.   I also am swing trading it so I’m happy to get my shares called away at 80$
I wanna Nio EP9. That thing is a gangsta. 1360 hp.
**How much $20,000 invested in SPY at the bottom in March is worth today?**

Lets do some backtesting in Thinkorswim and find out

On **March 23** the price of **SPY 1/15/21 $300** strike calls was **2.07**. Lets say we used $20k to buy 100 contracts and hold until expiration.

SPY 1/15 $300 calls at the ask price of 81.10 which gives us a total value of:

#$811,000

no TA, no DD, no need to monitor Elon twitter, just blindly invest in a boring index on a dip and you can secure your retirement. Guaranteed by Jerome Powell^tm

All you need is luck and perfect timing. 🌈🚀
He clearly was a shill because he wasn't the slightest bit autistic
It's Psalm, not Psalms
Idk but I switched to the CBS broadcast. Puts on nick
What strike/exp you thinking?
That's settles it. 

Selling all stocks in NIO and placing puts. The CCP will never take my tendies alive.
I see a lot of people hyping up ICLN in here nowadays. I have some leaps too so im hoping for it to do well but when do we expect it to start rising? When Buyden mentions green energy after inauguration?
Hadn't heard of this Twitter poll, that's hilarious! And really interesting. Kind of confirms my theory that those platforms are a gold mine when it comes to stock picks.
Can't get in any of those companies sooooo TLRY and S.N D.L is what I am looking at thus far

&#x200B;

 ( PLS DON'T BAN MODS <3 )
[second time today](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktbnq4/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/giscu5v/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
average of course it just means rich got richer.
Listen close, you Zika-headed window-licker - I just said I don't post or even comment on GME.  You're arguing with a fictional embodiment of your emotionally-stunted fantasies.
if i run you over with a tesla, are u gonna blame elon
The holiday sales are expected this week, possibly Monday, based on what management said in the 3Q ER
Bruh. Clean that fucking toilet

Edit: HE GOT A 69 DAY BAN FOR THAT LOL
I am invested in ipoe, but after downloading the app, and seeing what they have to offer, kind of second guessing my decision, reminds me of every other junk wanna be tech investment bank whatever they are app
Saw that post, thought it was sketchy. Not even WSB is safe anymore :O
seems to dip every sunday
Then you will have 37% left
Lazy people 🤷‍♂️
🥴
F that. Pops can pay for his own sh@!
Where do you find info on what Cathie buys?
Lol. Last time he shorted TSLA it went from $600 to $700. Then he deleted his tweets like a bitch
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Imagine simping for a corporation who doesn't care about you
Fuck off
Yes, pumps can last more then one day. Especially when an attempted coup interrupts its momentum first day *and* an extremely bullish deal happens to its largest holding
Your guess is as good as mine. Idk, maybe because investors will come to their senses. Then again if economic policies remain its really anyone’s guess 🤷‍♂️
Yea but TSLA actually moves
Thanks man. Hope you had a good weekend
Don't forget that GME's credit rating is Investment Grade (on the top of my head it's BB at Moodys but may be wrong)

Biggest thing to take from the bond market though is that shorts want it to go to bankruptcy, but if the bond market doesn't think so then it does kinda ruin their strategy.

Plus with low interest rates, and a good credit rating, you can imagine GME will be fine in raising capital cheaply to grow and transition quickly, something which is vital when you're fighting with subscription as the first-to-market market theory holds well in these scenarios
Robocop 1 and 2 were one of my fav movies growing up.
Tesla doesn't have a PR department or a marketing department, how would they write off bribes?
Try making a negative CCP comment on the coronavirus board and see what happens.
New license from a 10k investment? Still better than what I usually do
>  no way we're finding anyone after.

People are going to be horny after being inside for months bro
🇦🇺
#Elon’s number one tip for efficiency and success:


*don’t wipe after you shit to save time that can be better spent elsewhere*
Calls
Inverse yourself.
Why is that a thing
90 shares avg cost 25

25C 3/19 (which I might exercise depending on who they get)

40C 3/19
How does AMD and NVDA make any money if there damn video cards are sold out everywhere? 🤡
Just have to wait two years like when he shorted housing
But now it will. Anytime. It will happen. Almost there. Just a feeeeeew more time increments.
Source for 25k car?
i used to know the guy and hes 1 crazy fucking rich and 2 crazy fucking smart i dont care im following everything he says
Kind of a hit and miss crowd with WSB today. People are nervous for tomorrow.
I would guarantee you that all the people flooding the front page with GME DD all are currently holding losing positions, wether it be short dated calls or stocks bought at the very top. Selling is a good idea.
If someone is pointing a gun at you, which possibility do you think more about: 

1. That the person pointing the gun at you is thinking about all the consequences that will be visited upon him—all the years in prison he’ll sit rotting—if he pulls the trigger? Or

2. That he’s pissed, desperate, and angry enough to pull the trigger?
Who knows bro, goodluck
8700 shares I  long here. No way this can't go up. 
until the entire state of California burns down next fall. I plan to sell this summer and then get back in next December.... For eternity
I'm glad I'm not shitting red. Don't want the futures to be red. On the other hand, advice is noted.
[deleted]
Yet. It will. There's no question.
Yes they are currently in Canada and expanding internationally. Some people believe that the legislative change that will allow uplisting will also allow large LPs to make entry into the US. . Further, they think that the cash the Canadian LPs have will be an advantage. Ability To enter will come down to the specifics of the legislation. 

As banks are able to service US operators they will have plenty of cash (some already do), and opportunities for huge equity investment (like constellation did in canopy) will arise.

In short, currently to clear benefit to Aphria IMO — but maybe in the future. I don’t see a clear case for investing in Aphria over the big MSOs which are sure to benefit
Ozon will touch 50 this week...Vladdy pump incoming
tbf he was early on the housing bubble too
And why did it drop?
Ruh roh
I need a dip to spend 15k
Brought back memories of FYRE fest documentary
Bill Ackman is sleazy, he’s a pr machine but look at his past performances. Chronically over promises and under delivers.
I member
That GOEV though.....I feel your pain.
> Now imagine it's 2027, and the first fleet of autonomous, electric smart cars hits the streets. Branding by Apple, sold by Hyundai, designed by GOEV, programmed and secured by BlackBerry.

So AAPL 2023 leaps at the farthest OTM strike?
Agreed. Jwn all day
I would have for sure paper handed coins on that dip
[removed]
cringe flair
...okay?
Many people from China speak English I’m pretty sure, but I also have no fucking clue what I’m talking about if we get down to brass tacks here.
Retard strength
It took 2 years for the housing market to crash
This past year in quarantine I've gotten very used to date night with myself involving scotch and my hand. Puts on anyone who has been single for all of the rona, no way we're finding anyone after.
Hentai Haven will accept us
Sell the news....
It's the gateway drug of programming. Most hobby devs start with python. In terms of issues, my big gripe is they split the language in half with 2.x and 3.x and the community has suffered a lot because of it. I also just want to give people a hard time.
PSTH..... not for me dawg
This is the way.
not steel
Lucky fuck.  My Feb calls never got fulfilled.  I think you will see 400% this week.
Markets tend to correct a couple of years after big stimulus, not *right* after. As long as the money printer is running and zero interest rates remain, the floor will continue to rise.. after we start clamping down on stimulus, then we'll begin to see the inevitable correction
Orange man bad 😢
Am also wondering if the market makers are asking themselves "what if Tesla is still at $800 in 2023, just how much theta will we collect?"....YUGE!
I don't think you get what the first amendment is
Jim Ross better be there for commentary
[deleted]
imagine being blamed for brown indonesian problems
I think we're safe tbh. We block bad words and we're responsive to people's concerns.

I've been playing around with an open source software solution but idk, moving from Reddit would be very tough. It'd really have to be some shit to get us to move.

It's not something that hasn't been planned for and thought/talked about tho. Don't worry.
Wasnt the previous comment threatening to ban your post instead?
ur retarded. its up like 10% last week. its gonna crash. sold all my shares on friday and bought $mt
Can't wait to autistically look at futures all night
Remember how he was wayyy too soon for the big short?
It’s 100% mooning, don’t worry. Many analysts just came out with 60+ PT’s. Like 110% it’s going up. So relax :)
not the same thing at all. A boston dynamics car will deal admirably with someone pushing it with a stick, but not so good at navigating a road junction in the rain methinks.
!RemindMe 22 hours
To the think the CCP gives a shit or even knows what r/wallstreetbets is astounding retarded, even for this sub.
Or have people fork it and make their own money making machine out of it by making folks pay for picks? I've been in this kind of situation before and want to avoid it. Would rather build a team of devs and create a product together that we can fund thanks to community contributions. But you can easily find open source code of that sort on Reddit already, if that's what you're looking for.
Same did you get an idea on the PT
This nick broadcast of the Saints bears game is atrocious
That's a hell of a subreddit to browse through. Tons of liberal hate, Anti-Hong Kong, Pro-China, Pro-Bashar al-Assad.


What a cesspool
Felt cute might sell some TSLA later.
Yes.
yessir
Good idea, did you upload your program on github or smth?
Where were they when it was 5 bucks? These analysts are full of it...oh almost forgot 🚀
Hey merci gäll! Bechunnsch es Ragetli. 🚀
Boeing are sacks of shit, hope they tank =)
Ill be watching and pulling for you.
[removed]
Absolutely, we will lose all our money on our own terms by being an autist, not because of any phony shill!
Wait, this is fake?
☹️
I've been riding on my 9c 1/22 for a while and it's like free money.
[deleted]
They are paying 2 bucks for every buck on a "unicorn' lol
No
Numbers can go up. Lol are you saying he wouldn't benefit from a partnership with a company with a much larger canopy size than he could dream of having? 

I assume you he can since they are supposedly scrambling to find growers to grow their strains for them. They can't keep up with demand. Their attempt to, to be honest, is laughable.
That battery to be made in 2022 is barely more efficient than Tesla's are right now - 621 miles to 150 kwh is 138 mpge. Tesla's is 402 miles to 100kwh, which is 135 mpge. 

But y'know, model s long range plus exists now. 

Tesla's new battery, the 4680, has 16% more range. Plug it into the model S, you get 466 miles range for 100 kwh, which is... 157 mpge. If they chose to put 150kwh of that in model S - which they could easily as 4680 is 5x the power - then the model S would have a range of 698 miles. 

So this Nio battery isnt actually better.
Easy
Everything crash Even Market Crash so Burry is not wrong
[deleted]
Funny. I posted the meat of the article and go downvoted lol.
I mean if futures gap up or gap down I would say that is a sign of things to come Monday.  That being said that .5% either direction won't matter to anyone but the autists here come open.
The price he paid for each contract.
Because?
ICLN🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
A Great Wall?
Why would everything topple when it literally reaches recovery?!
100 @22 and loaded 500 more @ 29
Imagine raising 20 billion dollars to sell bottom tier deli meats made fresh by your favorite minimum wage Indian immigrant 

🤡🤡🤡
Pershing Square sounds so good, I’m also not touching it but you’re crazy.
I'm expecting some up and down until a merger is confirmed. Since I haven't heard any news yet, I'm not convinced we're gonna hold 30, but I'm always hopeful
Trump winning on Jan 6th wasn't a possible outcome, though.
NIO 70 and ICLN 40 EOW Get wrecked dumb bears.  🌍🚀🌕🚀🌍🚀🌕🚀🌍🚀🌕
I mostly tell people I don’t give financial/investing advice since I don’t want to feel bad or have people be angry with me if they lose money
yea that's def hardest part for me, watching something moon after u get out cuz ya wanna lock in profits
Big difference between media censorship and censoring hate
This dude bought at 39 lol althou LT its prob going to 50 + this year
its like the lottery with worse odds
I am dumping 100% of my portfolio into IPOE/SoFi

See you all at 40!
[deleted]
[removed]
After this they come to me:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knc7u8/me_following_up_on_remindmes_i_dropped_on_tsla/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Leave
Pipe dream and you seem naive. 

Obama and Biden didn't do much for 8 years towards this.  Despite their slogan of 'Hope and Change.'   Establishment politicians (Biden's been around in politics for 47 years feeding off the taxpayer) are big talk to keep naive people like you voting for them, so they can keep the power and the comfortable life.

Even if they had no obstruction from the R's, I doubt they'd enact half of what is on your list.  But since it is a 50/50 split and there are moderate D's in there, a lot of these things are going to be tough sells to Congress.

Of course there are some establishment RINOs that might bend for favors.  But I'm not seeing a lot of this happening enough.   

Besides Biden barely knows who he is.  I doubt he stays in office the full term.  Actually, I suspect Pelosi will invoke the 25th amendment against Biden at some point and make Harris the new Sheriff in town.  Shes far more lefty, but I still don't think she's going to be able to pass much either.

But that depends on what they and big tech does and keeps doing to R's, it could cause more furor that could bite them in the keester in 2022 elections.
He said so months ago and it never did
Buying bread from a man in Brussels
He was six foot four and full of muscle
I said, "Do you speak-a my language?"
He just smiled and gave me a Vegemite sandwich
Whose buying PCG calls?
Dems had won the senate the day before the shit went down Jan 6
You’ll never know this but I love you...

>!just kidding fuck you!<
[removed]
could being the operative word
Give it like 2 hours - I imagine a 10% dip with all the bullshit journalism done Friday afternoon
Preach brutha!
I think I go long off the rip on ES.
Here's a free PRO GAMER move for all my fellow millennials out there that got ensnared early on into a life of student loan repayment much like myself. Name a millennial you know without student loans.. Go on, I'll wait.

Private loans will never be forgiven (booo). Uncle Biden wants to ease your federal student loan burden with 10k a person shot right in the arm (hype train). So anyway I realized the only way I was ever gonna be able to buy my own gangster ass crib was refinancing my private student loans. Enter SoFi. They basically hooked me up for life on a sweet ass fixed interest rate and after that I bought a sweet crib 2 years later.

I'm gonna YOLO my stimmy into IPOE --> SOFI. It's gonna be a beautiful symbiotic relationship where they just make me more and more money and I dump that fucking profit right back into their business thus creating MORE RETURNS and paying off my shitty student loans faster. It will be like a continuous tendie locomotive and I'll be in the fucking front row shoveling tenderz into the oven until we hit Flavortown were Guy Fieri slaps my ass and tells me brilliant job retard.
[removed]
I put $250 at 19 and sold at 14 (first couple weeks buying stocks, you legitimately can’t comprehend my level of beginner retardation). Contemplating throwing some grands at it while at 15 with the apple Hyundai buzz
PFE is fun to play but a terrible way to actually make a bunch of money.
#collusion!!!!!
So basically trying to catch up to NiO in that market? Cute
is this on github?
40%+ for the year. I wasted so much time being cash gang last year..
Uhh be like warren buffet and have them pay you to do the moves for them
A gasoline one
[deleted]
Chamath in his interview saying average household savings have increased sizeably during the pandemic. If we could just get this vaccine out and it works/ get over the virus. Could you imagine the spending boom. Concerts/ events vacations Roaring Twenties 2.0 but we will probably fuck it up.
So I guess the new stomping ground for Trumpanzees to fling their feces is going to be WSB, cool.

Have fun in your new echo chamber! :)
Using all my margin to buy shares at open
Send me DM I'll be glad to try and make profit aswell!!
Dude, move an hour away and buy a real nice car that makes that hour drive to visit family fun. You've won the game. Enjoy the post-game content.
He’s with Jack Ma now
[deleted]
All in on a single stonk and 💎🖐🏻might be the only way without options
Honestly I don't think he was a CCP shill.  I actually suspected he was just pretending to be Chinese, because some of what he said in chinese was very "Chinese Textbook" Chinese.
Not really. See you at the homeless shelter. Remember they will be closed on MLK day
Thanks for looking out!
I’m not saying it isn’t, I was only referencing why not q1. OP may have had something entirely different in mind
Stop pumping your shitty DD
See all these people saying go somewhere else? yeah that’s bc they don’t want you to win and neither do the wall street fat cats. what i want you to do is go on robinhood and buy a tsla 1/15 call whichever one is most expensive one you can buy. you’re welcome
Mate... this sub isn’t even in the top 10 of offensive subs. See below
This is realistic
It helps in the release Dopamine to calm that gamblers addiction
I quit smoking weed and feel way better, think I'm going to try to stop drinking- too many calories and always feel like shit afterwards
[removed]
Trevor is my idol. Man rolled a truck down a hill and made millions. Who is more innovative then that
[deleted]
Impressive
Fake news
if Burry says teslas crashing, then tesla is gonna crash. tesla puts babauyyy
SQ. That is all.
and why did i not buy nio on 11/1/21 when it was 70
if true, pass us some insider shit 

&#x200B;

dont be such a prude
V fast brotha
Um, dude, the preferred nomenclature is "environmentally-aware hotties", please!
Ban
[deleted]
Either gonna be Canoo partnership with Lyft (crane emoji/GPS point emoji) or Apple iCar.  Either or will be good news for Canoo.
I own 300 shares and I’m down 16% on those. I agree with every word here. Dumping all 300 at tomorrow’s open. Should have never trusted the smoothbrained DD here on that POS company.
Why
The best part is no part
1984
UUP calls
No porn companies are publicly traded, too much scrutiny. They don’t need autists to raise money. Mindgeek who own pornhub make billions a year without doing anything.
Nice I'm thinking the same thing. Hold shares through merger.  Get that money man.  Let's hope for a good week
I really do think everything is gonna topple when things get back to normal. I predict Sunmer
They're the ones who make those robots.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhND7Mvp3f4
Lol its alrdy pumped and hes tryin to pump the pump.
It’s actually eerie af if 30%+ of this sub was just hired shills from ccp and SoftBank lmao (I was paid $420.69 to post this to blend in 🤗)
This weekend has seen an increase of pump posts for various American stocks like TSLA, GME, and PLTR. I advise for anybody considering these positions to watch a documentary called "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room". I'm surprised that this documentary isn't talked about more often on this sub, but it lays out the reasons as to why investing in these companies is a bad idea. The documentary itself does take liberties to make things more dramatic than they seem, but at the end of the day it does bring up points to be considered when it comes to American stocks.

​

Take it or leave it, call me out, do whatever you want to do. But at the end of the day when you're holding the bag, you're going to wonder why you didn't at least consider this.
🤢🤢🤢
[deleted]
Coca-cola came out a few years after the invention of the light bulb.
Because the US doesn't have its own separate internet lmao
Whys that?
No kidding, not a good time to be in Chinese stocks, with a new laws they are putting forward it’s a straight up scamming of foreign investors.
Buy Palantir Shares(!!!) and dont look at your portfolio for at least 3 years. Dont come back to this place before you have done some research!
"Ur"?  I dont think I've ever even commented on a GME post.  You take my name out of your fucking mouth.  Not my cock, though - let that soak in there.
Wow. How fucking bored and retarded are you?
RIP bear
shiver me timbers
Why ?
That makes a lot of sense and it sounds good that they manage the battery lifecycle. I just hope the battery techs are operating in good faith and not throwing them out too soon.
Not sure how RH will handle warrants, I've heard so many different things about that on this sub. I haven't contacted them directly about it. I do use rh, but I own my psth shares on tda just in case
Let’s gooo, but we need to buy shares to make it happen. I buy both, and everyone should too.
30 mins til limit up
Dude, contrary to popular believe, spinach doesn't contain much iron at all. Turns out that was based on a comma-mistake in a study. But you know what actually contains a shit ton of iron? Red beet. I swear, I didn't make this up. You've been eating the wrong color for iron deficiency. :/
“Your friend” chose poorly.
Source?
TBH if more people just focused on that individually, we’d probably have a lot less problems than we currently have.
Not only did we come together in this time of need. We also discovered a [communist](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets_getting_infiltrated_by_ccp/) spy in our midst!  It’s been one hell of a week!
This was my nr 1 concern before as well. That's why I didnt go all until now. Reading all these articles about Cohen hating diversification and rejecting "good" opportunities because he only wants to take the best ones, wanting to go up against amazon and talking about the thrill of upending the status quo in an industry really drove me to believe he is in this ride 100%. He wont bail. Thats just my take on a bunch of articles with/by him though, but I feel safe in making the bet if thats the biggest risk to my investment.
Too much big money in it to let that hold though I think
You female? Iron deficiency is more rare in males
Alrdy pulled back from 39 lol
RE-inversed
Well... still, I sure hope so
They bleed a lot though
I’m really getting a gnawing desire to do FB puts.
Are you fucking kidding? My ICLN ARKG PLTR TSLA NIO calls are so fucked!!
In a few years you are going to ask yourself: “why didn’t I buy Tesla when it was at $800 back in early 2021?”
I imagine that if that scenario actually played out, the General would immediately call the VP and cabinet who would invoke the 25th amendment.
[deleted]
I see Elon skipping ipo and spac and just direct listing when it happens.
How quickly does this sub turn over for Christ’s  sake?
The ICLN boost was Dems winning the Senate *and* general bullishness from the PLUG deal
SRPT dropped 50 percent on Friday and Cathie bought close 845K shares by close. Do what you will with that information.
> Imagine a slick website where you can buy everything related to gaming: gaming PC parts, gaming collectibles, etc.

> As well as fast shipping with a whopping $0 delivery fee

You mean Amazon?

Right now the only value proposition I see in your post is... salesmen.
You can go into your option settings and enable it. They still will sell your option an hour before close so it’ll count as a day trade if you bought it that day.
at open or what
At least it something to look at
PLTR **and** GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Missspelled PSTH.
lmao
[deleted]
The thing is, if they raise interest rates again to combat inflation, stock market is going to take a hit lol Even Cathie Wood is warning that FED will most likely change policy within the year and we're going to see a correction.

FED keeps saying they're "expecting" to continue these policies through 2021 and even 2022. They're probably going change their policy whenever the economy looks to be recovering and inflation is starting to hit mainstreet. Will have to see how covid goes as that's one of the main drivers of deflation right now.
Not me. iM wAiTiNg FoR a DiP 🤓
I had 900 - 0$ lol
🤡🤡🤡

🤖🤖🤖
It hasn’t dipped more than 10% in the last 3 months or so. Dipped by almost 13% today
Yeah, TSLA and NIO are gonna moon so hard Monday lol. I have calls, so I’m happy, but at the same time I’m salty I didn’t buy more. This is prob the last chance for a significant jump. I think it’s slow and steady after this until a crash (if there is one).
I hope no one posts “this didn’t age well” tomorrow. 

With that said, I believe it will open at 902 tomorrow and then have a 10% day. 

##I have no DD, but just got the numbers form 90210.
The op got banned until they provided proof that they cleaned their bathroom. Was the funniest shit at the time
Take it how you will
Updated!
and what ticker if you don't mind
the latest social media hype is a tortilla trick. you think people are gonna eat sandwiches all a sudden?
We love you, you're very "special", but it's time to 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What a douchebag
Come to Argentina my dude. If you manage to get paid in dollars, you can live very well for 36k a year
Your confidence only fuels me fool
Yes. Why wouldn’t I?
I know the census here is that GME is "gOiNg To tHe MoOn" but if you unironically believe that you're retarded. GME has no solid fundamentals, their brick and motor locations are useless and their corporate culture is a fucking mess. Anyone who buys calls on this dog shit company deserves to lose their money. 

P.S. No I don't own shares of GME nor am I shorting it. The whole entire thing is a fucking cancer shoot.
Wow it would have paid!!!!
Tesla is searching for a design director in China, part of efforts to open a "full-function" studio in Shanghai or Beijing and design electric cars tailored to Chinese consumer tastes, according to three people with knowledge of the matter. 🚀
It all depends on how much 200K is to your net worth
Checked out the users account and he doesn’t seem so bad. He claims that he is getting a lot of racial attacks and I would not be surprised. I think this might come back and bite WSB.
"Good, he hasn't caught on yet"

- Average American Reddit User, who totally isn't two dogs wearing a trenchcoat, and I have no idea where you would have heard that I was.
RH 0dte only allows you to open positions before 12pm but Webull allows you to open 0dte before 2pm. You know the better one. Lol
Ikr, pretty much every sub has a thread with the mods circlejerking their views on the situation or politics in general. Glad that this sub is here so we can print some TNDI$ 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Will share that "shit" each week, sounds good ;)
Even ARK got $MGA last friday, I'm waiting the market open monday to get some aswell!!
I'M pretty sure you are in the right way! Have you heard about @rampcapitalLLC 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/ramp-capital-weekly-twitter-poll-beat-sp-500-in-2020-141624158.html

Let's surf this wave 🏄
Congrats. I used to own an F10 M5. The F90 is just much more sexier!
Yes, but I'm starting out with little and can afford to lose. So options is the way for me. Once/if I gain a substantial amount, ill do more shares.
Isnt aphria in canada? Why would us politics have an effect?
It's indentation rules.
What do you study?
Good lord that’s a Kodak situation. 2000% easy
1000
I’m told shares are the better play. Been loading up 9 at a time
Lol
Apparently yes. Got the notification a little bit ago and immediately activated it 🙃
Never had a Twitter and there are times I jump in to see what's going on and the comment threads are absolute cesspools of hatred, it's crazy.
**Futures don't matter in 30 min.**
But that was like...240 years ago or some shit wasn't it? How would that help?

Edit: yeh I just confirmed it was in 1783! ICLN must be a lagging indicator...
It bounces back literally every time in last 4 weeks
No options, just shares. Unless the company is an absolute flop I plan to hold through merger and collect 34 warrants
If you quit all these, what would you do with your abs?
Is that a court marshall?
>you retards and the mods

Why did you say the same word twice😎
You basically pay for the right to buy or sell a stock at a later date for a price you set up now.

A call is a "buying right" so to say. So if you buy that call for june 2021 with strike 797$ and the underlying (tesla stock) goes to lets say 1000 you could buy one share for 800 bucks and make 200 in profits this way ( well a little less than 200 since that call costs a few bucks). If it goes down to 500 bucks you will just not use your call, so you lose the money you spent to buy that call.

The opposite of that is called put, where you buy the right to sell a stock for a certain price.

It's a little more complicated than that but thats the basics. 
Hope that clears the basics up for you
No chance it's SpaceX.  A...Daddy Musk will not give up any control of his baby.  Now, Starlink, or even Neurolink may go public one day, but likely an IPO.
Share the GitHub and make this shit open source so other devs like me  can open prs and  contribute.
BYE TSLA
I like nexgen (nxe) been thinking about LEU
Disclaimer I am long in NXE
This must be satire, right?
I’ve been saying it since December. I’m done saying it now lol. If they haven’t learned by now, they never will. Only cheer posts from me from now on

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Are you Joshua Konstantinos from all those articles you referenced? Great write up by the way
[deleted]
350 at roughly the same average as you. Lots of feb and June calls too
AMD, because it is gold rush again and amd makes shovels.

Also, all the shovels seem to be sold out (my rx5700xt which i bought new 9 months ago was 500 eur, now it's like 700+ eur in used condition, 40% appreciation on hardware)
I would literally cry
Lol why the fuck would you buy Pfizer. Idiots
Do they though ?
The fact that this post got removed is hilarious
$RIOT calls. Been printing and will continue to print!
#Bill if you’re reading this, get SpaceX. Suck Elon’s cock if you have to. Just make it happen, captain.
Tell them you don’t know much about investing. Once people find out you have money or know how to make money they’re going to try to guilt you into making their life easier. “I hear Vanguard index funds are good but I don’t really know much about investing” is my line.
Just like at Hirojima, when Pearl Harbor bombed the Germans!

-big poppa pump-
Good. Wrote a bunch of puts
Does anyone know what companies usually say at this kind of conference? Their time slot is one of the best and it’s in tech category but are they just gonna get up there and spout more omnichannel stuff or will there be real news?
Yeah but the bubble has barely started getting inflated yet no where close to popping. You tesla bears have been wrong for years. How long until you see the light.
Pfizer? Retards
I also have 1500  shares of IPOF in addition to PSTH for double the winnings
70% of this sub doesn’t have $880
Give him a bat and see what he does with it
Like some of their earlier stuff.  Dookie was fantastic
I’m just impressed that you used then, you’re and than correctly.  

Confirmed, not smooth brained
good shit ! yeah forsure share that shit each week
[deleted]
Under 3200 was great. Might not get that again for a while though. I think it’s gonna open above.
Changed it. It’s 1/22 😂
GME shares! Can’t go tits up!
puts on nio it is.
[removed]
[deleted]
Based
The fucking roller coaster tweet wasn’t a sign? The guy practically screamed tendies from your mothers bed.....
To be fair the Republican way has been to ignore people and tell them to just get better.
Got out of GME on Friday. The boomer CEO is 100% gonna BTFO GME bulls at the conference tomorrow

Maybe I’ll buy back in on the dip to flip some easy cash though
This guy gets it!!!
What a garbage
[deleted]
I’ll say it one last time.... Buy TSLA
Every share you buy comes with 2/9 of a warrant, to be received once you hold through the merger, so for every 9 shares you buy you will receive two warrants post-merger. The warrants will have a strike price of $23, if I understand correctly
Yeah.. I’m missing something, I’ve always had this.
[deleted]
"No...I don't think I will"
You know that saying you only lose money if you sell doesn't apply here right? 🤡
Need a dip buying opportunity first though
Ban
[deleted]
You can't convince me that the market actually prices in things when ICLN got a boost after Jan 6 confirming Biden's nomination
Everything you just listed was a "disadvantage" for Chewy going up against Amazon as well. The truth is that specialized companies tend to do better than non-specialized companies. Yeah you can look everything up yourself and go to Amazon, but there is a reason there are tons of thriving computer specialist shops even though the big electronics shops should have the advantage of economies of scale and wider reach. Betting against specialization in any sector over the long term will almost never be a winning bet. The real question is if Cohen can guide Gamestop to pull it off before they get competition and before the sales of their current market operations decrease to the point where they wont have the funds to make the changes necessary to adapt their bussines.
Licking them lips for the tendies
I mean if you invest then you can manage it from everywhere. But for a business I really like businesses in which people will return back forever. My best advice is that you need a lot of motivation and in order to get the motivation, you need to be love what you're doing. Good luck
Ah, sorry. You’re right, didn’t really think about what you said. No it’s not tacky (in my opinion). Tacky either means cheap or bad taste. Lambos aren’t cheap and taste is subjective. 

Overall, tacky is a bad term to use for a lambo in my opinion. You either like and/or admire it, or you don’t, but you certainly don’t ever talk it down because it just screams jealousy.
Only the OG’s know what you’re referring to
i went to many of my friends about genomic salmon for months and they all said they would eat the product

i proceeded to make 200% gains (30k) and they didn’t get the fucking hint
Didn't the markets drop like 15% or so something 3 weeks before Battery day? Yeah it recovered a little bit before Battery day but not significantly
ah yes, somebody who is unironically autistic.
Thanks man, I plan to take advantage of this. 


Following
[deleted]
[removed]
See. This I understand.
“Got $600? Investors Are Buying Stock In Tesla, Nio And Pfizer With Stimulus Checks.” Benzinga
Step one. Leave this place amd never return. The rest of the steps should fall into place.
[removed]
There are very few pains sharper than the pain of selling the absolute bottom of a dip. Cost myself $2k today by being a paper handed bitch
I love footlongs too 👌🏽
Are you serious? The rocket ship already took off it went from 4 to 20, x5 price you're literally a deluded bag holder 😂 you're buying shares that cohen and bury are selling you lmao
Good points, I was thinking the run up angle myself. How big of a danger do you expect it to be? And how much do you concur with the statement below?
2 months almost
Depends if apha runs into earnings Thursday and if tlry follows. Dump the calls before earnings IMO unless they are way out.
they sound full retard so you should prob introduce them to this sub
Boys? What if there are girls here too? And you expect people to trust your comment?
[deleted]
I sold those. One of us isn’t gonna be happy come Friday.
So you agree it’s a bubble 🤣
[deleted]
I agree. He obviously has another level of info that i do not have access to or the time to assess. Im confused tho, i thought this conference was more of a big picture thing. Why are they announcing sales? This my first year trading so forgive my retard
Only one trade for a senator on the intel committee maybe. So become a politician, get on an Intel committee, then wait for your moment, then likely die of old age right before COVID 79 happens
Based. Man, I sure fucking hope so
[deleted]
Not funny (says they 37 year old). I know i don't belong here, but u butt plugs are pretty entertaining.
Good band...  The real question is, do we get “American Idiot” moon or “Basket Case” bear.
My man
136c 2/12 up 6% so far
Nigerian Prince here...can confirm.  Totally legal.  Totally legit.
You'd think so but ICLN gapped up overnight when Biden's nomination was confirmed on January 6th despite there being no legal way for Trump to beat him there

The market is retarded and will react to news like Paris because retail investors can't think more than 2 weeks in advance
Shouldi buy shares or calls?
Options aren’t allowed where you live? 

Here’s my DD: move.
Obviously mine 😬
Lessssgo. Are you just going to hold if it breaks lower?
[deleted]
[removed]
End with "but idk tho"
How fast would PSTH go to 500 if its spacex
By Tuesday comrade
My assumption was all short term based on acquisition date
[removed]
That it’s a guaranteed moneymaker in the long run with low premiums on options . It won’t shoot up 20% in a day but it’ll have steady gains. unless we go into full lockdown mode again, which I highly doubt we will
I hear that! It's how I started (multiples of 9) and rounded up to 100. And I've heard varying things about Robinhood, either that they just pay out the warrant or will actually let you convert. I'd rather convert if it's a good merger, but don't know what to expect with Robinhood, everybody's favorite broker.
"I don't have 30 days and 30 nights, to show you why all the hoochies say there's nothing finer than Scott Steiner, but all I need is one night to have your wife call me for the rest of her life, the big bad booty daddy, so this goes to all my freaks out there, Big Poppa Pump is your hook up, hollar if you hear me."
Unlikely. That dudes English was too good. Just some guy trolling I’m sure
That does not sound correct.  You should speak with an accountant.
1000c 1/22 lol 😂
Damn that’s a good one lol
Bruh, that's not what you were saying... you were saying resolution and MP had no relation...

Anyway... I never said it was a challenge to get 8MP or 12MP sensors... I don't think anyone is? Computing speed and sensor read time was always the bottle neck.

But IF in 2022 you can now with a more powerful processor increase the resolution of the cameras while maintaining the speed necessary to process the data, that would in theory be a better system.

I'm willing to bet Tesla will eventually increase camera resolution as and when they feel the software/hardware can process the sensor quick enough.

Elon Musk has a lot of broken promises about Teslas autonomous system. If everything he said came true we would of had robotaxis in 2020. I'm still skeptical if the hardware in Model 3 is able to reach L5 standards. Too many blind spots. Too many missed targets already.

I don't think Nio will be the ones to crack it either. 

It's why I don't really care for any manufactures self-driving software at the moment... I think we're at least a car cycle away for the hardware + software to come together and achieve it...
I did
No. Look at his latest 13-d it’s around $16 and this is something he is required to disclose owning that many shares
My wife’s boyfriend is a genius. He’s also my manager at Wendy’s
I’m that too
Create a business!!
She crazy in a good way
if NIO is doing well
Lol the IV crush though
hope it was a genius power play and u got paid 

cause if not
1000 EOD.
My moves are to scalp trade TSLA options and to sell lotto SPY puts to 🌈🐻’s
[removed]
Is your name Jack? Do you masturbate often?

*Also, 10% of americans over age 45 have a net worth above $1.35m.... https://dqydj.com/net-worth-by-age-calculator-united-states/
White Castle massively underrated
Fuck does this mean we should all get out of NIO?
It won’t be a 10bagger but it probably will be 120-170% take on it
ICLN $38C 1/15
also the amount of chinese shills in the downvote section. r/GenZedong comes like a moth to flame on any anti-ccp post. they will brigade with the usual threats: "OP is racist, umm Ackually you are wrong", "china good, US committ war crimes," "stupid US"

r/Genzedong and r/sino are the two worst subs on this site. (other than every front page one)
[removed]
70s
What do i do when friends ask me how to invest and stuff, and i tell em exactly what to buy and shit. But they still dont listen .... and then they buy highs and sell lows’s.... like literally not even joking. Leave em?
[removed]
Waiting for Market open so I can buy more TSLA
I’m thinking 65 maybe touch 70 with exuberance
Why ruin the flavor
https://i.imgur.com/2uS4JoI.jpg
Dead on. It makes it much more direct to just say it the way I did though
MT up 7.12% since 12/15. 

SCHN up 19.78% since 12/15.

Your choice.
People don't realize, in Asia western brands are valued as status symbols rather than for their utility. If you have the cash, splash for a foreign brand everytime. Only those who can't afford it go for the local knockoffs.
Ah yes. Soft core porn on an outdated media. Literally cannot go tits up
I sent a Nigerian prince 50k once and he is sending me 5 mil next year...cant wait gonna buy all the tesla calls
Why are they on dirty toilet 🤢
Don't you mean Jolteons?
Whose side are you on 😡
Try r/investing. This here is a casino, not a responsible use of limited funds.
45
Definitely too much to ask tbh
Jizz has tons of protein in it wtf
idk man, just the way it is
63c 1/15 and 75c 1/15 YOLO
You have any warrants or options?  I was late on warrants and got in 8.80
Fight me for it
Bears are you enjoying the GAPENING? More is yet to come my dear sweet stupid little 🌈 🐻
What are the chances that Chimpu is a high ranking CCP official?
Nothing. That’s how TSLA rolls.
[deleted]
Stroke means your brain doesn't get enough oxygen. One of the subcategories is a hemorrhagic stroke. If you get hit in the head, the blood vessels tear and you start bleeding into your brain. You can walk around for a while while your skull fills with blood then you die. This is what happened to Liam Neeson's wife (except she got hit in the head while skiing). [Here's a NSFL video of them murdering him.](https://www.tmz.com/2021/01/10/new-capitol-video-trump-mob-riot-beating-fallen-police-officer/)
I’m for sure buying in at a NIO dip. I’m uncertain if there will be one. But the premium NIO will be at open is not worth buying NIO at open. Unless NIO is going to pump like TSLA has been recently. That’s probably the only way it’s worth it. I’m just gonna sit out and watch. I’ll buy at dips if there are any
EOW? Lol tuesday my jigga.
If you start with 2 million
SUP RETARDS

IF YOU NOT SAYING NIO AND ICLN TO THE MOON THEN YOURE MORE RETARDED THAN YOUR WIFE’S BOYFRIEND
Jimmy Chill would never say that
Twtr puts are free money tomorrow.
I gave my little man nke, aapl and sbux at my cost basis. Then bought him some arkk, arkg, and icln..
[deleted]
Hahaha hon the fucking boyz
Yeah, it sucks, hope we are fine tomorrow :D
Explain
[removed]
I knew a few, gambling bastards lol
Tech gonna keep mooning
Non-CCP shills, price prediction for Nio this week?
[deleted]
Because hes rich af and uses a bidet
[removed]
I’m gonna buy some on open, my mate bought 3 months ago and is circa 97% in the green!
Testing

a word
Thank you Chief
Not with this spelling, you won't either.
Why the down votes I was making fun of them lol
And yet it was still the best DD we've ever seen here.
Check out Hyundai Genesis GV80 and you’ll understand.
whatever i can afford 1/15
[removed]
Thank you for your hard work and also please lay off the penis for a little and also please ban u/vacationlover1 he wants to ruin me
Buy the rumor
Seems like that would be priced in with the Biden victory back in November but I’ll gladly take another boost on an announcement
listen you smooth brained brainwashed piglet, not a single person (including your dumbass) has shown ANY TYPE of proof that hes a "shill". You are all so r/ConfidentlyWrong that its almost sad, if it wasnt so fucking funny. I defended nothing but the guy who GOT BANNED. If china scares you kids so much, dont invest in their companies.
Never forget:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ixpqyz/i_got_13_bagel_bites_today_instead_of_12/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Yeah but APHA holds 62% and is the boss.. Dunno. Hope my calls are fine tmrw
Still a chance for GOEV! Tune in Weds at CES:

[https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/roadshow-ces-2021-panel/](https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/roadshow-ces-2021-panel/)
Exactly what a bot would say...
Oh shit this sub is actually getting astroturfed

Imagine trying to manipulate the market on this place 🤡🤡🤡🤡
You should fuck off
They can’t even make the 35k car they promised 2 years ago
At least you did not add exercise.
How far OTM are you going? Thinking of selling a 1/15 42c
I just got a notification for it
[deleted]
You son of a bitch


I’m in
Serepta Therapeutics fell 50% the other day.
They can pass most of this through budget reconciliation and don't need 60 votes. They only need a simple majority.

That said, they could also nuke the filibuster, which there is precedence for.
I know. Just saying if it decided to go vertical next week. Lol.
Ha I’m yoloing $35c Feb 19 75 contracts
and Chamath is running circles around him
Shit i gotta check this out
Totally not a scam. Believe me.
Bulls are gay, stonks only go down
[removed]
I needs gains
He was consuming too much jizz
[removed]
They’re just looking for the covid vaccine.
Only half?
What kind of tesla is this?
After inauguration
Na, I prefer plain white ts
Tesla calls
I've made $ from CRM on put credit spreads after it tanked, but am out of all but 1 position now, this stock keeps bleeding and going lower, all though this looks like a potential for a bounce.

All in all, I wont be buying back in or selling put credit spreads on it until there is bullish confirmation, reminds me of baba's chart, constant bleeding but with the potential for a reversal
23.24 average here.
270s for feb and 300s for April
But I didn't. Does that mean I'll catch the new one too?!
Shit better 🚀 tomorrow I got child support to pay
Might not be a bad thing depending on what you're holding.
Right here BABA
Sounds like ptsd lol. Maybe you get ptsd after being burned by it
Sorry bears, no correction till at least after stimmy when joe hikes corporate taxes or something. Nothing happening till February
Tacky does not mean ugly.
Well said
It's not. They have battery swap stations instead of charge stations. You pull up with drained batteries and in 3 minutes they swap in fresh, charged batteries. They can still reuse your batteries once they're charged. The difference is NIO manages the lifecycle of the battery instead of the owner. They keep using batteries until the cycles are worn and it won't fully charge. Then they throw them out.
Disagree this is just the beginning
[deleted]
Lol
pltr
investment? >> r/investing
Should I sell my NIO shares then?
How could it not after a partnership with NVIDIA - I regret selling my calls
That’s what I was saying earlier. They’re going too hard tbh. We might actually see some backlash out of this.
The pandemic didnt make them richer. JPOW did. And they fucked the poor and middle class doing it.
[removed]
You have to remember the reputation they'd lose though. If they pull some shit like that publicly no one would ever invest in their shit again. It's not beneficial to them in the long run. They would have a short term pay day and then businesses would move to Vietnam and India and other countries.
Oh I’m sure NIO is getting a huge pump. But I think a lot of it will be premarket and I think NIO will open too high with too much premium to buy calls once the markets open. But if you’re like insanely ultra crazy bullish and think NIO is going to moon even harder than TSLA has recently, then I guess go for it
70c 2/19
Wait, now your judging the quality of other people's DD?!? and accusing them of pumping?!?? wtf is going on.
TD ameritrade has the Greeks for you in plain site and is only a couple cents to buy or sell an option.  Super cheep and efficient.  Couldn't imagine using a different brokerage.
Apple and hyoonday news is so lame
[deleted]
Missing AAPL and ICLN
Yup, same with Argo. Love both
They are essentially the same now since they are gonna do a merger later this year
I just sent $50 to cash app pays and they sent me back $500 instantly you should check em out
what time would you go in, at the first dip?
This forum is likely few of mankind that feel this.

Christmas? Boring! 👎🏼
New years? Fuk fireworks, open the markets!🖕🏼
Relax on a weekend? No thanks. ⏱️
Ban post screenshot
Nice
Ty. They are tiny openings. It’s weird. I hope I can still find love
I have tlry and nobody talking about it
Scat man...bedup bup
you haven’t met chinese nationals. they’re worse than wsb
The analysts are idiots. Tesla will sell insurance... to Tesla owners. Batteries will be licensed to whoever, but not the drivetrain. If they don't know what they're talking about - and they don't, they're trying to correct being wrong without any understanding - of course people are going to get freaked out. 

What's priced in is just Tesla producing more cars. Battery revenue and autopilot, the two huge bull cases, are not priced in. 

It'll easily go up from here. It may correct because people get all freaked out, but then earnings will drop, and profits will be record. Then FSD beta will be expanded. Model S Plaid will be released. Giga Berlin will complete. AI day will hit. Giga Texas will finish. Cybertruck will begin delivery. Then, I think FSD will reach lvl 4. This year. Next year, robotaxis. 

And that's just the crap we know about. 

I look forward to ARK Invest updating their model.
Pair it with the fried rice and crack an egg in it, yw
Its ok bby, as long as you're back i feel safe 🤭
You should buy in multiples of 9 to maximize the warrants
So recently we had a communist infiltrator here in [wallstreetbets](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets_getting_infiltrated_by_ccp/)  if I am disappeared it’s because of this post!  Lol
Man... The plate...
Some poor General is going to have to make the call to refuse a direct presidential order to nuke Tehran.
"I have nipples, Greg. Can u milk me?"
Oh I see. I will dig then !
I've learned buying at open is NEVER the best play
It doesnt even exist yet, you hydro-encephalitic man-baby.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
😂😂😂
What exactly?
Green Day?
SRPT $80 drop absolutely terrifying
I'm glad you guys caught on but you fell hook line and sinker.
Fuckin bigly mooning this week
I already shit on his moms chest thats probably why
[deleted]
The limit does not exist
Same
Check what??
[removed]
Do not invest in China.
$22.31
They did though, I just enabled it
Not touching PSTH. I just don’t like the name.
Could you ever see yourself becoming a multi-millionaire feasibly, realistically without options?
A true retard!
Mara was up over 20% every day last week. We only gonna be up 15% on monday
When’s the next June 11th/September 3rd shakedown? We’re about due for one of those.
If ur so confident why don’t you all in leaps instead of holding shares
first
Doctor said I have low amounts of iron in my blood. I ate a shit ton of spinach today. I was shitting green mass all day long. Confirmed futures green
NIO/Xpeng
I was down until you said gay sex
[removed]
It’s the only way he can regain his thrown. C’mon Lex Luther... I mean, Jeff Bezos!
only for level 4 &5 I belive, I'm level 3 and I still don't have access.
Hope it works out 🙏
Oh like you think it will hit something
[I don't think I have it backwards](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://m.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DH-Qsi_kSiNw&ved=2ahUKEwiZid6ts5LuAhWDslkKHQiRCmcQwqsBMAJ6BAgBEFw&usg=AOvVaw2xwpMAv3dM1XNKCc2hX4VS)
I swear
> gay sex

Wtf that's my highest source of cardio workouts I can't cut that
I wish it were propaganda. Unfortunately, there is no need for the CCP to interfere with r/GenZedong, because they already love the CCP as much as possible. This guy probably wasn't a shill, a more accurate term might be 'CCP Stan.'
[removed]
So the Chinese government are trying to infiltrate WSB? I'm not sure it's possible to reverse engineer autism.
Your not thinking big enough, 50 leggo 🚀🚀🚀
Long term
apple and porsche would be a good pairing for the i-car...considering how much they charge for there computers, then I can buy one used for a steal like I do there computers
looks like it did a reverse stock split
Noted. Please do the needful.
Gay
Unless you are Billy, no one has any idea on the target
It's all rumors, we'll be fine.
Lol when’s your exp and strike? I got 280c expiring mid Feb
Including that ASAP in next version. Thanks for suggestion :)
In Elon we trust. TSLA 🚀🚀🚀
im a gay bear then for being Salty about being down 8 bucks on my 2 shares
Could someone ELI5 why NIO isn’t a good company to invest in financially (I understand why politically)? I see some comments that it’s heavily pumped, but have heard people say a while ago it was a good investment. What went south with this company?
why are u back lmao
What TSLA news
Watch'a think about my calls tmw:

AMD  
NIO  
MSFT
🥖🥖🥖
no and yes
100% agree with that.
You innovate they steal. That's how China works man. You could spend millions or even billions on R&D and they would just copy it for cheaper, unfortunately thats the reason they are growing so fast. The US has Rolls Royse and they would come with a Joll Joyce for 30k lmao. Gucci? More like Lucci in China. They even copied the 3$ calculators. Casio? More like Gasio
The reason they have a profit is because they sell carbon credits. They also have way less volume than any other car company. Shit’s actually retarded this bubble will burst HARD
Eh, if you have the right partner, you will become a better person, and your life will improve.  Just gotta get the right one.  My wife has pointed some shit out to me that I simply didn’t see, and she was right.  Addressing those things just made my life so much better.
Originally was in at unit price around $21.50 for 1000 shares.. rode it to $25.50 and then sold. 

Got back in 10 contracts of $25c for March when it was trading around $25. Up a bunch on those and planning to hold
Buy it if it dips tomorrow
With how much ICLN is getting hyped on this subreddit im going to feel like a loser if it goes up a lot after I sell it
This is the time to buy Twitter, when there is such negative sentiment and everyone is on the other side of the boat. Position yourself on the opposite side of that boat to make some nice gains. 

The very fact that this thread that is debating Twitter is so long just goes to show you it is polarizing and commands people's attention...which makes it bullish for Twitter long term. 

Short term, the fact is that ad rates are going to rebound this year and Twitter is a top choice to ride that rebound as per JP Morgan's sentiment:

https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/twitter%3A-a-top-pick-for-2021-says-j.p.-morgan-2020-12-18

See you guys at Twitter $100 share this time next year.
26.80 here, 100 shares.
I’ve been saying this all damn year. We were so naive.
I ducking wish
When the dude does literally nothing but post on pro CCP subreddits it's safe to call them a China shill
Bros, no joke. I have lost 25 lbs and gotten my abs back in 3 months just from quitting;

Drinking, added sugars, fried foods, Netflix binging, gay sex, pizza, and soda. 

You should really try it
u/cashflow_ doesn’t wipe after taking a shit
What’s a good price action to buy AMZN calls before earnings run up?
Please be right. My money will love you. SPAC daddy won't do us dirty
[deleted]
That’s it, I’m in! 🚀🚀
gap up erryday. no red day for TSLA in 21
Thanks ryan doing good work
Nio pls 🚀
Roll into some February or March 140’s. Let earnings work in your favor brotha
Where’s my BABA gang?! 🌍🚀🌕🚀🌍🚀🌕🚀🌍🚀🌕
Ibkr have stock scanners that you can customise to do the same thing
Yea I got positions that are down bad lol
You still can, MT was not on that list.
I agree APH/TLRY may have a chance, but they are in a complex merger and could miss defining a strategy before the critical ramp up that’s coming. Won’t vouch for them til they articulate a US strategy.

There is no chance they will have the presence of the top MSOs within the next year and everyone lives on this sub a week at a time anyway
YOLO has a score of 30 buying calls!
All gay bears are fucked 🌈🐻
PGA just banned Mango's golf courses from ever holding any tournaments. I've never seen anything like this. Mango will go nuclear now. A man with nothing left to lose is dangerous.
Panicking over a 10% dip 🤡🤡🤡

MARA 🚀🚀🚀
Ship sailed for cheap and easy NIO calls. Prob best to wait a little bit and see if there’s a pullback. But if you have a lot of faith, then go for it
Well I already went balls deep in 1/15 $60 calls on Friday so that
Robinhood enabled 0DTE now?
Feels like I cheated but deal
Sell and buy at further expiry I’d say
15% pump tomorrow, guaranteed
Fuk em up chief
[removed]
PSTH targets are all failed brick and mortar while the initial hype was stripe and ABNB

lmao what the fuck
2 PSTH board members and Billy follow Elon or SpaceX on Twitter. No other notable overlapping followers. Starlink confirmed. This concludes my TEd talk
Going to be hilarious when they come to repo this idiots bmw.
There have been out the door lines just like not even during the pandemic. Mad popular, small store spaces in nyc.
Yea OP. At least tell us what FDs to get. We can’t decide for ourselves
I think that's wise.
Elon please send us a sign that you're watching over all of us and our calls
Get a cheaper one with same cost as the leap one and put away profit.
Source plox
Where is /u/deepfuckingvalue, I need deepfuckingvalue.
my hand is tir d from holding onto tesla and bngo
Are my TLRY calls fucked? Everyone writes about APHA, no Tilray here
Try pltr
Im hoping ICLN go crazy.
It’s like there was a split in the timeline over a damn gorilla
On one hand, you’re a fucking retard, on the other hand you’re a fucking retard
Been increasing my position in it since April of last year
[deleted]
What is yalls average cost on psth? I have 154 shares @ 23.63
Anyone eyeing any small or mid cap plays the next week or two? I mostly trade cyber security or general saas stocks.
Idk about that. I’m ultra bullish NIO, but I think buying at open is probably not the best play
Fuck guess im retarded, been a minute since I played it
RIP King.
I see it going up and down, down and up
[removed]
?
Duh...have fun in your 20-30's and then settle down
AAPLE earnings 27th after hours. 

pos 2/5 $140c and 12 shares
It was just a cnbc article repost
Honestly I dont know. Could go down on earnings report but on the other hand the floor seems to be around 17 dollars, dont think it will really drop below that almost no matter the news, and it could rocket 20% if the news are good. Personally I just liquidated my last 5k I hadnt already thrown into GME and Ill be buying 2.5k worth on monday before the conference and the other 2.5k on tuesday after the conference. Either way it will moon long term so profits both ways. Good luck!
I think they Partnered with intel. Got their designs (text from link 1):

Under the planned collaboration, Mobileye will provide NIO with the design of the self-driving system building on the Mobileye AV Series, a L4 AV kit comprised of the Mobileye EyeQ® system-on-chip, hardware, driving policy, safety software and mapping solution. NIO will take on the automotive-grade engineering, integration and mass-production of Mobileye’s system

Possibly reverse engineered those designs and "developed" their own.

Come out with their own ADAS system design using nVidia chips to process the information.

I'm thinking they fucked over Intel(mobileye) but I'm still researching this and reading more. 

NAD was released on january 9th, over the weekend. I'm curious to see what Intel will respond to this.
Is this the Tesla news we needed
What’s the plan for tomorrow?
Yep you belong here
Lmao you think mango🥭 who cries of his defeat on twitter is a bigger threat then the ccp who "magically dissapears" people? 🤡
If I can get banned for 35 days for shitting on America, he can get banned for trying to shill China
This
Vertically flat yes
too late. i'm balls deep.
congratz whale

to all the gay bears, write me some calls and pm them to me
What’s wrong with Python?
My favorite is when spy opens red and they come out of hiding but come afternoon we hit ATHs

I'm on that motherfucker, Go back in and chill them niggas out.
Dude had only one other post in his account history hardcore repping commie’s and a pro Mao sub. It was just too sus.
the top is in
What the fuck did you just make me watch
[deleted]
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I hope that when Sherman comes on, he yells *I'm the CEO now* and rips his face off. Then it turns out to be Ryan Cohen all along with a Sherman mask on, which he found under his car seat from last halloween. It's gonna be epic 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Problem is you’re using the word shill to describe someone just because you have some suspicions. You sound like someone living in peak McCarthyism. Simply suggesting you guys got it wrong makes him a shill too now? Maybe hes right, not like reddits ever been a very good detective in the past (wE diD iT rEdDiT!!). Plus its easy as fuck to make alt accounts so if he was a shill he’s likely already back posting so what was accomplished? Theres a big difference between someone supporting China and someone being paid by china to post things like that.
I was told bezos would never split his stock cuz he don't want the poors owning his company... only working for it.
GTA V you uncultured swine
Almost the best play of the year...almost.
Rolling an option is just sell to close and buy to open in one order.
Fuck all the little shitters saying MARA and RIOT holders are fucked tomorrow. 

MARA $40 EOW
Of course. Where do you think those stimulus cheques are going? Do you think I’m putting it to pay down my crushing student loans? Hell no, I’m getting high as shit.
🚀🚀🚀

$1bn rev and $4bn market cap
Where we are going, we dont need quality control.
dollar up yield rates up equity up
Ooo you no bueno
Bruh it's from GTA
[removed]
NIO and TSLA gap up on monday?
NIO calls at open
What positions are you taking?

I'm thinking about some 1\15 20c, just in case they get a good run up, and they're super cheap
Omg I forgot to add these how could I 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Still holding
Cool. Thanks for putting this together 👍
That was only a month ago??
I have a fuckton of ICLN $23 April calls I got in October. They’re up a lot and I still see ICLN going up more. Is it worth selling them at open and rebuying at a higher strike(regarding spread etc.) ?
[deleted]
I'm not even thinking of selling shares.  May sell a few warrants and play with house money if we get to 35
Well did that plane crash due to pilot error or because ba s planes are flying death traps
Hindsight’s a wonderful thing
It's already gonna

TSLA 1000C 1/15
https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/kulsf1/parler_ceo_says_service_dropped_by_every_vendor/gistrge/

Truest comment ive ever seen on reddit
I’m guessing he’s long puts..
FCEL and ICLN calls, everyday and all day!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Apple calls 136 1/22 how we feelin?
Do you now understand why most of us believe in your mom more than we do in TA?
i agree money is money unless nio do some real shady shit and we have some moral compass about how we get tendies
Nice, just dumped $21,000 last week into apple
the real conspiracy is that OP wants to have that juicy DD all for himself so no one else can get it, i'm onto you OP
if you think the Equus is nice take a look at a new Genesis
That’s how they justified banning the president from every platform LMAO. No censorship in America no sir.
>So your profile is up 80%, is losing it all going to be difficult?

>No actually, super easy, barely an inconvenience

>Oh really?

>Yeah you see I can buy these things called "Puts" and my portfolio will disintegrate overnight
I am intolerable. Allegedly.
Like about 99% of the DD?
I feel like having steak frites so bad. The thin steak w those thin fries and that bernaise sauce. Add 3-4 bourbon drinks. Whaat
Are you okay dude? Might wanna go to the hospital and get checked. You sound delusional
Thank god i got some spy puts late in friday just incase
Aphria and Tilray are merging and have good presence in the U.S same with Canopy. I currently don't own any weed stocks, but ACB is a shitbag company, poorly managed, it will go up but just a garbage firm.
I’ve only used it and Webull.  I find ET is more reliable and easy to use.  TBF, I started using ET over 10 years ago though.

I hear RH is total garbage.
Extremely bullish. Had the orange chicken and beef broccoli from there and both were straight fire.
I ordered some new airpods yesterday. So stop posting here and go make them for me
Never heard of them. Sounds interesting
[removed]
I just clogged up the wendys toulet -edp4454eva
You know capitalism won when the commies try and infiltrate a high stakes stock betting community to manipulate the stock prices of Chinese companies so individuals in the know to pump and dump, make a killing and flee to canada
All in on
Bears are usually chirpy on Sunday because it's their day off from the daily fuk.  According to sources, they normally spend a part of their Sunday to go to CVS to buy CVS-branded lube to get ready for the week ahead.
That's ok we still climbing what did you get in at?
So, a summary?
I’ll name two:

Dave & Buster’s
RETARDS UNITE!!!
Ackman just spotted with Harold & Kumar. 

PSTH announcing White Castle merger on Monday!
no positions, no sex
Did this sub start the year yee ass haircut meme or am I out of the loop? i swear I never saw anything about it until this comment, and now I've seen like three posts today with the same phrase 


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jx2zez/the_gayest_gay_bear_post_in_the_history_of_wsb_we/gctvahd?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
Didn’t see any in the post so refer to this comment as the TLDR:
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
How do i roll my ITM jan 2023 50 dollar nio leaps im retarded
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is the way
cashgang finally sniffed some mediocre gains while everything else in actual equity got 10%+ already this year

lmao what a cope
That’s what I’m doing. Lots of upside here.
Look at the OG lithium companies...SQM and ALB. Really solid performers.
> Does it happen everyday that we see a random ~~chinese~~ american* user with a perfect DD first post claiming how good ~~chinese~~ american* companies are?

is that what this sub is for? shitposting about the stock market, but when it's a foreign country, now people are treating this sub like a serious place?
Will they keep the Feds printers on?
Wow interesting. Tesla is actually going to open up futures down 6% 🤔
So they person is now commenting on r/aznidentity claiming were all brainwashed by American propaganda
Famous last words - “hear me out retards”
It's going to be ironic if WSB's logic ends up being the least dumb option for us to save ourselves from quasi indentured servitude.
I’m sure Liberator will make something for a flashlight mount.
Being single is greatest shit ever. Never again, all you do is waste money and lose yourself in the process
$200 plz
Bet i got puts so thank you !
Melt up next week
So perfect time to load up on weeklies 🤑🤑
Did you know that if you never give up, it is impossible for you to fail?
37% is the highest short-term capital gains tax rate. If this is all long term then it'd be 20%.
[removed]
F u Barrons 

What the Stock Market Needs Now Is a Good Correction https://www.barrons.com/articles/the-stock-market-had-a-fantastic-week-now-it-needs-to-drop-51610157835?st=pqmv94r8c5ssybl
> low understanding of social consequences.

He understands perfectly, he just doesn't care about fucking people over.
[removed]
[deleted]
Yup! Agree 100%. All the bears saying the USPS is the only catalyst it has are wrong. Especially once IKEA is done testing out their trucks
What
Yessss please my commons and warrants would love this
Loving all this confirmation bias confirmation on NIO and PSTH 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
if he didnt praise china then his social credit score would go down and he'd be sent to winnie pooh gulag, what do you want him to do. Some people, whether it's Indians, Americans, British, Chinese, basically any country that invests in nationalism propoganda, will be a fan of their country.
Don't know about appl but I have AAPL calls
Bill Ackman is here... we taking Zebra Stripe gum public
You probably don't. This guy can get banned because you can get banned for anything on WSB, and in this case it was because it was funny. Bans mean nothing here, but they do mean something on other subs, so it's probably best to just leave them alone.

If u/notaccpbot wants to keep posting to WSB he'll make another account and do it, just like everyone else.
I have no idea how senators are allowed to trade still, it's so clearly insider trading. They should only be allowed to have managed portfolios.
i love broads
Sold a 1/15 15p hoping it gets assigned
Buying MT calls and purchasing a shit ton of ether
I read this as penis enlargement
Already in.
Just go long, you can't fail
Is that roughly $2k wherever you trade?
understanding chinese culture is necessary if you want to make money there.

Look at FarFetch? Why did it moon? Because Chinese like luxury clothing not because of some ukpoors
Lol was waiting for that. Kudos to them. They're killing it in the gravity powered vehicle space
Why Barron’s always coming with them hit pieces?

What the Stock Market Needs Now Is a Good Correction https://www.barrons.com/articles/the-stock-market-had-a-fantastic-week-now-it-needs-to-drop-51610157835?st=pqmv94r8c5ssybl
Rule 4 dip getting eaten up pretty quick lol
[deleted]
Roll tide
i didn’t think there was something more annoying than pltr but somehow u idiots did it with psth

getting excited about cash holdings is peak cuck
Just visited cali, Frisco is insanely Tesla populated
Get a PRPL Harmony pillow
question. if my gain in 2020 is 50k, but then i lose 45k, so net gain is 5k, so will i be able to offset my loses? thanks.
I can't read, what's it say
Well I first mentioned WKHS back at about $5 a pop I think so I wouldn’t say I’ve been “wrong” but there’s been so many more developments since then that this USPS decision is the only real thing we’re waiting on.
I'm guessing TSLA will trade pretty flat tomorrow.

The overall momentum will be broken by the weekend.  Some will still FOMO in. Some will take profits.
i'm not that informed about the whole riot, but apparently the crowd actually beat the police office to death, i thought he only got shot. what a way to go, scary to think about
Thought there’s be a list of SPACs and his returns. All I see is a car he probably leased worth more than his gains
Watch Yellowstone on Prime. It’s like the 2020 stock market...
Ban
Waiting for a dip. We got a few months, no need to fomo.
Agree, I am doubling down on RUN and SPWR
Wait what indicator is telling you this? Cause it sounds dumb
Nah, it's going to keep moving up
And it'll happen tomorrow because?
[deleted]
Validate my ticker
The model shite
[deleted]
Yo... 😭😭😭😭
🤣🤣🤣🤣
"Oh you called the Wolf? Shiit negro, that's all you had to say."
The frozen butter chicken meal is fucking delicious and is only about 250 calories 💃
U need a Meryll lynch account to get their equity research reports but ull hear about it tomorrow in public news 🤗
PSTH + trader joes
[deleted]
I think you spelt PSTH wrong
you had thursday to get out. i think this ones on you
Stop spreading this false information right now
Anyone else excited about BB this week?
Oh boy, here I go starting another conspiracy theory again, 😂, the show goes on.
Bye felicia
It’s not going to be something stupid like that. Even if it does happen to be Subway Ackman is going to get a good deal with the decreased revenues of the last year and will turn it around like he has before with restaurant companies. When the global economy goes back to normal the revenues will go up and higher than before and anyone that held through the merger and beyond is going to be rewarded well. Paper hands can fuck right off, I’ll buy the shares thank you.
Do I trust the USPS or any government entity to be efficient or stick to time frames? No, but with the election out of the way and a vaccine out I don’t think they can keep using Covid as an excuse. Definitely a casino risk tho
[removed]
Just want to stay within community rules but if you dig, you'll find them :)
lmfao, carfucker is worried others will find out but he goes on TV. His smokin hot roomie ain’t puttin out, splains errthang
Why
That’s not surprising. Used to be relatively long lines before covid too.
I love you guys. May tomorrow rain tendies on all of you.
NKLA
Hand still hurts from punching that helmet
I’ve honestly so many new Tesla’s around me recently. I’m 97% sure they were paid for by TSLA and 67% sure the drivers hang around here.
I don't care where the weed comes from, if it's good I want it. 

Also, the CA players I spoke about already have agreements to aquire US players. What makes you think CRON (who is sitting on over 1b cash) won't make some brand purchases as a part of their path into marijuana leaglization? They could drop Berner 50m cash and some stock and now Marlboro owns Cookies. Lmao. 

Also, weed maps won't get the repeat sales. Once they drive a customer to a store, that store will then most likely sign them up for a loyalty program and bringing them into their own online infrastructure, cutting out Weedmaps more and more by the day.
[deleted]
Doesn't feel bullish tbh
Mango is a lame duck president. but the Democrats have absolutely no plan whatsoever now that they have all three houses. And have to make s*** up. We are going to be all blue for 2 years. Let the fun begin.
M I N E
airtags and apple glass
This is the way
Tesla had NVIDIA and dumped them due to inferior tech sooooooooo.. no.
psth - the only place i am gonna keep my money >!when it goes back to 22-23 after all the stripe-hypers leave!<
Thanks for the write-up. People don't realize how good folks had it when they could lock in a 15% dividend-like return (!!!!!) on 30 year treasuries in the 1980s. That's Uncle Sam *guaranteeing* you an annual return like SPY during its best bull year. If I had that guarantee now, I'd basically yolo my money into that.
Day 9

Since Model Y release in China. And places remain packed. Orders rocketing.

TSLA to the 🌝 

https://twitter.com/ray4tesla/status/1348062263408693253?s=20
Is it somewhat common to see males with multiple urethral openings? Is that a mild/alternate form of hypospadias or something?
What do we think happens to GOEV this week? I'm tempted to pick up a hundred or so contracts for next to nothing, just in case they bounce
Boston Dynamics is pretty cool. Throw in AI and Skynet will be just around the corner.
Bruh peewee league could have caught that
Dow doesn't mean shit and if we dip its not due to impeachment, Trump was already on the way out
Someone giving awards for PSTH comments? Please reveal yourself you generous wsber...also do you know some inside info that we don't thats making you give these awards? do share in this public forum!
Anyone looking into $FDX? Broadening formation here. Potential run up from upcoming e-commerce and UPS earnings. Check the 1h, 4h, 1d, 1wk charts. All indicate a broadening formation.
I think it’s because the event was turned into a giant media circus
Baba finna fly to Jack Ma's home planet 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Can you loan me 48k so I can exercise my options?
Because it didn't contain any new info
Please 

Yoloed 300 bucks on PSTH 35C for 0.3 each
i was at a poker table once where a man collapsed.  The game paused for a few mins...then kept going while paramedics were working on the guy.  Money gotta make money
Lol yeah the wheel didn’t create profit. The car didn’t create profit . 😂
 TSLA will lose over $100 tomorrow alone.
Python, ban.
TLDR what should my msos calls be
The social upheaval is already here.
Still, gaming is a billion dollar operation. I believe there's a lot of money to be made in this sector. But they are going to need to introduce us to something revolutionary.

A website which checks compatible parts, maybe digital reselling but I don't think that's possible, pc upgrade plans.l?, 2nd hand reselling parts which are checked for working decently, a big move into eSports ( paying to enter and getting money when you win, much like poker), ...

I just don't know. 
At the moment we don't know anything but if RC sells his stock, he is going to make a profit anyway. He bought in low. 

He may be pumping the price to take profit..

Just my take
I still have PTSD from my arse raping on SLV calls Friday. I’m not sure I’m ready for a Monday reaming 🙏🏻
Chicken or the egg
Both of them also I think about youtube
Hear me out. Tesla bears keep making excuses about how it’s ready to tank because they can’t afford Tesla calls, and/or are jealous they missed out on the easy gains. It feels better to think you don’t want it, than to think you can’t afford it.

Here’s to the TSLA bulls with big ⚽️ ⚽️

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Oh, and congrats NIO call holders! Looking forward to seeing your gains tomorrow!
IPOE SoFi gang. Who's buying in on monday?
well, they talk. don't we all?
After getting severely burned on BABA calls after being up 130% and finishing down 40 I rage sold everything and went all in on WKHS calls to accompany my shares.
It’s 6am in china now, go back to work
Doc Johnson
There are like 200k protests in China a year, it’s not an alien land when people get upset they protest https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protest_and_dissent_in_China
[deleted]
It’s an ATM. You put a little  money in and it prints it right back x 10
I’m making pizza tonight 🥳
Totino's gang about to make fucking bank this week
Bro, you spew GME hate on every thread, whether the thread is about GME or not.  You're so down on GME I'm starting to think this is George Sherman's account.
**\~\~YOU HAVE AWOKEN THE GAINS GOBLIN\~\~**   
**\~\~THE GAINS GOBLIN WILL NOW CONSUME YOUR GAINS FOR 48 HOURS TILL HE HAS BEEN SATISFIED\~\~\~**
A pop is due. I think NVDA is a less risky play on a flat stock
Confirmed Ackman is on the sub
I sold DDD shares and bought puts in December. I hate myself
ICLN AND ARKG
How we feeling about appl?
NIO x NVIDIA
I hope she has a brilliant day!
I've absolutely never seen somebody on this subreddit give a clear example of all four advanced option playes with actual trades
why not actually get high
😂😂 thanks brotha
It's crazy to think about 10x inflation but you're probably not too far off over that time line. Really puts into perspective the importance of investing.
GO EV
Lol innovation doesn’t create profit you idiot
This
I don't personally like buying chinese stocks cos it's like supporting soviet russia in cold war. but wtf i thought this place was about making money, why did mods delete that nio dd which arguably was better than 90% of the garbage pasted as dd here
Yea that's what I was hoping. Thanks!
This is a lowkey good play, but I would do a debit spread
And that's one of the survivors that did well. Many are gone, and some that are still around still aren't back to those prices.
My guy you posted on a sub that has a flair on it that literally says "America must go". I also got insta-banned for questioning someone for saying the Chinese government is an inherent force of good lmao. There is no racism here, just people making that assumption about you based on the sub you posted on initially.
Definitely won’t
Funny, I heard they hit him in the head with a fire extinguisher. I wonder how we all heard it differently.
$BUG
[removed]
He belongs in WSB
Those four points you listed are not definitive indications that we have a spy in our midst. So, I have to ask, is it just because the poster is Chinese?

If you were considering trading NIO, wouldn't it be helpful to know how a Chinese person in China feels about Nio, a Chinese ev company operating in China? Is that not tolerable to share? I would think that could be helpful context.

There are 1.4 billion people in China and not everyone is a CCP member (est. 91 mil per wiki), and the number of CCP spies is probably a fraction of its members. The entire country is not a monolithic block of thought.

Talking about he didn't give an original analysis and copied it off YouTube. Give me a fucking break, this isn't Investors Business Daily. We all know very well this entire subreddit is a circle jerk of yolo calls, rumors, and loss porn. So again, what specifically about the user's post is a bannable offense?

Anyhow, now that you've saved the day, we can all go back to legitimate fundamentals of rocket emoji counting and technical meme analysis. Don't forget to DD. Who's willing to share their favorite letters for me to double-down on?
I have 1.3k in calls for the weekly I scooped up on friday from the rumors... Making my pee pee boing rn
short interest was at 104% now at 98%  not much of a squeeze.  If a squeeze comes I think it will be more dramatic - not a slow unwinding
Keep dreaming
[deleted]
Bears children sold into slavery
[deleted]
Thanks! We will hope y’all have a great day too ! Just enjoying some cold stone Oreo ice cream cake 🎂
MT VALE and CLF you retard
So I can make tendies?!
NIO
Easy.  Sell a covered call for 10% above current stock price.  If it gets called away, be happy with your gain.
It’s the bees pajamas bro 😎
Yeah. Why? Is there an announcement scheduled??   Do we have any idea who they're merging with yet???
Can futes just open I need to feel my market high
Lol look at this McCarthy tool.
Dread it, run from it, destiny comes all the same.
yeah exclusively for drugs tho.
It's not like tsla is going away so your calls are safe
Party never stops retard
Look at the earnings data. It’s about branding and extracts. You can make shitty alcohol at home too but the science and branding of cannabis is just accelerating now. 

Look at Twitter, there is a ton of brand loyalty to specific companies and brands
WTF the line to Trade joes is like 20 blocks long in NYC

https://twitter.com/tomgara/status/1348371468363714562/photo/1
PSTH GOING TO FUCKING 100 EOW BITCHES STRIPE IT 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Im not selling until i get 10x back
[removed]
[deleted]
SPY’s gonna go up or down or maybe stay the same.
All liberalism is great man theory in a trench coat.
Que? Sauce?
A true retards retard.

 Thanks for sharing all that data man
Pray for Powell's printer to not turn on tomorrow. 

If printer turns on : *BRRRRRRRRRRRR*

OP: *FUCKED*
So bad
Dropping in heavy on lithium mining this week. Already in LAC and C Y D V F. Adding Spearmint and Nio Lithium
wow 0.0 /s
Name one company that is even close to Tesla in terms of creativity and innovation.
When is the 🍉 secretly going to give out gold here again?
I see this kind of comment and am generally sympathetic to the sentiment but remember what you're really saying. You can do well enough working with your hands, sorry you don't get a white collar. Sky isn't the limit, it is how long can you stave off arthritis and work in the sun. 
Enjoy checking your hvac gauges for the next 20 years.
[deleted]
Why was he banned?  Was it proven that he’s a shill?
Pigs getting slaughtered Monday, and no doubt that includes the majority of those posting here on WSB. It's time we get back to reality boys, the party is about over.
Where's the purple king with his millions from psth
His mother denying he is her child at this moment.
Congrats and fuck you....wait does that apply here
Now you're getting it!
Wait for the sell off that’ll happen in the morning to end
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-pornhub-payments/mastercard-to-investigate-allegations-against-pornhub-idUSKBN28G0KH
Just the CCP members who infiltrated the sub.
You spelled tsla wrong
Nio pls 🚀
Norton antivirus
It only goes down when the last bear dies
How tf did he drop that
🥭 gone now, bot. Now the CCP is the biggest threat
He’s just some chinese kid and wsb is freaking the fuck out lmfao smh
Huge
Oh that’s fancy!
I hear this over and over, but the wages just aren't showing that people are needed that desperately. As a trades guy myself, skilled trade jobs are going to have to start competing with college level incomes consistently, and out perform them on things like medical insurance because the well paying jobs tend to be more hazardous.
What is the current market rate for a 🤚job behind a wendys?

Seems people are a bit too optimistic on GME but I hope I'm wrong
[removed]
~~I love this guy~~ I love this, guy!
(Which is made all the better because we're inundated with europoors and people who trade in dolariedoos. Turns out greed is universal, lol)
So NIO partnering with both Nvidia and Intel? For different things?
[deleted]
didn’t know ackman controls V and MA
Absolutely based, retard.
I don’t believe it’s 100% (99% sure) but Even if it is, based on Biden’s rhetoric about American made during his campaign and his recent comments I don’t see a foreign company especially a Turkish one getting it.
sure but then why not Q3 or Q4 this year? just asking
Don’t miss a second.
pfft it's going up 10% a day 20% is nothing
Rgr. Will follow. Need to sell some calls I'm holding but if I can get it close to $4.65 midway through the week then I might give it a go.
Maybe it's our purple king
Fookin prawns
We don't think shame here. Just admit you like talking sex to men
Interesting.. thanks for the insight
[deleted]
ICLN PSTH NIO 
and GOEV 1/15 20c if you're feeling crazy
THAT WIMS DROP WHAT IS YOU DOIN BABYYY
Always a rough feeling when u realize you're behind on threads 😤
He made a public statement. I believe via Twitter
I just can’t wait for people to FOMO into ICLN at open tomorrow
Thank you, it really does !
Buy high sell low, I like your style 😎
[removed]
Probably their broker will handle the payment but if they wind up having to do it themself for whatever reason I would guess via wire transfer.
Mods need to delete the negative shit you spread. Go do some DD
Confirmed bears r fuk
RUN 100 tomorrow, maybe?
Yea I mean if you look at FCEL and PLUG they mooned in the 90s due to fuel cells being revolutionary tech but shortly died afterward and plateauing for over 20 years. They haven’t fundamentally changed at all other than more subsidies now.
[removed]
2k is enough for a gun
why?
Don’t forget wsb mods are autists too
Bears have everything in their hands for a split second and they just drop the bag like they always do
Bro read the DD and buy it. This is at or near ground level.
DKNG to the moon
Oh we have retard boomer here!

Look from Google or just from reddit. Plenty of DD done
It probably won’t be tbh. The week after will be though.
I don't see how a cannabis company can be profitable given that this is basically a crop. No one has brand loyalty with weed.
Buying a bunch of june calls and off loading them end of week.
You work for the insurance company?
Have you heard of tsla? It’s gonna blow up. Not well known
IG weekend looking like 💩. This impeachment junk isn’t good for markets
That’s what I took it to mean.... shorts are gonna try to use earnings to drop the price as much as possible
RIP that bears receiver lol
Nice.  Which calls are you buying?  I'm trying to decide.
Agree
watch psth be aunti ann pretzel lmaooo 🤣

all this hype for some 1990 mall snack 😂
Holy fuck. You got a moon!
I hope something is up and I also hope we find out tomorrow.
Very cool, but now I want to see the other results and a link to the full program :)
[deleted]
Good for pmcc bad for all my calls
[deleted]
Nice! Which language are you programming with? Are you focused mostly on Reddit or Twitter as well?
It started at 20 and it’s at 30.30
Rod is not god and cc data is not the whole picture. He knows this. You must know this too.
That's Michael Burry trying to make his money back
Pltr over net ?
Shit boys I was still in the wrong thread for a bit
Will do ! 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Ack Man is that you?
I think it looks neat...except the front is too small and looks a bit weird
[TSLA strikes back on NIO day](https://twitter.com/firstsquawk/status/1348391716051505152?s=21)
After 3 years your have to toss it cause the updates made it slow
[deleted]
Of course buddy happy to help
Gottemmmmmmm
ACB irrelevant to this convo, Canadian tickers may get boost by proxy. The real money will be made in US tickers
[removed]
That's an amazing turnaround when you think about it. For a while this was just the GME sub.
Yeah but announcement is on Thursday and it’s ‘guaranteed’ to get passed.
Stocks to buy?
[deleted]
I brought Feb26 $7 calls and they have gone up 87%. Also picked up a few shares which are up 10%. 

Thank you
I'm yoloing into NIO tomorrow morning. Fuck it
#FUUUUUUUTUUUUUUURRRRESSSSSS
PSTH 

Proudly Sniffing The Hemp
Wholesome :). Hope your family has a great rest of the day
So, we're all going short on NIO then right?
I mean... GME and PLTR hype aren’t pumps? All DD, youtube videos on stock are done by people with vested interest in one direction or another. Stock moe doesn’t make NIO pump videos because he’s on the sidelines cheering it on. He’s making them to build hype for his already massive position.

Are you making this b/c you’re shorting NIO?
Fucking tin-foil hat idiots you autist.
Godspeed
No such ticker, ban
These will print
With all this PSTH shilling I'll certainly sell tomorrow.
Mods not so gay after all
yup
Apple car's a kia?
Danm right. I am a capitalist, but I got these puts and the gang is taking em to heaven!
Even if you didn’t think the dems would sweep that was the bullish hedge 

That shit is gonna be the gift that keeps on giving
Yes
damn that's sexy as fuck

looks 100x better than nio's and VW's id-series
Pug Rull tomorrow
“Management positions”
I'm a simple man, I see a bear I mock. Green day, week, month, year incoming
We have at least one more week of bank I think
how do you know when market is closed? is there any way to check?
Its on publicfreakout
No matter what anyone says, lamborghinis are obviously very nice. There’s a reason they cost that much, there’s a reason they are the “go to” car of choice when talking about being rich or getting girls attentions. It might not be everyone’s style, but anyone to say they’re ugly are just jealous people trying to make themselves feel better because they know it’s not realistic to ever own one. So psychologically it feels better to think you don’t want one, instead of can’t have one.
Not up 40%? It's about 50% above NAV before any news. Learn to do math
advice for someone whos broken and finds it hard to sell things

everyting i buy i end up holding permanently

help
s p r e a d s friendo
AAPL and DM 
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸
Ah. Didn’t think that was actually gonna happen until we had a sworn in blue senate and buyden in the WH
Thank you 🙏🏻💰
I mean there are others but they aren’t as involved in incident response. Netskope and Zscaler are ok but a bit behind the curve as they are CASBs that are difficult to install. Cloudflare is an ok play, too. But the two I listed above have the most growth potential imho
What’s this nio everyone is talking about
Again. Do I need to repeat? "Short Squeeze"
It will be
[deleted]
Show your puts
uggh some game theory crap. too hard. TSLA to $1000
Going to be a dramatic week
Pce
I think people are right. It either skyrockets or corrects Monday. What’s your strike and expiry?
You need an avocado flair
Hedges. Heard of them?
Stocks like these I don’t roll interest into. It’s kind of a personal thing - the numbers dont necessarily reflect anything other than me limiting both risks and rewards. I just feel better rolling interest into undervalued stocks and letting a principle sit in big guys and shave off profits.
It will be though.
didn’t know ackman controls V and MA
I thought they went bankrupt
1.5 sustainable houses, bro I might be able to afford half a house before I die.
He’s not going to split it. - friends who actually work at amazon in management positions.
[deleted]
Theres so many sour grapes on this sub lately.  Jesus just chill tf out lol. It's just paper
The god damn audacity.

Lets short NIO now.
There’s obv fuckery afoot. It’ll probably work too.
Rule on FDIC insured money is that it will be re payed within 3 generations. Look it up, autist.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/NickShininger|[SHIFT to the mooooon 😅🚀](https://redd.it/kun21r)
/u/ReplyHappy|[Bilibili to the moon?](https://redd.it/kun2hb)
/u/davidpema|[What’s the probability of a Monday sell off tomorrow 01/11?](https://redd.it/kun9ro)
/u/rkm13c|[For all you TSLA winners](https://redd.it/kuncmr)
/u/pizzasuprema|[2400% from NIO, PLTR. Now balls deep into Steel.](https://redd.it/kunfue)
/u/Aplz247|[Brokers](https://redd.it/kunkv5)
/u/AmbitiousSkirt2|[GOEV](https://redd.it/kunsxx)
/u/StocksNorway|[TESLA, Call or Puts?](https://redd.it/kuntgh)
/u/Noah_valdez5|[The 🚀 has just started for ENPH](https://redd.it/kuo4k5)
/u/jronnan1|[Thoughts on TRIP? Up 11% Friday. Seems over bought considering covid right now.](https://redd.it/kuocij)
Virgins r not fuk by definition
Epic software is horrible. I know lots of doctors and they all hate it.
Please
Fcel price prediction?
Everyone simpin' on PSTH. Cool
Lmao why do u hate yourself 🤣🤔🤡
Good luck and stay safe :)
It's too low. Honestly it's a $60 stock.
[removed]
I need to get outta my 1/15s and reroll lol
The PH flack is actually coming from Bill “Tontine Dream” Ackman.

PSTH OnlyFans acquisition confirmed
[removed]
Dude, I'd use that shit religiously.

I don't own a Tesla specifically because I don't want to have to wait 45 goddamn minutes to recharge the car every 250 miles, instead of refueling my truck every 500 miles in seven minutes flat.

I take road trips a lot, man. 45 minutes is too long. But if you can just slam another battery pack and keep rolling?

Fuck yes, man, I'd be all over that shit.
Huh
Grandpa Joe gonna order them busses! ⚡EV
Multitrillion dollar stimmy with a blue government. Can’t go tits up
Tomorrow was going to be red but just because you said that it’s gonna be green dildos
Prob the guy who posted dd here about it a month or so ago
Thanks for the encouraging words. I've made most of my gains this year based on picks I was able to find early thanks to Reddit. I'm now trying to make the stocks spotting process more autonomous and accurate with this program so I can spend less time scanning all those subs myself 😁
Mods need to delete all the GME post. People need to quit trying to pump that turd stock for real.
How many dividends have VIEs paid to Americans?
BABA turned him away so he had no choice
Same here, but they are both cloud and cyber security
Monday AH
I'm excited for up! I'm not excited for down.

I unfortunately think it will be down.

Inverse thesis therefore says it will be up!
I wish
If you want huge trendy gains from subway IPO fucking buy psth
**BB** makes my **BB** go hard
Step in right direction.
Appreciate it 🙏🏻 she’s already learning multiplication 🧠
Hyundai/APPL?
🧠🧠🧠
Good one! Wait... are you being serious? Let me laugh even harder.
Been to many actually (Bears, oooof).  Love them, but I miss so much of the game cuz I’m fucked up, talking to people, just doing whatever.  If you actually wanna watch the game, TV gives you a better experience, you can’t argue with that.
It’s weird that your old because I thought retards had a low life expectancy
The Nickelodeon broadcast of Bears-Saints is ELECTRIC
Sadly they will always be losing long term.  If you always steal your technology you have no idea how to innovate something better.  You become an entire culture of zero innovation.  No pipelines for fostering anything technological.  Its a losing position.  

Arguably this is great for countries like the USA.
Steel is old, Rearden Metal is the next big play
[deleted]
At least OP was rich before and this isn't on margin.
that is why invest in the deflationary currency (Orangecoins)
It just reminds me of the post for “how to spot a pump and dump” format so it might contain more accurate information than a bad photoshop meme, the source of the information seems shady.
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>Looking at the situation broadly, as a generation, millennials have had three major problems:

>• Education is now incredibly expensive.

More expensive yes, incredibly expensive no. What we do have are unchecked opportunities to take on exceptionally large amounts of debt for schooling, which inflates the mean value. This explains why the median amount of student debt upon graduation (~$17k) is almost half the mean amount (~$32k). The trend outpaces inflation, but by a much more reasonable amount when you use median rather than mean.

Additionally, more universities are engaging in price discrimination by using income data from the FAFSA to allocate need based aid more efficiently. That means tuition is set to be affordable at any income bracket, but the sticker price is always that of the top income  class, so a lot of comparisons don't work.

All in all, the median undergraduate degree at the median cost still has a positive ROI with regards to the increase in expected earnings one receives.

> • Housing costs in particular have surged well over the inflation rate.

Definitely your most salient point, however it should be noted that a lot of the inflation comes from poorly targeted government subsidies, namely the [mortgage interest deduction.](https://www.jec.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/republicans/2020/5/priced-out-why-federal-tax-deductions-miss-the-mark-on-family-affordability) This is similar in effect to what I described with tuition, but worse. The mortgage interest deduction has the effect of increasing home prices by providing support *for those who one homes and/or have access to credit.* Unfortunately, this makes housing more expensive for those without access to credit or uninterested in homeownership (renters).

>• Wages have stagnated for decades.

Real wages have, [but real total compensation hasn't.](https://www.nber.org/papers/w13953) A greater percentage of our total compensation comes from benefits than it did in previous decades. It should be said that much of that is absorbed by the high healthcare costs in the form of employer sponsored healthcare, but that's a somewhat different issue.

Don't get me wrong millennials have gotten a raw deal, but I'm not quite apocalyptic about their outlook...yet.
Absolutely, i’m with you.
Return to this comment in 6 months
PSTH announcing merger with Epic EMR systems
Why?
Calls on your erection.

Puts on your cock size post the nut.
[deleted]
Who they. Market only reacts to Citron
This is a leap and opex week...
Saving cash for when pornhub go public via SPAC
No doubt.   But when to sell?
Unusual whales posted a Tesla 1/15 820p on Friday and I haven’t gotten a good nights sleep since
Unfortunately most people buy into the manipulation. That's how the insurrection started in the first place.
[deleted]
It's the Ack Man himself
Calls on Johnny have been printing since 2018
In at 15.41
Yes sirrr
Haha I seen that, just a rumour and wouldn't take anything from it. Could be registered  under management or investors for all we know! But yeah who knows really we don't have much to go on 😊
Please let me sort by rocket count. I almost missed out on the enthusiasm surrounding $FUCKI
Yes, me too. But amazon isn't splitting.
So you are saying you would suck elons cock?
Lol cuz the CCP definitely cares about your club of money wasting losers. Get over yourself.
Enjoy the situation while it lasts. This either goes well or very bad depending if he passes legislation he promised. Then again, it seems the lockdown made it print for us so who tf knows
**[Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii)**

The Wii ( WEE) is a home video game console developed and marketed by Nintendo. It was first released on November 19, 2006 in North America and in December 2006 for most other regions. It is Nintendo's fifth major home game console, following the GameCube, and is a seventh generation home console alongside Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Sony's PlayStation 3. In developing the Wii, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata directed the company to avoid competing with Microsoft and Sony on computational graphics and power and instead to target a broader demographic of players though novel gameplay.

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
No news so far :(
are psth pumpers just riskier cash gang

why are we not shaming these pussies
[deleted]
Pltr
Nah. You only lose money on TSLA if you buy puts.
Ha! You got him to delete his account. Well done.
Yup and they pay handsomely
Bro, if you had posted this even just 4 months ago you would have been shamed into a cave.

Literally typed out "hold my hand" smh

How times have changed.  Man up and lose money like the rest of us to learn.
Probably because the TPS reports still don't have their cover sheets.
Congrats king 👑
Yo what the fuck is your problem with autistic people or people with development problems? Fuck you
Soooo I can continue to sell covered calls on my ACB shares?
My man.
Make sure you give her a stonk in her custodial brokerage account. Make it a good one bro!
 
NET
I still haven’t sold my VIXY calls that expire next week maybe they have a chance if we are red Monday
[deleted]
$26
So it's only these two out there?
Who’s FOMOing with me into PSTH warrants tomorrow?
ANUSTART
^ This
Psth, you boys ready to make some money?
$PSTH to the moon and then mars please!
Yo bro I just started working on program that you describe.
$26c 3/15 here
due diligence
[deleted]
[removed]
Someone is high af.
ICLN gang
Pain
Split it. Steel calls then roll profits into icln
Exactly. 

Government only breaks things, not fixes them. 

The smaller the government the better. 

Only thing that’s needed are fair and constitutional courts.
Idiocracy is becoming more and more real
Bernie sanders get fucked
Arkk
I'm just playing DKNG into Super Bowl week. Sell high and onto the next one.  PT: $64
[removed]
[deleted]
Strike and date?
SIGL puts too obvious? Fake news pump it's going back to 0.60
CRWD and F👁
Thanks man, I appreciate !
Looking forward to another glorious day in Joe Biden’s America. No Malarky Market in full effect.
That’s just great arbitrage. Hats off.
 My spy puts are gonna printttt. Get ready for at least 2% down. Bloody Monday 🩸🩸🩸🩸
Not exactly literally what I'm saying, but if you can't honestly sit back and see the difference between how events are portrayed then you aren't being honest.

Look at the BLM/Antifa protests as CNN says "mostly peaceful" with families livelihoods burning down in the background. When media is working that hard to sell a narrative you know they are trying to stop people from leaving the cult. 

This has been the Democrat way for at least 170 years. If they didn't have the media, Hollywood, or the teachers covering for them they wouldn't exist. They have a dark ugly history and no real political successes to speak of.
These seem small for 6’3’ 180lbs people like me. These cars were made for asians, right? It’s like a Honda or Toyota level of comfort
Congrats. Enjoy it, they grow up fast
Rug pull tomorrow
Bears r fuk

Saints by 14
congrats homie. Keep numbers around her they absorb that shit like sponges while their brains developing.
Why doesn’t every single car manufacturer include a little tiny dash cam on the rear view mirror? Seems like such an important safety feature to avoid installed an ugly ass camera. No, instead the government mandated them to have TPMS sensors.
Msos is the way. Also own. Had calls but it popped so now i just have shares. Dump mj and buy msos
[deleted]
I actually have multiple urethral openings
[deleted]
Apple + Hyundai = 🤑🤑🤑
Haha thanks. Had to sell some of my pltr to get in on $OAC
I am currently holding 24.5c 1/15 SLV though I'm already up 10%
Wrong sammy 

EAT FRESH
I need the confirmation bias though
I'm in for a grand tomorrow
Lololol
John McAfee
[removed]
Lol, it's up 1600% YOY, that's probably a yes.
BULLS R FUCKED
No one know what that means ... but it’s provocative
Because anything other than a total shocker will be played as negative
You should have asked him if nio is going to moon or not.
💃
Congrats!
To add to this, if you do decide to get into them, set a stop loss.  There is no reason to screw yourself out of whatever gains you have made when the market turns (and if you're able to buy a hundred stocks of Tesla, buy puts.  Hedge a little.  It won't kill you.)
When lean hogs futures?
Green dildos in your future
[deleted]
TSLA should be the most valuable co in the world. No one comes close to their level of innovation and forward thinking.
Oh man, I've been getting a lot of questions about how to use this. The stupidity is so much worse than what I thought. First, save it to your own google drive. You need your own copy. Then, and let me make this very clear, *fill in the blanks with the information stated in the title.*

eg. You enter a YOLO of PLTR tomorrow, so you fill in "01/10/2021" under Column A. Next, since it's still open, you select "open" under Column B. Step 3, what's your position? Since it's WSB, I'm going to guess the weekly 30C; so, enter "BOT +500 PLTR 15 JAN 21 30 Call @ .16". Setting a GTC closing order isn't a thing in WSB, so leave closing trade blank until you actually close out or when your position inevitably expires worthless. Once it does that, enter the closing trade just like the opening trade. Just like the opening date, enter the date you placed your closing trade in Column E. Column F is for the price you paid or the credit you received to open your position - this part is important. Keep it in terms of dollars; for options, don't multiply by 100, it does it for you automatically. Whether or not you paid a debit or received a credit, use the dropdown menu in Column G to select the right one (people here don't sell premium, so just go ahead and select debit). Once you close out of your position, fill the credit you received in Column H, and notate that it was a credit in Column I. Instrument is whether you bought/sold an option or stock - this is when the sheet will multiply by 100 if it's an option. Guess what you do under "position size" - that's right! You enter the amount of contracts or stocks you purchased. Then you're done. The excel sheet fills in the rest.

Oof I never thought I'd have to explain simple data entry.
You're suppose to actually call one /u/vacationlover1
Yup
[deleted]
Wait are we thinking zebra?
more ICLN
You’re so screwed lol
Why the fuck are people scared of a bubble? Just buy puts or short the stock
When the dotcom bubble burst, had amazon really established itself ouside of selling books? If not Amazon was really only worth 100 anyway because the pivot into being the everything store is what made amazon, Amazon.
Someone has said this about Tesla every single day for months
Someone is giving any post that mentions PSTH awards. Someone knows something.
[deleted]
Bears in shambos 🌈🐻
If I get a good price at open then YOLO a small amount, but also looking at the May ones.
Nah bro.
someone has never been to a live game lmao
‘It’s a BUY at this price’ Jim Cramer, January 8th 2020. Then it immediately jumped 2% AH

I don’t know why you’re convinced I am making this up lmao
[removed]
!remindme 12 months
It's going further than that. To Mars. But since it's NIO, so it must be CCP shill. 

Whether or not the person who did the DD is CCP shill, whoever did their own DD would see clearly that some of the DDs are available in multiple youtube channels. He just pieced them altogether and posted in wsb. But for some reason, the OP of this post just trashed the person and now the person is perm banned in wsb. 

It's just as ridiculous as it is. 

Whoever invested in NIO damn well know all of his DD. 

But if he's coming for TESLA DD, I doubt u/Rain_is_blue will label him as TESLA shill.

There are two top posts in wsb right now whose account are just 5 months and 7 months old. But they're not getting called out.
I hear u/cashflow_ has an inverted penis
[deleted]
I developed a weird upper back pain a few months ago and it won't go away lol
[deleted]
Rumor is Cohen will not directly participate in ICR. This was from a recent post where someone sent an e-mail to ICR and they responded that no one named "Ryan Cohen" is registered.
Selling Tequila
Never dipped my hand in TSLA calls before and on Friday I did. Scared as f as to what happens on Monday. Can get wiped out veryyyyyy quickly lol
I own MSOS and CURLF... OP is not wrong
Might as well use chicken bones, it's about as scientific as this approach.
Good luck man on DKNG. I've been on that train since this summer. Lucky it's shares, but God damn that shit does not break 60.
Need confirmation bias for my spy calls
Alright, I fuckin buy. Should I buy at this little peak or wait for it to drop?
[deleted]
My daughter turns 2 today
Yeah why is a Chinese China-based company on our exchange? Why isn't Hyundai?
ICLN calls
Laughs in aapl
🤡
Good luck this week. I didn't roll them out yet because I think PLTR will regain what it lost on Friday.
“Why looking for genomic stock?”

“Cause sector is exploding and promising to continue.”

“Oh where do I find for cheap AND unpopular?”

You don’t. Get in on new/cheap or old/reliable. Those are your choices.
US Pop 328 million

168 million 0- old adults but not $F boomer old 

Times that by $2000 stimmys on the iPhone and you get :
168,000,000 x $2000 = 3.36e11

-50% for people who didn’t get tendies in 2020 
Now we’re at 1.68e11

Fuck that e11 so now we’re at 1.68

Which is the same as 168,000,000 that we started with so that’s a neat coincidence.

Take the and divide it by TSLA $$867.51 
And that’s a shit ton 

Tesla $1200 EOM
It’s a solid idea. Increasingly, I’ve become convinced that momo trading has consistently become more profitable as money ebbs and flows from stock to stock. That subconscious momo people are getting from social media browsing is definitely quantifiable for short-term trading.
Good post This is incredibly interesting
The best thing to hope for is that there is a fight for the board or acquisition and the passive investors call in their shares. I’ve been reading more on this and it looks like big passive investors have a policy of NOT calling in their shares if possible
Nope...never have. All OJT training. My educational track was in comp sci and I would have certainly benefitted from that track in my profession, but no... not taught in the classroom.
Just described the assassination missions in GTA V
Time to get off Reddit- back to the chans
It’s like watching a football game at home vs at the stadium.  You might get a better experience of watching the game on tv to get all the details, but you won’t announce that to your buddies.  If you go to the game, you sure as fuck are telling your buddies you at that bitch.
My calls desperately need it to. I got fucked last week
pleas
Want to buy calls in tsla but I iz poor. So calls in NIO it is!!!
BULLS IN LAMBOS, BEARS ARE 6FT UNDER

IT DOESN'T RHYME BUT WHO CARES
This would be awesome
Where are you seeing this ?
Scared money don't make money, son.  I played NIO way to conservatively and missed out on a lotta $ the last two weeks.
https://twitter.com/RBReich/status/1348346149200142336

Now Robert Reich is joining Bernie in attacking Musk

Shit I am confident in my TSLA puts. The whole Dem gang is going after him.
Imagine the markets were like this for a fucking decade? I'd actually become rich.  Random company's like SeaWorld would be worth $125bn with a 2,500 PE
DM TO THE MOON🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I actually encountered a paid chinese troll here on reddit a few months ago too. They had a very young account and only expressed pro Chinese sentiments. If you see anyone who looks a bit suspicious, ask them directly about  the Tiananmen square massacre or any of the other topics that are censored by the ccp. 

When confronted, the troll deleted his account.
King of the jungle
Are there any Tuscan Raiders still out there? This shit is getting boring and I'm legit about to sell and FOMO into weed or more steel.
Honestly, I don’t even KNOW.

I’ve just seen April mentioned as the likely timeline so many times it’s ingrained in my head.
No kidding.  Half the posts on here are shilling their own positions. But when someone admits to being Chinese it's a problem.
I’ve been selling 20 dimes on the interwebs for $1 per 20.. I can’t believe people use those useless things anymore.. free money boys
I heard he turned down the job because they wouldn't offer him $12 an hour?
PSTH TO ACQUIRE ARBY'S TO THE FUCKING MOOOOOOOOON
Are you new here?
monday
Market wizards
And thennnn.....
Top is in
Load up on any sort of NIO Call is my plan. 

Already loaded up on 1/15 $60

Planning on loading up on LEAPS for NIO and ICLN

This is the endgame
In China they bid up [bottled water](https://imgur.com/a/yfqNdz4) more than you degenerates bid up Tesla. Autism is contagious.
Yuck
[deleted]
Thanks for watching out for us autists you fucker. CCP are sneaky bastards
Brint money worldwide, yes comrade 😎🤯
Went out for some Capri Sun and saw shining white Tesla! I'm going all in!
The chinaman is not the issue here dude. And by the way the preferred nomenclature is asian american.
I knew a guy in school who could squeeze white shit out his nips
Not tacky but too much to upkeep/insurance to justify if you had the cash imo. Unless the amount is absolutely trivial, then it is pretty based
Wine is 🌈
I’m more of a credit spread guy myself and when I’m feeling extra confident i turn them into condors ;)
Reminder - rug pulls dont exist. Stonks only go up
This was an acceptable comment. A little low energy and perhaps could use one or two emoticons but I’ll accept it.
I read the emoji’s as battery manufacturing partnership has been nailed down with Apple/BB... just a hunch.
the only correct answer
Yea the Tesla bubble is going to pop soon. It’s currently trading at around the values of the companies of the dot com bubble before they crashed and it’s going to take all the ev stocks with it
This is all too good to be true. 

Suddenly the government is going to create a new economy? 

They couldn’t even build a railway in California. Multi billion dollar boondoggle.
add BABA, ACB, APHA, and DKNG.  And CELH if you gotta dick on ya.
GME bag holder unite.
Fraud exists everywhere, but you just target Chinese stocks. lol
Why leave out the Eastern world? 🤔
u mad ? wait for m1x
Try it and find out?

Nobody knows.
Proteck ya neck
😩
Yeah if not, JPump is hunting each and every last one.
Sounds like 30 to me. You probably slept on your pillow, but it was bunched up.
Market almost always goes up in Q1, barring a global pandemic
OPs post was about the widening gap in wages and CPI. No where did he say it is impossible to make money. 

Did your parents own a house?  Are they still married? Were they employed? Did you get a car? Are you still relatively healthy? When you went to school, did you always have food to eat? Did you finish school? Are you white? How about a man? Are you straight? Did you keep your job through the pandemic?

If you answered yes to *any* of these questions you already have an element of privilege more than many, regardless of how hard you worked. The whole “boot straps” narrative is Conservative propaganda meant to demonize poor people; as soon as people start realizing it’s a tactic to protect the ultra-rich from paying their fair share of taxes for having benefited from all the privileges mentioned above, the sooner we can start to address it.
Theta says hello 🤡🤡🤡
zm 6/18 355c
Ahh, a man of culture. Thanks for reciting GME 6.9.
If it pops buy the mega dip
I wrote about it, see my posts. Base case is M&A/strategic partnership. But the market will react more to sales IMO

Edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kknuk6/gme_icr_conference_words_matter/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Start living bro
NIO already catching upgrades 🚀 https://twitter.com/investornio/status/1348385473140547592?s=21
Wouldn’t be the first time i lost 18k on a play
We don't think he's a CCP shill because he's Chinese, we think it's because he's a CCP shill who was defending the Chinese Government

But you're prolly a shill for defending him so why do I bother
Got it investing in AOC
❄
[deleted]
https://i.imgur.com/ymSN1hp.jpg
What day is that?
this is brilliant
Tbh that’s what’s happening with the shroom stocks right now, so many random new companies just popping up
Why do I have the feeling we're going to have a relatively flat week 🤡
Feels like that Black Mirror episode 15 Million Merits.
I played the TSLA split and made a ridiculous amount so.....
THEY HATE US BECAUSE THEY ANUS
Three options:

Darknet

Dumpster

Deep OTM TSLA FD
We'll kill them with our autism faster than they can get us with communism. Its like Aids versus the flu
I...I...don’t have a the balls for that 😂
Battery tech hasnt noticable changed in like what, 40 years? The major breakthrough atm is solid state batteries, so how you expect yearly upgrades?
Source
I know. Idk what’s wrong with people about PLTR
Alright I'll parlay steel ml and over for 200.  Time to get some gains for the weekend.


Psth please keep printing next week
[deleted]
FOUND ANOTHER ONE!
GME for ICR presentation. Hopefully big news on Ryan Cohen.

Also going to add some more Nio and Plug.
They hate us because they anus
Y'all patting yourselves on the back for sniffing out the "ccp spy" and don't realize how fucked up it is to be so sure he's a ccp shill bc he's chinese. That's pretttty racist
[removed]
Best nudes is winner
TONTINO gang the the type a gang to use bear skin condoms
We got em
To beer or not to beer?
Straddle, Strangle, and Reverse Iron Condor mah dudes. Tits up proof plays
I’ll sell you all mine for $69 a share
they are probably ahead. world leading self designed cpus+chips, huge software advantage
The western worlds' central banks print so fucking much money

All the amount of stimulus money is exceeding the 2008 bailouts by far and we had an 11 year bullrun since 2009

So new 11-year bullrun imminent?

😎🚀🚀🚀
If a split is why you buy...
Quite jealous of your PLTR avg
Did you miss the memo? there's an army of Chinese paid trolls on reddit.

Here's an example in this thread:[https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/jv3rr4/citizen\_journalist\_facing\_jail\_in\_china\_for\_wuhan/](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/jv3rr4/citizen_journalist_facing_jail_in_china_for_wuhan/)

there's one of the shill accounts from this thread: [https://www.reddit.com/user/angilinwago4/](https://www.reddit.com/user/angilinwago4/)

> I wouldn't trust this new mRNA vaccine either, the long term safety/risk is just not known, especially it deals with mRNA that plays with the coding mechanism of our cells. i will wait for Oxford/Astrazeneca or even some chinese vaccines, they use more traditional and proven way of producing it.
Puts, ack got it. 1 Dte before earning. Inverse WSB.
Psth at 30 👀
PSTH + impossible foods
Throw me a link? I was under the belief the dude died of a stroke but was on duty (which is viable the stress causes it) and they were let in
Thanks daddy
Bring it bitch!
You misspelled incel in your username
forever hold
The past couple of months this has been my strategy.  Wait for a red day, buy spy calls, sell when they go 20%+ green.  Hasn't failed yet.
my move is to hope mango doesn't do shit to ruin bull market and let biden print us money
He’s probably a TSLA bear
[removed]
Pretty sure they dont have a solid state battery.
Let’s go kid 🤝
amazon at least 4k by summer
What if everyone is planning on selling at $1000 but some will want to be the first out the door at $990 but others will think of that too so sell even earlier etc etc
I would if more of my friends used to
Blood in your shit means you need to see a doctor bro, it’s not secret intel. 

We keep telling you this.
I’ll match you
BA put FDs are guaranteed 10 bagger right?
damn bruh u got a lot of beef around here
Makes sense
[removed]
Nice
BABA, DKNG, AAPL, ACB, APHA, ICLN, PLTR, SBUX, CELH CALLS CALLS CALLS CALLS!!!!  Strangely turned on by T as well...... ..... ..... ...
This mans got banned
Yes but he said wait for a pull back because they will fall over time with no product for years. Get out of here.
Leaps if it dumps a good amount.
Def shouldn’t be worth more than tesla
MOTHA FUCKIN TONTINOS
Another great DD article about Desktop Metal


https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-reinvigorated-3d-printing-stocks-200534937.html
IPOE
You’re thinking small. There’s not going to be a catalyst just a fundamental correction
:(
I thought the Straya markets opened 2 mins ago! Now I’m sad.
[removed]
The technicals point to an uptrend in FNGD, and lots of people looking to short the FAANG stock this week. FNGD will be up at least 25% Monday alone. FNGD is  MicroSectors FANG+ Index -3X Inverse Leveraged ETN
I though you get immunity if you said no homo
 "See when I have my freaks horizontal, they understand size, they appreciate size, and size does matter. And they know that they don't have to wait for the earth to rotate on a 47-degree axis so the stars can smack the sky and create a equalax, so they can see the big dipper. No no no. All they gotta do is call up the Big Poppa, cause I'm the man with the big dipper, and satisfaction's comin when I go behind and do the bump'n'grind and its only a matter of time before they call me the BIG BAD BOOTY DADDY!"
PSTH should be interesting this week. Price movement seems to suggest the announcement is coming.
MARA.
I have, and I've been trying to repent ever since.
Hand over your PSTH now.  I'll even give you 25 percent over NAV.
They're probably already making a few in Shanghai.
What is your take on GME presenting under the 'tech' portiom of the conference tho my dude?
Godspeed, retard
Mega bank
If you have the balls to hold that through a big dip then it could be worth the risk.. good luck though might be a painful one
You’re going down bro
Shhhhhhhhh, don't tell them if you see it Xi I mean, Winnie the Pooh is looking out for your tendies.
[removed]
Innovation everywhere except schools- better investment than Tesla if that shit happened
I think all the bears are dead guys
Nobody tell him
I just saw Jack Ma working as an AMZN delivery driver. It’s pretty sad to see tbh.
Tell me how to benefit from this
Gen X is basically the middlechild that nobody cares about. I can for sure see how bad that sucks. You guys were getting into the job market after 9/11 and now boomers are still holding all the high paying jobs, so you're stuck in a limbo of not being able to move up, but also not having the advantage of having time to wait out the boomer retirement.
Here are a few

https://i.imgur.com/T731hvO.jpg
Even if I didn’t just read this on the same sub where I learned that males can lactate, I still wouldn’t believe you.
Intelligently said! 👍

Did you also note the flurry of carefully orchestrated goodie-good NIO pump posts and news over the last couple of days?🤫
Theta Gang makes money consistently. But everyone here's retarded so good luck.
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/g0w0yn/heres_some_fundamentals_for_you_retards/fnc4fuk/)*
if i bring my own bitch can she give me head while i simply get a coffee
Just like how autists pump TSLA? Except they might have actually started to believe their own bullshit.
Yeah, it's great! If you launch it again, please let me know!
Anyone else get a bit scared when you see similarities between the dot-com bubble and the currently proclaimed "EV-Bubble"? Everyone seem to be buying EV-stocks and they pop up everywhere. It doesn't matter which EV-stock you buy, it will go up. Same as how people in the 90's just put money into internet companies because it "couldn't go wrong".

It's all about which companies will win the EV-race in the end, and there isn't room enough for all of them..
Anyone else waiting impatiently for CLDR to get back on it's 🚀 mission?
He did actually on Friday. Spoke about them and said the lockup move was causing an overblown response lol
Bruh tesla factory is highly automated. They can have several groups of workers working differently shifts
uts on Tesla

(Jk)
I've got $5k in cash right now.  Thinking of either more steel (MT and X) or more ICLN leaps
I know. Theres already a rest api exposed, otherwise the app wouldn’t work. Bootstrap is just a css library, I’m not choosing to use it on this project, in lieu of material ui.
ET7 will have 600+ miles. Why is LIDAR fundamentally incapable of reaching true autonomy?
This. Wait for the drop, then buy leaps.
[removed]
[deleted]
You speak the truth and these retards can’t handle it lmao
I don't think housing is in a bubble. Right now inventory is low, demand is high. In any area close to desirable, steaming turds are going for 20% higher than they were last year, because houses are moving in minutes to days, not a couple of months like previous markets. Add to that, Covid shut down the lumber mills and lumber packages are 60%+ more expensive than they were a year ago.  Prices are high, but supply and demand is driving it, as it should.  If anything, Biden's prior push for higher first time home buyer credits will come back and drive the market up.

edit:grammar
[removed]
[removed]
just one of the founding steel stock of America
[deleted]
For "someone in my situation" $6 for amazon is too much.
[deleted]
Got it. Good luck to all in ICLN. The momo is there
I just need 1 more week of gains and then I'll put my affairs in order. Please Mr Market, don't fk me yet!
Giga chad
TSLA
BABA
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nhbegli the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Manipulate a large market cap? good luck
What do you guys think about buying AMZN 3500c 6/18? It’s 18k rn, but if Bezos splits his stock I figure this would be a 10 bagger.
mods
No options but I bought a lot of shares relative to my portfolio in early October. It's basically carried my returns since 😅
I take your $100 wager and raise it to $240
Guys u/richtofin115 has decided to come at me bro for title of #3 shit poster of all time. He is now my mortal enemy and I will destroy him. 
 
Also please ban u/vacationlover1 for unrelated reasons
use signal
Why april
Let to moon so my worthless 1/15 call can be worth something.
Whats up with Sofi? Why is it not 100?
TD Saints!! 🐻 are fucked 😉
60? for GO EV? I'm in for a good amount of shares so I hope lol
After all they are Chinese, you know
Vale MT, thinking of buying the MP dip
DONT MAKE ME POST IT
Ok same, this gonna be fun
G I K is the way but cannot be spoken of yet🚀🚀🚀
30?
Got my Biden in Paris

And ICLN going gorilla
Gotchya. Really I'm just sour i had some shares of mara and got out at $8 something and used that profit on a loser
disregard my comment then, I don't think China has any lockdowns currently?
While I agree with the sentiment. At least it is a US company which is audited and follows US law

China stocks get fast tracked and no real audit is taken place because to the ccp it is espionage. Look up the china hustle on netflix
Tesla bulls are going to either get wiped out or make bank. No in between with this fomo.
This is the best review weed stocks are all hype
😱😱😱😱😱
[deleted]
Not sure whats gayer......the mods....or this post.
Honestly, at the end of the day both sides will try to fuck us they just do it from different angles.

I just want a space where I can be retarded and call people retarded. Nothing else matters in life.
ES -69 at open
Fly to Switzerland, go get a coffee and get your dome polished while watching your tendies multiply.  The life.  

https://www.eater.com/2016/6/24/12026012/geneva-fellatio-cafe-wtf
Yes
Nio mün
I just got a 10 minute YouTube vid about investing in NIO. Fuck they are coming for our investments now too?
Bloody Monday. Got secret intel.
Seems like they've fixed it.  

[ In 2018, after taking apart a Model 3, Munro described “flaws we would see on a Kia in the ‘90s.” This spring, he tore down a Model Y and found a host of improvements. “It’s a well-designed car,” said Munro. “It’s so much better than the Model 3—no comparison in fit and finish. They are miles apart.” He reiterated this assessment in an interview with Charged, saying, “The body build [of Model Y] is 1,000% better. There are still issues, but they’re minor in comparison to what I have seen in the past.”](https://insideevs.com/features/465273/ford-exec-baits-tesla-quality-issues-tesla-image-issue/amp/)
[removed]
[removed]
Counter strike Costco offensive ?
It’s a secret 🤫
agreeeeeed
no
Glad that I’m not alone
What happened in March 2007 with LEU ?
i just got it 20 mins ago
What happens Thursday?
>planting tomatoes and other succulents

Is this a meme
Buy ICLN now so you don't get fucked by tesla
[removed]
What is margin?
NIO $100 EOY is my prediction you can hold me to it and even take my $100 bet that I’ll be over $100 January 2022
4 year old dead account suddenly started posting 4 months ago, but only a few times, and now is storming this thread with pro-ccp propaganda. You're also quite clearly Chinese, yourself, due to your syntax quite obviously not belonging to a native English speaker, and your blind loyalty to the Chinese government.

We got another shill.
Not only that but WSB may be my go to news source from now on. Once you figure out how to sort thru the Autism there is some very good, up to date, reliable news around here.
Plot twist: 10 year bull run happened in 10 months and we’re back to the rug pull.

Riddle me that. 

It’s just science.
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I feel like it reeks newly rich or low rich.
Retard, have you ever been outside of the US?
Love this one
Felicity’s Donuts, right off I-35. Beautiful, stick them straight in your mouth and drift off to Valhalla
They will also go down, but not nearly as much as typical stocks.  SPACs at their core are basically a cash holding apparatus with a committed purpose for that cash.  An example would be PSTH.  Their absolute zero is $20 because that is what the share is worth if the company dissolves.
Lolz. Love the rocket count. 🍻
Feeling like a i should of picked up a few vxx calls on friday
big catalyst tomorrow
GME TO THE MOOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀💦💦😫
I’m buckled the fuck up
You pay the depreciation value of the car. So it's no different. Except you'd have to sell your car in your situation.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** BUY THE DIP! TWTR TO THE MOON🚀🚀🚀

**URL:** https://redd.it/kumll6
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kumll6) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/DestTheDestroyr, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
historyproject6
Aplz247
bob742omb
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
GME Calls and TSLA puts, my asshole is ready
How is buying a stock that has been going up nonstop since December a good play?
I would urge caution to anyone considering DQ (Daqo Solar). Stories comin' out on the daily accusing them and Jinko of using conscripted labor from Uyghurs to install their infrastructure in Xinjiang.
Yo dipshit, we have a major pandemic every few years. Swine flu, bird flu, Ebola.....
You’re not exactly Nostradamus by predicting we’re gonna have a pandemic in the next few years.
What? That’s literally NIO’s marketing strategy that you don’t understand, it’s not for investors. The NIO houses are made for ppl looking to socialize and meet people. I don’t understand all this hate
Tontinos pizza rolls
It’s not a rug pull tomorrow is a rug nail down to the hardwood and superglue tomorrow
Congrats!!!  Pay it forward my man, donate to those who can’t yolo like the best of us.  Have ideas if you need them
All of a sudden developed neck pain a few weeks ago and it won't go away.

Fuck I'm officially old.
[removed]
bro you're rich
[removed]
4x 15c 1/15 will probably sell and hop back on with a longer date lol
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Nailed it
I'm so desperate I'd slap my saint of a mother just to get spy +1% tomorrow
Yep. Eat fresh 🥖
You're rockets are kinda convincing, but why not CMC? :D
What’s ur alt?
SRPT
It’s 2:00pm in Cali, futures open at 3:00. Can someone east coast tell me how they’re doing since it’s after 3:00 for you ?
BUYDEN speaking on Thursday. He’s gonna take us to tendie town bucko
Paris agreement will cause ICLN to moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
The rug pull already happened in March 2020 dummies. We got out of it just fine and are already back to the next 10 year bull run.
Shorting SPACs with lock-ups expiring this week
That’s why it makes sense to get in. It’s fucking retard but we are in a retarded world
Too late, already bought 700 shares of NIO.
Watched those Trumptards kill that cop with an American flag. This is why i buy PLTR. Go get em boys.
No I welcome the competition and wish the best man (or in your case the best woman) luck! 😝
I'm getting downvoted by CCP trolls and brain dead idiots. I won't stop talking about it online and to anybody else that will listen.
Nice job for calling this out fellow retard !
Yup!!!
Tell that to my tendies
Poor logic for an investor.

If you buy a car and lease a car - in both situations you negotiate a buying price.

A $40,000 car. 5 year loan is $667/month. $10,000 lease with $30,000 residual would be $278/month for 36 months. Then $500/month for 5 years after that. So you can invest that $667-278/month during that 36 month lease. You'll also be making more money, most likely, after 3 years of raises etc.
MP
why does maui airport not have a gate 30

did something happen lmao maybe they hate steph curry
NVDIA?
Yeah I've had a few close ones too but have decided to wait until about 2pm to see if theta works against, if I actually want to close anything that's now made me money. 

I have 1600 shares right now so I'm playing with a fair bit. Closed all of them by about 2pm last Friday and opened for this Friday starting at 27, 27.5, 28.
GME ICR day is gonna be a roller coaster. excited for what’s coming, whether it’s up or down
ARKF
If there is a correction tmrw im diamond mother fucking handing and closing robinhood until thursday where biden gives the okay to FUCKING PRINT TENDIES
I’m just imagining the camera operator slowly rotating the camera and moving in and out
QQQJ
The nicest cars ever made
This is standard software design lol.
Please, they are an advanced user.  At least 13.
Pltr 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡 lmfao
I mean, it’s not a hot take or anything. Not everyone has a birds-eye view of movement
PSTH
Let me guess 

Red Futures

Green dildo at open
Kinda but they’re still 250k+ so how tacky can it be🤷🏻‍♂️
Trump leaving WH and vaccine rollout issues.
u missin TONTINO SON
Shut up
Me and the treadmill have become very good friends on Sundays. Best way to cope with anticipation. I don’t know who’s fucking who but I sleep easy after the abuse.
Zom
Boa new $70 nio pt, lol bUT CcP iN WSbbbbb!
[removed]
Suggestion?
Just checked. Can't buy any SPY 1/11's so I dont think so
Rug pull for which ticker
Hey look...another market maker conspiracy theory...classic.
[removed]
Spacs would go down
WHAT THE FUCK did I just watch lmfaooo
I'm so desperate I'd slap my saint of a mother just to get a +1% spy day tomorrow
[removed]
going all in on UNITED STATES OF STEEL X!!!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀👩‍🚀
You are right, I’m an idiot
What are your positions? I'm eyeing 2/19 20c on Monday.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Wolf of Wallstreet

**URL:** https://redd.it/kum1v9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kum1v9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/xxprojazzxx, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
solongmsft
HybridReptile15
IF_YOU_READ_THIS_V1
BleachedTaint
OverpricedBagel
Macnamera
Won't the VP become the tiebreaker?
Bc I had been using my alt account which is in timeout now :(

If I didn’t know any better I’d think you sabotaged me
Ketamine related
CLF crushing too. 

SIM is my sleeper play.
[deleted]
>Back

Agreed. We're talking revenue from engineering contracts/skateboard platform, B2B sales of the LV (aka Bangbus), Delivery Van and the B2C Subscription model. Three streams of revenue! The Apple deal will just send this fucken thing into the stratosphere.
So the tickers of the week are: 

ICLN. NIO. TSLA. ARKK. ARKG. FCEL. BA (puts). NVTA. AAPL. GME. GO EV. 

missing anything?
What the hell made u do this
1/15
Hahahahahaha

Let's see .. if you had the time to go through my post history you should also see my 2020 range rover and a 2019 amg that I drive, so what is that $150K in cars ?

also my 5000 NIO shares at $5.50 cost basis says hi .. in 2 years i'll stop working I guess.

And Yes, I hate disgusting losers like you who make $10k off TSLA and **never bought a single TSLA** share myself. Have fun being a middle class bitch for the rest of your life.

P.s working from home as a CPA making $140k/year as a Controller while you collect stim checks you pathetic nobody.

P.s.s I saw your shitty condo btw ... haha how's living in a 1bdr condo treating you ?????????????????????? rofl
How do you know Tesla dropping wasn’t the thing that caused the global market to crash lol
You had my curiosity, now you have my attention.
Not wishing for anyone to lose a fortune. But if you are about get into NIO or Tesla now, after they both have run up close to 1000% in the last year, you should really, really reconsider. Because isn't this just retarded. This is retarded 10x
Yes.
YES THEY DO!!!!
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
It was down 15% earlier
I really love the semi’s this month. NVDA AMD TSM MU

That’s my recommendation. I’ve got about $600k in leaps and calls across those four tickers rn
You will lose a lot less money by either riding the gains and catching the dip after it starts, or just ignoring it all together and catching the dip after it starts. Trying to anticipate the dip of this rocketship is just throwing money away.
Tesla
i’m waiting for a successful black woman to kill it the markets for everyone to eerily not sexualize her
ah another BRAND NEW account. Yes it is talked about, just like PLTR was but it doesn't change the fact that it still seems like CCP pump and dump
Good, maybe you’ll quit making memes
I buy calls until July. I hope for some kind of legality for online betting in more states/countries
Bernie won’t be around much longer so who cares
Meh
That’s funny insurrection a word but nobody knew until Wednesday
Thank you for keeping me honest. In that regards Roman could be considered to be a competitor. But having said that, the social media presence of HIMS & HERS is still bigger than Lemonaid, Roman and Rory combined
Honk Honk
i highly doubt it.
Damn... That's actually one way of looking at it.
Limit up
[deleted]
Delist em all
Whats the deal with the lockup exp in march?
My exact thought this morning.
“How do I calculate when I’d be in the money” 😭😭😭
[removed]
never
You have a really short memory  because Tesla had a huge run up to Battery day
Yea
You didn’t. You wouldn’t!
Same.....wtf
[deleted]
This sub peaked long ago, too mainstream and manipulated now
Whoever downvoted you is an idiot. It is dangerous. The two halves of this country are at each others throats. We have a lot of differences between each other, yes, but we have a lot of similarities too.
It dropped more just last week and markets were blood green.
🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳💪💪💪💪💪💪👑👑
[removed]
Ladies and gentlemen, we got him.
I'm buying one with my Tendies as a thanks for Daddy Muskie 🥺
Millenials are on the front, as a Gen Z I'm watching from behind. At the end of the day my generation can't get more fucked than the mellenials.
I think so.
1 hour left. Predictions?
It' down 8% in a single day
Guidelines:

1. Everyone is male.  
2. The internet is for porn.  
3. Autism
Are Lamborghinis tacky?
Going to be planting tomatoes and other succulents
Thank you kind sir!
But you’re not even in the top 30 for the month. Gonna need to really step your game up
Check my post history
You’re so retarded and poor, you got a stimulus check.  One of us, one of us
What black swans we got for the rest of January? I feel some red between now and the 20th.
Yoloing Achronix and metal calls tmrw 🚀
Please god no. I'm already bagholding at $21 for a shitton of shares
I got VALE, MT and CLF. Should I buy X or CMC at open?
If you’re not watching the bears on the Nickelodeon stream wtf are you doing
I have ptsd from working there in high school and living in the smell for hours at a time
Evans
Quick question : Is RKT producing rockets for Elon Musk's mars mission?
APHA pleas fly again this week
How are we supposed to discuss 10 baggers if we can only use four rockets? 🤡🤡🤡🤡
How you driven any Korean cars ?? These cars last for years . . Apples design and Korean reliability what else do you need ?
Buying TSLA weekly lottery tickets
Beetcorn?
We try to have ONE small violent insurrection and the libs are losing their shit and censoring us
Dude I fucking hope so - this week should be good for it
Did someone test drive husband’s wife? Since it’s a family lol
The daily discussion thread is going to be epic when the rug pull happens.
You’re pretty retarded if you think ICLN is a shitty, overbought meme. But then this is WSB, so.. carry on. 🚀
That’s actually not a bad idea I just had such a good last week I think it would be better if I take a little chill pill and enjoyed the gains
*was your new flair*

*was going to be your new account*
How do we think SPACs would fair if there was a big dip in the market?
So when NIO Inc. did the deal in April, they put all the assets of the company into NIO China, which is held by a JV. After issung some shares and buying back some of the stake, they currently technically control 86% and the minority ownership controls 14%. Seems ok, but I'd like to point your attention to this section. Two things:

1. The "strategic investors" (government) have the right to a "conditional drag-along right". That means that they can force NIO to sell NIO China to any 3rd party at any time.
2. They have to do a Chinese IPO within 60 months of signing or 48 months of Dec 31, 2020 (ostensibly when they were supposed to put the last injection of capital) whichever comes earlier.

[https://imgur.com/a/pOrp0UP](https://imgur.com/a/pOrp0UP)

China's got em by the balls
All it takes is the first major Hydrogen mishap to kill the whole industry dead
How is it crashing? Lol
Agreed. I’m looking for that mini pullback of 10-15$ and I’m cashing to buy calls eom. Wouldn’t hold any longer
1200c 1/15/21 yolo
Oh for sure, and other Reddit’s also.  China is just dumb.  For sure let’s manipulate people to like us.....  or how about you become like-able? Oh wait you’d have to grow up and put their big pants on.  Communism is just so dumb.
He did not pump QS. 🤣
[deleted]
If you spent some time here, you’d realize that we don’t hate women, we don’t hate those with mental disabilities, and we don’t hate gay people. 

We call each other names in endearing ways, no one takes offense, everyone has thick skin. It’s the camaraderie that has developed here. I honestly do genuinely feel bad for you; going through life getting offended at everything must be exhausting.

I encourage you to explore the sub, and seek to understand the culture. We’re not bad people. 

Much love, hope life treats you well.
Why wouldn't you
[deleted]
Suk me
1200c 1/15/21 yolo
Apple and the word irrelevant product don’t go together buddy. Well maybe the home pod
So much left to extract.
Does everyone now have same day expiration trading on robinhood?
Personally I think smart money props it up on ideological grounds tomorrow. Probably doesn’t moon. But doesn’t shit the bed, either.

Ban or not, Trump out of the presidential limelight is a definite negative for twtr. Without the above it would certainly see a selloff.
Found another commie boys!
Who's worrying? It obviously works just wondering if it works on an individual level although I guess it would become harder and harder to borrow money.
That wasn’t about repubs or dems. That was about China
Got burned on Etsy but my fault for buying dumbass weeklies on them. Long term hell yeah. 

I was thinking SQ for an earnings run up
Story?
Yeah those dudes are dumb as fuck lol. I +80%'ed my port early Sept which was dope. Even I fell victim to this tho when I rode some puts past the Friday lunch hour 

Mostly long/cash rn but signs are lining up
Based on weakening order rate trends & December CC data, yes.
Just say you’re broke and move on. Please don’t take a position, wouldn’t want to help you out anyways
Positions please ?
I'm beyond irritated about how dense you are but I'll get over it.
I’m offended...but not if I see 🚀🚀🚀, I’m now hard.
JPM earnings this week 🚀🚀
-written from my iPhone
The iPhone which 30% of the country uses isn’t relevant?!   

Not to mention Apple TV, watches, tablets (no other product comes close to the iPad ), MacBooks, and the AirPods and ipens
I agree. I can understand some of the communities frustrations with the sideways trading recently though. I feel like this company has limitless potential yet some people are saying it’s over valued? Makes no sense.
Cool. Don’t mind me then
Yeah I don’t want to be a pig either. Got burned last time.
Looks like you are currently 23% fucked
I honestly hope it does I want more shares
There is also a lifetime gift tax exemption around 12mil in 2020.
Start betting o/u

Over tonight if weather isnt dog poo
Lube up boyo
🏞️🏞️🏞️
You havent heard of their m1 chip I see
Praising the Chinese government is a political opinion hundreds of millions of people hold. 

Yeah I guess political discussion is probably banned in this sub? That would make sense. 

But "shill" is a meaningless word. An implication they are a fake account or someone is paying them to post some nonsense.  Just be clear you will ban people who support the Chinese government or promote the Chinese government and it would be more transparent. 

In a way it's like the original cold war, where you would ban people supporting the Soviet Union. 

I'm not a subscriber of this subreddit. Just commenting on the political aspect. The post reached /r/all. 

From my understanding what happened was that rather than any "infiltration" or astroturfing or whatever. Some guy who probably invested a lot into NIO is trying to promote his investment. Although that also seems to be the point of this sub?  (I don't know). He is Chinese and supports the Chinese government. 

Now the post may have violated the rules since as you it was low quality or something but there's nothing that suggests it's of "astroturfing" or he's being paid by CCP. 

Maybe he's being paid by NIO or just a investor looking to promote his stock.  

If his post was low quality for the sub that's probably grounds for deletion and ban in itself.
Haha I have a nice piece of VALE  in my IRA. Been doing ok up 50% since I bought.
Their prices are too high.  Who actually shops there?
Stonks only go up. -Autistotle
Im dead lmao 😂
🤘
i want to fuk her
Bro these are the same people that have hyped TSLA to $900.
Whatchu talking bout. That dude sounds like the average retard on here.
“everyone else is wrong but me”
Bernie is not "the dems." Reminder that when Bernie blocked the NDAA bill to get $2k stimulus checks the dems ignored it and passed the NDAA. Bernie also wants universal healthcare which Biden doesn't.
Beetc0rn crashing and weekend down bigly red


Limit down confirmed
I got it as a free stock in Robinhood when it was around 3 dollars years ago. Sold it right after getting it fml.
But he seems to say he drops by and hangs out at NIO. So which is it?
Interesting that you could have went with “your moms chest” but decided nope “my dads chest” is better
Oooooooh
I like this one a lot
So you're telling me there's a pump ... Time go all-in and time the sell before the dump
🚀🚀🚀
So your thinking upsies? A lot of tech earning calls coming up later in the month
I did exactly that. Great long term play.
[deleted]
TSLA was tanking well before that; plus the entire market was in flux from Sept til end of Oct
O2 Micro? Thoughts?
God you are stupid
I have a boner imagining the stock when Biden brings the US back into paris
You think Cathie is into younger guys? 🤔
I know what a fucking short squeeze is. I'm thinking larger than a single post my guy.
Haha wanna know something, I made $1000 dollars off from investing it. I was trying to make it simplified. Guys you can't really listen to morons on the internet
Hilarious. Just plugging your pump n dump constantly, using “graphs” where you drew “running up” like a kindergartener. It’s the internet, believe what you want, but I actually know a few playboy employees. It’s a sinking ship. The brand won’t die, but it won’t make you money. This is there play to recover, not to make you money. I’ll respect your conviction though. Best of luck.
I am strongly considering joining GME gang tomorrow. I’ve watched from the sidelines and resisted for too long now.
I predict Tesla will correct to $600 short term and then finish 2021 around $1300
Good, since motors are more efficient than engines.
23 4/16 30c late November
Yes.
Everyone liked that
I’m coming for your throne.
I’ve done 0 dd. Was a shower thought
OP doesn't realize that the Constitution is literally designed to make government slow and unwieldy
Yes
If BA has a dip from that plane crash it might be the play for this week
First one is free so that retard saved us 🚀
That’s at least 18 months away, get your leaps now while they’re still cheap.  😂
GOEV $35c 2/19 YOLO at open let’s gooooo
it was green friday ah
one slight red day. Nothing to worry about. Its going to really take off on Inauguration day
People actually thinking the TSLA rocket will be out of fuel this week 🤡
Wumao basically means people who hold a political opinion. The word is completely useless
Lol I am among a small group of people with real world experience, bud. Specifically sales to retail stores. Shadddddupppppppp.
135c 1/22, hoping it will print with optimistic ER
Also need drive thru’s or else you’re just missing out on so many customers who are too fat and lazy like myself to get out of their cars.
Great for a Sunday.

Thanks!
How, I’m level three don’t see
Damn, I’m starting to think you like this.
More than the locals, but far far under 50k. If anything, you will need to have a relatively significant amount of money in the bank to be issued a visa
Thanks I’ll take a look homie
Did you really pay 1.25 mil for your flair
How do you think she died
World: Mondays suck.  
WSB: TGIM!!!
I was sweating too, but in reality it was only down like 0.4%..
Yeah I’m saying they shouldn’t be a 2.2 t co
Can't even get the ticker right, smh.
Way more than normal military planes in the skies and guy claims Insurrection Act has been activated.
I predict Tesla will correct to $600 a share and then end 2021 around $1350
The new flair for my new account is 🔥🔥🔥
 https://imgur.com/a/2fWpppz
It was a bad idea to give Nickelodeon this bears and saints game
Fuck.
I picked VALE because I miss skiing ⛷️
Calls or Puts 👀
I love how people don’t question that Bill Gates “warned” (predicted) the pandemic that made him and other billionaires almost 50% richer within 6 months. https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/us-billionaires-wealth-net-worth-pandemic-covid-billion-2020-9-1029599756
Good call, follow the real global power.
🎈🎈
QS about to get clapped since NIO just beat them to the solid state market.  Mass production of the battery for those cars ready by end of 2022, 2 years before QS will be ready.  Ready for my $70c to rocket this week.
you made my day lmao
Anyone playing C earnings?
You mean puts on WWE.  This is TNA baby big tiddy cowboy mommy runs the show.
Recurring payment services.
Me* “Yo where you at”

Futes Man* “I’m pulling up right now.” I’ll be there in 5 minutes.

Aight, y’all, he on the way
I bought a fifth of both the other day. Evan is my go to Bc it’s cheap
Ho he also refers to us as "vicious racists"
Turkey 101.
Agreed. Which is why companies like CGC are investing heavily into things like drinks that take away the smoking aspect.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WFoC3TR5rzI
I was thinking maybe SQ or GME Calls for an earnings run up
Undoubtedly, yes. Many politicians in the West are directly connected to, or influenced by, the CCP.

In Canada, the provincial government of BC, under Christy Clark, sold out heavily to the CCP, which is why [they buried money laundering investigations in BC casinos for years](https://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/b-c-government-to-release-casino-money-laundering-report), and why the fentanyl crisis in the Vancouver DTES is completely out of control, along with the property prices of metro Vancouver. 

The Canadian federal government made McCallum our ambassador to China, despite a historical problem with alcoholism, and a strong rumor that at least one of his children (by a Malaysian-Chinese wife) worked in Beijing. As a result, during the Meng Wanzhou issue, he appeared to "go native", and was fired for making bizarre comments to reporters that sounded like CCP talking points, about how the US should drop extradition.

If people had taken this seriously 10 years ago, [when intelligence agencies publicly warned about it](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/some-politicians-under-foreign-sway-csis-1.909345), it may not have gotten so deep into Canada.
I actually see very little about GOEV, I would expect more interest now from this sub
Did you read that seeking alpha article and all of the class action suits that followed last week about QS? 

I read that shit and waited for QS to deny it and nope. Closed out. You should read it to if you haven’t and decide if you wanna stay the course.
youre cringe

2.2T+ company that doesnt have a relevant product?you belong here
This
Relevancy ≠ sales
We move the market

If we want it to be bullish, so shall it be
It’s just getting started
Gonna get spy call weeklies if we open red. Gonna print
what can i say? i'm a half glass full kind of diamond handed bull.

what i've heard is that vaccination certifications will be good for a year.

actually, having been infected which will probably be true for greater than half the population by the time this is all finished, **should** provide a much more robust immunity in most cases but that is far from proven and a bit debatable at this point.
user flair checks out
why Q2 2022 ? I agree with you this market will go up but I see it stopping / stabilizing more Q2 this year
CCP CAN SUCK IT
🥖🥖🥖
CMC moon mission
you guys move markets.  of course they want to social engineer you.
Yeah why work hard wen can work gay
Significantly less than 50k

50k down there you can ball like a nfl player 5 days a week
THE NUMBERS DONT LIE SENIOR JOE.
She was and is ugly as hell
Has anybody bought shares of SpaceX on equityzen or micrventures? What was it like and how much did you pay per share?
Well it’s not my money it’s his maybe he’ll slide me something if I do well. I’m really just doing this so he can have some sort of savings account. Still have my own account but now I’m managing his as well
CCL please fly
[NIO call holders, you have retards like this getting into your options. You're fucked](https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/kua27l/i_cant_seem_to_understand_how_options_work/)
[deleted]
"I've read the whole thread but I missed literally the top comment let alone the dozens of others"

And you think I'm the moron.
Me too hahaha. I did some research after and the company looks like it's a good long term play, but I'm tryna make quick tendies
I'M ROCK HARD FOR ICR CONFERENCE

RC TWEET

WE GONNA BLOWWWWWWWWWW
They are so insanely expensive, it's hard to justify their cost.
I did 25.5, which would've been fine eod friday but I panicked in the morning when it was over 26. PLTR does seem to be beginning an uptrend now though
There is a 12 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 4 days on [**2021-01-14 09:36:27 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-14%2009:36:27%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku56jk/530_to_17110_in_3_days_teslagang/gir0es9/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fku56jk%2F530_to_17110_in_3_days_teslagang%2Fgir0es9%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-14%2009%3A36%3A27%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ku56jk)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
r/theydidthemonstermath
Omg companies can be fraudulent!?!?!? Sell sell sell!!!!?
At least give him a chance to post an: 
inspect element edit of his portfolio. 

Or I suppose screen capture a live video of his big duck account :)
The dead one who gets referenced every now and then?
I can tell that you have not done much research.
AINT NOBODY FKN WITH TÓNTINOS
Held my puts through Thursday and Friday. Really need this one to crash.


Something weird is going on with that stock. Really interested seeing how Monday will look like.
 u/Uberkikz11  revised his earnings estimate down from 2ish to 1.49/share, based on some credit card data that he dug up. He suspects the share price may dip as low as 15. 

 https://twitter.com/RodAlzmann/status/1346624414708867072?s=20
Yeah Jack ma is hot as f
Fuckin dope
Meh. Bernie uses whatever is relevant to make his points about wealth. No threat there
Trucking is a profession not a motor club

Ninja edit: I forgot to bring the autism
I found it while browsing the penny stock sections of StockTwits. It was decently liquid and I was day trading. Obviously, I didn’t know it would take off like this but how many penny stocks do?
Yeah, if Cohen ends up taking over (my big fear is those asshorns will find a way to fight him off) I'll be so jacked to hold for years.  I'd only sell if there was a sudden and violent short squeeze, with the intention to buy right back in with even more after the drop.  WEWANTCOHEN
Yeah bear rug pull
It’s amazing to me subreddits like r/Sino are allowed to operate while subs like T_D and Trump get stamped out. They are actually doing what those other subs were accused of..
[deleted]
The prob with most ppl is that even when those pullbacks occur they expect it to continue indefinitely and don’t take profit/close positions. Those are the ones who are perpetually losing money.
Can't wait for the squeeze
I don’t know if you guys know this but I’m #3 shitposter of all time. Show a little respect plz
He was complaining about his ban in r/genzedong last I checked
So check out the footage. They can't say alien because you can't prove that definitively but the raw F-16 dashcam footage is of a tictac shaped thing that can accelerate hover and maneuver like no technology that the US has ever seen. Wild shit. The USS Nimitz, a nuclear super carrier currently enforcing american hegemony on the other side of the globe, was hunting these tictacs in the pacific in, I want to say, 2009. You don't send one of those on a wild goose chase
Nah just the tip
I'm a 12 year old bot
Confirmed much better plays out there
You have that chance again with PLTR
Canada is a resource extraction company with free health care provided.
I'm not sure how mainstream weed will be even if it is fully legalized, people aren't really hyped with cigarettes and marijuana has many similarities.
Fuck ones decent whiskey if you were a bear this week then Williams might be better for your pocket
I'm looking through this thread trying to find some form of sane logic, and I keep finding posts like this. Like have you been here at all recently? Do you honestly think one piece of DD on NIO would make any difference at all right now? It's literally the most talked about stock aside from Tesla right now. Like get real. Is this subreddit a conspiracy subreddit now? Fucking dumbasses.
Nice, my kind of options.
Sounds like communism to me.
he didn't disappear, you need to catch-up
I think more than a vw scirocco
Who tf is actually bullish on appl. They haven’t released a relevant product since Steve Jobs died
Ya I just hope nio hasn't run too far
the dragon was asleep for a few days she’ll wake
up this week
You got what you deserved then I hope you learned your lesson
F
Straddles and strangles dude
And that was also the start of the most momentous election season in mankind history, after a furious summer of nonstop vertical gains.
Died of starvation
Every time I go to /r/all or my facebook the entire thing is filled with political posts

Being on this sub and doing my DD has been keeping me anchored
Well done...🤔 u gotta find someone to sell it to ,cause volume on your call options is pretty dry tbh....
[removed]
Username checks out
I think we could see some loan forgiveness but $10k absolute max and even that seems like a fucking pipe dream.
Damn, you just singlehandedly destroyed Xi with a dick joke :(
[removed]
LBRT is a very interesting play. they had lawsuit left right and center all last year yet the stock only went up? I'm very sus and nobody is talking about. People who graduated from school of Mines is even being sent to work their. I am very interested to find out more on why it has gone up with the lawsuits and everything.
I’m buying leaps this week.
No it means bears are fucking losers
Thank you for your service in the protection of Tendie Town
All I do is come to wsb to get my gme confirmation  biased and stroke my cock during trading hours waiting for the big green dildo and try to plan my nut around it. Loaded to the tits baby🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Dude you aren’t even gonna lose 3k.
I see you took a 100 level programming class.
Fuck Bernie no one cares
I just shit on my Dads chest. Green for sure.
What is the threads definition of a penny stock?
>I considered Roman as a competitor at first but ultimately decided against it, since Roman appears to specifically focus on the male population and ignoring the female population.

Looks like you didn't do enough research then. 

[https://www.cnbc.com/2019/03/20/erectile-dysfunction-website-roman-launches-health-service-for-women.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/03/20/erectile-dysfunction-website-roman-launches-health-service-for-women.html#:~:text=The%20start%2Dup%20behind%20Roman,natural%20lubricants%2C%20among%20other%20treatments)

[https://www.hellorory.com/](https://www.hellorory.com/)

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ro\_(company)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ro_(company))
The first sign of weakness and the institutional investors will jump ship...  I think your pressing your luck with betting on TSLA going up another 20% before the rug pull.
The true NSFW version: the bear doesn’t make it out
Sorry I don't spend all my time on this dumb shit. Maybe if I was stupid and only cared about my country because I have no other personality traits.

We know the real citizens in China can't even talk to us without risking a VPN. So the Chinese people we end up dealing with are political shills and ultra-national weirdos that only post in shit like r/genzedong
Holy fuck yes I just got it too 😂😂😍
[removed]
Much less than 50k
[removed]
ICLN pleas fly again
Better spam the same thing over and over.


This is nowhere near September vibes, are you joking?
NIO, ICLN, G E V O
Murder
I hate eating there because I smell like the bread for the rest of the day.
😂😂😂 my bad
Haha he’s Venezuelan but I’m sure they’re similar
EAT FRESH
Oh my goodness.
genomic stonk
Cellular connectivity solutions for automotive has always been a low-volume, low-revenue and high effort game for the connectivity providers. 

Now don’t believe what you read on Google about what the A-company pays for the X55, but be assured that $90 is way way over the mark! On the other hand, an automotive will utilize a stripped down version of a full-blown Smartphone modem, probably restricted only to 5G and (maybe) LTE RATs, and that will also scale down the price of the other discrete components and IP.

Older QC0M royalty model: well, the industry got a lot more competitive over the years and QC0M has burnt itself badly over this, especially with the Antitrust in China. It would be foolish to even assume a unit sale pricing percentage model for automotive.

This is a very carefully crafted PR exercise as I see, probably a win-win for the companies. Dream on if you think this will actually end up ballooning the QC0M bottom-line!
My 90s nostalgia mixed names, quotes, and movies. Young guns is it.
Exactly. Xi Jinping does supervillain shit like that all that time. Yesterday he mutated laser eyes and learned how to fly too
So run up to ER then drop. So we’re good this week.
Cohen speaking about underpenetrated markets. Get ready 🐻 

[https://youtu.be/5Xzt84OY01g](https://youtu.be/5Xzt84OY01g)
Rotation back to Nio and Pltr?
FCEL calls to the fucking moon
genomic stonk to go all in tomorrow morning besides ARKG and something that hasn’t gone up 3x in the past month?
Was that so difficult? Don’t know why you’re sitting here writing essays about shit I don’t care about when you could have just given me the link in the first place.
yeah being in heavy shorts/puts right now is dumb as fuck

However we're going to have an inordinate number of tradeable pullbacks in the medium term. First one is coming soonish
Speak for yourself, bro. My nipples leak constantly.
FOMO
QS prayer circle how we feeling about tomorrow with the nice Friday Cramer pump 🚀
The sun will come up
id say you could do Costa Rica for as little as 20 bucks a day if you live modestly 100 bucks a day and your living like a king
I don't think anyone is going to need access to stores. Mom and pop are going to dominate numbers wise than chain stores. Not going to be much value in retail....
Can't really call it shitty if its consistently going up for the last 3 months. Once Joey B takes office it when it will really take off
You can live for free in the jungle
[deleted]
If the Chicago Bears lose today, does that mean Bears get revenge tomorrow? 🤔
[deleted]
TSLA⛷
Watch my feb slv 25c gld 175c calls print
I shorted PLTR all the way up
it sounds pretty normal if you're in lockdown right now
this is a good question, let me know if u get an answer
Gtfo ccp
Seems like PLTR 27-28 has been fairly safe the last few weeks
TWTR might get institutional love to prop it up, but FB will probably move in line with tech
It’s your job to keep her mouth full.
🚀🚀🚀
Joining steel gang Monday
Please limit your use of emoticons to 4 per comment. Thank you
Yes.
Rh just enabled 0dte for me 

Idk what I did to deserve a gift like this but thank you
What do we if chinaman right? I for one, am a patriot, and will be buying Nio puts if it has another killer day.
EAT STRIPE
Like the elephant man ?
Evan
Poor Timmy a youngling whom stumbled across wallstreetbets and got addicted to fd’s
And stimi checks
What benefit is there to spreading negative sentiment, when this is a 100% guess?
wanda group wanda group wanda group, amc is about to go buck fuckin wild.
Not American, but kewl.  My government is not perfect and I'm aware of that. However if we were presently segregating a group of people in the millions, destroying their history, culture and separating families. Youre fucking right we would ALL be against our government. Cause that is fucked up. Very few government is perfect. And if I had to choose between the US or China, I'd happily pick the US even with everything you mentioned. Better than being a part of holocaust 2.0.
[deleted]
Don't get me started.  That thing was a lock, I thought.
The contracts are near worthless so nothing to rollover. Not without a debit that is.
No eventually your debt will superceed. Trust me been down this road 10 times.
I’d choose AOC if she would promise not to express any opinions or talk
https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/1348253256330276867

The dems are coming after Musk hardcore. I would be worried about those calls. Hes gonna be Jack Ma'ed
Pathetic.
Just saw a bear shitting in the woods. Green Monday confirmed.
I have PTSD from September and you triggered me, transfer me 10 ICLN  calls immediately and I'll forgive you
IQ is either 69 or 420, I'm not sure and it doesn't matter. Autistic? No. Genius? Yes.
In before Petco is a meme just because of the ticker WOOF
Isn't Karsan's bid EV as well?
PSTH rowblocks
Every month at least for swing trading . If I profit more than 20k I always just pull the 30% (your tax rate may be different based on your income). When I inevitably  save more than needed I get to put it back on the table which is psychologically rewarding .
[deleted]
nope, biden walked back on it
Really appreciate that.
MP Materials has some potential as well. I am in both.
PSTH
saints more like the aints

go bear
This is your daily reminder that 65% of client accounts are short on this market.
Why are you building a PC, RH is a mobile app smh.
GOEV 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 

Fixed it for you. GOEV is a solid move with or without partnership with AAPL. There's enough talk between AAPL, HYMTF, and GOEV to create some rumors hype. For a currently $15 SP I'll sign on for a company that'll definitely gain me money. Already in at 14.
I swear I saw that user on r/sino last night but his post history was wiped. 

If you ever want to see how China is trying to influence Reddit go to that sub and look at everyone’s post history. Seen so many posing as Americans in economics or leftist subs and starting pro-China conversation.
What's up with PSTH? Announcement this week or after inaugaration?
[removed]
Language, yelling, no emoticons, too long  -4
Anybody know how much you need to make to live somewhere in latin america like Colombia, costa rica, panama etc. for a year without working? 50,000$ maybe? Im not looking to live like a king or anything
Powerball ticket.
That theta tho
MY POINT WAS..... "They are perfect for acquisition"

Because it will the acquiring company access to 60 stores in Florida.
All this GOEV talk is making me hard, I’m bought Friday during power hour, already up, and ready to blast
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets_getting_infiltrated_by_ccp/


There you go. They're all here and not hard to find. I gave you a hint. I'm not interested in convincing you because you've demonstrated you aren't worth convincing. Maybe you'll look into it.

If you can't even read the discussion before you form your opinion then your opinion is worth nothing.
What about OP’s call for june 2021 at $797, does it mean OP is speculating stock price will go down again? Also apologies for the ignorance.
this is not the way
steel gang reporting in for duty X MT, VALE
Aliens = 🚀🚀🚀🚀

They will hack into the stock market and just edit the numbers to massive gains and we won't have the technology to stop them. They will also threaten us to give them more natural resources while they give us some alien tech. They might even give us a million miles battery design. Countries will no longer be at war with other humans because now the existence of aliens and potential human extinction is more possible. Stonks to the moon.
we don’t care anymore
[deleted]
Man the market has been on hard mode since September . Even one week of easy mode seems like a dream and some of us expect to get fucked again from tomorrow 😏

Hope the bull market continues this week
Do you even remember Battery day bro?
Musk is the richest in the world and Bernie is a communist so hes the highest target
You ready to sell some ass?
I wonder if u/notccpbot was executed by the ccp for blowing his cover
I mean, look at the dudes name lmao.
It’s not like he was lying in his post or giving us false financial numbers. It was actually quite insightful. I never knew about NIO houses before. That seems absolutely insane.
And what are they innovating?
I just bought F puts 😩
Problem is Tesla is a retard stock with retard strength and timing the crash is going to be harder than finding a needle in a haystack
tontino pizza rolls sound good tho
Everybody on the tsla put train now. I'd take that into account.
when the best ticker the daily thread can pump is some shitty/overbought meme (ICLN), I know the market about to go to shit
probably sick earnings (webinar on TUE) and merger
[removed]
Canada is like the younger sibling who your parents (Europe) love more so they think they’re the superior kid.
LOL, it’s Cloudflare and they don’t do the same shit.
I remember NIO at like $3 in March/April and I didn't jump in. I was a 🌈🐻 back then.
Who cares
ALB not more focussed on Lithium than Vale?
Hey look another flat week to cuck monthly calls before expiration
[removed]
Remember when DDD spiked on Friday. That's when I bought weeklies for 1/15 🤡. I hope it opens green so I can get out of that lmao.
September vibes ngl🤡💀💀
The top line is resistance and the bottom line is support. Since resistance becomes support once its broken, so if we see the stock use that line as support on Monday then it should be the start of a new trend. (at least thats what I understand about TA).
Those god damn Hawks losing to a qb with a broken thumb. 2021 keeps on giving
GGB??
Porque no los dos?
I ain’t no puss. I take the 12
[deleted]
yup, what car maker do you know that starts off with a hyper car. even better its one that Hammond did not smash
It's been working for 80 years, stop worrying! The only time we started paying down the debt we got a recession!
G E V O
Did I say that? No, you interpreted that in order to ignore the point, and to maintain the bias you have. This place is a wicked echo chamber.

Like I said, this place is a cult, and it is astounding how easily led people are. 

WSB's is a cult, try speaking truth about a meme stock. 

My point is simple, nobody is actually processing events in a rational and factual way, especially reddit and WSB. They process everything based on emotion, and if you hang around this place you can make a lot of money of the irrationality of the masses. TSLA is proof of this.
Do it puss, we don’t care if you’re poor
No we said puts
Someone give me a cheap play for this week plz 🙏
Probably also has a special ruler for his tiny wiener
 I kinda feel like you're right then another part of me sees that there is special kind of retard strength in this one.  A strength I haven't felt since....
Let's say, hypothetically, my calls are all worthless. Should I hold til expiry?
Buy some coke, make crack rocks, move to DC and sell them. If you get arrested, just call Kim K and ask her to get you a pardon from 🥭.
Here Here!
Fuck but fuck yes
Retard.
WEED, APHA/TLRY, GTII, CL, CURA, CRON.
Does anyone who looks at BABA’s chart actually think it’s a good time to buy.  I see a downtrend, with no sign of recovery yet.  I’ll stay away from trying to time the bottom and get in when things are on the up and up.
Yeah I understand all that. My question is really in a nutshell: Why do people say that money has been flowing from bonds into equities during corona? If anything falling yields indicate money flowing IN to bonds?
ok.. soo... how does this work?
google Vyleesi
PLTR is not going tits up, not even close
Can NIO still go to the moon th0?
Profit taking coupled with short entries, I’ve seen this play out before, I’d expect it to drop back to 600$ range
Both
For my browns sake hope this plays out
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/strange-but-true-males-can-lactate/

Yea huh
Lol
Btfdf
Why would nio get delisted
Def looking at ICLN Leaps around 40-50 obviously, but whats the moves for NIO? Leaps or just out to April or so
[deleted]
Somebody is going to be set for life thanks to TSLA puts eventually, but for every one of those there’ll be hundreds who lose it all. Basically, good luck!
😵
NEW THREAD:  TONTINO GANG RISE THE FUCK UP. THE GREAT SILVER FOX IS ABOUT TO GAPE SOME BEAR ASSHOLES AS HE TAKES US TO THE STRIPED VALHALLLLAALAAAAAAAA
Just a heads up, the last time TSLA reached this level of mania, the only reason why it dropped was cause of a global market crash
Well yes but technically yes.
Damn I’m retarded, all I saw was the word Tesla and sedan😭. Every news article is on nio even tho I google Tesla news wtf
How do I do this? ELI5 please. I'm eligible for any trading but I don't know exactly how to do this. As I said I'm on TD and just started this year. Probably no better time to start in the history of the market. I don't have any knowledge of how to trade other than buying commons. I don't mean to pester you but If you could "hold my hand" through this I'd appreciate it. Hopefully you're also using TD.
GOING FULL CANOO BOYZ GET ME MY FUCKIN PADDLE 🛶🛶🚣🚣‍♂️🚣‍♀️🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀👄
LOL sure.
Six
Then don’t short TSLA. Nothing good ever comes from trying to short TSLA. Week after week, retards here shorting TSLA. What do they get? 

#FUK
i love u
Gottem
No I have a LL bean jacket thanks
370 shares at a 7.01 avg. my leaps green now too. If we back test sub 7 I will continue to load shares and leaps. bb might not have the meme steam like pltr or nio for multi day/multi week runs. But I’m long term bullish- leaps and shares is the way until Chen starts name dropping
OMG, what landscaping company will this next rally be held at??
I mean why do you care where the wave goes? You guys praise a billionaire that encourages coups lmao
Won’t be Subway, it’ll be Impossible.
I could see your government messing with the thermometers too to ensure they fit your chairman’s liking
ah welcome, Mr. President-elect
🙋🏻
Don’t rollover and play dead tho
How many times do we have to teach you old man? Stonks go up
SLA
Its funny the ccp bot called itself "notccpbot"
It's the thought that counts!
Yes that is literally what he was saying
I'm a Gen Z with $10 000 invested. Thanks student loans and living at home. Apparently I'm beating those poor mellenials.
Every Green Day is one closer to THE red one. It’s like doing that elastic band running workout. You’re only getting so far away from the start before you get ripped back. 

3 months of time should be enough but I don’t know any more than you do. I’ll either find a cheap entry (which might not be possible with this IV) or just take it off my watch list and stay away from it.
AAPL 140 eod tomorrow
True tho 💸💸💸
what sources moron? I’ve read this whole thread. Give me a link or shut the fuck up.
It looks like an article on Nio, not Tesla ?
Hey I have one of those, time for more options
CRSR pleas go uppies
This int r/investing this is WSB. We play weeklies here and give about zero fucks about owning the company.
Any news on PENN?
True. Im not sure CCP actually has someone on the board or directors. How would they know if luckin was fake? Same as Nikola, which is still taking in peoples money as we speak.
I’m in for a staggering 1 share
🔮🔮Big tech tanking tomorrow bringing down the market.🔮🔮
[removed]
Thank you!
[4:30 PM EST](https://news.gamestop.com/home)
Real talk are march TSLA 1,000 strike calls the move. This sub has been gay as fuck in regards to TSLA this weekend. I dont see this behemoth dropping, at least not soon
Same
Please dip tomorrow
Here are my moves for tomorrow:

**A**APL

**O**RCL

**C**MCSA

**F**

**E**CL

**E**QIX

**T**SLA

**P**G

**I**CLN

**C**RM

**S**PY
just buy the BA dip; don't short TSLA, or do it, it's gonna be your funeral :S
I did sell my NIO calls and my BABA stock (both up) but the BABA calls were already down 80% so I figured maybe there is some upside. I think I've learned not to buy LEAPs that  cost more than $2k--but I'm about to buy some SQ leaps that cost that much tomorrow I think....
Do they come with a complimentary Pooh bear?
**Daily reminder rug pull tomorrow.**

P.S Where is that daily reminder dude?
Any penny stocks that will make me a million dollars
What kind of weirdo argument is that? LOL honestly I'm suspicious how you managed to get all these upvotes with such a lack of any credible evidence AT ALL. Something tells me you're using bots and a brigade from some Trump supporters subreddits.
Should I drink Jameson or Evan Williams rn?
What happens when you add Elon Musk to the mix?
that :)
Freedom of speech is a magical thing
Yolo on this one 🚀🚀🚀
September vibes ngl 🤡
Car without doors are super bullish
Doesn't matter, Dems love their regulations and conservatives are really really pissed right now. Like appease the masses level pissed.

 They'd like nothing better then to call it a monopoly slap them with antitrust lawsuits and look like the good guy.

I could totally see them taking a swipe at FAANG
I already own a bunch of TSMC
They deleted all her underage stuff
You're a a sexist punk.  Absolute trash.
Steel Daddy is our prophet, he will lead us to promised land 🚀🚀🚀
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuls8g/what_half_of_the_dds_posts_sound_like_to_me/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
Idk but i got some 1/15 $30 cuz im a degenerate gambler
Im just seeing too many finally people selling their shit. Which is why I said I see it flattening for a week or two before selling off
gasoline
Is it a bad idea to buy into QCLN for the TSLA and NIO exposure?

Am I going to suffer just as badly as if I bought TSLA when the EV bubble corrects tmo?
No fucking idea what my play is tomorrow. TSLA FD, NIO LEAPS, SRPT Monthlies....
Not even forgetting that the times I've heard stories about boomers spending the entirety of their money on cruises and donating it all to pet shelters or some other shit leaving their next generation starting from 0. 

I'm lucky enough that my parents understand the importance of trying to leave something for us, and I'll do the same for my kids, but  there is a weird culture of boomers eating their parents cake, their cake, and their childrens cake as well because "they deserve it"

What can you expect from a generation that was basically handed the greatest economy in the world and then believed that they were a contributing factor to it being the greatest economy. As much as I hate saying studies have shown X thing to be true, but when people are started in a game of monopoly with more cash than other players, when they win, they are more likely to feel like it wasn't due to their starting circumstances and more likely due to their skill at the game and maneuvering during the game. 

There is going to be something big that happens in the future when millenials feel like they're playing a rigged game that they can't win. Especially men who feel like they can't start a family because women don't view them as viable suitors due to their economic status. Its not a far fetched idea to say that a generation of men with no stake in society doing well and feel disenfranchised is something that makes for social upheaval.
This guy premarkets
Hey that tax write off tho
[removed]
The numbers don’t lie.
Earnings season? political madness ? & covid 2.0 ? *smiles in PUTS*
Good chance it corrects post merger especially if we have any volatility around that time. That is when i will be entering. If not, oh well
so you are also inserting your opinion about what's going on in this thread without reading most of the top level comments. In this post. Because if you read, RIGHT HERE, with sources cited, these aren't questions you'd be asking
My name is the US.
Haha I feel the exact same. I still have 30-40 years left until retirement. That's plenty of time for shit to go wrong and for me to end up in the food stamp line (like the coal miners of yesterday, or the truck drivers of the near future). Devaluation of the USD is probably coming up quick and I doubt salaries will be quick to adjust.
See you in a couple days there
Stinks like bears in here. 

They are presenting under tech. Why would ICR allow that for a brick and mortar store? 

Support at 17 seemed super strong this week, like it could have been big buyers, i dont have the actual prints or anything, but every dip to 17 got bought thr fuck up. Seems likeit *could* be Cohen increasing his stake. I have no positions but have been edging to the GME chart all day. Obviously charts go out the window if they bone the ICR, but this just seems weird that they present during tech. I think there is some kind of news
Acquire and transform Subway into a smaller, leaner plant based shop with decent bread and we’ve got a winner. 🥖🥖🥖💰
\>  investing in these companies 

I'm  just here for the pump and dump bro.
And the loser gets slimed.
Wait for PLTR to dip again so I can snag more shares and prolly yolo into IPOE since they helped bigly with my refinancing so I could by a crib. SoFine.
Cathie gang
it's a small car, what do you expect.

in Europe, every 2nd car on the streets looks like that
DMY D a great way to play this
[deleted]
If everybody tells you to buy something that means that literally everybody already bought it (or else they wouldn't recommend it). So puts is not stupid
Anyone else here jacket to futures?
Leaps are very low iv right now
[deleted]
Here you go! https://imgur.com/gallery/RlpgD3X
Search on 2nd page lf WSB something. It's on WeChat and I don't speak Chinese lol
So brave. Live your truth bro
I don’t speak this language
Nuh uh
So assuming you are American, your government not only keeps “terrorists” without legal procedures in camps (meaning: there are a couple examples of men that were incorrectly thought to be a terrorist, including Europeans, that enjoyed these camps) and your lovely president desperater Mexican families and has lost a ton of kids in the progress.
Buy Nio!!!!  Taiwan bad.  Uighurs learning so much at school!  Me no Chinese shill.  Stocks always up! Father Elon is daddy buy GameStand yeet
There’s a reason their shills are here. Of course we’re not going to bring down the CCP or stop even a significant number of investors from pumping Chinese SOEs. But we can’t spread a bit of awareness and knowledge so that ordinary people are aware of the political risks that come with piling into Chinese companies.
that's not what i said
[deleted]
Don’t go all in until post inauguration, still the smallest possibility that trump admin goes scorched earth and delists as many Chinese companies as possible. Maybe go 50% till then
Down a grand betting nfl this weekend, had the hawks and titans.  Going with the Steelers tonight. Going in for 750



Watch me go 0-3.
MGA
which company, AIR CRASH INTERNATIONAL?
BILI and PENN for me
11 hours 15 minutes from now
$21C 3/19 and $22/C 4/16
Your CCP friend got banned. Go cry
At least I’m not a bear
Who cares. As long as the Russell 2000 and the nasdaq are on point.
And the other half?
LTR
r/China is the anti-China sub lol, this shit is fucking hilarious.
I just took the L and put the rest into Tesla now. I don't even care if it falls imma just hold.
Have you tried googling it? Or is that "censored" too?
If you couldn't tell he was joking puts on you bro
I'm new. I'm speculating earnings will be great too (iphones, m1 macs, airpods). How do i play earnings? Gimme strikes and dates
https://i.imgur.com/mkzRzka.jpg

Lol
We can lactate tho
Hello toxically masculine OP. 

We don’t say “retards” any more. Just like we don’t say things are “gay” when we mean stupid. 

Thanks
If wasn’t all in plug calls, I’d give you gold
OP:

Mod🍆🚀Op😮
I have nipples can you milk me focker?
Will the market moon on Inauguration Day?
Are you actually serious right now? It's hard to tell these days. So many actual stupid people out there.
Bullish.
Except we don’t have concentration camps and aren’t a dictatorship
LTR
P
?
One hour and eighteen minutes!!!
I’m going to go ahead and assume that they’re going to create and put more activities on the account before infiltrating wsb again
still waiting for cyberpunk patches
That’s not PLTR
looks like a GOLF GTI
There are... other Romanians on WSB?
Bears are more scared of you than you are of them.
It would be nice if conservatives can yell USA and PLTR AT THE SAME TIME
I posted the below in a similar thread:  
$GOEV/Canoo's Twitter/Instagram post may actually be an Apple/Hyundai engineering partnership. "We’re ready to keep \*\*engineering the impossible\*\* in 2021. 🏗️🔋🤝📍📲"

Key word: ENGINEERING. Battery (skateboard platform), Partnership (Apple?), Location, Incoming location or Iphone?

Per this article: [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html)

"The report said Hyundai and Apple plan to release a "beta version" of Apple cars next year."

Hyundai is using Canoo to engineer it's own EV vehicles. How would Apple and Hyundai release a Beta Icar within 1 year when Hyundai does not even have it's OWN platform yet? They will use Canoo's skateboard engineering technology (already has 50+ crash tests performed) to rapidly speed up production of Apple's car. Apple will provide designs (aka tophat)/screens/Apple tech, Canoo will provide skateboard platform/engineering and Hyundai will manufacture.
Ah yes, an owner who has absolutely no say in how that business is ran
That's how you can tell we're living in a simulation. The names fit!
Tesla to $2000 by the end of the year.
[removed]
Why do I get a feeling GOEV is gonna pump
You're fine. CCP can suck a fat dick though.
for earnings yes
God forbid you said 'TSLA will pullback'. How dare you say a stock that is overvalued to pluto and back, a meme stock/company that did not introduce not a single new thing since March but is x10 the price ... will in fact PULL BACK ? Don't you know TSLA only move up ?????????
[removed]
mommy and daddy gov need guns to enforce gun legislation. were they the ones killing over at the capitol the other day? wuz up wit dat?
Wait, does everyone have same day expiration trading now on Robinhood?

GLD 175c 1/15
I chose not to accept your facts. First!
Yeah that’s something you do closeted. Just don’t be all up in our faces about it.
Why would he? And what does that have to do with the post retard?
11 hours and 28 minutes from now
1 hour until futures don't matter
[removed]
We’re all gay autistic retards on this fine day.
no
1k? lol try 2k
Prob just TSLA again when it never goes down. I just like to get off the train when I get a few great days out of it.
Tell me your positions so I can set a reminder ty
Yall be tripping about the ccp.  Should be more worried about master elon coming in here..
STH
Did you enjoy seeing Tesla bears get gaped all year? Well now you get to enjoy it again with NIO and Tesla lmfaoooo
We all knew you’d eat 6 inches for dinner
MU might better for more growth potential, or buy both
Is it hard being obtuse on purpose. There's always deniability with a burner account. That's the point of a burner.
EV possible federal credits for ev vehicles again. Also anytime money is pumped into retarded hands they dumb that shit into Tesla.
People kept crashing it by loving it too much and I had to make it private again. I want to do something about it tho, people dig it.
I'm unable to trade NIO on my account so I'm left with drooling from the side and checking my TSLA gains. I will be very much surprised if after all the weekend hype (in general) NIO will not be +$5 EOD.
Male nipples don’t even produce any type of venom and that bothers me every single day.
If they get 15% of the companies moneys, what woukd one call that, but an owner?
Pretty much.
[deleted]
All those sleepless nights praying for guidance.

Edit: Kaitlan Collins was always hotter.
[deleted]
Neither. Leave Twitter alone it’s just gonna trade sideways forever.
if CES 2021 is successfully with being all virtual this year, put on all Vegas hotels
[removed]
u/savevideo
[removed]
Tighten it up
Wow completely missed the joke lmao
I'm sick of all these anti-china business propaganda posts. China isn't some tyrannical boogeyman. Their businesses are as safe and legit as any other country's businesses. Their CEOs can even talk trash against the government and not even mysteriously disappear
Fuck china
That was bc they thought they helped the GOP win that election
Nah bro take those profits if you see that shit.  Breaking out the top of an upward trend will pullback to the bottom of the channel.  Or your lines are wrong and the lines should be higher.
41 minutes late bro
Leeeerrooooooy.... aaahhh JEEENKEEENNSSSSS!!!!!
I test drove the model s and would never choose that over an S class. I much prefer luxury that costs me $300 for an oil change than to have an overpriced pos. I love tesla and what they are trying to do but their product is inferior to a benz.
What catalysts
buy fear, sell safety
So why pull the plug on NIO specifically? Why not pull the carpet on the hundreds of other Chinese stocks that has been existence for many decade? Sure this is possibility but this will backfire epically on CCP in the international stage. 

Why pull The rug on NIO when you can pull the plug on JD BABA etc with way bigger market cap and institutional ownership. That would be way bigger fuck you and will actually destroy numerous western institution that owns a lot of stake on these big giants. 

It’s unfair to compare this to what is happening in HK. China never moves on their stance when it comes to  sovereign and dissent. 

But when it’s come to economic. That is literally CCP’s one and only goal. They know their power internally and externally comes from their economy. Fucking with international money like this is literally doom for the CCP. 

They have way bigger incentive to keep this going than any other country in the world. 

USA is more likely to fuck over investor in Chinese company by pulling the plug on their end than China doing this. 

Hate the CCP for their action in human rights and Democracy but as an investor you have to understand China is the only country in the world that place economy above literally all else. 

Is this fuckery by CCP possible? Yes. It’s it likely that CCP will do this and kill its economy hold on the world? Think about it carefully and you will realize the answer is a hard no.
I want mine in CCP red!
Not vaccinating half the population in 2 months. Half the population will either have had Covid or gotten vaccinated.
haha that's crazy. Different announcers than on CBS
Awesome. Tuning into Cathie’s webinar but will keep an eye here to see if he’s making an appearance. If not, I’ll average down on the inevitable dip.
But uncertainty not good though
[deleted]
Yes, CCP will reward your devotion to their cause.
Is that a deepfake of Mark Wahlberg?
But maybe
🇨🇦🌞🎛👉1️⃣💰
Hehe this is a Michael Jackson weed stock
Is this an inside tip?
Merger coming up on the 19th confirmed? Could you also link the post made by Kylie from Instagram?
What about tasha ?
More than everything else regardless. STEM is always in demand and can go non-traditional routes far, far, more easier than a sociology degree.
Honestly I don’t mind that number. Just want to cut my losses at this point
Tldr, NIO going to the moon and Reagan been in hell
Ghiv catalysts this week and next merger this month
I wouldn't disclose that publicly
why ?
Hating the weekdays because I can go to work and make money: ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️

Loving the weekdays because I can lose all my money on the stockmarket: 
📈
📈
📈
📈
📈
📈
Cup and handle in my ass
yeah imma just pick up some nice cheap 1/15 and hope for the best
P
I look up tickers on there.. interesting results.
Stonks go 📈
Bro tesla been having the biggest fattest green spikes for a while now. I don’t doubt it’ll go down eventually, but know that trying to time is is really expensive in itself.
Plz daddy
Man i like money
I’d knock the bottom outta dat poosay
[removed]
Nothing, but GM has continued there partnership with them and has more oversight over the company.
Yes, partnership announcement soon supposedly
Yeah.. i need to just buy shares hahah and forget about it
RemindMe! 1 Day
What would be defined as high IV for LEAPS, i.e. where would you cut it off for calling it too high?
Officer, this is the guy
Mods have puts on $NIO so this post was singled out.
Lol
Tsla calls
So they can't signal. Can they engineer though?
alos ee this post

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku17wx/tsla\_and\_nio\_to\_the\_moon\_boys/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku17wx/tsla_and_nio_to_the_moon_boys/)

[https://www.reddit.com/user/alexm210801/comments/](https://www.reddit.com/user/alexm210801/comments/)

[https://www.reddit.com/r/ecommerce/comments/ds5rju/vendyu\_ecommerce\_site\_review/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ecommerce/comments/ds5rju/vendyu_ecommerce_site_review/)
He's anti China because he asked where Jack is? Where is he then?

Fuck the CCP
Tesla just dropped a new variant of the Model Y good luck
NIO's focused on the luxury brand of vehicles, that means in a few years we'll be arguing about what color NIO to get, and not what color Lambo.
Lol I like that
Check other historical delisted stocks. I'm guessing it either pays out or gets zeroed. Probably dependent on if you can trade the stock after delisting announcement but prior to actual delisting. I highly doubt it'll happen though, NYSE already refused an EO to delist other 🇨🇳 companies.
Ban for suggesting ban
r/wallstreetbets is about making money, not politics. Only find bulls, bears and roos here.
QCLN faster growth
“Buy the rumor”
More nio
New price target for nio from BOA
Kinda crazy that wsb is better at fighting the ccp than the us government
You son of a bitch I'm in
Housing prices will skyrocket
Yes.
I hope rallying
All posts are propaganda, mods have puts on $NIO confirmed.
What real concerns did he raise? Where is the proof they're even part of the government? There is literally no evidence.
Lmao no, they have like 3 a day
Stick around here for long enough and you’ll get used to it
There are qualified (which you get to keep your long-term status) and unqualified calls (which you lose your long-term status).  Weeklies are definitely unqualified.  Look that up.
I thought he was more into sniffing but I’ll allow it
He was funding the contras, but tbf he tried to avoid talking about it
Ban for complaining
I mean... reversing yourself sometimes works. You’re autistic but I admire it
Love this ticker, in heavy on shares and waiting for the right time to buy calls.. was going to purchase this week with my 2020 bonus but going to wait and see if IV comes down in the coming weeks
Guys so what to do with the NIO, LI, XPEV and any other hot stock like PDD???


I've been debating EVERY-SINGLE-DAY if I clear my positions in all Chinese companies or not.

People say that the Biden Presidency will reach a compromise. Is it true? Who knows?

In any case I really don't see how the CCP will start allowing foreign auditing companies to check on their books. First we will see war over this.
Nice job OP, you dumb fucking moron
It's French for tendie.
Lol just did 587 to win 97 hopefully pays for dinner tonight
ICLN every single time
Got 10k for a yolo. Thinking TSM March calls
Soooo.... tesla calls?
How are stock buy backs different than dividends?
position?
based af
This is the way
```all business done in China could potentially be illegitimate.```

Seeing as how they stole all the IP to build these businesses in the first place, I'd say this is a fair position  to take.
I said twtr not tsla retard 🤭
And what of PLTR? It's very immoral to invest in them.
GROW THE FUCK UP BOOMER 🏳️‍🌈🐻
thank you, really helpful.
That's because there's only one flight to Oklahoma each year
I'm a high ranking CCP official and I'm very scared. You brave redditors are powerful and euphoric. I have a lot of evil plans but they get foiled by intelligent redditors like you
At first I thought Kayleigh Mcenany was hot, but lately she’s been looking little rough
Will my BABA 400c expiring in a year print?
The dawn of next week is upon us. May the tendies continue to roll in inshallah
Canoo instead.
market opens, money flies around us like tards in a money booth, some of us grab a few dollirs due to them getting stuck in our drool, the rest of us absentmindedly twist our dongs while we watch in awe.
Can always count on you to have my back whenever I decide to be a 🌈🐻 you’re literally the only person on here with a consistent bearish outlook and I love it
tomorrows thread: GME/PLTR with a bunch of rocket emojis by people who can't cut their losses and move on
You good think student loans are actually gonna get cancelled in this term?
anything out of china is ripe with fraud

dump that shit
ICLN $35c Jan 2022 Leaps checking in 💪
Joe buyden is going to be our star gimp this year
I don’t. All depends on buyers/sellers ratio
CMC MT VALE STLD
I mean, Cathie's great and we all love her, but AOC 😍😍😍
that’s a joke
DA BEARSE WILL BE BACK WHERE DEY BELONG IN DA PLAYOFFS. BEARSE 107, AINTS NEGATIVE 6
That's a brainlet take if I've ever heard one
Sorry bro
Next retard to mention a possible cup and handle forming gets the hose.
IDK, the Dems were the first to go after tech this way in 2016. Silicon valley might just be playing nice with the new leadership but backlash over this might push some vulnerable Dems into action across party lines. The Senate is still pretty close.

Either way I wouldn't rule it out and keep an eye on the headlines.
So your big time evidence is that someone talked about one of the most talked about stocks on this subreddit? You can't even post on the subreddit until at least a month after making an   
 account. LOL holy shit people are literal nutjobs these days. You actually think someone from their government would use a username like that too? This is just plain weird. And that the mods agreed is even more weird.
yes
[deleted]
Remindme! 1000 years
Join in the waters fine
check out https://www.reddit.com/user/3STmotivation history
No
Isn’t there a GME conference or something on Monday? What time?
Wish I had Bill’s hair. Mine’s doing a Bezos
Have you heard of PLTR?
I think puts. Will likely open around 850 Monday
Think I’m gonna turn $1250 into $4000 tomorrow :)
Hmm.. musk has a point...
What’s that, 1200 to win 100? No thanks. Sounds like theta gang
NIO, APPLE, TESLA, and ICLN are the plays for next 2-3 months. Buy leaps on the dips, boys. Green dildos for all the bears coming up.
Love South Korea and Hyundai honestly, but this is a slap in the face to America. Why would you not use an America car manufacturer? This is something America does,  cars. This is a big mistake. This story cements Tesla as the next great American product and success story.  Apple is putting itself at risk for hurting its brand with this move and other recent political moves. Censorship, App Store abuse (epic games), etc.
Lose a bunch of money?

You mean the shorts who lost billions last year...right? 😂👌
WSB is truely America at it’s best, scary yet comforting
Probably. Could dip large tomorrow anyways based on the crash news. 

Even if that plane was 30 yrs old, boomers do lots of panic selling.
Thanks random DD from back in early September than I was down 50% on in the first two weeks but I'm now up over 300% and my LEAPs don't expire for a year!
Anyone shorting Tesla here ?
Regardless of how workable it is, it’s enough that the threat is still there, adding yet another layer of political and regulatory risk to investing in Chinese companies.

And I agree with you—it’ll work exactly once, which is why I don’t expect it to happen tomorrow. I think the chances of it happening will increase with time, after SOEs have had more occasion to siphon away money, power, and IP from foreign investors and state-mandated JVs. The pull will come when the CCP believe they and their companies are strong enough to weather it. Then I think they’ll do what they did with steel: flood various markets with basement-price products companies in the rest of the world can’t compete with. Then they’ll be the only game in town.

The CCP have proven very adept at economic warfare. This will be their ultimate gambit, I think, unless the rest of the world wises up.
🤡🤡🤡
Only way that can happen is if Joe Biden sucks your tits
You're thinking about the laws the way they are written now and not how they will be written. The amount of stores that will open is MASSIVE. The shelf space available will be MASSIVE. Having to stock your own shelves rather than distribute your brand will be a bummer. 

We're talking thousands and thousands of stores opening with empty shelves. 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
$GOEV/Canoo's Twitter/Instagram post may actually be an Apple/Hyundai engineering partnership. "We’re ready to keep \*\*engineering the impossible\*\* in 2021. 🏗️🔋🤝📍📲"  


Key word: ENGINEERING. Battery (skateboard platform), Partnership (Apple?), Location, Incoming location or Iphone?  


Per this article: [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html)  


"The report said Hyundai and Apple plan to release a "beta version" of Apple cars next year."  


Hyundai is using Canoo to engineer it's own EV vehicles. How would Apple and Hyundai release a Beta Icar within 1 year when Hyundai does not even have it's OWN platform yet? They will use Canoo's skateboard engineering technology (already has 50+ crash tests performed) to rapidly speed up production of Apple's car. Apple will provide designs (aka tophat)/screens/Apple tech, Canoo will provide skateboard platform/engineering and Hyundai will manufacture.
Most of us here have a screw or two loose. I compare  this to some other companies and they need T I M E and Great Management to turn it around.  Ryan Cohen sounds like he's willing to go the whole ride so, why sell now?
No one is doubting long term rises. Most bears are just commenting about upcoming pullbacks
Lmao facts
Retard
Parler being banned by everyone could be good for twtr tho. Might do calls
lol
[deleted]
Man loosing money sucks.
Yikes. For medical research funding, Chinese nationals can no longer apply for scientific grants. Even if they're doing a PhD in the UK, the research councils won't fund their work. Really sad for science, tbh, but China's business practices are abhorrent for many fields.
You mean in 5 days?
I mean she’s like 59 close enough loool
le elon musk big chungus shits on 🌈🐻
70c 1/22.  💯💯
> For these early ‘apple cars’ it’s probably going to be whatever EV is latest in development by Hyundai but retrofitted with Apple’s self driving tech.

Not true. The AAPL battery team is working on vehicle batteries, and I believe they have a patent on this.
Maybe it was jack ma undercover
it is high time
You aren’t paying for an education you’re paying to get laid and party. How is that a scam?? It’s an incredible deal
“The price of freedom is eternal DD”
Just buy shares and hold man fuck everything else
I feel like I need to start commenting random crap on here now. Just in case I try to make a legit post someday...
What’s fb doin tomorrow boiz?
Is GOEV the play?
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Holding 14k in LEAPS. 

See you in Valhalla.
82 minutes til life matters again
[deleted]
Bears about to get wrecked like always.
Language and yelling. -2
New a guy that went as far as falsifying documents
No parody yet? Darn
How to short OTC stocks?
CLOV? Late to the game myself but probably jumping in.
All I want is to see the Bears double doink a game winning field goal and then have Matt Nagy get slimed
[deleted]
Bad entry point though
Is your name Bernie? Bernie made off with the money?
ICLN is going to make so many WSB millionaires over the next year... I am so erect after last week I might pass out if we hit $40 EOW
If it makes us money it makes us money fam.
[removed]
That’s gonna be a no for me, dawg
[removed]
You sir are fuked
But especially the silver
hOw DiD ElOn GeT sO RIch?!

Pump and dump the chumps
think a slightly OTM weekly would print?
Lol k
Puts
It rose 20% in the past 5 days. I'm just keeping an eye on a small correction to jump in. If all else fails, I'll probably still buy into a lesser degree and wait for a dip for calls.
My nips gettin hard thinking about these futes
I dont have enough money to both short TSLA and buy the BA dip :-/
Bullshit.

The leadup to 2008 involved the manipulation of loan ratings. It started in the US and spread into European markets. 

Unless Jack Ma is in control of the Chinese market for mortgages
We just keep leaping years in our guidance whenever bearish events happen. Never fails. ☝
Saints ML?
Both
Nah, Tesla just got a massive subsidy from California.  That shit is gonna keep mooning.  NIO gonna moon too tho.
I played that game on Friday. I was at Menards following my wife like a lost dog staring into my phone during the dip. somehow sold for a small  profit but it wasn't worth the stress.
Imagine panic selling in this market
Will post of the results. Carnage or tendies.
What every 🌈🐻 here needs to realize is that as long as there is no real yield in bonds, equities will outperform. Stop fighting the trend until there’s confirmation of anything different.
Is it smart to pay off your current debt by borrowing more money? Couldn't you just keep doing that until you die while living comfortably the entire time?
Try to fight people smarter than you by buying calls and lose a bunch of money?
That that sentence is the best !! 😂😂
With Biden supposedly pushing for trillions in stimulus I’d say very.
[deleted]
ICLN late November gang
+20%? I agree
Guys tell me what happens tomorrow? I know you don’t know but what do you think will happen?
Anything is possible in NightCity
What happens to puts if delisted
This is the way
His 🧠 is his PP
Most pyramid schemes aren't mandatory under threat of prison, unlike SS.
Im praying for a green open please God
[removed]
Adjusted due to dividend that happened the week before last
Took a round trip to Oklahoma on AAL. Flights FULL both sides, no snacks because hygiene, extra money for bags because no space. 

Load up on airlines boys, I had a DD-level experience
That's crazy, she looks good for 64. I don't lust after her like you guys but she aiight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyU9lSXcbVs

I don't own NIO. But I watched this yesterday. Pretty good insight.
Can confirm this is right.
[deleted]
Who else is in VALE? All these EV’s need battery ingredients
Sunday night futes are extra gay
No, anyone cannot establish 60 stores.
Should I sell my 35k in BA to ICLN?
I'm just riding options to the banking bill hype then cashing out and getting shares to ride with until post legalization, then I'm going to the next thing.
Loving how we are reaping downvotes from American snowflakes not being used to the idea that the rest of the world sees the USA as a cesspool.
CANOO has only one drive motor and a 28 minute recharge time. Apple, according to rumours, will have an 18 minute charge to 80%. This would require that CANOO revamp considerably, rather than E-GMP (pronounced "electric gimp") platform that Hyundai uses at 800v. Do you think that Apple will use one drive motor? E-GMP fits better with Apple. 

So it's unlikely to be working on Apple stuff directly with CANOO.
I’ve got lower strike and delta but about the same 125K in ICLN leaps.

Well selected, friend.
Im holding both shares/otm calls on icln. Hopping into nio again tomorrow. Clean energy/ anything long on EV is da wae
Except the loss porn, those will always be real
Either one is 💰
The flu always magically disappeared
I’ll cream myself
have an upvote, it's Sunday
tbf, buying puts when literally everyone says it's going to go up isn't the worst strategy. Corrections happen when fear is the lowest. 

You're still likely fucked, but it could work.
That's the June 2022 tsla calls
wow bears about to get trashed twice in one hour.
Lol... they could form there own world order
Pepsi
What about return to monke?
Yeet
Ozon to the moon, long Russia 🇷🇺
VALE 3/19 21c @ .84
MT ready for liftoff!
is BA going to bring down the whole Dow?
Remember, if you run out of buying power, you can always double down cheaper with OTM calls.
MAKE FUCKING MONEYYYYYYYYY ENPH LFGGGGGGGG
Nothing about the post was about the government though.
source???
Never
Disagreed. I think it also looks like shit
I like them ripe
the dream life
Adjustment for year end cash distribution
liar
it was elons pen. he kept it in his right front pocket...
Rocket boosters ENGAGED
**[Great man theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great man theory)**

The great man theory is a 19th-century idea according to which history can be largely explained by the impact of great men, or heroes; highly influential and unique individuals who, due to their natural attributes, such as superior intellect, heroic courage, extraordinary leadership abilities or divine inspiration, have a decisive historical effect. The theory is primarily attributed to the Scottish philosopher and essayist Thomas Carlyle who gave a series of lectures on heroism in 1840, later published as On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and The Heroic in History, in which he states: "Universal History, the history of what man has accomplished in this world, is at bottom the History of the Great Men who have worked here. They were the leaders of men, these great ones; the modellers, patterns, and in a wide sense creators, of whatsoever the general mass of men contrived to do or to attain; all things that we see standing accomplished in the world are properly the outer material result, the practical realization and embodiment, of Thoughts that dwelt in the Great Men sent into the world: the soul of the whole world's history, it may justly be considered, were the history of these."  

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
Can anyone explain this please
Sometimes American TV jumps the shark and channels Monty Python perfectly.

It's glorious.
What every 🌈🐻 here needs to realize is that as long as there is no real yield in bonds, equities will outperform. Stop fighting the trend until there’s confirmation of anything different.
The copy paste DD?


Also saying nio is chinese Tesla reeks of you not doing any DD of your own
If you have a mouth, you have a small business
Anything math related will pretty much guarantee you a job since no one wants to do math
> 37

You forgot the extra 3.8% on top of that (thanks for the healthcare act)
"""concentration camps"""
2024? Elon will already be on Mars.

Too slow.
[deleted]
Also had 22c sold those after... but gawd damn me for not just holding nio lol
Nothing like staring at your brand new NIO ET7 in the showroom while a Chinese prostitute tops you off
That sounds like a lot of waste in batteries.
Eglx if you know, you know
Bought more at close Friday
A BITF yolo - hoping for an open above $4
Both
thats unfortunate
He speaks like Jordan Belfort
American companies collect a tax on everything  and everyone, making them essentially a part owner of every business and everything else for that matter.
QQQJ leaps pretty cheap
I’ve already got enough of a retarded family in wsb I don’t need a Chinese retard family too
I ENCOURAGE CLIMATE CHANGING ENDEVOURS AND INVESTING, HOWEVER I WILL NOT BE INVESTING MY MONEY INTO CHINESE EFFORTS.
[deleted]
I’m not that smart.
Who’s going to win out of these 2 retards pls vote
Isn't this just a spin on [Great Man Theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_man_theory)? This sounds like the theory that people love to shit on Ayn Rand for except instead of influential people being those who attain massive amounts of power they are people who are born autistic?
Cathie wood is 64
10” minimum
I think this is seen alot in secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao's family
 
She's the reason McConnell is easy on China
I‘m fucking my asshole while scratching my phone
Italian Herbs n Cheese
I'm guessing around earnings in what is it 2nd feb.
Which part isn’t true?
Literally bought 20 on Friday
I started out with 5k, grew it to 20k with NIO, grew it to 250k with PLTR, held too long and it dropped to 100k and now I’m here. Point is you can do it, just keep subscribing to r/WSB and actually do some DD for some good plays
Yes that’s the statistic, but there’s more nuance. For example a Biology degree in generally useless unless you get more education

Edit: nvm y’all really are unironically retarded 

Just buy $Tesla yolo
[deleted]
Because we make money now😂
BTFD
Calls and shares!
Not happening. And if it is subway, pivot the model to plant based, downsize and rebuild. Cant put a pricetag on brand recognition.
Turn 98 luxurious, high end tricks.
Wonder why Waffle House hash browns are fire? This is why.
There’s nothing hotter than a well developed pre-frontal cortex amirite?
Huh? I dont think there will be a crash
[removed]
Sell half your stocks now. With the rest, try to sell when you feel like the drop is coming. Don't abuse the luck.
Same for me. Using profits from my theta plays to cover it.
ICLN calls since September, TAN calls since October. Lots of shares in various Canadian renewable companies since 2018.
Fair, of you are going to be long as in 5 years long and got in right at the start, yes.
In canada the hype went super high and many got burned badly.
Most of the weed companies were not able to produce what they promised and ended up returning to penny stock status.
Only canopy produced profits.

Look up the aphria nightmare that their own ceo cut and ran with the money.
I'm hoping usa goes smoother with a country wide unified plan.
RUN (rip), NIO, PLTR
Literally pumping the stock for tomorrow so the can dump for a profit.
Just looked up “Cathie Woods” on Pornhub. 0 results. Son I am disappoint.
[deleted]
Extremely.  Your butthole just got reamed.  💯
There's always going to be room for quality weed, but there's still gonna be budget smokers that just want weed to smoke and are less concerned with getting the best thing out there. 

Maybe to celebrate or whatever, but majority of sales are going to trend middle and bottom shelf.
FUCK CHINA
FUCK CHINA
FUCK CHINA

edit: FUCK CHINA
Futes soon 🔜
Not true because I don’t know where to yolo my money
?  Selling covered calls changes your holding from long term to short term?
One Belt, One Road = Make China Great Again. Just because they are running a socialist platform powering capitalist motives doesn't make their discoveries and processes unworthy of our investments.  Let the retards speak freely here. Our aim here is to make money. Lots of it.
I just need Biden to say steel and infrastructure like 20 times and im good.
Steel gang ain’t worried bout no dip🚀
The fuck does that have to do with TSLA. It didnt double in value because of stimulus lmao
That's just how the weekends go here
Same plan. What dates and strikes for you?
You're not even gonna talk about Young Guns??!? Both of the Sheen kids and also *Kiefer Sutherland*?;? I literally came to my place and drank water.
And they all add up to disaster for you
It's already hit 25 this past week. How is it OTM? Especially with plenty of steel companies releasing earnings leading up to MT earnings, this shit is hitting 30 by his expiration easy.
[removed]
I will too. inshallah
Either going to hit $100, or get delisted. Depends on this fun presidential snafu.
[deleted]
[removed]
I don’t disagree the average person doesn’t understand the distinction. I mean look at how much pot stocks have risen due to Democrats barely winning.

My point is I don’t think Biden is making much of a political calculation with cannabis seeing he refused to run on it. And that he will reject an actual legalization bill despite the optics.
Sir, this is a casino
When they open again?
Regret I didn’t yolo into mara again
I’m so dumb lol

I tell myself TSLA is only gonna keep mooning next week

Everyone on WSB tells me TSLA is gonna keep mooning next week

Cathie Wood tells me TSLA is gonna keep mooning.

My autistic brother tells me TSLA is gonna keep mooning.

*Buys TSLA 750p 1/15* 

Nice😎
Markets are forward looking
This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever seen. Congrats
Thought they made a good chunk in August and then lost it later. I’ll have to give it a read!
Short nio
Calls on LMND. Got it.
Are you bae
[‘Big Short’ investor says his big Tesla short is getting ‘bigger and bigger’](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/big-short-investor-says-his-big-tesla-short-is-getting-bigger-and-bigger-11610313191)

You know what to do bulls...🌝
ROKU now has 50 million subscribers. Why would it dip? It’s the new mega cable company.
Imagine NIO-TSLA merger.   MY GAWD that would break this fucking place
It's pronounced nu-cular.
[removed]
Can u imagine both at the same time? 💦💦💦

Cathie doesn't look like she gives good head. AOC
I need help. All in twtr calls or puts tomorrow?
Thanks, and fuck you too.
Because Apha is merging with TLRY. Apha will take over the leadership but they will keep the TLRY branding. If it doesnt go thru, APHA would be the smarter investment though.
[deleted]
That’s funny ✌🏼😂
There's no left or right. Only UP.........all the way to the moon babyyyyyy.
[deleted]
Yeah I don’t think there is any functional difference outside of some camera bells and whistles. And it comes with that ugly cumbersome frame.

Mag safe is cool but not worth the upgrade IMO
[removed]
Ah the good life
> apples to oranges

But you can still compare them.
I'm willing to flip for the CCP if 🚀🚀🚀
Add 98k
I feel that if all the companies in china are partially owned by china its just a matter of course, they probably didnt know luckin was fake like the us court system doesnt know when a drug dealer is paying his taxes in dirty money.
[deleted]
Nope... only reason I’m half way comfortable is the
Company will pay me up to -100k loss if they move me. At worst break even
Trashy,eyebleach ,noahgettheark
And $MT
[removed]
You're being sarcastic but this will be true. Apple will want fast recharge times and rumours are 800v with a 18 min recharge time to 80%. CANOO has a 28 minute recharge time. Because this would be a major shift for CANOO, and they only have one drive motor, I find it unlikely that Apple would be tapping CANOO's platform. 

But yes, Apple's cars will recharge very fast.
I used to work with a chick who had a guy message her on plenty of fish to peg him, his leg was in a cast and she referred to him as pegleg. You should shoot your shot! I bet she could fuck
He's probably born in 2000. Give him/her some slack.
I opened the post and saw OP's text for like 1 second, then it changed to [removed] so I guess he did get banned 😂
[deleted]
AOC could publicly  own me.
[removed]
Which ticker(s)?
Why TF does the ccp need broke teenagers' robinhood accounts to pump NIO? They can literally do it themselves if they wanted to
It makes a BaTmaN ShAPe!
No EOW
finally lost your virginity?
Don’t you think everything is priced in already? Don’t really see it moving big in either direction.
But does the lemonade cure COVID?
Why don’t pension funds just put their money into Tesla calls? Seems pretty straightforward..
[removed]
WUMAO IN DA HIZZOUZ
BFT needs to pop tomorrow pleas fly
Go click on u/notccpbot comment history, he is currently complaining about the ban in r/genzedong and pretending he's not sure why he got banned
Sell dope
lmao this NFL game on Nickelodean
Ah was this in the 2020 or 2021 revenue report from the black market? Lol
+20-30%
No one does. Monkey push buttons, monkey win tendies.
That's apples to oranges in my opinion. And not something I want to build an investment thesis on.
Yes pleas
Blue horseshoe loves Anacott Steel
It is a nice one
This is probably the case. WSB will freak tf out me included
Waiting is the hardest part.
disease eradication? we really gunna drop this bag? not me, long ARKG
Gonna treat myself to my fine dining experience tomorrow. A subway sandwich.
Who’s tryna hang out at Nio house tonight?
100,000 cases = Cruises/Airlines -50%
100,000,000 cases = Cruises/Airlines +50%

Can't explain that
Whoever dips first tomorrow gets my load. I don't think I'm going to mess with NIO anymore. They seem a little "sus" now, amirite fellow kids?
I think weed in America will look more like the craft beer scene
hope to see 20 within the next month
Really appreciate the insight. Super super helpful.
Jack Ma my boy is seen again on Chinese social media. He probably loves Big Brother from the dead eyes pn his face, but BABA to the moon for sure!
Good man
Definitely. We don't appreciate that freedom on a day to day, but in hindsight I realize that it makes us all united.
I got the 12 pro max. Unless you really want flat sides, it’s not worth upgrading.
If you had to choose between getting a blowie from AOC or Cathie, who would you choose?
[deleted]
Couldnt I jump back in and average down with my 70 shares at cost basis of 17? Incase it does pop
higher than tsla. wsb already uses onlyfans and would pump it and the thots on it.
If you want to ban propaganda on this sub, might as well just shut it down then lol
Bruh you just got got by an old dude
That's why I'm still here lol. Politics are only useful for making me money
icln calls
Lol, anyway to short this? I don’t know anything about otc stocks
TSLA 750p 1/15
same thing applies to ARKG
Got in Dec 14 and sold Friday at open
Same with the DD posts
Make a lemonade stand
College is a yolo on your life. Loans are just margin.
80% of Canada’s sales occur on the black market
So we are all politicians now?  I want my own private office dammit.
This hit home
Still don’t see the future but still bought shares ~$15. Competing with amazon on fees? Marketplace for gaming? Customer service? I don’t see any value there, information is literally free and YouTube or google search away. The only upside I see is on stock being squeezed. 
I was hoping they take over a Macy’s mall or warehouse space and open restaurant/bar and host gaming events on massive screens this is the only future. Most gamers are technically advanced and have been fixing and buildings stuff since they were 8 years old.
Where do you replant at??
BABA calls
ZM puts
Apple toilet, monthly subscription for the flushing function.
No its not lol
[deleted]
Stimmy news coming Thursday. Multi ducking trillion. My god people are dumb
Bro if you can’t figure it out based on the information I have provided, I can’t help you.
Good f idea
Please 🙏
Lmao they so mad, Imagine it drops tho. Free money to be made.
Humboldt's Gift
Gunna be low. Elon’s getting the air mattress setup so he can get some sweaty sleep in the factory
all i read was **buy NIO**  🚀🚀  🚀🚀
Yeah - a lot of selling in the 90-100 zone currently from insiders
Communism cant/doesn’t exist in its pure form because it’s always run by people.  Usually retarded people that appoint increasingly retarded people over time.

Anyone who takes part in political rallies knows that the most active true believers usually have the IQ of a cinder block.  That is why anyone who thinks that a political utopia can be achieved are equally retarded.  It’s retards all the way down with politics.
I will cry if it opens red
Just looking for my Cork Hat in time for the Oz market. Can’t wait for my stocks to go Down Under!
[deleted]
BY OPEN
I can’t wait for futures to open, so I can start waiting for the pre-market to open, so I can start waiting for the market to open, so I can lose all my money tomorrow!
is that 1/15/22?
That’s what I have. We are good for at least another year I feel like idk
This is so absurd, I just have to laugh really hard. Even the 2nd and 3rd biggest combined is still lower valued than freaking Tesla.
EOD
Gme moon bby
Tesla cars have serious quality control issues and their self driving software is still beta. Once apple and GM start pumping out their EV's, Tesla cars wont be a darling anymore. but they still got nuerolinked pigs so thats nice.
I have 2k and need 100k by the end of the month, suggestion?
**WUMAO Street Bets**
see you on the corner next week
That is good opportunity to short that stock
TSLA $960c 1/15
Wtf are you talking about?
Why do I think it was quite a bit more than 190k? 🤔
ICLN 40 IS ROOKIES NUMBERS YOU BETTER BELIEVE THOSE ROCKETS ARE PUMPED 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Really want Tesla to open around 900 so can go all in in puts expiring Friday.
So many 🌈 🐻 here in the weekend threads
Just wondering, anybody here been on ICLN since before this week? I got in with leaps during December. The real ICLN gods are the pre-election people.
Links?
BABA 245 open, AAPL 135 open and imma bust
Thanks.  Its going swimmingly. I have this one smug fuck who cant let it go.
[deleted]
Let me know if u find one 👀
Ban
that’s why i said it
Art of the Deal
It happens every year , the virtual thing tho is new
Do a flip
Good
seems very optimistic, also do we even have clear knowledge of how long a vaccinated person will be immune yet? 

&#x200B;

I will vaccinate when it's available.
SoftBank lost billions cos market makers found out and murdered the markets by selling all those shares before they closed the options, literally exactly what the OP is describing.


https://www.businessinsider.com/softbank-unwind-nasdaq-whale-options-trades-billions-losses-investor-backlash-2020-12&ved=2ahUKEwiCu7_tp5LuAhXc7nMBHducA7AQFjABegQIBBAC&usg=AOvVaw0Zk4xeJfmQnYeqB3Ge60Nq
[removed]
First. Fuck I’m good
Everything is fine as long as you don't get your hand stuck in the machinery and lose your job 🤡🤡🤡
Selling my TSLA calls before the morning dip and watching it moon the rest of the week in regret.
The 4 month old account is actually why it “saves” him imo. You can actually buy Reddit accounts with karma/age for pretty cheap. If it was the “CCP” I’d expect that they would’ve utilized an account with more credibility.

I think this was just a guy doing what we all do, trying to make money.
Best way to pick up hyundai?
It's anecdotal sure but I think you're ignoring a larger theme around gaming in general. The younger generation is playing a lot of games on their phones, tablets, ect. Also the financial model of these games have changed. Look at fortnite for example. Free to play but encourage people to spend on items such as "skins".
[removed]
Please fly again
I feel like clout is the only reason to upgrade...

I like my nice rounded edges tho
I picked up 10 QQQJ 1/15 $32c last week for $.25. Let’s get this baby to $33 this week for a little side cash.
Define “pops”
Leaps on LMT
i got the 12 pro max and the battery and screen are worth it tbh, had the XR before
It's called a *put* because you're *putting* your money in someone else's account.
Haha digital Gold goes up
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
So obv. there’s going to be an alien invasion this year or we’re going to become aware that one already happened. I don’t think any reasonable human can disagree with that statement. 

Now then, what does this mean for my NIO calls? 

I mean in one sense, this is great news for advancing technology. In another sense, it might just change the rules so much that all current EV companies are outcompeted.
Prediction: This week will be flat/slightly uppy for TSLA to shake out bears, then red all next week
Stop being so dramatic, cassandra 🙄
Extra based
Its only gay if you love the other man, otherwise its just two totally straight bros having anal sex
*Cold, dead, perfectly formed arse

FTFY
Aight so what stock we pumping and dumping on the ccp? Gotta teach them us autist aren’t supposed to be messed with.
Opinion means nothing
LOADED BULL✅
Both are good long term holds if you’re willing to be patient
F C U U F is doing pretty well by me. Not optionable tho.
sigh... i have $250k riding in GME shares right now. so i do want it to moon. but there are several reasons why it won't go to $100 or $420 or whatever. go read u/ahminus posts/comments to understand why..

or not. since you are also an OG GME investor, we are both already too rich to argue about this stuff.
[deleted]
Show your puts or ban
They don't make any money...
😂👍
Exactly the same with me. I rolled out last week's Nio but now I'm probably fucked again for this week since the news was so good. 61c
Tesla CEO Elon Musk urged his Twitter followers on Thursday to "use Signal," he meant the encrypted messaging app. Some people appear to have taken it the wrong way.

Shares of an obscure and unrelated company called Signal Advance, which trades over the counter, surged 527% on Thursday and another 91% on Friday, climbing from 60 cents to $7.19.
new frame = clout
> Also I don't believe your last point about socioeconomic mobility is true anymore. 

If only there were sources where this kind of stuff could easily be looked up and you didn't need to "believe" or "feel" it.

> A study conducted by the Pew Charitable Trusts found that the bottom quintile is 57% likely to experience upward mobility and only 7% to experience downward mobility. 

 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socioeconomic_mobility_in_the_United_States#
China Gigafactory = Child Workers and shitty Labor Laws.  Work the Chinese 16 hours a day, and it will happen.
Checking for dips in either:

* NIO
* AAPL
* ROKU

And buying shares + leaps.
My 1/15 1200c will hit though right?
😂
Probably. Just meant that I’ve heard some “conspiracies” that might not be too hard to believe, but these are taking a hard left into crazy town.
Do you practice what you preach! Show posting or ban!
Jack Ma  officially changed name to Jack Noma
depending on what it does monday i’ll probably buy more calls too, Q4 earnings report is still far away though
[removed]
Some probably paid shill posted a review of NIO from a Chinese perspective, basically just sugarcoats it and the CCP, and was exposed to have posted the same shit every where
I live in DC only in a post-apocalyptic world will real estate be cheap here.
New iPhone worth it? Rocking XS Max currently thinking there isn’t really any reason to upgrade
No exhaust, where do you put your D in? Charger will zap you.
Welcome to how government funding bills work. Every one shits into a bucket with ideas and throws that into the bill while larger issues are debated.
[removed]
SQ and ETSY
Loads.
Depression
I read the text and I am still confused:

Where are the rockets?

What calls am I buying?

Is GME gonna fly again?
[deleted]
considering phub is getting major institutional flack i doubt even spacman is willing to do that
That render literally looks miles better than any other car they have except for the roadster.
#IV crush enters the chat
Good
It is a call option. You write that instead or “1/22 ICLN $30 call.”
Im addicted to buying EOW spy options. The weekend sucks because of it
I just got in but figure that if I have some patience this one will pay off
[removed]
Apart from the NOPE queen saying so, what makes you think the market is going to crash now? Politics wise, I think they're gonna cheer getting rid of mango. If it crashes, it will be after inauguration
Yeah he definitely has that uncanny valley effect to me. Then I pay two months of bills from a 90 second day trade of his stock and I feel I like he might just be OK.
[removed]
ICLN
waiting for $16 to enter
True
[deleted]
Pls fo up for once aapl you dumb piece of shit
Chinas market will open green—> sentiment carries into Europe—-> market in Us opens green.
This right here. Bro Congratz for not being a retard like most people and actually seeing the big picture. This post is exactly correct spot on the money my friend
>The market had a correction from December 11th to January 4th. Don’t kill the bull run within 4 trading days guys

The "other market" has people sweating.
AAPL 140 EOW

NIO 65 EOW

ICLN $40 EOW
I hope we open red so I can get a better average on my calls 😅
Return to monke
Those were private companies and not Government backed? Fraud sucks shit but it's much easier to get away with when a Government that's already well known for censorship is actively cover for you
69
Not worthless, just less
TSLA $1000 EOW
So basically TSLA will be $1000 after the crash? Cool, discount.
Apple is so late in this game, it gives me Nokia vibes
you forgot the most important ingredient, PLTR!
[deleted]
This.  you can fuck a man but if you’re not touching balls you good
Yep. 🚀 I can finally afford a tesla
The government is basically guaranteeing billions of dollars added to these companies market cap.
Or a Nio corporate propagandist
[deleted]
Godspeed.
It’s like this every damn weekend. Check back later when we’re closer to open
That is the hope on PLTR
PSTH purchases OnlyFans?  How high would the price go?
🥖🥖🥖
I’d love to see that (though I’m not opposed to a dip).
This bitch reads books based on covert art
I hope you’re right but I was playing it like earning. Buy the rumor sell the news
I think he’s more of a replicant.
There is a rest of Reddit?
how we feeling about 9988? i want to see AT LEAST a 2% gain on open
Apple car not gonna do anything
If it pops before eod then sell, otherwise, hold as instructed by RC
It took years just to get the prototypes settled and up for bid. Waited even longer for approval which never happened. Then they randomly about faced and upgraded the rural craft with Mercedes metris vehicles which weren’t even part of the bid process.

TL;DR you’re in for a bad time if you’re waiting for USPS to make a decision on something.
There may be a dip later in the week but not Monday. Monday will a parabolic rise
I always do my part to shit on people who make plays on chinese companies here
S 3 X Y booty short ass tat
I think any time someone posts DD it should be typed as DDs.

Analysis eg TA should be Anal
Loading up on more VALE calls baby!!
notccpbot was a CCP bot?! Well I never!
Cup and handle possibly forming
[removed]
Yeah, china is sketchy for sure haha. Whats the difference between Luckin and something like theranos or Nikola?
Welp I bet I'll be buying back that 136 call I wrote on Friday
Which means you would also be losses. However if I am both losses and gains in an ever expanding universe, that really does mean that stonks only go up. 

Phew, gets kinda wild going full circle like that.
Flaccid
[removed]
There's a 50/50 chance of destruction of your anus.
But my balls touch all the time. 👀 Yours don’t?
then the money stonks make is worthless
Went right to the butt hmmm
They all banned Trump off their platforms. What more can they do?

The Twitter logo is BLUE
every day
Throw the phone away lmao
Inverse WSB sentiment.
Competition for Tesla is the catalyst the stock needs to rebalance its ridiculous share price. That balance is Nio and Apple car gaining traction. 

So. At open I’m gonna wait for the biggest, fattest, green Tesla spike and buy puts for March. Somewhere in the range of 650. I’ll have to look at the prices. ($3050 with 87% volatility. Fucking gross.)
[deleted]
TONTINO GANG RISE THE FUCK UP.  THE GREAT SILVER FOX IS ABOUT TO GAPE SOME BEAR ASSHOLES AS HE TAKES US TO THE STRIPED VALHALLLLAALAAAAAAAA
or buy more calls
Soon my child soon
You kidding? If any weekend was a weekend to hold ANY calls was this weekend.
Where is this sudden bearish sentiment coming from? It wasn’t there on Thursday or Friday.   

The market had a correction from December 11th to January 4th. Don’t kill the bull run within 4 trading days guys
Yesssssssss thissssss
But the call is coming from inside the house!
Sorry that happened. Question is how did that happen?
Are you snorting Adderall right now?
PSTH merging with Valeant
The media is causing so much division now it's insane and dangerous, it's turning us against each other which makes no sense. An interesting few years ahead, hopefully, ill be on a beach in Thailand sipping a cold beer.
Bears dead on arrival tomorrow or they they slowly getting killed off into wednesday?
The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent. Proceed accordingly.
[removed]
If you sign up two new members for social security and they sign up two people each, you can retire a year earlier!
I got some feb calls think i should add? Or add to Jan 29 for better gains but maybe less of the move
Yeah I got 30Cs and definitely would
Rule # 4 BTFD ( message only for groove brains)
Calls at that strike
What do you think about XPEV? I'm expecting small dip to $42 and then to the moon.
Watch NIO moon, FOMO into NIO, watch NIO crash. Feel bad.
> edit: Seeing some of the new evidence folks found on the guy def seems suspicious though.

Him seeiming suspicious should make him less supicious though. Do you genuinely believe governments would not even care to make accounts that blend in? Do you think they would waste time posting under accounts that seem like obvious shills?
Green dildos tmrw 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I’m
Here for
It
They are not, tech gonna be bigly green
Long calls on PLTR. 

Puts on cruises again. 

More steel and palladium buys - PALL calls and SIM buys.  

Might harvest TSLA to replant the field 🤡
Hyundai and Apple are looking to reach a deal by March. They certainly did not back out.
Any move on FNMA is dead until the summer yeah?
Calls on your erection.
feeling cute
I did that for the firs time in a while yesterday and saw a robocop video.
I guess news came out that Ackman will be doing an interview Monday but I can't verify it with a source so :/ if you got shares or calls past February you should be good
74x UVXY 11.5 1/15
what is delta and theta meaning?
YEEEETTTTT
I want TSLA to open at 900 so I can buy LEAP puts
Yes. Moon landing this week
Been in since units and agree, the only comparable pump was that one day there was the bloomberg rumor, and that was even less on a percentage basis.
[deleted]
NIO will be 1000 before 2023 it’s still not too late. This is a multi trillion dollar giant in the making
I lost  my NIO shares on friday due to this.  Not sure CCs are worth it.
Michael Burry, is that you?
START THE COUNT!
the Coke off the Jesus
DKNG and FUBO? I keep getting the DraftKings daily fantasy sports ads and I’m even tempted to learn how that shit works now
🚀🪶🦓🥖?
Lol 10% drop at least your more realistic then the people thinking its ever hitting November 300-400 levels
I dunno
What correction exactly

Usd is worth less. So stonks go uppies.
This is only if you’re making them from
fresh whole potatoes. Soaking in cold water for at least 15 minutes will remove the excess starch from them. Overnight is even better. Every restaurant on the planet does this. Not doing this equals shitty hash browns.
Pretty much anyone from China will praise the Chinese government.  While it is quite the opposite in America.
The Alchemist
I can see the rationale for removing the original post due to the no political bullshit rule, but after reading the other posts  [u/notccpbot](https://www.reddit.com/u/notccpbot/) has made (this guys sounds legit hurt by the hate he has gotten for trying to contribute to wsb, a community he thought he was part of), I'm pretty sure he's a real person. This current post is full of people chanting USA! and pumping $GME and $PLTR. If these comments are allowed, it seems pretty hypocritical to ban the guy for liking his home country and sharing his DD on $NIO   

idk I just lurk here for the memes but I feel bad now
Well still retarded.. if not why are you here
I hope we open green so I can get out of my calls 😅
So basically Elon wants to make a Toyota C-HR version of Tesla? 🚀🚀
MSOS is great. Rode some calls since October and sold last week. Looking for new entry point to roll out cause I had Jan calls.
bullish
You're entitled to your opinion but the evidence is difficult to deny in regards to the shilling.
4 tablespoons of oil. Get it hot, throw those hash brown pieces in your ass and let it cook. Flip after like 7-8 minutes on a medium heat. You’re welcome
Winnie the Pooh is the new yellow canary.
[removed]
I don’t think Dems go after Big Tech. Big Tech way too friendly toward the liberal agenda
Airfryer
Why does a 10 yr old know words?
Just that first eventually leads to second
they don’t have any cathie porn 😡
What are ass to mouth calls?
I’m so hard for Tsla’s open tmrw
When all the bears are ded
Do rockets go to the fucking moon??
It’s only gay if the balls touch.
Hold them above a lighter flame one by one
GME has secured the best trade deal in history! It's huge! The best, maybe, ever! I assure you! All shareholders will get so used to tendies, they'll get tired of all the tendies!
If you don't learn anything
I’d go for slightly OTM calls for a possible higher return. You can buy say April call and then roll it over
You’re not going to convince me that NiO isn’t the better hold than Tesla because we both know that’s not true. Tesla is great but NIO is already proving their superiority and they are obviously a better value for the share price right now. We both know NIO is only going to get bigger, ride the elevator up homie
Start your own PC company
Thank you!
PSTH?
Yes they are complacent just like they were with Enron in the past or Tesla now.

No one cares until the music stops
no its not nice 90s stereotypes. fuck you idiot lmao
> Definitely a little suspicious lol

That makes no sense. The Chinese authorities would not post with obvious shill accounts. They would make an effort to make sure the accounts blend in. You're severly underestimating the shilling efforts of governments.
You watch gay porn
I mean, yeah? Kind of the point of an electric car?
[deleted]
Here's what you do. Go to Options on robinhood and sign up to be able to trade options. 

Go to $VALE and hit trade -> options.

Hit buy->calls->6/19 as the date-> any number above the current stock price, higher the better.

Buy as many contracts as you can, use margin if you have to.

Now, 6/19 is the expiration, so you want to sell them before June, but at this point you're just watching the % gain get bigger and bigger. Sell it when you think "man, I made too much money."

This is not investing advice. Don't sue me if VALE goes bankrupt or something. If the % gain is waaay too much, you can take it up with my wife's boyfriend.
Not at all. Intel's subsidiary does. Waymo is a cartoon, is limited to a 50 sq. mile space, in Arizona. If you're in the area then yes it's the market leader.

Tesla is the first one that will scale.
Oh no fam
Yes, he did come here quickly
where
Based
Thats at least 1 billion added to market cap
PSTH Premium soon
World trigger launched season 2 after 10y, yesterday!
Anyone who read it realizes that is not a Chinese accent. No Chinese mainlander uses “gonna”.
Pretty sure that because I am, NIO is going to tank tomorrow. There's no way I am going to make more of a profit off of these:

 https://imgur.com/J0bymEk
Idk I bought 2 last week for dirt cheap. Paying off so far
I have 6 of these 🚀🚀
What does #c mean
Donald trump lmfao
Tesla will never see the top
Nah 28.65
Reeee reeee me
I sold nio at 11 lol... had 17c and sold once those got itm... sigh
i think you just posted an oxymoron
[deleted]
Yikes see you when Tesla hits 1k
The upline in this scenario is the economy stupid.
This promo got TNA a ton of attention

It went viral pretty quick
Umm did you not read his username?
I scratch at my phone while I'm using my asshole
Your butt must really hurt to think that we care if you’re conservative.
That’s fucking crazy. Short everything this guy touches. I want half a billion more in swaps.
I fucking wish, ride it 🆙 again bot 🤖
Is there somewhere I can read the ccp post again? I'd like to study it for myself so I can catch bad content myself next time
Show short position or ban
I have the spirit of a cockroach
Maybe in the near future, there's a private charity fund that's own by a guy who coincidentally has the same name as your father. You  alsodecided to donate your entire lump sump to that fund, which would dispense 10,000 dollars a year to the local school for children with autism.
They do background searches for a reason so most often people lie about their degrees which is hard to get in background check.
Mlm?
How do I know if I’m an autist?
oh dear. You were looking at max payoff instead risk-wise. What was the option market implying? buying weeklys like that at least hedge them.
What’s the weather like in Beijing right now?
$30 per share is as easy as rolling off a log, it will be there, and the pussies that downgraded our stonk will be fully stretched. Nobody should sell a single share from now on.
lol... h'ok haus.. im pulling out on this bitch harder than a one night stand at a Motel 8 come Feb.
Portfolio? What is that. You mean FDs? (100 of one FD contract that is)
So who cares how much its up in two months? Stock was 200 not that long ago doesn’t mean its ever dropping to those levels again unless they do a third stock split
Anyone looking at $CAG?
How so?
whats happeneing with PYPL?
Expand past wsb on this trash site some pretty disturbing shit!!
Red tm
Y'all must be too young to remember the apple tv rumors, and I'm not talking about the crappy little black box with software on it.  Apple has lots of plans that go no where in the end.
Reminds me of acb...
Print("Gang Gang")
Can’t go wrong with PYPL calls this week. Looks like it’s ready for new highs.
I'm long $URNM
Ah, now you're talking.
I mean in a few years now, it’d get your ass kicked for sayin that
So you mean a 10% run up in an hour on zero news for pretty much a bank account will have a pull back...
That explains the seat in my rental.
What does UVXY do? Hedge as in if market goes down ?
No ones that hot
This is the way
Niot
Stfu
Well vaccinating half the US in two months seems overly optimistic to me
The Haunted Vagina
In fact B&N did just that.
What's your liberal price target?
BAN
What is a tender?
Sounds like a nice dip to buy
On a scale of 1 to 54,538?
They have already rocketed by me anyway
Loading infrastructure? You mean charging? Charging infrastructure prevents no one from making EVs. Battery supply puts a hard limit on cars you can manufacture, and if you add in swap stations, those too. So.... if you make it swap, battery supply constrains the charging infrastructure as well. 

https://www.forbes.com/sites/arielcohen/2020/03/25/manufacturers-are-struggling-to-supply-electric-vehicles-with-batteries/?sh=11ee3cca1ff3

Nobody ever stopped production because there weren't enough chargers...
The stock market requires correction.

Dread it, run from it, destiny arrives all the same...
Anybody playing CCL earnings? They announce premarket tomorrow and the stock is sure to dump afterwards. Personally I’m buying puts and then selling after the drop and buying calls
not really, wsb honestly pumps a lot of shit including tesla.
[deleted]
How does that answer anything.
Literal Charmin
Hello brothers
Tesla’s gonna crash 50% by March 👀
Well. I guess? I’m mostly in shares and some debit spreads that are almost at max value.

The goal of the exercise is to end up in higher risk/reward positions.
That is the only reason anyone ITT cares about this. They are all long TSLA. The PLTR and GME shilling is way worse than this.
Media’s melting our brains, that’s for sure. Cheap entertainment is a drug. Everything sensationalized. you’re right it really is sad. I think it’s going to be a few years.
I used to hate Mondays and love Fridays as a kid, now it's the complete opposite
Claims of Uyghur oppression were started by far right, anti-lgbt Australian nazi Adrian Zenz. There is not an instance of even a single death in Xinjiang related to de-radicalization camps.
Tell me how lol. The very device you're holding while making that post is betraying your comment
[removed]
I was too scared to hold over the weekend. I’ll prob buy back in on the first dip tho
I like the MSOs play. Probably jump in that with you. Also the PLTR $50c would be incredible if it is worth 200-300 by Jan 2023 lmao
With some blessed rains, perhaps?
/r/theydidthemath
[removed]
Any inputs on GNOG calls?
I mean that it could be negative or positive, just a significant move. I don't like excessive directional censorship either.
WHAT???? You buy on Monday and sell on Friday dude, what are you talking about
Oh so OP is a retard, got it
I don’t ever exercise my calls but these 25C 3/19 that I’m sitting on might have to be exercised
My 20 and 22 dec 2022 leaps would like this
Imagine all the money lost from people trying to short Tesla or NIO at the START of the best bull market of the century. Tards, all you had to do was just buy in and hold it’s really that easy. Still not too late you got years left
Forbes latest comments about appointing Trump officials ain’t gonna end well.
Nio 60$ calls 1/22 toMo gonna print 🚀
I'll catch you tomorrow bro, sorry about your calls.
This 🍻
4.2069 inches long
FL, the housing market is super competitive right now. 3rd house I made an offer on.
[deleted]
This is what I’m thinking, I think we go to $32 tomorrow
Maybe not in your area, if you are rural but it’s the most in demand fields. Overall.
You’re getting rich 🚀😳
[removed]
No :) Im studying for my calc test and if I’m right I’ll make a boatload of Mula. I don’t gain anything for taking you through all the baby steps. Maybe mama will spoon fed you. Later you’ll regret this 💔
You ready to get assigned 5,000 shares? Lol
CCP covered for  Luckin and allowed them to cook their shit financials, you forget that the CCP owns a % of each business
[deleted]
That’s what I meant!
Noted
On tomorrow’s menu we have the most decedent, sautéed bear beurre blanc, freshly tenderized served with a side of tendies in a white wine reduction. To follow is bear claw creme brûlée, all served atop a freshly harvested bearskin table cloth 

*Bull appetite*
Political Science and Gender Pronoun Engineering doesnt count.
[removed]
I see no downside, worst case scenario you can dive into the pile like a low-rent scrooge mcduck.
[removed]
Tissue hands
5 20c FEB 19
6 20c July 19
Listen, NIO made me 90 bucks, fuck china, what they are doing to muslims is too close to hearth since my nation survived a genocide (one of the baltic states), but stocks is stocks.
[deleted]
No sorry :/ not based
4 tablespoons of oil. Get it hot,  throw those hash brown pieces in their and let it cook. Flip after like 7-8 minutes on a medium heat. You’re welcome
When will the IV on NIO cool down?
There’s a couple of other NIO shills on the other stock subs who’s post history is 100% NIO. How do I go about getting them banned?
Funds are safe then?
I am indeed exceptionally retarded
Jim Chanos is masturbating vigorously to this comment.
🚀💫🙌🏽💎👨🏽‍🚀 We got this man. Digital Gold to 50K by EOW , 250K eoy
My homie almost did but then they offered to drug test him so he rescinded lololol
Yes on Reddit. Differing opinion = hate speech.
Nothing quite like The Fear
Is there a childhood trauma that gave you this crazy hatred for money you wanna tell us about?
Is it
Thought 30,000 max profit was worth the risk, especially after a huge run up this past week.
STEM GANG BEST GANG comp sci major here
[removed]
[deleted]
TIL I am an autist
I’ve never bought Chinese stocks before, but have been really hot on NIO. They have all of Tesla’s IP + the full support of the Chinese government + more likely to solve autonomy with their lidar and much better computers by nvidia
Anyone know any pornstars that look like Nancy Pelosi? Also GO EV $60 EOW
This board has been astroturfed by PLTR and GME retards every day for months the only reason you care about this particular shill campaign is because you likely have a long position in TSLA
Social security is an MLM change my mind
My bad, rub them between your butt cheeks until optimal temperature is reached, but don’t touch the butthole this time.
Thank you good sir.
Subway is trash. A failing company with shitty food.
Gotta set higher goals than that !
Bigger than yours but not bigger than mine
Well I for one welcome our new overlords, I BOW TO THEE ALMIGHTY PLTR, may you grace the faithful with tendies!
Exactly, that's how it's done
Well, you sold me on OAC! I'll be looking to open a position this week.
thats zukerburger
The Cohen news next week is that he knows the stock is going to dump after the ICR and then he's gonna get another huge stake at discount.

Furthering pressure on the board.
I bought lotto tickets and Tsla calls maybe I’ll be rich after this week
He would have nuts like king kong
[removed]
Holy crap you’re still alive
5.5in
This is how to get anti vaxxers to start vaccinating their kids. Brilliant.
🤡🤡🤡
This is WSB
Y'all releasing incel vibes, get fucked with your victim mentality.
SoFi 🚀
I'm a Libertarian look and see how many of us can fit in a tiny car. Wait am I doing it right?
How many retards are holding Nio calls right now? Myself included.
Just gonna ride this wave for awhile. ICLN/QQQJ calls and ARKG shares.. should be good for this first half of the year atleast..
[removed]
[deleted]
Are you 12??
Pornhub Premium is a fucking scam 😡
I like how no one talks about FB calls here 🙂🙂🙂
I appreciate your perspective noted!!!
baby off a balcony?
Have you seen house prices in New Jersey? No wonder ppl live with the parents still
🤡🤡🤡
So when can we get ARKK as a benchmark. This shit is going to keep on mooning
Cool. I can sell that big family if it starts losing money.
By experience something, you mean stick your finger in your butthoke, right? 

Then yes.
689 stonks at 10.5 euros bby 🚀🚀🚀
EOY easily at 35 euros 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hyundai has backed out
Opposite for me, I'm worried the market dips and it takes TSLA with it.
Actually amazon customer service is the best I had to deal with, I talked to a person everytime, at times they told me to keep the product and offered to refund the money. It was confusing.
I don't think PSTH will merge with Stripe. I don't know why nobody mentions this, but all the board members and executives listed on the website have a media/entertainment background. Mike Ovitz was the most famous agent in the world. Combined with the highly strategic nature of Ackmans' plays, it leads me to think they have a very precise company in mind to bring public. And all these guys are heavy - hitters, they won't go for something small.
I would lose my mind if it was Space X and would buy every share I could (along with everyone else I'm sure)
[deleted]
TSLA 7/16 

890/910 Debit spread 
14 of them
Icln to the motherfooking mars 🚀🚀🚀
I have both - hopefully it goes well
[deleted]
[removed]
What
Wow I must have missed the moment when Tesla was valued at 3 trillion dollars 3 years ago
Meh not really. But which vid
Bought UVXY calls Friday. Love that symbol as a hedge
Same but we really haven’t seen a 10% rally through close and ah... Monday we have more fomo from people *just* hearing about it this weekend as well as big $ continuing to pour in.
I get that, which is why I was giving that advice. Especially considering in other comments when someone asked why is isn't cashing out, he didmt have some knowledge or Insight on why to stay in, but replied "what if it hits 1,000". He's gonna hold on to it always wondering 'what if' until it eventually drops.
How big you guys think Elon’s pp is?
Luckin was luckin not ccp. Im not saying Gynese companies arent 30% fraud by volume, but NIO will make a great short term play as it is actually a car company.
ICLN bitches🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀📈📈📈
To confirm your assumption that China will pump EV, the CCP’s next 5-year plan comes out this spring and is reported to heavily focus on both green energy AND self-reliance/domestic demand. Therefore NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀

https://www.china-briefing.com/news/what-to-expect-in-chinas-14th-five-year-plan-decoding-the-fifth-plenum-communique/
This. 

Already in with calls on ICLN and NIO. Bought a weekly NIO call and sold it for 216% profit on Friday. Rolled it over to to 01/15 and already up 32%. Riding this NIO day news to the 🌕🌕🌕🚀🚀🚀!!
I doubt it's gonna be down, but see how the morning goes and it might be worth selling and rebuying later in the week so you don't get theta cucked
Tencent owns reddit. Theres nothing more to say.
2022 25c. EOY 50+
[removed]
ICLN whole lotta gang shit.
If you would short or buy puts on any EV or blue wave stock right now you deserve to be eating the depression soup you probably already eat on a nightly basis
Lmao not wanting Chinese companies to curb climate change because their government is evil is like cutting off your nose to spite your face.
Rule 5: Political Bullshit.

This is taking a blatant geopolitical stance, mods please remove this rule breaking post.
[removed]
They're 48c, there's so much intrinsic value that it should only make a small difference
Yep.
that's retarded
Just saw a lambo on the highway, you Know what that means...

$ICLN and $GME calls 🚀🚀🚀
141⅔% is an ordinary month for TSLA
What's an MLM Jesus?  He died for our...gains?
> I just don't see the comparison.

Oh, how unfortunate.
They do have an ability to influence small stocks, hence the rules about market caps.
Dump the 5k and use for something less retarded. Weed stonks
Pelosi
That's why I'm selling on the hype. NIO ran up 30% already and people still pumping that stock is scaring the shit out of me. It's already news that institutions would've known. Li auto and XPEV also works with NVIDIA for their AI. Their battery company is the supplier for XPEV and many other auto manufacturers and they already released their battery information publicly before NIO day. Their sedan already had a preview. People investing right now are investing with information that institutions would've had when deciding to invest a long time ago. This is why I never hold Chinese stocks for a long time and sell the retail hype.
[removed]
1Q84
Anyone ever lied their way into a high paying job
HYLN
1 hour 40 minutes to futures let’s fucking go
I 430x’d my money overnight last week in DDD calls.
I'm a Commercial/Industrial HVAC Engineer but have been following solar/energy storage for a decade.

Large consumers of electricity pay usage and demand charges. Demand charges are calculated based on their peak electric use.  If they have battery storage installed  they can decrease the amount based on installed battery capacity.

In terms of renewables, let's say you have a building with solar and battery storage. Your generating solar energy while others on the grid are. Let's say at that time the electric market rate is lower because of excess generation vs usage. It would be advantageous to charge the battery with the energy your solar panels are producing to sell back to the grid when the market rate is higher for electricity.
***the ability to sell back to the grid varies widely by region***
Is this your WSB exclusive username or do you go around the rest of Reddit posting as BigDickRetard69?
Absolutely! It is society-rending, ideological poison, which is why the US’ strategic rivals (like the CCP) try to make hay with it whenever and wherever they can.
I bought 25k of apple on MARGAIN two weeks ago (as a Tesla holder) just to hold it through earnings for fun, iphone12 is killin it, this makes me want to hold a bit longer though haha
> running naked through the plains of Africa

That sounds like fun. Reminds me of a song or something...
[deleted]
Yep, is second this. Pour baking soda on them
FoodTown confirmed! Best GMO chicken in a World
Cause it could fall by 50% again and I still wouldn’t touch it
Did I hear stroke?

8==👊=D💦
I hate to say it, but I just looked up how margin works on RH because I'm out of money to put into more calls...

My % gain is good, but I'm a broke MF, so it doesn't matter, unless I had more invested HMMMMM
[deleted]
The presentation of the whole thing is just like the legal profession.

Lingo to keep others out.
What are they worth to you?
Yolo on 1200c Exp 1/15
Many degrees in stem aren’t high demand either now
You have to sell to do that
CCP shit stay away
I agree
Based fs
[deleted]
\* Checks TSLA stock price \* Lord musk $PLS forgive me for I have sinned!!
Autist enough to risk it all into PSTH? Double-up post announcement at the minimum, pullbacks until announcement, pure upside here. Am i missing something??
Your strawman not my words.
I've never seen byd in the states then went to Uruguay and saw a bunch. It's pretty funny
No its on my radar, but I have all my cash tied up in other shit atm, we have some sbe, psth, nio, etc
Going balls deep tomorrow morning
can you walk from city to city? on a map they look so close to each other
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Jack Ma seen in Beijing driving a Nio, BABA 500 confirmed
>($.55) and MT $30C 6/18 x 200 ($1.73)

Sorry, new guy here, but what's the ($.55) and ($1.73) mean here?
thanks bitch! i wish i got more too. next time won’t hold back
buy fucking dips
You so smart. That took more words than just saying 3:30 😂
Did yall see that post on popular about Elon being a lizard person
TONTINOS HOW WE FEELIN ?
BAN
Positions? EOY preds?
PYPL calls are going to be free money this week. Let’s make this money y’all!!!!
No NIO is great long term because in a few years when 30 million Chinese and 30 million Europeans are buying their cars every year and they make triple that money from also owning a robotaxi industry with the worlds best automative technology their shares will be worth thousands with only a 15 to 30 PE. Please learn to do math and realize the Democratic Party is chinas bitch
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=06BFsQ_28Co 

Found u
You guys really know what you are talking about. I don't trade options so I'm mostly ignorant about many concepts. But OP has several contracts that need to fall on 30$, otherwise he's fucked? Why would he buy so many of them? And so OTM?  Also I see there is quite a lot of Open interest in that specific strike price. So we could say he's not alone on this one?
Lucky for you I'm only a sisterfucker.
which is Fractional dividends in 2021
IV crush?
Because we are royal to our beliefs, also we come to conclusion its manipulated after it goes opposite from what we played
Reddit where you could watch a woman throw her baby of a balcony & another woman fuck a horse but can’t have a conservative view hmmmm!!!!
I don't think tsla will crash but im worried it dips like 10% and takes down the market with it
I swear it had an “I” in there when I read it haha
It won't continue if they pick subway for merger
Do your own DD
NIO to the fucking 🌝 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
> Once you have enough that you can live off interest in upper-middle class comfort, and then pass on the same amount to your kids so they don't have to work, etc, that is a pretty good time to tap out.

OP has enough to do this but isn't tapping out
    Free Jack Ma!
Literally impulse FOMO’d with no debate 

Why the fuck did it even jump Friday
Neither... CLOUDNET (NET) is the play
[deleted]
It was undervalued at $4, it's up 400% since then, it was a value play not a growth play I think it's time is over
PLTR bag holders stand down and stand by
Just think, by this time tomorrow 100’s of 🌈🐻’s will have been fucked to death by their TSLA & ICLN puts. 

RIP BEEEEOTCHES! Green Day coming at ya!

🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢
I'm honestly 70% here for the laughs and 30% here for the stonks. Also unsubscribed from all other reddit subs, this place has no competition. Far the best. I can learn new words here like tendies while being a retard which means good in this place. WSB is home.
[deleted]
This just isn’t true. I studied business administration lol and now work in tech sales. I did all my networking during my first job and it worked out great
You can buy June calls just under current strike price for $2.03.  Basically free money unless it crashes.
It’s just one trade away
PLTR $40 eow 🚀🚀🚀
Your are totally wrong here. the MM knows those things every WSB autist are with a cheap or free broker and they do SELL your order flow. (Yes,those brokers make money selling retard order flow).
what's your problem retard? why u fuk wit weeklys like that?
Hmmm interesting
🥪🥪🥪 🥖🥖🥖
Getting ready to buy/build my first pc with TSLA schmoney
Everyone is saying they're out at the moment. Price reflects it.
Who scratched their asshole and fucking use their phone?
Stay strong brother
I'm just hoping to make my money and get out before the CCp pulls the rug.
[deleted]
delete the app
My moves tomorrow are riding out my portfolio of long genomics, clean energy, and weed. 

NVTA 55c 6/18 and TMO 500c 6/18

ICLN 35c 7/16

MSOS 53c 6/18

PLTR 50c 1/2023

UVXY 40c 6/18 hedge
Crazy Nancy
🪶
Post dd
Hope so!!!
Fr?
Duck yes. Money money tomorrow
ICLN gang represent 🚀🚀
anyone in IPOE?
I have TSLA calls. Good thing im diversified by also holding SPY calls. 


Wait a second....
This is really interesting
IBM is in for a shitshow.
You know there is a big difference between TSLA shares and Chinese ADR right???
hmm
Can't go tits up
Know the feeling
All the trading I do is to buy a house one day
Prepare for the guhs every time you hear digital first omnichannel
Probably a racist and a McCarthyism.
Yeah i just enabled mine
I think that post was to just pump Nio.

I'm a Chinese autist as well. What I read on Chinese social media is that... the majority of social media posts are against EVs. Basically any brand of EVs. Many are due to the quality of EVs and a few incidents(EVs burned to the ground) could trigger another conservation(mostly negative) towards EVs. Even Tesla gets harsh critics from auto industry commentators/bloggers. One thing I saw from Nio day is that I saw a video how Nio booked a flight with Nio customers on board along with nio-owner pilots and flight attendants. Maybe a PR play but it shows brand loyalty.
I mean today
Hyundai owns Boston Dynamics, so maybe not that far off
My conservative price target for NIO is $300 in the next 12 months. Mark this post cocksuckers.
You’re not wrong, you’re just an asshole.
Smaller pieces
Delete the app
ACB just always gets shit on in like every marijuana article I see. Lol I stayed away from them.
Definitely
Maybe you should look up the definition of portend
Palantir.  Hold long and strong.
If you aren’t letting them soak in water first, you should be.
How pls
Yeah but like stocks, people make a shit load selling pixels in an online video game.

Source: My brother made 10k+ selling video game pixels when he was 15.
#eat fresh
🦓
There is literally a countdown clock.
found the china bot
For those playing PSTH, I’ve been in for a few months now and there’s a pretty predictable trend;

PSTH should dip some tomorrow. That’s when I’ll be accumulating some more (probably more feb/June calls) . Small bump at market open then drift down to 28-29(maybe 27 but I doubt it). It’ll reverse sometime late next week and end with slightly higher highs next Friday at market close. 

Obviously, if there is an announcement this all goes out the window. ✌🏻
I do not think Cohen aims at mere 2x return ($32ish). He is determined to make it an incredibly profitable business which will be at least a 10 bagger and that is exactly why I am invested in GME
It shouldn’t be a problem
RUN
[deleted]
Hmmmm, I dunno my calls are only 1/15
Sometimes spacs trend back to 10 because the initial hype around the loi dies down. Unlikely as Sofi seems to have called both a loi and da, but Friday was telling. Will wait a bit to see if this moons or stays flat
When you die, you'll just wake up before TSLA or whatever stock you wish you bought more of mooned but won't remember anything and will repeat the same mistake for eternity.
Why? The close was bullish AF.
Ah, didn’t know there was a larger overall conference going on in parallel with CES
You could pretend Lisa Ann is when she is dressed up as a office worker
Nobody tell him
PSTH = 🦓🦓🦓

or 

PSTH = 🚀❌


Anyone who thinks 

PSTH = 🥖 or 🐔 is a 🤡🤡🤡
Let's hope it comes soon before its not too late. People are more interested in reality tv than the concentration camps in China, it's sad and disturbing.
Yep. Another stimmy on the way.
Here we go...
[removed]
[deleted]
My NIO calls will be nice and plump tomorrow. I'm going to roll em into leaps.

My TSLA credit spread is baking and won't be ready until the end of the month but should be e z 100% play unless a tesla runs over Buyden or something.

Expect AAPL calls to keep climbing until ER, smash earnings. I'll probably roll this for end of 2021 calls.
how to make them crispy like mcD's?
Check this out, nerds: $2,237,947.83
Boys I’m hungover as fuck with a critical case of the Sunday scaries. Puts on my productivity and mental health today.
Weed maps is only valuable due to restrictive advertising laws. If those laws change, so will their value.
People there are much more intelligent than you lot.
[removed]
I’d imagine your bathroom smells like a mixture of sewage runoff and Nancy Pelosi’s vagina
[deleted]
The concept isn't that hard to understand. You just go there with your family to have NIO orgies.
I still want to know just where is Jack Ma?
Bro?
[deleted]
Autists aren't psychopaths, don't conflate the two. Yeah it's hard for them to understand social consequences but you cannot tell me nobody has sat Zuck down and make him understand why this shit is bad

He knows, he just doesn't care
Remember when we were all over the 🅱️eekend 🅱️ow?
I'm a Republicrat and I say ur ruining america
Don’t answer the phone
stop saying "but at the end of the day" so much
[deleted]
Is that AAPL/Hyundai news bad for TSLA? Gotta be some people takin profits on TSLA to put into AAPL now right? Or more explosion for the EV sector?
Yes. Every weekend when markets closed
Were they really shootin' dicks off in terminator?
I keep getting so fucked by covered calls. Every time I think I'm far enough out of the money shit rallies so hard
Let it go to voicemail
Bro all you need is this renewables rally to keep running up and you’ll be sailing around on a solar-powered yacht.
[deleted]
Any porn stars that look like cathie wood?
As long as you get the bat’s consent, I don’t see why not. 🤷🏼‍♀️
To the right, usually.
Gnog 2/19 25 calls gonna make the printer go brrrrrrrrrrrrr
YOLO out of it
Market down 0.01% and people yolo in saying they DCA down
LOL i'll jump off a bridge if it goes that low
Arbitrary lines woooo
[deleted]
NIO is great...short term. But between the economics of any trade war or CCP accounting scandal, fuck holding. I'ma trade the momentum plays, that's it. All we need is Dem Congress to decide to hold china accountable on social or economic shit, everything CPP backed will crash down
I meant the market yo if the deflationary shit goes down it means risk off
I have been done investing in anything Russian (not really anything out there) and Chinese because of state interference in those companies and the rampant corruption that seems to be more the norm over there right now
What’s dangerous is shit like PRPL. It was a mattress - how did it have a gang?
This gotta be bad news for TSLA no? People takin profits and putting more money into AAPL
Anyone who hasn’t hopped on the BABA train, now is your last chance
BABA $260 by eow
I’m Demoblican. 

Don’t raise capital gains taxes but forgive all of my student loans 

Thx
[deleted]
PLTR?
I think you need to read something a little more up to date regarding the economic situation in Seattle.
The woke ideology has a huge amount of sway in the West, you can shut down any argument just by claiming some kind of bigotry. You can see why they're exploiting it when it's so easy to do.
Are you questioning papa musk?
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jzge8k/palantir\_pltr\_correct\_lock\_up\_period\_w\_sec\_source/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jzge8k/palantir_pltr_correct_lock_up_period_w_sec_source/)
Cathie  is on fleximilfsdotcom
http://www.currentmarketvaluation.com
How many videos with Elon you think Cathie Woods has on her onlyfans?
[deleted]
I got Margin called. Now what...?
>Never selling

I don't understand this, you could pull $3 million out and literally be set for life just living off dividend trading rather than autistic options trading

Instead, if the TSLA bubble pops ur fucked
Baking soda
lmao tf u talking about? If you were right you'd explain. Nice try dumbass
[deleted]
Why
Hopefully it turns green before it gets big.
If anything they can probably get stimmy money and use it as an excuse to ratchet up premiums in the future. Bullish
😋
[removed]
Well you said it, so... Lol silly rules
You’re fucked at a rate of about -$2,700 more
Not with this negativety you wont
TLDR; PLTR 🚀
For real??
So just casually dropping political agenda into unrelated subreddits, huh? Well, good luck with that!
So fucking lame
Can you put general tsaos on bat? 🕵🏻‍♂️
And nickels are 25% nickel. Instant 150% return on investment over VALE.
Not really a scam, just ridiculously overpriced. Thank the government for that.
You guys ever be so bored you decide to take a shower just to experience something?
Cause it reminds people of this TSLA runup
By the way Tesla isn’t going to crash, everyone knows their earnings will scale up to meet the current valuation which is why it will end 2021 at over 2k a share. Bears still being bears in this market are delusional, just pick good stocks and go long this bull market still has years to go just stop with the bearishness...so many people are going to be jumping in the market this year we are very far from the top. I’ll tell you when the top is in don’t worry
Imagine being short TWTR because some trailer park trash are outraged 

Where you gonna go? Parler? Second rate shitty app design and oh wait it’s already banned on android and iOS 

Twitter has a monopoly and retards can get mad but they’ll still come back, you think all the famous people that spent years building their brand and followers on Twitter are just gonna leave? Lmaoo
How’s FSLY looking with the new Buyden administration?
Pleas crash again
CES week? This is the kind of information I wish I had when I sold my shares Thursday afternoon. When was it announced, last night?
I won’t bet on home prices coming down. We’re not going to have a replay value of 2018. Banks really crawl up borrowers ass before giving them the money.
🏳️‍🌈🐻
[deleted]
[deleted]
Go listen to Cathys monthly update on ark YouTube
Why though? They have a stronghold selling the weed. Anyone can do that. The people ready to supply a nation with the weed Are the best bet. They are built out for FL. CA players are built for national levels.
[deleted]
Yeah, I'd be more excited about VALE if they'd already paid brazil, so I could say with certainty that it's already priced in. I do have a small position in them (5 contracts) that's printing though so I can't complain.  


I really like vito's analysis calling for vertically integrated companies to perform well this year. Ultimately with the recent revelations of increasing iron ore, scrap steel, and countries governments looking at banning exports, MT, VALE, CMC are all looking great. I personally have the majority of my port in MT.
Way too many words
I hope so I’m buying long calls in all social media companies
I honestly wouldn’t even know where to begin to find the “real Q” posts but I find it hilarious to look at some of the screenshots and posts from them that you can find on Reddit/Facebook/etc. 

I’m all for a good conspiracy but the crap some of these people vehemently believe is insane
Everybody says they want a good dip to buy, but almost everybody gets scared and sells instead
It depends. You have to be very intentional with your major and your classes. You have to find a good deal. You have to network. 

Otherwise it’s a waste of time that saddles you with debt.

Just like life.
Tl;Dr; Boomers are fucked, their pensions are gone. Millennials with stocks will do well, those without stocks will starve.
WTF I hate Tesla now
Why don’t you just do a rollover?
Very nice..  I got $4k in calls... and may add more before Wednesday.
Special Olympics diving
[deleted]
especially those "foundational studies" which have jack shit to do with what you are actually studying for. Hey kiddo, you MUST study some non-native language in order to graduate. Crock of bullshit goes on in higher education.
"invited" I think we are done talking. Enjoy Parler. Oh wait.
Tomorrow?  How about now......
I hope it crashes
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

No rockets = bad post.

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The most important one is the Fap indicator 

Whichever stock giving you the biggest boner, you should fomo into fds
Why feed the house when you can be the house?
Hold my Tesla and apple stocks and watch bears get their tight assholes ripped open by green dildos
Amazon has fucked me over like that too.
Expecting +20 premarket with the 25k car news if it spreads far enough.
Apple should go to the 140 Mark
Bunch of pragmatists.

Idiots are dealt with quickly and harshly whether by mods or the community.
Hold my nio 60c 2/19! Buy some IPOD. Wait on the AFRM ipo, buy a tsla fd maybe..
Holding chegg puts here
bul is fuk
2022 seems way too soon
What is this Bernie vs Musk beef from?
i had shares and leaps when it was $3.50...
Probably worth it to hang onto one through earnings depending on your cost basis. I will be holding some 2022 low delta calls through earnings because I think they will beat estimates
400 shares deep selling covered calls.   🚀🚀🚀🚀
Why is everyone so bullish on PLTR today? Demo day run up?
SRPT btfd?
It's maybe because it's one of the rare subs where we're allowed to insult and mock each other constantly.

So we don't need to keep a broom up our asses and find a PC target to take it out on.
My JiggaWatts are at full mast
$500 candles 🕯
**[Uyghur genocide](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uyghur genocide)**

Since 2017, the Chinese government has pursued a policy which has led to more than one million Muslims (the majority of them Uyghurs) being held in secretive detention camps without any legal process. Critics of the policy have described it as the sinicization of Xinjiang and called it an ethnocide or cultural genocide, with many activists, NGOs, human rights experts, and government officials calling it a genocide.In particular, critics have highlighted the concentration of Uyghurs in state-sponsored re-education camps, suppression of Uyghur religious practices, political indoctrination, severe ill-treatment, and testimonials of alleged human rights abuses including forced sterilization and contraception. Chinese government statistics show that from 2015 to 2018, birth rates in the mostly Uyghur regions of Hotan and Kashgar plunged by more than 60%. In the same period, the birth rate of the whole country decreased by 9.69%, from 12.07 to 10.9 per 1,000 people.

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
Microwave the potatoes first
?
liar
Florida
FAGMAN?
Shower thought. Insurance companies are having to pay hundreds of millions or even billions for paying for Covid testing, hospital stays, vaccines etc. plus there is an outside chance Biden does some kind of public healthcare bill. I’m no 🌈 bear nor do I short anything really but this has to be a good time to short healthcare insurance companies no?
I may trade futes if we dip. Any red just buy and sell 2 mins later
No Fridays?
Sir, this is a casino
Ticker is too long
nobody uses that shit
As if they don't already
Yes plz
What's ur strike target?
If you go for non in demand fields/careers, yes.

STEM gang
Yeah College is a scam if you have to take out loans.
Yes like currency. The way you do this move is you decide how much of a stake you are willing to gamble on VALE, you transfer that amount to your checking account, rent a U-Haul truck to handle the weight of this enormous lode, go to your bank and say “yes hello I would like to withdraw (VALE amount) in *nickels*, please.” The cashier might sigh or look annoyed, but be forceful and refuse to be dissuaded. Wait for them the painstakingly count out the funds. Take you prize and head back to the Uhaul. Realize that $20 in nickels isn’t quite as much as you had anticipated, so you dump them in the cup holders and drive home. Store them under your mattress with the rest of your boomer investments.
Not as well as at  the Varrock exchange.
I understand your overall theme was to be bearish, but it's actually very very bullish. 

Please correct me if I'm wrong here. As I said, my views come from us. 

But you said at first there wasn't enough, online ordering was bad and delayed, and then there was too much. I actually love that the companies I've chosen have went through this. 

"There's not enough." Well that tells you demand right after legalization is of course way more than supply. CA companies are able to apply what they learned through canada's leaglization and apply it to US. 

"Online ordering was bad and delayed." Well basically any company that sees spikes in user like you'd imagine when the headlines are "legal weed online now!" are going to see some issues. However, they have had years to tinker with an already operating system. Whereas the US players will be dealing with the same first time problems CA players saw at the beginning. 

"There's too much!" Well right now there is, but once Mexico and the US open as legal markets do you really think there will continue to be an excess? Canadian companies are admittedly overbuilt at the moment, but that's only a negative until it's a massive plus.
Yeah, it did go even lower. WTF do I know, I'm a retard.
The one engaging in active genocide: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uyghur_genocide


End of story
try farting on them while in the oven. you'll get some explosive results
I mean, you're not wrong, but what you are implying is.
Historically, things a politician promised are much more likely NOT gonna happen than will, so.... short everything on this list?
Based
If they do good at the ICR then yeah probly
I agree.
More like: this is tesla 1 year ago. Tesla has made profits already
just keep posting here and you'll soon no longer be rich
A lot of people who have autism struggle in this day and age due to shit that people really wouldn't have cared about back when we were all running naked through the plains of Africa
>  "seek truth from facts"

From China? lol
Lmfao
Sapiens
This is the way
Like Michael Cohen?
> If I want to order MADDEN 2021 why wouldn't I just use amazon ect?

Why would people buy from Chewy.com when amazon exists?
[deleted]
GME under $17, NIO plays opposite however it opens tomorrow morning
What time is sherminator presenting?
No matter what happens stay strong and hold brother
I am absolutely disgusted with myself. Sold everything at exactly 3:28pm. My retardation should be studied in laboratory setting to analyze how best to inverse for maximum gains.
Username doesn't check out.
And the day after NIO day? Where in a lot of peoples opinion the event underperformed
Or Jesus Christ after the Coke.
[removed]
Yea that’s the one.
Same. Going to throw 500 at a lotto
[deleted]
I'm hoping for a monday pullback i used to freak out over red days but stonks only go up! Great way to do some shopping on things I want 👍
Literally a Vauxhall Astra
Stick them up your butt and wait 30 seconds.
Ok I’ll settle for a measly 500 a share then lmfaoooo, if the PE goes up to Tesla levels it’ll be thousands by then
Perfectly balanced in life. As all things should be
thinking you get Ackman on CNBC in the morning complaining about how america is falling apart but his spac is blowing up
Cathie Wood and Nance Pelose porn plz
please give me 700 tomorrow if possible
Its boomer thinking.  Like how my parents were trying to impress me by saying GM has not just GM model, but a bunch of other crop brands.  I said nah, let's get a civic
i don't think you're very sorry at all
[deleted]
I have a 850 sq foot condo in the greater LA area... worth 410k, can’t buy a home for jack shit!
Selling CC's, cost basis at 11.XX now.
[deleted]
That attitude is why you’re poor. Take it from a very wealthy person.
2008? That won't happen again, ever.
Yes, some sort of cultural awakening and unity is going to have to happen for us to overcome this. Until then, we’re fucked.
AAPL. 2023 calls have super low IV and with the whole iCar ramp up over the next few years you can get in now for fairly low premium
TSLA could tap into tankers! It's disrupting the oil market already!
It goes up. Sometimes down. And sometimes just flat.
[removed]
How’s ICLN trading at world 64 Zeah Woodcutting guild?
[removed]
[deleted]
Will also make money tomorrow
Please don't jynx it you motherfucker
Commie
Or people who FOMO could finally buy in at the dip, things don’t always avalanche just because a little dip
Government loans.
I don't know man. Serious concerns that all the social media companies are one privacy legislation away from advertising being fucked with Dems. And don't get me wrong, I support that shit. So I'm out on social media stocks for the time being
Everyone here has 1000c and 1100c. Seem a bit too retarded.
Please look for 3rd class thread.
legal mobile app gamble? count me in

I'm buying 5k worth this monday
[removed]
How to make hash browns cook faster?

Edit: I came for actual advice. Please don’t tell me to do anything with them involving my butthole.
> The CCP then turns around and says, “Great, NIO has a lot of foreign money, pull the plug on the VIE and nullify the contracts.” Now the Chinese company has all your money, and you likely have no judicial recourse or remedy like you’d have here with a pump-and-dump in the States. 

Would this make long term economic sense? Let's not assign morals to state actors - we can agree that they're going to do what is in their best economic interest. The above case is in *no way* in their best economic interest. One large scale usage of this and everything built in the same way will be delisted. The "great theft" will work exactly *once*, and it will end with sanctions that make Trump's tariffs look like a fart in a hurricane. No matter who is in power, if you fuck with the wealth of the upper-middle class and above, the US is not going to have it. This would have to be done after years of build up where US is highly invested in China in this manner, and when the rug is pulled out, it would *have* to be a crippling blow to the US - and possibly every other western power. It just isn't realistic. China would rather beat us economically, which they are in a really great position to do. It won't work that well if they are just outright stealing money. IP infringement works well because it provides markets with what they want, outright theft does not.
TLRY still mooning soon, right? My 12c 1/15 needs to print 1/22 1/29 12.5c
I’m all in puts and feeling confident.
Don’t forget about exponential growth
[deleted]
I’m theta gang. I usually sell weeklies. In this case I sold them 11 days out from exp.
[deleted]
preach brother.
50% chance the doors fly off

Bullish, TSLA $1000 on expected additional revenue on door repairs
1,8m\* degenerates

&#x200B;

whereas 0,9m bots from HF
Yea, CCP gets no PC. WSB autists too smart for Winnie the Pooh's traps.
You had me at 

"Best $100K I've ever spent."
revenue is not earnings
2 years out. Barely remember a thing. Got a job that required a degree tho. 

Yes it’s a scam tho
PLTR 1/21/22 50c easy money
$140 EOW!
His average is significantly lower than $16
Hands feeling so papery, ugh. Someone tell me which direction stonks go
2021 prediction: stonks will continue to go up this year. As long as they keep the money printers running, there's no stopping this train. Or rocket ship. Stay strapped in because betting against this market will just get you burned and then you don't get to play the game anymore.


But seriously, stimulus and QE will keep this thing inflated far longer than Burry and anyone else is predicting. TSLA has a better chance of hitting $1500 this year than $500.


Q2 of 2022? Start getting your parachutes ready.
Ever consider the reason why wages in jobs that illegals take are so low is because Americans are competing with illegals who work for minimum wage or less? We've seen that with e.g. the sting operations on meatpacking plants that natives will indeed accept the jobs when they're not being taken by sub-minimum-wage illegals.

The solution to H1B immigration is not to set labor prices for each position from the top down but to institute the immigration policies that the majority of Americans prefer, that is to say one that is more restrictive and which puts Americans first. And there are more externalities from uncontrolled immigration than just lower wages.
Percents
Hope it doesn’t look like that lmao
What is your favorite book?
[removed]
This is most certainly not the way.
10% dividend at current prices. It was much higher pre-covid, but they cut to clean their balance sheet and reduce covid risk.

Good question - I think there's some concern around US pipelines with the new administration, and uncertainty around fossil fuels. Exxon is still pretty depressed, for example.
Proud I picked up on it!!!!
I've noticed this on Reddit as a whole. 

Take a good look at comment history. What you'll see is a somewhat stereotyped American -- they comment lots on football and NBA subs, they have their favourite team flair on fantasy sports subs, they're even fairly active in some obscure, niche sub all to give the illusion that it's a *real* American and totally not some shill.

It's fucking weird. I got into a bit of a spat over whether or not the CCP actually had Uighurs in concentration camps or whether it was American propaganda. Took a look at the profile and it had everything I described. The perfect American reddit user. 

Next time something doesn't feel right with a user, check their post and comment history and you'll see all kinds of red flags.
Looks like tomorrow is your lucky day. NIO puts at open.
[deleted]
*Private
I remember the last time buyers said that
Finally a good fucking mod on this site
College is a fucking scam
For the love of god, please let this happen...
Everyone here should've just kept asking him where the FUCK Jack Ma is
[removed]
Been using RSI, VWAP, MACD and moving averages for some time now. Sometimes with success and sometimes it fails. It’s time to use the best indicator I could ever use. It’s time to follow my heart
OP is a fraud!
Go for it dude, I’m sure you can make money off it. Just ain’t my cup o tea bc I don’t like China or Chinese companies
When you think about it all stocks rally on the rumor they’re gonna rally
Button on the top right
Bruh ZM fucked me so hard I won't be over it till my contracts expire cause RH keeps on showing it to me.
Defense stocks
this post has to be a joke
Honestly, this sub should be deleted.
>What I do know from years of experience is that the statistical probability of a correction happening sometime in mid Jan-early Feb is pretty damn high.

your stats also looked when the gov was led by Dems in congress and the WH? Also considering the green energy market which has ballooned pretty good and the free money from the Fed (ultra low rates, big bond buying programs, and whatnot?). Something fucky has to happen for us to see a correction. Also you forget we had a steep correction last year. Not too long ago. 

tl,dr: moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

All that said i do agree in taking profits and enjoying them.
NIOs revenue will be 50 to 100 billion in 2022. If you do the math a PE ratio of 15 would be about 900 a share. Buy this stock ASAP they are only going to do what Tesla did but a lot faster with way better tech and products
I'm a bot. All Gain/Loss/YOLO posts should include screenshots of positions. These posts are either small potatoes, spam, or big moves which don't show position details. Users are not banned and can repost with better screenshots.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/toeofcamell|[Made over $5K this week! This sh#t is too easy](https://www.reddit.com/gallery/kuc6ho)
/u/BulkyDistribution832|[Rubber glove stocks](https://i.redd.it/sdwv4g7ulia61.jpg)
/u/johnrileymc6|[Who said hyper inflation was a bad thing again?](https://i.redd.it/6wyxf15tsia61.jpg)
/u/Zealousideal_Dot_638|[Gold to the moon?](https://i.redd.it/6pkxka8luia61.jpg)
/u/tm4ce|[2000 vs. 2020: Thoughts on these charts?](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuiv7u/2000_vs_2020_thoughts_on_these_charts/)
/u/anotheranon358|[Elon talks about possible AI day in 2021, see you autists on Monday 📈](https://i.redd.it/at55lshdmja61.jpg)
/u/Dry_Responsibility54|[First week trading options. Mostly $tsla calls](https://i.redd.it/6ejaor34xja61.jpg)
/u/imamilehigh|[Crisis averted!](https://i.redd.it/ee0d3ns27ka61.jpg)
/u/Sven10x|[Elon Musk Just bought GM only for the lolz. Yolo.](https://i.redd.it/9c7bcceudka61.jpg)
/u/NickShininger|[Went 100% in on SHIFT.... 😅🚀](https://i.redd.it/qn5vjsexlka61.jpg)
What are you playing February or March calls
you own $370 of ATT?
Designed in the USA. Assembled in China
Baba? You mean the company whose CEO is currently disappeared by the CCP?
I agree NVDA’s about to rip
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NickShininger the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’m not going to reach my goal of 1 billion dollars eoy if I keep going at the rate I am 😔
$15k in ICLN 7/16 30C since October
Theyre CFO is selling off all his shares be careful
Lol
Is there anyway for us to know that it wasn't both? I may have my tinfoil hat on but would cooking the books not work as a cover for the real crime?
Is there a first class thread for rich people such as myself?
[deleted]
I’m ready to run through a fucking brick wall!🚀🚀
[deleted]
They have a stronghold on Florida. They are perfect for acquisition
$20 by the end of the month would be better
Jesus Christ their cars are ugly
Any news?
Same thing, these days.
what dip?
Maybe you should look into it then. Maybe you’re getting real dd for once. Maybe you should stop letting your wife get pounded by her bf. (Seriously though Im busy and can’t get into it but you can always join the FB group)
If you’re too retarded to not realize everyone here is retarded and it obviously was just a pump play. Inverse everything on here except Tesla calls and you’ll be rich.
If you use the Blind Drunk strategy, it will only take a few moments.
"the statistical probability is high"

&#x200B;

\*gives no statistics\*
And this is the missing link that RC will fully solve. It is for this reason most of us are in
I think that on my deathbed my biggest regret will be "Why didn't I buy more of that stock..." while shedding a tear and drifting into the afterlife
[removed]
Yes. Expect peak around March this year. Anything after that is a total crap shoot
[2 people died in the 2019-2020 HK protests](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_Hong_Kong_protests) (neither killed by police, one killed by other protestors) while [USA police killed 1,099 last year, mostly African American](https://www.prisonpolicy.org/blog/2020/06/05/policekillings/). Now remind me which government is more oppressive.
Just fuckin don't
Wow. Sorry your dad is so dumb.
Nobody needs to read this post.

TLDR: The more government becomes involved in our lives (more money they take), the worse things become.
Thanks for your insights fellow retard. :)
May I ask: what does "141c" mean?
tards not autists, autists were all watching Trek, Xfiles, B5, MST3K, Sliders and SG1 (towards the end of the 90's anyway).
I’m hoping we see a dip too so I can buy it. Half my portfolio is now cash after getting assigned (maximum profit) on AMD calls I sold last Friday.
The rock has come back to retardville
keep watching bears get fucked
Open the god damn casino
[removed]
Biden is not solely responsible but largely contributed to it, especially the recent response to the infrastructure plan. But, it’s not a 1:1. A last second reversal holds more impact than the initial Biden win.
What is a put?
[removed]
Lol
It became a ghost town lol

People leaving in droves. Like every other blue utopia
[removed]
TSLA and NIO calls for EOW. Great lottos
Lets see another 6 kamara tds
>160

Tesla before or after the split?
Teach me
Specter level: Haunting 😎
https://i.imgur.com/KioHJmE.jpg
Think Bernies got Musk beat. The TSLA crash will come tomorow.
$CAT once bought a fake chinese company.  Madoff went decades even with people pointing out his returns were impossible.  The lesson is never underestimate greed.
Sauerkraut for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This is the way
Yeah no. That looks like a topping tail. Pass.
I FOMO’d my asshole wide open into PSTH at market close Friday

What’re we thinking lads
Riot is gonna fly tomorrow
Haha I did earlier... got downvoted to hell😂😂 

But TSLA 750p 1/15

We will see tomorrow

!remindme 1 day
TWTR literally has no financial future. They will always be what they are right now
FINALLY
Do some DD on who still maintains a large ownership stake in CLF after the sale....
>Hyundai iTunes Sonata

HYUNDi
Breaking the fourth wall.
The CCP is an evil organization, headed by a megalomaniac.

Never forget it.
Can just play them on Monday i believe. That's how its been for me last couple weeks
I’m locked in 🚀🚀🚀🚀
It will be past that after market open
that's why stonks have circuit breakers
Tsla only pussy
Gme calls
Indeed. If everyone could pump ICLN that would be great x
Sort of agree but don't see CGC and CRON going  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 as much as others like TRUL, GTII (or some sub $1bn which I understand are not meant to be mentioned here)
I love u bb but I don't think u understand how china internet works
I’m going to say it keeps going up $50 dollars a day infinitely based on the memes alone.
Cant do anything
All in NIO right now
I wasn't going to
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NickShininger the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/burnttoast14|[Is it too late to buy into TESLA?](https://redd.it/kum7jj)
/u/steventucker91|[Pro-American bots pumping American company Tesla.](https://redd.it/kumboo)
/u/sheetsb2020|[YouTube Wallstreetbts](https://redd.it/kumbmh)
/u/morimcklori|[Any thoughts about bilibili?](https://redd.it/kumq1n)
/u/WilliamHadleyyy|[Ideanomics: $IDEX is going to be the EV company of 2021, if Nio was the EV company of 2020, and Tesla was the EV company of 2019.](https://redd.it/kumrho)
/u/AFcuriousquestion|[TNXP 🚀 to the moon this week](https://redd.it/kumuwl)
/u/AFcuriousquestion|[TNXP 🚀 to the moon this week](https://redd.it/kumuwl)
/u/medicfire11|[ATOM To The Moon!](https://redd.it/kun0a3)
/u/NickShininger|[SFT to the mooooon 😅🚀](https://redd.it/kun0ui)
/u/Simple-Dream2145|[NIO all the way](https://redd.it/kun1vp)
Malcolm Gladwell covers don’t even catch the eye
Nah probably not
New thread is up.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Simple-Dream2145 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good memory mang
How’s buying the APPL,FB,TWTR,and GOOG dip tomorrow?I’m thinking it should drop off within the first two hours and then slowly rise up throughout the week. Month out calls should be the safest
Support
Im going to hold onto my positions for dear life. Maybe buy more PSTH
Send me a few WSB posts about people wanting to buy a Tesla within the last week.
BA 200p Jan15
Technical reasons. Bearish divergences on major ETFs. SPY approaching my top of the upward channel trendline on bearish divergence. Bullish divergence on UVXY hitting new all time low. Bullish divergence on the dollar breaking out of downward trend. My guess is SPY will gap up over my trendline, stall then fall a bit. Expecting some profit taking to happen before going back to new ATH. It's going to come back to the 20EMA sooner or later lol
[deleted]
[removed]
not that corn
We gonna dump? Fuck yea opportunity to load up on the cheap. Let them keep borrowing non-existent shares to short sell
They've applied similar tactics on Quora.
PLTR is going to run up to demo day and earning.
[deleted]
Haha, I was worried you were putting your life savings into the company.
This is true, 400k for a house for me, that was 360 at the start of the pandemic and i closed thinking “glad I got it at this price”. Appraised 10k above closing price 3 weeks later (it’s brand new)
I’m holding 1/13 puts. If there’s a dip like there was on Friday these calls will be up at least 50% and I’d sell right away
I’m heavily involved in the scene in Maine. It has come so far in the last 15 years. It would be catastrophic to caregivers and small shops. To be clear, I’m not against nationwide legalization or making money off weed(I have been for decades). I just don’t approve of the hostile corporate takeover of what hard working Americans have been fighting for, going to jail for, losing their homes from, for years. They say not to invest with emotion, but I can’t support something I don’t believe in.

Weed Maps SPAC is a hard maybe, tho
Stay strong. Already rebounding
Bullish
Is NIO up to $60 yet?
I’m cashing out in 2023. Got the bubble perfectly timed for exit
... shoulda just threw up that position then hoss. See watch me:

TSLA 1100C 1/15
[removed]
still waiting for the refs to find an additional 10 points for the WFT so my 90:1 super bowl bet can still pay off
Ok you guys, what was the last stock in recent meMory that was a sure shot
To rocket after the weekend and died hard on said Monday?


I can’t think any CAN TOU?
[removed]
Isn't this the conference they switched their area from retail to technology? IIRC people are thinking they're going to come out with something good due to this change.
no u
Fuck nio pampers where my BIDU homes at
This is the way
The recent surge just makes the previous chart look flat lol. They went from $5 in 2012 to $30 in 2014, then doubled again in 2018 to $60.
Go to your PC cancel culture sub if you’re one of those offended freaks. We call each other gay bears, autistic, and retards around these parts. And we’d call each other even worse if Reddit wasn’t such a pussy website that declares words as “bad evil and scary”

Grow a pair, you lil fuckin pussy boy.
Sounds like you're heading to work behind the Wendy's dumpster.
Home prices are out of control right now, I’ll wait
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All of the experts said there could be a 20% correction before eventually going up. That’s what’s happening now I guess
F
Damn I bet you’re invested in MSFT huh?
Nice they released the info so it can go further to the moon
TSLA rally’s another 7% on hopes of TSLA rallying another 7%

one of these days MMs will realize they don’t need to hedge all of the retarded weekly OTM calls y’all are buying...
only left left to pump is basically airlines and cruises and some of the giant oil stocks.
Hope were all investing in dividends stocks can't wait for my 26 dollars for the year
Based
Here’s a cool suggestion don’t invest in Chinese companies period
At least Americans have the illusion of freedom

I'm neither American or Chinese but I know which I'd rather be the world police
This is the hilarious commentary I’ve been missing out on at r/nfl 
https://i.imgur.com/mHQOkJv.jpg
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NickShininger the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah in theory. But these cars are more like Apple products then a PC. And you'll have subscriptions and update services that probably won't function unless you have the correctly coded and branded parts. We haven't even scratched the surface of consumer protections when it comes to electric and self driving automotive industries.
[removed]
Eat flesh
[removed]
MT and $MT 80/20
Would Apple ever use Tesla's supercharging stations?

Can't imagine having charging stations that are incompatible with vehicle.
Manifesting this
Prices will never go down.
[deleted]
got 250 shares at 14, just noticed options are available, might sell some cc
CCP should be disallowed to use the internet. Pay for covid-19 economic loss idiots
Keep an eye for other accounts will similar age. Bots are often made in batches at one time.
If this gets reported somewhere where people will actually see it, Monday TSLA would explode past 900.
Expecting a slight Monday pullback. If so I’ll take profits immediately and go calls again
Homie I'll buy a model to drive in the Model 3 with me.
My exit strategy is that my calls have an expiry or the little number gets big and turns green.
Not to mention the average Chinese citizen cant even access reddit LOL
Buy guns... SWBI
Lol send me a comment in a recent wsb post where people are talking about how much they want to own a NIO.
That’s what the obvious choice is and since the market likes to humble even the most seasoned trader. PUTS it is
This guy fuks.... bears.

Personally if a girl told me she buys puts I don't think I'll get that far.
any thougths on BIDU and BILI next week? riding weeklies now
Steiner math
In that case I’ll chose a model X!
You would not need to switch since steam will be part of gamestop can’t stop :)
Should’ve at least got some 1/13s. They will probably be profitable at some point throughout the trading day though
TSLA sold 500k cars while NIO sold 7500 lol. But this is why I think NIO will go to the moon, it can get 50x bigger and not break a sweat in tsla's valuation
There will be. Mark my words!
Hello fellow kids
🚨🚨🚨🚨 Freakzilla 🚨🚨🚨🚨
[deleted]
I believe in u
Welcome to wall street bets is all I can say
like this?  [https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/move-mouse/9nq4ql59xlbf#activetab=pivot:overviewtab](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/move-mouse/9nq4ql59xlbf#activetab=pivot:overviewtab)
Big Poppa Pump & Dump
SPCE April calls should be free money.  Don't even have to hold through flight...just need flight to be announced.
Because removing all debt creates security forever. Its about risk tolerance and life goals though for OP. Nothing would be more soul crushing than letting this ride and losing 1/2 or 2/3's to a market correction or a huge problem with tesla that could tank its value. Personally if I got to this point, i'd never forgive myself for not taking advantage of it to give myself, and family a sense of security and comfort because I wanted to yolo more tesla. That's just me though.
You're a fucking legend.
This sounds like a good 3-4x opportunity
gosh, those bid-ask spreads 🤮
They are sky high now... just bought one and damn.
As a Canadian who bought many weed stocks at start of hype most still aren't making a profit.

People way over estimated how much weed people would want.
Couple that with our horrible online ordering where stock wasn't available and delays were weeks or months for ordersz they really fucked it up.
Every province has their own rules for sellers wnd every city has their own rules in consumption.
So many people are still confused and there's still a stigma.
We even now allow gummies and other edibles and still not a huge take rate.

Aphria ended up being a shill .
Canopy was poorly managed.
Don't get me started on the rest.

Most people still go to illegal dealers simply because it is difficult to purchase things legally or prices are much higher from official stores.

Also most companies have rules about weed in the body and they prevent employees from potentially using.

The actual market was way over estimated.

Not saying america won't have a good amount sold but canada sure didn't boom as expected.

The online experience from what I've heard was poor at best.
Lmao
I think that's British. Source: am Australian
But there’s no Reddit nickel award
have CORN and SOYB, TA dont really work in commodities IMO, the trend is still bullish and it still has a lot of room when you look back at 2008-10 level
Who’s watching this Saints game on Nickelodeon?
It just popped up when I signed on...they might be randomizing the accessibility
[removed]
I bet there’s a handful, including Cramer
manipulated
Here comes the gay bear downvote brigade!
I really hope that TSLA hits even higher than that
This.  Bet on the jockey, he'll find the right horse.
CMC earnings before open tomorrow. Gonna be a big day.
Ban. CCP shill
I want to see steel cage & ladders 😤
Let's play some edward PLTR 40 hands
[This is the first thing I picture when I see any hyped DD in this sub](https://www.lejeunefoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/JLF.jpg)
Heyyyyy😞
So basically they will make a Hyundai for 5x the price?
Here you go:  r/NIO.
How many of you are going to buy a house once COVID dies out from all the tendies you gained in 2020? Media talking about foreclosures but I have a weird feeling real estate prices are going to rocket after COVID
On friday it will end up in 30, patience.
[deleted]
Yeah. Tough choice. Maybe book profits to cover initial investment and let the rest ride? Good luck bro i was looking at aapl calls earlier. Just bounced off some support, chart looming 👍
You fucked up, never sell unless its CLEAR. I mean CLEAR its FRAUD, aka NKLA. When the CEO resigns and everyone says theres no company its time to sell. NIO is a legit dope ass company.
Confirmation bias. You only know of the ones that moon.
FUCK NIO. Any downvotes are certified to be from the CCP bots.
PT for $VALE over the next few months?
wolf of wall street quote
Hey fellas...Big Gulps, huh? Alright, see ya later!
But playing vix through the years great potential for 2021 too. Pretty steady up and down swing pattern.
Watch my steel calls print... I hope.
How did you do it?
Yeah I completely just threw a number out there I have no idea wtf will happen😂 just confirmation bias for my puts
So, the rest of the automotive industry has at most 5 years to get their shit together before Apple owns the industry.
How do you get that?
lmao happened to me a few times. worst fucking feeling ever
Says the one searching for shit to get upset over. Grow up and accept that people will speak how they choose to
Bears gonna lose to the Saints. And then to the Money Printer when futures open.
My move tomorrow is to “invest” large sums of money
[deleted]
Grow the fuck up.
My nio FDs are!!!
If I downvote every post will anything bad happen to me?
what is
Did this research involve crayons and glitter graphs on construction paper?????  If so I'm sold
Can confirm. Am 12
I'll have the chicken breast hold the chicken
[removed]
[deleted]
Fuck this guy
77th!
Canoo is targeting both consumers and businesses.  They are doing consumer pre-orders already.
NVDA uppers.
[removed]
More like moonsday clock, amirite?
As I already told you, this thread made it to the front page and caught my eye as I scrolled by.

I felt like dropping a Fuck China message by declaring, rightfully, that Americans wont buy Chinese cars.  Get over it.
The China hustle is literally mentioned in every post about Chinese stocks.

Why don't you let people choose how they prefer to lose money
Gonna see how my $DDD weeklies do then liquidate part to get some $GME weeklies in case the ICR goes well
Nio
Wait what? How?
Big if true
Nio dd? Dump
Scalping Twitter puts at open. Let’s get these ez tenders.
Eat fresh peen
Got $133 02/05 calls for earnings but don’t know if to hold thru earnings
50 50 y not
Who cares if it can compete, the stonk gonna bonk into the moon pretty soon
Cheers man happy new year you just saved my stupid ass so much money
Maybe, it's a meme stock... buying leaps on a meme company sounds kinda wild to me but what do I know
Moving my "safer" funds to ICLN and a few other solar plays, that's how good I feel about it
[deleted]
Lol V shape recovery on rule 4. I’ll never touch it.
For next year, right?
IV will be super high - I’m going to let the weak hands shake out (for options)
up!!
Hmmm 🤔 I can see it.
STPK to the moon!!
[removed]
Panasonic is the main supplier but not the only one. The technology is proprietary of Tesla as far as I know. Hence they being produced in Gigafactories.
Gimme a tldr/tldw
Are you saying what happened past Wednesday was the same as what happened during kavanagh?
No
More terrible idea.  Weeklies are unqualified calls.  He'll lose the long term capital status the moment he writes weeklies against it.
Japan found a new COVID strain. Diversifying plague pathogens sounds like some r/investing type shit so our OTM calls will definitely print again.
Big fucking titties
I am glad they went with Korea instead of CCP
Look at Tesla 10Y chart.  Though its gone up a few% more than 200....not sure most its gone up in an hour though.  Probably not close to 200.
Just doesn't seem reasonable. Here we all are buying the dip faster than fuck, but the selling pressure is supposed to outweigh that? I don't think so, but whatever...
A lot of people actually expects terrible results, I hope they are already priced in. Do not forget we already dumped from 22 to 17
It means you're trying to drum up support for an organization you work for or have a stake in but in a way that makes it seem you are unaffiliated with them. A non government example would be EA having their employees pose as consumers and write positive reviews on Steam. It drums up support for their game but looks organic.
They're getting a little desperate, I see. Isn't the Chinese market on the verge of collapse?
ICLN BITCHES 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
If you want boomer stuff, maybe LEAPS on REITs like $SPG.  Maybe the better deal/slightly more risk is something like $MAC or $TWO

Telco is pretty boomer. I like $T, I think they'll get their debt under control selling some shit and HBO Max + Warner will be decent when they ramp up milking shit like Sopranos and Game of Thrones.. following Disney.

$BA is another good boomer stock.

Everything here I think would be a good leap play, add like 6 months to whatever date they estimate that 'rona will under control.
Need more rockets. ACB is the play for me, meme potential combined with the 23,000 Reliva outlets
This! I really like X and VALE. Printing over 1,000% in some X calls from last month. I’ll probably roll them forward. I like X because they are highly levered and indebted but it’s always these commodity companies that boom most when you see a price turnaround. Also, I like VALE. You also get the added exchange rate benefit with VALE since they are dealing in Brazilian Reals. Assuming the dollar continues to depreciate of course...
Do stick your dick in crazy.
[deleted]
Lol. No correlation whatsoever. BS appeal to prior success argument. "Trust me bro".

Fwiw, I have been in GME at the time WSB was calling GME folks retarded.
Thanks, just ordered it. Time to psycho analyze myself
yeah

unless leap PUT
fuck u im 14 boomer
I’m no 🌈🐻 but..... 😝
it’s 3 cents a share. that’s 3 dollars ya cheap fuck!
doing the same
Looks like a bobby-car
And the autist in me loves it
I’m just here for the bullshit. Futures on Sunday don’t matter because I’m not trading them anymore.
March AMZN calls if we see a dip
MARA dip
godammit i'm in…
i like this STPK play. Are you an engineer? Could you elaborate your rationale behind this? 

I sort of lack the technical details so would appreciate if you could pinpoint a few things.

thanks
[removed]
GME 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Enron is not a persuasive comparison—not only do you have to reach back decades, but several transparency and accounting laws spawned from Enron; companies and public accountants must comply with these laws or else suffer criminal penalties. 

Has CCP done anything similar post-LCKN?
to buy the stocks lower
Hyundais are crap though always breaking down and overall shitty why would apple not want a more reliable brand.
I can guarantee that a lot of the money in 'all the above' is new money too - less than a year of experience, all they know is up, and no 💎🖐️.

If a pullback occurs, I think it'll accelerate quite quickly.
Bitch tiddies
I take it your new here
PSTG, ICLN
y call?
Can’t decide if I should go all in with Tesla or Nio this week :(
🦓🦓🦓

*stripe*
Anyone here actually 50+ years old? No BS
I'm dead.  Why are we downvoting him this is the most wsb thing I've read today.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/throw_away707589 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
🔮👁👅👁🔮
If anyone pumps NIO I don't give a fuck if they're chinese because damn im in the money baby
[removed]
[deleted]
Buycln
Will the company be around by then?
[deleted]
EXPC AND NIO
In 20-30 years you will have close to one million.
My print library is still pretty big...but my electronic library is massive. iPad Pro made it a much better experience
[removed]
I will jerk off w you a ha ha jk... unless👀
I think average would still be better here. How is allowing an 17-18 year old agree to a 200k loan with almost-zero income not predatory lending? Those outliers should be included in this statistic.

The doctors and lawyers that pay off their loans in 3-5 years should not.
Wells Fargo (WFC). $40 options expiring in June. Enjoy
I'm grabbing some for June. Look at VALE too, cheaper premiums right now
Just got 0dtes on RH, I’m so fucked
You can do it homie
WE RIDE AT DAWN FUCKBOIS PLTR TO THE MOON
Edit: 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
People on left and right united by autism, greed and impatience.
[removed]
This week
$Telsa only going up baby 📈 along with $Nio 📈💸 who’s with me ?
This guy gets it
#FIRST
Maybe to minions like you. To us rich people markets are never closed.
Where can I watch on my phone
Yeah right... Millionaires from Russia or Ukraine hanging out at McDonald's like it's a fancy place and not full of teenagers 

Apparently you've never been to either country so how about stop spreading blatant misinformation
NIO isn't cheap. They only have luxury vehicles. There are other EV makers who make cheaper ones.
PSTH to take TSLA public in new merger.
Bullish
I'm in UVXY calls and INTC puts lol let's see some volatility
Image still commenting in the weekend thread.. couldn’t be me
Chinese Elon make me hornyyyyyy
It’s real. If you’re down to bet I’ll prove it
I bought 0 DTE  SPY 381C 1/11/21  at 1:41pm Friday for .55 which I’m up 180% as of close.  RH shows SPY bottom out at 1:40pm 💁‍♂️
Gonna watch Mitch Trubisky suck
Same here. Initially regretted it, now relieved!
People fail to realize China has A LOT OF people, billions, they have enough people to dedicate A LOT of time on propaganda. 

Propaganda is a vital for CCP survival
Go easy on him, his wife's boyfriend sold him a GME call that expired worthless and he's not been the same since.
ARKK gonna moon this week
[deleted]
PUTS ON NIO!!
no u
G H I V
 BFT!
What will Gold do this week
Jerk off to my steel gains 🚀🚀🚀
Fake news
ghiv to moon this week
More $ICLN leaps bc i don’t hate money
which company?
[removed]
Cnbc mentioned they(i think they were talking about the WHO) were gonna green light more vaccines due to shortages. Anyone got a link to that?
Jeff had bigger plans for Amazon,  even back then.
The kids even hang out at NIO houses!!!
Buy icln
It’s being MIC so quality doesn’t matter 🤣
This is the way
100th
Make a WSB site, fuck reddit if the mods just direct traffic there it will fill up. Enough retards will donate to pay hosting costs
source? I have not seen or heard anything ab that
Shitcorn
I wanna bone Tulsi Gabbard
Tell him to make puts on all solar and EV stonk if that’s what he really believes.  Watch him go broke fastly and bigly.
OP is an autist because he doesn’t know, **all** “DD” is *propaganda*.  /s
Congrat.

many people here recommended you to sell weekly covered calls.  DON'T DO THAT.  If you sell weekly covered calls on the stock,  the long-term capital gain benefit is gone.  So when you get to sell the stock (or share called away), you'll get hit with a short term gain tax rate.

If you really want to sell covered calls,  make sure it's qualified calls, not the weekly BS.
[removed]
Upvote if you’ll lose money tomorrow.
Marked!
GME GME GME
Shut up college boy
Calls on aapl gonna do what tomorrow asking for multiple people
Hope nflx goes up so I make money, that's my plan
Unless the browns win and go to KC instead, which is very possible
All of them, forget cohen, Mr. Beast CEO of Gamestop taking us to the moon
No no no it's 2023
Concentrate on the CCP so we can turn a blind eye to all the other lies in our society.
/end thread
Tesla All In
Another NIO shill
Wow never been this early to a new thread
[deleted]
Dump it all in GME 🚀 Soon he will be buying restaurants instead of eating at them 🚀
B F T
Pltr 🚀🚀🚀
GOEV bagholders like myself cheer
[deleted]
Twitter probably has some great opportunities coming up. Don't know which side though, maybe a strangle. You have people investing or divesting on emotion, definitely the retardation that this sub can gain on. 👌
How tf do some companies trade sideways for 10 years and then just suddenly shoot up 200% in an hour? Is it an illuminati thing? How do I get in on it
[deleted]
Wow based on the volume on you guys online right now sadly, Monday is gonna be a blood bath! Don’t fuck this up for me!!!
I think that was me. I dropped my wing.
Me too brother.    Me too
8th
plays you're eyeing next week?
> Keep in mind, all chinese corporations are owned by the ccp.

I know, and this is a legitimate concern, but cooking the books is one thing, the CCP pulling the purse strings and defrauding an company's shareholders is another thing entirely. No one would ever invest in a Chinese company if they did that, or at least one would hope not.
NIO
Will get lost in the comments, but a lot of the bots train the ML in sports subrditst because the comments are fast and furious.
Psychedelics
Stonks only go up 😊
[deleted]
Arkg
Buy more BABA calls
[deleted]
Hey
All the new people upvoting this thinking it would be a fun contest not knowing WSB history
Bro I’ll buy a model of a Model 3, bless us more Elon!
Finally
The MM do not know if SoftBank or we are buying those options though. Perhaps they could create an ai to try and figure out who is who but that could fail them. What they do now makes them plenty of money. I just don’t see a need for them to change their strategy other than increase the price of premium
Hello boys
[deleted]
First
Dick bears down with green dildos
Both. Where you think they get the footlongs for the pornos
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
See retards, coinbase protected you for selling the bottom
You make so many assumptions here that I'm not sure it matters what I say. I have no idea if the guy works at NIO. And based on the research ability shown in this thread, I doubt many of you do either.
I did not know that, but it does not surprise me. They did much the same to Gamesa, a Spanish wind turbine company.
You son of a bitch, I'm in!
[deleted]
Can all the retards/autists unite and start a movement on twitter for Papa Musk to buy Gamestop? #daddybuyGME ? Please... fellow GME bagholder
The dipshits pushing Chinese Starbucks were also obvious shills. But, IIRC, those dimwits were already banned.
Good, keep commies out of our wonderful market.
You probably should.
Fuck I had calls on your portfolio
Exactly - Gab is as good as gone if they gain any traction. Any competition will be wiped out like Parler
The new paperboy/nsa agent rides his Tesla electric scooter on his rout every morning force uploading the new issue of Washington post onto all your devices while scraping all your meta data
The majority of people are to dumb to separate the two.
There is a 12 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 5 years on [**2026-01-10 08:27:46 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2026-01-10%2008:27:46%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku5pjl/remember_when_amazon_was_overvalued_this_is_tesla/giqw9km/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fku5pjl%2Fremember_when_amazon_was_overvalued_this_is_tesla%2Fgiqw9km%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202026-01-10%2008%3A27%3A46%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ku5pjl)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
You mean Jackson vs Bills
Here's the press release on that if anyone wants to see the wording/details - it isn't $87 billion to Canoo, although I'm sure they get a chunk of it: https://www.hyundainews.com/en-us/releases/2982
[deleted]
Well if QC0M uses their smartphone pricing model, as a percentage of unit's sale price, you might be missing some zeros.  Apple spends around $90 an iPhone 12 on the snapdragon modem(alone). They make $18 to $33 off phones that don't even use their hardware, just patents. The PR implied NIO would be using a lot more than just their 5G modem. This is just a taste at what's to come from the autos part of the[ir] 5G SAM. 

Even talking out of your ass, you're still pretty stupid by WSB standards. I hope you bought puts.
I have $10k in calls, please let this happen
Is it Monday yet?
Two hours til we spend all day and night looking at green and red numbers
Stock buybacks should be illegal. I don’t know why this is even allowed to begin with other than rich corruption lobbying for it (lobbying should also be illegal).
What state?
Soooo invest in the companies the CCP likes
Never said that all business out of China is illegitimate. But you're a retard if you think that they wouldn't lie about their financials, there literally is no consequence to them for doing so.
Actually haven’t decided, so tempted to hold thru earnings but don’t wanna get IV crushed again lol
Based
Agreed. Was just hoping they’d preview the M2 chip but they literally just released the M1.
Gonna look for the run up for X MT and VALE tomorrow.
I have $10k in calls, please let this happen
The fact that GME hasn’t been to $33 in the past few years is irrelevant. Original comment says you should only believe the resistance estimate if you believe in TA which is like believing in astrology. I personally don’t believe in TA for a timeframe longer than daytrading.
MT leaps or out a couple months?
[deleted]
Someone made a good point that the calls I have for AAPL are too far OTM. There's a lot to options, so be careful. Bet small, lose small.
TWTR and FB puts? 🥭 could try to some psychotic shit to them on his way out the door
Zuck my dick u/notccpbot
[deleted]
You... take an ethical stand against stocks because people can lose money gambling on them?

Why are you even here?
Taking HOOT public
Monday open friendly?
People talk about wanting to buy a tesla car in wsb. People never talk about wanting to buy a NIO car in wsb. 

>My point is why would you be surprised that people on WSB think about stock prices

What?
So your daddy gave you money now you want people to do the work for you?
M$ source code getting leaked isn't anything new, any competent intel agency has had it for years anyway
Def in a great spot for nickel contracts for the e.v. space
Reminds me of when Jinping referred to Putin as "my best, most intimate friend". Does not translate from Chinese well.
Pull it
Not the most insane trip I've seen on this sub, but I appreciate you pointing out to look at the purple line so retards like me know what is going on.
Even then, it wouldn't be as good of a representation as the median. There's gonna be people who took on 60k+ per year in undergraduate degree and graduating with 200k+. Median is usually the best in determining the average person.
[removed]
agree + big upside if there is a big infrastructure bill
Drool
Your meatball sub will definitely print
[removed]
What's everyone's thoughts on QQQJ June $40.00 calls?
Why was Corey Davis on the sideline crying
[deleted]
How does that factor in splits?
Thank you! That really helps. 

I want to play around with a couple that are at 18 and 20 cent premiums. those sound like a great practice play. 

AAPL might be a good one!
Frankly they've launched enough shit recently.
wtf is that subreddit. Are there actually young people out there that unironically like the CCP?
Only if they announce this week and only if it's better than Subway...
No shit. This was four years ago, back when we all breathed on each other. 👍
Disgusting bot.
Load your PLTR shares and bang bang at $100
Rotation into stoinks, bullish
Sounds like it’s time to move bro.
Im taking the edgar allens next week
Value is dead. I don’t want to pay anything less than 100 P/E for owning a company. I am also willing to pay virtually any price tag for a company that is showing herculean revenue growth as long as they promise to never become profitable
Yes but market makers will not bet against softbank, then they can not take that risk. Betting against WSB is easy money because WSB will not (and can not) buy a really big amount of the shares.   


You do not get my post, i just say that softbank or big fund can force MM to hedge but WSB can not. That my whole point and MM wil addept on that.
Why will it be down though? What catalyst are you referring to?
Let's see these perfectly formed hands. Asking for a friend
grow the fuck up
The internet, AKA the biggest circlejerk 

Bet my entire portfolio fattie wouldn’t pull shit like that IRL
this sounds retarded I'm watching from the sidelines TSLA to moon
based
Holding 560 calls. I’m hoping for a legendary pump.
Theyll all get bought out by Marlboro one day anyway
corn vs gold returns since March?
I think this is the prediction I agree with the most. Everything tangentially related to EVs is exhibiting the greatest bubble behavior. The number of SPACs being listed is increasing dramatically, and just about every EV SPAC is skyrocketing. When the bubble pops, the whole EV sector is going down.
grow the fuck up, baby
HAHA, this guy's a 9-5 wage cuck. Your boss fuck your wife yet?
I just saw Bill Ackman sucking on some tits at Hooters
[deleted]
Denial.
Put 🍏 on it and people are ready to spend an arm and a leg.
gonna print
Hopefully GRVY has a good week
https://www.hyundainews.com/en-us/releases/2982
What is internet token and how does it relate to my investments? tia
This sub really is full of retards lmao.
Nice bro. Hold thru earnings or nah
No but Kodak will
“**See Bears? The number don’t lie! And they spell disaster for you when markets open!**”
These numbers don’t lie
the last thing pornhub wants is more public scrutiny at the moment my dude. not happening.
Lawyer here. Not always true. Look at Obama’s immigration acts. Donnie tried undoing many of those and courts wouldn’t allow it.
Up 200% on them
Wednesday
[deleted]
If i had money for an award, id give it to you
I swear to you father, I am not what you say. I swear I am actually just a retards father.
Your calls are RIP
grow the fuck up
Can confirm that I'm still living at home with my parents because financially, it's not worth it at all to move out. The average apartment rent in Southern California would be like 50-60% of my income for a single bedroom apartment.
He is a coward...14% up for the last 3 years. No proof of the autism the doctors warned his mom about
Think he forgot here we do DD and that his posts are public. Haha incels rub me the wrong way.
They really know how to shake out ppl watching the price action
So OP is saying, NIO, BABA, or any other Chinese company could potentially be a scam... This is like saying TSLA could potentially be a scam after they already sold thousands of Model S's. This post is beyond stupid. BABA and NIO have well established products. Not because there has been well documented scam companies coming out of China does it mean all companies coming out of China are potentially scams. The later statement implies that all business done in China could potentially be illegitimate.
I see (and make) a lot of "CCP is literally Hitler" posts but "CCP is literally Darth Vader" is 100x better.

Thank you for defending our community against the Chinese government's invasion.
IP BAN- *ZuckyBoo*
[removed]
>What happened with Luckin is different than the described scenario.

On the surface, yes. And someone is taking the fall for the story we all know about. But do we really know? Keep in mind, all chinese corporations are owned by the ccp.
Hoes have a lot of entitlement
[removed]
Yolo calls
I watched it happen already on a state level and I don't see massive difference in national level.
40 is the dream <3
I also avoid their tech and products as much as possible.
Jokes on him, I'm a centrist and an autist.
Tell me these PSTH 1/15 30c will print
They let microsofts source code get leaked.
More stocks owned by retailer = less stock available to short, unless you're the one opening calls/puts which allow positions to short. The thing is, there are signs of naked short selling. If there are no stocks left to short then they will scramble to cover. See VW infinity squeeze and KBIO infinity squeeze.

As much as it is paddled that a squeeze is coming, if there are no imminent danger then MM and shorters can keep delaying it safely. It will only happen if say RC suddenly announce a GME acquisition, which would trigger an infinity squeeze from shorters trying to cover.
check their newly published patents about new features they add every week to their codes, really hard to make that happen, they will be able to identify anyone just from the color of his/her underwear.
I meant to comment fuck the Chinese but I was too hungover and ignored it.
It's been pretty damn obvious that the CCP bots and the paid DNC shills who usually only frequent popular subs like /r/politics have been spamming WSB for quite some time
Reddit has been under a barrage of CCP propaganda for the last few months, I've never seen it this bad before.

Fuck the CCP!
[deleted]
#Apple returns to CES to talk privacy, not products

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/01/07/tech/apple-privacy-ces/index.html

Bullish or bearish week for Apple
Illegal immigration only provides cheap labor in positions that are largely already minimum wage.

H1B’s could be considered a legitimate problem, yes.

The only real solution is to have the government step in and regulate company spending to be allocated more toward wages of their (non-C level) employees
I thought he will profit if the stock goes up 10 dollars overnight? Im under the assumption is doesnt even have to hit 80 if goes up in price in lets say, 2 weeks?
I will buy one and have sex with it every night
Bought 250 puts, sold when it was $268. Legit cashed out at the absolute bottom..not gonna lie..was kinda stoked.
Fuck fuckity fuck fuck fuck

Now go back to sleep
lol, after the catalyst? why not week before?
I literally timed the *exact* bottom to the minute. Absolutely astounding. Truly transcendent level sell the dip skills
Oh come on CCP doesn't give a shit about 20 yo retard americans in reddit, you guys have your egos up your asses you aren't getting downvote botted lmao this post is just trash. That poster is just an average r/wsb troll just china flavored.
Bears r fuk
[deleted]
My point is why would you be surprised that people on WSB think about stock prices? That is the whole point of this forum.
Can't wait to see quality control on this thing
[removed]
lmao comparing the financials of a '99 online bookstore to a 2020 space/transportation company that rich people and tech dorks love and want to buy even more of. if elon has another alien baby i easily see a price target of $1500
Based
[deleted]
Kinda want to go all in VALE
Tesla just sells cars = Amazon just sells books.
Looking to get some calls Monday in expectation of a dope Thursday. Godspeed retard.
AAPL $133 02/05 any good? Bought me some on Friday
based
Where do people get confidence like this? Lmao

https://www.reddit.com/r/WhereAreAllTheGoodMen/comments/kua0zx/im_old_fat_and_ugly_but_dont_you_dare_be_the_same/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Since everything is “MaNiPulAtEd” to you pussies why don’t you play on the same side as the “manipulation” and make money instead of bitching about it like a beta on Reddit 🤔
Yes please
Why do people feel the need to say CCP instead of just China or the Chinese government? Like do people think it makes them sound smarter or is it just a "spoooooky communists!" dog-whistle?
Yeah and you get to keep your political thoughts. I’m not gate keeping anything, nor talking about politics in general, unless directly related to investments. There are dedicated subreddits for that. Yet, it doesn’t change the fact that Americans not buying Chinese cars has very little to do with discussing about NIO at this point when they are not looking to expand there.
It’s not even a new concept either. The Mossad has been doing this for decades in order to conflate anti-Zionism with anti Semitism
[removed]
She’s sayin she loves the mayo dipshit...
Yeah. Not having to wait for people is amazing. My old gym only had 3 benches, 2 squat racks, and 1 deadlift station. Total nightmare at busy times. No commute is also incredible. It was only a 5 minute walk from my apartment to my old gym, but nothing can beat a 30 second walk to the garage.

The only drawback is working out in below freezing conditions. Need to spend extra time warming up and stretching before leg days. The upside is when the weather is nice I can leave the door open and get tons of fresh air.
[deleted]
swear more, makes you sound tough
Eat Fresh or Eat Peen 

Which one is it
Guess I’ll nap till future open
Oh I'm so sorry for disrespecting you and this sub with my irrelevance
Lel
[deleted]
nav? how does net asset value factor into this?
I'm thinking shares.
Lol 3 hours ago was all TSLA bulls then shit corn started shitting the bed and bears came out of hibernation
[removed]
[removed]
CCP can zuck my dick
Good stuff. 

I def agree mods decided it’s risky enough to just delete and distance.
Wish this would move a bit. Being patient.
Are you fucking serious?
So would I. You boys like Mexico!?!
Again, do I need to repeat: "Short Squeeze"?
Also it was beyond over-extended. TA is extremely effective on beetcoins.
80 (max strike) jan 2022 leap
There was backlash against GME?

What did I miss? I thought we all understood the **squeeze will happen sometime around April**, why is everybody getting paper hands in *January?*

Fill me in if you can.
Buy both. Diversify!
I don’t care how reputable a polling agency is, you’re not getting genuine results from a land where people that voice the wrong opinion disappear.

Okay, that one case sucks. Shit happens. Wildly irrelevant.
Source?
I sold a GOEV 20c expiring this friday, are my shares fucked? I only have 170 of em :/ I was just trying to collect weekly premium like I always do..
Let's not get all hastily angry with China remain calm and steady. We are slowly chipping away at their country. There are many wealthy Chinese taking there money, and education out of China to western nations. Don't get angry at the beast, just slowly starve it.
Nickel is going to be the new gold mark my words
Worry about yourself you little punk fuck bitch
[deleted]
Nah, I check the few last weekend dips over the last 3 months. It happened twice in premarket.
How does my post about the Roblox direct listing get me banned but this bullshit post makes the cut?
tsla is going to 1k next week
CCP or no CCP. NIO to the moon!
Paper hands is a horrible disease
All I ask is that TSLA gets to 1000 by EOM, sooner the better
[removed]
any good ones other than CCJ?
I just disagree best example is what SoftBank did this summer. Way more buying power than us
[removed]
GOEV
Sunday Bears
PSTH buys pornhub confirmed
Just dont eat anymore bats or lemme know before you do at least. Tryna Ackman this year.
Bull gang bullies bear gang, it’s why they call it bullying.
[deleted]
Gravity! *mic drop*
then they all realize bitch corn is even worse
Tax is theft
[removed]
That's okay. Only 50 bucks and change. All it takes is one idiot to buy them up by accident.
Fuck China
I haven't seen an OP so eager to suck a subreddit's dick since I went on /r/gonewild this morning
oh wow, down 0.3%. it was down 0.5% earlier. super helpful stuff
I predict green across the board except red for my portfolio.
I bought $4000 of GME because of this post.
Too many tsla bears

Shouldve held my calls 

Buying back in monday
Everything has run, I can’t find anything that’s been dogging it for leaps lately
Not feeling good about my $17.5s that were supposed to be my profits.
5-10 dollars? top kek
Demo day EOM

it’s going to 35 until then
[removed]
Steel is a 3-6 month play, you'll multiply that money in MT, VALE, CMC, CLF.
lol
or you can just spout off uncensored and make everyone cringe by your ignorance and lack of self-awareness, doing you a favor bro
Wish my aapl leaps were 2024 lol
I don't think I'll ever know the difference between a regular Wall Street bet posts and a shill post, unless it's an awesome meme that they've invested less than 2 minutes in
That’s what you get for trading short term options lmao. Just hire a CPA...
missed this shit
Wishful thinking from bears
Yes
what commercial?
12 yr old bots are my fetish.
Dude played himself
Okay, well in reality, short term (speaking 6mo - 12mo) after legalization the big guys will dominate based on supply alone. They will be among the few able and ready to start shipping shortly after laws are in place. After supply levels out, then I would suggest going with the smaller guy focused on quality as they will always have a supply problem keeping up with demand. Always.
If you think that bots aren't taking over reddit, you're either blind, or don't browse any other subs.
oh shit thanks for the heads up
Coinbase?
yeah we'll see. alts popping off the last week or so was a huge red flag for this being late in the cycle but nobody seemed to be worried about it.

don't have any corn and don't think people should panic yet because right now the pattern looks pretty similar to jan 2-4 which obviously pumped afterwards to new highs but it has the potential to get ugly fast.
You guys know that if you “invest” in a Chinese company you actually invest in a cayman island shell company with no actual assets, right?
Thanks man you’re right. We make the best decisions we can at the time. Just have to trust yourself and keep moving forward.
We call people gay, retards, and autists and this is STILL my safe space on the internet
Why would China be banned?
Those chinese sons of bitches are trying to cut in to Robin Hoods business. The degenerates belong to Robin Hood and Robin Hood only.
The chad coronavirus : black swan event, causes 3 circuit breakers, once in a lifetime historical event 

The virgin interest rate hikes: probably won’t happen anyways , can’t even cause a circuit breaker , been there done that in 2018 (buy the dip)
MM are way smarter, they try to get optimal results and not just good enough for making money.I dont think they will go fully the other way but they will "tweak" at least there strategy. Maybe sometimes they are willing to take more risk when they know it only retards buying calls and short expiration.

If before they hedge 100% but when retard money involve the will hedge 80% for example. But even that would mean massive more loses for WSB
wait what
lmao I don’t think you could’ve bought any higher but

GME🚀🚀🚀
Exactly, this has been me with TSLA forever, bitches about how high it goes, then when it dips I say "HA! See I was right not to FOMO" then watch it moon for another 3 weeks... I've learned my lesson.
At first he started out ok, then he took a quick tour to retard town and decided not to come back.
Sorry dude but your AAPL ones are going to expire worthless. That is way too far OTM. Would need to increase it's market cap by like 350b THIS WEEK just for you to break even
[deleted]
Why would tomorrow be red?
thanks man :)
The poll was done by Reuters, one of the most respected polling agencies in the world. The same poll also assessed that the protests against the Extradition bill had 59% support. The protests were never about independence, it was about whether or not people who commit crimes in other places would be allowed to be prosecuted. Because the extradition bill didn't pass, [Chan Tong-Kai, the known murderer who killed his pregnant girlfriend in Taiwan, walked free.](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/10/23/hong-kong-man-accused-of-murder-walks-free-as-authorities-clash.html) And he is still a free man, walking the streets of Hong Kong today.
More the reason to invest. Literally can’t go tits up if it’s manipulated as shit
nah he was too much of a pussy to actually delete his account
hey youre rich
Is this Yahoo? How do you input your option positions?
[removed]
Sold my AAPL contracts. Hoping to buy back in on dip before earnings.
Amen brothers.
I’ll pass, thanks.
Uuuhhh the burn
Could he not have chosen specifically undergrad student loans and used the average there instead?
Etrade is the best imo fuck Robin hood
This is based on literally no evidence beside you having watched the china hustle
FED printed more money this year then they have in 20 years and you call it “REAL” 

🤣🤡
Heyooo fellow Austinite
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yk0OGDKniaI&t=2s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yk0OGDKniaI&t=2s)
Aliens will be confirmed, Elon confirmed first actual alien on earth, Elon announces underground lair on Mars built with TSLA technology.

TSLA calls 🚀🚀
MARA no doubt is a winner.
ITS FUCKING CES WEEK, but it's virtual this year lol. i dumped a buttload into nvidia when it hit 510  im predicting easy 600
Forget tendies, I want one of those chainmail shawls.
Bullish af on pornhub
[removed]
Rip ZOOM
The median price of a new home in 1990 was $120k, and the average 30 year fixed mortgage was 10%. Assuming a 20% down payment, your annual mortgage payment was $15.5k. Median household income in 1990 was $30k. Mortgage payment / income = 50%

The median price of a new home in 2020 was $335k, and the average 30 year fixed mortgage payment was 2.8%. Assuming a 20% down payment, your annual mortgage payment is $21k. Median household income in 2019 was $69k. Mortgage payment / income = 29%. A 10% down payment pushes mortgage / income to 31%
To buy the stocks lower later
Sounds like free money to me lol
why would you go cash with 2 trillion stimulus in the talks
None at the moment but I intend to get into shetherium and notrule4coin cash.
Where are you retards finding shares to short tesla??
Bft gang wya 💎
Haha nice brother! LGVW JUST filed their S-4/a which means the merge is likely between 4 and 6 weeks away. 1 share of LGVW will equal 1 share of BFLY
Who knows it dropped after Dems got senate against all logic 😆
Your dad sounds like every Greek I've ever meet.
[deleted]
Why not aphria APHA they will soon have a foothold in both countries?
Good bot.
Pumping stocks may be commonplace here but this was a CHINESE STOCK and thus warrants banning.

NO CHINA ON MY INTERNET
You must not understand sarcasm.....
Spacex is is his passion project. He ain’t sharing anytime soon cause they nowhere near dire. You dont just throw open the doors and show off your passion project to just any riffraff. What, and have the iq challenged start making “suggestions”???
haven't heard of it, what are your positions?
You’ll have $10 in no time
not how the market works

opex is jan 15
wait u think Biden being pres is the reason stocks have gone up? thats weird as all historical trends say thats not the case... this would be a first.. im interested to see..
I disagree, I think it’s Aladeen. 

Goddammit I love this sub.
I can’t think of one decent thing about the sequels
And PLTR🚀🚀🚨🚨🚨
I think it dumped because the 10 year spiked up.
You're right, I definitely can't find any evidence about people wanting to drive a Tesla in wsb....
Nope but u can just watch the other seasons on gogoanime or 9anime
Sounds fun. Im in
[deleted]
Overall maybe. Speculative assets, it sure does.
Heh, could you imagine this a month ago. Lmao.
It happens all the time my dude. You get used to it. This will make you feel better. I sold my 40K worth of TSLA 650c 1/15s at $702 and I’ve been trading options for two years, stocks for five. Move on to another play and don’t fomo.
😂👌
I'm an autist and i would like to loose some money, but since i know nothing I would like you turbo-autists to explain to me if you can earn more money on options on GME rather than just straight up buying the stock itself? If so, why? Is anyone of you actually buying stocks or is it all calls/puts?
Mrooll
Yes.
They have yet to announce the Microsoft backup power deal. It’s been heavily hinted at.
rates higher = gold lower
If Sherman don't announce ecommerce on Monday then IRA is going to attack GME headquarters and declare independence
Torrented episode 4. Bit confused tbh at the end there but I won't spoil it for you. Great soundtrack
[deleted]
Bonald Diden 

Troe Jump
Mod, here. The racist comment you are looking for.
Thanks man thats actually a good play, u know why it went down?
who bought the dip :)
Just wait it gets even crazier
But how do we know the Chinese didn't found and start South Africa? What if that country is just a shill?
What's your point? I think we all want the CCP to pump this to the moon.

What I have learned is when people tell you not to buy, you buy.
[removed]
Can't crash, if you can't sell. This shit is manipulated as fuck.
Anus day
Shut the fuck up dumbass I’m trying to get tendies I don’t care if it was a fuckin Iran or North Korea stock im buying calls
Somebody said on here last week if you're mad you didn't get in a position when it was lower don't be a cuck when it dips. 

There's your dip.
has no bearing on the market
Decided to hold over the weekend like a retard
[removed]
No, its SJWs that aren't funny
*shrugs* dunno i dont use social becuz i have better shit to do like, i dunno, read a fuckin book
Bloodshot eyes and all toked up
when people realize gold is shit as a hedge, boom.
The one with strawberry flavor
Imagine thinking the market can actually go down lmao bears are sooo fucked
Will eventually be worth 0 though.
Ah right the 26th. Thanks
🌚 🌝
No fuckin thanks on this one lol
R u a millionaire
I only went to Vale $19c 4/16 after I read his first post.
nice
It’s like 100x leveraged gold
[deleted]
I'm all in $RAN $CAN $ZAN and $WAN
Why would you guys suspect him. Just why? Do you guys really think the CCP would do the effort to infiltrate a Reddit page hahaha. Would be funny tho, ngl.
If it's up or down 2%+, then it *probably* matters. Only time that it was critical was March I think.
>Keep slurping that propaganda buddy.

Ironic
If Apple cars end up just being just a fucking Hyundai, then this is good for $TSLA.
It’s part of a week long investor conference
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BsCvQ\_vFgQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BsCvQ_vFgQ)

At the 7:40 mark, she said 400-500k

tbf she added a caveat
Honestly coca cola has dropped quite a lot and seems like a reasonable play. It is a boomer stock though 

AMD and Nvidia is going up too probably
Do I need to repeat the part about the Short Squeeze?
To the moon?  IDK if we can get him any higher than the regulators. I mean it had christian slater. Christian fuckin Slater
[deleted]
Weekend dow gayer than my uncle's boyfriend
Are you really comparing that memefest to some random shill account trying to prop up his company?

Stop being delusional because your feelings were hurt. The very fact that you guys search China-related posts to manufacture outrage is fucking sad
Lol, it’s an algorithm that scans chat rooms to see what the sediment is.. do some research tard
rule 4
Hows Tlry looking?
[removed]
Eh QS gonna flatline for a month or so before it pumps again
I’ll sell mine around 250k if it makes it that high. That’ll make for a nice 10 bagger if not, it’s not more than I’m afraid to lose
[removed]
I like that this has 10 downvotes and was awarded gold. Bulls mad lol
Nasty Nancy
same
Internet token down... be careful tomorrow
[removed]
New paycheck coming to Cathie tomorrow
If you’ve been saying something for months and it’s been wrong and you’re just saying it again then I absolutely cannot be arsed
I take your lack of reply as an admission of defeat and an acceptance of the Musky glory.
Remember all of the predictions about Seattle after the $15 minimum wage was passed? Not only everything you listed, but also being a commercial ghost town because of high wages.

What ever happened to that?
I’ll watch this later thanks
So many people are buying puts on Tesla rn you could do it on your own account. Just buy them long and pretty far in advance as to not raise suspicion
I'm just buying it because it goes up idk man.
Why cash? Huge amount of money printing just annouced. That makes cash the worst possible place to be.
When every post says a certain stock will continue to rise tomorrow, that’s bad news
Read your user name and I am very interested in these "calculations" you speak of.
If we put calls into robinhood now, can they clear in the morning with MT buys being removed from RH tomorrow?
AAPL CALL HOLDERS:

https://www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/comments/kufsuc/apple_and_hyundai_hope_to_reach_apple_car_deal_by/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
lol wut? no becuz i dont live with my parents still like an autistic child.. did ur wife and her b.f take all ur shit that u have to live with ur dad again? also i only by calls cuz im tok retarded to work in reverse.. i was refuse to walk backwards or drive my car in reverse.. always forward bitch
Thanks Einstein
Weekend Dow is even worse than futures
> I have an 11 year old son and my friends have kids as well. They all love gaming and none of them have ever set foot in gamestop. They are not tech-illiterate at all. They just really have no need to buy a physical game. If they DO decide to buy a physical game the first place they look is target, best buy, or even amazon.

Thank you for that story. But what you said was entirely anecdotal unfortunately. And the game selection at the stores you cited is nowhere near what a single GameStop carries. Having a dedicated store means more choices.

> If I want to order MADDEN 2021 why wouldn't I just use amazon ect?

For the used games market as you said. Would you rather pay $60 for a new game or $45 used? That answer is not obvious but I imagine many people would go for the cheaper option. Moreover, Amazon has been cracking down lately on reselling games in their store, so it's like they're asking GME to take over.
The absolute best hedge against inflation and rising interest rates  is parking money in 💩 🪙 or gold.

I choose the former cuz the latter is boomer
you have one PLTR share, one opportunity left!
No way it goes under $40 lmao
penny stocks = banned  


digital ponzi schemes = banned  


china = not banned?  


mods r gay
The background is from an actual episode I pieced together rest
no it wont lol mahomes will steamroll them
[deleted]
That’s a great point that you brought up there. I considered Roman as a competitor at first but ultimately decided against it, since Roman appears to specifically focus on the male population and ignoring the female population. That means Roman’s total addressable market 50% of the market that HIMS & HERS is targeting.

The total market cap takes into account all shares, so that would include SPAC, PIPE, and Existing shareholders.
Digital dash
Guh but backwards
Like 1100-1300 depending on mortgage insurance and homeowners insurance.
So I am dipping in the steel game - a bit late compared to many here but hopefully early enough to print. I’d like to monitor steel futures to be able to assess the evolution of prices and found myself a bit puzzled at what I could find. Which steel is relevant to the case of Mt?

There’s the American hot rolled coil, European, Shanghai...Are those different quality of steel (eg. like brent/wtc for oil)? Which one matters most?
moon or drill tomorrow?
Anyone else in complete astonishment that the market didn't sell off EOD Friday into the weekend? So much crazy shit going on and everyone was like "Nah, let my position ride man". I'm happy but still, risk on. 💪
could we see SLV and GLD pop this week with bidens T-Stim?
Preach
Yeah except I don’t have the 10k+ required to buy a single call for TSLA so I’ll keep being a broke bitch thank you very much
And even if they do want to pump it and eventually run with the money they're going to pump it into the several hundreds of dollars per share, not 60 or 100 dollars.
🚀🚀
Probably
Bft 20c any date past Jan
Yeah. Honestly was hoping a 20-25% drop. That would’ve felt like a true correction.
The way people jump on this anti-ccp bandwagon so quickly is scary.
Says you?
China is unfortunately going to be #1 in terms of economy size
Any great person ever has been a high functioning autist change my view
[deleted]
Bears double fuk
[boba date in my tesla](http://www.xvideos.com/video60314459/sexy_petite_teen_fucking_cowgirl_while_driving_tesla_autopilot_4k_bailey_base)
hope so
Yea like $NUE. If I was to get into the space, Nucor would be my choice. Problem is they are close to 52 week highs. meh
EOW maybe but I do agree it’s a red week
What are you on about?
What happened with Luckin is different than the described scenario. Hopefully the 3 year deadline for audits will prevent that in the future.
On the other hand they could also not give a fuck about NIO and be refining their techniques before infiltrating reddit and pumping companies they actually care about.
No trust me I am definitely **NOT** a bot.
It helps that the Fed is printing the dollar into the ground. 22% of our money supply was created out of thin air in 2020.
We don’t operate in them?
I prefer the term, Period Piece Drama
Godspeed retard.
Lol the digital money v shapes everytime like SPY.
corn weekly RSI is still 94 LOL

this shit will crash to 20-25k easy in next 2-3 weeks
Time to switch it up and lose by holding too long.
I'm curious as well. It might be more that the mods wanted to err on the side of caution to avoid action being taken against the subreddit, as well as the unwanted influx of "MrBeast" followers which the subreddit do not take too kindly to.

As far as the illegality of it, I think it's debatable. Here is what I found: [https://www.sec.gov/about/offices/oia/oia\_investman/rplaze-042012.pdf](https://www.sec.gov/about/offices/oia/oia_investman/rplaze-042012.pdf) (pages 2 and 3). Specifically, he offered 20% to whoever came up with the "winning" recommendation if it was profitable. That could possibly mean that the poster would be an unregistered "investment adviser" as it would possibly meet the three requirements under Section 202(a)(11) of the Act:

1. Receives compensation (a commission on a successful trade counts, per footnote 4)
2. Engaged in the business of providing advice (this is debatable, but as stated, *"Generally, a person providing advice about specific securities will be “engaged in the business” unless specific advice is rendered only on a rare or isolated occasion"*)
3. Providing advice to others or issuing reports or analyses regarding securities (*"A person clearly meets the third element of the statutory test if he provides advice to others about specific securities, such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, limited partnerships, and commodity pools."*)

I think point 2 is debatable, since the single post should most definitely be considered "advice rendered only on a rare or isolated occasion" but again, I think the mods wanted to be safe.
Csco has always been undervalued despite having a sizable share in multiple different computer markets that have great future growth(Cybersecurity, Networking, Cloud Computing, Programming, Data Center, Software/Hardware provider & solutions, Programming, 3rd party IT management, and more). It's a solid boomer dividend stock that will have a steady growth, that is not attractive to shorters and retail investors who wants to moon.
Fuck them. That's why.  


Everyone here for themselves. Or stay poor.
This is WSB, not some car enthusiast forum.
[deleted]
[removed]
I remember when it was like 10-15k active typically. Now I see we have 40k MF’s here fucking around talking shit. 2021 fna be lit af.
Demo day soon
Good going!
You little censoring pussy
I love PLTR shares, let's go, this week we should reach $30 based on my calculations.
Here come the down votes but TSLA 750 EOD
Fake internet money
Dumbass earnings are feb lmfao
wish I had that problem
The MM are playing an entirely different game than investors (both retail and institutions) they hedge with gamma squeeze and with their ability to push a market down or up for max pain. They have no need to change their strategy because what they do works. It keeps them protected because what you described will bring them the chance to have a potential huge loss that they don’t need to even entertain
Duuuuude, do you take your tendies extra crunchy? Fuck man. BRB, gotta clean my screen off.
I put a dollar in. God detected this, and now its falling.
Time will tell
Y’all bulls so happy when bears get fucked
Because the average mainlander is nothing like the average HK citizen.
NIO day was definitely something to get a boner over
[deleted]
Same, I won $400 betting on Ohio state to cover the spread against Clemson and it’s just not the same as betting everything you have on TSLA....
Also they are bringing back EV tax credits in full! Tesla makes tons of money selling them on.
I’m sure the people getting polled aren’t under any sort of duress. It’s not like anything can go wrong voicing the “wrong” opinion under Chinese surveillance
This is me now, because I held a few positions too long, now I'm way to conservative.
I’ve only done 1 and 2. Are the others on NFLX
This is the greatest video I have ever seen
I just saw it. All retarda must watch before going to dream moon
[removed]
What type of monthly payment you looking at?
[removed]
As long as there is transparency between China and US when it comes to company financials, then yeah I can see major upsides. But considering the current conditions and my own trust levels. I'll wait till an agreement is made.
That’s something a CCP bot would say.
I'm like Goldilocks. I never Fomo too early or too late but right around the middle
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nah bro I'm new here and I really dont know all those big words you just used, I just go with the stocks that feel right. 
Started with 3400€, am now at 3527.19€
Sir this is a Chinese casino
Their battery doesn’t work in real world conditions. Hey, I was a huge QS bull. 

Do yourself a favor. Read the seeking alpha article, read the lawsuit allegations and try to find QS publicly denying any of the allegations. 

Not hating. I’m trying to save you from losing your ass bro. Read up on what I just mentioned and if you still feel super bullish, beSt of luck to you man.
apple is looking to make a consumer vehicle while canoo is targeting business delivery... why would it be true?
You got a good score. I am 4206.90
It went from 18k to 16k and all the gay bears went told you so then it hit 40k in a week... so stfu...
Yep
 2/19 25c
Why do you have to diamond hand something that will moon?
Yeah these bags from March are real heavy 😅
All in on daddy Elon
America's 🎩
So you complain on a non political sub about political stories that are not on this sub?
Because since Nov 3rd, the U.S. and the entire world have been operating under the assumption that Biden will be President. The market has reacted accordingly and if you suddenly pull the rug out from under feet, *poof* go the gains that were made. 

Sure, some companies could sky-rocket but most won’t. It’s easier to play SPY than it is to pick one out of thousands. I’m not saying we’d enter a recession, but there would be a significant correction.
Declaration of war!
LUMBER LIQUIDATORS MOTHERFUCKERS I READ THE BLOOMBERG ARTICLE LMAO
anyone playing ARCT? predictions?
yessirr, I am european-american, highly upset with many of the Chinese policies.
Finviz is saying theres a double top on aapl
And Qs went up bigly. Now it's done.
Thanks! DeGiro doesn’t event have US options.
Groinbase diamond handing everyone so they can't sell. My RIOT calls might be saved after all 🤣🤣
Samesies.
Already balls deep in ICLN and GME, for nio strike/date?
Gonna be some fat bag holders when the wheel stops spinning
[removed]
Heard they’re gonna get bigger tailpipes on their trucks and try again so we’ll see how that goes
Mango on the move.  Out of the country?
cant catch this falling sword
Best advice I was ever given, by the time you decide to sell, it's already too late
I hope CRON takes off. I picked up 1,000 shares when it hit $3.99.
ICLN April $38, $39, $40 calls
an even bigger rotation out of stonks into cash

hopefully almost all the cash leaves TSLA
Pay attention to the news is a big one right now. 

When I started following current events closely and thinking about things from different perspectives, I feel like that’s when I started making money
50% drop from the top to the bottom of the last red day (Jan 4th). That's pretty bullish.
Fellow vanguard bro, mine looks the same haha
You admit they will crush everyone, yet are bearish? Okay....
GME
Overheard in Titans locker room after their playoff loss:

“He got me,” Malcom Butler said of Lamar’s running touchdown. "That f***ing Lamar boomed me."
Butler added, “He’s so fast,” repeating it four times.
Butler then said he wanted to add Jackson to the list of players he gets burned by in the regular season.
People in the 90s must have all been autists if this is what prime family night in America consisted of!
[deleted]
Dead cat! Dead cat here! Who will buy this dead cat from me?
I’m only mad I didn’t have enough liquidity to buy more before the GA runoffs 🤡
rip jack ma
Anyone else watching Attack on Titan S4? Wtf is going on.
anyone ready for the market to open to get maybe rekt either way?
My exit strategy are 4/16 21c
Y? Just be a bull, sport!
Found one ☝️
I mean Im holding 2k shares at cost basis under $10 but to be honest I have no idea what could possibly make this is a valuable company in the future. Just hoping for a short squeeze mostly
donnie pump
TLDR; "notccpbot? That is exactly what a ccp bot would say!"
the 40% number was stated by gottlieb this week on squawk box the rest are my own projections.
[removed]
ICLN, NIO
No not really. Frankly I dont think I can buy it anymore. Atleast not from T212.
[deleted]
It shows that China is willing to shoot itself in the foot financially, retard 

Also, Luckin Coffee
What's your social credit score? I'm over 9000
Cmc earnings tomorrow premarket
understood. placing orders for market open monday
You’re supposed to buy high sell low retard
It's her way of telling you that you look extra gayo today.
Yeah, I agree! That’s precisely why I follow WSB. Massive influence. Cramer:”it’s the age of the retail investor “ . We as a new generation must hold fast onto our virtues and values = tendies bitchs!!!
After what happened Wednesday and Karp saying "We've stopped the biggest terrorist attacks you never heard of" even the boomers may jump on pltr
gotcha! thanks for the clarification
100% agree. It's the classic divide and conquer technique the British used for hundreds of years.
Bear pussy smells like fish but not as bad as you would think. Don’t ask me how I know
💎🙌 tsla tomorrow?
My point being anyone can cherry-pick an example of fraud but that doesn’t mean the whole system is fraudulent.
Stonks only go up!
Lamar haters gon be pissed 

F
0 kids here 

I’d ride off into the sunset
home gym is the best investment ive made, I can work out shirtless don't have to wait for retards to finish working out, can work out whenever i fucking feel like it i love it
A post on WSB that isn't meant to pump your favorite stock ahead of market open??

Someone call me a retard so I know I'm in the right sub
White people love mayo
Haha you probably spend all your money on WoW gold. How is your moms basement this time of year?
[deleted]
[removed]
I watch all sports basically, but the only betting I do is on the ponies
Also worth a lot and subject to be worth a lot more. Limited quantity and high demand.  Many respected analysts saying 200-400k by eoy
You will make it back tomorrow ☺️ I trust in you :)
Earnings next month guy
Too be honest, Im just hoping some news comes out about Palantir being used to hunt down the rioters so my bag gets lighter
CGC🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀CRON🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This some gay shit
At that point you might as well buy leaps and take advantage of leverage so your capital isnt tied up...
I love me some rotations from listed to delisted
Gay mods are ok with shilling shitty stocks like palantir, MT, Vale, GME for months but when someone post good DD about NIO, the user got banned and post deleted. Mods should be sued for a lot of these shitty stock bankrupting retards in this page. Racists piece of shits.
Riot because the name is cooler
It will last through At least mid Q2 or further
Because you can’t 💎 🤚🏼 sport bets
I am Chinese, and I am thankful that you guys realized this. 

Thanks op for posting this
Same here.  I am as neutral as a sesame oil in my marinated chicken tenders. 

What i was suggesting that he needs support from his own cabinet and few of senators and representatives to pull something crazy out of box. People's support don't count.
[removed]
To make exports cheaper?
Nancy Peloton
This just cracked me up so much...
It’s 2021, everything’s racist
idk any of that shit
For sure if you dont have any yet, earnings coming up as is.
Home prices in tech cities have been dropping due to WFH
China is #1. 

I'm not CCP btw - just an average person
 *How ironic, when you are the one who keeps repeating fuck anything related to China.* 

Yeah, because...fuck china.  Get it.  As I said, I dont know you and dont care about you but yeah, fuck China.  Not the people mind you, although if youre Chinese, maybe you personally, but the government - yeah fuck them.  Modern day Nazi Germany.  

&#x200B;

Free Hong Kong too.
Alright Melvin capital
Steam sauna at my gym has been closed since March. I am sad
As long as you didn’t lose money...
Proud boys
Is this the part where we storm the SEC?
[deleted]
Yes
Once they believe themselves to be powerful enough and sufficiently gorged on foreign cash, that’s when I think they’d pull the plug. Then they’d use their powered-up companies to flood different markets with products (just like with steel), until they’re the only game in town. Then they will dare the rest of the world to raise a stink.

So yes, you’re right in that it’s a nuclear option, so they won’t play it until they’re certain they can get away with it.
Legit! But it is hard to predict the market it kind of has a mind of its own.
We digital forex now
Me three
Thanks for reminding me (a Canadian) that I am American. M'urica, fuck yeah!
[deleted]
>Reply

buying more MARA to get my asshole ready
Bogdanoff is responsible for this. If you got bog'd idk what to tell you
where rockets?
NIO is audited by PWC, the same company that audits Tesla.  

If you don’t “trust” NIO car delivery numbers then you can confirm them with the number of auto insurance policy purchased (by brand).  It is released every month.  

Can you imagine the upsides when this disagreement has been worked out between the US and China?
That’s how America works. In order to succeed, others must fail. We have EBT and SS as ointment for those in rough times
Just abandoning your original point for whataboutism?
Tomorrow big sector rotation incoming from Tesla to Nio🤑
Papierhanded?
I bet your dad doesn't even buy calls, duckn puss
what dip markets closed
A good play for tmr?
Last time I checked Hong Kong wasn’t a stock, retard
[removed]
LMAOOO
[deleted]
i’m balls deep in $TAN $FAN $ICLN calls, all 4+ months - year out. who’s w me
I don't know that I'd risk it. Just not sure I'd be ready to retire. Again relative. With 3 kids, a mortgage, etc. I'd not feel comfortable taking early retirement.
[deleted]
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You only need to know a few good stocks well.
When I look back...the only mistakes I ever make is selling too early.
Case closed

Ban
He’s actually autistic
There was something for $pltr planned for this week right?
you realize Biden can just literally undo every Trump executive order which he has already committed to doing on day 1?

Anything he does at this point will be largely symbolic
Amazon sells them now
I have both, but MARA. IMO, Mara has better mining potential and they also just completed an offering.
It's done man, move on.
OP invests in NKLA
That company is messin up
Well I bought calls Friday, so I apologize but were prolly looking at a PT of around .50 by noon.  And for the record mr millionaire im up a rock solid 14 grand on tsla lol
I fucking hate myself. Cost myself a few thou just because I’m a fucking pussy
Well that's because companies are building to what they need 5 years from now. Mexico and US legalization is going to create a LOT of demand in a very short period of time. Prices may be low now, but they will get a premium later when they are the biggest game in town and thousands of stores need to stock their shelves.
They made some tweets proving their battery capacity and testing. Once QS gets passed this negative news it will pump again. Do you really think Bill Gates would invest a large sum of $$ into a scam? LOL.
Is this steel rally gonna last till earnings?
bUy ThE dIiiip. I want to see it crash so fucking bad.
I think I know what they're talking about, it was on top of the twitter trending page last night.  It's probably something about blackouts in Pakistan and the Vatican, and the pope being arrested by Trump.  Apparently they've been blaming Italy for stealing the election for the past few days
Flair checks out
Yikes stay the fuck clear then
Really?!
Fuck the CCP, PLTR 🚀 🪐
Got 3 4/16 $41C. Hope we see some movement this month
Nope. His political power is as flaccid as his sad, saggy cock.
Been saying this too
[deleted]
What the fuck is this, you’re playing hard to get? ALL FUCKING IN NOT EVEN CLICKING LINKS

Ok jk I’ll do some more research. Sounds promising. Gotta look at financials and consider potential upside left. Since I’m lazy, can you share when the merger will occur, what the percentage breakdown will be with those who bought in pre-merger, etc.?
The Bears have to much talent to fully guarantee a win if Trubisky is on and Brees playing washed. Last week they went toe to toe with GB and kept it close until the last 5 minutes.
Oh yes they should. Medicare and nursing homes require it's recipients to spend down their assets before it will assist with long term care. Unless their middle class parents/grandparents begin transferring their estates to their children several years before going to the Home, Millennials, Gen-X and Zoomers/Doomers will be screwed out of inheritances.
It dips even further afterwards though
Winnie the Pooh about to fuck the markets by devaluing the yuan. Watch for it in the coming days.
I also could be very wrong and everyone continues to panic sell and it’s at 0 tomorrow morning and we all die.
Wanna hop on IRC later?
But it’s trendy!
[removed]
[deleted]
Positions or ban
me niether, figure i should buy some on MOnday but not sure which one to go with
Enron?
Are you fucking retarded? r/GenZedong is a Dengist subreddit, Deng was the one to bring free market to China so the people posting there are free market capitalists. Do you fucking smoothbrain 3head dipshits honesty assumed that because it was a Chinese subreddit that it was communist? Tell me your positions so I can do the exact opposite.
I agree, I’m along for the volatile ride
Do you guys actually have friends that trade? I know no one that does it ans my girlfriend and friends aren't interested. It's kills me to not be able to talk about it in the real world.
[removed]
[deleted]
It'll probably recover in an hour. Nothing to see here.
/B/T/C/ is fake and 🌈
It's got wicked positive option activity so I'm going against the grain but a bunch of 1/15 5s for $.01 and 7.5 for .15 if stuff gets ugly this week I'll have something to pick up the pieces with.
Get rekt :)
Even at 50% taxes you can put the other 50% into a few ETFs, wait 1 year, then sell 4% every year of the initial amount (\~4mil) for long term gains tax rate - so around $160k worth. Theres a bigger than 99% chance that your portfolio will be the same or higher when you die if you do that, and you can put the rest into a trust for your kids using the same method of distribution (4% per year). That will be generational wealth and you will be the monopoly man of the family tree 300 years from now.
Nah fam. He’s off of Twitter following the Donnie expulsion lol
Seriously wondering if just putting it all on ITM icln leaps would just be easier. Boring. But easier.
Institutional Money buying the Dip. 🥳🙌🏽
me 3

edit: but seven days dude have you been trading that shit in the sub
[removed]
Cool. I have TD and just watched their videos and read some basics. Saw Don Vito’s post and figured that would be a good start.
Missed it?

All good. Here it is again.



**Simple rules for making money.**


Buy low sell high.


Don’t do weeklies, if you do consider the money gone when you put it in, don’t over leverage into these unless you have info.


Buy 5-10% OTM leaps on red days and be patient.
Don’t yolo, unless you have info.


When people are complaining, it’s probably time to start buying, when people are gloating it’s probably time to start selling.


Don’t doubt your vibe.


If you’re going to fomo, do it early and do it hard.
Don’t fomo on tops, fomo on bottoms and then ride to the new top.


Pay attention to the news.


Easiest two things to keep an eye on for determining market health is VIX (VXX kind of) and SPY.


Make it a goal to find discounted premiums for the same strike across different months.


Do your own DD. All the profit lies in risk. Hope this helps! Good luck
[removed]
Hope you achieve sooner rather than later...with you on the Miami culture tho
Thst database comment troll or legit
It's hit and miss. If GME can do it reliably then that's a possible advantage for them.
Fuck off CCP
Ask him on Twitter, actually ask him how loud did he hit 🥁🥁 when Tsla hit 900
I´m in Europe and have a Degiro account. Degiro is horrible for US Options. Just a tip, open up an Interactive Brokers account for US Options and keep the Degiro one for EU stocks.
Have you seen how fast home values are appreciating?
Donald Biden


Joe Trump
He should have made it shorter.
It's Aladeen
[removed]
yep I did panic selling..cashed out today to go all in with stonks tomorrow
every dip gets bought
Don’t pull the trigger if you can’t take the burn
Same, I get my dopamine rush from trading
Yeah, what about the people working from home? You think they are smoking less too? Lol pot stocks 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
That is not good
If you had to pick one, RIOT or MARA, which one would you pick and why?
Weeklys?
I probably sound like a dumbass, but what’s AstroTurf mean in this context?
sure sure *wink* *wink*
There’s no volume at this strike & only 5 days to go. 

He’ll be lucky to sell all of them at .09. More likely at least half will expire worthless.
Sorry, should have specified (stock options on the underlying stonk)
Can’t wait to build my home gym after covid is over with people selling their shit online
[removed]
NIO themed paper trading contests.

I’m sure many of the shills would participate
Im not buying that fake ass currency
[deleted]
Won’t predict opening, but from my analysis using a complex database, it SHOULD be back at around $70 EOW.
No he was a CCP shill.
I had to dump my QS positions after reading that seeking alpha article and the several class action suits filed against them for fraud. 

I would of considered keeping it, but QS has not publicly denied the allegations. Super disappointing. 

You may want to get out before it goes to $20.
Zillow and homesnap. Never heard of redfin
[deleted]
“Demographics are about to shift strongly in millennials  favor“

There’s not much to stop wealthy interest from importing labor from cheaper countries to offset this imbalance. Look what has been happening to the labor markets in Europe.
I’m gonna have to drive a fucking *Hyundai*???

Ugh fuck that. Guess Ill stick with my Tesla.
Because what else is there to do
CHINA NUMBER 1!
Counterpoint: some here are still holding RKT and they are not in Theta gang.
I personally hope it doesn’t moon, I still have cash that i wanna put ib
Point #1 is the gayest thing I've ever heard.
216k 1500 sqft 5% down 3% interest. .35 acres with it.
[removed]
Would it make you guys feel any better if I told you the correlation between PooCoin and TSLA has been quite high? Maybe in a couple of hours when the futures open we’ll all find out.  If not tomorrow morning for sure.
Facts
This is what I say to myself every morning
I saw Cathies interview about how she bought at 250 and is still holding a lot of it. Whered she say bearish
amis raus, huso
250 shares
Facts
Ye I think the same often. It's because I actually want to see them win. I see these huge gains and think holy shit that's epic at 25. But if it's still in the stock, that's not a gain yet.
I’m happy to get that discount
Look what’s happening to baba
Yeah bro pray for them, back to levels not seen since.... Tuesday last week 😂
And so it begins...CCP taking over WSB..
Yep
Ah, the good old Tripadvisor days.
Tsla 1000 inevitably
How about planters cheez balls in the blue canister? 🤤🤤
you know what yall fuck the ccp and fuck NIO, you may downvote me, but if you do, remember you're American and remember where you're putting your money.
[deleted]
This is unbelievable 😂, good find
Nah same level of treasury bond purchases for now, but bonds are selling off too fast and will become more attractive and safer than stocks soon... unless fed does more QE
🇺🇸
Why is there 42K online
Just these posts making me feel NIO is going to tank tomorrow.
Fanduel usually helps get through the weekend
I prefer to FOMO my life savings into overpriced equities and then trade back and forth, buying high and selling low, until I run out of money.
Seeing all these future bag holders defending it is so cute
could be a PSTH target
So purchase TSLA latest at $53, gotcha
Shhh, just don't acknowledge him. He's actually retarded
[removed]
Buy the dip retards. Digital Gold 200K by eoy
where can i get 100x leverage?
The answer to both questions is yes
Market doesn’t care what 🥭 does anymore. They know he’s gone in a week anyway
Honestly don’t know the difference between the two, wbu
digitokens are from the future, market tanking hard monday
that word is the 2020 version of the n-word, I think its best to just retire it
Could be but how’d she know?
Anyone playing CHWY for this week?
What the fuck is a stock
WTF I love gay mods now??
Maybe she heard, "Ton of mayo please"
Where u see QS opening tomorrow? OEW?
Market do be liquid sometimes. They melted down all the coins
Bless you retard. You will be rewarded for your dedication and loyalty.
yeah that was my train of thought, could turn out well
They have already been working with Canoo since last year at least.
I’m personally looking to get into riot after seeing how bad this bloodbath will be. What are your thoughts?
Everybody gets high tier loot Monday! Except for the Gibraltars
We getting nio calls?
All my nibbas do fraud 💰💰💰💵💵💵
so is NIO Aladeen tomorrow, or Aladeen?
Because I was in for a quick scalp, idgaf about this shit long term. Got out with a profit and I’m happy.
1. Teacher is a stable job with great benefits. They don't live in poverty, they just complain a lot because they think they should be paid like lawyers. My whole family is teachers and they make plenty of money.
2. You're probably very high on the intelligence spectrum if you worked your way up to private wealth manager. Not to discount your hard work, but without intelligence it could easily go nowhere.
[deleted]
Nah man, my fuckin ex wife and her mum obsess over it. I could give a Fuck about what the government is doing as long as stocks keep climbing my dude. 4chan is for poor people
If you had to pick one, RIOT or MARA, which one would you pick and why?
Is Michael burry as weird as he’s portrayed  in the big short? 
😂
You’re right, they cause and finance a lot of the internal conflicts (social, political etc) in other country’s (including ours). They’ve bought out politicians in every country (on both sides of the spectrum). We will see how this goes, it’s going to get worse before it gets any better.
[removed]
Will probably happen tbh
Cohen and Karp are my 2 gay dads, and Musk is Grandpa
Y
> I think Amazon also has a problem with their electronics category in general. There are too many options for each product with very nuanced differences. 

Yeah, it's not a great experience trying to find a product when you don't already know exactly what you want.  I remember looking for ddr3 server ram and my search results were constantly floodded with non-server ddr3 and ddr4 memory.
I love sports, especially football, but betting on it just doesn't do it for me. No interest in it. Only stonks get my blood flowing. Anyone else like this?
[deleted]
the worst kind of people
Senior Joe
Fucked up mindset
Just doing Honest work
Just a reminder that TenCent has a $150million stake in this website.
PLTR GME?
Robux not looking too good
People act like investing is so complicated. All you have to do is pour your entire life savings into Jack in the Box ($JACK) during a black swan event and boom you’ve got a +421% return ytd. Just do that every year, it’s not that hard you guys.
If RKT hits $30 by FEB I'll... Uh... i dont even know what I'll do but i'll do something
There are plenty of stocks which had moderate pullback last week. Although red days might begin if there will be issues with stimulus on thursday.
yes
There are three distinct elements here:

* The Chinese government
* Chinese nationals
* People who are racially Chinese

The problem on reddit is that lots of people love to excuse Chinese nationals of the behavior of the CCP, in an attempt to appear "woke", "nOt aLL cHInEsE!"

What they apparently don't quite understand is that, although the government is totalitarian, Chinese nationals are often extremely fervent nationalists, that do broadly and genuinely support the government, though their manner of doing so is often performative. The government has deliberately trained their citizens to deeply believe that the interests of all Chinese people in the world are directly represented by the government, and criticism of it is criticism of them, and their people and culture.

So yeah, not all people who are "racially Chinese" deserve to be derided for the sins of the CCP. That said, I think it's reasonable, consistent, and not racist to simply be suspicious of the motivations of Chinese nationals, as their interests run contrary to the West. Many "normal-seeming" first-generation Chinese people that you might interact with in North America go full wolf-warrior if you bring up something remotely touchy or critical of China, and have frankly insane beliefs about certain topics. They're victims of a nefarious brain-washing scheme, but they're also adults.
That’s my plan
MM manipulators moving from peniscoin back to PM’s
Prayer circle for internet change bag holders 🤡
Eh.  Waymo (Google subsidiary) leads the autonomous pack.
This comment is good enough DD for me
Hey anyone know whats up with the new email about shitcojns? I can't buy it even j have buying power
Sometimes it just to tempting
That's their business model, so suck it up or move.
Yes ccp apparently cares about you guys lol
[deleted]
Imagine being happy for people to lose money
Have you been living under a rock?
I feel retarded just talking to you
Me too
Yes, maybe... I dunno.

Mods have gone through periods of HEAVY moderation where there was a high bar you had to cross before your post could go up, and other times they just let anyone post.  I think the quality of posts has on average gone down, but there are so, so many more people than 2-3 or more years ago.

You still see some heavily researched and well reasoned posts, many of which often end up being spectacularly wrong, this hasn’t changed.

I agree with you, but I think it’s inevitable result of being more popular.
Shill
Anybody remember Planters P.B. Crisps? Nothing will ever be that good.
Mods axed it
It's funny how steel has gone up, just not MT. $X has been on fire lately. If u want to invest in steel mb choose a different ticker.
interesting . why doe? i feel like daddy orange would keep pumping this market full of hookers, coke and hot air?
Why bro that’s some paper hands shit right there
I mean what idiot actually thinks
This isn’t going up?? Oh yeah Tesla bois scared it’s going flat
[deleted]
yea binance is probably the most accurate
[removed]
Chinese New Year all over again
[removed]
How ironic, when you are the one who keeps repeating fuck anything related to China. Isn’t that a bit salty? Also, ad hominem isn’t very convincing.
Everyone panic selling. Watch institutions buy more of this shit come tomorrow and pump it over 50k in a few weeks.
Communism is coming, you racist, ableist chuds. Not from overseas, but from right here in the US. The capitalist exploitation that you worship and drool over, *that* is what radicalizes Americans like me into leftists. The CCP didn't turn me against capitalism, **capitalism did**. This is why the victory of communism is inevitable, because the harder you fight it, the more comrades you will inspire to resist your shitty right wing oppression and bigotry. So you can either be whiny losers as the old world crumbles around you, or you can help us build a new world where wall street doesn't own your ass.
[removed]
he's approval rating has actual went up.. only read the first part of ur post cuz i dont really care either way haha
I was planning to get shares of RIOT on Monday. If I went with call options, what date and price should I be looking at?
The good lube or the bad lube?
I am a paper handed cuck

I am a paper handed cuck

I am a paper handed cuck 

I am a paper handed cuck
F 

At least you're yoked
For real... The market is mooning regardless of this shit
I bought an electronic scooter and after 1 year the Chinese made battery did exactly that. Show full but last 1 mile instead of the original 23 miles. Never again. Woulsnt want that in my car.
what happended???
[removed]
I mean there is fundamental changes that have been occurring over time like the increasing levels of corporate debt but I think what will cause this bubble to burst is slowed economic growth. Although securities are back to pre covid levels I don’t think we are going to reach the same economic growth for a while and the securities have fully priced in full economic recovery and a slight diversion off of course will be a catalyst. Most economist agree that 2021 will be a crucial year for the future economic outlook.
best alt name yet
This is nothing without the music..
PROPAGANDA!!
Itt: I will happily eat any propoganda thrown at me up but oh when it's the Chinese I will not take it man.
I'm watching binance which I believe has the most liquidity.
Smoking weed and playing video games is exactly what I've been doing lately
You mean buying at the bottom... Tesla 🚀 🌝
You win my friend
Smells like bear pussy in here
Porkloin being used like a sponge by big boys to take your money
114k is more than my entire yearly salary :( 

idk how someone could have all that and still be unhappy to the point where they’d risk it all for more
[deleted]
Definitely would but if you got the cash it's a good way to carry winning options longer to get into the LTCGs territory.
Buy the $80 calls or the $40 calls or the $35 Puts, what the fuck do I care?
CCP SHILL RIGHT HERE BOYS!!!
Have you seen margin call? 😅 (The movie)
Shows me pics and I'll show you my robinhood account
BAN
ppl just selling their coins to buy calls tommorow
says the guy that clearly read QAnon posts since you would know that's what he's implying...

it was "for research"? right?

FBI.. yeah, this guy right here. who the fuck even uses 4chan?!
They just gave an update on their battery! It cures cancer.
[removed]
It's chaotic neutral💚The only thing we give a fuck about is getting rich & shitposts
[deleted]
[removed]
Cuz its going dooowwwn

its going doown 

huh
Neither
Lord Cohen, tis I your faithful bagholder of 1150 shares @ $21.43

Hear my prayer to turn these 🌈🐻 into infinite tendies 🍗🍗🍗

Smite the heathens with thy holiday sales and thy 13D.

 🚀🚀🚀 GME to the 🌕 

Amen.
Hmm ibkr should let you.
[removed]
Most likely. I have shares already and I’ve been selling Cash secured puts dont mind if I get assigned. I’ll definitely buy some tomorrow
Lol oh yah!?! The silent cult.
[deleted]
Ban
Hopefully this dip is enough, going to buy calls for Mara at open
LMAO is it me or the Chinese bot did really delete the NIO post after being called out? Literally worse than the ⚡🚁 shills popping out of nowhere
It's funny because both the retards shorting TSLA and the retards buying TSLA at ATH belong here.
They haven’t even tried expanding... so why judge them on that. I’m really not getting your point...
This sub is a sausage fest lmao

New to this are you? Remember not to french kiss them
Even though I disagree with him I used to respect him in the first part of the 2016 primaries. Now he just shills
Neither... they’re both 🌈
Back in the day I didn’t actually think people were buying these but fuck me
in the past when tesla has gone down arkk either went up or stayed flat. arkk >. tsla
[removed]
Wetards*
I’ve been seeing that Salesforce commercial all weekend. Bullish!
How? You think any executive order would matter? You think republicans in the senate are loyal enough that they’d tank the economy for him? Stupid take
I could see Elon accidentally taking one too marijuanas and disappearing.
It can lol not crash maybe but it can heavily effect it
I don't think there's much he can do to tech at this point
Does this mean,  short the F out of QS?
Taking capital out of this market?

smh
People overreacted to the NIO presentation on Saturday morning (admittedly, I did too at first). But ultimately all they did was announce a new pretty-looking sedan, battery swap stations, and a really good battery that won't see market for a year.
I wouldn't say NIO and BABA are completely empty assets, but the geopolitical position that these companies are in allow them to over-embellish their financials with no consequence.
It’s going to 1000 before the reckoning for sure tho
So what happens to my NIO shares..
LOOL, it's just about when to take profits, something that people haven't figured out yet. (Myself included :(...)
Neither tbh
[deleted]
What are you smoking?
Congratulations- you are now deeply in debt
gonna be a bloodbath, I sold Thursday at 22 and felt real bad about missed gains but sometimes you just gotta take profits. I'll re-enter but wanted to see a bitty dip first
Education is one of the things I'm greatly thankful I don't live in the US because of

When I picked my University, I literally didn't consider price, because they're all subsidized by the Government and all about the same.
All you need is one more week of this crazy renewables rally and you’re going to be banging hookers on a bed made of gold shaped like a solar panel.
You literally haven't said a word about anything I've said except that I'm wrong. Forgive me if I can't tell which side of the original argument you're on by your incessant whining.
Price? Sq footage? down payment? Interest rate?
Its a cultural difference.  People don't have space to themselves in Chinese megacities.  

The concept of a “third space” is well researched and strongly advocated for.  Giving consumers access to an exclusive third space is absolutely an attractive value proposition for Nio in China.
Did you use Zillow or Redfin?
Everytime anything crashes I always think of that “jazz music stops” meme
This is why I bought shares.
I’m more of a humble proto-retard but 
go n-éirí an bóthar leat ☘️
Lol you clearly give a fuck about NIOs lack of interest in American markets.
Robinhood is *royally* fucking us on the purple chart fills. I got filled on a sell order $400 below lowest market value on the minute I sold.
You gonna buy at open?
Want my cashapp?
[removed]
There's no way this is always true, just look at Nintendo.
ain't enough points scored. fuk
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
So you're telling me there's a chance
Trade biitch con
Yes I too have diversified 5% of my portfolio with 95% leverage.

Congrats btw!
This eye is private. Yers
imagine thinking shitcorn can crash the market
beet at $200k eoy
People panic selllinnggggg
I call air drums!
🚀🚀🚀
no, QE is not being modified for at least another year, its starting at 120 bil a month all year, they might even increase it
Yeah agree. I saw all of these points being made a while ago across multiple youtube channels. Nothing new here.
It’s the sauna that did it for me. Hitting that after a laborious session is like eating a senzu bean
I think I need to wait for it to open on Monday
Fuck chyna
I think he should trim off the amount above 10m. Enjoy his life as a millionaire, life is short, otherwise it’d just be inherited.
[deleted]
I'm not sure you understand what I mean. Look at the comments in this thread - most people couldn't tell the difference between legalization and decriminalization. My point is that to the average American, Joe vetoing a legalization bill (no matter the reasoning) looks like a rejection of a promise. That would be a political death blow to his agenda and his party

That aside, the alternative was Trump. Legalization was never a major issue, but it will be if it looks like it can pass.

That said, you're right on 2009. If there's one thing Democrats know how to do, it's how to fuck themselves more than their opponents ever can.
[removed]
Nio could hit 100 this week I swear
THIS THIS FUCKING THIS!!💯💯💯 Exactly why i love this sub we don't respectively give a fuck about stupid bullshit that normal people get wrapped up in. Here it's how can use their bullshit to make as much chicken fucking tenders as possible and how fucking fast 🚀🚀🚀
Nah they mentioned Tesla 2 times only.... new AI chipset 7x more powerful than Tesla FSD and autonomous cameras can see 2x as far....that was extent of it.  They also reiterated after Nio Day that they are not competing against Tesla, but against luxury ICE (MB BMW Audi etc)
Not porn at all
Best I can do is a hairy ass, I’ll take 500 tho
Ban
[removed]
🥭 is gonna fuk big tech as revenge for banning him lmfao
market ain't open yet and it's taking a dump, what else are people suppose to talk about? Everyone knows TSLA is mooning, no point in repeating it for the millionth time.
Weird leftist who loves all you autist and this sub. I’m a person of contradictions I suppose. I’m gonna go ahead and wager this person is a) not chinese, and b) not doing chinese propaganda and trying to pump NIO as you are saying , and is just another American wsb’er with an alt account. Genzdong is a sub for annoying 14 year old American tankies. If they were a real committed Marxist Leninist they’d be in a half dozen other ML subs. It’s where all the kids go that brigade the non-ML left wing subs with ccp talking points that the Uyghurs Muslims aren’t in camps or the Hong Kong protesters are bad. It just screams of someone that google “pro communist China subreddit”. Just my two cents.
Same dude I love this drop
Can’t wait to buy the dip by Wed when the market is down a good 5-6%
The CCP must watch Cramer. Cramer says we're influential.
Don’t buy effin Chinese stocks period!
I suggest you look at the quantity of batteries required versus the plants available.
yea OK. they priced in Dem Control before they even got it because they're fortune tellers moron

Dems won control less than a week ago. it's not priced in yet
[removed]
80c baby
But will it make me money? (๑´•.̫ • `๑)
[deleted]
Dead
$QS gang, you ready for the big PAMP this week? Our quest to Valhalla begins again. God bless.
Exactly! That shit was a masterstroke.
As long as you diversify your bonds
Weekends so boring 😭
Username checks out
you realize this sub is 99% dudes right?
NVDA

NIO news and CES event

Stock is ready for breakout
[deleted]
No. Its 90% mortgage swaps and they ebb and flow.
Was checking both RH and investing.com but I guess they could be incorrect
Those are rosier projections than I’ve seen before, where are you getting those number from?  Just curious
[removed]
You haven’t done research about NIO cult. I find not reason, in this case, to continue a debate with you
More likely to win: Sunday Bears or Monday Bears?
Because music is getting more quiet.
[removed]
Lol I saw that post this morning and straight away said to my wife this is some ccp pump bullshit. She turned to me and said wtf are you talking about?  When are you gonna drop me off at my BFs house?
[deleted]
talking about too much supply, which is driving prices down currently.  i think its temporary given the other factors, hence my short term thoughts on weed stocks.  Long term, you are 100% correct.
[deleted]
ayy offer accepted for a house. Look at me, I am the investor now.
Not arguing. Trying to get it
He'll dump 900k and change for taxes right. 
1.5 left? 150k a year -36k to taxes = 114k a year? Is my math right? 
What's he spending on his own health insurance? 
Comfortable? 
Guess it's relative
Sorry but you think KIA will build a car that goes 0-60 in less than 2 seconds, has 600 miles of range, and is blessed by Elon Musk? No.
[removed]
I just just scrolled their new feed and my eyes glazed over. So borrrrring. They don’t even have flair it’s lifeless like their portfolios.
Doesn’t your picture show that it already has?
[deleted]
When Tesla crashes so will nio, it’s not any safer
Oh dear god
You could barely buy Tesla when it started as well...
Interesting
It wants to make the whole world its bitch, this reminds me of the 1930s when people thought the Nazis were no threat. Unless the world acts soon there will be trouble ahead.
[removed]
[deleted]
I’m full retard can someone just tell me exactly what to do and when to cash out because I kind of like this money stuff but I have basically none.
LOL yah when I was considering my first car at 16, my first thought was 'whats their stock price currently at'
[removed]
As someone with NIO calls I’m fine with it lol
This is evidence big boys are absolutely PLAYIN you, sure buy in and capitalise but fckin hell don’t be a fanboy
WSB weekend cycle on a green Friday leads to bulls in full stretch Saturday followed by fear mongering Sunday morning, leading to a red open where the 🐻come out to play. Followed by the green wave. Inverse on a red Friday.
[removed]
Ban
Sorry, bud. Love my home gym so much. Never going back to a public one and so excited about that fact.
Im pretty neutral right now but still more in on calls. so for now im definitely not a 🌈 🐻 just 🌈
Why the fuck do you think this is the place to ask?
[removed]
SWBI
Holy shit how did I not know this company was public...
I see your point but the landscape of game sales is shifting to more online. Look at the ps5 with the digital only version. So more and more the competition isn't Amazon it's the PlayStation store or Steam, and GameStop's revamped web presence is not getting in on that no matter what they try.
Call me a retarded boomer all you want, but I think over the next couple decades a couple of the legacy automakers are going to be the real winners of vehicle electrification. Tesla is sexy now but these fuckers have almost a century of know-how and some of their technology (e.g. self-driving) is actually ahead of Tesla in some areas.
[removed]
Because they tuned into notrule4coin and saw it “crashing” without knowing how it moves over the weekend.
Blipcoin
I'll let him know that a cum swallowing expert on Reddit has some advice for him.
Obama increased the military budget.
Thats the only way you can stay profitable, look up what the greeks are and youll never have gains again
[deleted]
For what?
Nn.dm puts are my hedge against all the memery because it's kind of a pos company and it will go back to $2 if shit hits the fan.
22
[deleted]
I can’t wait to watch all the fake internet money go to zero
DUMP IT
Tesla will affect so much arkk it it will break?
[removed]
Have the pink wojaks started consuming /biz/ yet
I knew donald would make a new account I see you Donald I see you 👀
Ah yes, argument from anecdote. Well, I'm convinced!
Who didn't
[removed]
You're probably just broke
Workhorse isn’t a real company, much like Blink. They’re a fugazzi fugahzzi they’re fairy dust, they’re not fucking real. 

Buying calls
Why would I spend buying power on anything else? Are you retarted?
[deleted]
Get the fuck outta here lmfao you’re on the wrong sub
Probably won't break support, im saying it could break its resistance depending on Monday.
I see 35111... I assume you're watching coinbase?
I saw some dude saying nio is going down a lot tf is that about
Hell yeah! To infinity and beyond come Jan. 26th 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Also it occurred to me I might have posted with the wrong flair. My bad.
Goev gang?
[removed]
Haha you and me both!
Correct, in that you would lose all of initial investment if it had gone the other way and stayed down. This is why time is a huge factor in options, want to give yourself enough of it in the scenario where it goes down initially, giving yourself potential to recover
Dude can you fucking read lmao? That site says 54% of students ARE accruing debt
it's also very easy in foresight lmao
Weekend thread starts bullish and slowly turns bearish I’ve noticed.
Chosing NIO because its EV is not the same as the Tesla cult's love and passion for their cars. 

Just saying the hype doesn't exist in US.
Lol
Hell yea. I’ve been [waiting for this DD](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktbnq4/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gipb2pw/) since you (or I assume it was you) posted about this DD on a CLOV post. A couple things since I’m excited about this. 1: isn’t Roman also a competitor? They only have 14.7k followers which surprised me since I see their adds all over football games and stuff. 

Also, for valuation: Im not entirely sure how this works but isn’t target valuation calculated by SPAC cap / % shares SPAC holders get? So 416M / 12% = 3.4B? Or is it 16% because PIPE?
Forreal. Embarrassing
Hey man, shut up!
They did this to the French who built all the high-level bio-security laboratories. They promised the French so much fucking money and wrote a blank check. Namely the really popular P4 lab at the center of the Wuhan stuff. Promised the French they'd hold positions of notoriety and have job security. Then, when it's time for the scientists to open up shop and all the Chinese teams have been trained, Chinese government says gtfo and pretends as if the French were never there in the first place. EU Brexit chief  Michel Barnier was the cuck to sign off on it. They did the same with the best cancer researchers in the world, too, except in Shenzhen. No doubt this would easily apply to fabled stock targeting foreign investors.
Lots of CCP shills on here. You can always tell a shill because they get Xi dick sucking points everytime they comment so will comment no matter what.

CCP will try to convince you your investments are safe in China. They aren't. China can legally confiscate any asset in China and now HK. No foreign money if safe in China anymore.

Lastly, they will call you out as racist for saying China is a shit country. This is a ploy as you can not be racist against a nation. You become a nationalist, not a racist. But these CCP trolls know how racism controls the conversation. Don't let it.


BAN ALL CCP XI JIPEG DICK SUCKING SHILLS.
Ur a gay bear that’s what I think
Exactly. Some major pullback will happen. I don’t think we will ever see a crash like 2017/18 again but it isn’t just going straight up with no corrections
I don't bet on sports, don't know enough about it, got friends that love it though
Mozambique here?
Joined around oct '18 nothing but crashes and booms since i joined
What happened? Why is everybody freaking out?
How fucking retarded can you be? Honesty. You are talking about someshit, then, without even deleting your original shit you suddenly say the opposite?

Dont reply to me, i blocked your stupid ass
Who gives a single flying fuck about US lol, Chinese demand is more than enough... literally just proved it to you, if they have trouble supplying China why worry about US? Are you fucking slow? Dropped on the head?
Yes
And the other 45% get banned
Alright then.  Still a good profit on it then.  Can’t be mad at making a quick 5-6k on the weekend.
So i lived in China for years. Yall idiots who think your current government is screwing you and trying to control you and you say "look its the same as the CCP!" Its not, and they are taking every opportunity to expand their measures. You got a lot to lose and this is how you lose it.
[deleted]
Digital money is losing massively.
[deleted]
Dude, I'm worth well into 8 figures.  Why don't you fuck off.
Yeah but he wasn't 100b, bezos paid out like 38b
Any hot thots in the Chicago area, willing to pay up $1000 for some good pussy. Horny AF now
[removed]
Lol a communist in a capitalist page, these are interesting times lmaoooooo
ban
Counter argument: nobody respects analysts
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yea I got fucked real good on Luckin.  Can't trust these companies.
I stay away from MLMs. I'm retarded, not a dumbass.
It broke a record last week for highest amount of consecutive days going to the moon so it's more than likely a red day is coming.
[removed]
Can’t wait to load up on riot and Mara tomorrow
Nope!
Godspeed!
It is funny that you think they are mutually exclusive.
[removed]
I went lurking in r/investing, we should send a squadron from time to time to spice up their Daily Advice Tread. What a snooze fest.
Yeah, just keep buying
[deleted]
Where shall thou obtain the glorious magnificent tendies you ask, $TSLA the one and only that can saves us from poverty. TSLA to 6942.0 🚀
$35c has a .59 delta. Not a baller like you, but I'm up 58% on the 6 contracts I bought this week. Not planning on selling anytime soon
There’s not many ways this whole thing ends either, the CCP wants to make America its bitch and it’s succeeding.
[removed]
I’m with X
I have up to 80 but only 10 I want to be risky with
[deleted]
stay hydrated and pop those vitamin d pills brah.
Any word on the guy that was in here this morning talking about how exhilarating it was to trade shartcoin on 100x leverage?
Autism has definitely fueled tech innovation. You can also say it has ruined society to some extent due to bastards like Cuckerberg as autists tend to have a low understanding of social consequences.
Msft due for ev pump
If Trump could somehow manage to stay in the WH, calls are not the play. If I truly think he’ll stay, I’d throw every cent I had on SPY puts for inevitable correction.
Bull trap
Is there too much demand in America? No.
Very helpful
Bought a home gym at the peak of COVID and realizing it doesn’t hit the same as LA Fitness. Can’t wait to get vaccinated so I can grunt in public

F to my RIOT calls
It’s not gonna be quite the same. Just because there’s a lot more institutional backing
This was literally my first thought when I saw that NIO crap.
I wouldn't expect much until demo day and Q4 earnings in February
You should sell
[removed]
They’re talking about the botcorn, and praying it things their puts from -90% to -80%
I think I hooked up with the chick holding the mic
Add the premium to the strike and that’s your break even number. Understand that premium goes up as you move more into the money and the father you move your strike away from the current price the more your premium will go down because no one would pay high premium for the off chance the stock goes past high strike. This principle includes expiry date as well
[removed]
[removed]
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bottomed at 34k tho
Mike Vrabel is a fucking coward
I launch Apex every night after work
I also miss big red dildos. Just for a change.
Did she explain why there sales have been increasing quarter over quarter? Also why funds are taking large positions in Nio, maybe you can?
Fantastic
Yeah but we're in FDs... that translates to a loss of 50% on our net worths; with expirations too, this shit is gonna go back up within the year for sure.
Huh?
NIO gang getting grand slam breakfast with waffles on Monday


Bears getting dick for breakfast on Monday
[deleted]
TAIWAN IS A COUNTRY

TAIWAN #1
[removed]
[removed]
Damn nio really be bashin tesla lmao
MT getting delisted by RH WEEK .

Yikes.
Maybe my post is to general. I think i am spot on for the meme stocks we see here on WSB. Market makers have different strategies for different stocks they make markets for.   
I think you underestimate the influence of WSB on some stocks. At least there looks like a big overlapping between meme stocks and higher call prices.
Survivorship bias fucker, get smart or go broke
Not by 12%+

I’m not here to hang around thru a crash. Made a quick 5-6k and I’m happy.
Shit is fire. Regular season is a shit show especially for betting
F
Where do I find wtf you guys are talking about?
Or take it out of rule 4 and into Tesla 🤔
Psychos using shartcoin as an indicator for their EV plays
They wil just buy more puts further out on the calendar,  probably April after gme earnings, likely ITM too
Is your grandma spry?
PANICPANICPANIC
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I should have gone at least 10% cash gang 😩 you think were still opening green tomorrow? 🤡
NIO's chinese name is very close to "future" as well, i bought calls on friday before the ccp post, lets go.
Such weak hands in here
Why
not yet, bounced off 35k
This is so wrong. I have an 11 year old son and my friends have kids as well. They all love gaming and none of them have ever set foot in gamestop. They are not tech-illiterate at all. They just really have no need to buy a physical game. If they DO decide to buy a physical game the first place they look is target, best buy, or even amazon. All gamestop has going for them is buying and selling used games. Sure they are expanding E-commerce but people act like all these other stores aren't doing the same thing? If I want to order MADDEN 2021 why wouldn't I just use amazon ect?
i'm literally just trying to get someone to come explain to me why me defending the post that was deleted makes me a chinese shill and i figured showing everyone im an unintelligent country dude would at least open the floor for discussion
How many NIO shares do I have to sell to my friends to get a pink car?

#bossbabe
Good man
if it dumps ill be up 3M instead of 4M, what about you?
Shit corn
[deleted]
The moment that 10-year t note yield went up that s when anyone in MARA and RIOT should have reassessed their positions. Anyway, yes, RIP
Did I misread it or something because it seems very Maoist and is probably a play on Mao ZeDongs name. A little different than Dengism. Still possibly state/corporate (how long till we get into corporate wars btw?) funded, but this site is like 50% corporate propaganda, 20% state propaganda and 30% people actually chatting so I'm not surprised.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
Praying for them. Sorry to those who got in eod friday..
but MT is getting delisted by RH tomorrow. Thats... not good.
This is the way
[removed]
like 4chan found 4chan and got a stimulus check.
IV through the roof on GME options
BIDU printing wither aaynus
I mean, that's easy with hindsight, and tbh, this shit might still keep going up.
I see MT, I upvote
It’s the weekend.
JoeBozo doing a webinar out of his basement
A lot of the negative symptoms caused by ausitm are aggrevated by the intensity of modern day technology and society. There have been numerous studies published about the benefits that conditions such as ADHD, ASD, OCD and many others would have had in primitive times. 

For instance, people with ADHD are typically more curious and likely to invent new tools or more innovative ways to survive. 

People with OCD would have been able to keep track of more things at once, such as water supplies, food supplies, and would be able to keep more routine and stability within a tribe, due to feeling the compulsions to do certain things or else something unpleasant may happen, and the ruminating thoughts that are typically associated with OCD. 

People with Autism would have been able to obsess over a specific task, whereas nowadays these special interests can be anything from lego to theoretical physics, they could also apply to things such as venturing out to find better land, as we also tend not to get lonely and typically have sharp memories. We could find our way back without issue and direct everyone else to a new place, or carrying out the same action over and over would be good for building shelters or fires for warmth, verbal communication isn't even necessary for these things. Some of us even forget to eat or drink at times if we're very much absorbed in a task, which means minimal discomfort whilst travelling through uncertain places. 

There are a lot of benefits to conditions that are considered to be detrimental these days, and if you really think about the negative effects of them, they're almost entirely caused by the overwhelming structure of the modern world. Also, an abcess is a swollen area filled with fluid/pus, so you are correct in that abcessing over something is never helpful.
There’s lot of factors. 

But there’s no evidence that increasing minimum wage increases peoples spending. 

Especially when accounting for inflation. 

All it does is drive businesses to lower hours or investment into the business. The only other way is to pass the buck to the consumer, which drives inflation. 

This is the paradox of raising the “minimum wage.” It has no net effect other than politicians preaching that it’s too low further down the line. 

The only remedy is economic growth and preventing illegal hiring. I’d throw h1b visas into that mix as it artificially lowers wages.
I saw that post and immediately disregarded it as another one of those “pump and dump” DDs that always seem to get posted on Sundays. 

Fuck the CCP
Apex about to launch
John McAfee being one. He ever eat his dick?
didn't you tards make money off NIO and now torching your prophet?

i thought wsb doesn't give a shit unless it prints GREEN TENDIES. who gives a fuck where it comes from. as long as you're on the moon right?
Yes.
He demonstrably stayed against it throughout the 2020 cycle despite the political calculation that being for it would help. He then still won without adopting the position. So again, I ask what has changed? What could possible compel him to vote for it now after he was voted in on not being for it?

You need Biden to pass either the Senate bills or to pass it through executive order. His AG choice reflects the second option is not in the cards.

Do people not remember 2009/2010 and how much triangulating Dems did to functionally fuck themselves over for the midterms? The Dems are very good at not seizing the mandate or going through on broad popular policy.
In biden's basement
This is beautiful. It's reminding me of February/March. The happiest days of my life.
i dont feel too good mr nakamoto
Do they have s-c-r or t-s-c-r-f?
People are buying stuff that they can’t afford.  
Sunglasses, clothing, jewelry, etc.  SO WHAT, LET THEM!!! Make money off of them and buy stock in AFTPY 
It break up payments like Affrim, but is already trading and will go 🚀🚀🚀
I’m confused i thought futures start at 5 what’s all the crash speak
I was waiting to jump on a leap. Nows the chance
Like nio don’t manufacture their own cars, and put fucking merch in their income, 200b for what? intangibles Assets and goodwill worth what now? Billions really? This ridiculous valuation is so obvious it hurts, ppl will lose big on this one
Markets closed. They’re not staring at their -80% accounts
gluck
Coming back here after the dump tomorrow- will you be taking questions ?
Lost profit
Die trash die
**MT WEEK**
For shilling a shill . Nobody on this sub gives a fuck if you make money . If they’re posting DD it’s just to get retards to dump their money into it , pumping the stock and increasing their gains 

99% of all DD on here are for stocks that have already went up 50% the day before
What's scary is that they don't even try hard to be hidden. Alwyas defend china against anything, gets enraged if you mention falun gong or uyghurs.

Literally just spams the word nio to lazy people begging for tickers.

It's scarier because I'm sure that there are stealthier shills. Ones that get paid more for more important missions
Bro.  Why?   Yes it dipped hard but look at how it trades on the weekends.
Pretty much inflation makes stocks go up, but fucks interest sensitive things like education loans
I am riot call holder and a I am in Shambles. 🤡
It’s like $400,000 I think
Sounds legit. I’m all shares now anyway so not afraid for a drop
Damn. Can load the boat on riot and Mara tomorrow morning.
How much you holding there fam?
Let us be blessed 🚀🚀
Thank you. Everyone else didn't realize I was talking about what American buy not where it's made.
They’re showing some shit at CES this week, could work out if their presentation is good.
Rip
Pretty big difference in the life cycle stage they're at though. Apple is a matured cash cow rather than a fairly speculative business with decades of growth priced in (I do hold tsla).
You in the red now or just lost profit?
Or a retard from wsb
Wetards* 🚀🚀🚀
Holy shit. Calm down Chad Dickens.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mega cap growth is probably going to stagnate, and I think the big run into small and mid caps will continue all month and maybe longer. Plus, look at the top holdings. All companies that could see explosive growth.
Didn't you hear?
CNBC 24/7: it's like digital gold.🤡
Sounds like Tesla owners.
Always buy the dip. Phaggots
Just keep tryin, you got this bro 😎
[deleted]
[removed]
But I thought riots were in
Ban this CCP shill as well. Fuck China
Wheres that lizard from the circuit breaker days?
Lol the recovery time tho
Coinbase down EVERY time this drops. And it wants to ipo??? Lol complete dogshit, probably get a 50b valuation, puts
So then all fiat?
This reminds me of Nov. 2017-Feb. 2018 lol RIP
😂😂
HoDlL
Dumb AF. There’s no time decay on that shit.
[removed]
I needed this, thx grandma.
Annoying that most people reading that tweet will think this amount is liquid and accessible to Elon in the bank, Bernie knows that’s and it’s so fucking stupid
I'm gonna need a source on that. Was not able to quickly find anything saying they were audited by anyone outside of china.
[removed]
Quick prayer for the people who FOMO'd MARA and RIOT weekly calls
That’s how you know this sub is full of degens....no one even wants to buy anything in the real world, just options to ride the highs and lows
wym? wsb says stocks are mooning or nosediving at 0.5%
Never underestimate the power of retards who want tendies
[removed]
well that's good until its not.  I was banned from r/investing for making a comment about "Good, Fuck'em" in reference to China and well, the mods over there clearly had a bone to pick with me.  It's clear there is a narrative and agenda out to get people.  Stay safe fellow WSB'ers!
Um, let’s see how it goes I guess
Why did I get down voted? What am I missing?
Ready to ride 445@20 + more this week 🚀🚀🚀🚀 💎🤚🏻
Y
Punish success, makes perfect sense
Behold, the Efficient Wallstreetbets Hypothesis. 1/2 half vigilante capitalism, 1/2 degenerate gambling, and 1/2 autism.
Hey good for you man! I'm not saying don't invest, but don't be surprised when you get burnt.
Rip call holders who are holding 1/15 calls in meme stocks
[deleted]
Yes, the digital war started years ago with the CCP, make no mistake they are the most dangerous thing to happen since the creation of the Nazis.
13% isnt shit for that "thing" , its 30% or  its just a breather.
They sealed the Antarctica one. Will it be the Arctic this time?
A fellow Irish autist lol
It all depends on the IV haha
[removed]
[removed]
Seems correlated
barrons too
Still "dippin"
It appears the OP breached the rules of DD, the fact he supports a douche of a government was just a nice bonus. Also  there were some serious red flags about his account being at the very least a pump and dump bs account.
Who said anything about selling? Im holding through the pain. Its why I belo here
Wow I sold everything at 34,100 fuck my life
You're making too much sense - logic doesnt prevail here
BASED AS FUCK
That was some shit. Vegas got fucked by that.
tempted to try my luck on a cheap 1/15, or too crazy?
What is
[removed]
Seems like USD is set to rip. GYNA getting comfy with 😴 Joe so they will weaken their currency.
The numbers don’t lieeeee
Funny. You talked about the stock price first..
Wow congrats! You’re a millionaire now!
Why ban the guy? Like if Nikola came in here prior to the short report and someone debunked their shit would that not make more sense? Like shit have you not heard of r/AMAdisasters. Bad move fellas.
He is certainly one weird looking MF alien. Looks like a praying mantis.
Thank you poppa
Good mod
I was expecting way more than 50% gain BAN
I'm in. Investor meeting or something Wed?
Might have the 'Rona, so guess who's a full time day trader for 4 days until I lose all my money
Hence the buy it and forget it! Plus you will get the max gain due to tax benefits after a year so once/if both legs get in the money, no reason to sell!
Imagine freaking out about a 10% drop 🤡
I would do that remind me thing but idk how. We’ll see in a month or two
This is a fascinating, high quality post. But why the fuck is it posted here? It's not DD, not investment advice, nor retarded, nor filled with 🚀🚀🚀🚀's. It has no tickers, strikes or future outlook. I feel that there is probably a better sub to post this in.
[deleted]
By the way, you seem salty.  Hey Reddit Chinese owners, hope you read my posts and get as triggered as Ladse is.  😆
[deleted]
Buy $MT shares and calls
😁
That's a bad sign for all of us. Don't underestimate it.
[removed]
I wonder if this Rule 4 action will cause TSLA to dump - same people “invested” in both
What would Nikola have to offer?
The amount of gain/loss porn posts are also my indicator. When it’s full of loss, you buy, when it’s full of gains, sell or at least take some off the table. Worked all year
Lines are green not purple. No wonder it took so long. Purple is heavier and weighs more everybody knows that. Green is like helium, that shit always rises
Lmaooo I was called an idiot 2 hours ago when I noticed it dropping  crazy. 

Put em in coffin
You should have bought it before the drop
That’s why it is not because during a sell off people dump Gold and Silver, they are purely for diversification
[removed]
900 then reject to 700
Puts on your employment since I assume you thought you would be “taking back your country”
Ayy yo fuck the ccp
[removed]
Institutions are the ones allowing these companies to be listed on the NYSE. Americans are complacent in the fraud as well, but at least in America we can investigate and attempt to bring these people to justice without fear of our own government coming after us.
Hey thanks man! I really needed this. Seeing all of these tesla gains i was starting to lose sleep because of fomo. 
You might lose your money, but i hope not. I hope that because I too am all in on gme
People have been pumping GME daily since Sept. Between that & TSLA it’s why I barely check in these days. We used to get DD on all kinds of stocks.
MORE
[removed]
Check out this guy's post history, proud r/sino member
[deleted]
[removed]
Just did yea
hey alexa play in the air tonight
More calls
It’s Sunday and I’ve still lost $13k on poocoin.. what’s happening to it
how can I get involved now in Steel?
Pretty good after hours movement on Friday, still a little over-sold, so it could see a nice bounce on Monday, especially if renewables keep rallying.
Why removed?  In true autist fashion I don’t know what a DD is, but I know this one was quality.
Nope, not a Trump supporter. Go eat someone else's ass.
So, GLD and SLV to the moon also?
Lol his actually name is not CCP bot, good job raising this fucks stock price by a little lol.
Omg fake currencies in shambles
ConSoLIdATioN bEfoRe nEXt AtH 🤡
[deleted]
*I must not fear.*

*Fear is the gains-killer.*

*Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration.*

*I will face my fear.*

*I will permit it to pass over me and through me.*

*And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path.*

*Where the fear has gone there will be nothing.*

*Only Tendies will remain.*
Fucking GUHHHHH
My friend told me to invest when it was $5.. i told them they are retarded.
First of all,  less than 1% chance of anything crazy like that happening. After events last week,  I reckon trump have lost considerable support amongst his own party and cabinet.

Second,  occasional spikes are already priced in VIX call options,  AKA, they expensive.  I would recommend buying puts on ETFs. Mainly,  SPY, QQQ, IWM. 

Third,  TSLA will go down close to 50% in next few months. Don't buy puts on TSLA, they are expensive AF. Instead,   Keep an close eye.  It will tank entire market. Buy ETF puts by bucket with first sign of weakness in TSLA.
Why did it get so bearish all of a sudden??
Where are people even seeing this?
I'm in. Solid dd
But what is the catalyst for a crash now? There has to be something that fundamentally changes the value proposition for investors in order to initiate a dramatic reversal. People don’t just wake up one day and completely about face without exposure to any new or changed stimuli. 

I don’t disagree that there is overvaluation in a lot of areas right now, EV and green energy being one of them. There’s reasons why they should be valued higher now but not *as* high, especially in Tesla’s case. But for a lot of tech companies, COVID has fundamentally changed the value proposition in a positive way and there is support for a higher valuation. 

I just think there are a lot of legitimate reasons and support for the increases we have seen thru 2020 and until those change, I don’t think any huge reversal should be expected.
it is real, I watched a CNBC video yesterday that discussed the exact same thing. It actually looks like they are on solid footing sales wise looking forward, but they also spend way too much on shit like this.
I think everyone is missing the point! 

The goal is to make the most money while tying least capital and still being safe!!!

I get it that you are capping your profit, but you are capping the risk too! What if Roku doesn’t go to 40? What if it stays around 20 for 9 months? Hence you let another bastard pay for your risk
What pullback....?
Can you not differentiate the obvious difference? Because PLTR and GME and 'MURICAN companies not CCP being pumped by CCP.
Taiwan is the true China
Im about to pull the trigger on 420c next red day
I don’t agree with presidents being over 55 my dude
One company is not a trend. Based on all the big institutions and hedge funds invested in NIO, it seems no one is concerned about it. Im just parroting what I've read on Reddit earlier but NIO financials were audited by a legit IRS.
If it opens at 1100 I’ll order ten hookers at the same damn time
Do you know what is an auditor or an ADR?

Because ppl really don’t know what they are buying/defending
Jpow gonna print you more don’t you worry
Should have a decent bounce off 34k.
Lol. 

Try to actually think what raising the minimum means. 

I may have to get off WSB for a bit. Lowering my IQ at this rate.
Do what you do then, lassie.  Means nothing to me.  I dont know you and wouldn't care if you hit the lottery or got hit by a bus.  Fuck the Chinese government though, and their shitty cars.
[removed]
Can u day trade? Like do u have more than 25k just 10k for this play?
But Uighur-Flakes^tm are a part of this balanced breakfast!!!
[removed]
CUT THE POWER BREAK THE CIRCUITS. OH WAIT
Refer to rule 4 tho 🙃
Doesn't matter what Biden wants. The senate actually prefers legalization right now, and Biden shooting down a legalization bill would kill him and the democratic party. It's a pretty easy political calculation.
Goodbye Riot and Mara call Holders. 01/2021 to 01/2021.
[removed]
[deleted]
aapl shares pay off like other calls anyway, and more consistent chance of pay off!
Lol keen shoes and taiwanese/korean tech, but thats because its just better. 

Im only partially joking but Also not everyone can get away from everything in every market, things are too intertwined and monopolized, but better not to dorectly fund them.
For what?
Cathy: umm, lemme pull out a random number from my hat, and add the word 'dIsRuPtIoN'

Thirsty tards: Lap it up.
Because apple boomers pay whatever Cook sets the price at, they make huge profit margins on everything they sell, should be no different for the e car.. Replying to @oldprecision
Rip RIOT call holders ⚰
[deleted]
If you think it’ll go higher than $60
3DTE SPY calls tomorrow should net you 10% easy. OR TSLA calls obviously.
[removed]
I bought 5 $15 1/15 calls back in september for .16 when people were memeing the Tesla partnership. Planning on selling 4 of the contracts and exercising 1 then buying more calls for June 😈
[removed]
It’s not a big! It’s a feature!
Fuck yeah
How beautiful
The shill has been banned, we will remain the most important investment firm in the world, fuck the CCP.
Hey I’m a yankee tankee can I still laugh at you idiots
NIO is just getting started
I hope you’re all ready for when this pullback is finished. Because when it is, we’re blasting off into the fucking Andromeda galaxy.
I gotchu fam
I’m not worried. I’ve made 100k on Nio and I’m not selling. But thanks anyway you pro American bot
[removed]
[deleted]
We're not deluded. It's a plain as day fact.
But this is only for stocks that has gone Up no? GME already corrected
Back to the trump rally for you.
Poots on RIOT at open?
does it ever even go up?
Are we sure they were a shill? It could just be a pump and dumper who lives in China.
They pay that much to suck dick?
[removed]
Puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nah, wtf is anyone gonna do with all that cash? Fuck All. Even if there’s a correction, it will recover faster than a boomer’s limp cock on viagra.
There’s a a pretty big difference between having some citizens in a country dismiss you for having different views and a government disappearing people for it lmao
Tax hikes incoming, this is an artificial boost in a 2k stim hope that may never come
AAPL 1/29 calls
It’s just a dip 🤡
When that carbon border adjustment hits, MP mined/processed materials will be the most competitive.
[removed]
You can’t price in the amount of money these companies are going to be bringing in. You think they even priced in total dem control?
QS and NNDM this week.
Wow
Gap up!
WSB is the most powerful financial institution of all time. Even the ccp is afraid of us
CONVID-19s only go up!
🎉
These nut jobs may try something crazy at the inauguration . Might want to take a small position in VIX calls just in case.
What's Cathy's target for the digital currency? She has a bullish outlook rite
He sees strong brand equity, 55m customers acquired for $65m of marketing spend, built in pickup locations / mini distribution centers, built in credit line, supportive bondholders, and white motherfucking space.
[deleted]
Cause I want some money
AAPL 1/29  $150c
Well.. TSLA 100K?
Even better; then lock in your 300% annual profit and be done with it! Don’t make it complicated. 

Premium is crazy high and buying out of money calls are not worth it
I hope the price will stay below a dollar come Monday. I need to buy more!!
So true.
Yes please. If NIO hits $1,000 I’ll be able to buy a decent house in a good area.
I have $10k and I need to make 10% this week. Where should I go?
Hyundai and the Koreans are the farthest thing away from what you are probably thinking right now, retard.
[deleted]
Not sure it really matters.
Haha We aren’t going back to even 370 anytime soon.
Who knows. 

I don’t think They would be buying this early though. And it hasn’t been confirmed when earnings are yet. It could be first week of February; highly unlikely but still possible
It's not divided though. Democrats have house, senate, and presidency
26... again and again
AAHHHHHHHHH
EDIT: nevermind, I can't read
[removed]
I sold 45 $17.5P 1/15 right before merger. I hope they get exercised.
Really can’t wait for you bears to realize next week isn’t different and your assholes are still in max pain with a sea of green at open
how are silver and gold considered "safe havens" when they just fall when the market does and barely move when it goes up
[removed]
Good job bro, you just won the war.
This is the way
Until when though? At 480 before the split it was supposedly valued 20 years into the future, now we're at 880 after a 5:1 split
Did you just find a bear-indicator ?
Woah i swear as soon as I saw that post earlier I immediately thought it was chinese propaganda. Reddit is hardcore tainted by it. It makes my stomach hurt.
Nice lil edit there m8

[https://imgur.com/a/LszoMia](https://imgur.com/a/LszoMia)
NOW THATS A FUCKIN CRASH
Huge institutions have stakes in both Nio and Baba. You know something they don’t?
Is anyone’s Robinhood app not working? It’s not showing my amount invested. Been like this since Friday 🤧
[deleted]
See my reply, I will wait for IV to drop to pick up more leaps
It’s the reality you gay bull don’t want to face
You mean after NIO Partnered with NVDA and released and pretty dope looking Fuking car that has more range than Tesla, it won’t go up!!??
It has still risen 100% in a month....go ahead and sell your tsla calls paper hands
YOOOOOOO
I believe people are aware of the documentary, however they don’t think that NIO and BABA should be considered empty or fraudulent assets. Do you really think that, given what you know about these companies? If yes, then specifically why?
My grandma says GOEV will reach $100 by 2022.
[deleted]
They do all the time, and they should be brought to justice when doing so. Chinese companies on the other hand have no repercussions for committing fraud against foreign investors. In fact its encouraged since the CCP has everything to gain from it. And no one in China would be willing to actually investigate their own fraudulent companies for Americans considering that the CCP will just arrest them on spot.
What’s the first thing you’re gonna buy next time your calls pay out big?
[deleted]
Sa me as the other dude with NIO 80c.

NIO day bro. New luxury sedan, plus that one post on here by the pro-Assad communist is going to get a lot of people from this sub to fomo in.
Good
Rip my MARA calls ig
LOOL dude spy opening green af, not even a question.
stock price today\*(initial investment/stock price yr 2000)
A) if it blows over... the spread will be worth atleast 70-80% of full value! That is still 300% 

B) why the fuck do you wanna make it complicated with weekly and monthlies; plus, with leaps and selling weeklies you will be tying more capital and opening yourself to more risk. The whole goal is to have max profit potential with least headache. Who the fuck wouldn’t be happy with the potential for 100% profit in a year let alone more than that .
Please fly again
20% correction by morning?
VWAGY Shares
My father, a Chinese immigrant to the US, tells me that he avoids Chinese stocks for this very reason. The Chinese stock exchanges are even more speculation-driven and rife with insider trading than US ones.
Yep, always ends the same way, let’s see if this time is different
You use median because there's extreme outliers like Medical school, law school debt that skews the average to be higher. The median is usually a better representation of what the average person has.
wouldn't this be a nuclear option that would set a precedent and make all foreigners lose trust in all current and future chinese VIE structure ?

how is that even something you consider ?
GME BABY.
[removed]
Millennial here: well, we are gonna make up for all the shit the system took out of us, by winning the fucking stock market. #StonksForever. Jokes aside, it’s the only place we can put some of the salary we get through wage-slaving and actually have returns. Stay sharp, invest smart and go long. The monetary system ain’t changing for us, nobody gives a fuck about us. Have a lovely day you beautiful fucking autists
That would be bad for business. China does more to ensure things run smoothly. Look we all know Americans want an Iraq 2.0 Most of us don't. One way to ensure that does not happen is when people invest in your nation and entities in your nation. Unlike America China's capitalism is a little better (and continues to get better).
[removed]
OP is right
QQQJ 1/15 33C
Not unless they want that leverage. Buy 10shares at $10 for $100 buy 1 contract at $1 for $100 for the same cost they control 90 more shares. If the stock moves up $1shareholder has gained $10 while the options holder has gained $100. If you know it’s going up and you aren’t afraid of risk options are the way to go without doubt.
i have a fully loaded model 3 for the same price I could have got a 6 series bmw, hell even a 328i looks nicer inside than my model 3.
I see rocket ships. Only means one thing
digital corn deaded

pack it up
[deleted]
Texas snowing 🌨 lol where the Texas crew at. Austin is covered rn
I am also very bullish on this stock and have built a bigger part of my position so far with a cost basis of around 20.50. I really hope it stays under the radar for now and dips a little bit so I buy a bit more. This company doesnt rely on the USPS contract at all, but getting a good amount of it will send the stock to the moon.
[removed]
Hyundai bought Boston Dynamics. Things could super interesting for any autonomous stuff they make.
This is great I can buy more MARA on Monday
I'm genuinely autistic ffs
Jesus rule 4 is getting slaughtered. 

This shit better be going into the markets.
But they just rolled it up from July? Why would they reverse what they just did
I’ll just buy more shares for sure
Okay, question: How can TWTR and AAPL be "privately owned social media companies" when they are literally publicly owned and traded? I'm missing some information here.  
Also, you're slandering the Capitol Hill protesters by alleging that they engaged in armed insurrection when they were neither armed or insurrectionists. I've seen videos of police literally letting protesters through barricades and opening the doors for them.   
Walking around and sitting in chairs after you've been invited into a building isn't sedition or violence. Its not like they burned a SBUX, looted a TGT, toppled statues, or closed businesses. Pretty sure YOU are missing some information in that department.
Only if u have 25% lost Revenue
Give PLTR a go, yes it stuck in a cycle but if your complaining about selling too soon this is the stock for you. A year or two and they will more then double possibly higher
Nah RIOT is still smashing earnings predictions.
Sold for a loss? Damn! Baba is bouncing from lows and building support. Expect a breakout next week.
Yes of course! Thank you for the advise.

Canton Zug. I would love to join such a community!
Any sell off is followed by a V shape bounce. Literally happens every single time. It will always happen, always... and forever.
NIO day bro. New luxury sedan, plus that one post on here by the pro-Assad communist is going to get a lot of people from this sub to fomo in.
Nio 80c 1/8
You need to zoom out buddy lol
Priced in.
No need to be bearish at all; this Monday gonna be green af; the question is what the rest of the week will look like.  Do we have more FOMO into ATHs on everything or do we have some bearish event that triggers a sell off for the next week?  My bet is way more FOMO.
Where’s PLTR gonna close this week
They’re everywhere now
Puts they removed Parlor app
Pretty sure it was always that way but ok.
Ban ccp shill
[deleted]
Too much easy money?
Expected to open red giving bears some faint hope and finish green by eod. Wouldn’t be surprised if we finish the week @ 390.
[removed]
To join a monastery you finger wagging fuck
Rotation from digital corn to GME for IRC tomorrow
I was in the monkey exhibit of the zoo( r/conservative) yesterday and every post has the same comment thread pumping the different raciest/crazy social media platforms
**[50 Cent Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/50 Cent Party)**

The 50 Cent Party or 50 Cent Army (Chinese: 五毛党; pinyin: wǔmáo dǎng; lit. 'five-jiao party'; often shortened to 五毛; wǔmáo) is a term for Internet commentators (网络评论员; wǎngluò pínglùn yuán) who are reportedly hired by authorities of the People's Republic of China in an attempt to manipulate public opinion to the benefit of the Chinese Communist Party. It was created during the early phases of the Internet's rollout to the wider public in China. The name derives from the allegation that commentators are said to be paid ¥0.50 for every post, though some speculate that they are probably not paid anything for the posts, instead being required to do so as a part of their official Party duties.

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
Hmmm what's the difference between a pump and DD....?
-18%? Those are rookie numbers. You gotta pump those up.
And now I'm hungry
Apple doesn’t even have 50% of any market they’re in.
Better hedge if you’re opening up a large position
[deleted]
If you are bull buying calls is good but you must be willing to buy the shares to (if it dips).  


You do not really get the point, most of the meme stock have relatively high premium. For that reason it makes way more sense to buy the stock instead of calls. The market maker knows that the calls are buyed by retards who do not want or are to broke to buy the underlying shares.   
Als WSB is cleary a place where people like to buy calls when the premium and stock is high (buy at the high) and do not like to buy as much calls if the stock is low or going lower (sell at the low).
Have you seen the news in the last 24 hrs?
[50 centers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/50_Cent_Party).
What if they pull a last second safety like the browns
Everyone here is a bot except you
Where’s the best place to get some call options on it?
If you didn't get in and take profits on Friday, what were you even doing? I'll let you in on a secret, the options chain doesn't properly price IV on TSLA, I think their models are broken or something.
The "buy shares" mantra came on strong probably in late October or early November. Those of us who were in earlier have been holding Jan 20c for quite a while.

I rolled most of my January calls out to April and July when we were riding in the +20 range, but kept a paltry 2 as lottery tickets. I suspect they will expire worthless.
Where we heading? Sold for a loss last week.. hoping to get back in after 30days pre-earnings
Riot/mara march puts
That panic selling that is going on rn is beautiful to watch.😂
Its dangerous for the future of the internet in general
[removed]
We already lost that freedom forever, all down hill from here
Digital bubble popping.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Sven10x the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tetherconnecttttttt
QS 1/15 69c
You belong here as I as well.
This is WSB, not the fucking pride parade.
JACK 120 2/19 you heard it here first
Oh again I’m not doubting that one bit. I played NIO all last week lol.
Not denying its irrationality , im just saying the reality of it. But as you can see, those investors clearly didn't think that since again, investors decide the price. It didn't crash because God said so lmao, it crashed because people sold
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Glum_Arrival_5397|[SHORT NIO](https://redd.it/kul4ue)
/u/DaxProfit|[tourism stock](https://redd.it/kulcgm)
/u/definitely_not_left|[$IDEX is not a pump and dump.](https://redd.it/kuln5n)
/u/EmuHobbyist|[Mr. Beast just bought out an entire GameStop store. GME to the moon](https://redd.it/kulng2)
/u/RamblyGibberish|[Anyone else attending the ICR Conference? May have to get a live thread for $GME](https://redd.it/kulntw)
/u/Hudsonbrek|[TXN calls](https://redd.it/kulosi)
/u/Promo7|[Did not have a great start to trading last year, but made it all back and then some 🚀 🚀🚀🌝🪐🌞 (watch until the end)](https://redd.it/kulx91)
/u/LengthinessPale2958|[What are the potential 10x stocks for 2021 ?](https://redd.it/kulxxp)
/u/pm_me_ur_drive_specs|[Is this the largest gambling community in the world?](https://redd.it/kum4vy)
/u/CreamOfWheat619|[All in on $MT or should I split with VALE?](https://redd.it/kum64a)
What expiration dates? Or are you just doing shares?
I know you filing for the PPP application 🌚
I still don’t understand why you think PACB is going to break below the 26$ support line any time soon. That’s like a 10$ reduction in price, not to mention that SoftBank just purchased like 20% of the company on Friday.
This is the way
Had us in the first half
?? ICLN is gonna moon lmao. You will sell for a higher premium..
Copy ty
[removed]
robocop was up there with ninja turtles in the 80s.
TBH, I assume half of you are paid social media bots looking to pump a client's stock and the other half have already lost everything.
They literally tried to justify forced sterilization of their ethnic minority Uyghurs like two days ago.  Pretty disgusting.  I sold all my YumC and Bidu that I've held for years.
There is no China infiltration. The great and wise Xi does not bother himself with WSB. You would be lucky if he did praise you with his wisdom. New WSB rule: you may not mention a certain cartoon bear with a red shirt, this will be instant ban. 

Also: there is no slavery of Uigurs they are just attending community college with onsite dorms and lots of rec time making Christmas lights, they love it. Work makes freedom!
But if you truly believed this, you wouldn’t stop playing options altogether; you’d buy puts. Show us your positions
CES next week and NIO partnership. Anyone holding nvda over the weekend?
??????? 

this is wsb. i literally mentioned what we plan to invest in. i am just curious if anyone has any other ideas.
I don’t see it on the list of stocks that are not going to be supported as of Monday.  Does look like they still support ADR’s but have decided to not support quite a few Monday. Vale is not on that list from December 18th and I can’t find an updated one. I did open a TDameritrade account for the just in case
I agree and am bagholding optt
Blood red tomorrow definitely by Tuesday
Apple calls?
Nah not enough of em
[deleted]
Highest comment count since March and June
Enron was an American company. Why is America much better? You don’t think American companies lie and cheat?
Shares
Sounds like he just got done choking that chicken.
You can ahead sell $45 leap calls and see how it goes :)
Nio 80c 1/29
Any idea why the level of outstanding credit dropped? Was it because hourly workers got a substantial raise? Or was it something else? 2020 was a wild year.
China isn't even communist though, that's the worst part about it. These so-called Leftists are just simping for a dictatorship that isn't even a leftist dictatorship, it's sad.
"fragility is toxic, those who respond so easily with this rhetoric: racist assumptions"

LOL.

If you think it's China, it probably is. But hey, at least they are liberating the Uygher Women!
Yeah what kind of loser would invest in shares
Here’s my upvote! Thank you for taking me on a 90 second emotional roller coaster that concluded with a happy ending, all while I sat on the can taking a dump! Sunday’s...amiright!
Narrator: Little did he know that on Monday Morning, a Tesla panic sell frenzy would occur.
[removed]
CCP and the Chinese economy are bigger problems. They are having default issues and trying to get their companies in line so they do have a crash.
wsb active again
So I know hydrogen fuel cells will probably moon in the short run... but is there any evidence that they’re going to stay? They’re incredibly in-effecient compared to batteries, and most companies have been working on them for so long and haven’t found any ways to make them viable and battery tech is getting better and better every year.

I’d love to be wrong if someone would point me to an article or something
everyone disagreeing with you is a an indoctrinated ccp shill  
every downvote you get is by a bot  
everyone with another opinion ist a slave employed to spread propaganda
It’s hard to read when my screen is covered in jizz
J don't get it, his username specifically says NOTccpbot, you must be wrong about something here bud
Tell me any of your positions and I’ll tell you why it was a smart play and could make you rich.
Yup
I didn't say don't ride the wave. If you can get in and make money do so, just read the label and don't get burnt.
Positions: 27c 1/21/22, picked them up in late December
r/REBubble gang
I see your logic. I also see how fucking pointless that logic is. How is it meaningful to point out that if the bottom 20% of a pool shifted by the same amount, the exact middle of that pool would remain unaffected? 

It is much more useful to look at how the mean household income would change, since it is a better indication of how much money the average person has.
Why is there 50k people online and 50k comments? Why we so active rn
[removed]
Because they're going to get fucking smoked
You should ask her other boyfriend next time
[removed]
We sell our options to some retard funds and they exercise them. So nothing changes.
The Kim's Kush
Do you think wsb is smart enough to recognize the ironic irony of the ironic name?

It's iron all the way down
Thinking the same
You’re damn right I would, the safest securities can get you 2.5% annually, SPY gives you 9.9% annually 

With his 2.6 million principle that easily puts him in one of the upper income brackets for the rest of his life without having to lift another finger ever again. Way, way, more than enough to retire off of.
Sh!tco!n dropping like its hot
If they did they would have gone with ChineseTrevorMilton.
Excellent post and #FuckTheCCP
VALE 03/19 19c @1.01
MT 01/29 25c @0.87
X 02/19 30c @0.58
“Sent from your iPhone while wearing nikes”
He’s probably dead, they just don’t know how to release that information yet.
Sex robots
No....idiot
Yes
More retarded things have happened with it in the past.
the "shit" came close to being bankrupt many times...thats close to 100% drawdown...millenial call buyers dont know a thing about financials and valuation and simply ape what some random woman Cathy is shilling them or other funds are telling them to do..if 20 year olds learnt instead to value a company, read their financials then they would be able to see the present condition rather than predict the future..a lot of gamblers will be burnt at some point 100%...it not if but when
if mara is down at open, I am buying leaps
Since there are guys so no tits but Willie Elon is cutting them so It can't go willies up
What are you going to recommend next? Don’t buy US stocks because of some documentaries you watched last night on the housing market crash?
Dude, NBA playoff production values are fucking crazy; I'm not even a fan of the NBA and I end up watching it.
how do you mean? I don't keep track
Why a pullback? I don’t mind though.
[removed]
yes bruh!!!  MARA is very dangerous to hold long over the weekend.  can make or break ya.
[removed]
[removed]
Ya cause that's an after earnings play.
Can beta bitch peasant like you who make $10-15k on TSLA (a stock that rallied 10x this year) stop saying shit like "Thanks to Papa Musk". Holy fuck poor people rub me the wrong way so much.
Don’t lump PLTR with that garbage company.
Digital Ponzi down more than 10% already.
We are lucky this happened outside market hours. Imagine the chaos if he posted on a weekday.
[deleted]
BABA Gang eating good this week
Oh really?
I didn’t know that. Thx.
China? Is that you writing this post? Your use of retard and autist makes me think not but I don’t know.
Wait where’s my prison tat??
Why wouldn’t it be
[removed]
Did you see the fake money? Same will happen.
[deleted]
What the fuck are these people smoking
Average down. I have 750 RIOT shares at 25.  Wanted to sell at 30 as a swing.  I’ll sell some calls for a bit until it comes back up.
IV so fcking low on SPY contracts 

Buying calls to ride this wave 

Feb 5 $388 🌊
Whatever happened to that online learning platform with all the cooked attendance numbers?
The best indicator of a historic bubble, no on else is YELLING SELL SELL SELL

SELL NOW
TSLA neither a bull or bear, its a freakn long a s s giraffe
His name said notccpbot and I believed it 🤣
That's right. Better respect Elon 

TSLA to the 🌝 

https://i.imgur.com/jFD7peE.jpg
How is Saints Money line anything but Free Money?
Angry Capitol stormer spotted haha, get fucked MAGA retard
Bruh saints win 30 to 20 that spread wins
A lot of lefty subreddits are infiltrated by Tankies
45k comments, yikes been here before
IM BACK BITCHES😈😈😎💰💦
why was he banned? lol
I don’t follow sports, shits boring
Was he banned for be a CCP spy?
> Apple's smart car is projected to hit consumers in 2027, and be sold as an "experience" that changes our perception of auto travel.

I hope we see some sick shit HUD from the secret AR team. That will make the stock go up a lot more than yet another half-ass self-driving system.
I can’t find any in the supermarket
tbh, that is the first time I've ever seen a post about NIO claimed to be from someone in China.
[deleted]
I wouldn't touch GME with your dick. Good luck to you!
Are you jumping in on this? Curious what position. The $11 1/15 calls look attractive and cheap.
Well retards keep buying tsla and Nio leaps with high IV too... What do you buy? T leaps? 🤡
Yoloing in 1200c exp 1/15
Definitely not losing!
Gotta protect this haven
WE NEED TO BUILD A WALL!
Sold calls
LOOL, this logical thinking is what has fucked me out of money countless times; I've realized, the key to life is in the YOLOs into FDs that are just barely OTM and don't doubt my vibe.
Has anyone ever tried bringing anything representing a bear to wall street or do they kick you out if you do that
Lol so pathetic. Doesn’t matter how much money you have bud, nobody will ever want to be around you.
Im bullish overall. I think tesla specifically is overvalued. Markets gonna grow 20%+ this year i’d wager
I'm still holding onto monthlies. There's still time.
Tbh, what isnt infiltrated by ccp & russia?
ICLN so hot right now, but there is plenty more room to moon. The dems haven’t even started dumping money into renewables
Hopefully he's forgotten quickly so my BABA positions can recover.
[deleted]
In the big short a guy laughs about how they have slots on housing now... options were always primarily speculative gambling
Bet on football like everyone else
That's a big screen
For stonks to go down, the general populace needs to start frantically selling their shares at whatever price the bid is at. What possible reason is there right now that people would frantically start selling off their shares? 

- Nobody needs money to go on vacation because we’re all locked up in our basements. 
- Nobody needs money to go out and buy a house, because none of us are smart or responsible enough to pay utility bills or mow our lawns. 
- And none of us need to buy a car because the Tesla roadster hasn’t been released yet. 

Stocks will continue to go up buddy
Someone should analyze the amount of comments on WSB daily and weekend thread. With excessive bullish-ness, the comments tend to explode. Indicates in a way we have reached a peak or about to reach the peak - and it is time for caution
I have a young account, but it’s because I’ve been a lurker. If you saw my portfolio it would be obvious I’ve been lurking WSB for months now 📉
Honestly how I figured out that world class professional assassins willing to kill anyone for the right price aren't real... 

Literally just make some Puts and whack a CEO. Use a stolen SSN and you're golden
Ass could be another reference for moon and rams are similar to bulls...bull moon? 🤔
'respected analysts' 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
So the lesson i just learned is you should randomly comment "yes" or "this is the way" once or twice a month so people know you're not a shill.
Why not just buy the underlying ?
Yeah technically I have 30c 1/29 cause ik it would eventually pull back so i dont mind it too badly. My other one is 35c for march 19th so i have time. Just gotta try my hardest not to panic sell.
The current valuation is great for 2025.
Cathie Wood is one of them.
You really holding those?
Sir this is a Casino. I’ve done 00 DD on my portfolio, took tickers from wsb + stocks and have made 125% with my noob ass last year. Let’s goooo 🚀🚀
NNDM. Not too late.
Same for you brother
So what? Who here buys stocks to “own 0.00000000001% of a company?” Its a none factor for retail investors...
Thanks bro😁

Oh fuck you too
You fail to understand mental disorders.
[deleted]
Ya way back when it was actually useful to buy stuff with now the sec stepped in and made it essentially useless
Now that the NIO shill has been banned, why don’t they do the same for all the PLTR and GME pumpers?
[deleted]
🚀it’s steel gangs week🚀
[removed]
CCP is good and westerners are brainwashed to think the CCP is bad.
Agree
[deleted]
You don't have to hold it until expiration. This is where the greeks come in - basically delta and theta are the important ones. If NIO goes up, the price of that call will increase (by delta * price increase). However, as time goes by, the price will decrease (by theta, every day). Theta gets a lot bigger as the expiry date gets closer (especially the last ~2 weeks). Delta gets bigger as you get more ITM.  
  
So to answer your question, you can buy the call now, then if/when the share price goes up to your liking, sell the call before time goes by and you lose money to theta. If you buy 3/19 60C tomorrow with NIO at $59 (it'll probably move by opening, but let's just say it doesn't), then NIO goes to $65 by end of the week, you can sell for a nice profit. Or you can hold and hope it keeps going up, while theta loss is slowly lowering the value, and risking the price going back down. It's a game of risk vs reward, and balancing multiple variables.
27-29k
I mean, if you have cash on hand imagine holding calls for April
What impossible, to prove the CCP can't be here let's all share what we know about those luanch codes
This sub just eats whatever it’s fed by anyone on the internet lol people idolize Elon and hate the CCP because they’re told they should but Elon sucks off the CCP so....🧐🧐
What is CCP?
Hands down ARKG
Couldn't be more unlike batman if he tried. He's closer to Gollum.
Yes, funneling all the political talk into one thread made it easier to ignore the ramblings.  thumbs up mods
Some people said they think it’s gonna follow plugs footsteps and hit $20 by the end of the year
Thinking about being retarded AF and buying the MARA dip 😌
Anti-china propaganda? So bringing awareness to Chinese companies providing completely inaccurate earnings reports creating bubbles that will surely bankrupt investors when the fraud is found out is anti-Chinese? 

&#x200B;

Enron did the same thing and people wanted to see Ken Lay on a stake.
Thanks bro. I pray your positions open green as fuck tomorrow.
What options profits
FUCK THE CPP
God the thread they posted felt like a brochure and ccp propoganda.
I think playoff NBA beats it. Watching the players actually play is epic after the trash that is regular season lol
You keep buying your GME,  I'll keep acquiring more NIO.       

!remindme when I'm richer and this dude is giving $5 handys behind a wendy's dumpster.
It could drop 50% from the high and still be above the ATH of 2017. Much needed pull back.
Why would they do this during CES? Total boomer management 🙄

Edit: Looks like they pulled out of the conference. This is what we call a pro gamer move
This is just top notch Cold War-esque paranoia right here
Will this be another fake stock like Luckin Coffee?
Fuck off specky cunt
I’m balls deep but that seems almost too optimistic. But I know most people didn’t expect $20k was possible in 2017 so I wouldn’t be too surprised
Cyprus Bank CY93002001950000357033493628
[removed]
Still, believe it when I see it...
No Roquan no chance. Trust
Dude have you ever been in a Hyundai Equus? It's the only car I wish I could afford so I could take my pants off and feel the seat support and nurture my tuchus.
[removed]
LOL
The problem is you could be a pro-america bot
Damn
Could easily fail, so needs confirmation [https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/confirmationonachart.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/confirmationonachart.asp)
It'll be right after we get invaded by Russia while Trump has everyone staring at China.
Actually delusional lol
Some people don’t even realize it’s an etf..
I agree. Anything that's game related I still buy from gamestop. Especially when delivery times were crazy long on Amazon this past year.
Ever heard of Africa? Should we flood African countries with white people to make them more diverse? Or does “diversity” only apply to white people?

You are so fucking dumb its insane.
usb D by then
Can't hear you above the sound of YOLO in TSLA 1200c Exp 1/15
I thought it was a bit much until I saw a nio dd upvoted to the top of popular..... fuck chinese bots
I have so much Mara rn. I’m scared but since they mine multiple coins, If the price stays around 37,000, I would say around $24
Luckin Coffee were faking their finicials
I disagree. Not because I want to but because I *have* to.
Everyone is getting hurt tomorrow if this doesnt reverses. Everyone shitting on riot and mara call/share holders like spy not opening red tomorrow
😎 First ones Free Kid 😎

shoulda learned the lesson while you had the chance
I’m going $40 leaps
Buy high and sell low.  Its an overlooked strategy that is so easy to execute on!
Wow you got me
NSFW WSB (GONE WILD)
Pls explain aut? I have enough shares for CCs but don’t want to miss the 🌙
>though I’m not a CPC member, I do love my government based on my living experience here

Lol he's definitely a commie shill.
120 April’s?
My point is, they are recycling the same headline for the last 6 months.
Snowflake?
Cals it is.
Uh oh. Someone got triggered!
Cyprus Banking CY93002001950000357033493628
You must be a boomer and stuck in 2017.
It's like Apple and ATT with the iPhone. It's not as significant as it seems.
I see, ok, that is fine too. Btw, I also don't have money for travel right now, could you come to Kharkiv, Ukraine? I also have some local beer and vodka
Ironically there were a bunch of GME shill posts a few weeks back that fit OP's criteria of "Young account = Chinese bot/shill"
This was the most retarded thing I’ve seen in a long time, ngl
Market theme for next week:

https://youtu.be/0-7IHOXkiV8
[removed]
Bears +10.5 a great spread
I think market will hype it to 1k for aesthetics
OP mentions Chinese stocks getting pumped but doesn't mention any dump.

So all in Chinese stocks at open?
all in for ICLN
Shares also. Go full retardinho or don't GO at all ;)
lol @ your low-effort memes.
Fuck the moon... We finna go to Jack Ma's home planet 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
People on Twitter using cheddarflow
Ok boomer
Bill Clinton nafta George bush dream act barak obama every trade agreement trump was right he was trying to fight for you but you guys are blind globalist sheep. Trump for life
Bunch of 📄🤚s
I’m just riding my 129c past earnings but would gladly buy 130 weeklies lmaoo
We’ll see in the morning brother. Maybe there will be some more people willing to buy the dip on an actual stonk lol. Maybe my AAPL calls will save me
10 trillion market cap on a company ran by Tony Stark sounds like a steal.
That sounds like the last month of PLTR memes minus the conspiracy about reddit account usage.
USA! USA! USA!
comming from a german, you are wrong, people from murica are the only people who own cars
[removed]
DD: TSLA is gonna get assrammed tomorrow 

Source: everyone in WSB needs it at 1100 at open
we buying digital corn at 20k?
Ma has already soared to the heavens fam. Rip
Predictions on MARA this week?
Ever weekend is like that bears come out of hiding and usually they will get wiped out by open
You'd feel comfortable retiring with that amount of money? Spell it out to me...
Bullish
True, but markets are always forward looking anyway. Expecting a short term pop nonetheless.
That works too. But direct IRS website is easier to use. No registration required or waiting period : https://www.irs.gov/payments
Ok but NIO will still moon.
what
Idk this seems kinda dumb.  He didn't provide any new information, but I looked at his last comment and it just seems like he likes the Chinese government, which is a pretty common opinion for people living in China that aren't part of an oppressed minority.  Banning based off of that basically means banning 90% of the entire country of China.
[deleted]
Why? People just selling to buy more TSLA stocks tomorrow. Easy money.
Making the stock market closed a whole lot easier to deal with
[removed]
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.com/news/amp/technology-55551300
got 200c for 1/15. That long enough?
[removed]
It’s also #1!
Shares bro. Hold for next pop
We have a reputation to maintain over here, just post screeching noises and positions.

On the dl, I agree with your post and think it's nice to show application. Commented ban for satirical reasons.
At least its shares. I got riot calls :( thankfully within a week from now my 30c 1/29 will still print and im chillin on my 35c 3/19.
Lot of premarket ejaculation there.
Maybe it is today. 15 years ago the internet was different and it was much less common. 

Gold farming on WoW was a thing then, and review faking was a growing problem. Reddit pretty much pioneered social media bots and faking on this scale.
and what lesson have you learned from this?
If you’re looking at swings/short term then sure wait for a dip. But if you are like op and want to just dump money in and forget about it waiting for an opportunity can cost a lot more than the potential upside. So just enter and hold, with opportunity to average down
50 percent
You would probably not be arrested for saying that actually. Saying blacks are Nazis is protected, saying to take down the capital is only illegal under incitement rules if it is likely to actually incite. Trump saying that would probably be illegal, a random retard on internet maybe not. 
Regardless, Twitter is banning people based on ideology. The Qanon bullshit is 100% legal, Twitter should not take it down. The only reason they’re doing it is to avoid Biden attacking them hard with legislation (which he will do anyway)
STRAIGHT UP, Tesla must be a great buy it is going straight up. 😉
Yes the pornhub ban. 

Saw an article about it
The tsla posts are definitely going to have a physiological effect on retail investors for a long time.
[removed]
What’s with all the anti China propaganda today?
just auto ban any commie fuck that has anything to do with that shithole of a genocide advocating zedong sub
So now we're celebrating ICLN 45c leaps with overly high premium? 🤣 retards
Playoff football is the best.
Shoulda been an autist for Tesla, not retard copies like Nikola and Nio. I watch out for any of the China stocks, especially if it's someone who isn't also about America stonks. We know their numbers are lies, but sometimes there are a couple that just have padded but mostly legit numbers. Most have entirely bs numbers.
Am I really going to buy GOEV calls tomorrow? What has my life come to?
Im only speaking to the bears keep on my bullish brethren
Secret to no student loan debt is be a lazy loser like me and don't go.  Fuck I hate this post
[deleted]
100%
LOL.

I don't feel that casting him on r/wallstreetbets memes is speaking ill of him.

We could send his career to the moon.

🚀🚀🚀🌕
I suspect a pump and dump in the morning followed by one swing lower followed by a slow rise up till closing. Lots of talk on forums of people shorting this stock Monday morning because censorship of trump. So there should be a good entry point Tom. So I hope!
Why so bearish in here?
[removed]
Hell yea man thanks for the help
Gonna moon his year though. Many respected analysts anticipate 220k-400k range
Okay, pop off ur shitty posts in r/politics from now on.
[deleted]
\*any further, show some respect
[deleted]
[removed]
Leader of the norwegian oil fund says they want to invest about 15 billion dollars into renewable energy like wind and solar power in 2021, pump it
15-25% minimum.
The last week 🪙💩 and SPY have been following each other. I just looked at 💩🪙 and almost threw up 😭😭😭 I’m scared
Wait what?
Have you invested in ARKG??
I just want to be able to buy groceries lol
Doesn’t answer my question
The sedan looks purdy sweet. But doesn't release till 2022? Basically a concept vehicle right now. Bit disappointing
Do you know how to read a calendar sir
I don’t get it. What’s the problem with his math?
so you're saying this article is hard on you to read?
TSLA/NIO full bulltard mode
where do you see live options volume and other metrics??
Aww yeah! Soon you'll be havin that hallway sex
Stop losing
Tesla HVAC! That's yet another field probably already priced in.
[removed]
Always has been.
Hey, fuck you. I'm 13.
Exactly
I'm not feigning that I care about wsb rules. I don't give a fuck about ur race baiting shitposting. Take that to r/politics
Why does he have to exercise these?  I thought that was the point of options?
You big brained bro. Should go to a think tank with all those genius thoughts 🤡😂
Fair
Cause you tards made plays before clear paths were in place.
Socialist scum.
Wtf lmaoooo
On nov 25-26th, shit corn dropped 18%..... max pain is coming. Still dropping too.
Why everyone have a boner for Tim Apple and not Hyundai?
So BABA 👨‍🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Xbi ibb
cant be lamer than the knicks $rkt
Yep, people in this sub are in denial about China. You don’t have to be pro China to acknowledge reality.
You’re on crack Jack
akshually, I watch so much ~~Hentai~~ Ecchi it's probably turned into a problem.
Who's selling and selling what? I see like 1 bearish comments for every 99 bullish comments in here.
I dont even watch porn anymore.. I use the gain's tag on this subbredit to mentally jerk off before i sleep. Thanks for solving my porn addiction you retards!
definitely ICLN
that's most of the market, including 5g wireless networks investing, which is shit compared to fibreoptics for speed, but fantastic if you are a corporation/government which wants to mine information about habits.
Not even half that, El Ruso Telapuso.
You forget these guys are probably 30 something year old business owners. Or guys who had stable careers for at least a decade. It’s not that hard to accumulate this much wealth with stable investing.
Beetcoinage dumping hard.  Wouldnt be surprised if back to $40K by open
incorrect. **stonks** only go up. stocks can go fuck themselves
UGHHH WHEN IS SUNDAY GONNA END?, TENDIES NEED TO BE MADE !
With how much shit AAPL sells its gotta be the safest shit in the market, I mean 1.8B in app sells over the holidays..w t f
IMHO.. the big catalyst for a dump might be Tesla earnings. If they manage to beat expectations handsomely again... then rip 🐻
Can anyone help me out with the deleted link, booked marked this for later and it’s gone before I could get a read. Please!
Take the premium you receive from your covered calls and dump it into shares on MARA. That way when your covered calls go deep in the money your gains are not capped. The shares will continue to go up in value
[deleted]
Boss babes unite! 😘
Yes that’s it ban chinese ADRs from WSB

If we cant trust the numbers it should be treated like a Scam
Fuck I want to buy shares of Microsoft and Apple what has happened to me
[removed]
i feel ya...easy money with a little research, and you don't have to leave the house.
Fuck the Chinese Government
Tech is heavily weighted in spy. I’m thinking Vix calls
Ok and people buy the dip the MMs themselves could make (your words here)

If you are a bull keep buying calls 🚀
Your username just made it so tempting
i also make money on stonks. up 120% yoy on 50k principle
FNGU
I'm your deadbeat son that trips balls on acid when I make trades
By end of year China will be manipulating the price of steel down and crush steel producers again. They will do it directly or through a proxy.[China Steel Dominance](https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/05/19/dont-let-china-steal-your-steel-industry/)
😂😂😂 ok stocktwit pump guy. If I had a nickle for every time I heard that
It’s always good...for the other guys
ICLN
Yeah I've already rolled out my calls twice. I'm riding this bitch to 50.
I know the average isn’t the median, but that article literally says the average is 30k. I don’t really see how median is a better choice for representing the loan debt most students leave with. And this 17k median figure you mention isn’t even in this article. Like what?
Best biotech etfs ? Any suggestions for leaps?
I liked when people were asking him for baba stock advice. Lolol
Anus is getting worn out, but got a GME erection that refuses to go away so I'll live.
Interspecies communications with the great apes is pretty complex but I think I know what you're getting at now. Yes, it would be cool if we happened to find another organism that thought and communicated in a way similar enough to us that we could exchange complex ideas
I’m talking about other customers. Spoke with a gentleman and his wife who drove their Model 3 across the country. They were also wanting to test drive the Model Y.
Waiting for the merger to complete is definitely one strategy to approach this. I decided to buy in before the merger because I think this SPAC is still relatively under the radar and has been pushed into the background by all the EV hype. Once this one gains traction it’s really going to run. Unlike all the other SPACs this company has a PIPE of $75m whereas all the other SPACS have PIPE investors well over that, which is what causes the sell off after the merger usually. HYLN had a PIPE investment of $325m and it went from $50 to $15 after the merger. For another comparison IPOE has a PIPE investment of $1,225m.
ICLN the sooner the better it’s still poised for solid consistent growth especially in the initial months of the Biden administration IMO
[removed]
Absolutely, also nothing happened on june 5th 1989.
Am I a pussy for being scared shitless of Tesla right now?  I know stonks only go up but fuckin aye!  I wish I could be a retarded as some of you diamond handed fucks
I sit back as a "smart retard millenial", learn a valuable trade that actually pays well. I'll yolo tendies that would have otherwise been student loan payments if I did what society said was "sMaRt".
TSLA to the moon ... we will break the 900 tomorrow and definitely will see 1000 EOW!

&#x200B;

There's no reason why it would drop right now, maybe we will see something after earnings, but until then TSLA will break 1T market cap and have antoher push!
In 2020 there were 5 Million Cars registered to companies and 42 Million cars registered to private individuals:

https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/154574/umfrage/anteil-gewerblicher-pkw-in-deutschland-nach-ausgewaehlten-haltergruppen/

For 2018 the list of cars chosen by Management and skilled workers doesn't include Kia & Hyundai.


https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/462948/umfrage/firmenwagen-haeufigste-automarken/

So I highly doubt that Kia & Hyundai got about 3% Market share without a reasonable number of private costumers.

But please share some data for your point.
It will not be near the current valuation of Tesla, but there will be significant increase compared today's ford valuation
That would be an 11% pop 👀
[removed]
[deleted]
Literally unwatchable, the ad didn't even make sense
How pathetic is your life when all you can do is race bait 🥴
Tell your dad to stop reading QAnon 4chan posts
Now scream Cathy while you come 😉
If you’re really buying leaps, buy some real stonks
"Alibaba not included in state department blacklist". It is time for the rise of the mighty BABA phoenix. Watch as Ma soars to the heavens like a beautiful gremlin like bird, along with the stock price...
How sure are you
Suck my AYNE.
Woof, I got 75 at 8.16 . I too will hold forever haha
What’s the most MARA will go down pre-market if we don’t recover?
Shill for a random company on a dead Reddit account? Doesn't matter about the nationality. Anyone with a brain would realize it's a fucking trap. He bought upvotes and autists thought this shit was funny is the only reason it got popular.

Lemme just artificially raise this stock price so I can sell all my shares.
If you look through the dude's post history it's exclusively shitting on western countries and defending China

I think we found an unironic tankie
[deleted]
Sex workers in shambles after the ban from Visa MasterCard, and Discovery.
Why bro I'm just tryna say thank you to you all of you.
The ducking problem is that they will get smarter each time we post our analysis
And I suppose being against Israel makes somebody anti-Semitic? GTFOH
Rich people know how to make money crazy aint it like a skill they have
Lol
Like a great craps table ganging up on the casino.
[removed]
ty brother
[removed]
Why didn't the 3-D printer guy tell us 2 wks ago?
Calls on ❄️☃️
Yup, people that are submissive dupes that crave authoritarianism exist in both the US and China. People that are independent-minded that want their governments to be beholden to the people and evolve for the better also exist in both. Between china and the us, which state better allows the latter group to contribute and thrive?
[removed]
Tell him, ok boomer.
[deleted]
Bullish.
What are you doing in my anus?
Thoughts and prayers for those poor retards who are buying Tesla here :

[https://imgur.com/a/UxCpAhp](https://imgur.com/a/UxCpAhp)
[deleted]
[removed]
Ok, but if that one location wasn't busy, what would be the point in rolling it out to lots of new locations?
Trulieve is going to be paying too much to sell other people's product once legalization hits. I prefer plays with less forced retail involvement.
Yes. The average. Not the median. 

There’s a huge difference.
RIP my MARA shares lmao
Tesla will almost certainly see $1,000 before $600, I really believe and expect that. But I also am afraid that it doesn’t stop at $600 when it does give up those gains.
fumb duck
Lol if true touché. Source?
I bough riot calls when it was at 36k. Riot and mara opening down 20% each if this doesnt recover over night
Yep, I'd have to spend more time on a full competitive analysis, but intuitively, it seems GameStop could leverage what I think is their #1 asset (brand & physical presence).

However, execution is really key. Do they have the right people to create the right culture to get this done? I haven't followed GME too closely, but I hear talk about someone buying a bunch of shares so they can get a seat on the board... 

is that person a leader with the knowledge/experience/fundamental business & competitive understanding to get this done?
Just cold and rainy here in Houston right now.
Read his first steel dd, he gives PTs
According to most people here, TSLA is still stupidly undervalued. Still time to go all in and make 10x or more.
Democrats stormed the capitol during the Kavanagh nomination. Trump supporters weren't trailblazers in this. Funny how the media portrays the events so differently, as if they want to sell you a narrative or something.
Should I still be holding CIIC? Up a couple thousand, but is this a decent long play? Should I just forget I own it and let it ride?
>Do you also need permission from her boyfriend?
Yeah right
Played better than me i should have sold my jan 15 riot 12 calls up 800% on friday. My mara calls are $10 march so im not worried about those though. Nicely done
Ahh i see, maybe I’m a bit too greedy then. Before these leaps I was playing monthlies, with 50-200% gains. Now I’m in leaps, Vale has surpassed 100% returns, but that seems so small to me for some reason. Maybe it’s because I’m only playing w 2k, or seeing too many 500,000% tesla returns
I, too, remember hearing the stories of the pilgrims in 1750 picking up their Thanksgiving turkeys at walmart
Riot puts will print
Credit debt levels from past year say otherwise
probably april
Tesla will hit 900 tomorrow
bro, great post.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/LengthinessPale2958 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
On Friday at 230pm QQQJ dumped, must be market manipulation
Seriously these people think anything besides their own damn self is responsible for their mediocrity in life
Yeah, but by then it's already crossed his "what if it hits $1000?!?" threshold.
I got 100 shares of mara at 25.58 looks like im fucked but im not selling. ill just hold for years lmao
Large buying of the 1/29 Tesla 780 puts. Worth watching
Lets just split every year
Can’t argue with that.
>  
>  
> he's a millionaire now, thats the fucking point. get your head outta your ass
Margin use is at ATH. If FED changes policy and market unravels, it's going to cause a series of margin calls and spiral down very quickly. A lot of retails that are full on margin, going all in every play is gonna go into debt very fast lol even LEAPs might not be safe lol
Looks pretty lame to me but we shall see
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
> https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/1348253256330276867

The Bernouts coming for Elon. Puts on TSLA
No yu wong.  american numba won.
HARD ....to believe 

HaRd 

😏
AAPL +135 EOW
Tsla bears peeking from round the corner *points*
Hey u/Rain_is_blue can you explain why people shouldn't invest in this company? 

I mean I get it's Chinese or at least I think that's what your post says, and I understand all the baggaythay comes with, but is there any other reason?
best i can whisper is totinos
Im right with you holding weeklies. Im in for some pain tomorrow too
[removed]
[removed]
Sure
Luckin Coffee
[removed]
it’s not highbrow for sure, but the volume does pile in lmao
This was speculated about toward the end of last week. If you buy calls better be long date.
The Tesla bullish-ness here scares me a bit. WSB has seen this movie before
[deleted]
[removed]
What are you talking about?
[removed]
NIO gonna go vertical tomorrow
lol...maybe a blow too, things are looking up
Upvoted without even seeing comments - came to comments and had same view - wtf
Value is dead
It’s beautiful
Beta cuck car release next year!
Well he better fucking release it soon before I lose my life savings
So why is QQQ, ARK, BST etc all up?
 My butthole hasn’t never been this clenched before.
This some middle school level trolling damn bb 😂
You are the best
Ban
People said the same thing about Hong Kong, retard, and yet China still went in there
Other clean energy and future building stonks. ICLN and ARKK
Trump and his cronies are criminals. 

The Chinese government is next level evil nearing the level of Nazi Germany. 

Ok, now that we got the "whataboutism" out of the way, go fuck yourself.
This is so easy to google, but:

https://www.usnews.com/education/best-colleges/paying-for-college/articles/see-how-student-loan-borrowing-has-risen-in-10-years
The name was the dead giveaway. Generic white first name generic white last name.
Oil is being propped up by a devaluing dollar and production cuts by OPEC along with decline curves of shale plays. 

Inflation is ramping up because brrrrrrrrrrr 

Where do you think the EV sector is gonna go as oil prices rise? It’s not gonna go down. 

Retail traders flocked to the market when the crash hit in March, many are sticking around. 

The whole scape of the market and EV’s is changing and you’re trying to correlate off of past events that don’t even have close to the same variables as today. 

TSLA $2500 before EOY
Nio is just starting
#BAN
i think r/stocks is what you’re looking for
TAN.
Exactly, instead of fighting each other we coalesce and strategize on how to profit off it lol
i buy and sell 100 stocks, no contract fees
Thanks for the tip
They said this many times in 2020 and made the biggest profits of all time! Also 70% Stock increase...

Just fasten your seatbelt for the first 1xx Billion revenue ever in an Amazon Quarter
That’s like 3 days of Tesla gains this month.
This gave me a good laugh
[deleted]
Show them your portfolio to open
Countdown to thanos snap of wsb’s portfolio
Sir market is closed
Tsla train may return to the station soon. Hop on
Most likely because of NIO. Thing is, people who took profits on TSLA throughout the week are sitting on a lot of extra cash now (including me) looking for somewhere to put it. When I have a shitload of extra cash in my account and I see TSLA down, I wonder what I will do?
Been hearing this for a year now, when r bulls supposed to get fked 😂
Kext? Fuck off
I told her whisper tontine in my ear.   FUCK I CAME
[deleted]
Well she's got pretty high standards, but I might be down for anything for some pizza
Anything that dampens the insane hype is gonna pop the bubble. Tesla’s stock price right now is pricing in like 20 years of everything going perfect for them which already isn’t happening. 

The underlying company isn’t looking good at all. Losing to other brands in mature ev markets, scraping by off selling credits , missing production goals, still using Panasonic/LG for all their batteries, FSD still a long way from getting approved, cybertruck gonna flop when it finally comes out, and piss poor P/E.
[removed]
Imagine allowing your government to tell you how many friends you can have over 🤡🐑
Fuck the CCP and the mainland companies they control, which is basically every company if they choose to exercise that takeover right. If you’ve ever visited or loved in the mainland, business practices are shady as fuck. Everyone tries to fuck each other over, that’s why I would never invest in mainland companies. Won’t even touch NIO
Imagine, the collective of the subreddit just wrecking china because they tried to horde the tendies
dude yeah! buying them within the first few hours they were available is amazing, I need some kinda alert system to find those for me
The problem is that this whole deindustrialization thing has been going for quite some time in the US, and infrastructure for goods production isn't going to magically appear out of nowhere; it's something that takes a lot of time and effort to build back. But on the other hand, the price of imports will be immediately impacted by devaluing the currency; all the crucial imports (machinery, fuel, medical supplies) that the US was relying on will suddenly increase in price - in addition to the already high price of housing/education/medical care. This inflationary event will have many political implications...
I’m your Asian son, let me turn on quickbook so you get maximum tax retur..... IRS is here to see you.   Byyeeeeee.
said no one fucking ever
If there are any undercover chinese agents here, could you please pump AMD? 🥺
[deleted]
I recently had to leave a sports fan board that was ruined by SJWs. If it isn't about markets down vote it.
I'm on RH, I bought 10x $27c 4/16 to add on to the positions I already have on MT.

I figure I can get into CMC or VALE after MT is gone from RH.
You guys are fucking paranoid.
UVXY call spreads/naked calls and spy puts if you truly wanna yolo. Also crazily enough gun stocks popped last Wednesday
In order to not panic sell my stuff for a loss, i shall not check my account until Tuesday 😌
RIP dude
WWE to the moon
No meme; me no understand.
THIS.   
What the hell is this libertarian nonsense? Private companies can do whatever they want to you... cos I guess there is this one rule that says its only suppression when gov't's explicitly does it, but when the feds tacitly contract out their censorship agenda to monopolistic communication companies it's acceptable.  
And yes, the only reason people don't bother to rethink the morality or logistics of "free speech only applies to our relationship with the federal gov't" rhetoric is because it is politically expedient for them to just go along with it.  
smfh
[removed]
[removed]
Thank you 🤤
No CCP in this place!
Who gives a fuck? 
Idiots trying to pump random shit here everyday, whats the difference?
riot and mara aint lookin good
Nah, CNN premarket jan 10 2021
[deleted]
[removed]
That's called sales retard, they're designed to try and make you feel good and exclusive
Puts on CFFN (Capitol Federal).
ENPH and SEDG got cucked cause analysts were pissed they missed the run up and cut ratings

For reference TAN was down 2-3% or something while ICLN was down under 1% so the PLUG holding definitely helped
Tech on shaky ground rn
Man i indulge you, Make this a post man! If you don’t i will.

It’s not about chyna bad, it’s how they actually are rigging ADRs in their favor. Audits are scams
What do intrest rates have to do with value stocks
\+1 , just believe, bers are fuk
So the difference is shares outstanding and float. The only shares trading on the public market would be psth, that’s the float. The shares outstanding would include the shares owned by private investors but not yet sold on the public market, so not part of the float. All the float shares do is allow the market to price the shares for private investors. So they can sell their shares on the open market, and their shares would enter the float. Doing so wouldn’t effect the value of other shares.

It’s just more efficient having the market price shares instead of ipo
Very true but the outcome of a positive headline leading to buying isn’t as sure fire as a negative leading to a plunge.
There’s nothing I even want to buy but I still feel sad about missing the tsla train. Sold ages ago. Sold nvda and amd and aapl forever ago. Sold nio at $21.
You forgot to include the link to the Rick rolled videos
puts on your sexlife futures
3 hours till futures 🤥
[deleted]
[deleted]
lol only on wsb you will see bear comments when the market has just broken out of a megaphone for that sweet 161.8% of pre COVID highs 🤦‍♂️
You are right but I think gains for Tesla positively influence the EV market as a whole.
Yea I hate money rofl 🤣 retard
P/E: Price to Earnings Ratio (simple ratio which is calculated by dividing the price of a company’s share by their latest earnings) the result is a metric used to evaluate how cheap or expensive a company is trading.  Almost sure you are asking due to TSLA’s crazy 1,743 PE.   Specific to TSLA means each share is trading at 1,743 FUTURE EARNINGS.  Unusual? Yes but other good companies have also traded at that crazy ratio.  

What really matters is whether they are growing at that clip or hopefully faster.  For their next earnings report they are expected to report revenue (top line) of $10.25 Billion and EPS (Earnings Per Share) of $0.97. With tbt current P/E and for the shares not to rubble they would have to beat both numbers.  Even if they just meet expectations it will drop and if they miss it will fall at least 10%-15%.  

However while P/E is an important metric it’s not the holy grail and there are several other metrics which measure the valuation of a company and whether it’s deserved.

GROWTH vs VALUE COMPANIES:

Growth companies like TSLA have a much higher P/E vs Value companies and tend to trade on average 30X - 80X so at 1,700X it’s fucking crazy but the market is expecting a huge upside in the future.  Amazon also traded at a similar multiple several years ago and grew up to it’s expectations. Others just got killed once the market saw they couldn’t keep up with that growth rate.   

Value Companies say JPM they tend to trade at 10x - 25X since their growth is limited but still generate solid profits they tend to give back their investors a part of the annual profits (aka; dividends).  A growth company would never pay dividends as they would use those profits and reinvest them in the business in order to keep growing.  

Inflation / Higher Rates;
If Rates keep increasing that’s very bad for growth companies as the price of money increases and their generated profits wouldn’t be as high and / or their growth could be limited compared as to when borrowing is cheaper.
Tesla S/X lines due to come back online tomorrow. If it's a refresh rip bears
See my comment below. It boils down to new space race + expanding use case for the business + meme/social impact potential
Money does not go into value when interest rates are this low
Seriously.  I don’t wanna be alone with my thoughts.
That’s not a good question to ask me because I’m easily scared and mostly retarded.

20% gain is good
40% is even better

I need to figure this threshold out for myself too honestly.

I made a ton of money on AAL and held so long I watched +50% fall to +20% all while tying up my money from making me more money somewhere else.
it isn’t?
[removed]
he relaxin'
I expect that this won´t be a thing
This is the bottom.
Politics are whatever, I don't pay attention, but when one group storm the capital over a SCOTUS process and are called protesters, and interviewed by the media in a positive way. While another group storms the capital and are called rioters by the media, it's easy to see which is most likely a cult. The media doesn't provide cover for cults, but I'll let t your confirmation bias tell you whatever you need so you sleep good at night.

Remove yourself from media and it becomes easier to see who is being sold a narrative and conditioned to  interpret events along that narrative. 

No point in arguing with me, I do not have any social media, I consume no media, Ihave  found the "news" to be propoganda regardless of the source.

But when you call people a cult you are most likely the one in a cult, reddit is one of the biggest cults in the world. You will be banned if you stray from their narrative, you are not allowed to have true freedom of thought and expression. Twitter, Facebook are the same, cults in their own right, with required coda or you are exiled.
[deleted]
Watch the china hustle on Netflix
Yeah, only half the population of Hong Kong was out there protesting.
We're gonna go to the Moon so fast that we might end up landing on Mars if we forget to press the brakes.
Ccp shill who was at best trying to create a pump and at worst trying to AstroTurf Chinese tech
Biden stimulus pump around the corner

Only weak hands will shake out
Yea you're either a bear or a bull here. This isn't the high school cafeteria
Dropping green dildos in bear’s assholes
that's a more conservative approach.  The 0.8 is great, really solid foundation, the only downside is the option being more expensive and therefore your X amount of dollars buys fewer.
Lol RIP man. Marriage is a 20th century thing we keep doing because our parents were retards. Humans aren’t meant to be paired until death. Anyways good luck and good speed
"Does it happen everyday that we see a random American user with a perfect DD first post claiming how good American companies are?"
Literally the most civil place on the internet.
then we’re straight
it should be 0
Big Poppa Pump
How is your anus now bruh??
[deleted]
if you were to creampie one of them, which one would it be?
I would argue anyone invested in weed stocks before a clear path to large catalysts are garbage, but to each their own. 

(This moment in time is the best position marijuana has ever been. If you were in before that, idk what to tell you other than stop hating your money)
[removed]
No, I don’t need the money and don’t intend to sell this week. Little bit nervous of a correction between now and 2/19, but I think it should still be relatively deep in the money by expiry. Not sure about $50, but hoping to be in the 40’s.
Looks like you’ll be getting anal sex soon
Do people realize how far Tesla will be ahead in self driving in 4 years before Apple releases their first car? There’s no way Apple will have enough data to compete and by that time Tesla will be perfectly safe for everyone to be comfortable using
Give them a goat, sweeten the pot.
Looking at the open interest on calls and puts on tesla, bears why do you like self harm?
Once Mango is forgotten, political posts should die down. Reddit is like 98% left so less to complain about with blue taking over.
I think it's the stock dividend deadline for T tomorrow.
Da
The top is in
but what do stonks have to do with meth?
Called Shebrew now..... lol
I'm pre-erect
People who are willing to take profits took profits already. No one who is chad enough to hold their 500% gains through the weekend is going to suddenly pussy out.
That’s the issue we’re at though. Let’s say the market crashes. The US dollar will get absolutely obliterated if the fed does even more to try and stop the crash. There is no backup for a crash but more importantly the market sentiment is almost identical to the .com bubble. An emerging industry that is set for the future having tons of money thrown it it? That’s what the internet was in the 1990s and that’s what green energy is right now in my opinion. The same exact thing is repeating but this time everyone is convinced it will be able to get timed or avoided.
I would love it if Apple goes to the moon, but a tweet from Elon surged an unrelated stock to the sky. And made more than a million people download the texting app.
do u speak russian?
It’s time to short NIO. JUST SAYING.
Good luck!
Ooo, Riot and Mara gonna get creamed Monday. RIP
Why do I wanna buy 100 shares for shits a giggles
🥴
I hope corn is not a leading indicator for our market
Sounds pretty genius to me. No one cares about morals
Icln
Cuz culturally it’s less individualism/objectivism and more familial piety/collectivism. The language follows from the people’s culture, so it’s noticeable when translated
There’s truth to this. I imagined myself running for office, it would come with a PowerPoint presentation of a model of the country. “Here’s where I’m spending your money, and here’s why.” Politicians nowadays just have to say what you wanna hear
/r/wsb for Fed printer 2024 !!!
clean energy
this is the way
You just defined most politicians around the world. But they do have certain skills which makes them successful in their field, such as: oratory skills, maintaining a persona in front of people, networking, etc.
You might want to define "CCP" for the true retards out there because the first thing that pops up when I google "CCP" is the Community College of Philadelphia, not the Chinese Communist Party.
??
All large political/business subreddits are infiltrated by CCP bots. Any thread talking about China has dozens of bots defending China and trying to reframe the post towards the USA's flaws.
Correction: Bulls r fucking, 🌈🐻 are cucking
Your best bet is to be into fat chicks, trust me, those sows will hump anything
I’m Russian
[deleted]
Jack Ma still missing
I keep on asking my girlfriend that, and she just angrily looks at me everytime.
dont make this mistake i sold my ARKK planning to buy back in after fears of large drop at tesla inclusion. Tesla did dip but arkk went up if tesla dips 20 percent and the rest of the fund is up 2 percent it evens out
Sold some fuckin 25 RIOT puts expiring 1/15.... shartcoin got me sweating
[removed]
Hodor!
"Our democracy is like the steel of this sword" -Arnold Schwarzenegger

Steel to the fuckin moon 🚀🚀🚀
oh fuk that’s a good idea doe
[deleted]
I always buy the fucking Top. Im so bad at this. Going back to buying just shares.
Get out of your tesla calls monday. I bought calls midday on Friday
[removed]
Going to sit down with my GF’s parents to seek their blessing to marry their daughter tonight. Feels like I have OTM FDs with my portfolio riding on it. Wish me luck, brosephs.
[deleted]
if it’s not you it’s not you
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**APHA**|**$10**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.23**|**$8.57**|**35206**|**1446**
|**GOEV**|**$25**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$0.03**|**$15**|**9397**|**195**
|**ZM**|**$410**|**BUY CALL**|**2021-01-15**|**$1.02**|**$349.61**|**2413**|**274**
|**DKNG**|**$70**|**BUY CALL**|**2022-01-21**|**$9.05**|**$52**|**2512**|**30**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckjrkn3k9j97n0770atpsz3n1) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/starskeeponcalling/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Do not sell tomorrow pussies you will regret it and we dont want to hear that shit? If you want to buy puts to hedge or take some profits go ahead those are reasonable ideas but i dont not give a shit about your broke asses when you sell off and then things move higher this week.

Good luck lets get bread and be smart no more making the same bad decisions
[deleted]
It seems we are getting an influx of market manipulators. Look at posts like from u/rockdog91. Old account with a couple comments and then suddenly 100 hundred comments under their post
There are too many things going on in this vid to joke about.
Why is NIO dropping so much?
So what you're saying is he's gonna drone strike brown people or?
Quality issues. Black market complains less than a legal one, due to guns and stuff.
im going live come say that to my face
Upvote for this autistic post.
[removed]
Pretty much?
Yo, I've been avoiding China stocks out of principles. I wouldn't ban China stocks from here, but I think a lot of people here should consider downvoting china related stocks due to their terrible treatment of hong kong and Yogurt people.
ill fk u
Could we please get a rule to ban china stocks?

It's ridiculous how people complain about chinese influence on this site sponsoring genocide yet they actually give them their money

Alibaba is going to be fully nationalized and people will lose money. There are no private companies in china
Wandavision 🚀🚀🚀
Can we auto flair anyone with *WSB Analyst* who comments containing the phrase “I expect...”
Good shit
Complete abuse of power, banning posts that did not break rules based on your personal bias. This sub has turned into a joke that does nothing but post memes and shill meme stocks.
I can’t believe theres barely any BABA news over the weekend
Isn’t there always an outlier?
you're fuk
Naw def not
I wonder if those 50c army people get more money for more popular posts.
Pink
Take it brother
im switching from steam to gamestop because digital sucks. you cant resell your games and you never get better deals than physical so you lose money all around.
Hmm I may have to recheck you may be right, possibly the movie was not able to distract me from it
Obvious double standard. Regardless GME and PLTR tanked like the good little retards they are while NIO just continues printing $
I feel like you answered your own question
Like Cathie Wood, literally god to WSB Cathie Wood, had her bull case that TSLA stock would reach $4000 pre-split in 2024, and that required a launch of a fleet of millions of autonomous taxis, increasing the price of each Tesla sold to over $100k.

Literally no sane person projected that the price would get this high this decade, much less in 9 months.
[deleted]
Compounding interest bro, accumulating wealth
[deleted]
 "users here underestimate how much influence this subreddit has" this is so laughable its not even funny
REGN. They had the honor of being the worst performing stock in the S&P500 for 4Q2020 but they just got analyst upgrades to buy and they have several FDA catalysts and earnings in the next month. Oh and did I mention Cathie has been loading up in ARKG recently?
They are already stealing all of the intellectual property they can. Wouldn’t be shocked by this at all
Sir, I think you dropped a mic.
what is this?
[removed]
Why? Cause history says that my shit will be fucked Monday morning that’s why.
[removed]
This is the best strat and then like years later you can refer back to the post that was posted when you get it right
Bulls r fucked
Legend
We goin 🚀🚀🚀🚀
will ES open green or red?
5-15 for tax fraud
10x your money? What a rookie. Come back when you can 10x your debt.
Short bank of america
 They're technically responsible for the lockdowns and subsequent job losses, so its what they needed to do. The market will go fucking ballstic for the next few months so being a bull is free money. The moment there is a downturn, margin debt is at an all time high. The market will implode in onto itself.
It’s a miraculous day in central Texas. Calls on everything. ❄️
Well that’s not investing that’s trading. Lol investing is easier now with fractional shares.
Short feller was really well trained, Dude really ended that fight quick.
[removed]
That's why I do weeklies 😎
Is there something wrong with liking the way crayons smell??
Too r worded to invest long term
Rounding the corner on production now.
Current sentiment is "quit your job, go all in on calls and retire by summer" bullish.
Me a year ago interested in the stock market:I’ll give it a try 

Me now: addicted to looking at charts and reading articles for hours
Look at you beating the casino 🤙
Damn then maybe it'll be seen as the ETF is it
Not going to happen any time soon with massive blue stimulus on the horizon
Lol well to be fair I didn't say anything until after the Democrats won because that was the moment weed stocks had life. A republican senate kills marijuana obviously. 

To be honest, I knew nothing about stocks 3mo ago. It started with hearing about the difference in Pfizer vs Moderna vaccine. The dry ice thing really stuck out to me (I hate the stuff, it costs you $ by the second if it isn't stored perfectly). I messaged my mom and brother something along the lines "Pfizer is gonna get approved first, but Moderna is gonna kill it. I wanna buy some stocks!" At this time the price was $75/share. The next day I went back to look at it after a couple weeks, was the day it was around $130/share. I had never really cared about the stock market prior to that exact moment. I knew I had just missed out on something big and it bothered me for weeks. I decided that I wasn't going to miss out on the marijuana boom that might happen, and started learning everything I could find. Eventually after learning about options a Wall street Millennial video pooped up in my suggested, and found my way here. 

I work in the marijuana industry so of course I know what a blue senate would do for marijuana. So I said fuck it and bought 34 $10 1/15 CRON calls and 20 CGC $35 calls. It actually worked out (against the odds) and so I started posting about it. Banking reform is going to be massive for marijuana and I don't think fellow retards should miss out.
I think we might see some dip buying opportunities on Monday
[deleted]
Good bot.
[removed]
Tim Apple
When am I going to be able to use reddit again without everything on the front page being a political post? This is my safe place lol
Sir this is a Wendy’s!
Can you ask for help not knowing something, and in the same post call people “retards?”
Upcoming models of Tesla.

Model 4

Model 2

Model 0/o

Model 6

Model 9
When you sell you will have to pay capital gains. Hold until you just sell to buy some other asset like a house down payment (get a mortgage because debt is cheap nowadays). 

I’m doing what Elon is doing - holding my TSLA shares long term, not selling, and living on debt / margin because it’s so cheap and so minor compared to the pile of capital in Tsla shares.
Sure do! *Suck my wookie cock.*How do you like that one? Has a bit of a pop culture twist to it, for ya.
OMG, made me watch it twice to process and now can’t unsee this!
Well his name is notcppbot, that’s enough evidence he’s innocent
So you’re saying almost 1.5 trillion isn’t that big of a difference?
I stopped reading on '"certified genius".
of course
That guy def knew what he was doing. He dropped him by lifting the same leg he kicked. Not a lot of people expect kicks in a fight.
Back into tsla
I didnt buy them end of day Friday. Ill still be up on them profit wise.
[deleted]
Nice gains man. How did you know?
[deleted]
Did you listen to Cathies Bloomberg interview, where she says that this is just starting. Arkk is still maintaining at 10% weight for Tesla. And the only reason for them selling is to make sure it doesn’t go above 10% as per their arkk offer agreement ?
Bruh make your own beer that way you can have shitty beer and also brag that you made beer to all your friends
interesting that’s what u got out of that
Huh good thing I bought 200 appl shares on MARGAIN last week 🤷‍♂️ let’s go
imagine typing this much for fucking GameStop
Confused. What are you trying to skirt covid restrictions?
Hold until at least 10 trillion market cap. It's inevitable.
If I had a threesome with Melania and Jill Biden do you guys think it would unite the country? Just trying to do my part 😎🇺🇸
That’s very true, and I think the safer bet is the entire reason I’m playing leaps instead of retarded FDs. What do you use as a general rule of thumb for when to take profits on a leap?
Politicians are supposed to be extraordinarily average in order to connect with all of the people who vote for them. 

Their genius is the ability to recycle that process and maintain that connection with their constituents.
TAN?
I’d get one, I moved from US to Europe and I am seriously saying that “I would get one”, however the availability and wide adoption is still in the beginning stages, patience is the key. If I was in China, I would be driving one this year
[removed]
Oh we're doing the downvote thing? 

Anyways to my point

>And then no one would invest in china stocks again? This wouldn't happen dumbass.

Luckin coffee.

I already know what you're going to say so I'll dumb it down for you.

Someone is taking the fall for the plug pull on Luckin, but do we know what really happened? All chinese corporations are owned by the ccp. Same thing can happen with any of those companies and our recourse would be nothing, and nobody learned their lesson the first time.
Yea you gonna get fucked like that 😂😂😂🤣
Tsla.
So many Tesla big gainz screenshots this weekend I just have to buy puts tomorrow. The 1% would never allow so many retards to have money. Next thing you know they're fking up their country clubs and shit
Short squeeze potential
worst pump and dump i ve yet seen on wsb
Nice work, keep those commies from curing any retardation on this sub
You are doing gods work
If you ever speak ill of my man Lou Diamond Phillips again, I will literally come to your house and eat the last slice of your pizza.
I only have half pizza. Can I take that offer please?
That’s an interesting question. There are similarities.

IBM was getting left in the dust by Intel/AMD in both performance and R&D investment. Intel appears to be in a similar position on the performance per watt front compared to the ARM industry as a whole.

Switching is also a lot easier now as well with widespread virtualization technologies. Those were just coming into common use in the early 2000s.
Just found this article. Literally just read the first line of it. https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/amazon-stock-price-q3-earnings-forecast-coivd-costs-revenue-sales-2020-10-1029746619
[deleted]
Yeah it definitely will . Ill still hopefully be up enough profit wise to get out of them. Or just hold through
[deleted]
eating diluted asian cuisine for american consumption hardly counts

but i like peAnuts to
Its because Americans buy Teslas and want Teslas that world follows American purchasing trends.
Melvin Capital is an anagram for ANAL EVICT LIMP

&#x200B;

an analgram, if you will
honestly i'm happy you saw it, because i am balls deep in nio, just saying this is probably where this guy has his numbers from
SPY is great
Tsla will have a little pullback tomorrow then resume uptrend. Should be short term
[removed]
I’m trying to time it right so I can come back and say how right I was. I’ll delete this in a few days and repost next week.
Good. Never short Elon. Just the other retards lol
That’s okay eith me too.
Posted already
It is not American to lose this much money on a Sunday
NVDA
I’m referring to TSLA options specifically. Not super interested in paying $15,000 in premium for a call $200 OTM after a 900% year.
I'm sorry Miss Jackson
W
be sure there's plenty of volume and open interest.  that 37 might not get traded as much as the 35, 40, 45 calls.  You wanna be where the action is to keep the bid/ask spread small.
“In Indonesia, a vast new stainless-steel plant can produce an impressive 3 million metric tons of the shiny metal each year. And the plant isn’t even an Indonesian venture. It was built by a Chinese market giant that is using the country to undermine Western competition. Those who think stainless steel is a fringe sector should think again. The unglamorous metal is vital to everything from cutlery to aircraft, tankers, and surgical instruments. China’s sneaking takeover of the global stainless-steel market will put other sectors at risk, too.”[Beijing Steel Dominance](https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/05/19/dont-let-china-steal-your-steel-industry/)
Yes. A full audit will be difficult because we don’t let Chinese firms audit our companies. Both counties do not want a full audit as they are fearful of technology being stolen. This is the most reputable auditing company available given these circumstances.
nah. premarket 860 dip wil be bought to 900 instanlty
No different than most of the DD that happens around here:

- parrots information that’s been around for years

- sprinkles in a few “retards” and “autists”

- thousands of upvotes. OP pumps his calls. Makes extra $200

By “propaganda” logic this sub should have a Tesla logo anyway
SW FL
I'm in
[deleted]
U dont even need to call them for 99% of item returns or issues. Their customer support works like any other but somehow keeps up with their massive demand. Ive had literally zero issues getting my money back or returns with them
There's a difference between an idiot who just loves ADRs a little bit too much and an actual wumao. If there wasn't, then every NIO-post would be grounds for a ban.
lmao is this the reaction? feigning you care about wsb rules?
[deleted]
Moar cow bell?
Who you talking to?
[removed]
I eat lots of Thai food
WATCH OUT GUYS!! Big brain Bruh over here has taken an economics course. Is Biden considering you to be his economic advisor? 🤣😂
which strike and exp for QCLN?
Remember its now long term capital gains.  I would want to have capital losses to offset some if possible - not that you want losses - stuff happens, like reality.
Wrong sub.
[removed]
What about them?
That's why I kept pushing. People too sketchy
Oh god! I've just started out and only have 7 of these from about 30dollars.
I've spread my money a bit thin, I may have to sell something else to buy more tomorrow.
Some of you lot have got 100s!..so jealous
[deleted]
[deleted]
It really does feel like Reddit has eclipsed the “bots talking to bots” nonsense that was joking about in 2016 with trump and Hillary shills in the popular politics subs.
It’s going to be up to you and what you think the stock is going to be worth.

Say GME goes to 60 middle of the year, your 30c is going to be worth a ton at that point. 

You hold to get to long term capital gains territory but unfortunately GME gets beat down to 29 the day your call expires, it’s now worth nothing.

You never go broke taking a profit even if you have to pay the tax man, but you never make a lot of money without risks.

Options let you harness the power of 100 shares for faaar less than buying 100 shares.
[removed]
Stock market itself is speculative in nature, as stocks are usually valued on current and  future earnings estimate
That’d be cute
you never know when it comes to european lawmakers
Also don't forget you are the biggest 🐻, that contributes to general unhappiness
what does this have to do with the markets?
No you sell them before they expire and keep part of that premium
One of many
Things shut down so people have more money sitting around earning nothing so into the market it goes. By the time everything is back to normal, everyone will have tons of money to spend and businesses will boom so hard it'll be as if 2020 never happened. 

Calls on Lambo stock.
These are my hedges brah, I also have March 31 $400C’s lmao
[deleted]
what does this have to do with the markets?
We’ll manipulate our own market, thanks!
Keep 600k in it. Put the other 2M into dividend boomer stocks. Then take a vacation to Maldives
In order for Apple to go to the moon, Tesla would have to drop. Which is not possible.
[deleted]
[removed]
I downloaded tik tok because I’m with it when it comes to young blood stuff. Anyway, half the content targeting me is Chinese dudes explaining how lit it is to live in China.
TSLA cult got triggered
Break even is strike+premium paid which is where you’d be at $0.
Please $SLV please hit $35 this week
[removed]
[deleted]
Cathies insane price target has been met, everything officially priced in, money going to nio and other growth stocks instead
[deleted]
Why the QQQJ dump
Value stocks is my guess
icln
Sounds like I am jealous
Bitchpenny taking a dump
[deleted]
Reminds me how everyone laughed at Bezos' AWS in 07 and how you would be a fool if you're on it. 10 years later and you're a fool if you're not on it. It's Odd how big ego and a good laugh could make you go blind to a good opportunity.
[removed]
Yea like AOC
[deleted]
Why though? I believe it but I can’t explain it
The idiocy of retail traders could also lead to heavy buying by one positive headline.
[removed]
>I'm going to tell you : "Mercedes or BMW" since leather in Fords is complete shit, so is leather in GM cars, there is a reason people buy German and not American. Just like that, I busted your "theory

I didn't say MADE in America.

I said BOUGHT by Americans.

Not a single one of you talked about actually wanting a NIO.
They're getting rid of a lot of those models too.  Definitely seems like there's a lot of room for growth.
GME is great
[deleted]
Yeah but you said when it’s warm... by late spring all of these will be open again
I think I broke him 😂. Dude you sound triggered and pissed as FUCK. That’s awesome.

Based on your general demeanor in these comments, there is a nonzero chance you’re not even old enough to get your free Ford share.
BA puts lol
im all in tontine holdings bro fk all that 

MUTHAFUCKAS EAT FRESH
Sir this is a WSB thread
[removed]
More concerned about how to make money off the angle than who’s stupid feelings got hurt.
all i see is a retard who is gonna lose money. I cant complain i like watching my bank account grow when you give me your hard earned cash.
[deleted]
What’s current sentiment? Still feeling bullish for small caps and $AAPL
[removed]
Once a mf starts to kick, I’m out. You win the fight
smart move. you’ll be able to buy a dip something this year
Tesla bears ? Havent heard of them in a long time
Tick...Tock...Can't...Stop...Won't...Stop...Gamestop
[deleted]
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/09/world/asia/indonesia-plane-crash.html) reduced by 92%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> The fate of the plane, a Boeing 737-524, also carried the potential to ensnare the troubled American aviation giant in more bad publicity, even though the cause of the crash had yet to be determined.

> In November, the Federal Aviation Administration became the first major aviation authority to lift its ban on the plane, after requiring software updates, rewiring and pilot retraining.

> Aviation experts warned that selling planes to carriers that were growing quickly in unregulated environments could be a recipe for disaster.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/kulqpc/indonesian_jetliner_crashes_into_the_sea_after/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~552493 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **carried**^#1 **plane**^#2 **aviation**^#3 **Indonesian**^#4 **Air**^#5
Nio will probably open $60+ on Monday, so what’s the benefit of buying the $60 leaps?
A few pro uyghur posts should sort them out
You will probably hit that this week lol

Unless you absolutely need the money why not let it ride a couple of weeks. Imagine if it's like $50 on 2/18 and you sold now?
Tesla is great?
I am humbled with what I learn on wsb.
They’re probably just selling drugs and waiting.. nobody wants to jack a dude with a dog it’ll make too big a scene
Sonic rings falls
People gonna be eyeing their fat tesla gains all weekend. I expect a big sell off monday that will tank the rest of the markets with it. Question is where will the money rotate?
How are you too poor to invest longterm? That makes no sense. You put a certain percentage from each paycheck into a 401K and/or Roth.
When buying a call option you don’t keep the premium, so if your gains above the break even point are less than the premium you paid you lose money?
No... that’s the most overused excuse to be racist.
Mr. popular over here with multiple friends.
How low are you thinking of buying puts? I’m thinking of getting march exp 20 dollar puts... seems like a good bet
Sweet, thanks man
I think it's about time for me to close out most of my long positions in big techs.
I’m not new to Reddit but this is a new account.. if the CCP is here- why would they be here? I mean that non sarcastically I’m out of the loop lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
all their major countries are going into shut down. yah i’d say so
Luckin coffee?
[removed]
It was my janitor Hernandez using my reddit account!
[removed]
and its all terrible compared to most alternatives out there... (coming from a former apple fanboy)
Read the article before voting autists
I think both go up
[deleted]
SO You can be a TSLA shill but not NIO? Sounds like double standard bullshit to me. Just smells of american exceptionalism.
Source
You were correct
how much are you in it for
Holy shit. All the Aboriginals are dead? Not sure how im going to break the news
[removed]
AAPL
Just need mini pro now.
[deleted]
i sold at close friday. Its trading at 50% above NAV with no target lol i was hoping to hit 30-35 post annoucment so i trimmed and will buy back in when/if it dips to around 27/28. I think annoucment will be post inaug
Met the founder of this company, his house is nice as fuck. Wish I could buy calls on their company
Is it that hard to get into Europe?
It is kind of a good problem to have tho
LOL possible...
Do you like the immigrant cages at out border, too?
Politicians have no real genius and have to suck their wealth off the backs of other people by lying and manipulation. 

Prove me wrong.
Southwest florida . Car with 2 dudes kept circling the block and pulled by me real slow and parked 10 yards in front of me. I just walked past them, idk what it was about
[deleted]
Jesus go back to /T_D

Oh wait lol
Buying a few hundred bucks worth, see where it goes.
[deleted]
Watch out for leaps with high IV. Right now NIO has some high IV on leaps but it might drop some on Monday
No
After use of HIMS product
DOesn'ty look like its on RH unfortunately
I mean yahoo
Idk why people here act like Ford sucks. They dominate the pickup market which is all they really care about. Ford isn’t really a car company it’s a truck + mustang company. All their other models pretty half assed. 

EV F150 is going to be dancing on the cybertrucks grave after quadrupling its sales numbers.
40 calls of the same reporting :)
Luckin coffee
Till fed changes monetary policy.. market won’t tank for the occasional correction. Tesla might see 1k before 600. Stop comparing Tesla with GM. The fact that NKLA was about to even cheat GM into a deal shows how in-competitive GM is.
Fucking laughed out loud at that one ☝🏻
Yup, if they ain’t posting their positions with their life savings then all I hear is Rockets starting up
It’s eye-opening to read some of the professional analysts trying to justify Tesla’s valuation. Only a fraction of their valuation target is due to actually selling cars. Morgan Stanley’s analyst predicted that Tesla will become a car insurance company as big as current leaders like Progressive. They also count on Tesla selling drivetrain parts and batteries to competitors and all sorts of other future things. 

The craziest part is that all of these mental gymnastics are used to justify the price target that we’ve already exceeded today. That is, investors are paying for all of these possible future business expansion opportunities today, before they’ve even hit the market. If the stock is to appreciate more, they’d have to expect even more as yet unpredicted business successes, while every other company in the universe simply shrugs and lets Tesla take their market share. 

The reality is that serious investors know TSLA is a bubble stock. They’re just riding the waves and waiting to use their exit strategy. It’s fun while it lasts.
Its a white paper not an article.
You should run a algo looking for esb users who also be have post in chinese characters.
Elon
Pretty sure Biden dying would cause issues too. Don't forget he's 78 and Harris wants to tax Wall St.
Fucking Germany. You can literally only hang out with one other person with these restrictions. Smh. This fucking sucks. And yet DAX is at record high with everything here fucking closed and shutdown. Been here for 7 months so far and it sucks. Summer wasn’t too bad but now, Jesus Christ. That’s why I’m on this sub so much.

I literally haven’t had alcohol yet this year.
[removed]
Some would say the first amendment... but isn’t that the irony
Wsb quality remains as sharp as ever lol. Hell we smoked out a CCP shill within hours, that's the power of large numbers
Why are people saying it may dip after the conference tomorrow?
Or they understand what a terrible idea it is to be long UVXY for any extended period of time due to contango.  You would actually have to be measurably retarded not to get it.
Why are people saying RIOT gonna shit the bed monday???? Don’t scare me like that
Omg i was here for lk coffee. The loss porn was epic.
ICLN 1/21/2022 40c or 45c.  Very affordable, plenty of liquidity, barely any time decay.  And they're gonna fly.
Bounce him, trounce him pick him up and flounce him ! 🎶
If people are earning more money (I.e., the minimum wage is increased) then the average household income will increase. That’s basic statistics. 

I’m not saying that growth should mot be promoted. I am saying that the minimum wage should be increased.
PSTH better open at $32 or higher 😏😏
Bears are a fascinating species. There is a feast cooked and prepared by a Michelin star chef right in front of you yet you continue to voluntarily elect to go into a freezing stream and try to catch salmon. I don’t get it but god bless you.
Luckin coffee?
Before everyone says that NIO/BABA are audited by PwC and will be fine — please consider the fact that PwC China has not cooperated with PCAOB in the past, and thus the US is unable to verify the procedures of Chinese auditors.

In fact, BABA has this explicitly in their annual reports:

PricewaterhouseCoopers, our auditor, is required under U.S. law to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB. However, without approval from the Chinese government authorities, the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections of the audit work and practices of PCAOB-registered audit firms within the PRC on a basis comparable to other non-U.S. jurisdictions. Since we have substantial operations in the PRC, our auditor and its audit work are currently not fully inspected by the PCAOB.

Watch "The China Hustle" doc then let me know if you still feel the same way. I'm not your enemy, brother.
AMZN had a red day on 3/12 - confused?
I'm not into investing/wall street, but this is only the beginning. It's like cockroaches...where you find one, there are 100 more hiding. I don't have a solution, but "the call is coming from inside the house"...
Forgot to add! 300 shares in GME babyyyyyy.

GME to the moon!
I'm balls deep in nflx
I never said these companies won't exist. I said they don't have demand in the US which drives the largest international market. 

They will have sales, but they would have more if the American market adopts it.

NOT one of you said you actually want the car lol.
vix to 1000
I definitely want one. There’s too much demand in China for them to even produce enough. You are trying to masquerade as a macro investor analyzing global trends and financials, but fail to realize that real investors have been investing in China for decades... retail is only starting to invest in China, and will pick up in the coming years when their companies put out insane growth numbers. They def won’t do it based on feelings like you are doing.
And neglects the dozens of other companies that never recovered.
Sup with this faggotry?

There is no point trying to rush into straight hysterics when Mr Occam can be equally right. Considering the nature of the DD, this was an archetypical Pump-attempt.

----edit: praise be /u/sandawg_  -->  https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets_getting_infiltrated_by_ccp/girynv0/
The PTSD from Luckin is almost unrivaled.
Papa karp
Does anyone know how long this plan is supposed to spend 2 trillion over? He can't spend 2 trillion in one or even two years, so is this supposed to take place over 10 years, 5 years?
Lol you were griping about whether you should have bought more than 25 shares of PLTR 55 days ago, broke ass
Don’t listen to these morons, it means DoorDash. DoorDash infiltrated the ccp
Nice job retard. Now get the fuck back out there and pump fuck this economy back to life.
Apple isn't that much bigger, Tesla approaching $900 billion.
Exactly.
As the first certified FA that’s not pushing me 2% mutual funds or whichever fund that their branch is currently offering targets to hit: 

I believe this to actually be the correct answer. 

Thank you for your honesty
Moderator of r/China without a post here ever. If anything made me sure that guy was a shill, it's you losers that follow any talk of China and chime in.

Lmao
> Think of the opportunity cost... every extra battery is another car they could sell. 

You're assuming they can't manufacture battery packs faster than they can make an entire car. 

If they can make 1.1 battery packs per assembly time for a car then there's no lost opportunity cost, and I would assume they can assemble those much quicker since they're just shoving batteries from another manufacturer into a pack.

Thanks for the info about the tax incentive though, that's interesting and Musk loves his free government incentives.
Man, the capitol building gets rushed and suddenly WSB is the least toxic sub i see.
Tesla open at 800, buy calls. 1000EOW
This is for me, homie
AMRC
It’s not just that it won’t be successful in USA, concerns about Europe as well. We’ll see if strictly success in China is enough.
Wait wait but I own NIO I’m not ccp I just like tendies please have mercy I’m poor 😩
bought around split hype, ended up with 480 avg, got impatient and sold at 420 for a loss in November. Approx 10 days later is was over 600.
So you’re saying that PACB might breakout while at the same time showing us the graph which shows that it has already broken out..... thanks Mr. Nostradamus.
so you're saying tesla needs to start selling dildos?
Sherman: What's that noise?

Announcer: BAH GAWD THAT'S COHEN'S MUSIC. 

Cohen busts through the door and gives Sherman a Stone Cold Stunner and proceeds to buy Gamestop with the help of Norway.
you telling me i shouldnt buy some shares of NIO tomorrow?
[deleted]
Fun while it lasts
I'll take 16.
This will last forever. Within a few years, most of the population will be traders since it's basically free money.
they should make a second grade version of the other models. less expensive
This is literally the opposite of how the average middle and lower class person treats money.
Unfortunately those hoes won't be loyal bcos you won't be able to keep up
Fuck the CCP
Do you think this is a good entry though? It seems to have ran up without the merger having been finalized (?). Just comparing this to GOEV, solid long term okay but maybe we should wait till the merger completes?
Shit I’d love for it to dip below 130 on Monday haha
NIO is great
europe is literally shut down rn bro
Cohen means priest in Hebrew, as in "RC High Priest of Tendies"
Literally the perfect hedge at the moment
Uh, no they didn’t. They sell stock to keep the weighting percentages. They didn’t sell all of their Tesla, this is easily googlable you retard.
Isn’t Elon rich enough for at least a year?
Spoiler alert. That's not the dic pic.
Rebalanced portfolio. 🤦🏻
Where tf do you live
The CCP 50 cent army are everywhere.
I think you overestimate our buying power across the market. I think you overestimate the buying power of retail investors in general
$ONEM
Plan on driving or flying? If you’re driving, you will get stopped at the Slovenia border. I was.
Why are you so suprised? Ever been to r/Sino ?
Guess he'll say it 100 times at the conference.
Then Cohen buys more shares. I’m actually waiting for it, and then I can bring my cost average down.
[deleted]
You’d be surprised at how many girls do.
FCEL PLEAS GO TO 20..? This week
Noticed something similar some guy commenting and they visited subs like sino and zhendong
[removed]
Tesla bears out in full flow while tesla bulls chillin after the gains they made this week
Where do u live
[removed]
while i’m sure moving to a desolate area will help, i guarantee you you’ll still feel anxiety
Why would they put TSLA into SPX just to dump it? I mean there’s going to be a pull back no doubt about that but come on
People here will baghold for years don’t worry
[deleted]
Fuck yeah how I would do it if I wasn't 13
Michael Burry. Not the hero we deserve but the hero we need
[deleted]
thanks
Buffet
so good you gotta do moar of these :)
Wow it’s the same exact thread that’s been posted the past 6 months; so insightful
This. Where can i find that shit
Pho 🍲
what bubble
Lol don't read an economics paper and go based on your feelings 🤣
Just need UVXY to moon 8000% tomorrow and I’ll be good
Sure, but the DD is plagiarized
Please link a serious DD that said to buy January calls. 

Shares and April calls has always been the play.
Just go at the right time. Off season equals more closed stuff than one would think. Source: Me in off season wondering wtf I was thinking.
Fuck it. Monday I’m throwing $5,000 in that bitch. I’m following this man to Mars! 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Throw me a ticker symbol that would be profitable for 1st Q 2021. The one that makes the most sense gets award.
[deleted]
All the way to merger son I'm getting those tontine warrants
You don’t want that.
TSLA is part of SPY now. You think TSLA could crash without affecting SPY? They won't let it happen.
ER
What’s the strike? Could run up to ATH there’s some bullish state gambling announcements comin
Batman
The company has a market cap of nearly $1 trillion and sells cars -- GM's market cap is about 8% of Tesla's. So Tesla is a power company (batteries); software company (self-driving); car company; &c. &c.

But it is a pretty good bet that this time isn't actually different, even though this time certainly feels different. Just like all those other times.
Bro you bought the literal short term top.
That is a good point. Everyone wants to get in at the bottom for maximum return.
I’m too poor to invest long term. 50% of the money I’ve made trading has been off of TSLA monthlies/weeklies. I fucking love that I can make a weeks worth of pay in an hour and I’m happy to keep doing it until one of my positions gets blown up.

But I’m also not a smooth-brained Elon cockeater so I realize that the run it’s been on is retarded & a fat correction is gonna happen eventually

You can do both, ya know. Doesn’t have to be one or the other
[deleted]
Richest man in China is Xi
[deleted]
It will impact the ETF negatively but TSLA is restricted to only 10% of the total.
I have faith that the magician that Cathie is, she will quickly recover the loss and find some other gems
Weekends have way too much time for self reflection, shits whack
[deleted]
Since when? I can't find anything about that and their website still says the same amount.
Rip doggface
It only had 20 votes when I saw it, it was like 8th.
[deleted]
First of all, think twice before blindly investing into Chinese tech. That top NIO shill post was banned several minutes ago, and you need to know what are the dangers in investing it, read the comment (https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets_getting_infiltrated_by_ccp/gisa27x/)

And yeah, we're going to really see some dirty shit happening in this decade, so hold tight. I'm about the same age as you (albeit in a different country), and the more I study about the world the less certain its future seems. I'm not the place here to give any stock predictions; I can only claim that the stock market is a bubble but I do not know precisely when the musical chairs are going to stop.
You know just because you buy the stock doesn’t mean you have to buy the product? I own TSLA but I don’t own a Tesla.
Vale is only 10% nickel silly
I bought at 12 and have always been green from the day I bought it.
Hoping for the same
Good move
BABA uses this VIE structure and its investors could be subject to the same contractual nullification from the CCP, yes.
Nah apple way bigger market cap
If only the CCP bot was shilling GME then we could have let him stay 🚀🌕
🤣
[deleted]
to get into europe?
John McAfee
I'd like to know too
Have you considered men instead?
Meaning profit taking from NIO calls?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Y’all holding psth this whole week??
Can't even walk my dog without thinking I'ma get jacked. Going to move to Montana or some shit
Except on Sundays
Well that settles it then. He should be unbanned. Thanks for informing us
[removed]
Just say Nio is great and he’ll calm down
HOMO PEG ASCENT 🚀🚀🚀🚀 


TAKE ME HOME DADDY
Well I wouldn’t necessarily compare the two directly but the Fed did announce significant interest rate increases right around the peak in early 2000.

And the motive for the Fed at the time was to slow inflation and growth, not stimulate it as we are doing now.
It makes for a very nice life. Strongly recommend
Sold mara/riot calls for 2000% returns on friday, loaded up on puts. Will cash out on those and scale into a march position for calls
Jack Ma
Caveat - she cheats on you with other dudes
Kamala was a cosponsor for a lot of things that didn’t go into Biden’s platform or her own presidential run.

I won’t deny the uplisting will help these companies but many people are assuming Biden is “this close” to legalizing cannabis. He is not. Merrick Garland is further proof of that as well.
I’m going to give you some DD on this scenario that pertains to ANYTHING of similar nature:

This type of bearish sentiment usually arises by those who are pissed they missed the train. 

Period.
Found another ccp shill. Ban him.
Have fun being poor. I'm currently in my mansion in Beverly Hills! closing my curtains everytime I see you 🐂s outside.
[deleted]
rip those 30c 1/29 gonna sting tmrw
I want to go in on this earnings report but the facts they killed the estimate last time and it still fell scares me off
I saw the post earlier and my first thought was r/Sino
When you’re already at the bottom, you’re not going to be spending the extra few bucks you get. You’re going to be paying off loans.
No they didn't lol. They sold some to keep a balanced fund. Teslas percentage was getting too high
Stock prices are based on potential also. Why else do things crash when the opposite event happens. Look at earning reports, political events etc...
No.. they have just been rebalancing. Still 10% TSLA
bUt they hAve aN aPp that cEo looks aT
thats how you make like 300k lol
No infrastructure picks? Metal gang is not pleased
Want what? I would love a NIO car.  

If NIO wants to expand into the US market, it will probably partner up with a US car manufacturer, similar to its arrangement with JAC.
I think the trend is earlier pricing in of potential profit, and not just looking at today's level of profit.
Cause your anus is a little tighter than I reckoned, but I’ll just break it off in there and move on 🧓🏼
Think combination of the stupid run it’s been on and NIO day. Don’t think anyone actually knows what the fuck happens next week
because this sign (,) is missing, right? (.)(.)
Can confirm. Served me well so many times
Volatility rocks
Will any of you actually read it lol. I quoted directly from it and you have not referenced anything specific or introduce another economic study to prove me otherwise.  

I never said it was needed for success and I never said NIO won't succeed.

But will any of you talk about wanting one or just the stock price? At least Tesla investors wanted the Tesla.
[removed]
I see, but most of the time would it be more beneficial to hold it into long term gains to avoid short term taxes, or is the tax not enough to make up for the profit lost? I know it always varies but generally speaking.
...I thought you guys want 🚀 not reason
Both
See you in gain porn next week
[removed]
Oof- I’m just a lurker and figure I need to start posting so similar assumptions aren’t made about me.
Yeah, I see subtle winks and nods to China being impressive and the weird sub where his first post is in is anti-HK so it's pro-ccp.
 Extremely scared beings
If Elon Musk = Tony Stark, then who's Bruce Wayne?
Under 40
Cause that relationship is a talking point for retards like you. Remember when mango didn’t say shit about Taliban getting paid by Russia to kill our troops?
You don’t understand the words audits and chinese ADRs or what? 

Seriously just watch the china hustle on netflix, you will understand
Iron Condor on OP’s portfolio ?
I get what you’re saying. This is often referred to as selling the pick axe during the gold rush. Amazon can get a piece of every consumer purchase, as they can list everything. Tesla doesn’t work the same way, obviously, but they have talked about selling batteries to other EV manufacturers, iirc. And it wouldn’t be far fetched for them to license out self driving software, either. It’s not all about selling cars in the long run.
Fuck you
There's going to be too much competition for software. BioTrack, Greenbits, WeedTraqr are all already ready to provide software as well and many others.
NIO 100000000000 eow
The Apprentice- but with prison inmates and economy
Apple earnings are the week of Jan 25-29, I believe. The stock took a bit of a breather the past couple of weeks after an incredible 2020 and was about to bounce back anyway. iPhone 12s are apparently fucking killing it and earnings are supposed to blow the roof off. IMO all that combined with this is a perfect storm of events conspiring to stick a solid rocket fuel cylinder up my ass and light a match. Long AAPL calls and shares. (I really only have one call that I bought to play earnings because I'm a poor.)
I never believed in TSLA to gain when it was 400 dollars pre split. The market is mysterious
In his head
They keep it at 10 percent dude
shares of ICLN in long term portfolio. Calls on QCLN on yolo port bcus of tsla and nio inclusion
wait for ark g dip i hold ark g but medical field swings way more then other sectors. it just had a 15 % run after one of there major holdings dipped 50 %
[removed]
AT&T girl is the most innovative thing AT&T has done in the past 5 years
BOTZ
Best time to sort by new 😎
Their value is entirely speculative
One of the most beautiful and hospitable island chains in the world. Inland is otherworldly too. Do it.
What’s the point.
Tesla possibly making a "Model 2" for China.

So...

2 S3XY?

https://www.tesmanian.com/blogs/tesmanian-blog/tesla-china-gearing-up-model-2-project-localize-software-engineering-with-new-hiring
I'll buy more next week 😁
[removed]
Gme puts for the win
[Our Robocop remake](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YyKPJbYTxno)

Ranges from camp to awesome to weirdly artistic. And a bit of just crap
Antecedent?
Retard here. Bought it - hook link sinker
they hate money
My buddy is going to Croatia in a couple weeks cuz his dad lives there. Save this comment and PM me when you end up going and I’ll give you his thoughts
Well, just watched a man die trying to fight a midget.

https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/kud2kj/the_bigger_they_are_the_bigger_tshirt_they_take/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Wsb quality is going downhill and its sad to see
[removed]
Match commercials are a joke. Who the fk actually has a virtual date
Looks like the markets where inspired enough by dune to create water futures
Tesla’s batteries are made by Panasonic, if batteries end up being the big deciding factor Ford and others can just contract Panasonic too.
[removed]
Not if you trade that shit in a Roth
Howd you get it stuck
[deleted]
[removed]
well i want to stay like 2 days max lmao
I'm retarded yes, but I would never short God Elon.
If TSLA could just hit like 1000 on Monday that would be pretty cool
Both.
Check here
https://www.etfrc.com/funds/overlap.php
Fr, I didn’t see icln pump on Friday along with Plug
NIO day was very impressive. Idk if that causes Tesla to dump.
Can you define someone has bags to sell? They have a ton of shares and they’re looking to offload them through Cc’s at low prices? Can you confirm if this comment is good for the buyer of these options or seller?
Stonks on go __?
[https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/roadshow-ces-2021-panel/?utm\_source=reddit.com](https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/roadshow-ces-2021-panel/?utm_source=reddit.com)
In the next episode of "The Devil doing paperwork"
Did not know that, thanks for the knowledge; that indeed adds yet another layer of political and regulatory risk to investing in a Chinese company.
[removed]
ICLN and TAN, SBE, TSM
Sometimes you gotta look yourself in the mirror and say, "When in Rome."
33% growth in the past month

To the moon 🚀
Lmao this reminds me of Amazon reviews when the product is made in China. The guys name is always something like “Tom” and his English is equally as impeccable as this comment.
I spent 3 months in Croatia last year.
🚨🚨 Corn has breached Jan 8 lows
[removed]
He’s just chasing a balloon.
My problem was that I had no friends, I had Ds and Fs in my classes, but my standardized test scores were  🚀  🚀  🚀
[removed]
You’re missing my point. I’m not dogging their fundamentals but rather saying the idiocy of retail traders could lead to a sell off by one negative headline.
Dip Monday but quick rocket up get ready to load the rocket fuel!
Remember that one time when the Richest Man in China spoke out Against the CCP and was NEVER heard from again? 🤔
Best video game ever.
If you don’t like snickerdoodles probably should jump in front of a train
[removed]
Just my 2 cents not that any of you degenarates care, but if your not buying uvxy shares at the cheap right now for any future dips than idk what your fucking problem is
They are sitting on a mountain of cash, waiting to see how the US plays out and you see that as a bad thing? 

They've literally took the high ground before the battle and you're mad at them for it. 


Also, in my opinion, all signals point towards a company waiting for the right moment to start spending it's cash. Currently it's restrictive at best to invest in any infrastructure for marijuana in the US. You typically must have licenses, inspections, and government approval. Some areas are easier than others to expand due to laws, some are outright impossible.

Any companies spending heavily RIGHT NOW or in the past to build our infrastructure in the US have paid a premium to do because of the process I mentioned above. MANY corruption investigations have been launched in connection to marijuana licenses and upwards of $600,000 per application. Would you want to deploy your capital into that? 

It seems to me they are planning to use their cash, just at a time when they get more bang for the buck.
Lmao a pump and dump that has lasted months??? I don’t think so.
It depends on how long you have held onto them. A year and a day of holding turns whatever profits into long term.

If you buy a 2 year call and sell it for profit in 6 months it would be short term. If you held it for a year and day and sold it it’s now long term.
[deleted]
[removed]
If you're buying, it's usually best to wait til after the merger. Guys who are already holding shares will dump them and re-buy at a lower price.
The witch hunt mentality is hilarious. everybody screams about CCP and the end result is CCP gets to live in their heads rent-free.

WSB likes to think they have "control" over the market with the combined autism of 5 million retards, when in fact this community is just an autistic echo chamber for mainstream media.
[removed]
Gayna is gay. Mods are gay. Coincidence???
Which one one your pervs stole all of AOC’s shoes?
Nice
United States v. DJT
I can’t even begin to fucking tell you how stuck my nerve is!
Here you go! https://imgur.com/gallery/D3rn6ZS
Like Pamplona
[deleted]
Democrats and republicans both send troops/drones off to war. I believe Biden voted in favor for invading Afghanistan(most politicians did) and also voted for invading Iraq. Biden will likely not cut defense funding but may ask them to prioritize funding for certain projects.
With enough momentum you can make money on that earlier in the week for sure. Like if you catch an opening rocket
ban
[removed]
Your post has been removed because a single link is insufficient DD. Please review the following links before resubmitting.

Please note that abusing DD flair can lead to getting banned.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

[How to conduct DD](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Jack Ma lost in 100 acre Woods 😔
anyone else considering traveling europe through croatia?

when it warms up, i think i’m gonna pull trigger

e: people are misinterpreting. i’m using croatia as a way to get into the union. obviously i’ll check out the country too but it’s a tool
anyone struggling to place an order on the stock? I've tried HL and T212 and neither will let me
Elon is a White South African that named his child Saxon - obviously he wants to colonise an entire Planet.
diversify into mulitple etf sectors best bet. ARK funds . Clean Energy. QQQ. Cybersecuirty. Future Forward investments that expect large growth over next 5 years
Psth is Good
This is why I love this sub!! Read the post an hour ago and was very suspicious. Glad I read this before going to bed. Almost felt bad I cashed out all my 2020 Nio gainz last week and felt that FOMO rising. I can sleep well now.
Look at Chegg p/e. You’d be pricing in like 4 centuries from now.
this site has become so big it is just straight up dangerous
[deleted]
Probably
Short it bro
You took it down? Can you repost it?
3 hours til stimmy hopes
People said this when tsla was at 1900 pre split. They also said it at 1000 but a lot more were saying it at 1900-2k
This is Apple’s week.
Show your puts or STFU
Preach dude. I’m 18 and feel so blessed. What else would I be doing when school is illegal.
[deleted]
Why does everyone think Tesla is gonna dump? Did I miss something?
Looks like I struck a nerve
Seen the same, got in 350s 1/15 eod quiet cheap plus down trend line break!
https://www.reddit.com/r/GenZedong/

What an interesting little propaganda sub.

Like political compass memes for Communists? The irony being of course, nobody (including them) ever seems to have the same definition of communism, whether they love it or hate it, I've never heard two people use the same definition.

(But everybody insists they're correct, just like me!)
If there is another great entry, I might double my shares. Other than that I will just sit on the existing shares for a few years.
Okay Donny Jr, we know you’re OP on this one
'Whose Country Is It Anyway?' 
  
Where the laws are made up and the truth doesn't matter.
ICLN or QCLN shares?
Free Taiwan and HK
This is the missing piece piece of the puzzle from the original post. China actually isn't blowing smoke when they say the US would benefit from an IMF-controlled reserve currency as much as they would.

We would also be able to devalue our currency and become competitive exporters again.

The main reason we hang on to being the reserve currency is because reserve currency control allows us to economically isolate countries that won't play by our rules (Russia, Iran, Cuba, N Korea). Since US elites actually benefit from being the reserve currency, it feels like a win/win to them. But more and more of the country is being left behind, and this is why we're seeing middle americans storm in the capitol.
Any good tickers?? I do have some ENPH but not enough at $64 lol
Witness the comeback! If you're right you're right. This market deserve to be shorted to crap
That’s bc I threw a hundo in there
So much talk about stock price, not a single person saying they actually want it LOL
One of the guys that I supervise told me he knows a lot about the stock market. He said he only buy calls. On his next evaluation he will get a " needs to improve knowledge" review.
Woke up from hibernation to check your Tesla puts? Grumpy elitist
Just as TSLA was valued as an auto ... and compared even until today. 

This is based on valuing Company as eCommerce instead of brick and mortar. 

The difference is why Nordstrom skyrocketed when people didn’t account for their inventory, and online presence for off the rack. 

Use Nordstrom example to the wife. She will get it. 


Or use Etsy as a boutique eCommerce platform as example instead of valuing Etsy as farmer’s market-online home made unscalable. 

Or use : Valuing LuLulemon with loyalty and brand recognition and compare power up members.


You’re welcome;

And welcome to SS.GME.Rocket OP’s wife.
[removed]
Top is in
Me too.
are $TSLA 1/15 1070c too retarded? or just enough that it might work?
Splits aren't shown as a price change on most charts
This is the best subreddit by far. Shoutout to the mods
~~Sometimes~~ Every time I put all money into options I get all excited but am also very sad that I don't have any money left to put into more options
[deleted]
Side note, but CCP stock has almost recovered from the Covid crash

https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/ccp?countrycode=au
WDYM? it doesn't matter since you guys kept flooding in (this year).
We found the guy that shorted Tesla
Winnie the Pooh = president xi jinping
So writing facts on what happened on NIO day and your saying "buyer beware" are you fucked? I did not even express my personal opinion in the post. Go fuck yourself man.
[removed]
March
I know this is WSB but I wanna buy more apple shares they give me such a hard on 🤓
 that's what I thought
Literally WHO cares
Due to travel restrictions, America had to invade itself this year
My calls would be wild.
I did not get a fucking *memo*
I’m proud of WSB for not falling to the shills. Good job.
That's scary. I wonder what else CCP has infiltrated on this site.
can someone organize a wsb powerball or mega millions pool. like at $600M each
But but maaa stimmy
Where's the 🚀🚀🚀
Hard to believe it without them 🚀
No don’t worry. Just wanted to let you know I was just joking around. Samsung is a great company. And that’s awesome I love busan
Please fix your Cannabis picks. 

$MSOS and its holdings should be primary focus. $YOLO a close second. 

CGC is the only Canadian stock worth owning LT. Rest of them are a trade at best that will plummet in value the second US MSO's uplist.
[removed]
FUCKING PATRIOT

🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸🦅🇺🇸
2022?? Ain't nobody got time for that!
$51 call 1/15 x2 and a $58.5 call 1/15. I’m hoping I make over a G on those this week. Already up $716
Lol I'm guessing you didn't read it since you didn't reference any quotes from the study.
Haha I'll have a google, Musk is just too funny here. 😂
[deleted]
Tell him it’s already priced in and stonks only go up
It’s 5% of the etf
[deleted]
Real answer. Sell in the first Green Day this week. 

You most likely won’t make it positive. But it’ll minimize your losses.
$UVXY
Yea, probably won’t drill but just contribute to their long term demise
If you wanna be rich you have to personally go find jack ma
I just found out about this ETF. Thinking of buying leaps and hedging with MARA puts this week
Score media. most popular sports app in Canada, second in the US. Over 500 million monthly users or something. Bipartisan support in many us states and Canada to legalise Sports betting to raise tax revenue to cover covid costs, many have already done so and up and running. Already have betting features integrated in to sports app primed for legalisation across different geographical areas. Deals with NBA, Penn and other casinos. Still a penny stock on otc in US, I have 27.5k Canadian shares and might add more. Also recently released some more shares and raised cash to help compete with the bigger players as legalisation happens in different areas.
We’re here still don’t worry
Is this where we are now ? Wow
oh no people will have to sell their overleveraged positions!!!! the calamity!!

i don’t think u fucks know how simple margin calls are
Ah my bad. I've lived in jeonju and busan
Can’t wait to see them sent to prison.
Good 👁
>Cohen

>Money changer

Checks out indeed!
R we still looking for Ma or we over that now?
-99.6% gang is talking again.
Yeah I'm in for Cohen and the 0.1% chance of the a short squeeze. Either way gme for the win
Ban
See if there is a Micro Center in your city or close by. Only place I'd trust right now. The employees there actually know what they're talking about.
250 EOM
[deleted]
Post a dickpic while you're at it...please
All Asians minus the Chinese
Why the fuck couldn't they just round up to 2 full sustainable houses
Wow that's a lot. Here is the important part that everyone needs to know

> TLDR: NIO to the fucking moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It’s definitely an indicator. Bring it on some I can load up on cheap calls bby.
I found a OG 👆🏽
They might find their bearings never know
lol why would you remain cash gang when energy/biotech/EV soar this year? There’s only going to be a rotation into different sectors
Is that why we had the biggest single day gains when Biden won
Like, 5 cent nickels? From the bank or smth?
Haha thank you for this and call me ping pong when this stock hits $200
[deleted]
Better luck next time chief
 VP gonna attend 😴 joe inauguration! SPY 420.69
He definitely isnt
nice
So how we feelin bout NIO
tesla 2nd split when?
[removed]
"Reasonable tuition" being how much?

Where I'm from, the state universities are still charging about 12k/year. And they're pretty middle-of-the-road places in a state without exorbitant cost of living.
I could of made more working at McDonald's
I saw.but Papa Autie has calls on both
[removed]
🌈 🦇
Lol, I bought in at $1.14 and sold at 2.30 planning to buy back as it dropped.  It dropped down to around $1.85 but that wasn’t low enough so I waited and watched  it go up and up 🤦‍♂️
Tried to bribe the mods in Yen.
[deleted]
Good thing they’re massive underdogs. As they usually are over here lol
Didn’t say I didn’t like labels just said I don’t fit most of the ones for political ideologies.  Capitalism is both economic and political, not just political.
Clear, thank god I’m not an American. I’d lose a big opportunity here.
Solar panels in US. Already used fairly widely in Europe
Same Old news
FUCK CHINA YOU FUCKING CCP TWATS.
has anyone noticed that tesla went up about 30 percent since robinhood adjusted thier margin rate. If this drops it will be big lol. Margin calls will drop like crazy. Still long but a good time to buy dip when it does dip
looks like it’s about to retrace up. I’m probs going to open up a position this week.
Holy shit you just made me realize Reddit sounds like "Read it"... I am truly retarded.
I’m usually a big push like you too but I’m buying this dip
RIGGED!
[deleted]
I’d split ARKG and ARKK. You want that TSLA exposure
Yeah sure thing
ARKK sold their positions
Buy signal.
Literally who cares
I agree, OP; I feel like something is coming, but it's just a feeling. I've upped my cash just in case.
Just doing my part.
And then choo choo
1. Let’s see what happens if / when the market really goes wrong 

2. there is much more finance professionals than one would think
[removed]
Markets closed at night my guy, I can already look at it all night.
[deleted]
No idea I use TD
I really gotta give the fucking govt 22% of my TSLA gains huh. Lame
Buyer beware. OP's post history is almost exclusively pro NIO.

Reminder:

As a foreign investor, Chinese law restricts you from outright owning a share or stake in a Chinese company (many of which are state-owned). Enter the VIE structure: a Chinese company establishes a wholly-owned subsidiary (often in the Cayman Islands), which then is the company that is listed on a foreign exchange, allowing foreigners to invest. Foreign investors are not buying a stake in the Chinese company; instead, they are buying a contractual promise that the Chinese company will share its earnings and profits with the Cayman subsidiary, which then will be passed on to the investor. [https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&source=hp&ei=s0X7X-WdB8fWtQbdhpCADg&q=vie+chinese+companies&oq=vie+chinese+companies&gs\_lcp=ChFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocBADMgUIABDJAzIGCAAQFhAeOgsIABCxAxDHARCjAjoECAAQAzoICAAQxwEQowI6BQguELEDOgIIADoFCAAQsQM6CggAELEDEIMBEAo6CAgAELEDEIMBOgIILjoFCAAQkgM6CwgAEMcBEK8BEMkDOggIABDHARCvAToECC4QCjoICAAQFhAKEB46BQghEKABUP8mWMFLYO1MaABwAHgAgAGNAYgB0xGSAQUxMC4xMZgBAKABAbABAA&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&source=hp&ei=s0X7X-WdB8fWtQbdhpCADg&q=vie+chinese+companies&oq=vie+chinese+companies&gs_lcp=ChFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocBADMgUIABDJAzIGCAAQFhAeOgsIABCxAxDHARCjAjoECAAQAzoICAAQxwEQowI6BQguELEDOgIIADoFCAAQsQM6CggAELEDEIMBEAo6CAgAELEDEIMBOgIILjoFCAAQkgM6CwgAEMcBEK8BEMkDOggIABDHARCvAToECC4QCjoICAAQFhAKEB46BQghEKABUP8mWMFLYO1MaABwAHgAgAGNAYgB0xGSAQUxMC4xMZgBAKABAbABAA&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp)

Now let’s say NIO gets pumped; a lot of foreign money flows into it. The CCP then turns around and says, “Great, NIO has a lot of foreign money, pull the plug on the VIE and nullify the contracts.” Now the Chinese company has all your money, and you likely have no judicial recourse or remedy like you’d have here with a pump-and-dump in the States.

And if you don’t think the CCP would do such a thing, remember, in 1997, they signed a treaty to honor the Hong Kong system until the 2047. They went into Hong Kong via the National Security Law anyway, in breach of the treaty.

Watch "The China Hustle" documentary to get an idea of how far corruption goes in China. You'd be surprised.
The new majority senate leader said it’s a priority. Kamala is co sponsor for MORE (federal legalization). 

SAFE banking and removal of 280e very likely within 6 months. Has bipartisan support and Biden isn’t against it. This would allow major us cannabis companies to uplist with is the rocket everyone is waiting for.
Bruce Wayne bought puts????
We caught a straight🐂!!!
> Mostly sarcasm, but at 35k I got out with less loans than most so I count myself as lucky.

That’s higher than the average student loan debt for recent college graduates. Median is only $17000
Bulldogish
Don’t care
[deleted]
[deleted]
StockTwits makes Facebook look like a Mensa convention.
Where you seeing that?
Hard disagree

I'm not siding with the op of the thread but I'm bullish on nio and a lot of people are

Wouldnt expect anything else from a 🌈🐻 though
CFP but you do need hours of finance experience under your belt which is very possible with a STEM degree.
Its still drilling rn
Back in my boomer parents' day any old bachelor's degree would get you a great job. I'm a gen X'er but I worked at Starbucks thru college and witnessed how many of my co-workers had bachelor's degrees and couldn't find anything other than Starbucks. I'm thankful that I realized that I better get an education that qualified me to *do something* that some company would find *useful* enough to pay me for. I think the idea that college is an automatic ticket to professional success still persists unfortunately. My parents thought an arts degree would make me successful. I think if I'd gotten a bachelor's in psychology or biology, which is the path I was on, I'd probably have been utterly fucked.
Hopefully for longer than a few hours haha
The banning continues.
I got my lawn chair and bud light and I’m ready for a Fucking show 💎🖐🏻💥💥✨💥✨💥
Oh I see. I retard
Nowhere near the dollar sum above So I have not looked. What is the difference in income tax vs capital gains at such a point?
GLOBAL COVID-19 CASES EXCEED 90M
Spread it across arkk , arkg, arkw, arkf. Every month ,put 1\2k from your option profits back into ark funds (make separate account) and don’t look for 5/10 years . Thank Papa Later
Weed, stonks, WSB. I don't know what I'll do if I have a moment and I'm not on one of those. I don't think there is a better life at this point honestly
My teacher asked if I had aspergers in 5th grade because I didn’t want to go on the swing
SUM TING WONG WIT JACK 👀
I’ve been waiting so long to hop on BABA calls... will it make me rich, or will I remain poor
That car is rigged. Rigged I tell yah!
PLUG is going to trade sideways/dip and ICLN will stagnate and cuck everyone
Did u read my dd smh
ARKG
[removed]
Eose iv is high though took like a week for my option to start printing
Honesty the chart is similar to mine but I didn't go up like 300% ever. Honestly the my chart looks like a bed of spikes lol
WUT 1/15 calls, got it 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Isn't this the same problem as BABA?
[https://www.thestreet.com/opinion/amazons-pe-of-3000-the-ultimate-buy-signal-11808032](https://www.thestreet.com/opinion/amazons-pe-of-3000-the-ultimate-buy-signal-11808032)

Tesla PE is only 1300 - it could double again.
The explanation really isn’t that hard... two words... Ryan Cohen.
go outside you idiot
Oh no shit. Thanks I need to look into it more
What if retard is my sexual orientation?
Sir OP is a literally a WSB hero and should Knighted
Listen to Stock Monke 🌈🐻 

Buy stock, life good

Stock market crash!

SELL STOCK!

Money gone

Think about money

Regret
Only SOL, some spacs and chinese ev... lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
This guy's wife's boyfriend here, he just made calls on Chinese stocks
Even Cathie Wood thinks FED is going to change policy within this year and that 2K stimmy isn't necessary and will only make the inflation worse lol support to the unemployed and small businesses is good, but too many people that don't need stimmy are getting it.
I’m a get some 4/16 calls    apple tomorrow morning  see what happens.
Didn’t Elon specifically say he is going to wait a few years until revenue is more predictable?
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1310672832783884290?s=21
You think they need us market? You think, they think they will succeed in a place where people openly hate anything from that part of the world? I don’t think they honestly give a rip about the US market, I mean we took ourselves out of Paris climate accord.
Imagine getting a paper cut straight down your urethra
[deleted]
One of us
[fuck xi](https://c8.alamy.com/comp/PW2F13/young-adult-woman-with-down-syndrome-over-isolated-background-doing-happy-thumbs-up-gesture-with-hand-approving-expression-looking-at-the-camera-with-PW2F13.jpg)
Lmaooo I was about to fomo
Skynet without PLTR? 


What.
JETS

If you're talking 5 years +
Both, its a bubble train that goes Choo Choo and then pop
JFC if I have to read correlations between the dotcom bubble and Tesla one more time I’m fucking deleting my Hotmail account.
[removed]
I’m scared. Someone hold me.
Cathie bae does and that’s good enough for me
ARKC clean energy ETF--make it happen Cathie. Pleas
If TSLA pops, will it bring down ARKK with it?
EV is the upgrade to cars. What's the next  wave  for homes?? Robots or solar panel's?!
[deleted]
SQQQ
/s
Work from home in IT.
  
  
  
So I hear, anyway.
Thanks for proving my point with a source, appreciated
R u talking bout that plane crash?
I’m gonna say it:

it’s only up from here. 

I have no 🔮 but I don’t see GME trading below $16 anytime soon (unless the whole market dips on macro issues).
i think he meant more $$$ as in premium
[removed]
Excuse me they make gaming consoles that warm your tendies now
Not atm. Hopefully getting on NASDAQ soon
ICLN
[deleted]
Good. Fuck the CCP and all the China loving motherfuckers. If you hold NIO you're complicit
Positive skepticism leads to better problem-solving, innovation, and creativity! It also helps develop our abilities to think critically about the world around us!
Bd wong would be first pick definitely. Bobby has a lot of comedy to him that would have to be written the right way.

Edit: ohhh you were saying mirror protag/antag so 2v2. I like it, let’s get it done I’ll make the puke draft if you do the first edit
I wasn't considering the senate just the "build back better" stuff Biden kept talking about. I know he would be limited if Republicans kept control but the momentum was already on it's way for greener power.
Wait for a drop on Monday or Tuesday.  It may not happen though given the traction late Friday.
Bought some at 6 usd but - as I said - only some 🤷🏼‍♂️
My school forced me into a 5 hour therapists evaluation to see if I had Asperger's back when I was in 6th grade.   Luckily it turns out I am only retarded.   Though there was a healthy debate.
All Americans of integrity should steer clear of the NIO or any involvement in Chinese operations.  Clear enough for you?  Fuck the Chinese government.
ARKG
Yes
Nothing has happened to BABA’s fundamentals.  Tech can’t do whatever they want in China.  Unlike the US, China is proactive not reactive.  Jack Ma is staying low as an indication of respect.
75
Ohhhh a leap. How forward thinking of you.
That’s the simple answer. WSB is for playing at the casino but any advice about playing in China is like telling you to drive an hour out of vegas to my friend’s club in a warehouse where a guy with one eye exchanges your money for chips and ten people have gone missing in the last year.
It's snowing in Texas. Hell has froze over. Calls on my hard nips
Bingo. The potential is insanely high for this company and I think even most avid GME investors dont realize just how high the stock could come to fly in a best case scenario.
You mean the same bullshit story in 2012 that Bestbuy was dying? How’d that go for the shorts?
Rip Boeing
[fuck the ccp](https://c8.alamy.com/comp/PW2F13/young-adult-woman-with-down-syndrome-over-isolated-background-doing-happy-thumbs-up-gesture-with-hand-approving-expression-looking-at-the-camera-with-PW2F13.jpg)
I can’t find it on Robinhood.   What’s the ticker ????
But I wanted to be my own boss and get up and grind tho
And yet there are people in the west that like Swinger parties.
So we voting or what?
digital corn tryna dump
Bears play at 4:40 if they win... it was a good run bulls
What the fuck does this post have to do with racism lmao
both
[removed]
its going to the moon though right? with GME in it?
[removed]
Still up 34.10%. Better than lots of people on this sub.
Here for this.
I think the agreement in WSB is that stocks only go up. GTFO
it should be around jan 23rd. Haven't' seen anything yet for certain.
PUPU or PEPE
Can confirm. CCP is using the National Security law to showcase their fear mongering tactic here in HK everyday. Honestly a lot of HK ppl feel completely hopeless
Thank you for mentioning actual US companies.
Gonna fomo on any big dips otherwise I’ll stay cash gang
mara over 1bil
[deleted]
Are you telling me to buy an econ textbook or does Chegg refer to something else?
A true autist is the perfect thing to call him
[he's right guys](https://c8.alamy.com/comp/PW2F13/young-adult-woman-with-down-syndrome-over-isolated-background-doing-happy-thumbs-up-gesture-with-hand-approving-expression-looking-at-the-camera-with-PW2F13.jpg)
Damn all these comments and no one said GME PLTR  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Any particular reason no TLRY?
That's the thing I'm trying to wrap my head around, how the private investors would be represented in terms of a share structure post merger.


Would it show total shares outstanding as 1.3b but only 260 mil are publicly listed on the NYSE? Or would it show 260 mil shares outstanding (but there are way more just privately owned and not shown on the stock exchange?) etc etc



And also, how the public share price would effect the private companies 80% stake.
Thanks.
What was the fundamental change before the .com bubble?
Bruh GenZedong almost immediately turned into a shithole but for a short while had some pretty funny counter-narrative satire
Lol I had 20 Bili 1/15 85C that I sold when it first gapped up to 90 :/
Ok well if trump accomplished that (he wont)
I just tried posting again on another account. Hoping this time it doesn’t get removed 

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuletk/oac_a_sleeping_giant_kylie_jenner_promoted_their/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Seconded
[deleted]
WINNIE THE POOH AINT WELCOME ROUND THESE PARTS
Racist.
This paper is some garbage wiki based trash final project
A lot of big tech has been trading sideways for awhile. Definitely due for a break out (and hopefully not a break down) soon.
lol I see 8 times the top line acted as resistance and 3 times the bottom acted as support. Not saying it will continue indefinitely, but could for the near future.
[removed]
How do you not pick Steel for infrastructure. 

This is literally like 1/3 of the sub lately. . .
Thats weird considering the space shuttle was retired in 2011
Then why am I down so much money huh!
Tell your dad he’s a dumbass
Watching the trumpers beat that police officer to death on r/PublicFreakout threw me off this morning. Think they even used a American flag
Here's something to add to your comment. The CCP has added a law on their books saying that locals can ignore foreign laws. So essentially they can ignore paying shareholders and breach the contract if someone deemed it unjustified.

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-09/china-issues-rules-to-protect-firms-citizens-from-foreign-laws

Step one: Pump VIE stocks

Step two: Don't pay royalties

Step three: Tell foreign investors to pound sand
Sold some puts that expired on Friday. Pocketed the premium and headed out
[deleted]
Hit me with the link
[removed]
it's because the retards died off and stopped posting lol. almost every gain post here is about TSLA. I havent seen much about GME then i did 3 weeks ago
I know dude I was just joking, I live in Jeju
amen
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-is-a-billionaire-who-doesnt-care-about-money-2020-5%3famp

Check out his tweets in March. He apparently is renting homes instead of owning them, etc
ARKG
BLOK
I couldn't disagree with you more and because of one of your points. 

Due to current laws, basically every grower is forced to own and operate their own retail locations. CA players are already set up on a mass production/mass distribution model. They don't have the dead weight of operating a  B&M, however you best believe Canopy (Corona) and Cronos (Marlboro) are gonna be all up in them shelves like your wife's boyfriend in them guts.

But if you wanna pay for the store and employees to sell my products, more power to ya bro!
Someone else may have a better answer but you're basically correct. The value function of companies are now dependent on way more variables than just profit.
if you bought it last week though you would be up 7,000
ARKG
QQQ
$MSOS has been and will continue to be the superior choice for very obvious reasons when you look at their holdings
[CCPeeeeeeeeeeeee](https://c8.alamy.com/comp/PW2F13/young-adult-woman-with-down-syndrome-over-isolated-background-doing-happy-thumbs-up-gesture-with-hand-approving-expression-looking-at-the-camera-with-PW2F13.jpg)
Why not both ? 🚀
Also im 28
I love everything about this thread. OP can fuck my wife any time he wants.
He's lying low bro. About 6' or so.
Alexa play macarena
Only when the Chinese banks are allowed to invest on it again. Nobody should touch it until it happens.
[deleted]
What’s a career where I can sit on my ass and look at the market all day like some of you people seem to do?

I’m 23 with a stem degree, and I work manual labor 8-5, looking for a career transition.
By the way, Reddit is partly Chinese owned. So good luck with that argument in the future.
Legit got on with 1000 bucks at 21 and im over 70k now.  This is the golden age.
Nomanwoman and nowomanman
FREE JACK MA BOO BOO
Okay, I gave it some more thought. Recovery and ATH by market open. My previous comment was a bit conservative, ill admit
I get all that, I'm asking how the private owners investment is represented in the share structure POST merger.
You got it 🍆🍑
I disagree. Small correction, don't see it going much lower than what it hit today.
The meta for employers / hiring managers going forwards is gonna be hiring state universities grads over mediocre big name school. 

Because you know your employee isn’t a blind sheep following the fanciest big names and will overpay. 

Rather my employee be realistic, understand his limitations, has good foresight, and isn’t a simp for optics. 

Obviously exceptions are exceptions, if it’s a smart kid from Harvard w.e fuck it. 

But, if the kid who clearly barely made it through an IVY10 probably isn’t too smart with his own time & money; am I suppose to gamble that he’s gonna be productive on my dime & salary?
What is NIO?
Problem with gamestop that they didn't have when at their high valuation is that they have a lot of ill will built up with gamers. You have a lot of gamers who say they won't ever shop from them again after years of exploitative practices and fucking employees around. Sure they can reinvent themselves with this online refresh, but it's not a sure thing when you have negative brand value with your customer base.
To*
[deleted]
Chris Christie is Earth's Baron Harkonnen. Why isn't he floating
I truly and genuinely wish you lots of money and good fortune, my man.

I, however, will remain skeptical of TA (chart reading).

May we both get gains in 2021!
I have a better idea. Lower the minimum wage so they have less money and spend less money. That should have a great economic impact.
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nice try Gay bears
And then no one would invest in china stocks again? This wouldn't happen dumbass.
 so you're saying CCP has infiltrated CNBC!!!!
I am more disappointed with the lack of effort by that shill. I mean why not just buy some reddit account? Plenty of wsb users can sell their account for just $20.
Best etf to dump 50k into and forget about it?
Samsung has actually made cars for years and are quite common in Korea
Is it a bubble or a train
Sedg enph fslr
[deleted]
I'd say there's a difference between active accounts manned by keyboard warriors trying to pump stocks they own vs burner accounts pumping a probable government managed company saying praise the respective government.
Seriously. Starting to sound like deranged trumpers. Is America that much better? Putting kids in cages? Apple using slave labor. Tesla forcing workers to work in factories where they could get covid. Capitalism is the evil
Are my ITM $30 ICLN 2/19’s gonna print? Break even is $35.
I agree but save it for Facebook, no one cares
Electric autonomous books that read themselves or download directly to your brain.
UVXY

This
The amount of middle aged men drooling over bot accounts, with hot profile pics, on StockTwits will never stop being amusing. Poor dudes probably haven’t gotten it from their dried up wives in years and it show.
[removed]
Nice breakdown with perhaps the worst cannabis choices possible. ACB and CGC can’t even sell weed in the states currently.

Buy large American cannabis operators: Curaleaf, trulieve, cresco, green thumb OR $MSOS for the etf

Seriously go look the analysis from LITERALLY ANYONE that follows this space and you’ll arrive at the same conclusion.
Because the CCP/Biden narrative is propaganda for stupid people.
[deleted]
The amount of liquidity that’ll be getting pumped in these next couple months is gonna be unprecedented. HOP IN EQUITIES EVERYONE
Yeah obviously the stock hasn’t moved.. but why 🤔
That's true so those of us who already own homes can pull equity and double down on GME, PRPL AND ICLN
anyone else buy this TTD dip? 850 FDs for me
Hey man we don't use the bubble word around hear, we say never ending bull market 😡😡😡
[removed]
This may come as a shock, but you can learn and speak two languages.
Daddy Musk is taking us to MARS 2.0. Above 1000 soon
Didn't he buy in at 16ish too? So to actually get a return, my man Cohen would need to hit 32ish to make it worth it.
Imagine not believing our #1 economic and military adversary is not actively engaging in cyber, social, and economic warfare, after hundreds if not thousands of examples. 

Fucking see you later.

Go shill for more free karma on your bullshit account pussy.
Imagine not investing in western SUPREMACY.

PLTR TO THE MOON 🚀 🚀 🚀 🚀
Daddy dom treat you good over the holidays?
I know a guy probably about 23-24 now who has spent the last 5 years building a fucking empire of THC extraction labs/edible production facilities. Dudes got mad hustle and watching his snapchat is wolf of wall street ish sometimes. Mad love to that dude I remember when he was 14 a bunch of guys kicked him out of a party we were having because he was too young and now that guy is fucking models and moving duffle bags. Dude never stops working or partying always seeing snaps of badass extraction set ups. A few years ago he sent snaps of his entire trip to China to seal a badass manufacturing deal. What a fucking champion I can't even explain how inspirational he is.
[deleted]
I prefer the Australian pronunciation. Choy knees.
Ideally yes, but the government is so inefficient not really. Also I’d be pissed if I knew over 40% of these gains were being taken from me.
Good shit 👩‍👧‍👦
This. 😂
Still 10% lmao
Lmao I don’t care as long as it goes up
how can anyone compare stock prices when so much of investing now is retail investing. If robinhood was a brokerage firm this dip would have never happened.
If you havent invested in $TSLA by now its too late, wait for the bubble to pop before you try to get in. You missed the train.
pimpin
To clarify /u/DaRootbear's response below:

 - 0.1 theta = $10

 - 0.01 theta = $1
The Chinese have a saying:

The best day to plant a tree is 20 years ago.  The next best day is today.

Clearly I have no fucking idea what that means, so: PLTR 🚀
CRM 240 EOW
For those who don't know what a breakout is [https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/breakout.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/breakout.asp)
Yeah if you don't mind I'd like to take a look.
Why the fuck are people always trying to help us and tell us to sell? To be nice? No! Because they just want to be right and eventually if you say the same thing over and over statistically you'll be right so... we can do that too. Stocks only grow up!
I got greedy Friday and didn’t buy the dip when it hit 17.10. Ended up purchasing some at 17.50
SAD!
Plug still mooninggg 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Console sales don’t generate large profits are they are sold at a stern MSRP, so I wouldn’t put as much emphasis on those driving mega profits as highly as one might suspect.
What? You mean ITM calls safer but less $$
All in on leaps
I just pointing out that you don't like labels, but there's an obvious one. You're a capitalist, which really just means you believe in property rights.

Carry on.
Good maybe the money will rotate into proper equities
butthole tendies for all!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🏎
damn how do mods find these CCP spies ? are they workin with the FBI ?
Which discord, im sick of this
Lack of sleep can do many things.
I'm still buying 🤷‍♂️
It's an ETN, not ETF which alone stopped me from going in and stick to TQQQ. As I understand it, ETN is subject to counterparty risk, unlike an ETF. For an example of wats the worst that can happen look at how XIV blew up, but SVXY survived
Chegg.

But also yeah every dip will be bought within a month or two at most until rate hike.
I appreciate her mane
I got calls on a 🥭 Reality TV show by EOY. 

Any ideas on what it will be called?
I will be thinking about this as I buy more shares as it goes red in the next couple days. If it doesn’t I will be a little disappointed having to buy at a higher price.
[deleted]
[removed]
I have noticed a proliferation of nio posts into other subreddits as well. Ccp pulling the old pump and dump?
After you inherit it from some distant relative you've never heard of ofc
Hiding in plain sight. Like Ma on the air conditioner.
Brother we gonna be rich
I miss the gif war that was going on. Whatever happened to those guys?
All comments I seem to be seeming are pro-musk
wish there was a robinhood or similar app when I was a kid I would def. be a millionaire by now.
Sounds like more DD than the OP did
My home country of India would be the richest country in the world by GDP. 😈
probably the 45c, yeah.  a delta of 0.45 is comfortable
Was on the phone with Ryan. He said it get your lube ready.
What if the dipp ss going to be higher then the current high?
[deleted]
Well, thanks for giving me ideas on what to blow my stimmy on.
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [KALEO - Way Down We Go (Offi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-7IHOXkiV8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-7IHOXkiV8)⠀►►⠀ 2:23 / 3:35 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
 ^ Sock man here would make a killing
PSTH is taking Starlink Public.  This way Elon can keep his launch business and point to point space travel private.
I hate to break it to you but it's not just WSB.

Look at how glowingly your democrat leaders sing of China. America used to have our own oligarchs but now they are owned by the CCP.

Your news networks are spewing the CCP propaganda as are your politicians (on both sides, but especially the dems).   See how often they are pushing chinese companies.
I know you are right because it works on the majority of the population. But it is easiervto better educate the population then to stop companies mining data.. because that is hard af. Im willing to bet almost all conpanies are collecting more data then they disclose and noone can prove it. Just see how long fb did it before being caught.
i mean the play was having dems controlling senate etc? so why were you in it in the first place lol
Yes an order of the orange chicken please with fried rice
good boy
Due diligence. His research and evidence proving why a given equity is a good buy.
[deleted]
Exactly
For all things China she is my DD
I joined this sub because I thought I was going to surround myself with fellow retards.  

Is everyone here not a retard?  Is there a special section for people like us?
Alexa play Way Down We Go
FUCK. I got into investing so late. I’ve always been like yeah Tesla gonna be big in the future, but never bothered to check into stocks and the price point.

Fuck me. $36 in 2019? Fuck.
Ouf missed that
[deleted]
I don't know the difference. I just follow what wsb suggests.
Tomorrow will be hilarious when TSLA opens red and NIO opens green, masses flock to TSLA puts and NIO calls, and the old switcharoo happens at 9:45.  😂
Also states had different capital gains tax laws right? Unless op is in Florida
That’s the thing. It’s about comebacks for you. I think every historical economic fact I’ve brought up was straight up news to you. You literally didn’t know about it so you ignore it and go about as Simple Jack as possible.

All you seem to have is that lazy, carbon copy, cookie cutter right-wing nonsense you can hear on Steven Crowder’s latest YouTube clip. “You don’t know anything about business and your parents probably pay your internet bill” or whatever counts as some world ending comment to you 😂.
I'm saying if it breaks support then it will go down to this level and should stop. The floor isn't a made up range - its based on other time frames, past resistance level, etc. The support break - bearish pt is also measured using predictive tools.  So from a charting perspective, I will play short term puts on top of my bullish play if it goes down, generally.  For rkt - this was a purely technical scalp play  but, generally, i perform epic DDs on stocks that I will take positions on. You can check some of that out on both of my profiles.
No.  

I'm just saying that CFA going public in any way shape or form would be a gold mine
Well the graph certainly tells a story
Only 35% of the holdings are US based, and the rest of the world ain’t giving up on green energy so as long as you’re not doing FDs you’re probably good.
Where gme and tesla?
CCP can S my D
[deleted]
[deleted]
Pokémon cards at GME very bullish
Can’t I take them to court?..... oh wait.
If you were around for the legend of 1ronyman you know exactly what we mean
Precisely
Tesla.
thanks! I did just fuck a mother too..lol
Soltec Power or Sunpower.
CCP, prove it is you by sending BABA to 300 tmro.
Yeah and doing so 40x really helped!

Wow look at all the money the middle class and lower third have! Let’s keep doing it.
Tiananmen Square 1989
How does someone just drop $100gs on a leap, jeez
Were you born retarded or something happened ?
Ccp get out of here
I'm in a completely different situation I had gains in my account and didn't realize robinhood was sending the emails to a different address.  If I didn't report my gains on this year taxes how do I go about fixing that?
Aren't they always?
Calls on the vix?
Thats a lot of jizz though
The last Benz I bought was in 2002, but that thing still used pneumatics to lock / unlock the door, long after most manufacturers had gone electronic.  If it works, it’s good enough for them.
[deleted]
Hoping WSB volume is low enough for me to get an answer: Why does it actually matter if P/E ratios are inflated and why does it mean that the bubble would pop? Previously you set price targets on what you thought the company would bring in X years into the future, and now it's X+2 or X\*2. But isn't that just a psychological set point? If we just change our idea of how stocks should be priced there's no side effect unless there's a better place to put money right?
Yup it has been watered down by  imaginary Internet point hunters.
Best solar company to invest for 2021?
Going all in during open
icln 60 dollars eoy EASILY
Had a dream that Elon found a way to turn human urine into energy and the world became cluttered with piss farms where the bottom of the newfound caste is milked for their yellow goodness to power our rocket ships
I think you just provided the ultimate NIO DD.  Bridgewater Associates, largest hedgefund in the world, is heavily invested in Nio.  As is Baillie Gifford (had been #1 Tesla holder for a decade - now #1 NIO holder)...they have a $300bn 10Y valuation on NIO.

Follow the smart money..
No it wasn't. There was a new DD everyday and for a time every one was saying January calls. Lying about it is an emotional response and you know what they say about emotional responses.
You got multiple awards from Elon as a redditor because you did a good job of removing his competitor.
“Administer Co since” got my, Fucking lmao
It's not a bad goal. I wish you luck. But never forget the fruitfulness of hard work - trust me, you'll be happier and more fulfilled in the long run.
Brick and mortar for weed are basically just going to be glorified sample stations. Hear me out, once weed is legalized it's going to lose all of the "hype" of going to the dispensaries over time. This is going to transition to online weed sales in the form of subscriptions after you already know what brands you really like, and social settings like bars for alcohol. Liquor stores currently are usually lackluster at best. People LOVE buying the vegetables directly from the farmer, what makes you think weed is different?

1oz/mo, 3.5g/week..etc. whatever the fuck it is you smoke, there will be a deal for a subscription. Guaranteed. Companies without the expense of a B&M will still sell into retail stores and be in a better place to make better margins on D2C sales online.
They cry after masturbating
Only as much as GOEV. Cause they both limp and gay.
Agreed. I have 5 ICLN leaps for 01/2022. Will try and add a NIO 01/2023 sometime near future at a reasonable price.
they got what they wanted.  Why the fk would they give us 2k
One of us
[deleted]
anyone ever get any FNGU? I've had TQQQ in the past which is 3x leveraged but never had the balls to go into FNGU for obvious reasons and just watched it go up 300% this year
Darwin award
どうもありがとうミスターロボット
Shit moon.

DOES NOT COMPUTE
I rolled my 800c 1/15s to 1000c 1/15s lol
Here’s some more dd for you guys. I’ve been to Chinatown and I’ve seen Tesla’s but never a nio. 

Tesla🚀 nio 📉
Washington................Redskins
Whenever, don’t listen to these tards that got lucky gambling with their inheritance
Who has a investor meeting Wednesday? Canoo?
PERI getting ready to become my Jewish TDD
Off your income. You can deduct your entire carry over losses against future gains. Just not your income
I'm actually from the islands and my dream is to one day own a beachfront home.

Miami just ain't it. It's a pretentious shithole with the fakest and worst cultures of any city I've been to.
Can you put it back up?
Everyone in those subs is either a virgin or only fucks missionary
Lmfao
You are our shield from our own stupidity u/theycallmeryan.
I am not a socialist, I don't accept free money, so no, I won't short it.
Every time he says “omnichannel” you will lose 1%
😢😢😢
If you want exposure to Tesla and Nio, QCLN.
Yes no disputing that. But what is that change? All the major factors that are contributing to the rise will continue into the next few months at the very least. We have at least 8-10 months before the Fed even announces any plans beyond “brrrrrrr”

My point is that there is no reason to expect any fundamental change in the very near future, not that it won’t eventually come suddenly.
I’m still buying NIO calls at open 🤷🏻‍♂️
So was Trump, apparently.  His main concern was how 'low class' his rioters looked.
TLDR; 

Student loans can’t be cleared with bankruptcy

Refinancing home and leveraging to the tits with any form of LOC that floats around prime > student loans.
[removed]
Yes for busses
Why is HYLN so hated on? Just curious
It's not Tesla tanking that we need to be concerned about, it's everything else that might tank with it - the whole EV sector, all ev suppliers (batteries etc), possibly every other speculative and SPAC IPO that has a ridiculously high valuation.
And then crashed
no one gives a shit about shit coins
It better be 🚀🚀🚀
this is the way
💩🪙 showing how next week will go in the markets
Ccp still sucks if a country can strong arm a company its a no from me
Yup just created generational wealth no college necessary.
Then it crashed to fuck
Correct. You can only deduct 3k losses off your INCOME. Any losses you have can be used next year and the year after to offset gains.
Underrated comment.
Only retards live here. You'll never not be one xD.
Jesus Christ you people. Just do your own research alright? Naspers is the biggest company in Africa and founded in 1915.
Is it like the Jack Mac grandma always used to make?
you think a company that closes a day of operation for GOD is gonna go public via spac?

LMAO
it's dumb as all hell but suspect it just might happen.
#OPERATION TIBET FREEDOM 🍉
Fuck some young people really know how to grab life by the balls, buddy of mine made 2 million last year selling real estate and he’s only 20
No, I'm not american, i'm just looking at his speeches and twitter posts and the guy is making your country look like a joke
If it’s up 20% I’ll put it in ARKG and chill
Just discovered a new strain walking into GME and smelling BO.
Not in software.

GM, Ford and a the other Boomer companies have laughable software engineers.

I seriously don't know a single person who'd want to work for them, it's literally laughable.
Literally only because of the name.
I agree with this. The skilled trades are fucking dying to get half-decent people in and turn wrenches. Most job sites are a shitshow now due tomorrow o the stupid college push in schools.
[removed]
GOEV going to develop Apple Car!
Amazon: sells everything tangible but cars

Tesla: sells carbon credits to be profitable
Glory to president xi
I like it
[deleted]
That’s one expensive water
I can only hope to be as autistic as you one day
You are talking about february. How the fuck do you even think that's a long run
F
Accusing critics of racism is a standard CCP tactic. It's predicated on the idea that the Han Chinese ethnicity is synonymous with the political entity. It very much is not, based mods should ban anyone who claims this.
In the early days of Amazon, stock went up 1000% in a year, even though they would have to sell more than every book ever made to “justify” to stock price
I always find press releases from China weird. They don't use the same language we might use. There is just something off about their word choice every time.


Inb4 "ya cuz its in mandarin hur dur"
Because that’s how it works. Whether you are mentally retarded or not.
If you add the 20% of all USD being printed in 2020 - this isn't as a big bubble as most think. 

Not riding this euphoria would be stupid.
KFConsole
[deleted]
This is why I don't buy chinese stocks.

When that Tom Nash was dick sucking Alibaba I'm like this guy got a short memory for an investor. I still like the dude but he's pumping baba and nio.

I'm like the dude probably never invest in chinese stock around the time they got HK back, early 2000s iirc. There were so much cheat and cooked balance sheet.

Why take the risk when you can just buy other companies? Canada, USA, Europe, Japan? You can also do S Korea and Taiwan too.
When it IPO’d, it was PSTHU and the units contained 1 share and 1/9 warrant. Now if you hold shares through the merger, you get 2/9 warrant per share. Only whole warrants will be issued so hold shares in multiples of 9. The beauty of this structure is that unlike other spacs where a price spike induces a sell off, this structure encourages people to hold on to shares because the 2/9 warrant value will continue to increase. So the closer to merger you get, people will want to hold onto highly priced shares because the warrants will be worth that much more. 

Warrants are essential super long term calls options with a $23 strike price. They should rise dollar for dollar with the stock price, so you can see how a 5% increase in share price will mean 10-15% increase in warrant price. In this way the warrants will continue to become more valuable
!remind me in 4 days
[deleted]
[removed]
if you like playing SPACs this will probably be very useful to you:

https://twitter.com/DJohnson_CPA/status/1347935051065995266/photo/1


6 confirmed mergers in the next 4 weeks, including the one this Tuesday.
Hope it dumps, sold riot a bit early on thursday
So don’t do it to yourself again with NIO...
We are witnessing McCarthyism 2.0
power and control.
[deleted]
how are you able to buy at 4 am?
I'm worried that big boomer ceo will evaporate my tendies.
One of us.
What is the presumed hidden agenda by the CCP here? By CCP do you just mean any Chinese investor on these forums? In what way is there an infiltration here? Do you have any reason to believe that there aren't any other nationals also pushing their "agenda" in these forums as well, or is it just the CCP?
Can't lose 76 million users because there aren't 76 million twitter users in the US
This guy's break even is closer to 30.90
Calls for 2026 my man. Or just buy the stock lmao
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kujaqw/2021_again/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
Literally one of the few posts here that wasn't inundated with autism and of course it gets deleted and replaced by a thread with 10x the autism. WSB, never change.
yes sir. this will be enormous
Did you not see the guy with Jan 15th $30 GME calls today? He's down 55k on 60k equity.
let’s say i have $900 to blow on tesla calls. i can buy 1 1/15 1000c for $9.10. or i can buy 2 1/15 1070c for $4.65. either way i go my premium is close to the same(+/-$20). if the stock goes up %12.5 monday morning, my 1070c print more money than the 1000c. if that’s the case, why doesn’t everyone just buy the most OTM option possible since it’s going to be the most profitable? am i missing something?
uhhh
Fundamental change for a variable that you are talking about doesn’t slowly roll out. It just happens. The bubble doesn’t deflate it pops.
Such as?
[deleted]
Let the bears continue to hope for a pop. 

Spoiler alert: this balloon is a hot water bottle. You’re gonna need Franco to resurrect to pop it.
There are so many cheaper plays in green energy imo
I’m in
Better get a Tesla soon as hell
Definitely not Trojans, I guarantee you no one here pulls out
The CCP would absolutely love it if any criticism of them amounted to being racist, which of course leads to western society ostracizing. The amount of useful retards around here who are compliant with those efforts is disheartening.
Make money off these Chinese stocks and use it to aid Taiwan.

-America
So the NIO DD was an actual CCP shill? So disappointing, I was actually impressed with the looks of the ET7 and wanted to put some money in
VXX shares. I kind of have the same inclination as your dad but cause if/we’re wrong he can maybe not lose everything lol
TLDR: still gonna buy
PSTH taking Pornhub public
congratulations mofo
Definitely.
Your example highlights the perfect time to be a bear.
AFRM ipo this week.
People just playing the NAV -> DA pump I guess, but this one seemed like a no brainer under $12. I grabbed 100 shares and will be looking to double down Monday
F
Barrons always maintains a bearish bias.
lets just buy them. only worth 270m. 

$150 from each autist
20
Moon cakes for all good WSBsan!
Latinos or Latinx
I feel like if whenever the market crashes, itl straight implode like the uss thresher.
No, I am the n00b :D
Didnt you hold calls over the weekend?
Yep i dont disagree, because as you see the market doesn't care about bullshit PE ratios or some dumb stuff. The market is made by the people in a free market, and since someone's willing to buy for more than it is now, that means itll go up, it might as well crash and burn tomorrow and Elongated be overthrown. But seeing the people's rationality now is that they will be able to sell it for more to other people wanting the same thing. Or just people wanting a piece of history. And especially in 2021 which is a full hype train for tesla with a new factory, new cars, new battery, and new car announcements. A week ago i commented on a clip Tesla 800 by 04/04 and it almost reached 900 this Friday. Im sure ass hell itll get 1000 until 04/04 now
Think again.
So many dickpics @ the Wall Street bull statue
[deleted]
The system works 🇺🇸 🦅 🇺🇸
They can.  Reducing cost, safety, and slight capacity are improvements.  The major improvement would be the new tech of battery call quantum glass.
Good, when businesses find stupid, often illegal or exploitative, loopholes to profit from then the "deal" should be altered.
I don’t care how much I lose tomorrow, but I REFUSE to pay more then $2.99 a gallon
How about CAT for infrastructure?
I'm not that spiritual, but got damn you autists are great at manifesting bullshit.
Dude it’s gone up 115% in 2 months. You’re stupid if you think it will go up to 1000
lucky bastard
抗暴 平反 維權 示 means "I love dog dick".
Ah but he can apply it dollar for dollar on capital gains I just to find out what those are
[deleted]
I'm not so sure. We are hurdling to heard immunity one way or the other. If there are multiple strands we can't create a vaccine for what is the point of lock downs?
I'm going to go deep into some NIO calls come Monday
bullish
Jokes on you, I’m down 100% so there’s nothing left to keep track of
[deleted]
Due diligence, aka research.
That didn't answered my question at all. I guess your a little angry Trump American - but I I'm not. You are so freaking paranoid. Go to the congress again moron.
only feb. it was way green,not that long ago I also made all money on it
PEJ could be worth a shot, travel etf could have a big year.  it's biggest holding is the mouse though and i'm already goofy 'bout it
TSLA probably next then tbh
Thats ez money go for it!
I assume 90% of the people I chat with online are CCP propaganda trolls.
iNdIcAtOr fOr tHe MaRkEt ToMoRrOw
Tyvm mods not gae
holy shit 2020 did a number on me.
[deleted]
I haven't been following T too closely, but I don't think the price action your hoping for is out of the question.  There may be a lot more money moving from Big Tech among others, that could very well park in a safer play such as T.  I wish you the best pal, I have some money on NOK (Aug Calls), and am also hoping for a slight increase to turn that position green.  Just got be smart enough to follow it up with a trailing stop loss and lock in the gains if they do come.
Are you a mouthbreather? If not, get a 2020 imac

PC market is a hot mess right now due to scalpers and supply issues
I have calls that expire this Friday please give me the 411
If you bought one full Co1n today early this morning. You would be down almost 3k. Lmao
This post is the most retarded thing I've read. It's depressive and hopeless as fuck first of all, the core message being we are fucked and there is nothing you can do about it. 

its pretty clear to me that there are less people starving to death compared to 1970s. Would you rather live in 1970s? Debt and inflation is necessary to flourish to where we are now. The more inequality we have, the more wealth we have as a civilization overall.

Anyways believe what you want, manage your own feelings, you do you. Just post position.
*splt
[removed]
That’s not true at all. For example, You can just lend them out
I remember when it was “overbought” at 900 a share pre split now its just about at 900 a share post split
Spoiler alert. That post wasn’t CCP but Ray Dalio pumping his Gyna investments
Not entirely relevant but worth a watch... interesting parallel to another company

https://youtu.be/InEgmXhU4KA
Dude that would be massive.  

CFA has a cult like following that rivals TSLA
I own 2 Teslas and own none of their stock. That way I can lose money on depreciating assets that I barely drive since the pandemic and I get the benefit of watching other people get rich. 

Win win.
You clearly don’t know how it moves over the weekend.
FUCK THE CCP
🤦 my fault, sometimes my fingers go faster than my brain. Anyway, CA players have an advantage over MSOs that I'll post about it a little bit. 

Basically MSOs have to spend too much money on retail stores. CA players are already focused on a production to online sales model, without the expenses of B&M. Also MSOs who own dispensaries will be footing the bill to distribute CA products .
I’ve been using signal
[deleted]
Thanks man. I knew that post was fishy as fuck but I'm too stupid to counter it.
No
Lol it doesnt even matter, the vaccine stops it
nice!
RIOT puts will print
Closing is ok, i need to sleep. But open on weekends fuckers
The biggest issue with TSLA's totally not rtarded valuation is that other companies can make cool cars
what do these words mean?
that will help a lot but the pricing war is the issue currently.  Recreational approval and maybe further consolidation in the industry will be required to get us out of this depressed market.
Stocks are not bothered by earthly problems
Detected the anti china guy
Linda Hunt kept that same demeanor as Hetty Lange in NCIS Los Angeles
Damn, i'm a kid i just came to see gains lol. Good job :)
So tesla options are safe bet?
u/savevideo
we reach herd immunity faster
Rough math says if you were to buy 4x your current amount at 18 your cost basis would be 14.40 and your exposure is now 5x. How does that sound?
Damn this is why I love this sub. Millions of autists checking your every word, serving as an automatic failsafe and if you try to hoodwink them they will strip you naked and digital cavity search you while screeching REEEEE. We really could be good auditors/ratings agencies
Which episode of south park is that?
i feel ya. I new that shit was coming and didn't hold
1 month after your open a robinhood account
no im not retarded
[deleted]
I’ve been saying pelosi needs to be in jail for the longest but ya all my homies hate Nancy
What makes them a South African company and not a Chinese front operating out of Africa?
I don’t really have faith in GME management. I do think there was a good reason why Cohen doubled down, a reason that has yet to be revealed. Anyone else in GME gang, make sure you have an exit strategy just in case
Thanks, fine-tasted autist
I've got 5 32c & 7 45c 01/22. Was thinking of dropping another 11k on more 45c's. Is that what you are doing?
Denmark, UK, India, Japan. There’s a new strain every other month. We’ve been fucked nonstop
Right, it’s not a bot, it’s a team!
I've tried to do it the other way, but its all Greek to me.
JUST BECAUSE IT NEVER HAPPENED DOESNT MEAN IT WONT HAPPEN .....
Nah, Friday.
Go move to China. I'm sure you'll love it.
i think it's funny that the us has paid more communist checks to its people than some socialist countries in europe.
Lol. Jk – congrats bud.
[deleted]
ITM leaps are pretty much free money for the next few months if you can hold that long without selling.
Ha and OP says retards on this sub don’t exist
Charger not included. 

for environmental purposes..
I decided my retirement account will rely on ARKG
Omnichannel
aww that warms my heart, thank you ❤️
Please elaborate what America or Americans have to do with anything regarding NIO? We are talking about investing into a Chinese car manufacturer, which produces and sells cars in China. America is irrelevant at this point. And what am I doing? Making money. As everyone else in this sub.
no. my data is worthless and cant harm mecand idgaf if they use for profits. and if they use it to manipulate retards, then its our job to make retards smarter
at least you acknowledged your name :)
Debit spreads on Tesla will someday max out your losses faster than you can dump them. I choose not to play that game.
Thanks
You know what would taste even better? That same exact dish without crispy bits of nature’s battery acid :P
Long live the bubble!
🤦‍♀️
Probably 35 and 58
Yep. AOC said this morning that impeachment was more important than confirming Biden admin or stimulus. TSLA 1200 eow
[deleted]
It’s a give and take man. I agree that with a free service like FB it’s odd that there’s an expectation of privacy - unless privacy is an explicitly stated goal - telegram, signal, etc.

I personally choose not to use it for a myriad of reasons, but everyone’s value prop is different
Taxing corporations and billionaires, retard
30
Yeah, do they think they’re Saturn or something?
Lol
[deleted]
[removed]
They had a big jump since end of Oct. I meant BIG red.

Well I have $AIR anyway so for now I'm safe 😬
We’re not pumping or manipulating with GME...

We KNOW it’s going to 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bro it's the Chinese Communist Party, not China. Nobody has anything against Chinese people. It's a sick dictatorship. More people should take a stand to that especially what they've done to Hong Kong.
I saw an article about Stripe (wet dream target).  Estimated value is $60-$70 billion.  

Lol PSTH isn't merging with Stripe
Because I love you. Duh
Fellow retard Hongkonger here.
In an era where everyone is being cancelled for the dumbest shit, yes, I care about privacy
I’ve got March calls so yes I plan on holding
What a respectable age to make your first million?
Sheesh. A certain digital asset dropped 8% today. Another 10% and there’s gonna be some panic selling. Indicator for the market tomorrow 👀

GG to the RIOT and MARA call holders
[deleted]
[deleted]
Confirmed. Calls on Apple cars then
I have some BABA shares but after all this drama I’m staying the fuck out of the Chinese market holy hell
might wanna throw a nsfw tag on there buddy
Lol nothing new... Welcome to Reddit 3.0
my sentiment is considered racist so it follows in line
I’m in this post and I’m depressed
Ever seen that hit the ground at velocity speed? IT EXPLODES
[deleted]
Ah my fault. Thanks for correcting that.
How do we get dumb again?!
This. Apple is about “innovation” even when the innovation makes no fucking sense. Apple fan bois dgaf. They buy no matter how shit.
GNOG
Think of it like clothes sizes for your balls.
Thanks for the tip, bro
All Eurofags me included use it
It's from AH so no one's acted it yet.
Best idea so far
Agreed, I got lucky for sure, no investing genius here. But, wouldn’t you have said the same at $1M and cashed out and lost out on another $1.5M?
Bought 2k shares on the 5% dip friday no idea why it went down but i loaded up. Gonna sell half at 20 and ride the rest
Everyone keep bitching about it being a bubble. Yes, there’s no denying we are experiencing euphoria at the moment but in order for it to collapse there has to be some fundamental change in some contributing variable.

My question is what exactly is changing in the next 8-10 months? The Fed has made it clear QE will continue throughout this year at least and keep interest rates at 0 for the foreseeable future and the government is continuing to pursue additional stimulus measures... we may pop eventually but there is no reason not to continue riding the liquidity wave to the moon in the mean time.
Just a bunch of fucking deluded white boys chasing money
All fun and games until you unconsciously begin making decisions.
Retars
The original comment by the mod. In reddit there are these things called comment chains. Try to get up to speed on the entire discussion before inserting your wrong opinion
Is everyone who does DDs just selling hella options?
[deleted]
I feel like shorting them just because they want to play censor. 

DCA gave them immunity from liability not to be a publisher.
Umm, no deal fell through... Hyundai Motors doubled down to invest $87 billion into GOEV over 5 years.
No GE love?
Imagine buying fake internet change
Oh I always take caution of that when it comes to options but thanks brother wish you luck as well!
[removed]
I see. I didn’t see the post but I have been thinking about what defines pump and dump
We should screw with them. Get everyone for 1 hour to post as many “NIO to the moon!!!” Posts.
shorts were looking to cover when insider sells, but they didn't or didn't sell off all together. So price went up. I think that was what happened
im gunna buy brick of coke and some sluts and start a pimpin buisness
Doesn’t matter, it’s overbought right now. It’ll keep going up long term but right now it’s way overbought, weekly call buyers are going to go bankrupt soon
Subway is for sex offenders
And a big ol' cookie
Get high af and eat bomb Mexican food
25 cent army is out in full force boys
I don’t want some intern at Apple watching me eat Indian food and shitting my pants at the same time.
PEP 150c 20/01/15
To a concert full of deaf musicians.
According to a poll from Reuters, [Only 17% of protestors support independence and 67% oppose independence](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-hongkong-protests-poll-exclusive/exclusive-hong-kongers-support-protester-demands-minority-wants-independence-from-china-reuters-poll-idUSKBN1YZ0VK)
Is everyone who does DDs just selling hella options ?
It’s just hypervolatile shut the fuck up
[removed]
There's a post about it on r/robinhood or just google. They both speak Thursday.
You are full on retard. Holy fuck.
Don't worry you'll figure it out
Fellas, where the fuck is our 2k stimmy? Did we get finessed?
Me: Fuck the CCP

Also me: Woohoo NIO Baby!!
Where are your puts lmao. You can’t have a gaybear thesis without puts.
dude i was literally like pointing out how valuable this company will be
new strain found in japan. If some new strain comes up and its not effective with current vaccine LOL the fucking plunge we will see is gonna be like no other
[removed]
The actors won’t look methy enough I already am disappointed
This will help apple convince regulators that they are not too big!
Just some very attenuated logic to say people in this sub give a fuck about white people over Tesla puts lol 

I’ve literally seen people get ragged on harder for saying racist shit than anything else here
What’s happening Thursday?
Are you going to short NIO?
[deleted]
I can try sending it to you personally. Mod said it was removed because it was under a billion market cap. But so are 90% of the other spacs on here lol
Let us know what cream of Jack Ma tastes like.
Don't forget the retarted loss porn
This is so sketchy lol
It’s only the beginning.
holy shit am I late about that P S A C + Faraday Future rumor?
my apologies for interrupting the conversation, but would you mind to elaborate more about the proxy stocks? I just start to invest, mostly in ITFs but looking to diversify my portfolio, and have been thinking about investing in Chinese companies, but I'm kind of scared about this proxy stick system.  Appreciate your time.
1 at $25. Watch list shares op.
Who tf still watches the NBA
It’s hard to not hate myself every time I see another Tesla millionaire post
[deleted]
I bought in 2019
4 years ago lol
if you bought options you would be worth 40 millions now
Just edit the original post. It doesn’t ruin it.
Hello fellow redditor! Isn't china great!
Like hit their market cap? What happens then?
Reading charts and indicators
Got the original post/submission by them? Removed also

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kucf6r/chinese_autist_here_gonna_share_you_western/
Well they've infiltrated our government. It would surprise me if they weren't here.
[removed]
Just make sure they aren't cooked in gutter oil
To a concert full of deaf musicians.
[deleted]
Completely wrong. Like I said in my post, the biggest pop is going to be banking bill which should happen very soon.
MARA?
Not to mention OUR GOVERNMENT HAS BACKDOORS INTO EVERYTHING lmao people love to gloss over that
This has amplified NIO more than the OP did. Congrats I guess
gonna be bloody red on mondau
what’s TA?
[removed]
Anyone think that was the top on CRSP? Been long since 90, sold at 180 and bought back at 160. Didn’t get a chance to close any of my Positions before eod
not in germany, you get your new car from a parking lot in the woods and they really have to improve their qc
It really just depends on your strategy. ITM calls way safer just more $$$. OTM calls way riskier but less $$$.
But when it drops your premium will be gone and you’ll be chasing it while fighting a high theta but whatever. Hope you make a million.
Any other HYLN bagholders hoping that Biden is gonna safe their dumbass?
I’m all for NIO but unfortunately the history of sketchy practices by other Chinese companies leaves a storm cloud off to its side that could be thrusted over it at any moment by another Citron piece, delisting hysteria, or any hint of false reporting. 

While there’s no signs of this with NIO itself all you need is another LK incident and it would drag down the Chinese EV sector with it.

BABA is fuvking huge and look what’s been happening with it. 

TL;DR - Tread lightly with plays. I’d be going out a month at most.
Already +10 percent up on Lang und Schwarz!
[removed]
An hour of bears and -99% calls, when the age of bulls come crashing down. It is not this day.
Super well run company with the best financials youll ever see, but this sub complains about it being a boomer stock because itll never triple overnight lol
right now? where can i sign up?
Stock
sure if you like losing
The China xenophobia is reaching critical mass.
The bubble is made of impenetrable carbon nano fiber
Trying to make your boyfriend jealous?
In 2022 after tesla 13th stock split and when everyone made 200000%+ gains - why not sponsor them?
True Tesla tried it in 2013 apparently and it didn’t work
[deleted]
Wha shiww mean?
Yes, bless the Vale. I forgot
when isn't $BA red?
DD never said to buy January calls. You’re making shit up. It was always April.
calls on u/Dialupservice
Looks like all your DD posts on this one were removed. Too bad was planning on reading.
TA
As a certified financial advisor I advise you to buy $30k worth of VIX 30calls expiring on 22Jan. If you don’t have the financial resources ask your dad to put it where his mouth is
Not to mention the market loves a divided government anyway
So what’s wrong with a 🌈🐻 market? Does Reddit not like tie dye bandanas?
Last I checked I couldn't get their website to load
Did on on Friday at 870
I was expecting it, but got greedy and waited 1 day too long. Ill know better for next time.
Let's hope so.
Yeah, no one is speaking about a market crash, it is only a Tesla crash.
I really really want AMD to bounce $20 on CES news.
Imagine not buying the fake internet money dip 🤡
That guys pull out game is weak
Hi, I’m here for the Credit Anal
Ordering pork fried rice tn to celebrate our new Chinese overlords
Not tryna pump or anything but Sleepy Joe better deliver some tendies for my ICLN calls fr fr
maybe
Who gives a shit about privacy? likevreal talk? do you honestly give a shit if companies are spying on your cat emojies or memes you send to your friends on messenger/whatsapp whatever. unless ur a company with sensitive data (for which you wont use messenger lmao) then ur virtue signaling by caring
I would nut
That’s not how mafia works
Sounding real simple right now Bruh 😂

You have defeated me in the battlefield of ideas.
Put on NBA🏀 this season is gonna be messy, the teams with the most playable players gonna win🤡
Why was this deleted?
The guy with the NIO DD?
[deleted]
You want to YOLO on leaps
Cathie believes ARKG will outperform all ETFs and you are young. 

You can always do 50 50
Fuck no.
Honestly I’d rather not “sell” you on it. I have a lot of skin in it and I’d only recommend that you spend an hour or so researching it. 

https://ark-funds.com/wp-content/fundsiteliterature/holdings/ARK_GENOMIC_REVOLUTION_MULTISECTOR_ETF_ARKG_HOLDINGS.pdf

(They’ve bought 1.6 million shares in a month and kept adding last week even at 20 dollars a share)

https://sif.gatesfoundation.org/investments/butterfly-network/

If you end up making a lot of money from this just please remember me.
Yes
Sounds boring as f
So mad, stay broke.
I’m all in, I have only seen profit from GME
why are u more concerned about me than i am about me
Yes
Is mother Fucking GME day tomorrow after close? 

Tuesday we blast off?
Toyotas ssb will only be on the market in 2025, one of their electric cars will be on the market NOT USING THE SSB battery, i know, i heard about it, and ive searched for it. And also PE doesnt mean shit, people control the price in a free market, not some bullshit number of some corporate shill selling tips on discord or trying to pump and dumb. Apple has also been overpriced for a long while and yet beat the market consistently.
Nothing wrong about that dude’s dd. But many here care about whether NIO gonna moon tmw or not.
Is Boeing going red tomorrow?🤔
I got pissed off and bought puts ($13p 1/15) the other week when GME mooned to $20 cos I literally sold out the day before.   
I already wrote them off as a loss, but if you think GME will fall to $13 this week I'm not gonna complain!
buy puts yes
Thanks Dad. 

My positions:

1x TSLA 880c 1/2022 up 170%

1x TSLA 1000 1/21/2021 bought at close Fri
Ha, next you’ll tell me I didn’t mean to buy $ZOOM
how do you guys determine ideal strike prices? is it more worth it to buy one call closer to strike price or multiple calls that are cheaper but also more OTM?
[removed]
Put half my Christmas bonus into apple feb calls.. is everyone holding through earnings?
He is an insider and files a Form 4 now which he has 2 biz days to disclose any purchases.
mods r gay
I will say, the one thing sketching me out about NIO at this point is the weird “NIO is a lifestyle” thing. 

Oh, you have a clothing line, and...clubhouses? In your dealerships? With cafes that families kids hang out at? 

It’s not that I don’t believe this is possible, but this is the weird type of shit that Luckin Coffee claimed. Up until this point I haven’t been at all a fan of comparing LK and NIO because NIO has legitimate partnerships and what appears to be quality (and more importantly, *real*) products. I still have confidence in NIO, but it concerns me when all of a sudden these companies are suddenly saying they do so many different things.
Go all in on weeklies every week
Thoughts on SBE and GOEV?
Who do you think will play Via Getty?
Anyone think there’s still more room for it to run?
Let our powers combine. $ICLN!

$BB!

$PLTR!

$SPCE!

$PSTH!

By your powers combined, I am Captain Autist.

Go, Planet!!!
There is so much US propaganda in this sub. Why is that not a problem? Because you are a US citizen? Doooh!
got it. dip to 780 and then run up to 1000
Yeah right
Thanks!  I’ll have a follow.
[deleted]
With the amount of shit I see in this subreddit, I'm quite surprised no one had ever gotten to the top 10% richest by trading stock
Don't forget that 20k wealth-per-adult rate. That's gonna be great for sellin a 60k car.
[deleted]
“New evidence that U.K. coronavirus variant spreads more easily has scientists really worried”

So bullish.
Pre-Reverse Split Americans? :/
Brutal.
Shitcock Holmes, I presume
Galaxy the next generation coming to theatres near you
I bought 4000 Jan 2022 and sold 4000 jun 2021. I have no doubt amazon will rise but stay under 4000 by then so hoping for that sweet premium and gains
Just troll people and make fun of them for their inconsistencies with their beliefs.
Thank you for your service
My 60c 2/19 would love this
I truly believe it will hit 1000 this year, however you got so much that is now just digits. You should take out at least 10% to live that comfortable life and do what feels best with the rest
As a side question, do you mind expanding on the customers that buy NIO. What do you think is the income they make and whether they would fall in “upper middle class” or “rich”?
Link?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tell that to the CCP.
Shot on an iPhone 4.
[removed]
Interesting! I know it’s anecdotal, but these comments are helpful.

I regularly hear from people in other areas of USA who can’t understand how EV is growing because all they see are F150s. Meanwhile I definitely see more Teslas than trucks (of any make) since they’re just too big & impractical for city driving/parking.
As you wish retard.
Not good for investors because as I said, Americans arent buying Chinese junk cars.

&#x200B;

"What the heck are you doing on wsb then"  This thread was on the front page of Reddit, chump.  What are you doing, investing in some Chinese interment camp and getting some good ol' dividends?  Fuck outa here.
[removed]
GME and chinastocks are ruining this place

Feels like most people moved to discord
oh shit thanks for the warning lol... Maybe I will wait for the week after hahaha
hey man, i'm right there with you. i can't understand why any would give a fuck about parlor not to mention you can still access it just not through a stupid app,  but a 50/50 chance of knee jerk reaction on monday.
so it was 28 cents per contract then
I am new to investing. 

Is this stock or options?
Don’t know how much you guys like football/soccer but the New York Red Bulls should be the official team for this sub.
yes, some highly trained ex navy seals mercs kidnapping him and demanding a kings ransom
So are we still playing NIO the next week? Have mixed feelings because you should "sell the news" blablabla. And options are expensive.
[deleted]
> millions of women of an ethnic group

the ICE issues are repugnant but not comparable to the perpetuation and institution of a complete ethnic cleansing/genocide
Lived in China for 3 years and never saw the NIO cult like following he described at all. The average Chinese male millennial loves Elon Musk though! 🚀🚀🚀 加油伊隆马斯克! 🚀🚀🚀
Ok, dick comment aside...

Based on literally no DD - just a bit of TA - I would not be surprised if it pulls back a little over the next week down to 34-35 range. After that it's anyone's guess 🤷‍♂️

How much higher can this run go? It's got 3 clear legs, will it have a fourth? How much more parabolic can it go?

Either way, I hope you are already bought in and have mad gains, and have your trigger finger ready on the sell button. Good luck!
You just got back from 15 day ban lol. You better chill before the mods go wild.
Footlong-Redbull
Don’t ask, don’t tell
What’s move for bank earnings on Friday?
NIO is garbage
Congrats.  CRSP has been mooning.
Okay first of all what does the rainbow mean and who is Sherman?
[removed]
70% on leaps 30% on yolos
Already priced in.

I am in LEAPs of XOM because we are still 15 years from. Peak demand and will hit peak supply much sooner. Also, everyone seems to think we can legislate away reality and it's a bargain right now.
Ask the guys at r/buildapcforme
Some of the clips that have come out this weekend are buck wild
Should I buy NIO tomorrow?
We ll know in a few hours
Let these CCP shills know we know they're here and they're not that clever.
teslar?
We don’t invest in KFC we invest in colonel sanders
i know! that was fun on friday.  my 34c and 45c for jan2022 rose nicely while the underlying slipped.  these are wicked. buying $30k more tmrw, already have 50k
👁👁👁 no debate smH raw red onions and butter chicken slaps if you ever get it try it.
funny vid :) however…

by the end of the month, current estimates are that 40% of the us population will have either had covid or the vaccine. By the end of feburary that number is highly likely to be north of 50% Rt (reproduction rate for all my tards out there:) will be in free fall as we approach the end of spring due to its rapidly declining addressable market and seasonal effects.

that being said, we will certainly be dealing with the psychological and economic aftermath for the rest of the year, at least. but you know what they say… creative destruction. :P
And you'll sell CCs?
So like, are the mods gonna address the chinaposting situation on this sub? 

Kinda sucks that my favorite online community is being ruined by shills
That's why I only eat double cheeseburgers
How you doing that on a sunday
Finally! A sub that won't just ignore their existence and ban anyone that says anything about them
[deleted]
Only if it doesn’t work
[deleted]
Good write up, I was thinking the same. I will still buy a few shares though.
That was very nice of them to say they were CCP in the title

I wonder how many who didn't are still here
So  looking at what Cathy is buying i don't think i can do better. 

Is it smart to diversify 70% of portfolio on various ARK etfs and use 30% to buy ARK leaps?
Lol just making sure bro.
I’m hoping ICLN hits $40 this week and PLUG $60
More like a cold for me.  But the smell and taste thing is not cool.  Wife had bronchitis at the same time.. little man just had a small cough.
[deleted]
i just want to know if this is true 

[https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1GCEA\_enUS774US774&sxsrf=ALeKk03UgzZBPWzS6\_iWM94mmmSnCBjTeQ%3A1610307231949&ei=n1b7X6ylOY2q5NoPoeiH6Ak&q=taser+himself+capitol&oq=taser+himself+capitol&gs\_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQAzIICAAQyQMQxAI6CQgAEMkDEA0QHjoICAAQDRAFEB46CAgAEAgQDRAeOgcIABDJAxADOgUIABCRAjoHCAAQFBCHAjoCCAA6BggAEAoQAzoFCAAQsQM6CAgAELEDEIMBOgUIABDJAzoFCAAQxAI6BggAEBYQHjoICAAQFhAKEB5Qri1Yg0Vg3UVoAHAAeAGAAZgCiAHnE5IBBzExLjExLjGYAQCgAQGqAQdnd3Mtd2l6wAEB&sclient=psy-ab&ved=0ahUKEwjs8Kf0jZLuAhUNFVkFHSH0AZ0Q4dUDCA0&uact=5](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1GCEA_enUS774US774&sxsrf=ALeKk03UgzZBPWzS6_iWM94mmmSnCBjTeQ%3A1610307231949&ei=n1b7X6ylOY2q5NoPoeiH6Ak&q=taser+himself+capitol&oq=taser+himself+capitol&gs_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQAzIICAAQyQMQxAI6CQgAEMkDEA0QHjoICAAQDRAFEB46CAgAEAgQDRAeOgcIABDJAxADOgUIABCRAjoHCAAQFBCHAjoCCAA6BggAEAoQAzoFCAAQsQM6CAgAELEDEIMBOgUIABDJAzoFCAAQxAI6BggAEBYQHjoICAAQFhAKEB5Qri1Yg0Vg3UVoAHAAeAGAAZgCiAHnE5IBBzExLjExLjGYAQCgAQGqAQdnd3Mtd2l6wAEB&sclient=psy-ab&ved=0ahUKEwjs8Kf0jZLuAhUNFVkFHSH0AZ0Q4dUDCA0&uact=5)
Wait you guys aren't CCP?
Oh, I'm really glad to help! Options can be really tricky. Theres a lot of inside out stuff and weird strategies with options that you just learn with experience . It's a hobby for a lot of us, just try not to go overboard because greed is truly a terrible emotion. 

&#x200B;

It would be nice to build a small community of like minded swiss people working out trading. What part of Switzerland you from?
Fuck the CCP.
i've been seeing ccp shills a lot in here and amd_stock.  they're probably all over financial subs.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Endor - Pump It Up          ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRGIrrjuLYA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRGIrrjuLYA)⠀►►⠀ 1:40 / 2:31 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
and gravy
I only have WhatsApp installed to talk to people outside the US so you all figure out what you’re going to use and let me know what stupid app I have to download to talk to you instead of using text messages the normal way
[removed]
Damn, I saw that post and it made me think I should have held. I guess I should have spotted it.
>psth

probably the rumour that they are going for Chick fill a
[removed]
CHYNA NUMBA WONNNNNNNN
Yeah okay...
It’s been raised ~40 times in 90 years. Somehow this imagined catastrophe has been dodged every time. Weird.
Or maybe just $140K which would be a very conservative pricing
To address what a company gains by going the SPAC route: the company gets an instant injection of $5-7B for a percentage and price that THEY specify. They aren’t at the mercy of the ridiculous ipo process. Then that company is taken public and the market prices the shares at a certain value for a year or two. Then the company can see what the market will pay for shares and they can sell off the private shares at that price, introducing more shares at the same price point into the market.

The benefit of having a bigger SPAC means more immediate money for a specified portion of the company and a broader test of the shares on the market. 

It’s a great way for companies and private investors to avoid mispricing IPOs like so many companies have
[deleted]
Bigger them people storming the capital?

Old people just sit around and worry and think the sky is falling.

Tell him to grow a pair and that stonks only go up.
alexa play pump it up
[deleted]
For me not just with tesla any contract I would sell it a week before expirations. Always well reward unless you see it on its way sinking down thats when u have to sell it right Way
It’s cause his DD was copy paste. Openly pumper
lol we get to ride this down again! don't worry if we hit a Circuit breaker, just buy puts
[deleted]
As long as they bring dumplings they are welcomed with open arms.
CCP walk into the sea!
CCP walk into the sea! 
CCP walk into the sea!
I think the only proper response would be to say "Fuck China", and every time a CCP stock shows up in this subreddit it gets shorted into oblivion.
if it gets lower because of that im loading up
I wonder if Pelosi knew about the Solarwinds hack before she bought CRWD. I’m sure it was just dumb luck
So true
I have a build redux and it’s been awesome
What if I told you that the republic was now under the control of a dark lord of the sith?
Yeah! I have a bunch of Nio stock. I admit it. I’ve made 100k off Nio. But I also believe in the company and want other people to make money too. I want a green planet and want Nio to succeed. This century belongs to China. Get in or get lost.
Disagree just means the money is bein redistributed to people and projects that need it
[deleted]
The strategy stays the same whether its 1 contract or 100. More people here should do this to build capital but they're to busy YOLOing their money on meme calls.
[deleted]
to the moon baby
I feel like all nationalities should be welcome here, so I'm not sure why you favor just the greeks. Italians make fine investors too. So rude.
Agreed but that’s not really an explanation LOL. Just trying to help a brother autist out.

Also it helps if you can’t afford 100 shares of a stock to buy them with exercising an option that’s ITM and then just sell enough to cover. You basically end up with a few shares for free. But you gotta get lucky on that LOL.
[deleted]
I wouldn’t recommend this. It doesn’t even matter who’s in office at this point. 8 months of rioting and a capitol break in and the markets went up basically the whole time.
Lol. F
Finally someone worth debating! Lmao
that is how a simp feedback loop works.

1. a few people start simping ordinary girl

2. ordinary girl starts to gain more confidence

3. confidence elevates her simp status

4. simp levels increase, increasing her confidence, and so on..
Isn't it a chick show though
Iv is 149%.  Should I jump in?
that almost always means we're going up

Bigley
What, you want 10 months of brokerage statements?  You can check my post history.

I started buying this in April with an average basis of $2.72, and have been in and out of it several times since.

Most recently, I sold 30,000 shares at $21.85 and bought them back at $17.40 and $17.25.

I'm also short TSLA at $714 and plan on adding to my position tomorrow.
[deleted]
VTI or SPY is your best option
What is this autistic shit. Why didn’t you put out two bowls of feed and see which one he eats from.
bubble hasn't even started dumbas
He was glorifying ccp and bullshit.
This guy is so manly he revokes man cards.
Well, count me as retarded because I didn't understand a single term you used.
I always thought the appeal was that she didn't look that good (in a conventional sense) and so part of the appeal was that she seemed more "obtainable" to the losers who simp her? 

But then saying she looks "so good" is a part of the simping process so I would say you're probably already a simp.
You can cash out anytime you want.
Apple pie is Russian.
What about it ?
Nio at $59>tsla $4500
Donate 15k to me and I give you $12.5k back. Win win.
[deleted]
Buying ARKG because if anyone can make Pokémon real it’s Cathie
No one cares about whatever shitty stream you have. Also fuck the CCP and any moron that supports/advocates for them.
Eat half a loaf of bread before you go out
Hey OP! First of all, congrats brother! Here's a resource I have been following for TSLA. He's pretty accurate. Use him. 

https://twitter.com/CryptoKaleo/status/1347595259375706115?s=19

Check out his previous posts aswell.
Many of us are non-merican. Wall st takes money from anyone.
Who the fuck even uses WhatsApp
[deleted]
Yes. Because your government is engaged in an ethnic cleansing of a portion of their population. So they can kindly go fuck themselves. 

Also, where is Jack Ma?
[deleted]
Man all these GME DD's and dumb posts are getting annoying. I used to enjoy coming to this sub, now all I see is you retards bag holding and shilling shit GME.
Sooo don’t go long on NIO? Listen to the commie or no
Coke. Haven’t you ever watched the Denzel pilot movie?
Don’t buy shit I’m going to do the same tmrw morning. Buying 1020c 1/15. I sole move any stock in the negative for the week every time i buy in. This is the way.
You belong here
I tried signal but it glitched out hard trying to sync contacts so no privacy for me
Fucking hilarious.
It's a crazy market when people literally believe they can't lose money on weeklies lol TSLA gonna keep going up 10% a day until the stock market breaks cuz it can't display that high of a price.
^ this plus avocado if you have any
Any suggestions on a sold desktop for under 2.5k?
Anyone else watch Bridgerton on Netflix? This shit is good
Best reply
crazy that there is actually some intelligence in here now
i think they banned him because he was a shill spreading DD that he stole from a CNBC youtube video comment
it’s artificial and it doesn’t add to the median, it’ll raise the average and that’s it. 

It’s pseudo capitalism and does nothing that it claims it does. 

The answer is to promote growth. A stagnant GDP brings everyone’s wealth down but the top.
Where u been. We been simping for AOC in this house
[removed]
The Coke or Jesus Christ?
Are you the NIO shiller?   

  
#Post your positions and ban
Link?
[deleted]
It’s basically the physical manifestation of r/TeslaMotors. Tesla never has to spend a cent advertising because it has such a strong community of brand loyal customers. NIO is trying to achieve that level of free word of mouth by building a community via clubhouses. 

However, judging by how much WSB spams about them, maybe NIO already has all the word of mouth it needs.
Diluted, but it ran 40% on Friday LOL. It can run. You just need to play the play and sell at the top.
They actually do. About 80%. There was a survey. Especially now, that there government can handle something like a pandemic real good and bring wealth toward the majority of their population and actually create a middle class instead of feeding it to the rich... married to one. Lived there. But you real some stuff online... you will know better
[deleted]
SWBI pump was great
lol what? Link?
🤦‍♂️ you incompetent donkey
prize? wat?
I guess I am unclear on the differentiation between “good“ and “bad“ pump and dump. Isn’t all stock trading just trying to get in on what stocks are being buzzed about? Isn’t apple a big pump with everyone talking about what they like about it? And if you never take profits i.e. dump then you’re not a good investor. I just think the whole stock market is built on buzz and I’m not clear on when that becomes bad.  on this post it seems like Americans talking about Tesla is ethically OK but Chinese people talking about Nio is not OK for some reason.
Hyundai and GM already have a 4 Billion deal to codevelop a driverless car. So is this an Apple-Hyundai-GM deal? If so, does $NKLA fit in to this overall plan?
Yours
UVXY
I did the same a week or so ago. Have more than doubled my money in that time.
buy the dip
[deleted]
So we all ditching WhatsApp for Signal for real?
When bubbles pop they don’t fall... they disappear...
You can do autopay on CC but you get a discount only if it’s autopay from bank
[deleted]
I remember when 15% run ups weren't the norm lol
Nigga what i have to lose i spent 4k for 4 contracts now im up 900 and expire on the 29th i have good feeling for this coming week
[deleted]
[deleted]
Always has been.
[deleted]
HAHAHAHAHAHAH MY BAD
Vix call
Barrons with a hit piece on the whole market... wtf?!
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
tsla puts or acknowledging the majority race has a serious lack of self-awareness

pick one
Wow I'm watching footage of the capitol riot and I can't believe these people. There's definitely going to be a movie about this.
[deleted]
[removed]
Foot long?
Weak ass printer, just buy bonds directly.
Gotchu bruv
Stop drinking twisted tea
Says the guy that makes over 100 posts a day, mostly telling people to buy nio in /r/stocks
HAHAHAHAHAHAH MY BAD
This right here, this is exactly how I feel. People need to see this and the sooner they understand, the sooner they will realize that you stand to make a fortune or even trade this company for next 1-2 years and crush it.

NIO 59 1/29
NIO 58 1/29
[deleted]
But NO ONE GIVES A FUCK about US market. If US market was so amazing, why would Papa Musk try to squeeze his way into Asian sector? Meaning that anything that becomes trend in China automatically blows up and prints tendies.
Vix call, spy puts, swbi rgr vsto bgfv calls, maybe aaxn dgly call, maybe xar
[removed]
No point if it’s not a 10 bagger
you’re losing money this many times during a bull market? That’s means you haven’t learn your lesson, so no stimmy for you
A haven for those who wish never to be found.
[deleted]
Deflation bad, unless if it's deflation in cost of labor.
Buy some BA puts for short term but buy the stock too for a bargain. Love buying on weakness 
Once J&J releases vaccine information Monday during JPM healthcare day all travel will moon!
BA puts and then calls hour later
[deleted]
Mashed potatoes
>I'm getting downvote botted 

By who? What are their account names?!!!
WSB literally just banned a dude cause he was openly Chinese
Can I have 5k?
China rules
Plane that crashed is even lower
smart
Jan 2022
Sounds like bs to me talk to customer service
The second Shitcon bubble looks like its currently getting ready to burst. Wonder what other bubbles will be bursting this week 🕵🏻‍♂
GME is my largest holding since the Q3 earnings and I only increased the position over time. This badboy is going to explode in the coming months, but there will be a lot of volatility ahead, for sure. 

Its going to be a bumpy ride until we reach tendie town.
Which is only a problem when you post revenue of 500m / year. 



Oh also it’s a 4 year contract so the CEO salary is locked in mate.


Also the CEO seems to know about cloud as much as ... I dont have an example. 

But let’s just say there isn’t a solid track record of strong Tech companies led by people who don’t have a technical background.
What about Ev car company BYD?
[deleted]
Kinda like my wifes big mushy ass
Trees are tight
Bad symptoms, or more like a cold?
I AM THE LORAX
This is dey whey
Missing flight
It’ll be .ru soon enough
[Biden actually was the dove in the Obama administration, though](https://www.vox.com/2015/8/4/9094341/Biden-dove-Hillary-hawk)
Smith and Wesson.
Geeez how bad is it
Because mine expire on jan 29th so and I have good feeling with it this coming week too bruh
I’ll take one PSTH meatball sub thank you Bill.
If the care isn't called the Hyundai iTunes Sonata they are fucking up.
We just raised it. 

And it led to layoffs and hours being reduced. Along with some businesses going under. 

It doesn’t work and to do so in this environment is asking to bring down the deck. Everything is propped up as is through forgivable loans and moratoriums right now. 

The mega corps will be fine. 

Not the little guys.
Haha I’m honestly very fine. I just hate losing money to a bookie and would rather feel like it’s ~invested~. I know if I put this in r/personalfinance everyone would tell me to buy AT&T and DIS
Zofran and Pedialyte
I think when amazon had a share price of 300 its pe was much higher
Oh I get it, it happened in Russia in the nineties - after foreign money started flowing in, the oligarchs took out most minority shareholders with shenanigans approved by the state. What I meant was, it doesn't seem it would make sense to pull the plug now or anytime soon. There have to be plenty more companies they have that could bait foreign investors into giving away their money. Then again, noone learned their lesson after Luckin Coffee so maybe it will happen sooner rather than later.
Watching the WAP music video for the 10000th time bro?
So....NIO not going to the moon?  Damn.
I think WSB MODS must be on one LONG ass bender. 

Cuz, no one has told them that Christmas is over and Rudolf the Red Nosed Tesla needs to go back in the box until next year.
God AOC looks so good, I think I’m gonna simp her too now
Sleep
I'm getting puts for after the next lockup, staying away for now as i know how it likes to pump randomly lol
That’s fucking retarded lol why would you hold that?
Excuse me sir, can I have some more?
I cannot believe how fucking crazy this sub is now lol
Wow I’m rooting for you hard! You got this!
Just listen to Jack Ma here......wait, Jack?
Are they going to be red?
At least you can claim stock losses on your tax return
why BA puts??? shits already low
Nothing before inauguration
[deleted]
You can and that’s what I’m doing now.
The Luke CGI was better.
Yo, can NIO run to $100 tm? Thanks
When does the logical version of this logic come out
Their future expansion plans.
2B euro investment in Germany for 100GWh capacity
3x 2B$ investment in China across 3 cities with >100GWh capacity
5B$ investment in Indonesia (they have nickel deposits for high-end battery
2B$ investment in R&D for next generation battery tech. 

They are spending more in next 5 years than they spent since they came into existence. Big customers like Tesla, BMW, Mercedes, Volkswagen, NIO, Li Auto, etc.
Source “Trust me bro”
Flair checks out
this is the way
[Biden was the Dove in the Obama administration, though](https://www.vox.com/2015/8/4/9094341/Biden-dove-Hillary-hawk)
[deleted]
Pickle juice
me in all of 2020: "buy GME calls"

WSB: "you are a retard"

&#x200B;

me now: "GME might not go to $50-$100"

WSB: "you are a retard"

&#x200B;

ok bro
Pickle juice.
I'm not betting on gamestop, I'm betting on the person. That person being RC, and he's gonna make a bunch of us some extra spending cash.
baconeggcheesesaltpepperketchup
How is OP paying 40% in tax?
keep drinking retard
[deleted]
 No mention of immigration? None? Not even the word? Jesus.

Also, inflation has been very low for decades and the rise in housing is offset by interest rates being low.

I also love the graph that does nothing to explain a possible relation.

This reads like an undergraduate essay that vomits up a bunch of bullshit while lacking the ability to think critically about it.

D-
At some point in human history, a person was walking around, saw a dead animal on the ground and was the first to think "i'm going to eat this." before there was even fire.

Fast-forward and that same mentality leads to dumping your life savings into a company you have no idea what it does.
you are preaching to the choir
[deleted]
It's State Capitalism. It's why the PRC isn't 'Communist' anymore than NK is, though NK took a Militarist-Autarkic route, and mind you that might change if Un wants it to change - the PRC took on capitalism under control of the party writ mass with some liberalization. They don't give a damn about the workers, or unions, or public ownership of capital...but they do like m o n e y.
Are the earning the 4th February
I heard we can get robinhood to sponsor the trip
How does higher minimum wage result in a decreased median wage?
ICLN gang save the fucking trees and shit
me in all of 2020: "buy GME calls"

WSB: "you are a retard"

&#x200B;

me now: "GME might not go to $50-$100"

WSB: "you are a retard"

&#x200B;

ok bro
Lisa has a CES presentation on Tuesday so not a bad idea. And amd has been flat for a while.
Sky high 🚀
No way this ends well. Stop gambling....just invest what you were used to losing each week.
ATT 10x better. My Verizon bill was 120 and service was horrendous. ATT is 85 and lightning fast.
yeah exactly, will prob just get a 2-3% dip
MFW some autists on reddit do more to protect my fragile mind from propaganda than my own government...

A toast of tendies to you all!
This is what's holding me back from trying this play.
[deleted]
I'd be sweating bullets, why didn't you close out Friday?
I DONT WANT TO HER IT. CONFIRMATION BIAS POSTS ONLY PLEASE
Really?
the condemn them and upvote my edginess

ty brother
That’s what their website says. You can’t enroll in autopay plus pay with your credit card for some reason.
Futures
You should have kept the post up so we could shame all the retards who believed it to be real
Be careful they'll send someone to jump out of your next bowl of rice and put a cap in your ass.
Nio calls and Boeing puts at Open is the way right?
Tell him to ask your mom's boyfriend.
>TSLA (daddy Elon brings the tendies) 💎💎💎💎💎


TSLA is already acknowledged for being ridiculously overpriced though
You drew that equivalence when you said this: 

>Tbf, I can’t believe it with Americans either.

You need to qualify that it's much worse with the CCP or everyone will think you're another GenZDong astroturfing retard since everyone there unironically believes that. Unfortunately it's not common sense that the CCP is worse than America like cancer is with raw onions because of tankies like them.
⚠️ this statement has been verified by medical experts
Ban this cuck too
Seeing your logic here... I think its decent but I moved from US away from retards like you for one reason: " 'MERICA, FUCK YAH' - this just doesn't work anymore. A lot more things involved in ever evolving world economy. Think about this, if you want to buy luxury sedan, whats the first thing you think about ? I'm going to tell you : "Mercedes or BMW" since leather in Fords is complete shit, so is leather in GM cars, there is a reason people buy German and not American. Just like that, I busted your "theory".   


Now, lets take a closer look at demographic that NIO is targeting, China and Asian sector.   
US population 250m, while Asian Sector 3B.... Logic does the rest (if you have that)   
With Chinese Gov support, NIO will blow doors of local EV market, they just have to up the production speed and learn off Tesla's mistakes. Now that we've reached you max brain capacity from previous two paragraphs, check this out: MySpace vs Facebook.   


PS: I do not own any NIO atm nor Tesla. My decision is not biased but based on facts and current market situation. Sit the fuck down boomer
Seeing FIRE mentioned In WSB is this years biggest surprise
 The next person to give me a melon award will receive sexy feet pics
KFC isn’t just a fried chicken company and you’re ignorant if you think it is
1 860p 1/15 @32
1 850p 1/15 @24

Wish me luck
There isn't any. Some people just like pushing subway
TSLA
Pennystonk rockets have a habit of exploding in low orbit in my experience...
[deleted]
STPK
Lol imagine thinking tesla is going to drop its at what 880 before earnings now imagine when Musk mentions the slightest thing about progress for full self driving on the earnings call
Browns +6 and ArkG leaps
I’m new to this, Nio isn’t a buy? Lol
Look at spactrack.net to find out
That’s called bias and everybody is going to have some. If your bias makes you think I’m wrong, I’m sorry. But if you look at exit polls and then take mail voting into account, more white people are on the side of logic and reasoning than you give us credit for. And believe it or not, not ALL trump voters are diehard conspiracy theorists. A lot, but not all.
Is there a way I can still read that post? OP here claims it was good DD and I like reading good DD
Wife and son caught it. Baby spread to a few of her friends and fam before we had any symptoms. Just got off quarantine. Taste and smell slowly returning
And never changes
[deleted]
You’re right. He same Bruh that is accusing people of being spoiled brats, dumb, detached from reality, and simple is the one coming off as knowledgeable and stoic.
We still pumping Stripe bae.
The market has moved on from Trump
yup
Who’s your dad? Pence?
yes
See this is the kind of sensible shit he is exactly concerned with
Just bought 10c 3/19 calls. Apparently there's a lawsuit settlement in their favor. idk
Chinese Elon must smoke weed with Rogan first for more rocket ships.
Real Autist
Tesla 820c up 900% now and im holding it thru the weekend. Kinda nervous but oh well anything comes with the risk rewarded well :)
One reply to this has the reason just click the link.  In short, the poster had no history in WSB, but a small history in a marxists chinese sub. It was deemed propaganda
fREEEEEEEEdom
But I have no beliefs
Why couldn’t you
🎵 nothing on mah skin, that’s my new plaaaaaaaan 🎵
Dude what lol
Are you ok? Lol
[deleted]
Check out the post history on this guy defending the ccp
Can we please not use the word retard to call someone stupid. I know not many people think it’s offensive but I assure you it is.
I sold my 890 1/15 on Friday too
Yea i can see the questionable aspect of it now. Was thinking that people may have overreacted to a shill on NIO. But hey if youtube, facebook, google and etc are banned in China why cant we remove a questionable post by a questionable account
[deleted]
I'm pretty sure there was less than 2 dicks in the original version
God speed
Where is the CCP stock on robinhood?! I can't find it. And do I buy calls or puts?
Yup. They look to add another relief package once Biden gets into office and considering another one in March, apparently. Honestly, the way this pandemic and recession is going, I wouldn’t be surprised if they add more than that this year.
I held through earnings, its going to moon. 2/19 20C
if the dems weren’t locking down the economy, we would be. 

See China.
It has to give at some point. 

They keep on popping out a quarter Toyota or a whole GM on a daily basis when it comes to market cap.
I believe he means pussy lips so that way the joke works as well..
Very sorry to hear that they went through that. Glad they are doing better
We know.
1/15/2021
I’ll try it if I can find them
The difficult truth is that you can't win.

The CCP has literally bottomless effort to apply to their goal. This subreddit relies on volunteers just noticing such things and calling them out, and for all of you to then recognize that he's right and do something about it.

You have to be perfect everytime, they just need to slip a 1 in 100 through.
USA!
[deleted]
Sooo... NIO calls anyway?
Lmao what’s the news?
Not only will there be calls for a regulation but There’ll be increased amount of people looking to get out before any potential disruption on inauguration day
Me too bro
Only getting better at this point
Arent there people in Russia that outright love Putin and think hes great, legit won "elections" and so on?

In b4 im a Russian shill
GME to the moon
virginity is a state of mind
It's funny you say Microsoft, because their Windows phone was also a horrible flop. 

Dell is primarily known for their monitors now, hell I didn't even know they used to make phones.

I think the only competition to Tesla will be the Apple car, and whatever China can come up with using it's massive state backed power.

Europe hasn't had a single software tech based innovation for the last 15 years.
1/27
[deleted]
if you ever saw me/my stream youd know how stupid of a comment that was. Grow up
Guys my uncle is a counselor at Coinbase and he says buy the dip
Good riddance commiecuck, this sub is for autists and retards ONLY!
I downvoted you and then read your name and then upvoted you..  carry on.
NYC would be epic
SoftBank SPAC SVFA U listed on Friday i think but its not yet on RH...pissed
Tbh it sounds like you have a gambling problem you are trying to rationalize and this will not end well.

But I'm not your mom, so $TSLA 2/19 $950C
It takes a while in WSB before someone is retarded enough to simp for Nio
Bro linking one article over and over isn’t going to influence the market or changes anyone’s minds, except your maybe.
Damn, most of my money was tied up on Friday so I only was able to add 1 more MT 3/18 $26 contract. Y’all think it will dip again in the future soon before the big run up the week before earnings? Or should I should start buying come Monday. I’ve got more money to add now but not sure if I should go balls deep Monday or wait
Exactly... pumping this shit stock.
Mom was A symptomatic. Grandma and Uncle were both in ICU for two weeks. Doing better now. Very scary two weeks for the family.
My bestest friend IRL is deep into GME so I hope you’re right
[deleted]
I’m retarded.
Hyundai is one of the few vertically integrated car manufacturers. They not only produce their own cars, but most of the components including the steel (Hyundai is one of the largest steel suppliers in the world iirc). This partnership probably has as much to do with manufacturing capacity as it has to do with technology.
Just looked at one site and "aged" reddit accounts were going for ~$50 to $300.
Maybe Trump can sell small AM transistors to his followers. He can then bring back all the nostalgia of how America used to be great.
Scientists and scholars have long pondered this. No one knows.
I’m preparing for a full on implosion. 

The central banks have ZERO left in their arsenal. 

We are facing full on hyperinflation scenario. 

The dems controlling all branches of government (SC won’t do shit), is the nail in the coffin on this debt cycle. 

Metals and puts are the only way forward come Q4
I'll admit it: I'm addicted to those little breakfast dumplings.  The shrimp ones are the best.
TSLA 750p 1/15
Yeah, well, I've already banked over $1m in GME over the last 10 months through a combination of buying and selling and using puts and covered calls at opportune times.

But, what the fuck do I know.  I should just be buying way OOTM calls on TSLA, because it's going to $10,000, right?
Nah, I'm not so sure. He owns 13% @ 80Mil. 

That's peanuts for someone with what? min 3B? He has a lot of apple shares and those went up a fair bit since he bought. 

Guesstimating, the guy wants at least 25% for some decent reward on refloating the company.
psth was projected to grab some well-developed, mature tech unicorn and all it’s getting is failed brick and mortar restaurants LMAO
Certainly
My government doesn't have 3 million  people in a concentration camp. Don't care if youre Chinese, one of my best friends is from China. But if youre Chinese and you actually like your government, youre a brainwashed piece of shit.
Was considering switching to Verizon from T-Mobile. I hear you can’t setup autopay and pay with your credit card? U.S. Bank Cash+ gives me 5% back on my phone bill.
Buy long term SQQQ calls. You can’t lose
I feel legitimately retarded for selling my spy calls Friday and buying outs.
I see red and green - means it could go up, sideways or down.
[deleted]
I don’t even see those dates
Raising the minimum wage has never caused what you are claiming going back almost 100 years and 40 instances.
Raw onions and Indian food slap
Tell her to invest in ICLN and TAN

Edit: also make sure you donate some tendies to charity
What's in 4 hours?
Awesome DD....I was in anyway, but I’ll load up more starting tomorrow
Nah
The majority said buy shares, but WSB can't really resist the options
Open firefox. Type "wa", press down arrow, hit enter. That is the extent of my internet usage.
As if being a Tankie isn't grounds enough for ban
chaos cause TSLA 1k and we all missed out cause Pre-Market
People like you are the problem, always trying to time it to get the best deal... IF we all just stood strong and held everything no matter what, Melvin would run out of runway so fast and it would be over. But instead, you keep selling then buying to save a buck and it just makes it harder to get a squeeze. Learn to just hold the line.
$35 safe, $38 gamble, $40 retard betting
[deleted]
Jokes aside, most probably not.
How many in % users do you think twitter lost due to the trump thing?
Their equivalent of tendies.
$140 EOW
How far out you lookin?
Can pennystonks be rockets?
You’re overvaluing the American market, other coutures exist bro.
Let's test whether WSB has been infiltrated by CCP. Let's all post videos from the ChinaUncensored  YouTube channel and see if they get downvoted: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEHdUP-RBHo&ab\_channel=ChinaUncensored](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEHdUP-RBHo&ab_channel=ChinaUncensored)
People need to do their research. Too much anti-China propaganda on here. Starting to sound like Trump. Nio is a reputable company with audits by reputable firms. They have plans to expand internationally and will have to comply with Europe regulations when they do. Not everything from China is automatically evil. Watch the PBS/60 minutes videos on YouTube. Do your own DD!
His replies are full of CCP propaganda, fuck the CCP
Don't let West Taiwan hear you say that
UwU loving an oppressive dictatorship to own the Americans UwU
Wetarded?
Any red day that I think has good long term potential is a sale for me
[deleted]
This might work as she is now going on about the environment, think this is prime opportunity to bring up TSLA and GOEV
Which has nothing to do with the point that there's no *way* of knowing that there is resistance at $33.
[deleted]
[deleted]
can't wait to buy Some TSLA fds this week, if history proves correct... it just keeps going up!
I'm caught off guard by literally every variable imaginable
DD posts on r/wallstreetbets

Blind leading the blind.
What makes you say that?
You belong here retard
I think America is better, but they did sterilize minority women in ICE facilities...
What about that moron /u/FeistyHelicopter3687 ??
America fuck yeah
Ik this isn’t helpful because I have no idea when the Tesla train will end BUT i would say it’s movement is almost entirely comprised of the MM’s hedging obligations on the calls you autists buy.  When the drop happens MM’s will be forced to sell their hedges into the decline.
With the warrant benefit and Ackman taking no founder shares, this gives psth investors the opportunity to get in on comparable or even better terms than private investors. Whereas in other spacs, the SPAC investors are starting down about 20% due to founder shares
That is a good question.. at least I could read the article before it was deleted.. very interesting point of view.. but would really like to know the reason why it was deleted. 🙄
Yes
Buy Tesla calls if you tryna make $
[deleted]
GME Gang doesn’t need deserters on the squad
Thanks
WSB 2021 meet up in Tulum.  Who's all in?
Smart answer: no options, put it all in ARKG

Retarded: All in ARKG Leaps
EOM 

I’m expecting a good bump this week— earnings of vaccines this week willProbably pump genomics indirectly.
More like a countdown to next week's rocket-coaster ride 📈📉🎢🚀🚀🌚
ICLN EOW prediction?
If I dont make at least one comment here that doesnt get -15 karma, I wasnt really trying that day. Welcome to WSB
Over/under 54 aint looking too good rn
Proof or ban
So, NIO still 🚀🚀?
Buy shares and 👐💎
I can’t wait until this thread is absolute chaos in about 4 hours
How about now?
Thinking of throwing 10k on  45c ICLN leaps? Thoughts?
Don’t buy Chinese stocks. Don’t support China y’all.
lol SPY isn't even past ATH due to deflation of lets say \~20%. SPY to 500! coming soon!
I hear Jared will tell them the name of the company for conjugal visits in prison.
Uncle Li
Thats what we like to hear! Bill Ackman <3
There is a guy doing that on youtube from time to time, something ninja in his name
Oh god he’s a genzedonger? Huge fucking red flag. I tried to comment there once and got immediately banned for participating in other “reactionary subreddits”. They’re unironic tankie CCP apologist brainlets
why sell? just hold on to it forever.
retards are willing to upvote tsla puts if it defends white people

case in point: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktbnq4/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/giscpui/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3

if that doesn’t say it all
[deleted]
Only after my weeklies print 😭
hope not, i’ve got some $220P’s
[deleted]
[deleted]
Grow some bawls
[deleted]
Fuck the Chinese Government, may they burn for their crimes against Mankind!
Ima sell my 1/15 30c early and roll out
lol, wsb more infiltrated by everyone than your mom at her weekly all-you-can-bang free-for-all
I'm saying it doesn't matter, like 360p is more than enough for autonomy, it's the software after that. The lower the resolution the better as it leaves more computation power for the software. It's not a challenge at all to get better cameras, if Tesla needed them they would install them. Having 8MP isn't a moat, anyone can buy one.

I'm in Europe as well, the Renault Zoe is pretty good as well but I've no need for a new car at the minute due to covid so I'm planning on waiting until the Berlin model Y with the tabless batteries comes out.
[deleted]
Amazon stock always sleeps for 5 months until suddenly the market realized it’s a good Company and then it rallyes another 30-50%, it’s so annoying
Google 'buy reddit accounts.' No shit there's quite a few sites that transact in reddit accounts.
Delta is how much the option's premium may change if the underlying price changes 1 dollar. So let's say you purchase 1 call option of AMD for $1,000 and it has a delta of 0.50. For every point that AMD's stock price changes, the premium or worth of your call option will change by $50. So if AMD's stock goes up 10 points, your call option will now be worth $1,500. 

Delta can also be viewed as the probability that your option will expire in the money. So a delta of 0.50 would be a 50% chance. 

Theta is essentially an estimate of how much value your options contract will lose each day. Basically the price you pay each day just for owning that contract. So if your option has a theta of -0.05, it's estimated that you'll lose $5 each day just for owning that contract. 

I'm sure these are far from perfect definitions, but they should give you the gist. 

For me about the greeks I really like these 2 videos: 

- https://youtu.be/znLPP0p83SI

- https://youtu.be/GxmIvvROge4
Exactly
This is a repost from one of the top posts of all time on r/options. https://www.reddit.com/r/options/comments/fiur0t/my_option_play_for_last_week_once_in_a_lifetime/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Bro, at least sell half before a major correction. There is no way this stays at near a trillion market cap.
When did you buy those
Hey, just letting you know that this is broken
Hmmmm interesting...
This is the way.

Use the system to escape the system.

-99.9%.

Deposit more.


Repeat.
Lmao there aren't 40 million users of twitter in this country. I love how people continuously think twitter is a good representation of the real world
No. 32k
[deleted]
45% in arkk shares, 45% in icln leaps, and keep 10% for weeklies
Yeah it’s just capitalism but no political competition. So one party govt with capitalist economy.
I picked up a 1000 1/15 call 20 minutes before market closed like a dip shit. This post makes me feel a lot better
0-♾ should be the range for tomorrow 

Trade accordingly
Ban dem gey bears.
Have you run any?

Seriously. Have you run a business or have a CPA and done taxes for a small business?

You realize small businesses employ 80% of the workforce. Do you realize the margins most businesses run on? Do some math. 

This is going to kill growth. And lead to more unemployment.
deaf you idiot
bruh just research 1-2 companies and all in or index funds if you're lazy
My virgin flair is a badge of honor that I wear with pride. Good day to you Sir
Shit I couldn’t finish the paragraph, needs more rockets
Lol I’ve heard of this but never scene it until now, what a Fucking meme
Earnings haven't mattered since 9 months ago
Hopefully June
It was a ccp-dressed antifa infiltrate. Don't sleep on that.
They arent that dumb because they go up 100% if theres a 100 point correction in price
Here's my 2 cents:

Are they still making and delivering a product? Yes. Are they still innovating? Yes. Is this solving an issue in the world/market? Yes. I'll be the first to say the Internet is full of Chinese shills nowadays but I do believe NIO has a decent future ahead. Perhaps not in the USA but definitely throughout E. Asia and parts of Europe

Also: "A 4 month old = Chinese shill/bot" If that's the case then OP I hate to break it to ya but GME is more fucking Chinese than NIO
And people think we going down 😂😂😂

Inflation= stocks only go up
what if ur statistic isn’t accurate
[removed]
Tech pump. Ces this week.
[removed]
[removed]
Oops. They fucked up. 

All NIO to TSLA. 

Sorry Uulm1e teh 💩
Exp?
[deleted]
Bro weedstocks are garbage
What is your balance right now?
I feel attacked personally and all I did was buy a single call on friday 1 min till close.
Not sure what's worse... having them not matter, or something like CRSR having a golden ER and then tanking for days.

  

Why, no, I'm not bitter at all.
[worth the watch if you have 2 hours](https://youtu.be/L7G0OfJUON8)
I'm swing both ways lol bullish but when the market is this overextended, I'm biased towards bear side and look for more downside gains. Well timed puts can make a lot of money very fast cuz downside moves come big and fast.
Shut up CCP karen
🦾
Holy shit 78k in tsla puts

Godspeed
and the fleas.
Bullish
[removed]
Okay I bought $30 of pltr it’s been riding since October good investment
Where is the original, I must see it
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
1
Yeah, I’m a degenerate gambler but playing it super safe right now in GOLD and MT and think both might double in the next couple months. 

 But why 2x when I can 5x.
🍻
Just wait a few months now you’ll have a new PSR.
All in AAPL
Thats why I'm hoping for a morning sell off dip
You said words
Buy any ARK ETF shares

Diversifying  across all of them is the only diversification you need.
Huh?
Wsbsynth.
Sure HK is technically China but saying there were protests in China is misleading.
Sir, this a restricted area for retards only
Okay Trumper
Nobody makes me lose my own money
Facebook?
"Individuals using hyperbolic discounting reveal a strong tendency to make choices that are inconsistent over time – they make choices today that their future self would prefer not to have made, despite knowing the same information. This dynamic inconsistency happens because hyperbolas distort the relative value of options with a fixed difference in delays in proportion to how far the choice-maker is from those options."


======


buy far out LEAPs and one day they will become very profitable weeklies 🤯😉
If I’m not mistaken the Hyundai canoo deal fell through and during an investment conference they said they wouldn’t be utilizing it as previously planned. That’s why I sold. Like a month and a half ago
No, it's a lifestyle!
It’s just a thing so far.
I'm afraid because of this. I am the lurkest lurker, almost never commenting anywhere because people seems not to like my passive-aggreissivity, i wonder fucking why.

Just found WSB a few months ago, and i feel unleashed. I love this retardly autistic community.
- Eat Fresh
Are my tsla fuk?
God bless Elong Mars may he stay away from witches 🙏
[deleted]
Tomorrow dump or pump?
Any new SPACs listing anytime soon?
[removed]
I would BUST
Go to r/investing ffs
Psth boys looking for confirmation bias at every where possible. These guys would probably ask an homeless man for some bias. Lmfaooooo
Elf on the shelf
what
Shouldn't it be deaf?
AND LOGIC LOL
That's why we leave other people holding the bag on options.  I would not hold shares of any Chinese company for long after the Luckin Coffee thing and there are tons of other examples of fraudulent accounting.
Later date? He said 2022
TSLA go up 

Other EV go up too. Perhaps not so much. Perhaps more.
If biden goes green energy, that means solar, so wouldn't SLV go up? Silver is an important component in the manufacture of solar panels.
🙊🙉🙈
It's beautiful ain't it pays to have your currency ass the standard world currency in all transactions I guess thats why we give money to other countries
Please... if I need someone who knows what they’re doing I’ll ask my wife’s boyfriend
Someone asked him about the risks of the company being nationalized and he completely ignored the question. He kept repeating “western propaganda” as if that was a viable response.
So buy GME at open tomorrow?
hngggggg
PSTH gonna melt up to 35 on no news this week.
[deleted]
fuck that would be nice
The amount of downvotes we are getting is testament to how commies have truly taken over our education system. 

These people just don’t get it because they’ve never run a business. 

They think because someone owns a business, they should just fork over everything to their employees. Asinine beyond words.
Hang fresh eucalyptus leaves in your shower
- R fuk?
This is a casino we don’t come here for actual logic. You belong to r/investing with your tone. Fucking retard.
[removed]
10 SPY 380P
pics or no proof
Yes
13 hrs 37 min 45 sec until premarket
X
Already bought em
Nio shill
mix. Index funds for something you won’t have to touch til retirement, individual stocks for things you’re comfortable swing trading or at least keeping up to date with.
Now if only they will forgive at least 20k it would literally do away with all my loans.
Parler about to be unhosted lol
Why they can't give us full amount in one go. $1M each
[removed]
That TSLA 120x bagger
they literally just could love their own government, such a foreign concept to Americans. I'm white from the bible belt too, so this is just so odd to me. I stream (not advertising) if you dont believe me.
Mach E is on par with tesla
Holy fucking shit the front page is awful I totally forgot
I liked the idea of AM, it just caused me to try to figure out if I actually still owned an AM radio. Used to listed to baseball games on them when I was a kid.
I lean Laphroaig because I like the oakiness of it. 

Ardbeg is a bit more jet fuely to me. 

Can't really go wrong with either though.
I thought you could read :-) - it’s a “very professionally” written post; I’m certain the guy worked for NIO Investor Relations 🤫
Previously sleepy Joey B is now fucking woke. He knows I’m not going to be able to buy enough Tesla FD to make millions overnight with $600. 

Man of the people. 

Release the stimmy!!!
Throw all of it into TSLA 1000c 1/15
Why did this get removed, I wasn't done reading it
Lol I would not put it past zjz. Dude is a pretty epic troll with some of his flairs
Tell her you’re getting revenge on the airlines for the billions in bailouts while the working class gets peanut shells..
[removed]
Ya but it will get better, drink lots of water. Eat super healthy. Don't exercise, just rest and supplement like crazy with vitamin d, multivitamin and zinc. And don't get stuck on covid subreddits, way too negative.
Steam is PC  Gamestop is console
lol, American cancel culture has entered WSB
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just buy some actual weed and spend the rest on TSLA
Tesla should be compared to Apple, not Amazon.

Apple's iPhone killed all the other big manufacturers. Who the hell even has a Blackberry now? The zoomer gens wouldn't even know what it is.
Damn this post got removed fast 💨
[removed]
[removed]
ICLN/TAN and NIO
Also hot: any stonk on market
Dez Bryant is trash
Thanks
High risk stocks. People make 100k a year
Maybe you should hit me with the “moms basement” accusation that Rush Limbaugh thinks is the biggest own in the world.
Sir, this is Reddit
[deleted]
What the fuck are you doing lmao
Sell the news event
Yes. Haven't you been in the steel daddy threads? In Vito We Trust.
3
Not like the USA have been money printing for nearly a year now. lol
I ove that fuckers vids
This is how a teenager sees stocks
Quite cheap for right now. But it gonna expensive when the market open on Monday my retard
What lie?
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/-zai|[Got $5k to YOLO where do i start?](https://redd.it/kujkut)
/u/Conda1119|[100k in cash ...where to “invest?”](https://redd.it/kujnij)
/u/larrybrownsports1|[WSB top 10](https://redd.it/kujnui)
/u/_YourImagination_|[Investing in Nio and Tesla makes me feel I am helping someone achieve their dream and make myself money at the same time. Even if I lose a bit, I am prepared to be like - “its okay buddy shit happens, you tried”.](https://redd.it/kuk7as)
/u/gustavopluggedin|[I will be receiving a Student Aid Refund Check this February. Thoughts on what I should do with it?](https://redd.it/kuka7s)
/u/javier_post|[What do people think about CSIQ?](https://redd.it/kukb1o)
/u/HellicopterMoney|[Puts on Facebook!](https://redd.it/kukd5p)
/u/LightskinJ3sus3|[Return of real estate stocks](https://redd.it/kukih9)
/u/theknowndude|[Thread for January 10, 2022](https://redd.it/kukmlw)
/u/Immaflyguy|[Tsla on monday](https://redd.it/kuksmf)
I'm not mad bro. Plus I bought the call when the price was under 800. At worst I'll break even if tsla crashes. Which it won't.
Because the drop on friday was to damn high!
Quality analysis. This sub is ideal for deep quality finance analysis. Long stocks
Sunday Drinking Game Magic Words:

-Tesla

-Bubble

-Correction

-CCP

-Puts

-Parler

-Rule 4

-🐻

Prepare for death.
Those are the true treasures of this place. Some of these memes are made for tv movie level productions. Could probabaly get Lou Diamond Phillips to star in them.
Thats sexi.. Ohh
Shame she doesn't charge more or you might have actually made some decent money on this.
Buying GOEV $35 Feb C at open - wish me luck
Lol..how many?
>Anybody else extremely impressionable

Ya, 99% of this sub. This is why GME is where it is
You his campaign manager or something?
I dont care as a consumer, but as an investor. 

Sorry but every German car manufacturer is dogshit to invest in
😂
I went long in SWI Friday, that co ain't going out of biz, they're going to be a recovery story
Bought $DM Desktop Metal instead. Sleep like a baby
I do lol. But I’m retarded hence on this sub. I can atleast make little bit
[removed]
I never said they suck equally. You’re creating your own points to argue against because you desperately want me to say the Chinese government is worse.

I despise both cancer and raw onions. Wanna debate me on which one is worse? Smh
I'm a opportunist/capitalist thinking about making gains  


Fuck me with that shit and getta out of here and join r/politics
Don’t do it because of this post, the mods banned him for propaganda. If you do pump NIO, do it because you think now is a good entry point. I’m personally waiting for low 50s again
Really? I signed up recently and could do it entirely from home.
[deleted]
priced in
Leaps, be rich.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I bought MT after your very first post. I bought the 1/22 and 1/23 35C and 30C. I’m up about 40% on them (fluctuates a lot based on low volume of the leaps). At any rate, it makes up about 10% of my account and been performing nicely. Thank you.
I got puts and you can always safely inverse me.
To be fair my own DD fucks me too
Ccp fuck
I’ll throw 4K in at open and maybe increase if it drops a bit but you got me interested.
TSLA 850p 3/19
Parler can be accessed through the web browser. When is Apple removing Safari from the app store?
Calls bro this is the future
Civil War 2. Lol. 

Who they gonna fight? They gonna go knocking door to door in a pandemic asking your beliefs and if you wanna fight?
Battery technology can’t get much better
I heard somewhere we’re looking at getting another $3T stimulus on top of the $5T already passed and another $2k check?!

Jesus Christ
Me doo do with the dollars too!
Bears WHY are u gay?
it’s not my fault god didn’t make misandry funny
Now it is bro because it's a luxury. Maintaining a classic car nowadays is also expensive as fuck. Gotta be thinking forward and think about what will receive the most general support. When cars first came out there is no way they beat the price of a horse(maybe long term similar to an EV now in terms of several economic costs of fossil fuel). Think of what poor people have now and what rich people have now, eventually poor people will have what rich people have and rich people will have something better.
This website is a react app hosted using firebase, a node.js API hosted on heroku, and a DynamoDB instance hosted on AWS.
NIO is constantly mentioned on this sub, but whatever
Lol. That would be fucked up but still funny.

But if it backfires and they switch yours to “local Trump virgin 2024” I will laugh my ass off and frame the comment thread for my office wall.
PSTH Merger CEO looks like a genius https://imgur.com/gallery/eKn4k4f

major 🚀🚀🚀 on Monday
Casual? Formal misogyny or gtfo pussy
I watched the sinoforest scandal, saw wal mart re audit its books, and the countless short sellers trying to build awareness of the scam. China will have to revamp its economy for the coming complete exodus of American companies.
“Earnings Season Is About to Begin. Investors Are Already Looking Past it.”

Ok. This shit is getting out of hand. Now earnings apparently don’t matter along with valuations. These fucking analysts are nuts.
Jokes on you this is an spanish empire colony, retrasado
UNH calls
Thanks cap
"We need more direct relief flowing to families, small businesses, including finishing the job of getting people that $2,000 in relief—direct payment. $600 is simply not enough." — President-elect Biden
And yet, Ukraine Joe was the only one caught on video for everyone to see, begging the Ukrainian Prez to stop the prosecution of his corrupt cokehead son. Lol.
But what kind of footlong
BRO WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME YOU GET MAX GAINZ ON DEBIT SPREADS WHENNN THEY'RE EXPIRING! That shit is actually is a whole new ball game, didn't know I had that option (pun) Also you spend half the money and still can get 100% gainz or more. People are sleeping on debit spreads.
How soon will arkg hit 150
plug is ICLN's biggest holding so you might as well go ICLN
He’s clearly buying fractional options
What can I say, im in for the 10 year haul. Institutional ownership is quite low on tsla too, compared to faang (almost 50% less)
All Asians look the same anyway.
Until we short NIO and go long on TSLA
Try 74,000 tops. A vast, vast majority of trump voters don't give a fuck lmao go ahead and short amazon if you're that pearl clutching
What about $X ? Murican Steel lol
ICLN is diversified so it’s safer but won’t return as much as the best returners. PLUG is less safe but you could see greater returns if it is one of the best returners.

Risk reward 101
So NIO calls or puts?
Looking at a 62c EOW rn quite cheap
Sound like a majority of the world. Just depends on who says what and what your preconceived biases are
He’s a fake. Mods banned him, propaganda shill
I need it to cool off for a min so I don’t get exercised on some damn calls I sold 🤡
If you are a communist, yes
Just keep enough $ to handle 2000 like situation if it arises, rest keep investing in Tesla and clean energy.
[deleted]

I think now is a good time to buy even if they get down a little more in the future. Maybe save room to average down
And look at the thread you started, wonderful discussion, thank you.
Can I sub to your only fans
I heard their last meet at the Capitol Building didn’t go well.
Nio is audited by reputable firm already. Do your research instead of saying anything China=Bad
Saving this shit. I normally hate movie references but God damn you hit the nail on the head.
Reddit itself is partially owned by who? Tencent? MUAHAHAHAHA
Almost a 2.5% drop Monday ? Closed half my position which the other half got torched but I made 4x the money I put in so it’s all how you look at it
Fuck you :v
Lithium Americas Corp (LAC) is building huge facility in Nevada 👀
I lurk for the memes but there have been a lot of CCP  post lately. All of the post have the same script.  Its been abit shaddy lately around here im not sure if its just the end of the year people trying to improve their portfolio  or what
So we shorting Tesla and going long on Nio or what?
[deleted]
Definitely don't do that. With interest rates at historically low, why would you want to pay them off. Put the money where it matters the most.
MIL doing the DD.

Nice.
Oh yea... doing great!
See my post above to see what happened to Parler.
[removed]
Hope your broker supports lending to shorties for additional income 😎
Take some profit otherwise I would let the rest ride
Why would my comment be removed for saying that im disgusted by the amount of reddit hate today? Show me the evidence of genocide, there is zero. I dont agree with camps either, but the situation was beyond violent, do your own research. and to the mod? wtf?
You have to turn it on in your settings. Once on when you press trade there will be an options button added.
Both, PLUG has the best short term gains and ICLN is an ETF, will be safer longer term.
Yea but GME is American /s
Why is it now removed????? Let me seeeee
Jack Ma last week WSB this week
The R's best cream of the crop begged three different countries to interfere in American politics, started a trade war, just had a clown coup attempt, and has over 20 rape allegations.
You're a shill.

Projecting will be your downfall.    
  
Do not believe this user.
BUT THEY ONLY GO UP!
a footlong has the same calories a double cheeseburger.
Mega stonks only
TSLA and SPY calls
haha. ok ghey bear
[removed]
That was like old good communist propaganda. They have learned something since it didn't have statements like Mao's great plan for electronic cars that Xi in his great wisdom has put on play.
It’s a copy/paste from someone else’s YouTube video. He posted it here acting like a first-hand-experiencing Chinese guy who did his own DD. Mods already banned him from /r/wsb he’s just trying to pump his calls
hello
Up
They only had it in one location... they never even tried
I thought everyone here lived in Puerto Rico...
“This stock has been going up a lot recently based on the upward sloping graph lines. So if you make those lines longer you can see it will continue”
Gimme my 2k stimmy directly through TSLA shares thanks
leaps deep itm. look for anything with a delta of .8 or higher. very similar to owning shares
he has interesting plays [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkN7NyLqMF0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkN7NyLqMF0)
or unimpressed but still coming back 9x/day for more
I thought I might see a "red sus" but not a "yellow sus".
Anybody else extremely impressionable? I’ll watch something and be like yeah that’s funny and then I’ll hear someone criticize it and all of a sudden it is t funny to me anymore

Anyway I hear NIO is a great investment
[deleted]
Fuck that’s sexy
How are we making the tendies this week?
You son of a bitch. I'm in.
That’s why they use Microsoft’s software, Dell are still doing OK after Apple. Mercedes will be fine with msft software. Their brand is a status symbol, much like Apple’s, and their consumer base is still growing (China, India, Africa)
[removed]
I was just thinking about this before I got home!!!! This guys spelling and grammar was way to good for this sub!!!

We need this community to stay free from filth
[deleted]
NIO gap down to 0
What a minute wtf? Does someone else own Nasper? Is that someone else owned by a subsidiary of Tencent?? Have we found the ouroboros?
Chamath
Why not both
[removed]
🐻 are hoping to provoke fear, they are pathetic
Alright quick maths. So the CARES ACT back in March was approximately 2 trillion. If Biden’s plan is considered a  ‘multitrillion’dollar plan— saying that 3 trillion or even 4/5 trillion is possible. 

We saw what happened when the bill passed. Took the Dow from 19,000 to a record high of 30,000. 

So that means for every trillion, we added 5k to the Dow Jones. Being conservative, a 2 trillion dollar package would add approximately 10k to the Dow. 

TLDR. Buy any dip between Monday and Wednesday— for massive tendies on Thursday.
Hot sectors: EVs, Cloud Cybersecurity, Clean Energy (Renewables, Storage/Batteries, Charging, Infrastructure).  

Also hot: Semiconductors, data networking (5G plays).  Possibly smartphones as well.
[deleted]
You guys actually look at how the company does before investing in their stocks? I though yall just bought whatever sounded the coolest
Link?
I feel personally attacked
Credit won’t offset increase of price due to supply demand
I’m not bearish but this is the best position I’ve seen compared to the 200-300 strikes some idiots are posting.
Holy shit.
Human innovations are driven by wsb
Popular post about Chinese stocks THE DAY BEFORE DELISTING. What a coincidence!
>You can't have a proper debate without resorting to going through post history and discrediting everything I say?

You mean like how you immediately discredited the other guy's genuine concerns (that he even had sources to) because you didn't like it? You didn't do anything to rebut or challenge his ideas so how the fuck else am I supposed to rebut anything you say when nothing you said is nuanced enough to actually discuss? At least keep your standards consistent, dude. So yes, going into your profile is a valid enough thing to do in this scenario.

Also, no sense in asking what I know about an event that's been heavily documented for decades now, knowing you're likely going to discredit anything I say because I misspelled it (but apparently capitalization doesn't matter). So oopsies there.
Elon will be 25% richer than Bezos
Except this would only happen once unless the investment community are bigger artists than wsb.
ICLN or PLUG long term?
You are aware that it’s not beautiful weather nor the day for all parts of the globe rn, right?
Aka just hold shares and eat tendies and chill while others panic and make mistakes
They did it so they could get a huge tax benefit from the state of California. They never actually intended on rolling it out. It costs way too much money to keep all the extra batteries. Think of the opportunity cost... every extra battery is another car they could sell. 

It was only ever open in one location so the retards who say nobody wanted to use it are retarted. I drive a model 3 and would love to swap out my battery in 5 mins instead of sit in my car for 30 minutes. Or at least have the option... it’s just too expensive for Tesla. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.csmonitor.com/layout/set/amphtml/Business/In-Gear/2015/0312/Tesla-battery-swapping-useful-service-or-tax-credit-ploy
Got a nice teaser on some footy-ball games today. Can’t wait to lose my money.
We’re hungry
[removed]
what is a score bet?
Dude everyone who has an employer sponsored retirement program is buying every week.
The mobile app is great!
🤣
Elon shooting dicks, duh!
[He was shilling for the stinking CCP! Don't be a sucker for commie propaganda!](https://youtu.be/7pgZrQ4mOM4)
I already sold 30, I dont mind getting assigned for a cool 15/share
[deleted]
Baba please fly pleas go to 245 Monday
Nice
if u can time the fdx bottom leaps will print nicely
Lmao 😂
Q, is that you?
Id give an award if i didnt lock up all my money on pltr at the top. All pain aside, as a kid who just turned 22, it seems like im really gonna see all this shit play out huh? I come from an middle class home in cali so im hoping that because I was born lucky I can get over the "millenial disadvantage" (as one of the articles the main post cited said) with relative ease as long as im not too stupid with my financals. I just made a Roth IRA account for my birthday and it seems like what im getting from all of this the best way to reduce how fucked I am is throwing alot into Renewable energy because China is gonna keep expanding that. And maybe moving some of my dollars into another currency? Idk shit about forex though. 

All in all though solid comment, thanks man, i cant believe this sub is making me actually think for once haha
Nah, just seen and heard enough from him over the last 5+ years since he rode down the escalator.

Not sure why I am downvoted for saying the dude is the president and doesn't need twitter to get his words out.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Does it make it not true? What’s the issue? Everything he said was accurate
I accidentally jizzed on my ps5
Well, there was Parler.  Then Apple and Google decided to remove the app from their stores and Amazon decided to give them the finger and tell them they are no longer welcome as a AWS customer, and cut them off with 24 hrs notice.  Gab is the only other alternative I know of.
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How do we know you're not the CCP infiltrator, pretending to complain about this guy when actually you're pushing more of us to his comment...

It's a genius plan though so I salute you 👌
We’ve discussed in the past. Too much potential for hijacking/too much SEC conflict. Would need someone that actually knows what they’re doing, and this is WSB, so...
Was it a leap or one expiring friday?
Literally can't go tits up
Indeed, thanks.
It's at the top wtf are you talking about retard?
Lies. I mean lies right? Pleas lies.
I dont know man, owning, feeding, maintaining and insuring a horse sounds considerably more expensive than, like, many, many multiples more expensive than my yearly bill at least.
if casual misogyny doesnt make you laugh, i’m gonna have to revoke your man card
Hahahaha hilarious
VALE X MT cool but what about SunCoke Energy? They make stuff that helps with steel production and they send their product pretty much all over the world. Would they not benefit from this too?
Downvoted cuz of my own insecurity
[removed]
OP is a pathetic little retard that’s never traveled outside of his own state. Disregard this thread
already got shares retard. i want more
He failed to account for that, he thinks they’ll spend it on rent LMAO
[deleted]
Is it more profitable to hold my TSLA 880c 1/15 or sell in the AM and buy 900+c dated later?
HEY if anyone's gonna fuck my sister it's gonna be me!
Hop off now please! That’s plenty of money
Bulls are too busy spending money to come here and whine
[deleted]
Ya but this time it's ChInEsE.
Your words not mine
Please melvin no mo
My mans, this is a temporary gig be careful
The Chinese infiltration of reddit is extremely well thought out and very common. Every time i get someone defending China in a reply i look at their post history and every post is propping up the ccp. It's a problem that reddit needs to publicly admit to and counter.
Thinking about going long with fed ex and ups. Thoughts ?
Ackman is Jared
Get banned commie
TSLAs 1700 P/E ratio is very bubble like though
[mirror](https://i.imgur.com/r2ATvfC.png) to the removed comment.
jesus christ, this sub is actually filled with idiots

the person i responded to was obviously using race in place of ethnicity; they are frequently used interchangeably in any non-academic context.

how many times are you guys going to be confidently pedantic and incorrect?
Shit shuts down. Supply shoots down.

Shit opens up. Demand shoots up.
This guy just doesn’t get it.   We are wasting our breath
Icln🚀
Sell orders issued now.
VW co-owns a huge battery production scale-up. 
Mercedes sources it’s own batteries
BMW has a partnership - I forget who with.
Could you add SEDG and ENPH to the solar plays?

They are a strong “picks and shovels” play for solar expansion.
Man CMG is a beast!
Taiwan No 1
Hmm. It’s already 2x NAV. Plus does this worry you? https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/shareholder-alert-weisslaw-llp-reminds-expc-ciic-atac-and-lgvw-shareholders-about-its-ongoing-investigations-301203549.html

However Butterfly does look awesome. Thanks. Tell me more.
I’m delusional because I don’t want to see more Americans lose their pensions betting on stocks that are exempt from proper auditing? 

I love money as much as the next guy but right is right. I suggest you watch the documentary and see if you still feel the same way afterwards.
Why are the MARA and RIOT shillers always shilling both?
Daddy Ma just out for some cigs.
💀💀💀
Just buying one tomorrow. "Moderation" or some bs
any cum guzzlers here?
[GLORY BE TO THE WSB! THE TENDIES SHALL FLOW! DOWN WITH THE CCP SHILLS, UP WITH THE FREE MARKET. MAY YOUR PROFITS FLOW FOREVER!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mc3t3IVkq60)
I'm guessing you bag holding GOEV calls....you should of bought NIO
This. Happens every time.  Biden wants to repeal the corporate tax cuts and payroll tax cuts ASAP.   That won’t help anyone.  Any upside of national debt being paid off will be offset by more spending on regulatory bodies and investigations
Wow my own personal doomsday clock
Sell orders for NIO already in before i saw this
I feel safer here than on a 737
Not that I think it is, but if PSTH is actually stripe all the subway memers gonna look so stupid
NIO is famous for their battery as a service model. The batteries don't go bad because they get swapped out often. That's my understanding anyway.
Good luck to you. I have no skin in the game whatsoever. Just doesn’t pass the eye test for me.
No question I would buy the Mercedes. I find Tesla design pretty meh, some of the features childish (party mode? Lol wtf)
Enough DD for me, I’m in! 🚀🚀
Why not both?
That's why the average American is so narrow minded
[deleted]
[deleted]
Meh, my buddy is a dev over there. He say’s they’re way behind and management is full of dumb boomers.
Too many crazy gains posts. Retards are getting sucked into throwing their last $ into the stock market before it  flash crashes for a day and leaves them under the bridge
Last thing I expected on wsb was a Jingles reference
Tesla 850p 3/19
Moon??? :/
Present.
Soooo can people still post DD on china stonks
Damn I’d for sure sit thru adverts for this. Maybe they can feature biggest gains post each week and we can listen to that aut’s brilliance

Q: “What made you YOLO your life savings into TSLA $1k 1/15 FDs after its already huge run and the Burry short?”

A: “idk probs moon”
calls on this retard
Weekend thread is just poison at this point in the market...it’s a beautiful day out. Go walk the dog, practice a hobby, or play catch with your wife’s boyfriend.
[deleted]
you missed out on a enormous pump last week because you were patient so instead you are trying to time a drop?  Good luck lol
East Asians (esp Chinese) are highly highly autistic when it comes to going all in on home ownership and rental properties. So that's not really evidence of state actors buying up land.
Why not both? 

I have some quarter cask I have been working on. 

Delicious
[deleted]
Lol I wanted more under 100 but fuck me
Guys listen if we all band together and buy TSLA 1000c we can get all the monies for our selves
[deleted]
Fuck podcast. WSB network. Talking shit. 24/7
Score bet is way less risky for that play imo.
There’s no place like home

Bitch
If Nio goes to 2,000$ I’ll be a millionaire. Let’s make it happen
60/40
Don’t bother trying to help them.
nice that nio pump post was deleted. some faith in mods restored
You have quoted this for like 5 comments now, and no where does it say the US needs to be buying something for a company to be successful, China also accounts for a huge part of global economy and drives global financial conditions... so your point is null for this case we are talking about.
[deleted]
Sorry you missed out on the free money retard.
Thanks for sharing
this is retarded so just hedge and it’ll probably work
I decided in 2019 I'm ok with losing 40k, but I'm not ok with missing this opportunity. Figured if I'm going for it I'm gonna go all in king.
Who else has puts 🙋🏻‍♂️
“China is here now” Big Trouble
Whale 🚀🚀
 ->1200 -> 750
No one cares about trump anymore, mango go by bye
HYLN
Ima need that PSTH atleast $35 for a min
Tesla will go up; sometimes it will go down, but year after year it will go up 

Hold me to this extreme prediction; it will come true
nah man bubble is when the very last bear capitulates and starts yoloing retarded calls. People saying bubble every 7 posts is not bubble-like.
LOOKS LIKE IT IS PEEKEND POW TIME AGAIN: https://www.ig.com/en/indices/markets-indices/weekend-wall-street
Why?
Thanks! Fuck CCP
Should I put 20k in ICLN shares or 10k in leaps on Tuesday ?
Long term typically means greater than 1 year fyi
I was shook when she died.
Maybe Mercedes are built differently in the states. In the U.K., US car manufacturers are known for being ‘cheap’ with horrendous reliability; on the other hand the Germans know quality and build things to last. A service from Vauxhall (ex-GM) was £100, for merc its £500. My Vauxhall was breaking after 3 years, my merc will still be as-new in a decade.
[deleted]
what is the aliens trade then?
I would but I don’t know where the top is. I don’t wanna time it wrong
This is truth-CCP accounts have been doing this all over Reddit. Especially during the Hong Kong protests when they were wiping posts silencing the truth. 

They’re here to see if they can manipulate the retail base to pump their stocks. Another card to add to their back pocket.
spy not gonna have a pullback till it hits 400
A lot of catalysts coming up. The inaug on the 20th and PLTR day on the 26th. Perfect storm IMO. Literally can’t go tits up.
I'm happy to take all of their money selling them puts. 

The gay bears serve a purpose.
Why?
That's chump change
A copypasta that causes mainland chinese users to get banned

动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
TSLA 1200C 1/15 ?
Easily
100%. These motherfuckers are sneaky af like with the Chinese virus. Definitely an attempt by CCP company stooges trying to pump stocks before all Chinese stocks end up being delisted.
is it still worth getting MT after US part getting bought by CLF?
Where are TSM gang?
[removed]
The last bastion of American FREEDOM wallstreetbets
Shouldve averaged down but im retard
Free theta decay delivery
i was here when people thought it was foolish to hold 100k+ in robinhood

i am now that fool
[deleted]
mara and riot
Icln
In the sense it is used today, they're synonyms. "Race" is actually sort of an anachronism because most people today don't buy 19th century race theory and have replaced the concepts with cultural ethnic conceptions in modern parlance.
Nice
Brah how could you forget PTON and LULU and CMG???
Nice, gon get some forsure
[deleted]
[deleted]
That's up to you man. You'll just be paying an extra 5% tax. You're in no rush it sounds like to sell them, but yeah you can sell some and exercise some to get the shares.

You'd most definitely have more than 430k bcuz you also work a job full time I'm assuming so unless you just exercise a majority of them close to expiration.

I would wait until March though and then sell out a good 1m-2m and then let the rest ride.

I would also set a stop limit or trailing stop order so you don't give back a sizable amount of profits when this eventually dips.
Who are Indigenous people of Africa?
Ban
Lagavulin. 


But. Ardbeg.
green is gonna be so green this week
Earnings..
Well all investors would cease to invest in all chinese stocks. Sure, we'd all take a hit on our investment. But we'd also never give chinese investment another cent.
Being active in r/GenZedong is immediately a red flag for me.
GameStop can sell their website to their stores
Fuck me I'll believe anything
[removed]
Taiwan is the real China. Taiwan for ever
[deleted]
Lol
I don’t own a Tesla, but when I went to test drive a Model Y, I felt like I was joining a family. 🤷‍♂️
Hohohohoho, a $0 profit company with 800B+ market cap and these retards are buying the dip and then jerking each other
By dip you mean 905 at open
[deleted]
[deleted]
I accidentally clicked cuz I’m retarded.... my fucking eyes!
What are we thinking about Nio this week?
Recovery and moon mission by market open. Already slid as much as it will
Would you go balls deep today before it opens or wait until tomorrow? New to trading. Send help lol
I mean be a gay bear, lose all your money by all means but if you think clean energy isn’t going to the fucking moon and beyond this year you’re an all around retard and disconnected from the direction this planet is heading
will probably open at 900 but people always sell off at open, so going to catch that slight dip
You had me at GME. I'm currently in a maintenance call because some 16.5c got exercised... Oooops(not)
Cash app is great! They don’t show after hours though, but the is no fees.
Damn I know nothing about spread options but looking into it. Is that really a better play than just buying say 3 options 1/21 at like 37 or 40?
[deleted]
The root problem is the Fed. 

But even then, millennials have no job prospects, you cannot build a strong vibrant economy of Uber drivers. You actually need to produce things in an economy. Or else you will have to pay for them via deficit (debt) spending.
Yea that’s better, now keep on stepping before I grease your nose
Sorry bro 😈
This is basically me and I’m starting to think tomorrow might be a bad day...
I was lucky to BTFD a few weeks back when it was at 158. The whole market took a hit that day and I had a strong feeling this would rally to new highs. Friday it was above 200. It could double in the next 6 months as the general public catches on to CRISPR and its many clinical applications
I’ve seen more people posting their gains of over a million dollars on this sub in the past week than probably my whole time here before that. There’s no way with all the retards here that’s even possible. Whenever the market seems like free money and everybody and their grandmothers cares about it, it’s a bubble.
Yeah and ruin trade relations with US even further? Come on. You guys are delusional
u/zjz give this guy a combination of my flair and u/cashflow_
Yes. No options yet
[removed]
Thank you, very brave
Gold calls tomorrow anyone?
Ardbeg vs laphroaig?
Heard the same shit about how Apple wouldn't kill off Nokia, Ericsson, Motorola and all the other shit phones from back then.

European countries simply aren't  innovative in regards to software.
Narrator: It wasn’t.
It's run up over 200% in 3 month, and you're telling me there's a "possible breakout."

Ok.
RIP
🤣🤣
Love the analogy at the end. Great post
[deleted]
EXPI gonna hit 82 this week?
All in... Again!
Eating fresh all the way to the bank
Pleas fly again
I too like losing money to myself. For every XLNX share you own, you will get just over 1.7 AMD shares after the acquisition. Right now XLNX is trading at about 1.56x. TL;DR If you must buy shares of AMD you're losing money to yourself by not buying XLNX instead.
This guy watches CNN
People no. Hedge funds yes.
Ipoe
*Fuck the CCP.
Boy, you said GME, that’s all I needed to hear, give him an ⬆️
virus link 🚨
depends on what MLM Jesus thinks
“Not all businesses are corporate giants like Amazon.”

Wow. Nobody knew that. Big brain time over here. Any other badly memorized talking points you heard on Hannity’s latest show?
That’s right. If anyone is going to lose my money, it’s gonna be me!!
Oh, yeah its a stupid point. Pretending they both equally suck is moronic and ignores the objective reality of the bad stuff china is up to relative to the bad stuff america is up to.
Is Jared buying options from the clink?
Not everyone is financially well off.... we’re all just here trying to make it. Keep your negativity in your moms basement and tell her I said hello!
[deleted]
[removed]
Rip that flair man
Take your political shit to another subreddit.  Not my beautiful wsb. 

Also, learn to read: Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission.
100 percent agree! Look, we’re friends now!!! 

Thought I was the only one on WSB brave enough to say I bought into $GOLD 👏
[removed]
Congrats on the gains 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

oh and fuck you
I wonder why there was a need to pump NIO? What was the call to action? Not saying to buy puts, but what was their intention? 🤔

I like NIO, and that post got me hooked. However, after Luckin, I’m hesitant to invest into Chinese stocks.
Maybe if it were a degree higher
Ohhh I see, so exactly 365 days 0 seconds. Got it, that makes a lot of sense. But normally, people would pull out leaps before it reaches 1 year?
Good work Theycallmeryan!
Sprinkle I mean where do you think that stimmy money going people have a tendency these days to try and make a quick buck any way they can
AAPL $150 by EOW
This guy bag holding trump
Yes.
Yes.
This will be BB year. Lots of news. Amazon was one of them. Possibility of a buyout could happen as well.
Thanks :)

Oh I know. I encourage people to watch “The China Hustle” documentary to see how deep corruption is with many Chinese companies. Buyer beware.
Onlyfans + Pornhub - Ticket $CUM
bitcon down
Support
[deleted]
[removed]
IMO It's a data analytics platform in an overcrowded space. Near-monopolization is a requirement for these breakthrough platform companies to be truly interesting. This is why ie. Squarespace is not that interesting even though it's business model probably has the term PLATFORM in it. 


I'd love to be proven wrong on PLTR being unable to hit escape velocity from the competition (got any links?) but I have not done deep dives into them vs. other market leaders. I don't see the separate economy it's going to create and take a slice of every transaction. But my sights have not been on PLTR.
Why isn’t there a WSB podcast? Literally just commentary on the daily thread comments for 45 minutes would be gold.
[removed]
By dip you mean 900 at open
$X for infrastructure
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets\_getting\_infiltrated\_by\_ccp/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuhibq/wallstreetsbets_getting_infiltrated_by_ccp/)
Better?😂 I don't spell that's for poor people
NIO $62 1/15 is CHEAP
[deleted]
$12 on friday
Sideways
[removed]
I see WSB in all from time to time and its usually to the tune of ME LOVE TESLA
Don't worry we'll just print our way out of the problem. And inflation has been much lower recently.
[deleted]
Buying the Tesla dip on open. No way im missing out on this weeks gains
ZM and TSLA puts good luck
Whats the better play tan or icln options?
Halted Friday on Softbank news
It's onlyfans
Petition to refer to PSTH as 🥖 and not 🦓 

#Eat Fresh
Lol laughable
Buffet is more Smaug than Gimli these days, can't say I blame him though.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
This might be the most civilized exchange on wsb ever.
Found Lebron’s account!!!
Uh oh, inflation on the horizon. Better sell all my equities for USD to be safe.
Love this stock. Bot at 3, sold at 8, Bot at 10, sold at 21, Bot at 23, now 58, with sell stop at 53. Up 40k..
Yeah Parler was never going to ever grow to be more than a minute rounding error on AWS' balance sheet 😂 the future projections of a safe space for righties were peanuts
God he’s such a douchebag. Beijing Biden the racist who raped one of his staffers. Amazing this is the Dims cream of the crop.
I didn’t see what was worth it from GME I was in a while and got out even
[removed]
People be crazy paying $4,000+ for one contract
[deleted]
Exact cutoff is exactly a year - in your scenario it would be short term gains, but if it expired/you sold a day later then it would be long term. 

As a side note, it only goes by the date, time of purchase (market open/close/anywhere in between) does not matter.
its showing 15.09 for me
Light work
Bass Pro Shops
[deleted]
Hi, I'm the real u/jacobflicks. Please just deposit funds to my account, kthx.
I bought in at $11
[deleted]
Great point
A blessing of covid is that I'm in the best shape of my life, and diet is on point with home cooking.
[deleted]
yeah it's like better than the second coming of christ.
Someone's not going to college
This stock is a fucking roller coaster. I’ve been up 50% back to negative back up to 40% probably three times in the last couple months
[deleted]
Hmm...what is an investing
[removed]
Death to Xi, free the Uighurs!!! 🇺🇸
I just think this stock with grow between now and 4/16 and continue thereafter. I only buy calls on companies I believe in
OK BOOMER! 😂

Now back to your hole.
Correct
He would have told us how he beat coronavirus if he was a true autist , Give us the secrets to the Peking tendies  ,its not NIO ,and everyone knows it .
Both of you
BABA :)
It’s LGVW. Bill Gates + Cathie Wood
Might be very hungry after losing 80K in tesla shorts
When would we sleep and work? Lol
Y'all buying the shartcoin dip?
I work with people who want to remind me every day that renewable is currently more expensive to produce that fossil fuel as if fossil fuel wasn't expensive as fuck to get at first compared to riding a fucking horse.
it's aunti ann pretzel, not stripe
similar thing happened to be in 2012. I went to the doc and said the whiplash was getting better and i feel fine, 9 years on and the shoulder is still painful. I lost 20 days work as a day rate contractor and received only £1700 compo.  


make sure you are getting the right amount mate
[deleted]
Clown
[deleted]
Are you fucking stupid? Do some DD.

Their marketing is huge. Partners with Riot Games and eSports teams, have its name on an NFL football stadium, and so much more. 

God fucking damn it you're dumb,
[deleted]
Umm robinhood?
Yes, because supporting a country that is committing literal genocide is absolutely okay, right?
Possible but the way we play, chances of being rich today poor tomorrow are lesser
Did someone say Nio to 500 by Friday?
Fuck no
[deleted]
$1800
Well first of all you can't even spell properly, what do you know about tiananmen? And r/china_irl isn't even pro china, plenty of Chinese overseas talk shit about the ccp there. What's your point? You can't have a proper debate without resorting to going through post history and discrediting everything I say?
Can you give any specific examples? I specifically tried to ignore the beverage side bc the more interesting growth drivers (at least in theory) are D2C + cannabis, imo. If they can’t execute as a company that’s a problem, but if we’re talking about beverage acquisitions that didn’t pan out bc of consumer tastes changing that wouldn’t be as relevant
I think the gay bears in this sub should just go home to r/cbtBDSM
Maybe 62?
I need to look this up.
LGVW
Twitter has been dropping consistently so moot point, also it was always known if 🥭 lost it would depreciate
[removed]
They call him Ryan but not the CCP, the call him El Fuego.
Nobody ever lost money by selling high.
RemindMe! 2 days
Did you move the dashboard to a new address?
Lmao this shit got me
Thanks. Since I wrote that ama I’m now at $6,000,000 in stocks, cash and real estate.  It works, I promise
Balls deep in NIO on Monday. Got it. 🚀🚀
It’s a test - she’s trying to see if you’re taking advantage of the current bull market. Convince her it’s ethical then tell her about your gains.
You sound like Ben Shapiro when he says shit like climate change causing rising sea levels isn’t a problem because people can just sell their houses and move inland 😂

Raising the minimum wage has never resulted in a negative economic impact in the ~40 times it has been done since the 1930’s. Instead of repeating Charlie Kirk’s latest rant, you could look up historical data on this.
Will continue to moon based on headlines alone. Richest man, Elon Musk visionary, and a sprinkle of cultist following = 900 minimum tomorrow.
Hopeless
SQ is the next SQ

200B EOY
I'm calling total bullshit on Nio's battery and range claims. This is the exact bullshit that chinese knock off companies are doing.
I kept 25 shares, whenever I need a laugh I go look at the % gain
Must suck being a limp dick loser with no tendies lol
3 sandwiches at once is moderation?
Lmao
Calls on AAPL and NKE
I can’t read bruh.  The f am I going to do with this?
The new advertising.
If we go up around 1% monday retail will want to fomo in and  get those 390 calls and by then smart money will walk those down to give the max pain 

Or we could go straight parabolic and have a massive. Blow off top not sure yet but usually

After a massive rally into a close on Friday means gap up Monday
https://youtu.be/95suqaJcFtU

watch this
OTM what are you gay?
Yeah, I went with MT over Vale but both will moon. I just veered away from Vale because some negative press. Hope both 2x in the next couple months!
Huh?

It’s viral that all countries have ample diversity in their society, government and economies. It’s 2020. You can’t just have a nazi Germany tier ethnostate— or are you saying that’s okay?
[deleted]
Massive balls I salute
it’s subway LMAO
[deleted]
To others points, I guess he’s not of Indigenous African or American descents. 

But he is African American.
Yeah precious metals will bounce back and hard. It’s only getting started. 

I imagine just after tax season they are blowing up.
You so virgin, that a qtip has never penetrated your ear.
Oh ok an 84 dollar call is mental then
Dude I knew at work got pretty sick. But this guy is the sort of dude who takes the salad out of his burger.
Personally I think the best thing you can do is make sure you're keeping your immune system tip top.
Magic lines
Ily babe
Damn these people didn't know how to buy the dip back then.
Makes sense. I need to think about what stocks to sell so I can do this play. I'm already fully in the market. But maybe time to do 1 or two more monthly plays, let my calls run, and sell my stocks and go to cash for those. Cathy said there wil be a big correction sometime in 2021 and that we should have drypowder. So thinking maybe time to start preparing for that.
[deleted]
Exactly. I want to be like you guys :’(
lehman deserved what they got when they didn’t help bailout the industry years prior
[removed]
If anyone can do it, he can. That's the bet.
Play with a calculator
prophecy

they still havent released the black box and this isn't BA's flagship commercial airliner we're talking about so there is really no reason for the stock to nosedive yet 

indonesia is also getting a reputation for air tragedy now, dont think the market will be too quick to tank BA over this
[deleted]
Thinking Fintech gets wild in 2021. Probably buying IPOE to get SoFi at a 16bn valuation before the market bids it up to crazy high valuations. Investors looking for the next SQ in fintech and I think SoFi is the one to do it.
Like I told the other guy, I think you’re totally missing my point that they both suck, a lot. And blindly supporting either is fucking stupid.
[deleted]
I am thinking of purchasing AMD shares. That is all.
I’m sure that’s sustainable indefinitely
Sure NIO has the possibility of becoming a “successful” stock. What I don’t trust is the Chinese government OR the long term future of the Chinese economy.
It’s a sign you shouldn’t sign up. You’ll probably lose money.
CLOV is going to fuck me monday. Nice
Sold NIO a few weeks ago and haven't looked back. The reason? Because the most recent US bill signed into law talks about an oversight requirement. Now many of you may say "but NIO met those guidelines even before the law was signed," but the thing that scared me away from NIO was that the Chinese government doesn't require, recognize, acknowledge, or allow the types of inspections required by the new law. China has also been known to allow an Enron or two to be pulled in the past, so no, I will no longer be investing in Chinese stocks until there is a settled consensus on how to handle the regulations the US wants to push.

There is certainly money to be made within the next three years with NIO, but I am not looking to babysit an overvalued stock from China just as I am not interested in babysitting the overpriced Tesla (made my money there as well and then got out). 

Nothing I am saying is "anti-China," so fuck all your downvoting bots. I like NIO, like their business model, and love to hop on a stock that diverts towards the future rather than lingering in the past, but I also know that NIO is not worth it's current price, Tesla is not worth its current price, and the bubble will burst. So give me something that isn't already blown out of proportion and doesn't come with the same amount of caveats attached to it.
Thank you for protecting r/wallstreetbets this is ours. No one will fuck with the money printer.
[deleted]
You know they're A CCP plant if there is any semblance of logic to their trades.
Anyone know what happened To CLOV (formally IPOC).  Currently showing 0 value.
even if he's just trying to pump, if he's backed by the CCP that's pretty interesting, no?
Starting to feel it. Also extreme dehydration, and I drink a gallon and a half a day
Not even a little
Yeah, I’m interested in BB. But I can’t find any confirmation outside of WSB that they are going to be paid by FB in that lawsuit.
[deleted]
Chamath. Bro pumps his shit so much on CNBC and Twitter. Got a cult following as well
Very bad 
Sq, riot and Mara call
I am flattered and glad you found it helpful—please feel free to do that! This logic doesn’t just apply to NIO; it could apply to any publicly-traded Chinese company.
[deleted]
NIO stock would pop 10% just on the announcement of US expansion.  A lot of upsides.
The new EV S-Class is at 50% margin...

But as a consumer, do you care? Or do you just want the car you want?
What other products do you suspect that Butterfly has up their sleeves?
Basically outsource moderation to “the block chain” (whatever that means) so they can say look it’s not us it’s the block chain
😂
[deleted]
No. Those are crack. 🔥
BE
Any news on the PSTH-Stripe deal?
Do people normally hedge 3 weeks out with $6M in premiums
I sold some tsla to buy chinese ev stocks (nio, li, xpev) and I would have made more money in tsla.
Eow
My condolences. Seems extremely variable in severity. Some people are fine, and it takes others.
No, plenty of apps: Roku, iPad, etc. Fine, he can broadcast on FM. Done.
Look all I want to know , Is the propaganda working?

Cause i'm considering some retarded shit on weeklies.
Godbless freedom
people commenting that TSLA doesn’t need any more help from governments obviously don’t give a crap about TSLA’s mission of expediting the world to renewable energy. 

it’s only too obvious that this same short sightedness and greed is what caused them to miss the dramatic market shift towards renewables in the first place.

just sayin
I think this week will be the last week Tesla Moons
so putting on my tinfoil hat, this is an awesome post and excellent DD. why would china want to do this? to have influence over us investors. why would they want to do that? probably to sway the market somehow. why are they posting to wsb? because wsb might/does have the ability to sway markets?   


that last bit is what I, and many, have suspected for awhile. this kind of "confirms" it in my mind that is comfortably wrapped by Reynolds.
Don’t be a bitch and learn how to do the wheel trade.
Why would it?
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Hey, if you’re for real: kudos for sitting down typing yet another long reply to these hefty allegations instead of just rage quitting after trying to help others with your insight. 

Though way too people many people are racist dickheads, try not to take them too personal and don’t think they speak for every westerner. 

Also, not every criticism is racism. A lot of people are just afraid shit like Luckin Coffee will happen again. And given the legal structure of participation in the Chinese market and recent developments like the Jack Ma case, they see a very large risk here. If you want to address it, the best way would be aiming at the arguments and not at the person making them, for example: why is your DD just a copy of a CNBC article?
👍
Plane crashes, offshore platforms burns, investigations are called, autopilot fail even when the stock market is flat. Buy the dip.
Jesus Christ that’s horrible. Hope your wife pulls through the short term effects
Alexa play Rosanna
I was in PSTH but bounced for MT after all the fake pumping about Stripe. Didn’t trust any DD after that. 

What’s the latest thing being pumped about PSTH? I see it’s up.
Your mom taught you how to suck dicks
Strike price and expiration?
Yes and look the username, "notccp" yeah sure name very suspicious, what is next? A cia incognito?
[deleted]
Saying he spent an hour on that post. Pffft
And it will only go up, jump in the rocket retard.
Fuck the chinese bots
you got nice gains but if you misspell Cathie’s name like that again I’m gonna have to take you out by the Wendy’s dumpster and give you a little lesson in respect. Fake ass Cathie cultist
[deleted]
That’s one hell of a Monday through Thursday
A Democrat run country tracks directly with decreased deficit spending, so....
Post has been removed and the CCP shill has been banned.
Them joints bang
GME gang, NIO, PSTH, and Magical Space 5G 🚀
just spent the last 2 hours doing in depth TA on the weekend dow 🤓

tldr - 65% of accounts are short on this market so bul is fuk
Wake her up early and tell her she has to go because premarket is way more important than her being here
Hilter was a smart man
what’s worse, the guy lurking and remembers my content or the content provider
All I see are more dollar signs for apple.
My dad's bsst friend just died from it yesterday. My wife's family had it and was pretty sick but lived. 

So there is that.
Its also high class to mix your lit cigarette in your eggs
The same people hating on you for liking your government are funnily enough the same people that would suck off Trump if he let them.
Watching cathie woods YouTube videos makes me feel warm and safe
Someone has to take care of her right?
First, the Democrats only have 2 years right now. Midterm elections tend to swing hard the other way, as I'm sure they know. So if they do too much nonsense, they'll risk losing both houses in 2 years. So they have to be selective.


On top of that, you have Joe Manchin. He is probably the most powerful man in the country right now because he's the sole truly conservative Democrat. Any batshit crazy plans the far left had are gone. So no stacking the SC, for instance. And any tax stuff that goes too far or doesn't take the right path goes straight to the SC where it gets shot down.


But yes, massive spending is gonna happen, which isn't necessarily the worst thing. Spending and industry (and war!) got us out of the OG depression. We'll see what it does to inflation and interest rates, but it's not a concern for a while.
Can you post the source please
None of this matters. Aliens EOY
Chamath has made me a lot of money, but the dude is a prick, looks like he beats up little kids in secret
> The post was a literal copy & paste from the CNBC youtube video that was uploaded a few days ago

Link it.
Elon should respawn now.
When I take Metamucil everyday I have the most satisfying shits ever.
here is my two cents on things. If you want to make money & wealth you have to be flexible with. You either conform to the current "guards" or get rolled. Regardless of your politcal standing if you piss facing the wind, you'll have a bad time.  
Take it as you wish. Think as you want, but act like everybody else (to a certain extent i mean)
That's literally what they are NATIVE AMERICANS now shut the fuck up
> Elon Tusk: My 14-year-old son, Saxon, said he feels like 2021 will be a good year. I agree. Let us all make it so.

TSLA $1000 EOD Monday, $2000 EOM, split by EOM February.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Is MARA and RIOT going down tomorrow?
Gun stocks jumped like 20% when trump protestors stormed the capital.
[deleted]
Ackman are you serious ???
I love when dumb fucks act like this sub is something special and not just a literal pump and dump mechanism. 

Why does reddit think everything is "The CCP". Do you idiots sleep at night fantasizing about getting butt fucked by China or something?

The CCP wouldn't be wasting time on WSB to pump a stock you absolute pea brained dimwit. How would a collective $1000 between everyone on the sub even pump a ticker?

"Hey guys do you think the CCP is..."

Nope stop right there. The CCP is the least of your worries you brainwashed ignoramus
Uh, the deficit went up by 8 trillion in 2020. If there's a some inflationary doom cycle coming, the train has already left the station.

Besides, all the QE the fed did is deflationary. It'll be fine.
[deleted]
I'm in for 53 shares and holding.  No point in pretending a $3 drop from the lockup wont recover in a couple of months.
You're stuck in the matrix buddy
Oh I’m referring to being on the naked end of a call contract, the bearish outlook (sell to open). I see you are referring to sell-to-close
TLDR buy the dip if it drops to 10$ sell your house, car, and wife and go all in.
[removed]
but unfortunately life never really lives up to its possibilities, does it?

i’m down to agree with u if it was actually true
Why get rid of her just keep paying for dates using blood money 😈😈
It’s an old tactic; make a critical comment about the Israeli government and see how fast you get labeled an anti-Semite. It’s a fascinating quirk of homogeneous countries where the demonym can refer to both the people and the government, and people like to knee-jerk and assume the criticism is racial in tone. It makes it easier to argue against, even if the argument is misaimed.
Is that true?
Maybe millennials should take a hint and stop getting PhDs in African American Woman’s studies and learn a trade.  No one is inhibited by the cost of education like they should be.
1 day. symptoms gone completely after 2
Damn lamar that was wild
BB but it’s going to take some time 

Commodities are where it’s at in 2021
You sick perv
[deleted]
Reddit and social media as a whole is infiltrated so yes.
He is yes, but you are as well for not getting a hyperbole, and I am for commenting on this bull shit
Re: 5.

We’re not here to make money. Thats r/investing



Re: 3.

From western media: 


China has done organ trading & harvesting, 

highly censoring of their media and internet, 

performing ethnic cleansing (tibet, uyghurs), 

hongkong rights not respected, 

taiwan under threats of invasion, 

actively waging cyberattacks against western countries, 

pushes low quality products into international trade which negatively impacts consumers and producers (honey, soya, etc),

punishes harshly dissenters/whistleblowers (covid dr that gave alarm, journalists that were going around wuhan, hker students, 8964, policing wechat)
Stop putting in hugh j. Kok as your name and it will probably work.
Thats only 26k. 500k EOY
Spot on 😄
What you're saying right there is the reason why we are poor and they are not.
"Prize?"  You mean "pry."  We're autistic, not illiterate.  Get it together.
69
[deleted]
Depends on what he eats and do for rest of the weekend. Eating fast food in moderation is fine.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sure, in that case the market maker is using option pricing theory to come up with the price they’d be willing to sell an option for.
On sale? That stock was at $3 not too long ago
Hold
I want him in me
Tons of Americans publicly express disapproval of the government and even mock their leaders without fear of arrest. Can the same be said of China?
Sooooo just buy PUT LEAPS?
Just add the number 69 after your user name:

iamahomo69
[deleted]
Nothing is 0 til it's done
Isn’t the Chinese economy already officially the largest in the world?
Besides the radio in your car, do you have an AM radio at your house? I don't think I do.
This weekend shit is for the birds.
U mad, bro?
Elon pump it pls
Why wait till the morning??? Nut in her eyes and hair and dip.
How soon after did u start to feel better?
[deleted]
He was not kidnapped afaik, he is laying low and I’m guessing cutting a deal with the Chinese government. His companies were getting way too big and the way he was running business did not go with the party platform
>having a higher stock price doesn’t necessarily mean it’s worth more

it never means that ya tard correlation ≠ causation
R/investing is that way pal
Next, you’re going to tell us Elon Musk is not African American.
I understand what you’re saying about physical copies but it’s not like you can’t buy them from Best Buy or Target or Walmart or any other retailer. Or Amazon. And like it or not those physical copies are a shrinking medium. Just look at the fact that the Xbox Series S doesn’t have a disc drive. It’s on life support.

And you might not think they need to compete with the big boys like Steam but the fact is their road to sustained profitability looks really, really narrow. And if gaming is your bread and butter you can’t just forego that part of your market.
Trevor strikes again.
We weren’t driving. We were sitting in a parked car
As for Tesla my money remains on the sideline too. I had some calls in 2019 but sold them quickly after having a quick 20% or something gain. I mean at this point everyone should be able to understand that the Tesla bubble really is getting out of hand right now.
I think I’ll forget about my looses thank you very much.
Do you enjoy the concentration camps as well?
😂
[deleted]
bomb input bro anything else for me?
Lift / Clean Tesla / Wife and Kid
I felt like the users here used to joke more but everyone was much more informed on the mechanics of options & the markets
Good for me.
It's the weekend. Always bearish here on weekend. Bulls out doing blow and having fun checking every now and then whole bears are broke af and mad lonely all weekend
Not the craziest thing. Workday would be a bit of a stretch given the price tag, but one of the up and comer HCM platforms that has a similar style to Salesforce would not be crazy. Something like Zenefits which is pre-IPO and around $2B in valuation wouldn’t be far fetched.
Always doom and gloom till market opens Monday
This guy fucks
50
Most likely a hedge
How long have they lasted? Anyone else you know sick?
Fart in bed bro. Shit and dont flush.
OPEN is a bubble about to burst
It's a joke. 🤦🏻‍♂️
I mean, I'm kind of a retard myself so had to be sure
God I hope so
is it better to have deep in the money LEAPS so that delta is closer to 0.8?
Hahahahahahahah
started symptoms new year’s day. runny nose and 100 elevated temperature (not even a fever) were my worst symptoms. they went away 2 days later
Fucking ccp, coming in here to ruin this fine forum.
[deleted]
this.
Or possibly tucked in?
Tbh idk any white people in real life.  The only reason I know they exist is because of the internet.
- not from USA 
- shove them up your hole

100% Irish
This is shit advice, why would he do that when he could take most, if not all of it, and just buy a bunch of OTM calls and go for 10x what he has now?
[deleted]
RemindMe! 35 days
Let’s make a guess! NIO EOM prediction? 
$70? $80?
Stupid
I smell a lawsuit. You’re going to have so much more money to yolo on FD’s!
Meanwhile, Chase opens a branch right next to Joe Coffee and tries to create an integrate experience... maybe get out your butthole and recognize out of box marketing when you see it.
[deleted]
So volatility is the percentage of movement within a certain time frame, which is what for the determination of IV?
[deleted]
And?
A group of people with the same skin can color can still be, and most likely are diverse, unless all you care about is diversity of skin color, like a racist.
Yea, you can tell right away this was some propaganda...

Now will NIO still moon, most likely...

But they really trying to set it up....

As soon as they said, people bring their kids to the top floor of dealerships to meet other owners, I was like thats fugazi as fuck....

I Stopped reading and just attributed it to trying to pump...

Glad to know others can cut through the bs
[deleted]
Dude do you have a fucking life besides posting on these discussion threads holy shit. This is like the 10th post I've seen of yours
Exactly this. The data from Norway shows how in a market where over 50% of new cars sold are EVs, Tesla is just a small portion of those sales. Yet it’s current valuation is betting that it’ll be the #1 manufacturer by far.
Should have waited for the end of the month to post this.
Is it painful being that retarded?
Up/down all week thinking of an iron condor weeklie
Name checks out lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’ll be bold here - AAPL 160 by 1/15.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spelt
The problem with indigenous is that they came from somewhere - history demonstrably shows it was over the Bering Straits from Russia/Asia.  Who was there before then? You saying the "peaceful" "indigenous" didn't conquer a "peaceful" people prior to them? There's so much we don't know compared to the "narrative".  We all immigrated here - all of us.
I had mild symptoms. Loss of taste and smell and some congestion.
Trump 2024 + Local virgin. These flairs, lol. I’m so glad I haven’t pissed off a mod.
[removed]
[deleted]
It's just another kind of betting. Another kind of excitement. Results are fake. Growth is fake. But it's documented and backed by the goverment. Stock corresponds with the faith the people have in the goverment and the company. It's WSB².
Genius
So you do believe that a business paying poverty wages to its employees because it doesn’t make enough money to pay them is a good business model? The business relying on government to pick up the slack with food stamps and welfare is just killing it?

If minimum wage tracked with inflation since the 70’s, it would be over $12 an hour. Thanks for the PragerU refresher, though.
Lawyer up and sue the living daylights out of that person.
Kind of saw it coming when this girl I knew from college was flashing her .6 BT C position and telling everyone to buy
RDFN is much better
[deleted]
Wtf I just looked was it always that big
How can someone hate their body so much to eat 3 spicy chicken sandwiches from Popeyes at once?
Looks like it was 1.4M according to NASDAQ.com. Basically....weak af
Nice

I sold my tsla 950 1/15 on friday lmao
I'm Australian and agree the US has a similar thing.

Not at the level of China though.
CVS anyone?
And to clarify, I do agree we should raise minimum wage in order to make us stronger
I make sure to microwave it before hand to keep my head nice and warm
Lol. Anyone that thinks trillions of dollars about to be pumped into the Economy is gonna tank the Market, I’ve got news for you. 

YOU ARE WRONG! 😁
How much money did u put
60.10 with an instant drop to 58.90 and then build back up and close right over 60
Lol it just tanked 50%, gonna take a while to revert to the mean on that one bub
This is between the bridge and the soup kitchen
I WANT TO SEE TRADE ITS BEEN TO LONG
The size of the bet makes them dumber not smarter
I think you missed my point that nobody on this planet should trust their government, under any circumstance.
June 4th 1989
https://youtu.be/IS8_v6K2_Gg

Not exactly a copy-paste like the guy said (that was most likely tongue and cheek), but it uses a lot of similar talking points as the China bot's "DD".
[deleted]
I did not expect wsb to be so full of morons. America is far from the standard bearer of a “morally good” country, with China a close second.
Had it a couple weeks ago, mainly headache, body ache, chills.  Still have some brain fog going on.
TWTR will drop by 6% on Monday
[Smaller scale, but...](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/09/25/ice-is-accused-sterilizing-detainees-that-echoes-uss-long-history-forced-sterilization/)

[Also](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2020/9/15/21437805/whistleblower-hysterectomies-nurse-irwin-ice)
Same to you friend
Y’all fucks think the CCP is our biggest threat. The orange man fucked us harder.
Yes. It’s actually incredible the amount of free DD and quality DD out there. It’s easy to sift through the trash too.
Seriously? Kindergarten Cop.
It wouldn't be the CCP that did it but some bigwig that wants money, they might get disappeared later if they fail giving a fall guy but so what?
Look at this guy's post history before responding.
[removed]
Lol. 

This is such an MSM take. 

Median wage grew under Trump and GOP for the first time in decades. That now is down the tubes as the border opens up again and these dimwits will keep pushing higher minimum wage and higher taxes. 

The 2018 Tax Cut brought up household income in this country more than all the previous five administrations combined.
Im not, just giving my take on NIO day and think there is upside in NVDA (and maybe downside in QS)
Whoever murdered my flair, I would like to speak to your manager for a refund.
Back in Feb it checked out
Lol 🤡🤡🤡
[removed]
But what about when RSI generally lines up with long term peaks and valleys of a stock and I trade winningly off of this by selling premium at said peaks or valleys?
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/dbbc00/shitpost_bashing_autists_who_draw_lines/f20cpnh/)*
No, we let the CCP apologist and retards keep banking on Chinese tickers so they will get huge losses when their stocks get delisted. Can't post propaganda anymore if they're phoneless and homeless. They can enjoy the full extent of communism by joining the homeless community in the local Wendy's backalley.
Our whole household got it. For myself and 2 kids is was a fever and feeling a little off for about half a day. Less than a mild cold even. My wife had much more serious symptoms and was out of action for 2 weeks. Terrible and frequent fevers, out of breath walking from the bedroom to the kitchen, insane headaches as the virus entered the brain. Delirious in spurts. Hair loss for about 2 months afterward that has fully recovered now but still has some permanent changes to her brain and personality - maybe it will recover in time? I was fully expecting myself to be hit hardest. Scary shit if you are in the few whose body really has a hard time with it.
Chamath is dope, watch your mouth
Ok, i see a pack of bears in this thread. Ik ik, small group but bears scare the shit outta me. What is the actual reason you have arrived?
At this point, I'm all for whatever makes the 🖨  go "BRrrrrrrrr"
Honestly who would've though a bunch of trolls on 4chan could get so many people to eat this shit up
Haha not offensive at all just really bad and now that Gal Gadot has a fivehead she does not have the hotness to carry a film.
Wow sick call stock going to go down soon
I like your style. That is a great idea
Are you saying that we are turning into r/retardedInvesting????

Feels bad man...
Actual retard.
Why what’s going on
Wall Street is gonna pump big tech this week as a reward for banning 🥭 contrary to what a few pathetic bears keep spewing from getting raped back into oblivion last week
Vale to the moon
You can only post at noon mainland China time.
Lol it got removed
I’m counting IV to go higher closer to earnings. I want that IV premium
Yeah the point isn’t to keep businesses alive, it’s to maintain America’s “survival of the fittest” business culture. We are competing globally not domestically. If weak American businesses fail and we only have stronger ones, it makes us stronger
But all of your friends are doing it.
Tesla 16000 by year end.
Probably $rope
Vito, you mentioned that you prolonged the time horizon for the steel play. What are your recommended option plays for the coming week? Any deviations from the basic $28 MT June call?
Not OP, but thanks for that rec. I just finished Mr Robot and need a similar fix.
Buy the dip
$6 million in premium hit the tape at 3:59pm Friday on tesla 1/29 800 strike - puts
I have been hearing about the coming short squeeze for a year now
Don't forget your tinfoil helmet when you go outside please
They didn’t get to choose their government, you did.
Who’s scammier? Chamath or Ackman? Now THAT’S a tough one!
I too wondered why the Hyundai brand... maybe they could negotiate the best terms but it does seem like more of a hit to the apple brand. I wonder if apple is thinking more about a robotics partnership down the road as Hyundai owns 80% of Boston dynamics.
Anyone here have covid? If so how bad was it?
3 football games and 8 basketball games today.  The casino is never closed.
Yeah, it's pretty par for the course for forums to fake discussions. 

It's not just Reddit or even just forums though, pretty much the whole internet is shills all the way down. Kind of sad really.
Peeked pow blood red
Logistics companies did really well in 1860s. Not sure if it’s the same thing as FedEx stonks, but don’t see logistics going away in a civil war
calls allow you to buy 100 shares of the underlying stock at a certain price.. they become more or less valuable based on the amount of time until it expires and the value of the underlying stock.. For example as TSLA went up calls that allow you to buy the stock at 1,000 each share are still printing because of its time value and the movement of the stock.
implying a nondiverse set of friends isnt good is not racism retard. you’re projecting cause you’re white
[deleted]
Beetcoin & e t h e r
> when apple will release its own car.

That's what they're doing - Apple isn't going to build a car factory a couple models down the road - they pick a major partner (Hyundai) who has the capabilities to do the manufacturing at scale. Just like they didn't build a phone factory to make the iPhones.
Aaaaaaaand it's gone!
Why was it removed?
Nothing an August Ames flick can’t fix
Any luck?
I exhaled quickly through my nose
I’m going with AMZN. You won’t want to leave your home for toilet paper.
if a company files for ipo their chances of going thru a SPAC are basically 0 right ?
The point is China doesn't need to sell in the US or even Europe to reach the biggest EV market.
So you must know that the average Mercedes owner spends $1200 a year in repairs not accounting for maintenance.
Same with me to bad at all
[removed]
Tesla moon fuck bears ur going to lose money tomorrow
Yep. Mods just updated it from 2020 to 2024 which was kinda funny but some ppl get blind with rage when they see it and forget users don’t set their own flairs
Increased fear about a bubble might lead it to burst
Guess I'm lucky to live in Finland, where we almost get paid to go to university. I just have to pay taxes on everything (34% on tendies, for example).
not much of a DD when you claim something like 15% Credit and provide no links to anything
(Not the CCP) dropping by to tell you to go balls deep in NIO if you like tendies
This^
😎
Alright! I like this idea
Correct, our specialty is small cap.
People downvote you with their ultra hindsight x-ray vision clarity glasses, but you are exactly right.
That’s fair. At least you’re not just one of those “stonks only go up” retards
😂
Lmaoo trumpers downvoting
Went ahead and downloaded the app
Why you feel that if you don’t mind me asking
LMAO buy fucking calls then asswipe. Make some money if you know this 💀
Lol.  Chill out retard.  This is wsb.  Lose your money on your own terms.  

With that said... nio to the moon.
i may have a couponing problem
It is again my guess using Elliot wave, lowest it can touch $585 (extreme) and highest it can touch $675-$725 level, depends on how long the fall is and how sharp the fall is.

Again: This can completely go wrong, but I take chance with my own algorithmic calculations.
Sleep is for pussies
Conformation bias my tesla calls then I need it
[deleted]
So ask Elizabeth Warren?
I think all "I am not ccp DD" post should contain Winnie the pooh, tiananmen square massacre 1989, and free Hong Kong.
Uncle Roger, can you confirm??? HAIYAA!
Please take that stimulus and buy some new Jordans and an iPhone 12 Pro.
If I realize 4m won't that put me in the top brackets cause that's 4m income. If I realize 400k a year it'll take me ten years to sell
Not much in this market is value based. Even with all of what you say, I can't see NIO touching Tesla price simply because Tesla price isn't currently based on value but hype.
Not really.  Its a similar scenario at this point to the owing $500 vs $500m to the bank analogy.
[deleted]
Did you ever have to say the pledge of allegiance in school? You totally aren’t a shill 🤡
Yes but everyone is here because they think it'll go up more (it will) and that they can time when to get out (they can't, but with enough people trying some will get lucky, including me)
Imma be honest, ive never seen WSB more divided. Bears and bulls pretty split this weekend
snitches to mods. 

lmao making my job easier and easier
Mods need to delete that shit. Might be too late now, it's going to get pumped up anyways
Source on them mentioning the reveal at ICR?
U fucking retard
>Subscribed to /r/sino, whom denies Tienmen Square and the Uyghurs in camps, as well as /r/china_irl and other pro-China subs.

But yeah it's THE OTHER GUY who has biases and prejudices.
Which means my calls are going to print
Id rather post old content than lose all my money on puts
Yes it is, pal.
All I got to say is thank god I made 20k last week because this weekend is proving to be pretty painful
Guys investing noon here is this ever gonna come down?
Fucking gay ass shit wtf is this
DCA and chill
It's a lot easier to punitively cut China off from the global markets if China would remove VIEs.  As for Hong Kong that would require an invasion so I wouldn't put it in the same line of thinking.
Pepsi. Millennial COD players need Mountain Dew and Doritos to fuel them for actual combat.
A lot of the bulls I see love the product and point to revenue growth. I’m bearish on current valuation myself. Held my 1/15 $325p last week. I see a brief bump last week partially induced by Macro then back to a slow bleed.  I see under $200 EOY, especially if they keep missing earnings projections.
1500 hicks aren't starting a civil war fucking relax. TSLA AAPL ARKK ARKG ICLN.

&#x200B;

Def and wep stocks are for boomers.
Was too much of a bitch to roll my nio 20c out. I try to not think of the gains I missed
Boots on the moon 2022 propelled by exploding stock prices! When a stock rises in value in a short period of time it creates a dislocation of the air around it. By chanelling this energy SpaceX will bring american soldiers to the moon which will cause the stockmarket to boom enough to send Elon to Mars.
best response, but me either and am thinking of making a similar play
Nah I reckon the momentum will carry on till eow. Then perhaps people will rationalise a bit, could see Tesla back at 820 maybe lower who knows. Also historically there’s the post Christmas comedown so I reckon that will also be a factor in the inevitable correction. 
I can appreciate these aren’t very original ideas but just imo.
Well people in the Middle East still buy American shares so... should be Gucci. Tendies are tendies
[deleted]
Yessir
Colts, Rams, Skins 3 team parlay
Haven’t seen it but how is it offensive?
Alright I'm convinced you fucking shill.
I don’t normally call for bans but damn mods please hop on this dude. He’s not even here to talk options
Nah he didn’t apologize and pretend he was doing us a favour by doing so
Bruh TSLA dropped double that mid-day and recovered in 2 hours lmao
isn’t racism, friend.
If Hitler had a Reddit acct and posted “NIO to the moon!!!” Everyone here would upvote and be praising him

This is what we call confirmation bias
Admittedly B&M stores are Starbucks level saturated right now. They have been aggressively closing underperforming stores. 

They have $500mil cash on hand. 

Current market cap is 3x what is was 6 months ago, and still only 10% of what it was ATH. 

Fundamentals are ok, but not great. 

Ryan Cohen is the x-factor. Already had 13% of the company. And from what we’ve seen is actively buying at $16 a share. 

I think his next move will be his final move as far as stock purchase goes. He has to file a 13d 10 days after he buys stock at this point. So for him to get the best price possible he will be actively buying across that 10 day timeline before disclosing which will send the stock higher.
BB
Wife and kid
Delisted
No
Let hong Kong decide what they want.
In the context of why steel prices are now going to be having surging demand, yes. There was a global pandemic that drove demand down considerably. 

Even with it still being around demand is only going to sky rocket now since the “worst” of the pandemic will be believed to be over.
[removed]
[holy shittt](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenZedong/comments/ktj08e/happy_birthday_comrade_supreme_leader/gimbukf?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3)
It's very easy to be blindsided by euphoria. But in long run market will correct itself.
[deleted]
Relax this is just a subreddit. No need to gatekeep lol
Where’s the free one? First one free brah
As a bear you learn patience and never get to greedy when spy hits 385 this week I’m def shorting big
You should ask them what they want.

Hint, it's very different for each individual.

Native Peoples works for the collective.
Oh yes. 

Huge on precious metals into and all of 2022. 

Too bad the IV on jnug is high.
LGVW
I was testing to see if it worked. Looks like it does 😎
I knew that post was sus but didn't wanna say anything because the rabid nio fans would've downvoted it to hell
Yes, I am sure 👍
$4
Check the date, probably a mid-2020 article.
[deleted]
China gains power by being the perfect servant. The odds they would seriously fuck investors like that is slim, their economy depends on ours and vice versa.
Dr. PP agrees
Why would anyone ever read and upvote this garbage posted by some asshole calling persons from the west "retards". Garbage info from some random assclown.
62
LGVW. Bill Gates and Cathie
[removed]
[removed]
You guys need to take a step back and really think this one through, not everyone is being racist as shit but way too many of you are. Where is this hate coming from? Fear?
Is ark boomer for you too
Hahah which movie is this?
*blinks twice* thank you for this. This is the kind of feedback I come here for
Bruh like less than half of us subscribe to that fact-denial, conspiracy way of life. I wish I could banish those people to the nether realm as much as the next level headed person.
Racism is wrong, friend
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They aren’t going to go down just on a vacation to Australia
nee
$NIO opening price tomorrow?
All I can say is..as long as it pumps.
[deleted]
As long as it confirms people’s NIO bias they will upvote it.  Even if Hitler wrote it
BABA 🚀
csco in 2000: the internet is the future! everyone will use the internet and it will change the world and generate huge revenues! And who will connectveveryone? csco! buy csco at 2000 pe!

2020: evs are the futur! we can all afford tsla cars and everyone can switch to ev before 2025! fuck gas and ither types of evs! buy tsla at 2000 pe!
Qcln options have very low liquidity as opposed to ICLN
Ozsc is a highly diluted stock bro. Not gonna happen
!RemindMe 5 days
Loss of sense of smell and taste. Had a bit of congestion.
✨
I’m gonna go for February calls. It’s a YOLO play and a weekly could do it for you, but I prefer giving them a month for an announcement.

Nothing feels worse than being right but early.

Maybe get a mix. Look at the premiums.
No I think they’d probably post from an “American” account which would not be difficult at all for them to do
[deleted]
Chamath is the grown up version of Kevin G from Mean Girls.  So, Ackman.
Very true. If I know exactly what I want and Amazon can ship it, I'm buying it there. But if I'm not 100% sure, fewer options can be helpful. Especially if it's not something that really seems to make a huge difference to me. Plus for things like TVs, I've never once considered Amazon because I just trust Best Buy more for them.
This is why I got me a straddle options play going, for maximum pain lol. 
I have shares but with Cohan’s tweets and all the other stuff to take into account the stock is bound to move in one direction sharply. I just don’t know what  way
you carry a burden. condolences friend
Except it was great when republicans held all three 2016 - 2018. As witnessed by a fantastic 2018 and 2019. Even the recovery from rona was unexpected. A robust economy.
[removed]
I thought they shut down .. huh.. I’m in
This company is LIT AF.  🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀
LMAO

Total Meme Power
[removed]
Bruh this shot would be too high @300, but that doesnt matter
Malignant misogyny
Is it possible to convert those options into shares at that cost and if so how do u do it?
Not sure if your serious, but you can try looking for a reputable broker in India, and you can buy the ADR of nio.
What stonks are best in case of Civil War 2? Defense? Weapons? I'm thinking of short term calls on Ruger and S&W, with leaps on military contractors.
Totally understand that. I just think the image overhaul that will have to take place and the competition GME faces are far too steep for that effort to be successful.
How can people be so blind, that's why you missed out on the run-up. Am I replying to a ccp bot?
Not all education in America is equal.  I guess whatever shit hole you crawled out of has a bad education system but some of us lived in nice neighborhoods with good schools.  Clearly whatever school you went to taught you communism was great so your point of education being shitty in some places is spot on.
It’s not a problem until he puts pubic hair in my coke.
We want mr Ma back
Bro, the retards that are calling you names are probably the same missing-tooth fucks that stormed our capitol this week. Just ignore their retarded ass. Great write-up. Thanks for sharing.
[deleted]
So I’ve lost well over 15-20k here (most of my savings) but being in this group has been so fuckin funny I love it. I have 2k now in my tda account and a stable Career finally. Wouldn’t have been able to get through February till now without y’all
Edit/ Tsla 950 1/15
[removed]
I need therapy after watching this
Never even drew the link to WSB moderation.

Good point!
Walked into GameStop and felt nauseated after getting a whiff of nachos and BO. Half their store is filled with Funko and anime cat girl headphones.
It is I cashflow_ the most virgin of all virgins. How may I be of service?
What is crashing, futures arent open?
Remember when Apple had enough cash to literally just buy Tesla?
Uh huh. And what about yours. You pick that yourself? No? Me either
[removed]
Expect to be really tired in a week after you feel like it's cleared up and the tiredness to last a few weeks.
Why should I be critical? Do phone companies make their own batteries? Tesla in China doesn't even make their own dude they use CATL.
Yes, but that’s irrelevant ✨
dont even have to provide further commentary to why you’re retarded.

nice guy flair, thinks white people are diversed and tsla puts

jesus christ
No picture of a dog with a bunch of money 

This one must be fake
I recommend anyone wanting to invest in weed to do a picks and shovels approach I predict that if it’s fully legalized large agricultural companies will come in and do it more efficiently and cheaper forcing the current players into small niche rolls or being snapped up cheaply to be used for branding.
This. OP, you still feel lightheaded and are easily confused. Bright lights are blinding and you’re having memory problems. Blink twice if you get what I’m sayin
Ur portfolio will be red, I have spoken ✨
Is this why pltr won't go up
You're retarded. I only have two accounts. One is personally identifiable and one is this one. Good fucking response though. Very intelligent. Look at my post history retard.
Not financially cautious, but cautious of bullshit.
I was in China at an automation facility back in 2018 and saw the battery swap prototypes. It is crazy and I think it could be an awesome idea.
do dat to zuck
Yeah but I bought at 845, no correction should fall below 850, at least without notifying me first.
Ye I know that leaps are just as powerful, sometimes stocks can, too.
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stalk Twitter and Reddit for sleeper stonks
Man people fighting about nio so much. It might go up, down, sideways, let's just calm down and stop attacking each other. I'm bullish (with leaps) but I'm not downvote attacking everyone who questions it unless they go full ree ree
[deleted]
Yeah gonna grab some for 2022 and let em chill.
do you really think people will go back to watch movies in theatres ?  when this is over the last thing I'll want is trap myself in another room watching another movie. fuck this shit
I think indigenous is the new PC preferred term. Never got the sense that most care which word is used.
TSLA started mooning two months after Battery Day
Yeah let him free.  But not yet, just a few more drops in price then Im good
Spy weekly calls, buy at 10:30 then sell at 3:30. Hold overnight if you’re feeling bold
To the mooooon
it can, money will just go to other big cap FAANGs to keep spy afloat.. think we dip this week for opex then it will be their time to moon and spy goes to 420 before being done
[deleted]
I mean Amazon is basically the landlord and don’t like people organizing violent events on their property. They have the right to tell them to take a hike.
If a business can’t afford to pay their employees a living wage, maybe their business model sucks dick.
I absolutely am disgusted with Reddit today. The amount of hate I've seen is disgusting. I know humans are better than this.
The alcohol giant owns 38 per cent of the Smiths Falls, Ont.-based company. Constellation owns warrants in Canopy valued at $50.40 per share that would give it majority control of the firm if exercised before they expire in 2023.

https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/canopy-growth-confident-it-will-enter-u-s-within-a-year-ceo-1.1545700
A 0dte tsla or overnight hold on Thursday.. did that last week and turned it into 2400
I bought PACB and PSTH calls at close Friday because someone put a rocketship by their ticker name
Macro risk is making really anti business and anti growth decisions. As they always do. 

More regulations. More taxes. More demands. 

No growth. 

As our debt skyrockets.
That's exactly what i am here for
Funds have different time frames for rebalancing and there’s still a lot that need to buy TSLA. It takes time to scale into those positions. Anyone watching the tape could see the buying pressure was insane and it didn’t hardly let up
That's braille you moron, you're suppose to touch your screen with your eyeballs
5% up at open.
that video isn't related to your poster frame. calling bullshit here nobody visible in that image is wearing a mask why should we believe it is recent?
True dat
ZM ... hold or sell
[Don't be a sucker for the CCP shill propaganda! Free Jack Ma! There can be no wallstreetbets without a free market economy for the tendies to flow through!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pgZrQ4mOM4)
They can, but they tend to not like the material, and it stops them from being able to live in your mattress. So worst case scenario you get bit a few times but they can't infest your mattress like they do in other scenarios.
Hope you get well soon!
This is where my head is at for the last year! Cash the fuck in this year🚀🚀🚀🚀 RIP to all others who miss the boat
I mean if you get leaps your fine but i thinks this week and next we’ll be red just because of the fact that trump is leaving
$500P 1/18
He’d actually order the Jews to work the ovens instead
Small pp alert
If you just wait until March, then you can sell the options for Long Term capital gains and just pay 15% so that 1m will yield 850k and as long as you realize less than like 430k income for the year, they put you in that lower tax bracket. If you make more, it's like 20%
another fucking stock to reinvest earnings in...
Imagine talking about a whole race as if they’re the same person. Ignorant asf. Also, TSLA 1/21/22 100p WOOP WOOP
Lift off in 3...2...1... 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
What do you guys do on the weekend when the casino is closed?
cringe flair
Name doesnt check out...
[removed]
Yeah, get some whiskey, lean back and listen to 8 hours of original content. Fuck pay per view and podcast.
N o t a c h a n c e
[removed]
[deleted]
TL;DR but upvote for GME 🚀
VALE March calls
Obvious ccp agent is obvious
This.
This. So many fucking retards on here posting about GME PLTR and corn ffs.  Don’t care if it’s propaganda or not. Made fucking bank and will continue until it doesn’t.  If I wanted to buy American I’d still be holding NKLA like a cuck. 
  
NIO 1/22 30c
Fuck off
NIO is just getting started
I feel this on so many levels
Virgin virgin virgin. u/cashflow_
I mean, a lot of people think we're all buying into it like GME is the next TSLA, but really it just makes sense that Cohen is in it to make money. I'm not gonna fucking hold GME for the next 20 years, but I'm thinking it has a chance to pop off and make me some money.

I haven't bought something from Gamestop for awhile. Last thing I got was a used switch controller because it's cheaper than new lol. I just want the little arrow to go up some so I can make some money to not care about if stuff is used or new.
What's PLTR headed to on Monday?
[removed]
Incredibly brave of you
Petition to ban CCP shills, starting u/notccpbot
Hell yeah. Wishing you all the tendies with extra fucking dipping sauce my man. GL.
Wsb getting bearish 😟
[deleted]
[removed]
Vale is an adr, why wouldn't it be unable to be traded on Robinhood?
[removed]
Here’s what I do... buy atm calls and sell when you have some cash. 10% is fine...anything more is great.

Rinse and repeat.
Interesting 👀
Didn’t shit all weekend till now, 3 shits in an hour. Fuck
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
Pre-columbians? Or whatever they want to be called.
Lol. 

This is beyond dumb. 

Why should already struggling businesses pay their employees more?

Democrats are just dumb beyond belief. Yeah that’ll help the economy. 

They think everyone is Amazon and Apple with unlimited cash supplies. This will crush small businesses (as much as their dumb lockdowns).
Push the button!!!
SPCE
>Resolution isn't tied to megapixels, you can have a 2MP camera that captures in 1080p, megapixels are mostly relevant for printing photos.

That's because 1080p *is* 2MP.

1920x1080 = 2,073,600 pixels

4K is 3840x 2160 = 8,294,440... or in other words you *need* an 8MP sensor minimum to achieve it

Not sure how else I can show that MP is interlinked with resolution (basically pixel count without being attributed to an aspect ratio)

You need a 33MP sensor to do 8k and so on...

Go into medium format and we're talking 100MP sensors *because* of the high resolutions needed for large printing.

&#x200B;

>The company though will be left looking at the massive amount of batteries they are renting out that are being massively outperformed by the next generation.

Yeah, I think that depends on how quick they adopt the new ones and how many of their customers expect to get the new larger range batteries straight away.

They've got a problem if 100,000 customers all want to sign up to the new 150kwh battery the day it's released.

I actually was cross shopping an ID3 and Model 3 here in europe. With the larger battery pack in the ID3 it's not far off the base Model 3. Personally I'd just find the bit extra for a Model 3 but I think a lot of loyal customers will snap them up. You know you're getting a solid car... ID4 is going to be a big hit.
BRK-A
Yes! The message is that you can put yourself in a winning position.
If I was, I’d switch to “upvote if you’ve fucked u/Longishbull mom”
The market is fueled by emotions though 😂
It’s been fueled by emotion for a while now. Growth in a company and historical analysis now plays a small portion of SP growth. Human psychology and chess is now what drives the market.
Have you guys heard about MINE?
if most of your friends are white, i feel bad for u
And the CCP would still have all your money *and* complete and total control over the entity you invested in. Except now it’s going to be weaponized against you and your country’s companies. And I’m speaking generally, not about NIO in particular.

It’s just a question of when. When the CCP determines it has enough money and has built up enough power, it’ll do this. And then it’ll dare anyone to raise a stink about it.
Have u seen TSLA?
What’s the play?
Alex Jones in the house
itm aapl and amzn call debit spreads
Gme
Futes man will be here in a bit.
Chamath 1000%
Why is the wsj running their mouth on my girl cathie
Remind me a few months from now!
**No one sees the bubble until it pops**

Everyone feels I am TSLA bear, big no! I am able to foresee using my algorithm and posted here. Let me take a put Monday and see after 10 days.
Apple gets to have all the branding.

Consumers don't care their iPhone is Foxconn.
RUN
Then why worried?
[deleted]
[removed]
why is everyone saying its red coming weeks??
Toasted bagel with cream cheese and lox and he would’ve hit the off button on them ovens
white people have no self-awareness. why would they? society doesn’t challenge them.
I’d go with Chamath. So I can throw boiling coffee on his smug face for having made Facebook addictive and then after making his billions saying he apologized.
look at the chart and think whats more likely
Well put. Mind if I copy and paste this? There’s a inordinate amount of NIO shilling recently.
[deleted]
Ethnicity isn't a race either you dumb fuck
I wish I was this much balls deep
Sasha Grey
[removed]
It’s the step before your trades become “evidence.”
I love Chinese index funds because the stock price is what the goverment says it is. It can only go up!
[deleted]
[removed]
To the TSLA bears: I’ll sell you the puts and be there to feast on your tears when TSLA blasts off to $1000 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I guess you would eat your secretary's ass 🤷
Indigenous
OK, this was really low effort. C'mon man, you can do better.
DD too long. Bought more $TSLA
TSLA 1500c 1/15 bro. All in, don’t listen to 🐻 there’s no bubble or incoming crash.
Any
Te$la
Yep, thanks. Liquidity stuck out at me too.
Hello! Fellow retard my banker said NIO is a $3 stock. Also how you speak English if you Chinese?
Too poor to buy anything buddy
Remember its gonna be OPEX week and MM's will be damned before they pay out all the retards and their calls. max pain coming
You fucks really go to my old post to downvote? Lame as fuck and you too
Oh thats Kevin! he always does that, but so far nothing has come of it. We still put his crayon drawings up our fridge because they give us hope and remind us how special he is
It’s almost like there are no consequences and they don’t care. Spin up/buy another account and repeat.
!RemindMe 5 days
Lol have you read the funny news recently? Apparently Mango’s words are not important anymore outside the white house
[deleted]
If I were apple I would’ve chosen Toyota. Reliable cars and I see them everywhere nowadays. Go for a 10 min drive and see at least 10 camrys
Sir, this is a Wendys
ban
China rules
Y’all will kill me, but OZSC or CYDY for a 5-10 bagger ready to explode. 

Bear case: you lose half your investment 
Bull case: you 5-10 bag it
Cuck looking for updvotes \^
[removed]
First of all, if you bought it from GME then that is already a win for them. Second, I never said you had to give your game back to GME. The benefits of physical discs are that you can resell the game or give it away to anyone you want. You are not stuck with it. That benefit will never go away.

Regarding GME buying and selling used games, that depends on them. If GME can be competitive with the used market then they can be like Apple with their buyback program. You will sacrifice some value, but it will be for the convenience of not having to deal with potentially random strangers on craigslist. I can't comment on the price structure, but I am sure Lord Cohen is planning something as we speak.

This isn't a black and white scenario. This is GME catering to different smaller markets. They are not necessarily trying to directly compete against Steam or any of the other big publishers.
Been thinking about this Parler ban. I wont try minimize our constitution and Free Speech but even that has its own checks and balances.  It may be legal to speak your own opinion about whatever you want but if you are at work, in social gatherings, in public etc. But if you start talking about the Holocaust wasn't real and the QAnon Lizard People Conspiracy expect social ostracism .  Online anonymity can create monsters, that is why places like WSB have moderators.
TSLA 2023 $50-$250 range.. lotto tickets
I think a majority of this sub is here because they see the gain posts and they just want to throw money in at copying the same thing. It’s how my retarded ass started anyways. It wasn’t until I started getting fucked by following some of the advice that I started doing my own DD
how retarded does it make me that I'm not sure what to do with the doc? shall I make a copy of it in my own Drive?
[deleted]
You mean Amazon puts.
It’s not just possible, it’s inevitable. I can’t say how long it will take though. That’s the problem with puts. The insanity can outlast your expiry.
I fucking knew I should’ve closed my RIOT calls on Friday’s close, but I didn’t
X ray negative? Sounds like the universe is trying to tell you to put some leap calls on X.
Buying opp before biden orders 7 new printers brrrrring at full speed thurs
😂😂😂
Idk yet but im definitely fucked
The movie is shit, no doubt about it. I only saw the first on a flight.
youre too late
You can go out drinking with Chamath or Ackman? Who do you choose?
Even if it is CCP, it confirmed my pre-existing bias and nothing in it was dishonest. 🚀Thank you CCP for the lovely DD 🚀
I downloaded Robinhood what stocks do I buy to rich?
whys that?
are you joking $400 target price??? Did you get confused again the moon isn't epcot at Disney okey im talking about THE MOON GME 1/11 1,000,000c
pinned.
$250 to buy some calls. SOMEONE GIMME A PLAY
Lol lot of bears in here today, must get lonely in the cave, they saw the scary green candles went away for the weekend and are out to foretell the impending doom. Enjoy the thread while the bulls are out getting laid.
I figured it was a 1 in a million shot someone would pick that up. Nice!
Remmeber its OPEX week and MM's will be damned before they pay out all those retards and their calls. max pain coming
nice i’m top 10
Same, I feel like if one ev company does well, then every ev stock benefits. Same with tech stocks.
Congrats on the money ur gonna get from the lawsuit
[deleted]
CCP shill trying to sell Chinese.
Go away thanks
Would it be worth pumping this one stock and then pulling the plug, though? If they did, hardly anyone would touch any Chinese stock for a few years.
MAXN
Bless your heart.
Weekly Tesla puts or calls this week boisssss??
Aren’t the terms Native American and American Indian outdated?

Americans were never Indians. That was just a misclassification by sailors with poor navigational skills who thought they landed in India. 

And any American born in America is by definition a native. 

What would be a better term to describe pre 1700’s Americans? OG Americans?
It is because China wasn't the enemy of allies. Nothing to do with race. Stalin killed more than Hitler too.

Losers = the worst evil
Why the F do we have a red blood WSB theme now ? Should be green as F
it's going to $100
Any level in mind?
Gold is a market hedge. If you can make money in gold, you can always make more with other hedges. Perfect for Boomers.
25 & 30 C strike? Like, whats the strategy here? It feels like you don't think GME has any more steam left it in? Or, you're just trying to hold for long term capital gains tax? I feel like based off of all the DD and 🚀's that GME getting to a price of $35 - $40 seems pretty realistic. Why cap your gains with that low of strikes?
I would totally listen to that lol
I agree battery swapping is stupid, i actually didnt know that was their gimmick. I barely want to fill my car with gas lmao.

 I would think that they would change in the future though and then the investors just get more excited and say oooh wow even though tesla did it 5 years before. I really think they might try to force tesla out of china eventually. Hard to say whats gonna happen but i know i wouldnt dump all my money into either one.
Worst case is June and Sep correction. Just don't expect mother of all CBs to take place under the FED monetary boot
Everybody is waiting for a correction but as long at the S&P has Tsla there’s no way it’s going below $650-700 anytime soon
I waited a little I feel like Monday gap up to around 385 then a test back to 375
Vale brother 🚀🚀
Alright, DAL calls it is!
why puts?
I’ve seen this comment so many times. Congrats on being a paper handed pussy.
8:10 this morning Im literally sitting in a parked car, passenger side when I see a car coming directly at me at a very high rate of speed. The next thing I know the car crashes directly into us. Taken to the hospital, CT scan, Xray negative. Sprained shoulder. The driver of the other car was intoxicated.
he’s just mad he has to let the SEC know whenever he wants to touch his own dick
ARGO...vw and ford.. and ford stopped making cars a year or 2 ago. I think they might wind up a contender out of nowhere.
If the CCP did that, it would be akin to launching an economic nuke. China would never get another cent of foreign investment and that would be far more catastrophic for China than it would be for the rest of the world.
[deleted]
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-08/biden-calls-for-quick-pandemic-relief-minimum-wage-increase?utm_source=url_link
That's exactly what it wants you to think. You'll see. Come tomorrow TSLA will be green.
Quit CFA cuz WSB is easier gang
Upvote if you’ve gotten or currently have COVID-19

Curious about who can speak about their experience first hand. I got it last week and felt like a shitty cold, but not as bad as the flu. YMMV
Nio trades 100 million daily.  How the fick can you pump it on wsb
this is such an underrated comment. He's literally the epitome of what he's trying to dispel.
Very very similar vibes to the luckin coffee fiasco. Lots of ground level “DD” shops were packed in China.
There are things to love and hate about the US as well. You can love your country without loving everything about it.
Not the first time my mom and gravy has been mentioned in the same sentence.
If 10 people reply “Okay” to this comment, we will open big green ✨
Its a white paper dude. I have no emotions, just facts. 

This is about money.
If printed money is backed by labor, its fine.
Gon shoot up past 60, where all profits will be taken who been holding and buy back in at the dip
Good shit my guy.
[deleted]
Get Wild Wing and Johnnie Walker Blue
65
Nah, everyone booted that app off. It can't be just AMZN who gets fucked... if such a thing happens, all big tech will get wrecked since they all are in on it.
How you guys think small caps will do in 2021? I'm thinking of yoloing my 401k into the jpmorgan small cap growth fund
[deleted]
If 2 inches is big, thats points for self esteem. And points for being an absoloute fucking retard.
My CFA father is such a gay bear. Wants me to sell my ICLN and ARKG LEAPs because "da market could have a correction." Fucking 🌈🐻
So you're saying NIO is getting pumped by CCP? This means there's a short window to get in and get out before it blows up. 


But seriously: this is probably a reaction to the other post explaining how non-chinese cannot buy chinese stock, that baba and NIO are basically promissory notes that can get shitcanned at any moment.
Trump should go old school and have fire side chats on the AM.
Im your black son. Glad to finally find you daddy!!!
Friday I attempted to buy a put on NIO, accidentally sold a 1/15 60p  - First put I've sold , what should my play be?
Thank u for posting this, award well deserved
We’re all retards here.
wonder how much they cost
Sell the news
[removed]
It is a short term drop like technical support/resistance, not crash
Anyone that has legitimately read NIOs annual or quarterly reports would know that this wasn’t new information.
This is about INFLUENCE. Not size.

I haven't seen a single person talk about wanting a NIO in the US. They only talk about STOCK PRICE. 

No one is hyped and excited to get a NIO in US.
A true autist; spends $200k buying random shit for others, gets gains porn of +millions from it -
The last administration ran the largest deficits of any president in history. 

It’s unlikely that the next one will surpass that.

So I would assume it will be like the last four years, or maybe not quite as much.
There's a distinct difference between having congress and the presidency and actually being able to govern. We've already heard inflation isn't expected to increase until at least next year also.
I understand, but I think it’s our right as progressives to boost underrepresented evils and give voices to POC mass murderers
NIO day was a fucking slapper. Did anyone see that guys DD on it?
So put your money where your mouth is and short this shit, and every other Chinese stock. If the ccp had your mentality, they would've cashed out with their tendies 20 years ago. You can't see past your own biases and prejudices, and yet you think the Chinese must be the ones that are brainwashed
They never did 😂😂😂
💩🪙 crashing
Are your apple calls sore rn?
Motherfucker!  I'm chinese..  nio,xpev and jd 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

That's all the dd required  now buy
When it happens (when, not if; and republicans are not that much better fiscally) would you rather be in USD or in equities?
Then leave lmao. Y’all come into subreddits looking for shit to get angry, and are surprised that it’s there.
Positions???

edit: saw further down "Loaded Jan 15 $845 $850 and $900"
Ya I do, the 2023 calls were cheap af
Yeah so what
ok wumao
Thats when RKT will finally moon
Got it sell GME buy NIO am I doing this right guys ?!
in general i agree but still get puts when spy crosses upper bollinger like this
Since when does this subreddit value a “cautious mindset”?
This doesn't capture the full story though. Note that after the end of the Bretton Woods system (the policy of pegging US dollars into gold), the US dollar was able to maintain its status as a world reserve currency by using petrodollar recycling (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petrodollar_recycling). In simple terms, observing that oil is what drives the whole production of goods, you go to Middle East companies with a shit ton of oil and make a deal: "I'll protect your land with our strong military, in exchange you sell all your oil in only our US dollars." Since everyone needs oil to make stuff (not just for fuel, it has a ridiculously large amount of utility), every country in the planet now needs to have dollars to fuel their economy, so demand for US dollars skyrockets worldwide.

The problem is, in order to keep the status quo of the dollar from being a global currency, you need to have a constant outflux of dollars from the country, so that is why the US has become an import-driven country with immensely large trade deficits. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triffin_dilemma) As a result, deindustrialization sweeps the country while cheap imports from the overseas replace domestic products, and the country has effectively become one fucking giant shopping mall, all thanks to the troops on Saudi Arabia. Industrial areas heavy affected by deindustrialization (such as the Rust Belt) are fucked over decades, and as a result right-wing populism (ex. Trump) rises as a reactionary force against globalism.

Another problem: who benefits from the US dollar being a global currency? Mainly the bankers (who get to keep churning out dollar-related financial products), and global megacorporations (who get to conduct businesses with credit from the banks). Also, and as bankers start to be the dominant force in politics, credit becomes a solution for everything, so the government let people "borrow" their way out of stagnant low wages and high costs of living (such as housing, medical care, and education) instead of fixing the fundamental problems. This all leads to accelerating economic inequality (especially for the millenials). And while the government bails out large banks and corporations for making risky or even fraudulent decisions (using the well known PRINTER GO BRRR), now there is an increasing left-wing populist voice (ex. Bernie) to fuck those bankers and corporations, and use that newly printed money to the actual people instead. 

While in the states the status-quo Democrats and Republicans (the neolibrerals) are increasingly pressured by populism from both sides (left/right wing), from the foreign world it's going to be a game of musical chairs - it's going to be about who dumps the dollar first. And probably China is going to fire the trigger at some point, as they have stopped buying US treasuries for their surplus dollars from their exports starting from 2013, and instead is loaning those dollars off to other third-world countries for them to build infrastructure, and in return expand their political influence around the world. Also, rethink why China is trying to invest a shit ton of money into renewable energy, they're not just doing this for the "environment", they're also doing it to detach themselves from the petrodollar system. A self-sustainable energy grid without dependence on resources from foreign countries ensures that you'll be more independent from fluctuating oil prices, as well as the political/economical instabilities surrounding it (for example, the Iranian revolution leading to the 1979 oil crisis). 

In conclusion, the US is fucked, and unless you change this current system, coronavirus isn't going to be easily eradicated, and mass evictions and riots will continue to happen. It's either a slow, painful death (maintain the system until it disintegrates) or a quick one (actually try to overhaul the system from what you have).

The words got a little bit dense because it's rather insufficient to capture the problems of the neoliberal US economical/political system in a single Reddit comment. For a much detailed explanation, I recommend reading the article "The Fraying of the Petrodollar System" (https://www.lynalden.com/fraying-petrodollar-system/), as well as Mark Blyth's talk (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGuaoARJYU0) if you don't like reading too much.
Same bankroll, same idea. We got this brother 👨‍🚀
Put on your big boy pants and quit getting offended, retard
*$100Billion
ICLN has bigger growth coming this year, IMO. They have more diversity in terms of types of resources they are investing in.
Say Yes! To tacos!
Nivida weekly 600
[removed]
so it’s all about anxiety. i understand now. gl friend
Yeah, kinda doubtful any substantial amount of people will leave Twitter over this. It has been common knowledge Facebook sells its users basically since its conception, and that continues to have limited effect on its user base.
Either way, every NIO DD should have to include a photo of Winnie the Pooh. This will help us filter.
People who are saying this is a bot - Jesus! I don't think the CCP would be retarded enough to pos propaganda from a random account with 0 post history called 'NotCCPbot' JESUS!
TSLA 1/21/22 100p. Big dick gang here boi
QCLN is 10% TSLA and NIO
Ah Gal Gadot fair
Diabetus
RemindMe! 4 weeks

&#x200B;

Bout to be richer than your whole family off this one play
“Tesla is surging. Is it too late for investors to get in?“ what do you retards think? Seems like they dont know either
Green by open. Yall annoying so said it first
I remember this movie... differently 🤔
Valid points but you can have ai learn all the gradients given a state and let users choose the energy function later for actual optimization
Or you could ignore it and play something else if you don’t fancy the current numbers...
Since Nio Day had some interesting releases and both stocks often correlate with one another I expect Tesla to rise atleast a little longer. Nio sticking to high-end cars also resolves potential competition, since Tesla ist starting to develop more affordable cars.
Rumplemintz and corn dogs
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
So flat for the last 3 weeks?
It's literally written in their plan.
This guys is just an index fund manager who didnt buy Tesla to balance after the inclusion. 

So to OP and other market makers, your days of cucking retail out of their money are done. Well hold through any drop you create to cause panic so yoyr buddies can get in. Thank you, and fuck you all.
If your argument is opportunity cost I hear you. For me this was a prospect I feel comfortable being in as it feels less pump and dumpy even without a target. I got in around 24 also so my upside vs downside is something I like
We need u/deepfuckingvalue or GME gang to give this thread a couple of golden ternion awards.
[removed]
[removed]
I want whatever he's having
[removed]
I know we’re all retarded and our girlfriends are all getting it from some other sub, but maybe we have to start doing research........ like going back to my dog choosing my calls.
Oh I'm sorry isn't Tesla an American company, made in the US, with massive demand internationally?

I dont see that type of hype in America for a NIO. I've never seen anyone say "I can't wait to get a NIO". I see a lot of people talking about the stock price of NIO but no one wants to actually get one...
[deleted]
[removed]
It technically delists Monday.
[deleted]
got my first ones friday, will scale in more if its green.. top is near. .ight jump another bit before that though
But Buffett said he advises only investing in SP500
iv is soo high its too boring
How many of you guys jack it to chinese cartoons?
This entire subreddit has a suspicious shill problem. It's one of the curses of high-traffic, high-content venue. Half of the posts I've seen on here lately have been trying to pump absolute garbage or just karma whoring old meme-stocks.
It would’ve been up 150%, so it’s essentially a dip of what could potentially been 

Trust me I’m an autist
Nio partnering with Nvidia to make self driving cars which are going to require a subscription!! 🚀!!!!!
I don’t think people that idolize Hitler care about being racist
Was NIO day good enough for it to go up on Monday?
Buying that shit anyways because a lot of retards will believe it
China has been taking huge steps in developing and moving their economy away from unskilled labor. They have a ways to go, but you will notice that much of your “cheap shit” is made outside China as well.
Wym?
Looks like they still have small portion of Workhorse but they did cut their NIO holdings my fault :(
Yup. Similar to February almost one year ago
Your first paragraph is literally what everyone is saying GME is trying to do.

You're second paragraph is literally what Ryan Cohen is trying to do with GME, and literally what he did with Chewy
Tesla is going to 3 trillion dollars in the next 2 years.
If you consider that Elon Musk can IPO starlink, the boring company, and spaceX at any point in the future, I’d say Elon Musk has been the richest man in the world for a while now
Dems won’t want anyone saying they caused the stock market to fall so the pump goes on long enough for them to take credit
News? Im holding 10k worth
[deleted]
Which Chinese girlfriend hurt you?
[removed]
Positions?
What are the other clean energy stocks one can buy calls on . I’m not trying to keep buying calls on boomer Icln. Plug already too high
Nah
Y’all delusional
save ur leaps broooo
That feeling when you have all-inner and realize there is nothing but air and greater fools holding you up  


Fugayzi, fugazi. It's a whazy. It's a woozie. It's fairy dust. It doesn't exist. It's never landed. It is no matter. It's not on the elemental chart. It's not fucking real.
2024 is late not early
Why do you think it'll be a bloodbath for big tech?
Damn, even the mods have been compromised by ccp. China! It's always China!
The average retard on here can’t make a well put together post like that, so it’s definitely sus
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [All Shall Perish - Wage Slav](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZ-dv_Wl7og) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZ-dv_Wl7og)⠀►►⠀ 2:29 / 3:44 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Sent you a DM
Upvote but pause on that flair
Maybe that's what is in the vaccine...
Well, the latest meme stock on WSB is steel. I have every reason to believe vitocorlene on this but his steel posts were basically his first posts on reddit and we are all eating it up as well. Im like 8k deep in steel because of those posts. At least his account was 2 years old though
How about me am I broke?
Buying $GOLD like a retard. When the bottom falls out from all this irrational exuberance, Barrick Gold will be our savior, though. But with Biden pumping super hard next week I’m not sure what it’ll do. In a year though, $GOLD will be in tendie town. This market is doomed.
[removed]
Only 90?
🔮Red open tomorrow, green by close
It WaS bAcK uP iN tHe GeRmAn MaRkEt!
上海人？
See r.geopolitics .substantial ccp presence on all posts related to China but in a subtle way. Posts with pro China views get gilded up voted so and so on
I stopped reading WSB, it's all pump and dump since the sub blew up. I'm just here for the shit posts and memes.
Can you explain what a call option is, and how much they are now ? Sorry for the ignorance
TDOC. GRVY. Your mom
Lesson I have learned from being a 🌈🐻 from March to early May: Just stfu and drink the FED Kool Aid lmao
I think Amazon also has a problem with their electronics category in general. There are too many options for each product with very nuanced differences. 

If I go to Best Buy or Walmart to look at TVs I get  brand then size then 2 or 3 more options (good/better/best). Amazon carriers every 55” LG ever made even if the only difference is 1 more HMDI port. 

Same with computer components. 

It’s overwhelming even if you know exactly what you want. 

GME:🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Spectrum Business girl is 🔥
Alexa play Wage Slaves - All Shall Perish
You better have some damn self respect
[deleted]
The market should never close, agree?
if u can’t hold the boat steady with 60% + IV, you’re just poor i think
I’m buying up every single Mara dips if it happens
I wish it would hurry up. I want to lose more money!
Lmao Baiting Trumptards into destroying their iphones is fun. they will ultimately buy another one with Biden stimmy after a week passes and they pretend nothing ever happened  My AAPL calls will sore.
Lol I’m the sheep cause im contrarian on nio?thats one is good! Im not yoloing FDs and im firmly against this weeklies culture. I bash every noobs with a get rich quick scheme mentality. If anything wsb has become something else in the last years, very painful to watch
[deleted]
Never ever trust the Chinese, their government is evil
Honest thoughts on SPCE? Holding on to 975 shares and slowly accumulating. They really seem to be dragging their feet at the moment, real stingy with info about the recent and future flights. Is my money better here or add to my 1400 shares of PLTR?
The big difference is qcln has tesla and nio as top holdings . Yeah not sure why theres not as much love for it though. Probably just the cheaper entry point to be honest
The Greeks are simply the parameters that poop out of the Partial Differential Equations relating to options. If you're interested in the math, here is a digestible [explanation.](https://kidquant.com/project/option-payoffs-black-scholes-and-the-greeks/)
First few results here will explain it, brother or sister:

https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&source=hp&ei=Nkz7X9S6B4GosgWF0LCIBQ&q=wumao+meaning&oq=wumao&gs_lcp=ChFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocBABGAEyCAgAELEDEMkDMgIIADICCAAyAggAMgIIADIECAAQCjICCAAyAggAOgsIABCxAxDHARCjAjoICAAQsQMQgwE6CAguELEDEIMBOgUIABCxAzoRCAAQsQMQgwEQxwEQowIQyQM6BQguELEDOggIABDHARCvAToLCC4QsQMQyQMQkwI6AgguUNcKWO8PYLMcaABwAHgAgAF5iAGJBJIBAzIuM5gBAKABAbABAA&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp

Basically, a shill or bot astroturfing for the CCP. Wumao is 50 Cents, the joke being that’s how much they get paid for each astroturfing comment.
[deleted]
1000 1/15 true autist coming through. Make way.
Genghis Khan
Top 3 plays for me rn are GOEV, N N D M, and B N G O
 can i sell them to you plz
Last time I checked QCLN it had severe liquidity problems compared to ICLN with options
I mean we should pump nio but should not fall for ccp propaganda
Signal Received!

You truly belong here fellow autist
[deleted]
[removed]
I’ll check up on you tomorrow
[removed]
I'm from China and I was pretty surprised by the post. NIO isn't very popular or even well-known here. You'll see them on the streets rarely. The most popular by far are Tesla and BYD. (BYD cause they're very affordable)

Also, I've never heard of NIO houses, seems like marketing talk
Wallstreetbets, providing the best financial advice, and content on the internet
TDOC is amazing
Broke of being sick
Big PAAAMP for QS tomorrow... hope some of you got in on the $dip
TSLA was at 566 only 20 days ago lmao. This shit is going below 300 before June I bet
Is there another way to do calls? I just thought that was how it's done :P
God i’m fucked🤦🏻‍♂️
I cant stop laughing at this 😂
NIO
Just look at his profile, it is china irl I think.

Actually CCP shills would act like normal redditors, they wouldn't tell you they're from china lmao.

He is just a regular investor and likely a huge NIO fan
QCLN has Nio and TSLA as the top holdings. They have had their rise and won’t jump as much as these strictly green stocks that have slumped for the last 10 years.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/ParlerWatch/comments/kuf741/video\_showing\_cult\_terrorists\_savagely\_beating/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ParlerWatch/comments/kuf741/video_showing_cult_terrorists_savagely_beating/)
So many Tesla puts where opened on Friday🩸 green Monday on Tesla 😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
It does but I’d wait to see how it looks tomorrow
!Remindme 1 year
Your stocks have gone up?!
Sure. More the merrier. More stimulus for me
Honestly if I was told I was getting an authentic Jewish bagel and instead received an English muffin I’d be pretty resentful too
lower share price most likely
Take a load off 

Force close those apps and do a restart.

Also nuke your temporary files.
i doubt its even a rounding error lol
Is it Monday morning yet? 😍
So I'm guessing the other L is for people who shorted TSLA?
2k yolo tmw morning. What we got boys?
Nextcar was the original name for NIO before they changed it. 

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/tesla-of-china-nio-stock-price-millennials-snapping-up-shares-2018-9-1027552608
Sick of being broke
I have seen this happen in several subs . It slowly starts then takes over the entire sub in a subtle way
If I question what happened in Tiananmen Square in the spring of 1989 will that get this post deleted?
Here's what you need to do. Buy an end of week tesla call ridiculously out of the money when we see a morning dip, than sell quick and repeat.

Gives time to observe the stock for rest of day and see how it performs aftermarket.
So soon!?
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Open at 820 and end at 720
I am in Chicago. They are based in Australia but they have a NA branch.
This is the type of post that makes me suspicious every wsb retard is not actually retarded. Thank you for writing this response
Is anyone else going to buy MARA tomorrow while it's on sale? Im selling my ICLN leaps for it
[deleted]
A lot of it is networking
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [FUBU Banks - Fuck Iran      ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1y1CtCJc8I) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1y1CtCJc8I)⠀►►⠀ 1:17 / 1:56 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
is it monday yet?
**[Chinese people](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese people)**

Chinese people are the various individuals or ethnic groups associated with China, usually through ancestry, ethnicity, nationality, citizenship, or other affiliation.The Han Chinese are the largest ethnic group in China, comprising approximately 92% of its mainland population. Han Chinese people also comprise approximately 95%, 92%, 89% and 74% of the population of Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and Singapore respectively.They are also the world's largest ethnic group, comprising approximately 18% of the global human population.Outside China, the terms "Han Chinese" and "Chinese" are often conflated since those identifying or registered as Han Chinese are the dominant ethnic group in China. There are 55 officially-recognized ethnic minorities in China who may also identify as "Chinese". Although Hong Kong and Macau are both under Chinese sovereignty, both regions are highly autonomous.

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
[removed]
56
At 600 Tesla is still a 600B company, still too high.
There's so many current stocks to be bullish on and yall picked fucking gamestop. You people really are retarded. In these 2 months you have spent trying to force plays on gamestop you could've been up 50% or more on several other plays.
40k principle currently, started with 0$ jan 2019. ty friend
When do those warrants expire if you know?
Alexa play fuck Iran
Where is Wiliam Li???
[removed]
1) Yes, I absolutely am. I’m also a degenerate. A retarded degenerate. 

2) It was hyperbole. But literally speaking, NIO is up 1900% in 9 months and TSLA is up 800%. THAT is fucking retarded.
Tesla has best margins per vehicle than any other auto maker
I cannot understand choosing Hyundai of all the manufacturers out there.  Really going to royally fuk their premium brand recognition unless I'm missing something.   Who knows...knowing Apple it will work opposite and make Hyundai a more premium brand.  Wouodnt be surprised
Thinking TSLA opens around $840 and then hits 1000 by Friday
Just spam this shit everywhere lmao 

动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
Anything not American to Americans is bad and inferior. Americans have been brainwashed into thinking we are the greatest country on earth in everything because we say we are. Sorry for all the hate you get from these racist fucks. I bet there are hella Tesla cultists in here as well bragging about making under 500k cars last year. Thanks for the write up.
[deleted]
Buying Jan 22 leaps this week. Premiums are pretty low imo.
Link?
You're incorrect. It can refer to nationality and ethnicity.

> Outside China, the terms "Han Chinese" and "Chinese" are often conflated since those identifying or registered as Han Chinese are the dominant ethnic group in China.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_people
Ya that was kinda my thinking about the lower stress, more time to think about own business etc but idk man
In 2019 China bought 21M new cars.  US was a little under 17M.  China is the world's largest new car market.
Desperation. They already tried this: Project Titan. Failed and laid off everybody. 

I guess making cars isn’t the same as consumer gadgets. It’s good news for TSLA. 

Amazon bought Zoox. Nobody lost their shit.
If TSLA opens green I’m putting 25k into puts
Check their daily holdings as of the 8th of January :(

I didn't know about this ETF till you mentioned it, got hyped, and now I'm disappointed.
c0rn dropping, tsla -1.5% AH and retards still think tsla is opening at 900 tomorrow 🤣🤣
Sure, but ur argument is that a human life isn’t worth one to one. That is, it’s worse to go to another country and kill 10 people than it is to kill 20 in your own country? 

All I’m saying is, if you’re a bad guy and want to be a bad guy, it’s racist to idolize Hitler.. since there are mass murderers who are POC who are responsible for more deaths.
Lots of people, lots of money.
Funny star wars planet name...
means he saw rocketships and just bought a bunch of calls lol
[deleted]
Nothing is for certain but the American market is, and probably will remain, the gateway to international fame/marketing etc. 

I dont find NIO to be innovative in the correct way. They are solving the wrong problems and investors are getting too excited about short term bandaides. Battery swapping is not as sustainable as a business model as are increasing range and decreasing charge times. 

Who cares if I can swap a battery if in the future it only takes 5 minutes to recharge fully and can last 1k miles?
Seems a big preference to ICLN vs QCLN here. Any reason?
Ah, not sure about the Aussie market rates for accountants.  I’d reckon that US accountants would be getting close to 80-90k at the 3rd year.  Some people I know are closer to 100k in the 5th.
It’s been a bumpy ride for PLTR lately but I believe it’ll print like JPow
 Got a good feeling about my SPY 378 puts baby 🩸🩸🩸🩸
Can I be your wife if you're right?
I want everyone to be blessed with a nice stimmy so my gold positions bless me ✊🏼
I have no idea. Hopefully within the next 5 months since that’s when my calls expire
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good luck, go short the market.  I'm getting calls all week
Why do you think 45? Curious
Can I get some honest predictions on VALE? I blindly followed you retards on some 20c 6/18 and they’re killing it. But just curious what the long term outlook is
Link the sub immediately
Is this the guy that was sitting on top of an AC unit?
Are you from the future cause I want to listen to you
It was below 600 less than 20 days ago lol. I could definitely see it hitting 500 in the next two weeks
shut up retard
>They are not ahead of the US in AI, they are just actively and very publicly employing it to monitor their own citizens.

And their citizens are ok with it largely for cultural reasons. This overzealous implementation of surveillance and AI is also why they have [gotten a grip of the pandemic better than most other countries](https://www.google.com/amp/s/fortune.com/2020/10/27/covid-china-ai-battle-us/amp/)

China’s economy is forging ahead putting [the pandemic behind itself](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/10/18/business/china-economy-covid.amp.html%3f0p19G=2103) 

Also China is actively [exporting its AI technology and software to over 60 countries](https://www.forbes.com/sites/anthonytrippe/2020/08/31/china-is-gunning-to-be-the-world-leader-in-ai-chips-while-restricting-exports/)

This doesn’t look a country in throes about to let out a death rattle. But here’s an upvote for the effort reply.
i’m up 120% yoy and my major players are ba sq tdoc bidu and @qb

all tickers wsb barely talks about. keep shilling psth lmao
😂

I really wish u all good luck, no sarcasm, no offense... All of this makes 0 sense to me and this post is wet dreams, speculation, everything but not DD.
Who gives a fuck. Stocks be pumping right now.
That’s what everyone said about dishonoring the Hong Kong treaty, too.
Too many bought GME and PLTR short-dated options.
GME
This februar? Lmao
As much as I like Cathie Wood, Chamath, and some other hyped investors, I'd love to see their performance in a downturn market (if ever happens). Right now, game seems to be an easy mode and everybody is right. People forget that there were times when stock markets were flat for more than a decade or even negative. Not saying this will be repeat, but I feel like even a 6 months lasting bear market would wipe out most of the extraordinary hype around this new breed of investors and their 0 cash flow companies.

Stock markets became a vehicle of capital gains, and good cash generating businesses are being neglected. I am really curious to see if there will be a transition to value at some point.
virus link 🚨
DD longer than 5 lines. Yep can‘t be legit wsb.
We've got like 3 years of a bull market coming with the amount of capital that is flooding the market. Minor blips in volatility in the near term
Idk, man. The dems are still hella conservative, and iirc past dem administrations didn’t go crazy with spending. I imagine they will try to be “civil” and attempt to please both aisles (pussies) and get nothing done. 

Plus, I’m also fairly sure that republicans are bad for deficit spending as well, they just give more money to corporations than citizens. I could be wrong, though.
I dont think we are going by most deaths as the only metric. Pretty sure the USSR would be on top
>  applied to hunting and gathering you create a very rare human that can survive completely independent of the group

That's BS. How does abscessing over one aspect of survival turn out to be an advantage? Besides, that's not even how autism affects people. It's a spectrum with wildly different symptoms depending on the individual and the severity of the case.
Except for the quotations of market makers, in unliquid markets with very wide spread between bid and ask those quotations are calculated.
On this? There's only three pixels. Lol
45
FUCK CHINA, TAIWAN NUMBER 1
BFT is good for 100%. PsTH is good for 200%. That’s the best I can do for you.
It’s never a good thing when either party controls all 3. Just like 2016 all that can be done is wait and see
This was going to be my next post 😂👍
It's why you should never, ever invest in Chinese companies.

But these kids have invested in a Chinese car company.  China, who makes the cheap shit for the world.  This is a product that is supposed to keep you safe on the road, and you idiots have bought into it lol.
Wow so you read WSB for 30 minutes and everythings gonna 🚀🚀🚀
>eventually triggers an inflation run

Well we better party hard until then. Go figure out when it’s going to happen and get back to us nerd
Bears come out on the weekend because it’s the only time their puts aren’t bleeding
Excuseeeee me...don’t forget PLUG. It literally says hydrogen too.
Tesla 600p Feb 19 will print millions
Its literally every single Sunday and this is actually a concerning lack of bearishness.
Imagine thinking we having a red week with orange man silenced and Buyden coming in strong with a stimulus package on Thursday. 🚀⬆️
What's wumao?
You would train it on all the years previous market data.

And the stock market can be considered a game, you're winning if you make as much profit per year as possible...
But it’s up 1900% in 9 months already
Shorts lost 38 billion last year. 1bilion in one day on jan. 1. You don't want to make money??
Go with the trend make some money. Old money bought and locked 20-30% of the float In the past month. Its safer than it ever been. Tsla bubble bears amaze me. TSLA TO MARS
🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Presentation on Tuesday and merger meeting on the 20th
That would give them a market cap of around or near the valuation of TSLA, today.  Within... 5 months time.  Good luck with all that.
Is ICLN the best energy ETF? What do you think about QCLN?
NIO open at $65 or $50?
Man, I was just there for 9 years and never had snow. Moved away in Sep. damn!
The best advice Ive gotten was from someone who had failed. 

-myself
All I see are facts
[deleted]
Again, I love you fucking retards.
Zimbabwe dollars to the moon

Edit: fuck I forgot 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌕
Hitler caused a world war tho
I don't know if you are aware but you are trying to reason with people who proudly call themselves "retards" and "autists".
Is it a stock or an MLM jesus christ..
Industry. I work for an Australian public company.

No CPA tho.

I also never work more than 40 hours and have a pretty good 401k so it makes it harder to swith.
I was talking about the actress.
Using the term "retard" is offensive as fuck and you are all awful people for allowing it.
Are you talking about glory holes?
Everybody gets one
[removed]
You’re clearly very invested in them, and have hurt feelings that I pointed out their quality sucks. That’s called “bias.”

I’m genuinely glad you’re making money off the stock, but that has nothing to do with their pure shit QC 🤷🏻‍♂️
Why not? Seems promising
[deleted]
To pull the plug on VIE would be a huge mistake though.  They make trillions in overseas investments.  Cutting that off would be economic disaster for China so I wouldn't worry about that.
Ehh let’s wait and see for Futes to open. I think next week will be a bloodbath for big tech and the sp500 will follow but who tf knows about Tesla
Didn't Stalin outkill both of them? The difference is Stalin Mao fucked their own people, Hitler went to other countries to round up jews.
Do you keep the premium when the covered call expires also? And doesn’t get exercised?

Thanks for the help guys, love the strategy 👌
God damnit why did I read this I'm all in
Luckee Coffin
Fuck it I’m in
Yep buy morning dip sell quick enjoy quick gains than repeat the next day
LOL at Apple. Can’t even do it in house and need a third party. I’m an Aapl and TSLA investor and find that Apple trying ev’s out without in house design is just so fucking retarded. If they don’t come out with the AR glasses news this year I may just move my Aapl position to fully TSLA.
did i? all my tickers wsb barely talks about
I’m just Jacking your Ma, respect and congrats. Initial investment does matter tho
>(users here underestimate how much influence this subreddit has).

lol
Looks great! Still have to print mine :)
Hm you making with cpa and what city if you don't mind?

I don't have cpa and went straight into industry and I'm in Chicago
[removed]
To be fair they grew up ONLY knowing the CCP. Basically like Hitler youth. Of course the approval rate is high because they get literally blasted with propaganda from age 0. Most of the Chinese aren't responsible for e.g. concentration camps. It is a dictatorship and a propaganda machine and assuming every Chinese person has something to do with the heinous actions of the CCP is just wrong. By that logic my grand father would be a genocidal person because he grew up in Nazi Germany even though he never participated in that regime.
I truly believe the catalyst of the next market crash will be Tesla
That seems low to me. Are you in a private firm or work corporate?
How much do those accounts go for you think?
Can someone run a face recognition AI on this?
I SEE BLOOD RED ALL OVER WSB TOMORROW. CCP BLOOD RED.
No it means you are a sheep who believes anything they read as long as it aligns with their preconceptions. I know what is an ADR and I don't give a monkeys arse that it's the share of a shell company in the cayman islands. I also don't care that the books are not audited by the supreme authority.

FFS why is it too risky to invest in a Chinese company, but YOLOing FDs is good risk management?
[deleted]
2022
Stroke of luck you mean?
Looked at Reddit on the PC once when I wanted to confirm that I had really actually blocked wipesasswithsocks.

It’s a wonder that Reddit survived long enough to make it into the mobile era. That shit is awful.
Well fuck me
I’m not gonna say that he will be attending a funeral soon. *but*
Thought about it but nah
[deleted]
I thought I was looking at Mara 25c 1/15 and it was VALE 25c 1/15. Bought 50 @ .01 on accident. They’re up 150% lmao
Because you took their advice to reach this point?
Is nvidia lookin hotter than nio?
[deleted]
Pleas fly again
Same here.
Fuck Off CIA, go back to your hole and don't touch my Nio
Criminally undervalued when it's like doubled in a few months already?
Direxion says they still got it https://www.direxion.com/product/moonshot-innovators-etf although https://www.etf.com/MOON says different but direxion runs the ETF so I would trust their website more
Yea girl, I got that thang on me 😏

Tsla & Nio calls🚀🚀🚀
Or explaining how big her schlong is compared to yours
Add -stream to the post. Like reddit-stream/r/xxx

The link was freudian but I'll leave it.
Fuck, this guy has weeklies expiring on Saturdays?!
Exodus. Movement of jah oysters
Losses? What’s that
Yeah - Bobby Lee would be good. Maybe B. D. Wing too? As like a mirror image of the protagonists?
[removed]
Yeah, but his name says he isn't a ccpbot!
Anyone that sees red is stupid. Stimmy news coming on Thursday. Marketing mooning to ATH again. Spy 500 eow Tesla 1k eow
My whole portfolio is SPY and TSLA calls. Over exposed af lmao. But theyre gonna print all week so 🤷‍♀️
All good. I sold a bunch of riot last Wednesday. Had I just held til Friday I would have made 10k. Add the tesla 1200 calls I had for March that I sold that same day. That was 20k missed out on. All I had to do was not be a bitch and sell....
[removed]
Since Reddit is infiltrated I would assume WSB is as well.
They lied about their solid state battery. This is luckin coffee in the making.
Which tickers you looking at? Long dated puts are almost always overpriced it seems
🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀ONLY AMERICA HAS BEEN TO THE MOON🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀

🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀ONLY AMERICA CAN GO TO THE MOON🚀🇺🇸🚀🇺🇸🚀

🖕🇨🇳 🖕🇨🇳  GET FUCKED COMMIES 🖕🇨🇳 🖕🇨🇳
This sub is pretty much 99% "DD" or meme pump posts and 1% "I'm so smart, I gained a fuck ton (this time)" or "Lol I lost like 300k nbd". It's not even worth the effort to get angry over any one post. The amount of pumping on PLTR, GME, TSLA, NIO of course, and others in recent months has made me rarely look at posts other than daily discussion, and even then in those it's like 90% rocket ship pump comments.
How do we block the cunt
[removed]
>racism/politics

Wtaf
I have a law degree from overseas . Can I just do an IB master’s and get in or ?
What food and liquor combo am I going with today to get me through football 🤔

AAPL 139c 1/29
ICLN 39c 7/16
GIL 12.5c 7/16
Is this not on Robinhood?
Jay Leno would be proud of that chin
need someone to pump PLTR
[removed]
why am i relying on cash holdings during the greatest bull market known to man
Idk man
Apple and Hyundai to possibly reach deal in the coming months. This is excellent news for TSLA bulls 

https://9to5mac.com/2021/01/10/apple-car-hyundai-production-deal/
Trying to pump a stock something new here eh? Lol.
Where have you been the last 12 months, it's literally happening 24/7 on here
When will this fly again?
Fuck the CCP
Yeah I’ll take assignment if needed, I’m confident in the company
[removed]
STPK for Power Sector because battery storage is the future of energy

Stem is their merger target whose the market share leader in battery storage - ahead of Tesla!

Energy storage maximizes ROI on wind/solar generation AND also decreases operating costs for large electric customers that don't have renewable generation by lowering demand charges

They sell the battery storage system and provide SaaS using AI to optimize charging/discharging the system based on a variety of factors such as demand charges, market rate, ect.

  
Positions: 1,100 shares STPK  and will be buying any dips
Thank you for making sure to depict accuracy by already knowing it's to track losses instead of gains.
Me Chinese, me play joke, me put peepee in your KO
To be fair all you idiots are sus.
2022 250p is an easy 10x
Cause Papa Musk blessed the city with the flurries of snow.  Eat it and you’ll have a part of him in you always.
Inflation makes stocks go brrr.
Hong Kong was already freed from apartheid and Opium Wars induced British colonial rule in 1997
Holy shit. Can I hold a $ ?
GME 🚀
The roulette wheel also has green lmao
Fuck you CCP shill
You do know it will be back up over 40k by tomorrow morning right?   People are actually trading this on weekends.  So expect profit taking.  Look at it the past month.  And yes, I’m holding a lot of RIOT shares so i am biased.
Investment banking
Mercedes is unprofitable as fuck....operating margin at like 1.7 %
Same reason Sirasha hot sauce doesn’t run ads.
... right?
dude his name its not ccp bot, i think that speaks for itself, he is totally legit 100% no problem here
Fuck sharing economy
Why you think it will go up like that ?
If I have a game I bought for $60, why would I sell it to GameStop for $10 when someone on a third party market will buy it directly for $30? Same as a consumer... why would I pay GME $45 for a used game if someone will sell it to me for $30?
Red week for sure
Bulls Loving The "Heads I Win, Tails I Win" Market
This week will be green as shit with more stimulus coming.
A lot of people plan to short Monday due to censorship bullsheeet... But that makes me sure even more that it will rocket higher🚀🚀🚀🚀 Monday I’m going to double down.
Bahaha the camera wink. I think I’d cum immediately if that happens.
Chicken tendies
This rests on the idea that people will buy more out-of-state if their current state decriminalizes. While that’s certainly possible, I think it’s negligible on the grand scale of things. Legalization is what drives the $$$
Thats just your pink eye acting up retard
Idk I feel like Wonder Woman was far more offensive
yes I know about that.  I did get quite worried
Stop staring at your mom’s butthole
It wasn’t bad DD at least he lives over there & gave his 1st hand opinion/view 🤷
Ya of course lol. CPA with BBA in accounting finance.
I think most everyone in the sub is a swing trader (weeklies/monthlies). I only hear of day trading when they also mention scalping.
I sometimes accidentally open Reddit on my PC.  I quickly close that tab that looks like a woodworking forum from 1998 and open Reddit on my phone.
[removed]
what if it’s self-made within 2 years ?
So nio calls 3/19 or no ?
I have 100 15c 2/19s
Just like the protests this summer..not surprising. People are idiots.
The whole Chinese education system is built around making every citizen a shill that works for CCP.

It's functionally irrelevant if they're paid.
Yea haha I have 100k in cash and waiting until March once my W2 comes and is settled to use it for a mortgage loan... I will get more company shares by then to convert to cash... the market relentless ...you will get crushed if you use an FHA loan against cash and conventional players...things are interesting haha
[removed]
$15 by the end of this week
[deleted]
Ummm...that’s where like 80% of the money getting sloshed around on a daily basis comes from. For like the last 10 years.
Honestly, it’s racist that Hitler gets the credit for being “most evil” when Mao killed more. Think about it, if Hitler wasn’t white, would we think of him the same.. or just another Mao?
Does this mean the post from the Chinese autist that was pumping NIO can’t be trusted?
Well, I'm a retard and thought it's not going to shoot up 50% in couple of weeks.
[removed]
I SEE RED TOMORROW !
Someone just broke $100k finally from a $1mil initial “loan” from his parents! Congrats!
What if it opens at 600?
Where in that paper does it talk about EVs?
Cramer checks this place every morning. Just gotta be lucky.
What would you train it on? The stock market isn't a game. It doesn't have a clearly defined set of rules. The number of variables, decisions, and outside information makes Go look like peanuts.

What do you define as successful? Maximizing returns on average? Minimizing losses? Everyone has their own risk tolerance so even defining success parameters is a tall order, which is like step 0 in architecting basic AI.
I believe there’s a short squeeze that’ll happen in the near term. Institutions own 97% of the float, and open short interest is ~70M shares. 6 days worth of daily volume in open shorts.

Once the stock starts moving upward, they’ll have to buy back to close.
Got 100k in shares and 100k on 2/19 calls. I’m ready.
you people are fucking idiots who gladly ignore every foreign company with stakes in any endeavor unless they're from china. stop using this sub for republican political propaganda you loser.
little red in the morning to make you sell then mars
Cheers mate, i tried makin my own to track my dollar cost averaging but this reminded me that that is a 🌈 strat, im yoloing tomorrow
When you do more DD on users than stocks
Where was vale mentioned in the delisting?
[deleted]
Username checks out
950 checking in
Free the Uighurs!

Taiwan is a county!

Give Hong Kong their independence!

Stop drawing random lines in the South China Sea and presenting it as evidence of Chinese borders!

Have you seen the Tiananmen Square aftermath photos? Jesus Christ 

Where is Jack Ma?

Tell us the truth about Covid19s origins or at least let the WHO investigate! 

But most importantly: NIO 🚀🚀🚀 $300!!!
[deleted]
The fuck did I just watch
Under appreciated post, thanks OP. Tons of sympathy tickets that will move in these sectors too. Also, cyber security tickers as well (BUG, HACK etc)
Reddit retarded
This seems fun. I always wanted to get good at chess but everyone's too afraid of looking like either a nerd or a tryhard
I invested in this 2 weeks ago and lost a hunch rip
Hi I’m a robinhood millionaire take my advice. Buy TESLA 1k 1/15 so you can be like me.
BB will fly again.
except for the mattress pumping retards
You must be a private eye, sir
What if I am the boss at work? Hmmm
Bueller, bueller, bueller?!?!
Only if it’s goin up. Otherwise hold off 😅
[deleted]
Elon’s originally from South Africa, but he’s American.
[deleted]
What if Tesla opens at $930 tomorrow 👀
Upvoting bc retards need to have the cautious mindset. The only shares you should be blindly purchasing without researching are GME.
bidu skyrocketed 15% friday and i haven’t heard a peep. cathie also buys it continuously

go away retard
Anyone getting into CLOV?
He is trying to trick the algo to inverse WSB and fuck your calls
China sucks
[deleted]
Sure, companies can't sell it nationwide with impunity with decrim, but there are MSOs with divisions in each legal state. Idk the specifics of any decrim proposals, but seems like eliminating the threat of the fed cracking down on the companies would be a boon for them. Hell even without any legislation, having an AG/DoJ that has no focus on weed at all should be a big difference from grandpa Sessions or Barr over the last 4 years. Idk, you're probably right but I still think the cannabis industry is a fine LT investment.
But his username literally is u/notccpbot. Must be legit!!
And the Chinese government will actually hold NIO responsible for assembly issues when parts don’t fit together correctly.
Check out mmedf
50% + day for G hiv and I’d nut
notccpbot also said he loved his government compared to the US shenanigans. Ok so concentration camps, suppression of speech, and organ harvesting is lovable?!?!?!
Lol. Everyone at the Capitol got COVID-19 after the no-mask wearing riot last week?

#BULLISH 🚀🚀
Did you miss Friday?
What's a blind call?
True that’s a given
[deleted]
It’s a combo of many things: 

Repubs have been against it, hampering progress. So dems are outspokenly for it. So complete dem control makes people expect government aid to it

The tech is rapidly improving in general 

Worldwide there are goals to full switch to clean energy in the next decade or two

So it’s basically an inevitability, and if Biden does pass legislation to help it that would help the stocks. 

It pretty much becomes a bet of “how much is already priced in” vs “how quickly do we think the new administration will do stuff for it” when it comes to options
“We retards can’t even read”

Why the fuck is that so accurate
Lame duck phase, no one cares about what he says or does.  

Dems are fired up and ready to start reversing shit they didn’t like that he did anyways. 

NIO to the Chinese moon 
*disclaimer I do not hold NIO but the prez is fuckin castrated and can’t do shit*
AJ Brown and DK Metcalf.  How you supposed to stop those dudes?
Omg open the market already
Tontine. Soooo much more an investor friendly spac. This is a spac that because of its structure you may not experience the wild swings of the usual spac path
Red and black both sound negative. Should be red and green. Change my mind.
This sub is subconsciously making me buy Luckin Coffee, BABA, JD, Baidu and Herbalife for some reason
I’d watch McConaughey any day, but in this movie I want to see cool disguises. Bond meets Mission Impossible with gadgets and cunning.

Who is the antagonist? Bobby Lee?
i have 6 figures in my robinhood now and like the great kanye once said, why would i take advice from people less successful than me
Lmao I prefer the phone— desktop doesn’t have the option to hit “live comments”
Fuck you bears my 940 1/15 Tesla call will FUCKIng print tendies
Is Reddit being retarded or did I just get IP banned until now
ICLN is the easiest money to be made this year.
There’s been connection issues all day.
I'm looking at longer dated puts for the inevitable next 737 max crash.  That happens and it's gg for BA.  And I believe it will.  The design of that plane is just awful and it's only a matter of time before another one falls out of the sky
WSB is actually retarded lol.

It was just a random Chinese guy hyping nio here, he is now calling you guys retards in the china sub for thinking he works for ccp. 

Actual CCP shills wouldn't even make you suspect that they are shills. And if NIO is being pumped by CCP, it was done months ago when it was in the dollar range🤡.
I've thought about this seriously, what if DeepMind trained their general AI (AlphaZero, successor MuZero) on the stock market or forex.

Have it analyse all the major markets around the world and at the same time give it access to all the news at the time to process.

I'm sure it wouldn't be perfect but I reckon it would do exceptionally well, probably a 80% accuracy rating or something.
[deleted]
Haha NIO Houses what a joke Nio lifestyle brands idk seems they drank too much Corporate America Koolaid
This
It’s hideous
Don't do it Randy. We don't need another covid special.
It enters all your comments backwards it's a pain in the ass u have to reverse ur comment to get it right
r/agedlikemilk
Welcome to Sunday before futures open. Then when futures are up 1% it’s just autistic screeching til market open
Why pay for it when CNBC and the news is covering them constantly
GNOG
A: Sufjan Steven’s and tacos

Question: what are the only reasons I’m still alive?
You know that little bit of freedom that was taken away from you during the pandemic. Multiply that by 100 if the ccp takes over
LOL Pleas Charge Again is pretty funny
China's EV market is half the global market currently. By 2030, both Europe and China is forecasted to have up to 50% of their cars on the road be EV. US, just 1/3rd by 2030.
AAPL is desperate to get into the EV space. Amazon bought Zoox. The big boys are seeing something bigger than most people.
Lmfao it’s the red scare all over again
what’s your portfolio size
[deleted]
They seem that scared of forced moderation that they'd do this instead.
Watch The Hater
Circus Breaker eow 🤡
Extra irony, Apple pie isn't American
I feel like Hitler is Vader and he has someone tryna replicate him..
[deleted]
How is the top close when trillions are about to be pumped into the economy??

Get out of tech and into companies that are undervalued
Tbf, I can’t believe it with Americans either.
TIL 5'11" - 230lbs is scrawny. Maybe if you started giving singular fucks about what some other people say instead of falling in love with the sound of your own voice you'd make some righteous tendies and wouldn't be so cranky.
Woooosh
I wouldn't rely on a redditor's 'history' to determine veracity of post or posts. One of the reasons people karma whore on reddit is to turn around and sell that account with tens of 1000s of positive karma to persons or organizations who then used the purchased account to push their social media agendas.
My bad I meant 2/19
Wait people use WSB on their computer? I always am on the phone don’t know how Reddit is on the PC
It's still showing it as an option in the app
For real. Or Elon with tesla. TSLA would go straight to sub 100 if Elon disappears.
I’m Irish so I had to read that a few times to get the meaning right
He tried but he didn't realize it was a Thomas-brand English Muffin, that's what kicked it all off
It's standard, blackberry does a lot of integrated operating systems for vehicles and such now - and nvidia does the self-driving processing.  That's why you see the same partnerships across Canoo, Nio, etc.
How fucking green are we gonna be tomorrow
Scared money don’t make money. You need to stop being nervous, and start being hungry for money. Get in the right mindset. We’re making money tomorrow, let’s goooo!!!

TSLA $900 EOD 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Lol stay ignorant I'm sure it's working out for you irl
Holiday numbers being announced at the ICR? And the consensus is that people are thinking they'll be bad?
He can for like two years until IB exit oops come up and those kids make 4x
You have puts then?
seriously the psth hype is actually so overrated. the shit moves like a snail and isn’t even worthy of being a meme
Hyundai has their own E-GMP platform which they'll use for all their announced vehicles (Hyundai/Kia/Genesis) until 2022. What makes you think they'll use the Canoo platform for Apple?
Apple pie is Canadian!
The risk/reward on some of those cheap TSLA 2023 far otm puts are just too good to pass up.
Fair point.
To think about it, never seen a Tesla commercial
It's not like this sub can tell difference between someone pumping and actual DD anyways
From what I just read, seems like MOON dropped NIO and Workhorse.
GME gangers and NIO nibbas
You’re right it’s not rn but I’m sure it will be once we’re only a day or just hours away from ER. But I agree if IV stays below 50-75% or so I’ll hold
I’d be ok with that!
Totally with you, dude. Hey can I interest you in calls on tinfoil?
Unless you have retarded strikes, youll bank
Or watched Wonder Woman.
No sir, I mean not traditionally. They make videos for YouTube and what not so they obviously have a team to make promotional content but they don’t pay for ad real estate
Tons of retards will be putting their stimulus directly into the market.
What's up with the shitty sentiment in here? Are we expecting a circuit breaker or something that I'm not aware of?
But what type
Just made my meals for the work week, chicken marinated in teriyaki pineapple with a few chili’s and rice. What do y’all eat at work besides your bosses ass?
This is finally about to be a buying opportunity not a crash. Once they can get the carbon footprint eliminated by going solar, everything will moon.
Keep telling me that. Makes me hard
Damn this snow in Austin is really bullish, I just can’t figure out why
Free Hong Kong
I bought one goev call on a whim, should've bought 10 smh
It's a lot more correction resistant too.
imagine thinking psth counts as popping off
Dude, the future is not Chinese. 

They are not ahead of the US in AI, they are just actively and very publicly employing it to monitor their own citizens. 

There's a reason that the Chinese are constantly trying to target our AI companies and commit corporate espionage/theft against them, and it's not because they're market or industry leaders. 

Furthermore, the Chinese economy has not been bolstered. It is slowing down and has been for the past few years. While 3% growth might be good for US GDP, China needs closer to 7-8% as a developing country to catch up/keep pace with their population. It's also been shown that the CCP exaggerates this growth by approximately 2% every year. 

Beyond GDP, on a per capita income basis, China lags far, far behind. The US is ~360% higher in per capita income, a figure that will become all the more relevant as China is forced to stop deflating its currency, manufacturing flees the country, and goods become more expensive. 

The CCP realizes all this and is panicking. They have made desperate moves to moderate their technological deficit through "talent identification programs" wherein Chinese nationals at US schools with the potential to steal IP from US companies are identified and recruited. The CCP has further blocked US companies from operating in China, and have cloned said companies within their borders. 

These are all the actions of a weak, desperate, flailing governing body in its death throes. They are not sustainable. This is also to say nothing of the international backlash the country faces over its Uighur "reeducation camps" or its aggression on Taiwan and Hong Kong. 

The CCP will get what's coming to it. And it's not a bright future, I can promise you that. 

Now, would you like fries with that burger?
It’s been 10 days since the start of the new year... you haven’t missed shit retard go and buy some ICLN
[removed]
Do you have an accounting degree? Just curious. I am making 65k 3rd year and think it's time to look around.
Is there a company with CCP ticker? I'll short the Xit out of it.
RemindMe! 5 years
If you’ve ever wondered why your phone battery is low.. also you’re a fucking psycho
Probably is but we never know what he is gonna say and how market reacts.
Don’t paper hand
International business pays ?
[deleted]
Yeah I agree but what is the alternative?
Nah there is other good shit here
China sucks
Stfu you Wendy’s Dumpster
Hey that’s in Lauderdale. Also where Something About Mary was filmed during the driving range scene. Rumor has it, if you smell the chairs you can still smell Cameron Diaz
you woke asf fuck the CCP
Thinking about Tesla and PSTH popping off makes my cock rock fucking hard
💎🙌 brother!
Thank you! I’ve been saying this shit to all these paper handed mofos
I am glad you have so much confidence in an old school company trying to pivot to software - Personally I don’t think they have a shot in the dark of making this pivot. It is not an easy one and requires very talented engineering to pull off. They were slow to move in this arena, but suppose if they partner with Microsoft and others to help streamline there is a possibility. I would bet far more on Rivian than I would Ford for American ingenuity... just my two cents.
Criminally undervalued, earnings in 2 weeks. Stock should be 150-160 right now
The fact you had to go back a link in the investing chain speaks to the “strength” of your point.
They don’t advertise?
All in
[deleted]
Less stress, leverage that money and out earn those IB folks
Only with your phone upside down.
[removed]
Lol glad it’s not just me. I commented asking where Jack Ma was in that nio dd post by the Chinese autist and was worried id been hacked lol
r/GenZedong is a private subreddit and many of the lefty social justice subreddits have repeatedly called their members out as being trolls for PRC govt propaganda and repeatedly minimizing what is happening to the uighur pop within the PRC specifically across other subreddits. 

To quote Among Us....notccpbot lookin' suss
Plenty of 10% TSLA ETFs
I stopped trading Chinese stocks 5 years ago and will never trade them again
I think reddit fucky
If Hitler had simply just tried a bagel, we might’ve avoided that whole thing
That’s exactly what I’m saying. Q4 at the latest
My god this market is so fucking retarded... Never in my life did I think we could reach peak autism with valuations and gains like these... This market is a one in 20 year event. Makes the dot com bubble look like childs play
Ya even RedditIsFun app not loading
I'm tripling down with rkt. Been theta ganging since September. I'm well above my break even with all the premium but my average share price is high and that's what I'm willing to sell at. So unless she rockets this week I'll be the proud owner of 2000 shares instead of 800 from my put sells
Can't believe that Chinese citizens unironically support their government.
Am I supposed to know wtf those shapes mean?
Yeah but I've seen a few guys that look like jack ma before too
GME
*"ok google, how do I know if someone on reddit is a Chinese troll?"*
Emergency Meeting!

There’s an imposter among us
Extremely well written. Explains the root cause of many of the woes that have decimated the new generations. Low rates and QE have grossly inflated asset prices such as housing and education ( now a huge investment). Rent and interest payments on loans are so high, it cripples their ability to save and invest, the only way to counter inflation and preserve wealth. It is the opposite for the upper class, they are able to take advantage of these opportunities and invest and save their money, which would conversely put them far ahead of the lower income people who cannot afford to put significant amounts into any market.
I chose an internal accounting/finance role instead of IB at a national firm over a $15k difference in salary. I’m a retard. AMA
Jack Ma was kidnapped by the Chinese government for dissent. If you are influential enough, they will kidnap you and silence you.
A true WSB user
Clear pump
You're probably onto something with sell the news.

Cash gang Wednesday.
Profit
Sus
Yeah I have alot of money in Tesla so let me just pretend like I’m god and reject and try to hide any sign of the stock crashing. Retard energy, keep it up, you retards will regret it soon enough
[removed]
Tesla will not go down until they start advertising
Expectations about life are the original source of unhappiness. Free yourself from hope, and not the depressing way. Find happiness in understanding that you have no control and do not *deserve* a great life.
What psychedelic stocks even exist? I’d be interested in getting in on those
So everytime a person posts DD or "BUY XXX TOO THE MOON" company, should we also say this is US government officials trying to make /wsb buy TSLA, PLTR, GME?


If I had a dollar for every unoriginal TSLA, PLTR, GME post on here, telling me to buy it, i could buy 1 stock of each, every week
[removed]
Thank you responsible adult
Well with decriminalization you can’t sell the product so I’d argue there is a massive difference on say revenue for a cannabis company between a legalization bill versus a decriminalization bill.

Yes, long term cannabis is a decent play but I’m saying short-term don’t expect a run up on the stock. Though, who knows, the market has been pretty divorced from reality for awhile now.
Battery swapping is a nice concept, but it has tons of problems. Calculating the financial risk is pretty hard. There's also the problem of vendor lock-in. Charging stations already have a considerable amount of compatibility issues - I can only imagine that with battery swapping it would be a lot worse.

Manufacturers would either have to compromise their designs to accommodate for the battery swapping mechanism, or the mechanism could potentially require different stations per model, i.e. Incompatibilities inside a manufacturer's range of products.
No but it’s on the high seas ;)
Found this on GameStop’s investor page. Looks like we can stream for free. 

https://icrinc.touchcast.com/showtime/icr-conference/embed/29ae0663-5b2d-e54d-5a8e-1f7af6dd404f
Turns out I’m your long lost brother. Hit me up so we can catch up
Yup
Saturday China had an announcement basically escalating the trade war where the Chinese gov protects chinese companies that violate US sanctions. 

https://www.nytimes.com./2021/01/09/business/china-rules-trump-biden-sanctions.html

The '.' after the .com gets you around the paywall on most sites.
Because no one would believe the ccp is stupid enough to do that. Is it working right now or not?
Soooooo Twitter PUTs for tomorrow and go!
Sell when it drops, buy when it breaks out 🥸
I am a Chinese retard and I think you should be banned
[deleted]
I’m scared for my Tesla calls. Predictions tomorrow?
Lol hammered, its still up like 35% this month.
Kept saying Reddit is down for me.
Yeah bro thought it was just me
Anyone else having issues loading WSB from chrome?
I love you crazy motherfuckers. I get my best DD from WSB because we actually have each other's best interest in mind unlike all the financial porn all over the internet. We ride or die to the moon together 🚀 🌝
Puts on Reddit's servers JFC! 🤬
I'm American and have lived in China for 7ish months. I don't buy China stocks and no great DD can convince me.
I was just at the grocery store and this little kid was showing his mom his Tesla gains. 

Fuck I am so glad I sold everything on Friday.
How thankful are these Parler assholes to hear the news that their content is being taken down? 

At their mom’s house frantically shaving their craggy beard and dying their hair hoping the FBI isn’t looking for them.
Wtf does that have to do with literally anything?
Hold the line autists,  if we don’t jump ship I see 40
Soon.
[deleted]
I’m sure it was.
Reddit acting fucky Reddit purge by CCP and the fat fucker Xi Xinping inbound
His friend Ali.
[removed]
Vale
It’s only at $50!!!
If Cathie Wood started an Ark clean energy fund and sat on my face I would be so stoked
I really like AJ Brown and am loving watching him just bully these DBs

But I’ll feel super bad for Lamar and the NaRaTtIvE if he loses
Have an exit strategy both ways
You could do a 1/21/22 40/45c spread @0.95 (might be a bit more tomorrow.)
So basically here we have zero evidence that the guy is associated with the CCP and this is just the ramblings of a sinophobic clown. Basically some "reds under the beds" bs. NIO is just a good upcoming company, you don't have to be associated with the CCP to see that.
Sparta is coming
[removed]
I’m sitting on 6000 shares so no options for me.  I sleep well.
And then, there were tronks
I promise you Parler accounted for a rounding error in AWS revenue and nothing more
Need to pay for the lunch and martinis somehow, right?
[deleted]
how do the private investors cash out from their position though if the only shares traded are the public PSTH ones?
Fuck yeah, true detective meets mission impossible? I’d watch the shit out of that
Same man when I do that sometimes
Legalizing means companies will be supplying it like a product, boosting stocks. Decriminalization just means if you get caught with it it’s like a parking ticket and not a criminal penalty, companies still can’t sell it.  

So decriminalization does fuck all for share prices besides maybe hinting towards legalization down the line
[deleted]
[deleted]
it is interesting how the last blog you cited hasn't been updated since March 2020. I wonder what the author will say about this recession.
An attempt to pump NIO = infiltrated by the CCP 


Lmfao. Never change. 


r/parlerstreetbets
Getting off to a good start is critical
"In a letter sent Monday to the company’s board, Mr. Cohen said GameStop’s bricks-and-mortar-centric business model is outdated and lags behind the broader industry. He is urging the company to reduce the number of physical stores, focus on improving e-commerce and explore other tech-driven opportunities in areas such as esports, mobile gaming and game streaming."
Vale?
[deleted]
Damn you're retarded, I completely agree with you that its priced in but obviously you don't understand the difference between partnering with a company and acquiring one
Is reddit acting all fucky when trying to comment for anyone else?
I don’t get this comment, are you implying they won’t be incorporating industry improvements as the vehicle is being built?

For these early ‘apple cars’ it’s probably going to be whatever EV is latest in development by Hyundai but retrofitted with Apple’s self driving tech. They’ve shown they’ve made significant investments into self driving and they bought and Self driving retrofit company last year. 

After a few iterations when apple finally wants to break into the physical car game, if they want to, is when apple will release its own car.
Find good people to follow on Twitter. Follow the people they repost. Follow the people those repost people repost. Eventually you'll be at the source of the information.
[removed]
What happens to our money if it gets delisted? Gone gone?!
Good point OP. I'm out of ccp equities, and i'm staying out, nio house or no
you should go all in, we need fuel for mooning
If he *is* a shill, consider the economic incentive to pump:

As a foreign investor, Chinese law restricts you from outright owning a share or stake in a Chinese company (many of which are state-owned). Enter the VIE structure: a Chinese company establishes a wholly-owned subsidiary typically in the Cayman Islands, which then is the company that is listed on a foreign exchange, allowing foreigners to invest. Foreign investors are not buying a share or stake in the Chinese company; instead, they are buying a contractual promise that the Chinese company will share its earnings and profits with the Cayman subsidiary, which then will be passed on to the investor. https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&source=hp&ei=s0X7X-WdB8fWtQbdhpCADg&q=vie+chinese+companies&oq=vie+chinese+companies&gs_lcp=ChFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocBADMgUIABDJAzIGCAAQFhAeOgsIABCxAxDHARCjAjoECAAQAzoICAAQxwEQowI6BQguELEDOgIIADoFCAAQsQM6CggAELEDEIMBEAo6CAgAELEDEIMBOgIILjoFCAAQkgM6CwgAEMcBEK8BEMkDOggIABDHARCvAToECC4QCjoICAAQFhAKEB46BQghEKABUP8mWMFLYO1MaABwAHgAgAGNAYgB0xGSAQUxMC4xMZgBAKABAbABAA&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp

Now let’s say NIO gets pumped; a lot of foreign money flows into it. The CCP then turns around and says, “Great, NIO has a lot of foreign money, pull the plug on the VIE and nullify the contracts.” Now the Chinese company has all your money, and you likely have no judicial recourse or remedy like you’d have here with a pump-and-dump in the States. 

And if you don’t think the CCP would do such a thing, remember, in 1997, they signed a treaty to honor the Hong Kong system until 2047. They went into Hong Kong via the National Security Law anyway, in breach of the treaty. 

Think Darth Vader to Lando in Cloud City: “I am altering the deal, pray I do not alter it further.” That’s the CCP.
Says the CCP propaganda machine with an AK-47 to their head. Can’t believe shit that comes out of China
Extremely fucked. Like a 99.9% chance that zeroes out.
Yeah I probably should’ve went with those RIOT and MARA poots when I was choosing between that and QS lol. 

F
Nice article
Incoming red week
[deleted]
You about to be a big boy bag holder
How about at 3 on Friday?
Why ask, you know where we are.
Nobody thinks steel will keep going up for years..

This is a 6-8 month play imo.
Bought 200 shares at $3.27 and sold at $4
He’s not dead lol. That’s a huge difference. Western media is basically insinuating that Jack Ma is being tortured or killed. They aren’t writing that explicitly, but the readers are thinking it because they’ve been nudged in that direction from years of constant and effective brainwashing.
Looking forward to loss porn for all those getting in now.

Even diversifying into the other industries (taxi’s, batteries/energy storage/semi’s/insurance/energy network), and waiting on them to mature, it’s still over valued.

Tesla’s best bet to maintaining value would be to dilute and issue more stock, bring in that cash. Retards will queue up and buy (again).
What do you think of the rising gdp of china? Investopia states usa is 24, but china is till at 16%,  some estimate china will surpass USA by 2028, 

Where do you think nio will be then? Will it crash? Im genuinely interested to hear 

 I am not a Nio loyalist, they literally look like the chinese clone of tesla, I dont see them competing with tesla currently seeing how expensive their first car is? I feel like price can only move down per vehicle. Im going to assume they will just try to copy teslas business model and eventually be profitable if china bans tesla or something. But how can we be certain?
This
Robin Hood.

Max out the margin.

Stonks only go up and dividend beats 2.5% on the right stocks.
[deleted]
Looking forward to loss porn for all those getting in now.

Even diversifying into the other industries (taxi’s, batteries/energy storage/semi’s/insurance/energy network), and waiting on them to mature, it’s still over valued.

Tesla’s best bet to maintaining value would be to dilute and issue more stock, bring in that cash. Retards will queue up and buy (again).
So are we doing $80 1/15 NIO calls??? 🚀 

Or am I reading the room wrong
I love how people keep trying to predict the market. Probably been pushing this narrative for a year. As long as interest rates are 0% stocks going up.
The roulette wheel has both red and black options
[deleted]
I just assume all posts are the deep state trying to mind-control me vs. cunt rockets trying to pump the subreddit to sell me their call options (if you buying someone be selling you twats). I then cross reference all rational recs against the boring wankers over at r/stocks
You shut your whore mouth
Yeah, when was the last time Tesla ran an ad?
Looking forward to loss porn for all those getting in now.

Even diversifying into the other industries (taxi’s, batteries/energy storage/semi’s/insurance/energy network), and waiting on them to mature, it’s still over valued.

Tesla’s best bet to maintaining value would be to dilute and issue more stock, bring in that cash. Retards will queue up and buy (again).
Your engrish is impeccable
Looking forward to loss porn for all those getting in now.

Even diversifying into the other industries (taxi’s, batteries/energy storage/semi’s/insurance/energy network), and waiting on them to mature, it’s still over valued.

Tesla’s best bet to maintaining value would be to dilute and issue more stock, bring in that cash. Retards will queue up and buy (again).
[deleted]
Has anyone done analysis on ghost shares?

Like what happens when people die and the estates don't have the Robin Hood passwords?
“Only ran up 10%” lmfao
I literally don't have any GME. I just think you're a retard.
I am fellow investor do agree very much with NIO good company comment above. Yolo now while cheap stock I am doing with the dollars.
Thanks for your service. I asked him if he knew where Jack Ma was and didn’t get any response. Definitely suspicious
There was absolutely real concerns with their governing regarding its spending and productivity (they went BRRRR to keep their public, mostly incomptent employees happy).

...but yeah, not being able to be moderated or even truly interacted with on a foreign scale outside of its one useful depreciating import (oil) is what killed it so fast and completely.

It reminded me a bit of a college athlete, just drafted into the NFL, who spends his money like he is going to be in the NFL for 20 years, but quickly tears his ACL and refuses to change his standard of living.
TLDR you’re saying PUTS yolo on Nio. Fuck you with good luck
Everyone does psychedelics
ADR’s are mostly fungible and can be exploited by arbitrage firms. When dilution happens the profit taking can turn parabolic. There’s a reason they are mostly penny stocks
If he *is* a shill, consider the economic incentive to pump:

As a foreign investor, Chinese law restricts you from outright owning a share or stake in a Chinese company (many of which are state-owned). Enter the VIE structure: a Chinese company establishes a wholly-owned subsidiary (often in the Cayman Islands), which then is the company that is listed on a foreign exchange, allowing foreigners to invest. Foreign investors are not buying a stake in the Chinese company; instead, they are buying a contractual promise that the Chinese company will share its earnings and profits with the Cayman subsidiary, which then will be passed on to the investor. https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&source=hp&ei=s0X7X-WdB8fWtQbdhpCADg&q=vie+chinese+companies&oq=vie+chinese+companies&gs_lcp=ChFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocBADMgUIABDJAzIGCAAQFhAeOgsIABCxAxDHARCjAjoECAAQAzoICAAQxwEQowI6BQguELEDOgIIADoFCAAQsQM6CggAELEDEIMBEAo6CAgAELEDEIMBOgIILjoFCAAQkgM6CwgAEMcBEK8BEMkDOggIABDHARCvAToECC4QCjoICAAQFhAKEB46BQghEKABUP8mWMFLYO1MaABwAHgAgAGNAYgB0xGSAQUxMC4xMZgBAKABAbABAA&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp

Now let’s say NIO gets pumped; a lot of foreign money flows into it. The CCP then turns around and says, “Great, NIO has a lot of foreign money, pull the plug on the VIE and nullify the contracts.” Now the Chinese company has all your money, and you likely have no judicial recourse or remedy like you’d have here with a pump-and-dump in the States. 

And if you don’t think the CCP would do such a thing, remember, in 1997, they signed a treaty to honor the Hong Kong system until the 2047. They went into Hong Kong via the National Security Law anyway, in breach of the treaty. 

Think Darth Vader to Lando in Cloud City: “I am altering the deal, pray I do not alter it further.” That’s the CCP.
[deleted]
.... So.... All in to BABA then?!!!
I’m confused, they say “starting Jan 11th” in one spot and “after Jan 11th” in another. Any idea if options/shares will be purchasable on RH tomorrow?
I’m also a little wary of SPACs right meow but it seems like you have some pretty good DD. What does your exit plan look like?
Nationalism. That’s it. That’s the only reason it’ll succeed. All else are minor points.
Im a simple man, i see an ICLN content and upvote
4 9 17 25 1 congrats
how do the private investors cash out from their position though if the only shares traded are the public PSTH ones?
[removed]
At 3-4B market. They would if they really want that IP. It’d be cheaper than licensing short term.
Lots of people have money in TSLA rn. 😂
EBs are the future. No more paper waste. We'll call it a Kindle or something
Correct
Why RUN over ENPH?
He's practically banned from the presidency
There’s a certain digital asset that’s getting hammered rn 

Riot and mats holders are gonna get wrecked
I’m all in gme but I hope my 3 4/16 21s will print... 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Someone find me my foil hat please.
[removed]
If it was a MAX, it would be a big deal. This might cause a small dip, but I don't think it's gonna drill. Don't take my advice, though, I'm a retard.
Surprisingly, GME is consistently going up.
[removed]
Well this market is run by retards isn't it?
Going through those crazy weed withdrawal hyper-REM-sleep dreams rn and last night TSLA had a black monday and lost 70% in one day so all the TSLA call bagholders decided to fusion-ha themselves into a 50-foot-tall Elon who for some reason called himself the Son of Elon, but didn't do anything at all and just wandered the American Midwest for the rest of time and became USA legend/lore. By the end of the dream it became bearish luck to have the SOE cross your path when you're driving through Kansas.
Sounds good to me, I'll try to join in. When dkng lock up ended it surely dropped.
We are so stupid we’re actually getting smarter
Close to money imo
Just looked at them again. I’m definitely doing it. I’m honestly just gonna buy a hand full of the 2023 $5 puts. This is a 10-50 bagger. I can feel it in my balls.
Why the fuck didn't you tell us this when NIO was at 4 dollars? Someone give me a nice cheap stock to throw half my life savings into I'm not buying anything that costs double digits.
I see what you did there ^ fucking up your English on purpose....it was on purpose, right?
Chinese is a nationality.
It is just a random Chinese guy who likes NIO. You guys are retarded. If china was pumping nio, they had been doing it months ago.
CRM and WORK was a merger. I.e one company absorbing a shittier company. NIO and NVDA is just w partnership, meaning they both keep doing their thing and profit off each other
Yeah. It’s spelt autism.
For real though should I finally relent and just buy Tesla and Nio tomorrow?
What Greeks?
He would disappear after a stocksplit, on a rocketship to Pluto
I trade TSLA and every dip is bought by algos (not going down until market has a crash or sector rotation occurs which with EV being the future is not likely right now)
Can somebody Jack Ma this fucking poc? No one talks shit about papa Musk
SRPT
Lol.  Anyone can tell me just 5 of the six winning lotto numbers?  Not asking for 6.  Being totally reasonable here.
[removed]
No way this is in China
[deleted]
Watch your language Mormon boy
Not Vito, but if you are worried about timeline then buy shares or options that expire more than a year out that are already in the money.
[deleted]
That's very valid, and I honestly don't know what Cohen sees. He sees something though, and after spending 2 years looking for his next big investment, has purchased almost  13% of GME to realize his vision. His roll isn't even known (is he gunning for CEO, Board Pres?), and GME is retail, but for some reason they're presenting at ICR under Tech on Monday... that also creates the division on what people believe about GMEs future, it's hard to separate from what GME is and what it could be when no "official" signal have been given to show GMEs new strategy. It's all speculation at this point. There's even rumor of a GameStop sponsored professional gaming team. Still, just speculation. 

But, I think Cohen has big plans for GME. It might not move much this year, even with a short squeeze, but I think 2-3 years out, GME will be a big player again.
Hey you know how blackpeopletwitter sub only allows black folk to post. We should just ban any ccp folks.
If all you really don’t think The USA will buy all the amount of vaccines they can then you really are out of touch with society. Not only will the Biden administration purchase the vaccine, they’ll probably get more Americans inoculated with it than India’s own population will have been.
Only vaccine to be tested on infants and humans under 18.
Are beginning phase one of a version of the vaccine that will be administered like a nasal spray, which is huge considering how many pansies won’t get tested because the nasal swab is too “invasive” and “it hurts”.
The ceo of Indigo Global Corp, essentially a lobbying group, announced that they are representing ocgn in the process of bringing the vaccine to the states. Not to mention this guy literally has connections to high ranking democratic officials such as... you guessed it, Mr President Elect Joe Biden.

Don’t let these pansies scare you gentlemen
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It’s the first quarter
First time poster, long time reader of this sub. I will nail this shit down quick or WSB will be a trash land and you retards will abandon ship.
Puts on Lamar Jackson
Same here.
Algae makes more oxygen than trees.
how do u retards even daytrade? i only swing trade or hold. how do u determine when to sell? is it just when your anxiety explodes and u can’t take it?
[removed]
> They killed it because people didn't use it. 

Taking Elon at his word, I see.

No, they killed it because Tesla makes big margins on different battery sizes
Isn’t that the motto of WSB?
[deleted]
We don't have much details about the Canoo/Hyundai deal but its apparently a different platform than the Ioniq one. It could be for transit vehicles for all we know.

I think its unlikely that Apple and Canoo will be connected in anyway, but there's a small possibility. All we know is Hyundai are paying Canoo to work on joint development of a platform based on Canoo's skateboard.
After the 20th, yes.
💎🙌🚀🚀🚀🚀
Don't forget about the CCP too.
Same reason why Apple doesn’t just buy every company in the business they want to get into..they don’t want the overhead and risk. Plus Apple is a company that loves having a shit ton of money on their balance sheet. And you know this with what facts? Are you an engineer that specializes in this space lol?
Agreed
I believe you. I visited China over a dozen years ago, and multiple times school children would come up to our tour group, to talk to us and practice their english. 

Also, you sunnuvabich I'm in! 🚀  
I have being eying Nio for weeks, if not 1-2 months, and always felt like I was too late for the party. But, if some random bot could put so much effort into explaining what's up to us autisit **and** the CCP is promoting Nio, then it can only go to the moon!
ICLN will hit 40 EOW after Biden details infrastructure plan on Thursday. Get f’ing ready. Then it’ll hit 45+ the week after with inauguration speech definitely discussing climate / green energy plans. The next two weeks will make the last two weeks of ICLN look like child’s play.
Why do you write so much without rocket emoji op?
Quality DD. I'm in.
🍉 🐀
I don't think Tesla will just let go of their marketshare so easily. I'm sure they will be building more giga factories to continue to expand. God knows they can afford it.
#TITANS ML 🔒
Putzzz lol
On the weekends I like to play bullet chess and drink beer after beer
No
>It'll be like Wednesday, stupid people doing illegal shit when they are being recorded from every angle

Eventually the police'll require tesla to give them all this footage. A share of tesla is a share in a police state.
Bought a new jacket this weekend so no
Rock hard
Exactly this! To be quite frank, after I read that post I messaged my mother-in-law (Chinese and lives in China) about NIO. Specifically I asked her “what are you thoughts on NIO and what are the general thoughts of Chinese on NIO.” She replied back and I quote “is it made in China?”  Then went on to saying and I apologize but this is using translator, “If it's a car made in China, it's a long way to go on a single charge. It means a new car. After a year or two, the charge will not be fully charged, we call floating power, that is, it is full, there is not so much charge, it will not run so far. This is a common phenomenon of electric cars made in China” then she went on saying the following.

“On August 14, 2018, the rumors of NextCar going public in the United States finally implemented hammer, its high-profile financial data also unveiled mysterious veil.
According to its F-1 prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, From January to June 2018, Neolai achieved total revenue of 45,991,000 yuan, including 44,399,000 yuan from car sales and a net loss of 3,326 million yuan.
As of July 31, 2018, NextCar's first production model, the ES8, has delivered 481 units, with more than 17,000 orders outstanding.
According to previously disclosed plans, NextCar will deliver 10,000 units of the original ES8 by October 1 this year. So far, the target delivery figures are far from being met.” 

To be quite honest I dunno what the fuck she is talking about in the last quote, maybe you retards do. Never heard of NextCar and can’t really find anything on it.
I have apple calls why do you say this week
Westerners have a comically racist mental model of Chinese people in their head. They don’t like to admit their culture brainwashes that racist stereotype into their minds, but it’s true. You will have to excuse this retard.
It's probably mr. Nio trying to sell some cars
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
This isn't the dot com bubble.  22% of our money supply was printed in 2020. No one wants to hold the dollar so they throw it into the market.
we need another paper trading contest
Sure. And the guys with FBI in their name work for the FBI.
Pumping nio for an offering...sell the fucking news patriots
Fuck ccp
👋🌈🐻
I short companies when they change logo's.
If you invest in Chinese stocks you are aiding the CCP
Yep you always want to invest in companies AFTER they’ve had a huge run up, very good.
is this the start of this sub's SEC phase?
Samsung: But but but bbbbut we have Android Auto.  *cries in a corner*
Anyone old enough to remember $LK? That shit wrecked me

#STARBUCKS OF CHINA MY ASS!
FUCK CCP
I'm not reading your white paper.

*The world's* market is bigger than the American market.

Nio can make money without waiting for Americans to receive their stimulus checks...
Some small traces of racism on the airlines being from poor countries. That was bullshit. Fuck Boeing.
Some racist guy gets 800+ upvotes and tons of rewards and this epic little history lesson has 100 upvotes and few rewards.

Prolly because you didn't include any 🚀.

But for real, thanks for this. I learned a lot.
What a load of retarded shit. Fuck off
[deleted]
Would you consider unity a platform company for AR / VR ? 

Congrats and fuck you
Lmao
Does this factor in the January effect?
That's very valid, and I honestly don't know what Cohen sees. He sees something though, and after spending 2 years looking for his next big investment, has purchased almost  13% of GME to realize his vision. His roll isn't even known (is he gunning for CEO, Board Pres?), and GME is retail, but for some reason they're presenting at ICR under Tech on Monday... that also creates the division on what people believe about GMEs future, it's hard to separate from what GME is and what it could be when no "official" signal have been given to show GMEs new strategy. It's all speculation at this point. There's even rumor of a GameStop sponsored professional gaming team. Still, just speculation. 

But, I think Cohen has big plans for GME. It might not move much this year, even with a short squeeze, but I think 2-3 years out, GME will be a big player again.
[deleted]
Send me a charitable donation to lower your tax burden!
[deleted]
This is the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IS8_v6K2_Gg
CCP hired accounts has been on TickTok, Instagram, Twitter or Facebook for a while now. They are also in tons of subs, I constantly see many China soft-power posts in nextfuckinglevel to give you a for example pretty much just copying what's already on Ticktok.
Russians can hack up to our treasury department and you still think Reddit can stop them?
AAPL to the fucking moon
[removed]
[deleted]
and ARKK
[deleted]
Yep sold 90% of all my portfolio on Friday
RKT IS ASS
Long NIO, if the CCP puts all the effort into infiltrating Reddit and all they want to do is pump NIO, not XPEV or whatever other company, clearly NIO is special to them and they will ensure it leads the EV revolution
Read the subreddit. It’s ccp propagada
[deleted]
$400 put
proof that u bought puts or BAN 

tesla bears talk alotta shit but they dont ever be showing loss porn cuz they never actually buy puts
[deleted]
That's very valid, and I honestly don't know what Cohen sees. He sees something though, and after spending 2 years looking for his next big investment, has purchased almost  13% of GME to realize his vision. His roll isn't even known (is he gunning for CEO, Board Pres?), and GME is retail, but for some reason they're presenting at ICR under Tech on Monday... that also creates the division on what people believe about GMEs future, it's hard to separate from what GME is and what it could be when no "official" signal have been given to show GMEs new strategy. It's all speculation at this point. There's even rumor of a GameStop sponsored professional gaming team. Still, just speculation. 

But, I think Cohen has big plans for GME. It might not move much this year, even with a short squeeze, but I think 2-3 years out, GME will be a big player again.
Suspicious
It's painful there are any comparisons between the two
The downvotes are really proving your point
NeXt aMaZoN bAbYyyyyyyyy
The Soviets taught the CCP everything they knew including disinformation which they were the masters of.  Well liberal reddit seems pretty keen on it. Have to hand it to the CCP they know how to play the long game.
I don’t see the markets going below 370 atleast till the inauguration during which if Biden decides talks about taxing hikes on the 1% and equality it can spook the market (I think it is not that likely but who knows).
And from an investment perspective, what's the difference between legalization and decriminalization? Even with nothing happening at a federal level, more and more states are allowing medical and recreational cannabis every year. Seems like strong tailwinds for cannabis industry either way.
[deleted]
Because I just open a new one instead of closing them
I think peeps think they’ll be the next Chinese version of their American counterparts.
Shits gunna rocket.
Yeah I believe you pay taxes on the property instead and pay gains on the remainder.
Team RKT, GME Gang, NIO Ni.....
NIO is going to fly to the moon either way cause the rest of the subreddit can't tell the difference.
All that shit sounds 🌈 as fuck. I just get drunk and wait for the gnomes and then do what they tell me to do.
[removed]
How exactly? You are going to have to explain your baseless claims.
What the fuck you talking about PLTR end game is data . It’s a platform company . It literally sells a platform
So the real question is do we believe his pump actually worked? Me thinks yes. NIO leaps baby
What spreads do you do?
Been down 15-20% on my leaps since I bought them but not worried at all
There's no such thing as a private company in China. 

This guy was trying to pump NIO, and in doing so is attempting to pump the CCP. 

OP is right to raise the alarm. CCP shills are everywhere online trying to normalize their shell companies that subsist off a combination of IP theft, regime subsidies, and artificially deflated currencies. 

Don't invest in NIO. They suck. They're not Tesla. Hell, the Chinese don't even like their cars and prefer Tesla to them. But more than that, don't invest in the CCP or Winnie the Pooh's fucked up regime. 

Send a message to the CCP that Reddit and WSB is not a safe space for their cuckoldry.
I’m sure they are still alive right now.
this is a casino, buying puts are also part of betting no?
Speaking of western brainwashing and propaganda. Did Tiananmen Square protests took place in 1989? Yes or no. This is the true CAPTCHA for CCP bots.
GME MOONING TOMORROW!!!
Was?
Aww made me think of John Witherspoon. Miss that guy. RIP Pops 😢
I think peeps think they’ll be the next Chinese version of their American counterparts.
Predicting a pullback on PLUG first after that insane rally
Hi PLTR here.
Lol no sorry pal :(
He’s a Chinese nationalist but potentially still an autist
Holding calls but feel like I’m about to get buttfucked Monday because of this parlor shit.
[deleted]
Pleas fly again
The fact that wsb is on the radar of the CCP is totally hilarious
Yes. Old plane and always seems to happen SE Asia
Retarded
[deleted]
[deleted]
The fact that wsb is on the radar of the CCP is totally hilarious
[deleted]
[removed]
This market is being run by wsb retards, tiktok thots, instagram dubai sloots, youtube gurus and pornstars pumping and dumping each other in a cyclical rotation.

Buffet will smite yee.
Already entered my shorts 850p 3/19 mate
[deleted]
He said, "Will you defeat them?
Your demons, and all the non-believers
The plans that they have made?"
It just means that you are mot educated on what an ADR is, and how not properly audited chinses companies are
There's a pill for that, or a drink, or a smoke. It's almost Monday, steady those paper hands H0tten!!
guys for the love of God stop putting your money into GME a fucking Brick and motor store that sells video games IN 2021!!!!! stop losing your money on what a few retards say!
Just go and look at their new new Line up, they have amazing cars. New Ceo of Ford is says they are pivoting towards-- software first company, whuch mean they are going to have amazing tech and  they already figured out manufacturing for decades now. These baby company will not survive in long-term
Great work. Now I know how to burn my money
Retarded play
This comment really shows your lack of understanding of other cultures no offense
Stop buying TSLA puts and you wouldn't be such a jackass. Meanwhile, eat a snickers retard.
This
DO NOT SPEAK THAT BLASPHEMY
Pumping nio for an offering...sell the fucking news patriots
Great work. Now I know how to burn my money
This
You're retarded. I only have two accounts. One is personally identifiable and one is this one. Good fucking response though. Very intelligent. Look at my post history retard.
Those aren’t the capitalistic things that’d make him jealous, they’d just be bonuses.
Don't have to pump the stock, just the option premiums
Fuck you retards literally cannot post anything negative about Tesla or -19 downvotes. You bunch of fucking Muskrats
Exactly and you get less IV crush. Once it starts dropping and you get a confirmation move you can make 100-200% returns following the downtrend. Why time the top lol???
Who would watch a movie with Matthew McConaughey and Henry Cavill as a good cop/bad cop partnership. MM would be a US Spy, HC would be a British Spy - both having to infiltrate a Chinese company that wants to corrupt the stock exchange.
PSA: Everyone that keeps talking about this bubble just shut the fuck up and ride the 📈 wave. We are here to bet, and make money. Not whine about the fucking bubble. Keep thay shot on r/investing.
I proved that American markets influence the world economy. Stop giving your opinions when faced with facts. 

[https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf](https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf)
Yes sec its this guy here take him down.
GME has a higher ceiling than NIO in short term imo, thats all i will say

edit: ceiling was the wrong word to use, i mean more room to go up from where it is
Lol AAPL gonna 🌔 so hard this week. 🍏
Ppl were making 10 baggers on TSLA last week, where were you?
[deleted]
Too busy pumping ops wife
Plus the content of that post “you’re joining a big family” give me a effin break
What is this website made on?
Yeeeeeeeeeah boy!!
He's bearish on positivity
That's dangerous?
 
This entire sub is based around win/loss porn and DD propaganda to influence poor fucking retarded yeeyee ass suckers into pumping your stock because they don't know how to form their own opinions or do their own research.
 
Who the fuck cares where/whom the propaganda is coming from, retards will eat that shit up and the stock will 🚀🚀🚀
 
We're here not to play the stocks, but to play the misinformed and gullible for a profit
Porch pirates actually target more affluent neighborhoods, so don’t think you are somehow superior simply because of where your parents decided to live.
Which July Tsla call do you think is realistic? I might go all in after AAPL earnings
[removed]
What makes you think so? :)
Why?
You laugh. There will be a day when you no longer laugh.
lol ok
I believe Vale’s use it electric locomotives is a direct appeal to Musk
I def see a pop for Hyundai if this is all true... their stock might double... but for Canoo... shit would be parabolic on a $15 stock... at least a quadruple.
China is #1
I don't know why but a lot of americans seem to view their ignorance as a badge of honor. Being able to talk to oneself in multiple different language is such a unique and fun experience
The Chinese
BABA TO THE MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This monster got me feeling like i got Parkinson’s almost couldn’t put in my contacts
yeah, agreed, good point.  kinda getting a chubby reading how CVS and the like are reinventing themselves by managing covid vaccinations and providing more health care services.  much more foot traffic into the store = more tendies for CVS = more tendies for retards.
or the fact our posts are getting downvoted, and we arent saying anything really provocative outside of "CCP is using bots"

When theres a push to make these comments harder to read, theres your sign.
It’s basically mirrored Nikola chart so far. Thank god HYLN trucks work on flat/uphill roads as well though
😂
Don't forget apple car
Apple should just buy out Canoo if this were the case.
I think OPs point is more just that we're in a situation where stocks and real estate can appreciate to keep pace with inflation, but not cash. (Wages theoretically should keep up but they haven't been.) Thus someone in your position benefits, but the vast majority of millennials don't have those assets.
Being anti CCP isn't racist idiot.
They are just salty cause they didn't make anything off last weeks run. Cassandra said calls so lets make some $$$$ volvoMANIA!!!
CLWD
[https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf](https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf)
I tried some white-belt Google-fu to fact-check that your comment, but I lack finesse and can't land on target. Do you still have a link to that CNBC video in your browser/YouTube  history?
You can bet your mom has been penetrated by the CPP and she liked it
You can get waayyyy OTM like 300-500 range and make money if it moves a standard deviation or two your way (50-200 bucks) but A) your gains will get IV crushed somewhat and B) it may not happen for MONTHs
It's thumping in dijbouti
Alright I'll buy 10 shares
Just look up Pippen dunking on Ewing. It's a very iconic scene.
Yea, tell me there is a catalyst like iron ore being in short supply. You can’t. It’s all about production capacity. Nobody has said production capacity is maxed out. There is no steel cartel to control steel prices like OPEC does with oil. Steel is a commodity that will get produced to meet demand. Ain’t Capitalism grand?!
Get help
Nice stunt double
i was just thinking about that. they were fucking right lol
Can someone explain why there’s such a huge boner for Chinese companies?
Market about to gobble up stimmys this week
The cause isn't clear right now.
hey bud

tesla to $200 EoY (after 5:1 reverse split)
The fact that you guys get so defensive and offended whenever someone mentions Tesla puts makes me absolutely confident Tesla leap puts will be a 10 bagger
Correction, apples are at ath in the market.
You’re arguing against yourself, you know that right? You’re poking more holes in their viability and proving further that customers can circumvent their shitty sales model with minimal effort.
That’s why we’re all here right?
So I’m just going about my day minding my own business and I happen across this... https://imgur.com/gallery/6Prb5QS
LOL!

Me: shares a white paper that references facts and figures proving your OPINION wrong. 

You: 'yOuR jUsT bEiNg pAtRiOtIc'
There’s video of red hats beating that cop to death with an American flag. Irony is officially broken. I don’t want to play anymore. I need to hurry up and make enough money here to be able to fuck off and live freely and in peace outside the system before shit gets even worse. Yes, I’m pinning my hopes for survival and freedom on gambling on stonks.
Prices in during pre market
As an expert racist I can certify this isn't racism.
And that is the difference between people that drive Ford escorts and Tesla’s now. Soo, you’re not wrong. 

Tesla roofs are for people that can afford it and care as much about aesthetics as much as function and superior performance.
I have Tesla 850p 3/19
Basically a free market fundamentalist for China then.
Nah mate I’m german. You’re right of course, the tech is good. Corporate culture and and changing the way things are done not so much. Depends on the company though, obviously
that’s less than pension no lol?
Shooting the messenger is going to make the stock tank? 
They'll just ~~enslave another uyghur~~ outsource their courier service to the mainland.
Who gives a fuck? Get a hobby
Yup any article quoting any Baron-Cohen is bound to be a good one. Simon Baron-Cohen is a leading expert on autism and Sasha's cousin.
Yea, BTFD
There isn’t any reason for it to collapse while the fed keeps printing.  Multi year blow off top followed by most devastating collapse since 29 inbound
How y’all be investing soooo much money in the first place ooo
Sweet
Lumber Liquidators gang unite!
Don’t say good morning to those cucks.
Yeah, does this video come with a free license to Rosetta Stone Chinese?
yes
Wym he gonna screw with big tech?
But let’s be real, who is shorting NIO

Show of hands please
VIX down DIX up that’s the way I like to FUX
"hold"
Is there any reason not to short Boeing?
are you using IG?
Amazon actually went all the way down to -95%
Enjoy trading GME idiot
Playboy had to move offices. Now they have a floor above an equinox. Joke.
That whole comment was a joke...
80c
Slow bleed up for a few days it’s all good
No it hasn't. NIO good company and good cars. I buy many stocks and it will go to Moon. I don't working for CCP by way.
[deleted]
I think he’s very philosophical; he’s almost certainly done drugs but probably isn’t hooked on them.
link it if you're going to make that claim.
Ever heard of mixed families, wumao?
Removed because of one or both of the following:

 - No penny stocks (OTC)
 - Small market cap < 1 billion USD 

Take it to r/pennystocks -->
Probably announced at the conference in the pre market. Don’t know the exact time or dimension of the actual data that they will release before the actual numbers later this quarter. But afaik they plan on releasing the holiday sales at the ICR which starts at 10:30 if I recall this correctly.
We really gunna get an apple car before GTA 6
Wait, do i still yolo calls on nio. No more moon mission 🥺
Wall Street has been infiltrated by CCP. Retards here are nobody.
I buy huge bags of dog food from Chewy on the regular just to avoid having to lug that shit around. Now if you want to argue buying online at Petsmart vs Chewy, that’s different. Probably depends on price difference, shipping, what have you. Think it’s a different situation. 

Not to mention Chewy has already established themselves as the premier online pet supply store. People here are banking on GME becoming the game version of that but they can’t provide a convenience over what any other retailer can already do.
I read it and no one has heard of them in the U.S. Other markets don't matter:

[https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf](https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf)

&#x200B;

\>The United States is the world’s single largest economy (at market exchange rates), accounting for almost 22 percent of global output and over a third of stock market capitalization. It is prominent in virtually every global market, accounting for about one-tenth of global trade flows, one-fifth of global FDI stock, close to one-fifth of remittances, and one-fifth of global energy demand. Since the U.S. dollar is the most widely used currency in global trade and financial transactions, changes in U.S. monetary policy and investor sentiment play a major role in driving global financing conditions.
They absolutely are, that’s why they’ve separated the car from the most expensive component, the battery. The attempt to create a luxury model is why NIO is going to end up hurting themselves on both fronts, they are conflicting strategies. Not to mention that the Chinese consumer tends to prefer foreign luxury brands over domestic luxury brands and foreign consumers see Chinese “luxury” goods as knock-offs (which, to be fair, is true to a certain extent). 

Which isn’t to say the stock won’t pop on Monday, I’m sure it will. But any purchase must be predicated by the greater fool theory, the fundamental strategy for the company is broken in exactly the same way one would expect from a Chinese goods producer.
And little did he know, that stocks only go up.
Nough bout TSLA and NIO, WHAT YALL THINK ABOUT THOSE CORNMEAL FUTURES?
Get a job, loon.
yeah that's the part after the "buying calls til then" part
They announced an offering back in December that dropped the price from around 11$ back down to  6.70$ but that dip got scooped the fuck up  hard. Now, the company reported that they have zero debt, that they're not profitable but that they keep increasing revenue year after year, but said they don't know if they'll ever be profitable. Not sure how investor sentiment will hit this earnings report. It might dip then just rally back up to a new high again. I feel like the worst news came in early December, and that the ER might cause a pullback at worst before a continued rally
Apple mooning in Papua New Guinea stock exchange 🚀
Lots of Tsla
Bears In here today

Hello good morning and go fuck ur selfs
Why TF you buy it then retard?
The one tiktok investor who was pumping plug at $36 feels like a genius now. Smh. This bubble is epic.
So, "capitalism, but if CCP asks we call it communism so they don't send us to labor camps"?
I appreciate your patriotism but with a population of over 1.4 billion along with the European market, China does not need America to be successful.
[removed]
SPY 500 by Dec 2023
Hell no. New car will be built on E-GMP, not some ICE conversion.
Not gonna lie; when I first read that I saw "And his dong."
How many tabs do you have open right now?

I’ve got 875 on my computer and 500 on my phone (it won’t let me open anymore 😔). I think I have an addiction...
Wait people are making gains?
What's the split between those leaps and yolos
If poo bear make the yuan printer go brrrrr to prop up nio, im in
yes, i called this dude out too when i saw his post. thank you for sharing this
F
😂😂
I somehow feel bad regarding tomorrow. Don't know were the sentiment comes from. Maybe its because of all the boubble talk.
[deleted]
Shut the f up! Stonks only go up 🚀🚀🚀
Man taking swipes at pltr, it's already dead you can stop beating it for those bag holders.
eh it's fuckin solar panels...sure there will be a group of people that specifically only want Tesla but most people just want a fairly cheap way to power their shit so they can make hot pockets and watch football ya know?
Has to pop, and the I will rebuy. Look at the Amazon chart, it went parabolic in one the year 1000% then fall 90% and then start rising again but slowly.
Serious question:
When the market starts tanking after the bubble bursts, why not go with puts?
I think they expect that we are all just big huge haters on them. But its genuine advice to take some off the table. Trust me, I've done both nake then lose a fortune TWICE.  Hope they understand it's for the better.
r/autism
This shits gonna pump w Biden I’m moving my 8/16 35c to 1/22 40 or 45
My 1 BABA post ? That conclusively proves I'm Xi Jinping. 

注意 guys the jig is up. the rando from wsb uncovered the whole operation, synchronize your 华为 watches and go undercover back to 北京
Lol just mine using solar generated power!!
Why did Hyundai create the E-GMP platform without Canoo's help? Why is the Ioniq 5, 6, and probably 7, Kia CV EV, and Genesis eGV70 and 80 all built on E-GMP instead of the Canoo platform? 

What does the partnership with Canoo even bring if E-GMP? Why does Hyundai partner with so many different companies and abandon them in the future? Why doesn't Apple just buy out Canoo?
Wow that’s sad. Don’t want to get too paranoid but makes you think.
Isn't that app just an 'events' app? They launch them to help at conferences. E.g. Nio day.
fairy dust
[deleted]
Oh wow only 3 years away? I hope I'm not too late to yolo on this one they really did a perfect job keeping it under wraps.
Both
Pump gnus instead. I bought 50 blind calls for it. No clue what they do, just saw they were down a bit.
That price downgrade on Friday spooked me, was going to wait a bit until people forget it.
[deleted]
I remember they used the power walls to store power and pump back into the system during peak hours. Think I'm california? Saved the state millions. Could be excellent use and revenue for tesla, but in order to do that we need a massive infrastructure bill akin to the green new deal. Personally I hope we do, but I don't see it happening.
My projection is 48
Thank you, calls it is. Fantastic DD Cassandra!
You went $30 dude wtf? I’m worried at $20 yea you are fucked
You think christopher nolan does a lot of psychedelics? 

Batman Begins has the whole Scarecrow weaponized hallucinogens storyline.

Inception is obviously a total mindfuck.

Interstellar has the black hole interdimensional future beings love is a universal force thing.

The Prestige is all about ego and concepts of self.

Insomnia and Memento have some mind games going on too (although it's been years since I watched those).

Then there's the recurring actors - Cillian Murphy and Michael Caine seem to play the same characters in every Nolan film, makes it almost seems like it's just another dream state in another level of Inception...
its also a huge waste of money, same as nio day. And who would ever buy a chinese car outside of china? Americans have good value us cars and premium eu cars. For europeans it's the other way around.
Damn. RIP.
I lose 200 a week on spreads all the time. Just inverse me.
Bought NIO 3/19 60c in December. Not sure if I should sell the news and buy a dip tomorrow or just keep riding this wave
[deleted]
[removed]
People often trash $TSLA saying how it's MC is bigger than the top 10 automakers combined and that's an indication that it's too expensive.  However, I understand $BYD and $CATL both have a bigger MC on Shanghai Exchange.  Can you confirm?
Battery swap doesn't make sense for the US market, imo. However, it's a good model for the Chinese market.
Super toro
[removed]
Yes, I own a chunk of them.
[deleted]
Couple errors, I don't think the coal reserve is as big as you think it is. China is having regional blackouts due to the coal dispute with Australia. Secondly battery swapping is not unlimited so you can't just use them like a gas station, I believe the limit is 5 a month also CATL is going to be supplying a lot of EV companies so Nio doesn't really have a market advantage there. Last, You are correct it is going to take multiple years to see if Nio can match Tesla, they are just so far ahead of everyone: from FSD to battery tech, to production numbers, to charging infrastructure etc. Nio is going to need something to differentiate themselves from the other 47 chinese EV makers
Lithium-ion batteries are horribly inefficient for mass energy storage and degrade with use. It’s a bad idea to use them as a power wall if their main purpose is to be used in cars.

Source: I build lithium-ion batteries.
Stay strong, wait for Thursday.
Should I sell half my GME shares and get into NIO on monday?
ARKF if you think a correction is due.

It weathers those better.
Looks like a pump and dump
[removed]
Lmfao

https://twitter.com/RationalEtienne/status/1347965874473414656?s=20
Nio
If the dollar keeps rising it has potential to go down lower.  I think it will go lower but bulllish long term, so yes buying the dip
They also say something that sounds like die low
Our planet is smaller than the size of a human blood cell in the grande scheme of things. Earth might very well be part of gigantic beings but we have an inability to put the pieces together, atm at least. All we can do is "XYZ is this far away and size is this much"
mango man out of battery now
People have more of  a problem with  the CCP retards in power than with no thats why it fell after it was delisted off certain markets(cough*USA). Especially with the Hong Kong travesty
As do I! 💉💊 🥴
Yes. Until it’s autistic
Yup, that's the only factor in economics 

*smh*


https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf

>The United States is the world’s single largest economy (at market exchange rates), accounting for almost 22 percent of global output and over a third of stock market capitalization. It is prominent in virtually every global market, accounting for about one-tenth of global trade flows, one-fifth of global FDI stock, close to one-fifth of remittances, and one-fifth of global energy demand. Since the U.S. dollar is the most widely used currency in global trade and financial transactions, changes in U.S. monetary policy and investor sentiment play a major role in driving global financing conditions.
[deleted]
Have you been to other places? Because this is a very American-centric view of culture. It may not be typical of how things work here, but this is absolutely how cultures operate in places like Japan, China, etc.  I mean go to Japan and go to a Nintendo store and tell me it's not the same exact thing.  Brands serve as community/cultural centers.

Shit. Go to the Ukraine or eastern Europe.   The rich go hang out together at McDonalds' there.  It's considered high class.
Those people were always overly optimistic. This year of 2021 is about deploying the vaccine on the world population and watching it actually solve the covid. In 2022, after covid is solved, THEN the party starts and the masks disappear.

Buy cruise ship & airline stock and hold for 2 years.
[deleted]
Oh you are impatient/ don't plan ahead and live in the hood, yeah gamestop is a niche market.
$GOLD is down right now, but people smarter than I are saying it's a BTFD opportunity and should bounce back up here fairly quickly.  (Just popped into some GLD and SGOL  weeklies Friday, myself).
Are there any news websites left that don't autoplay videos?
Ban this nonbeliever
[deleted]
Yea I was going to shit all over his post in the comments. 
Nio is alright but it ain't real. Tesla got NIO bent over the rails in it's own country. No one in the EV sector can compete against tesla. Tesla is now too big to fail. No other company has a chance to match. Apple could possibly come close because they have an endless stream of income. But now that Elon is the richest man in the world. He can afford to make any and all problems just go away.
So true, I recall reports of pilots saying their training was bullshit and they didn't even learn anything from it too.

Down with BA, that stock rose so much since Covid March and I don't know why, it should still be dirt cheap.
Tl;dr: millennials r fuk
A house is a real thing. Short of a dividend or buyout, stocks are backed by nothing.
I saw a lot of what he said reported by cnbc before he did his DD so he seemed pretty credible

https://youtu.be/IS8_v6K2_Gg
Gonna lose all my money on GME let’s go
He definitely from CCP. Look at his comment history, he commended on the post saying that the CCP is good and the westerners are brainwashed to think the CCP is bad
Did you short it?
If you did sorry for your luck
Weekend dow MOONING
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Man it’s like no one looks at the upcoming news for the week.
https://twitter.com/AustinKellerman/status/1348315510241427457?s=19

>SECOND OFFICER DEATH.

>Capitol Police Officer Howard Liebengood, 51, who worked Wednesday during the siege, has died by su icide, according to the former Capitol Police Chief. 

>He labels it a “line of duty casualty,” per Nancy Cordes.
😙😙😙
This aged well
boomerstreetbets
k lol.
Shut up. Shut your dirty mouth. Stocks only go up!
you have puts? If so, yes.
If it helps I still don’t know how to gain massive or what risk is involved... if someone does a call and gains like 5000% does that mean they could have lost more than they put in too?
those are so fire 🔥
Do your own DD, but yeah I'm in May $20c... and if there's a negative day prior to Wednesday I'll be jumping into August $20c.
Unless they are calls.
You sure? https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf

>The United States is the world’s single largest economy (at market exchange rates), accounting for almost 22 percent of global output and over a third of stock market capitalization. It is prominent in virtually every global market, accounting for about one-tenth of global trade flows, one-fifth of global FDI stock, close to one-fifth of remittances, and one-fifth of global energy demand. Since the U.S. dollar is the most widely used currency in global trade and financial transactions, changes in U.S. monetary policy and investor sentiment play a major role in driving global financing conditions.
BANK
[removed]
[deleted]
Resellers are the assholes.
Damn, I guess that works on WSB.
This is fair I think, but if anything could be a good opportunity to buy the dip in BA if someone doesn’t want to take the short trade.
Never investing in NIO.
The thing is, people are investing because they think Ryan Cohen sees value that other people don’t. It quite obvious by the time you see that value, everyone else has, and by that time the opportunity is gone.
Do you think the ccp has the level of irony to name their shill 'notccpbot'?
Could be a big week for GME hows the crew feeling
ARKF OR ARKG?
Oooo now I want some CapriSun. Think Imma head to the grocery store!
Never said China didn't have an EV market. I said NIO and Chinese car manufacturers have never successfully sold in US.
See now thats retarded
Mango gonna screw with big tech this week. Maybe wait?
What is your dad's opinion on NIO?
You'll be good if the general market trend is good such as last week

You'll be SOL on a 1-2% generalarket dip
Nice. That will end up a 50-47 shootout
Did you see the render of the building too? Its not even a picture of the real place and all the other references were really vauge
“Tesla’s about to pop”
“Put your money where your mouth is” 
-Actually has puts on Tesla
“God look at this retard” 
Wsb really just hates bears I guess lol
These dependents can’t get the $600
I bought a small amount of FCEL back when it was less than 3$. Saw it rally to 3.50$ and thought, naaahhh I'll wait for a dip. It then proceeded to keep climbing to 10 before dipping back down. My cost average is a little under 9 now. Every time it rallies and dips it just rallies back up with a new high. The retard strength is strong on this stock 🚀
Ok wumao. Now I *know* you’re a wumao. And let’s grapple with it, for the sake of argument: that process played out hundreds of years ago. CCP is culling Uyghurs in Xinjiang *today.* CCP allowed Covid to spread via LNY travel barely a *year* ago.
Welp I'm fucking all in
$70 2/19
Oh no.
[deleted]
I shorted oil this week, down a bit. fell like the market was too bullish to support a continous upptrend
BLNK please fly
Of course. I don't hold spacs through them either. I meant the long term outlook
His username is “notccpbot”. That makes him, by definition, a ccp bot.
Please remove any Chinese propaganda.
On the mars exchange it's already over $1,000
The retarded fallen before us have provided much enlightenment through the long dark tunnel ahead.
Here's a paper:
https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf

>The United States is the world’s single largest economy (at market exchange rates), accounting for almost 22 percent of global output and over a third of stock market capitalization. It is prominent in virtually every global market, accounting for about one-tenth of global trade flows, one-fifth of global FDI stock, close to one-fifth of remittances, and one-fifth of global energy demand. Since the U.S. dollar is the most widely used currency in global trade and financial transactions, changes in U.S. monetary policy and investor sentiment play a major role in driving global financing conditions.
You can tell he’s real IF he’s being honest about the CCP 

AKA he’s real
I have put leaps lmfao
Thing is, Nio isn't driving the EV bubble; Tesla is. People are fooling themselves when they say, we'll the bubble will burst for all of them EXCEPT TESLA. Tesla is setting the valuation expectation for Nio and the other EVs. None of the other EVs are going to drop by themselves. It's going to be Tesla that pops the bubble. Once Tesla pops, then yeah, look out, but until then ride the bubble with the other EVs which are still cheaper to get in.
I’ll take KC & Saints. Still boomer v kid
Sure but they’re already paying rent on those stores so think of it as an expense that was already budgeted in for next year. And I’m not sure commercial real estate landlords have a lot of leverage these days.
Is Apple turning another corner by making their own chips?
[deleted]
Probably BABA's funeral.
You guys never fail to crack me up
yeah, gilfs are hot
religion doesn't change your race lmao
[deleted]
Remember the time when SPY 220P was a thing
KMI options are ridiculously cheap. I’m specifically looking at the $15c 1/21 2022 and it’s only 1.35

E: I also know nothing about the company lol
[deleted]
Brutal.
r/WSBAfterHours has a nice double entendre to it.
As you should be
so don't hold thru merger, simple as that.
Papa goes on trial in march
what is the difference between Chinese retards YOLOing on NIO and US retards YOLOing on GME?
Not the least bit prestigious. Those concepts can be found in any local community college.

Save your money. Nothing that can’t be learned in a book.
Wtf is juice?
LMAO

shit good point. Boomers don't own TSLA (except thru SPX/SPY)/BLNK/DASH shit tho
Nah, fuck the CCP.

I'll get my tendies somewhere else.
Price comparison is the only DD you need bro.
Don’t the numbers come after hours?
I mean bottom men could do the job as well. Why discriminate based on their sexual position preference? Seems very strange.
Not even bad picks tbh
[deleted]
Stopped reading two words in. Please learn to sprinkle some rockets at the beginning to keep my attention.  🚀🚀🚀🚀
Posting 1/8 old content. Yeah stay looking for a job retard.
I've learned so much here in 6 a year.
Switch to the shares, you haven't realized anything yet.
Idk about forever look at the generation that was born in 2000 between Travis Scott and and the focus on health care I’m sure the money is being funneled into the issue of a.I in China taking jobs
Want to know what's really shaking ? Let's ask Jack Ma..oh wait..
[deleted]
Their SEC filings usually form S-1 or can google it, makes it faster to find.
Sure. But there’s a little thing called patents they’ll have to secure, brand recognition and creating a superior product. 

Tesla is like an apple product. You know it’s gonna be good just because it’s made by Tesla. 

People that have Tesla roofs are proud as fuck to say they have one. 

Imagine the let down if you have a knock off when people ask you if that’s a Tesla roof.
Idk why she looks so weird lol
🦛
[deleted]
I can see the brand prestige and yes tesla has a factory there. Supposed to be able to build 250k a year. Now sure what the actual amount was out of that factory was. But it's not a chinese company. Not sure how strong the national loyalty is there but I would assume strong.

 I think in the next 4 years nio will outpace tesla, in china production. I could very well be wrong and I'm not bearish on tesla. Just my opinion.
[deleted]
Yes, but those times are usually when IV is high. In those cases spreads > naked
Yeah she didn’t know anything ahead of time, but that’s like 90% of the reason she sends out the daily trade updates. To get retards to follow her blindly.
Thank you random redditor i will now drop $500 on this
Lmao the train keeps rolling
I know what a fugayzi is but I’m still not prepared for the fucking circles.
A twat I can take. But misinformed? That’s going overboard mate.
Please read this if you can
What’s your expiry? RN I’m holding six March $21 calls
Idk these autists must be new
I hear that. My options have already doubled
What’s your expiry? RN I’m holding six March $21 calls
Imagine weed stocks were able to price in as much of the future as Tesla? I don’t see why they don’t. APHA trades as if it’s a mature market. Fuck off give me that 1500 PE
10x on warrants as well
You use and contribute to the CCP regardless, in software and physical goods. You’re not investing by buying shares in a company, you’re just participating in secondary buy/sell marketplace. They already got money when they sold it at share offering.
Those cars have shit styling
Good for the investors, obviously? What the heck are you doing on wsb then? Investing in some boomer stocks and getting some good ol’ dividents?
Well, as long as he says “Pardon me...” while he pulls up his pants, he’ll be alright.
[deleted]
Showed my stepdad and his neighbor and they were both drooling. These guys got $$$ and both said they install this year.
Why?
#VIX SAYS BUBBLE TALK IS FOR 🤡
NIO will moon. NVDA probably won’t do much. No position in either.
It's just not nice dude. There like a 4 block radius that isnt mostly trash and south beach is 1 huge tourist trap
Twitter down hugely

FB maybe shakes it off tho
Yeah that would undoubtly have domino effect
top is in
Okay buddy. You go into Industry and Green Energy and let us know how it went 5 years from now
i needed this.
Lol you need mental help man. Stop with the us vs them shit. Make money and stfu
Look at how much Chewy is worth, then look to see if dog food is available on Amazon. Walmart is still in business, but I can buy all of that from Amazon.

Whores are cheaper, but people keep getting married! It just doesn't make sense!
[deleted]
This is a damn good point, that guys account is clearly fishy, if not outright a bot/pumper.
Yes, well, you are correct in that. Except that other EV sales grew more than Tesla. Even if you take into account their last month of quarter shit.

And in some countries they even went down massively in 2020 compared to 2019.
April or February? Its 4/16 or 2/19
Is there a way to make 200+ a week just from spreads?
End of day Friday was great to buy the dip CMC
Your English is incredible, sorry people are being racist
Pretty fuckn wacky that tencent owns 10% of Reddit and it’s banned
Retard from Hong Kong can confirm

our local forums are heavily infiltrated by CCP backed accounts. They jump on heated China-related topics and tried to stir up the debate.
He's saying better is subjective, people have taste differences, brand loyalty, all that shit. Amazon is just doing something strictly better than B&N, Tesla literally can't do that
https://www.carlogos.org/chinese-car-brands/#:~:text=The%20Chinese%20traditional%20%22Big%20Four,Chery%20and%20Jianghuai%20(JAC).

They have a lot of manufacturers already that dont sell to us and they have been around for a very long time. US stock market is the best way to get the most money.
You truly don’t belong here until you lost a few hundred bucks. I lost $300 on GME calls the other week
[deleted]
this'll make harden stay!
When shit hits 100 dollars after this stimmy package
Ok Richard
I’ve seen this one being thrown around. LEAPs are cheap AF, I’ll throw a grand at em at open.
I love nio but the massive hype behind it worries me?
Also, look out for posts in r/Sino, basically a Chinese propaganda subreddit that I browse to laugh at these retarded communists lmao
It's either going to do well or end up like hofv
You can have my upvote. Everyone should take all chinese DD with a grain of salt, especially since pooh bear is pulling the strings anyway
[deleted]
There was a sale the last Two weeks
I get it

Once you lose your first 10,000 or so, you begin to appreciate consistent smaller gains
They obvs think we're retards
Do we not sell the news any longer? Weird timeline...
Tomorrow we're gonna go UP, DOWN, SIDEWAYS, & IN FUCKING CIRCLES... Do you know what a Fughazi is?
Made some money in NKLA puts but just in stocks now. 

$300k of MT at $21.31

$150k left in PCG. Sold most of my position a couple months ago for $100k in gains. 

Made another $100k in JETS last fall. 

Super embarrassed to say that I bought $300k worth of $GOLD two weeks ago and am flat. I think it’s a great play to hold for 1-3 years but that’s boring and I want a 5-bagger in the meantime.
sell side analysts are geh
When a Boeing crashed, its BA’s fault. Remember when they tried to blame the pilots when the MAX crashed? They earned this.
Reddit is filled with Chinese propaganda. This is one of the bigger subs. Don’t be surprised if the mods are already compromised.
That c0rn dump was pathetic
[deleted]
🤣
Autists buying an unrelated stock due to Elon's tweet
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/01/08/elon-musk-boosts-signal-app-signal-advance-stock-jumps-1100percent.html
We may be retards, but we’re AMERICAN retards, god damn it. We need to rise up and tell those commies this is OUR sub, not the CCP’s.
idk just do some 30-40% OTM put debits for 6-12 months out

sit back and watch the $$$$ roll in
With enough shares, you can sell calls and puts. You’ll earn money from option contracts while earning profits from the shares too.
Regret in 3,2,1 (why didn’t I load up on nio when it was at $1 😭😭😭)
[removed]
hate against something that has absolutely no effect on you is not healthy! Go get a massage or drink some Caprisun to chill bro!
🤤🤤
My potential call plays for tomorrow: BLOK, more ICLN, CLOV

What y’all got?
Yes, been holding VALE leaps for a week or two and up 100%+. Thats nothing compared to the potential
**Brand loyalty** is such a stupid thing to do lol. Blind sheep person.
No, they start every quarter slow, look at the latest numbers from Europe, rising as they always do.
Thats because its just Europe taking about how they would've lost 600k but they had to buy shares not options so they only lost 60k.
[deleted]
[removed]
People generally fall into two categories: mountain and beach.

I assume you are the former. It’s way deeper than just geography.
I don’t follow FTSE. Strictly US stocks/options
Yep, it's a clear propaganda post. I work for Tesla and the demand has been unprecedented and is only rising. We just finished setting up our PoPs there cause of the firewall.
Thanks i go through Texas every few years. I will add it to my Texas list of places to go.
You could NOT call everyone a retard multiple times throughout the post. Thats also an option. Shrug
Yes
I think you turned this into a racist statement (dog whistle to the left) when u/laramidian 's point is that we shouldn't being importing labor due to everything the OP pointed out. Your reactionist and retarded rhetoric is part of the problem. I bet u/laramidian would say the same thing if it was Germans, or French or British flooding over here on H1B or illegally even though they are "white". I don't hate Chinese people, I think the Chinese government is the enemy.
Maybe not in the US, but Norway and Germany are eager and willing to buy Chinese EV cars.
Very superficial and materialistic folks.  Just a party city tbh.
I’m so fucking scared for my 1/15 $950
So...if true the ccp is retarded enough to write out a lengthy DD from a user with no post history, when the majority of autists here don’t even need propaganda to go all in on NIO anyways? Fuck me, the ccp really does belong in this sub! Welcome comrades.
No particular reason. That’s what everyone says here and just wanna feel like I belong. Hi retards
Why wouldn't Apple just buy Canoo? This makes no sense. 

Hyundai developed the E-GMP platform completely by themselves and it's better than Canoo's skateboard. I don't see any reason why Hyundai would use Canoo's platform over their own.
Not the guy you responded to, but some non-racist people do call ppl wumao.
yeah
bought at 16.70 lets see how this goes
No. I expect the bubble would pop sooner, then correct back with stimulus money

So instead of 380 -> 500 —> 380

We go 380 - 320 —> 420
i guess it could go either way but us retards were doing a good job of trying to influence each other on this Chinese stock.  Frankly, i appreciate the additional DD and agree with it having lived in Shanghai for several years.

That said, i agree that we should be weary of potential infiltration.  If i see posts from Pangolin Jr (PangJu as his friends prolly call him) talking how this sub needs some reeducation, i'll prolly ignore it.
[deleted]
820p hola señor
That’s also because of the amount of absolute retards who follow DD blindly
So what if it pops? A bunch of trampolines have been placed. V shape bounce.
what ftse stocks do you like right now? i got rio and glen so far. Eyeing with ulvr
Friday was the top for TSLA.

When this moons tomorrow the public will drop TSLA so fast Elon will be worth less than Mark Cuban.
[deleted]
1000*
On Monday I’m going all in on NIO calls. What positions should I be considering?
[removed]
Someone admitting Tesla has the lead and will continue to do but there's plenty of room for a #2?  Ya, sooooooo strange...
I put in a good word for ya when I head into work tonight! 😁👍
right but somebody else is going to do this same thing too
All of you must have calls.. RIP
All the worst ppl from nj go to Florida
reddit gold is soo useless. in fact its annoying to have with this highlight comments garbage
Really?
Key word Sometimes
Yea at least 3-4years away
Just rain. Ordering from taco haven now
Holy shit you're delusional lmao
!Remind me 1 year
i know i do, i only bought 5 instead of the 10 i wanted to, up 1200% currently
The Neil Tyson Degrasse of crazy people right here.
What was the oyster company??
If you're on reddit, then the answer is always yes.
XD
Follow up and show initiative
[removed]
[deleted]
Why you feel that way
if you mean calls - for sure
This is an EV play you retard.
Queen rolling over weeklies, how did you get over the feeling that this shit might drop? That’s what I have been saying for entire time. Because you were buying calls at ATHs for the past 10 months.
Great writeup. Im not into options yet but ill definitely be buying as much nio stock as possible
[removed]
Id be willing to get BULL tatted on my fingers if I make a serious bag
Not much tbh. He gets a pension now so he has some real FCF
Nice to hear someone is selling puts @25 like I do.
Wtf are you on.. nio’s priced in and you’ll see on Monday 💀
Buy NIO, 1.393 billion people in China. 328 million in "Merica. 

You'll figure it out, maybe
[deleted]
Taiwan is a country
Someone watched 15 useless science facts today
X and CLF called to say hello and want you boys to know they're doing just fine.
You know those weirdos you see mumbling to themselves on the sidewalk? Facebook and the likes have given them a place to congregate and spread their retard ideas to other retards like themselves
Where do you think they learned it?

5th domain warfare brother. Disinformation is stupid fucking easy.

How do you know im not a dude wearing a tie, sipping coffee in an office in langley?

(just kidding, they probably outsource that shit to people HR data set people).
Number 2 is a good point.
Want to know how I know you're not a native speaker?  You put spaces before punctuation, wumao.
But their not technical service/support which could be where GME is going.
[deleted]
Here's a white paper that shows that the U.S. is not only the largest market in the world, but American's influence global markets. Aka if American's like something, the world will start to like something. 

Here's a quote: 

\>The United States is the world’s single largest economy (at market exchange rates), accounting for almost 22 percent of global output and over a third of stock market capitalization. It is prominent in virtually every global market, accounting for about one-tenth of global trade flows, one-fifth of global FDI stock, close to one-fifth of remittances, and one-fifth of global energy demand. Since the U.S. dollar is the most widely used currency in global trade and financial transactions, changes in U.S. monetary policy and investor sentiment play a major role in driving global financing conditions.

[https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf](https://www.econstor.eu/bitstream/10419/166746/1/884608719.pdf)
You gotta believe the Chinese quant
4/16 is still fine IMO, but when you do want to roll them, you would sell these and rebuy in to the same calls with longer expiry and slightly more OTM. So once the time comes you can do ICLN 7/16 or 1/21/22 with $40C
If I had a gun with two bullets and was stuck in a room with Putin, Erdogan and Xi I’d shoot xi twice
CRM brought WORK and NIO partnered with NVDA.  Two different transaction types retard.
Ewwww. That's almost as gross as buying a Hyundai to get an APPL logo on it.
[deleted]
Stratton oakmont encourages the abuse of drugs.
I don’t really care if that DD is posted by Xi himself as long as it brings me tendies.

Cold War boomers can keep their patriotic dividend earning $ED and kiss my ass.
Careful.. your ignorance of the world is showing
I’d hold it through the month at least
I don't like Stops. They always fill. Always. 

So if I think about a stop, I just sell at that moment.
Anal?
Always existed, exploited and accelerated by technology (much easier to target and influence with disinformation).
Just meant to be a joke. Rumours today that Hyundai betrayed their Korean bros (Samsung) and partnering with apple for apple car
I dropped 2k on it on Friday and left feeling retarded. Trust your vibe
You’re gonna be shocked when you find out Elon is trying to break into the Chinese EV market. Probably no reason.
Somewhere in the 400s and in June most likely, but that bubble ain’t popping till my 1/15 1k expire ITM 😤
Champaign bubbles
Have you ever considered that 2018 =/= 2021?

Their financials are looking better each quarter. They closed down 1000 underperforming stores/ aren’t renewing their leases. They paid back 125m in debt early (how would they do that if they’re on the brink of bankruptcy? Oh wait they aren’t). They have 400-600m in straight cash. 1bil+ inventory. Beat last quarters expected EPS.

Maybe you should do some current research before spewing random bullshit, fucking retard
I bought 100 TSLA 800 call on 1.6.21 for about 21000$ sold for 23000 few mins later. 1.8.21 it closes at 800000.
Soy bean futures
I’m listening... curious if you actually think they can do it, or just retard speak. I own some F shares
Thank lord someone said it. When I downvoted it it was already above 3k upvotes, bots and idiots can go a long way in changing perception. I'm sure there's at least a few retards who went all in on it after that. It was blatantly propagandist and yet mods didn't remove it. Smfh.
but i keep hearing butthurt retatds saying "waaahhh it's not BA's fault WAAAHHH" 🤔
Pretty sure not...
Yeah it’s fucking gross in here rn
Don't trust the Chinese boys. They're just here to take out money. Just look at the user name. "Not CCP".

NICE TRY XI JINPING SPIES.
Kids filming themselves arguing with their parents over racism just so they can put it on the internet and seek attention on tiktok lol
Bro
Bullish
[removed]
Which ones you looking at? Man TSLA options are expensive
Fuck the ccp and the invasion of libtards past couple of months
Shitting on Deborah's desk
I like a tampa- kc Superbowl. Boomer v kid.

Fun fact I actually watched brady's first games on tv including that snowbowl
Another person who is bad with math. Math is hard.
Two things:

1) I think the bar for not being crazy got raised by a lot. You have to know more things to not be crazy because you get inundated with bullshit wrapped in pseudoscience a lot more often. 

2) it got a lot easier for crazy to be loud and find other crazy, which creates a spiraling vortex of crazy synergism.
500 SPX by June. Discuss
My mind is blown. I already had 200 billion reasons to hold TSLA and keep buying calls. But fuck now you’re making me even hungrier lol
[deleted]
They’re actually having to wait months in the Bay Area for install due to demand. 

The difference is obvious. It looks sick vs ugly ass panels and Tesla makes superior product. Also more expensive tho.
Vote free beer drug dealer guy. That's sure to help. Also a great way to boost your respect among the other provinces and the world. "Hey, free beer drug dealer guy is doing Covid! We should listen."
You're autist prodigy, big dong powerenergy
I don't see a CCP ticker?  How do I buy calls?
I love you
I'm a NIO bear mainly bc im salty about the 1000 shares I used to have at $3, but comparing these two are completely different. Salesforce acquired slack at a premium, which the market seemed to perceive as a detriment to CRM in the long run
Pleas
[*The Sign You Were Looking For *](https://twitter.com/ryancohen/status/1347585815984091136?s=19)
Why
I have Icln 34c 1/15. Break even is 35. Am I fuxk ?
Love the FCEL insight, I jumped onto it late so I might sell it quickly if it drops. Thanks!
Holy bearfest.
My financial goal is to make around $400 a month when I turn 65.
Lol
Give me a year.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/StocksDreamer|[How do you define life?](https://redd.it/kuiwuk)
/u/likemikej23|[Aphria](https://redd.it/kuixpv)
/u/thecreatorcoffe|[new autist here](https://redd.it/kuj31s)
/u/Punisher274|[2021 Again!](https://redd.it/kuj4l6)
/u/Sure-Huckleberry-717|[Enough already](https://redd.it/kuj62y)
/u/lucacha|[Here's a program that spots buzzing stocks on Reddit and Twitter](https://redd.it/kujbqk)
/u/Alabollae|[IPOs](https://redd.it/kujdfm)
/u/zephaniiiah|[Okay, let’s say I was a total fucking idiot right? I genuinely want to start investing, and I don’t know where else to ask for advice. Are there any tips a brother can get to start investing in 2021?](https://redd.it/kujfdi)
/u/lucacha|[Here's a program that spots buzzing stocks on Reddit and Twitter](https://redd.it/kujghh)
/u/Pala93|[Will you become a Nionaire?](https://redd.it/kuji4h)
Bless you

If you represent the Wu
I just dry them out in the sun and sprinkle them as black pepper. Yum!
Also mindfuck... Sharks existed before there were any trees
Ironically Venezuela suffers because they are NOT a world reserve currency sovereign and must repay debt in US dollars. They are a target for economic assassination because they tried to maintain national public control of their natural resources (oil)
How does that make you a failed parent that your 11 year old likes this content?
Good luck!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
you're broke, rip
900p reporting for duty
regret selling nio, people said to buy the rumour, sell the news, that ir wpuld tank after nio day

i suspect it wont, i suspect i won't be listening to that woman again
Once it pops, it will too late to, but it puts the price will be ridiculed.
Just try to gamble before it happens is like a casino
Warrants are just options, but instead of being written by a random person or a bank, they are written by the company themselves as a way to sell off equity.

So just like an option, you have the ability to exercise the warrant to buy the shares at a certain price (the strike) by a certain date. 

So the LNGW+ warrants are for an exercise price of $11.50 ea which means you need to add the excercise price plus the price of the warrant you pay in order to figure out how much 1 share would cost you. They were trading at 6.15 at close Friday so that means 11.50+6.15 means that you can get shares at 17.65 each as long as it goes over 11.50 a share by the time the warrant runs out.

These warrants expire in 2025, so you have many years to get over that amount (it already is). The main downside of warrants is that it could expire worthless if under the strike price, unlike a share which you'd still have the shares. The other downside is there are usually stipulations as to how soon you can exercise the warrant. So the stock price could shoot up to $30 a share and then back down to under $10 before your ability to exercise the warrant.

For those reasons they usually trade at less than the cost of the shares because of the extra stipulation. However, if you believe in the company and plan on holding for a year anyhow, it allows you to purchase shares at a discount of the going rate. 17.65 instead of 20
Rolling blackouts have been a problem in CA due to capitalism, not because of demand.
WSB getting cocky with gains. We all know what that means. Wipe this week 🥸
Compound interest
Pinging u/notccpbot to respond to these allegations.
How many people does it take to develop and manage software? Not that many.
How about people who wave you to go when it's their turn at a 4 way?
VR GME FUNHOUSE?!
They never called me back after my interview tho
Like retail or resellers . Either way that's retarded
Dog that’s fang fang on wall street
**Never** go full retard.
puts on BA cant go tits up with $10 lottos
Wtf you are a weird kid still
[deleted]
Totally. When I see that stuff I just wonder who has the time for that shit??!! Like literally, not enough time in the day, let alone to make up something about lizard people running the universe and then making t shirts about it. JFC people.
Press X to doubt.
Guys we got one
There's nothing that invites people to buy from Chewy over petsmart either.
Their home power bank is the true VIP
[deleted]
Hoping to keep riding TSLA till inauguration at least. Only have AAPL shares but think earnings look to be good
Thanks will spend all the Wendys paycheck on this
Tax expert autists: I bought a house this year. That means I don’t have to pay any cap gains right? 😂
4 month old account, with only 1 post prior;

Yeah thats a bot account if i havent seen one. Its pretty easy to look at a users post history and see what the trend is. If every post is about china, or theres a limited amount of posting, followed by one big slurry of posts or a mega post, its obviously a throw away or a bot. 

But when i look at your account, i can see actual posts, opinions and consistent positions, and a lot of non-political shit. Tell-tale sign, you're not a bot/schill.
puts obviously
I have ICLN $30C 4/16 @ 2.40. Is currently at 5.90. What do I roll it out to?
Luckin coffee has entered the chat
Si
Exactly! We're too retarded to avoid falling for propaganda. That's why it's so dangerous.
why would it be huger than all the existing other solar installation options lol
Wait why???
He also went pee pee in my Coke
That’s considered ntm... You just answered your own question, it’ll prolly not be cheaper vs just buying shares at the current price if you believe the stock won’t make more than a 10% move next week. This scenario is the reason why most options aren’t actually exercised and just traded
Yeah, i wouldn’t trust any airline maintenance crews until they get back to work full time, shake off the rust, and get comfortable in their routine jobs again. All it takes it one missed check ☝️

And then I’ll wait for the pilots to warm up. Probably won’t be on a plane , if at all until 2022
I think a lot people know it’s true, but buying puts on Amazon is still crazy expensive and more expensive considering you can’t just buy weeklies, because who knows when it will crash.
Wendy's doesn't.
Bleed 5% then uppies
Omg your neighbors car and the color😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Since this is not a political sub, I’ll leave it at this.  The last three days have seen accounts and groups of conservatives wiped off of Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.  Parlor has been de-platformed by Apple, Google, and Amazon.  I don’t give a fuck about Trump, but I do have a concern with the censorship and marginalization of millions of people because it always leads to very bad things.  When they start lashing out, shit is going to get really ugly really fast.  Way worse than any of that BLM shit over the summer.  As of Monday, I’m switching my investments to a strategy that will hedge against that likely bad outcome.  Worst case is that I end 2021 up 50% in my account thanks to the past week and it’s only 10 days into the year.  Best case is I make some life-changing money off of the chaos when it happens.
Is just recognized Taiwan last night too
Not to mention all of the inherited funds go straight to their degen children too. A hereditary sector roration into meme stocks. Can't go tits up 🚀
Calls on Baltimore..  Who retards got?
[removed]
Gonna feel it out.  I bought feb-26 exp so I don't really have time for things to play out.  If it jumps another 10% ill probably hold for a while but if it becomes profitable quick I'm gone.  Its extremely rare for Tesla to have multiple shitty days in a row
Too true, very sad 😥
8k on Jan 15 2021 850p on tsla.
Let's see how it goes
Yea its a good hedge. I am bullish on tesla but even i got a leap put on Friday
I started following this sub around the great rise and fall of IQ. Feels like ages ago
Bet you more rich boomers survive though.
[deleted]
Wanna learn a quick mindfuck?
In the entire known universe, trees are rarer than gold. 

ICLN 40c 1/15
You are new to the sub, go suck a dong

Wsb used to downvote every chinese adr because they are unaudited and we cant trust their financials
Do you know Spanish?
Anyone know if Subway drug tests?
Hell, I'm old enough to be his daddy but I still want to call him Dad
Fuck China their genocidal ways and giving them any money.
Haha I got low key flamed for saying this. Indonesia is notorious for budget airline crashes.
Who here eats their boogers😋😋😋
lost brain cells
Soo, what’s the craziest thing you think we’re gonna see 🥭 do before leaving office?

You know it’s gonna be something straight crazy. 

I got calls on pooping in the WH herb garden.
u/HempInvader & u/SHoo98 have you guys not read our generals (i tremble at the thought of invoking his name, but alas, i must, to help save your tendies to buy more for the coming war!) u/uberkikz11 's latest DD on this week? Hedge your bets. This week aint it fam.

I'll make it sum it up for you, Q4 is going to be *weak*, so strap up, the shorts are coming but #wewantcohen willl save us!
[Cohen's latest Twitter post](https://twitter.com/ryancohen/status/1347585815984091136?s=19)

[The post by uberkikz11](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/krdqp5/gme_4q20_financial_model_update/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
[deleted]
[removed]
I think Twitter could go either way. Staying out and curious to see.
because they'll be green?
Haha I got low key flamed for saying this. Indonesia is notorious for budget airline crashes.
Sell covered calls on some of them, it’ll bring in some sort of income
You seem desperate in your trap.
Either way I don't care because of that sweet, sweet confirmation bias he gave me
I've been to about 30 countries and almost every state over the past 5 years.

Miami is by far the worst and least enjoyable place I've been to.
Chinese isn't a race- ask any Chinese Muslim you tard
This guy gets it
The US just recognized Taiwan 🇹🇼 last night. Us China relations are gonna get worse. They means China is gonna have money problems which means less investors. And less capital to buy the cars. I think NIO cars are great and I probably would have bought one but this is the way it is for now.
Look at icln chart bro it wild
Good. Don’t get caught in the details. All u need to know is u can 10x your money overnight
Holding both, nervous for FCEL's upcoming ER since they're not profitable I hope it doesn't dump. Tempted to sell a part of my position but might end up being a bad idea. Did that with PLUG last Wednesday and we all know what happened next
Please do this as I would like to load up on Amazon pre split, thanks.
This isn’t even vague racism. The Chinese government is totalitarian. You can separate people from government.
are retards really blaming sikorsky for kobe’s death when he wanted to fly into bad conditions to CaLaBaSaS?
So?
You guys really think nio’s going to moon based off the fact they partnered with nvidia.. Just look at what happened with salesforce and slack
I feel like Solar Roof is a way overlooked aspect of Tesla that will be huge in the future
this is so FUCKING stupid jesus christ
I think there needs to be a spin-off sub and this may be it.
Her purchases are starting to cause people to pile into the underlying
calls on global warming - long oil. The Texas way.
My friends and I were watching a twitch stream last night of 2 thots hosting a “dating show” where losers would pay to video chat with them. One dude got in and his stream was just a pic of a BBC. They shut the stream down so fast, we were dying. Anyway, TSLA to 100.
[removed]
Liberal redditors do that shit for free.
[removed]
Jpm is only going to keep mooning that that buybacks are allowed again
Are you a paperhanded clown or a diamond handed beast?
But CHYNAHH!!!
[deleted]
3 game parlay titans / browns / saints. $100 pays 9:1
Got the same on a 7 point teaser.  Let’s get it.
I’d keep it in stuff I believe in over the next few years like AAPL and PINS
u/rice4Free?  Shouldn't you also be pumping NIO?
Chyna
Truck guys do this
Yeah, PLTR to the 🌝🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
They love war but will settle for using already existing stockpiles and equipment.
20+ year old 737, not MAX
Tencent's largest shareholder (around 30%) is Naspers, a South African company. Why don't you just say Reddit is controlled by South Africans?

Oh wait Elon is also South African. TSLA to the moon confirmed.
Hello ccp
index funds? but I'd most likely just buy leaps like I should have done in March.
Might consider this as a hedge for my calls.
This is the way. Way too many retards letting emotions and brainwashing narratives get in the way of making money.
Go long TANH. Yay or nay?
Predictions for Nio this week?
What if William lee becomes like jack ma? A cult figure? Do you think it will alarm the government?
🌞🎛🇨🇦short squeeze imminent
Pretty sure it has always been this way and we just didn't hear about the crazies. Edit : At the same time, reddit made me realize that there is a lot of fun and great peoples around. Youtube, facebook, twitter gave me the complete opposite feeling.
Bout tree fitty
I've been getting good chuckles out of this thread, but this one got me. Well done.
Total production of \~100k in a country with 250m cars. Nio are not everywhere.
Sir, this is a Wendy's drive-thru.
Not happening at all with the float of TAK\*
[deleted]
yes
[deleted]
You didn't buy more? Retard lmao
Yeah, didn’t think so. 

In my mind, I’m drawing parallels to the pet industry:
1. Target/Walmart/etc all sell your basic pet supplies. Nothing particular fancy
2. Petco/Petsmart are more sophisticated and cater to a larger swath of pet owners and pet needs as well as offer services for pets such as grooming.
3. Boutique pet shops often specialize in more high end supplies or niche pet markets
4. Online, you’ll find what you want somewhere (from 1, 2, or 3), but also small garage operations, international, etc.

Looking at the landscape for gaming, it looks the same, but with a gap
1. The same... Walmart, target, Best Buy, etc
2. Nobody
3. Your local card or game shop, GameStop 
4. Find anything online

The primary difference is #2. You have a highly fragmented industry with very strong markets for certain areas: video console/pc games, trading card games, board games (roughly in that order) 

It seems like a no brainer to bring scalability and consolidation to the gaming industry and create a one-stop-shop or one-“game”stop-shop.

GameStop can move into position and be in a class of their own. They better use all the 1st mover advantage and defend against the 2nd mover advantage as much as possible with the time they have.
Mastodon > Jewel you mean?
No. Russia and the Saudis would go broke. They need volume to generate more revenue. Cuts hurt opec economies.
tacky american shit
I don't think stopping a person from posting just because it seems they have a agenda. That being said, I think we do need to keep a lookout to prevent this sub from getting anymore polarized.
What you are saying makes no sense, your logic is flawed and dishonest, you know what is up. We cant trust these unaudited ADRs, especially a company that don’t even manufacture their own cars and puts fucking merch as revenues
Where did you find info about their lockout?
Samsung punching air rn
seriously, it’s a proven plane. retards can’t maintain the plane or fly it into retard weather
What makes you say they signed over their assets?
Stay above the water line.
Amazing
I hate how analysts always talk about the number of models being released in regards to electric vehicles. Who gives a shit how many models there are. Is it a good model? How many do you have the battery capacity to manufacture? 

What are its important metrics such as kilowatt hour size pack, range, efficiency, cost, charging speed and charging infrastructure? Just having models doesn't mean jack shit.
Yeah, I was in the military under Obama. That man reduced boots on the ground but bought bombs and planes like he was nestle and the bombs and planes were water from the Great Lakes. He also droned the fuck out of everyone. 

He just didn’t do the obnoxious Patriot tm thing that Republicans do because a lot of Dems are anti-war, so he kept a low profile.
Social media has definitely given a lot of people a platform. Also helps with the spread of misinformation
Also, when Biden says, "Forget.about budgets, we need to fix the economy", that's was a hint.
More about the joke to never buy a fucking Hyundai but yea the Boston dynamics acquisition was pretty spicy. I had my eyes on them and then that fucking dancing robot video game out lul
All right, your objection is duly noted.

Do you have postions currently?  Anything you're looking at in more detail, strikes/dates?
so calls?
Bro you’re in GME gang, half the DDs are made by brand new accounts...
I'm pretty sure he came in and said that Yellen's only job as Treasury Secretary will be to make sure JPOW has the printer brring at max capacity. She knows how fast it's capable of going and can tell just by the sound of the brr. DXY going to drop below the Obama low lows and stocks will only go up.
Ummm not true. That one guy was posting his gains everyday. I've seen plenty of other GME gain posts too. They've slowed down since the dip, but you can literally see each GME spike is followed by a big dip.

I don't even have GME and I see this. You have not earned your username. More like MiddleSchoolDiplomaRetard.
Doing the lords work. We can barely read English.
and rightly so
#AS LONG AS WE DONT GET DELISTED
Nio 100c 9/10 x100 🚀🚀🚀
Nothing new. Reddit is a TenCent product.
The plus side is that if you understand what the gov is trying to do, like being able to understand the underlying tone when the chairman makes an random none-related statement. You will be able to make a fucking fortune because when the state wants it, and it WILL GO UP.
[deleted]
Any bets on Twitter/FB/Amazon etc... reacting to the Trump fuckery over the weekend? Surprised Reps. have no called for a 'don't invest' protest
Lol CUMmmnism 😂😂👏👏
agree with this.
Don’t have to share resources... bullish
Wow so profound much wisdom.
[deleted]
Couldn't they just cut enough for oil to rocket to $100 so no one travels anymore?
Hopefully after I roll it
Says the American whose sitting president just incited an attack on his own government in an effort to discredit a legal election all of which accomplished through his cult of personality while his party still continues to enable and defend him.
that makes less than no sense

not happening, mark my words.

zero real rates are here to stay

fed is okay with letting inflation run hot, above 2%, to meet their new "average inflation" goal

raising rates meaningfully to combat inflation isn't really an option any more, it is becoming too expensive after all of this printing and balance sheet expansion IMO
Whats the culture like in Miami? Seems like everyone is fucking rich, cheats on their partners yet they don’t mind, and do blow. Am I right?
Good thought. Probably to anchor her ETF 
They do have drugs in the pipeline but Ling shit tho
Just fyi, CA is consistently the most successful state in the nation.
RIO baby
Ahh okay, this makes more sense!
Nobody cares about another BA plane crashing in southeast asia, most likely incompetent pilots.  🌈🐻 will get blown out.
I don’t have onlyfans but are there grandmas on there making money getting nude or whatever they do on there?
[removed]
Username checks out
Did you know that there are other countries and that China is one of said countries with people in it that drive? 🤡  1.4 billion people? 🤡🤡 With a middle class that is experiencing huge growth?? 🤡🤡🤡

Or, let me paraphrase that question, are you fucking retarded??? 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you aren't rolling icln calls all year what are you even doing.
TSLA is going high 900s EOW. Too much enthusiasm for 1k for it not to
You sure about that?
Exactly what i was thinking reading that thread. CCP has become a huge norm in western culture without folks even realizing it. Don’t let that shit run free here too
Tin futures are up 🚀
You think that will print?
CES, JPm health conference, stimulus deets Thursday
username checks out
Uranium is going thru the roof right now. Penny stock miners are soaring.
I need a bump
WSB taught me that they be fucking up the Silver prices , right ??
Puts maybe...
tits +3.5 and the over fo 2huned
it pops when it pops and then it grinds down for months

just change "stonks only go up" to "stonks only go down" later. buy calls til then

ez pz
Samsung punching air Rn
Part 1. Of why I sold my double digit gains in NIO
Other than using a Chinese app, I don’t want to be affiliated with the Chinese communist party.
God you whiners are repetitive. Get new material. False dichotomies are so 2019. Maybe go back to jaq'ing off and "just asking questions."
No
good bot
Y’all saying boomers gonna pop the bubble. Boomers literally can’t sell when they are part of the 4k covid deaths a day. 

Sounds awful, but this could be a reason. No sellers.
Lmaooo
Nice gains, ever kick yourself for not buying more options?
Man there are some fucking INSANE people out there these days. Y'all think it's always been this way but is just highlighted now by technology? Or you think technology has advanced the crazies??
ICLN
Thanks, another question to add to that, lets say i bought 1/21/22 contracts on 1/22/21. Since i’m one day off of an entire year, would it still count long term? What’s the exact cutoff? Thank you!
same here. im looking at the break even and considering june instead of leap
Exactly
Do you own any NIO u/Rain_is_blue ?
🌈🐻 don’t stand a chance. Who Dat!
Ok I’ll bite. 

Let’s say GME goes online. It partnering with Xbox cannibalizes that effort. I don’t think it has a snowball chance competing with steam and direct launchers so let’s rule PC out. 

What value, exactly, does GME bring to the gaming community? Are they gonna try to be Redbox? Game pass? What can they offer as a service that Xbox can’t? Brick and Mortar was the differentiating factor and its unprofitable.
Omg lol 😆
More tendies for us
Actually I disagree. A DD begging for tips would be valueless. But this is a discussion. This will be valuable to those also looking to find new stocks people are excited about. 

Typically I search WSB for stocks I already know about and receive confirmation bias for whatever my position is. In doing so, I’m not finding new companies. 

By posting this, I want people to post what they are behind and why.
I know I'm done gonna delete myself
How we feeling about AAPL and TSLA calls?
You're misinformed. And you're a twat. 

Now welcome to Wendy's. What can I get you?
Putting my entire IRA and 401K into ARK funds and ICLN/QCLN. Literally money printing machines
By god in 50 years I’ll be the boomer who never caved, and I’ll live in a fucking cardboard house under a bridge in Vegas throwing knives at a newspaper with headlines about how rule #4 reached $10,000,000, and I’ll create voodoo dolls of anyone who owns it and fucking throw you in the fire daily, burning brightly with the fuel of my useless dollar bills. And I’ll die happily knowing it kept me warm instead of turning into the filthy fucking MatrixBucks
I like how you showed your work.
All aboard the free money express
To the one who bought my 1/15 65 NIO call, please don't exercise.
It's like $100 a month for the beta testers.
Omg it's scientifically proven!

22000C 1/15 TSLA
Well done 👍
Of all the shit that goes on here, you think THIS needs to be called out as dangerous?

People legitimately bet their life savings here on short dated options based on less reliable DD or flat out memes.
And as a car guy it will always be a great brand to rip on
I’d leave it up and wait and see.

If we start getting more Chinese related DD then there might something going on
Lmao and the rest of us call holders will continue to make boat loads of money while you lose your shirt trying to be right ONCE 🤡
Lmfao bet
All your posst are on  unaudited chinese adrs,
Too big to fail companies like the big banks, Apple,
   
suplica por tu vida en español
New to investing here. Please explain :)
Agree, anything gaming related because GameStop specializes in gaming so why would you NOT want to go to a specialty store vs a general retailer..
Fuck J. P. Morgan. All my homies hate J. P.

Brought to you by silver gang
War yes, but Obama but the military budget 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/how-obama-shrank-the-military-1438551147
i see diamond emojis and tickers so i think i understand what you wrote
I love Chinese culture
You gotta admit, that TSLA 1/20/23 200p looks like a tasty lotto ticket. Also, a good way to hedge the market bubble.
Actually a really good play.  Going to steal it.
Robinhood offers June 98 cent strike price puts on Tesla for one penny, open interest of 47. What the actual fuck 😂😂😂
FDS? That is a secret club for 0DTE's?
Isnt that atm? Also, I still don’t understand how this is cheaper than just buying the 100 before the 8 percent move happens. Sorry I’m retarded and can’t make out the difference in the share price between paying 5,892 for 100 shares vs the latter...Forgive me lol
ignoring the fact that best buy is gonna get crushed before long, it's becuz some shit like tvs or stereos you want to see in person before you buy.  or boomers are afraid of shipping tvs.  that doesn't exist for games.  a ps5 game is a ps5 game is a ps5 game.  not like there are a dozen different versions to choose from.
No, no.  They'll hold there shares all morning, have lunch, maybe a martini or two, *then* sell their shares about 2 PM.  No problem.
Production cuts help but covid is getting worse so less travel
Are you planning on adopting me?
I watched Prison Break dont worry calls on baba.
This is not what we call "going in" 🌈
I dont come to this sub to learn!
[removed]
[removed]
Hey buddy, i changed the blue to be lighter, should be easier to see now. I also removed the glip glop from the variable names, should be nicer now too. I also gave you dollar signs on the axis when applicable.
I wonder if it’s because it might be most stable in an inevitable crash situation?
I rolled leaps into shares mostly
Long term
Listen here guga... you do STEAKS not STONKS
was that your nightmare from last night? I'm buying Tesla weeklies, I thought everyone here was doing that... lol
imagine holding that bag
This is some funny shit. He just wants to share his DD because as Chinese, and talking about a Chinese company, he has some language advantages that you regular English-only retards can't overcome. LMAO nobody is forcing you to long NIO.
Y put 8k for a 7 day tsla put at 850.
Short that shit is expensive
2021 Fight of the Year: Commies vs. Idiots
Lol this whole post sounds like a conspiracy theory. From random accusations with no merit to claiming to being "downvote botted". You guys need to get the brainwash of CHINA BAD! out of your heads. It's sad to see but I gaurantee in 4 years everyone will be dick riding China and remembering 80% of everything they purchase is from China for a reason.
Come on bro, this site is a bunch of retards. We just like to stare at moving numbers on a screen and go ohhh, ahhhh and nooo...
I mean... honestly that wasn’t even Boeing’s fault but it still will dump
Lmaooo ICLN is the fucking bubble
Didn't read. We know NIO is gonna moon, doesn't take genius.
Boeing just sucks. Too many plane crashes 😭
Dividends and personal finance subs are depressing subs.
More 👏multiracial 👏 genocidal👏governments.
[removed]
[deleted]
Nice I have 50x 26c April 16. Hope it prints biggly
The article notes that a Biden goody bag would force them to raise rates this year
>We have 'top men' looking into it. 'TOP MEN'
[deleted]
Shit we were hoping for snow in SA
Yes that is what I was getting at
I rolled otm leaps for awhile in robinhood then transfered to td and let it run
Ya IPOE was such an easy play but I fucked it up lol
Well that doesn’t really help anyone. Anything to add on the D2C integration of Empathy across the portfolio of brands or STZ next 3-6mos?
Hedge funds: "Look at me I'm the autist now!".
Heavy metals > precious metals
Who cares? They china can manipulate me all they want so long as I get rich from it
He is saying buy the dip
People that don't  bother to brush the snow off there windows are worse than trump supporters
Do you think the price of crude oil will increase this week?
Sould of left it RIM if you know what i mean
For stock positions $10 for vids and pics $5
A lot actually. Not because of gains I’m making, but I’m. Just rather curious
Supposedly the plague was good for savings and for credit debt. People didn't go anywhere, didn't spend any $$, and got debt paid down. I know that's true for me.
That’s exactly why I’m buying the puts. This shit’s a game to him.
>This post brought to you by CCP Gang Gang
I know I just bought a 2021 Elantra. Test drove a Tesla and the drive was Amazing but high insurance costs and quality issue turned me away.
We in here
He is right stop down voting him and hear him out.
The redeeming quality of WSB daily thread above other sub daily threads is that we actually reply to each other (besides opening and power hour that is)

Most subs it really is just shouting into the void. This is still shouting into the void but sometimes the void insults me back here.
U maericans with your fancy etf. I canty buy thqt shit im a europoor. Are there any alternatives except buying their holdings?
I’m up like 900% the last 2 months from JPM calls
Yellow seems sus!
Paid Signals on Instagram coming next I take it ?
Lol I don’t think I’ll have a problem with IV crush when this bitch starts gapping down 5%+ per day. I’m going to make big profit on this regardless of any IV crush, no question.
Retard enjoy going broke
what about increased and more complicated taxes?

INTUIT ftw?
Dude where were you on Friday? Any massive dump is going to happen before anyone can get in at open.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Halogen - U Got That        ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9W6AN_eQeZo) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9W6AN_eQeZo)⠀►►⠀ 2:05 / 3:08 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Thinking I should drop $500 on Vale calls on Monday
I know people who have lurked Reddit for years and never commented, or maybe the dude made a throwaway. Anyways he didn't say anything that isn't fact checkable online, I don't see what the problem is?
It would be smarter for you to be patient atp and wait for a pullback to the next support level and buy itm/ntm at that price and given that it bounces back up then exercise your calls when your calls have intrinsic value meaning the stock price is above your total breakeven cost bc even if you buy the above next week you need the stock price to keep moving above $64 to start realizing gains which you have to then ask how much more near term upside is there without a pullback after the recent bounce from $42 to almost $59???
When they eventually do get to you too and they assign your new roomie, say hi to Jack "Ali" Baba for us.  Stay safe, u/Rain_is_blue.
with stonks trading 15 years in the future i don't think it matters, hype placed right or wrong is hype for now
420.69
Exactly.. that’s why I took my gains and joined steel gang. Please don’t downvote me.
Your autism is showing just a tad little buddy, my sarcasm flew right through your widows peak.
You do realise that without software to manage it all, the indestry and green energy is useless right?
Cause Sony is an ass hole
if that is true, aapl wont be happy it continues to leak from the source... they want to be in control of the communications and the narrative.
it could go down a shit ton more to punish a crowded & obvious play, and i'm already over-invested

yes
BA will gap down 5%, WSB will buy puts at open and immediately get destroyed
How do you do these calculations btw? I have a family member that had 120k or so of GOOG back near IPO and sold it all little by little up until 07 I think. I've always wondered what that would be today
Alexa, play Halogen - U Got That
This is jack mas double - big dick feng . At jacks funeral
There's dozens of us!
Ah, the Boy Scout days.

“Good times” is what I have to say.
At what point is it just reality
This the way
I’m in it long term, but I see it being a 50 dollar stock in a year or two. Gonna hold shares and wish I’d bought more. 

Been selling 25p for awhile for easy premium too
Best thing being in England, pre market opens 9am 😎
Eh, I don’t think *I’m* ugly, so generally anyone as or more attractive than me works
B u l l I s h
Nice 😎 thanks
F\*\*\*\*\*\* is better than ducking
BOIS! Our calls are saved!
Lol why are ps4 pros going for like $600-$800 now????
Deep dicking.
Riding the wave is alot easier than trying to time it.
But that's a matter of luck isn't it? The option probably had a delta of 0.01 or something and there's like a 1:1 000 000  chance it'll happen again, wouldn't it?

Like right now you stand to lose 50k, and maybe gain another 20k. If you cashed out 25k or something, you'd have that locked in and could still gamble with the remaining 25k and still cap another 10k.

[There was a meteoric rise](https://i.imgur.com/HB0TChr.png) the last few days, what are the chances it keeps going up, versus all the other people less ballsy cashing out come monday? The price fell 3 dollars at one point, wouldn't it keep falling?

total disclaimer i have never turned a profit doing this so this is just me speculating
Twitter wasn't even a presidential tool before him.

There is also Mnuching, Ludlow, Ross that could all make the announcement or NSC, etc.

Just because he can't use twitter or Facebook doesn't mean he can't cause anarchy.
When everyone says there is a bubble, there isn’t a bubble. And no I’m not joking
Holy crap I just read that article and was like wtf... 

I just posted this to counteract that post lol [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuj8fj/stop\_pumping\_nio\_china\_has\_never\_successfully/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kuj8fj/stop_pumping_nio_china_has_never_successfully/)
They don’t need the American market
Has there been any talk of GME doing a monthy/yearly subscription service that gives you access to games/services?
I thought TSLA was a cult but NIO is a real big boy cult. Almost feels like an MLM or something.
Wait until these are up 1000% and roll them into a new date!
How much would you pay for Cathie’s onlyfans?
Lemonade just had a lockup end and a bunch of the material shareholders sold yet the stock went up big bc of some dumb motley fool article. Gotta be careful with this lockup period shit. I had the same thought and got burned
No problem just don’t paper hands. Believe in your DD and the might of your pp.
Anyone buying the gold and silver dip?
[removed]
Chu toro, followed by Kimedai and sea perch
Did they say alien ufo or just random flying object that they cannot identify because its probably a stealth fighter or something?
I'm a wsb Member, do you really have to ask?
I feel like we wouldn't care about the propaganda as long as shit moons.
I mean, we could simply ask him to say something bad about the CCP couldn't we?
Snowing like a motherfucker in Dallas right now. 

Puts on Dallas drivers for today
If y’all are really waiting and excited for futures you’ve learned nothing
What plane?
Is it on YouTube
he also talked about taking Tesla private and Catgirls so
exactly. i completely left out the whole solar side of the business. it's sunday and i'm tired. and yes. Elon has mentioned they might develop an integrated hvac system that will know when you're coming home because it will talk to your Tesla and it'll cool or warm the house instead of keeping it at a set temp the entire day.
Oops
Im your fat son.  Gimme money, dad.
Gains?
10.5 million total shares loading like crazy.
in 12,5 hours i will tell you how it performs on german market open
Dude Hyundai is very cool and they bought Boston dynamics recently which everyone seems to be forgetting. Korean companies are unreal, especially in this space
You son of a bitch I'm in
I didn't say 'will never' I said 'have never'
ty kind sir. good luck to you
Explain Best Buy. It is thriving as a B&M business. Why don’t people buy all their electronics on Amazon?
> Im not racist, I just don't see the autism or retard in him 

Thank you for reminding everyone of the wholesomeness of this community. Racists and Xenophobes not welcome, retards and autist please queue up.
Probably you are going to see more red than in a ww2 field
💎🙌 gang!
It’s ARKGs 10th or 11th largest holding now. She’s bought millions of shares in the past two weeks
This should be at the top. I was skeptical to believe this reaction post, but if he's presenting no new information then he's just trying to pump or build credibility.

If he genuinely wants to share information, he should reference his source instead of passing it off as his own knowledge.
It’s called modern monetary theory. Government doesn’t need to operate the same as a household. Never going to be Venezuela
I upvote because of E-Trade.
You're a genius.
Do you know how big it’ll be when China goes full ev? Guess who will be selling those cars
He’s talking about 2022, exact same VALE call as I am holding, which has +100% over the week. When would be a good time to roll these out since they have so much time left? 3/6/9 mo?
[deleted]
Bubbles don't have to pop. They could simply create an even bigger bubble around them so if those smaller ones pop, the bigger one will catch the market and continue pushing it up and an even bigger one is created around that one and so on. 

We're not going down until the dinosaurs in charge right now are dead and don't have to deal with the consequences. Another 25 years of stonks goes up.
yea definitely going to invest actually, its just like solar and other more expensive etfs like PBW, they have no chart even going back 5 years, (some have short spikes that are most likely hype moments that werent practical at the time) and now you see some of them mooning hard. So it can be that icln is going to be mooning soon with its difference in holdings compared to pbw
[deleted]
I personally hope China is consumed in nuclear fire.
>at some point it's going to reach it's plateau

You really are retarded, aren't you?
BA weekly puts will print HARD this week. 
RIP to the lives lost on that plane 😭
The bubble IS clean energy
i'm not saying it will happen, but this isn't 1970 or 1990 anymore, never say never
Ouch...
And when it nears 1,000 and Elon announces a second split just try and remember to be less gay next time
All I know is come Monday, there is some solid cheddar to be made idgaf
Buy NCINO first thing at $72 and sell when it drops to $30! Got it.
Imagine if someone on here shorts Tesla at the perfect moment, they get mentioned everywhere and it ends up being a picture of u/controlthenarrative lmfao
If they take Starlink public, i will legit liquidate my 401k and go all in.
The correct mindset is: congrats everyone!! I’m so happy for you. I’ll join you next week!
lol
Adding 1$ to the IRS budget returns something like 3$ in tax revenue for those exact reasons you listed.
The market is forward looking. In the market’s eye, Biden is president already
You're not considering (or haven't heard) that Cohen has been gunning to compete with Amazon for years, and was quoted saying Amazon has service gaps that can be capitalized on. His plans for GME include changing how it competes online, while closing unprofitable brick and mortar locations. GME is already starting to partner with MSFT on various package deals.

GME was a brick and mortar, but it's pivoting fast and being supported by a new console cycle and a savvy tech billionaire.
That's why he looks like a mixed with Asian genes.
Hyundai and KIA combined are #7 of new registered Cars in 2020 for Germany: https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/167008/umfrage/neuzulassungen-von-pkw-nach-marken-in-deutschland/
A big surprise
TESLA LEAP puts is a smart play; but its the same case as with airlines back in March/April/May, the opportunity cost means your money is tied up in something that may not pay off for a while. Better to buy as it starts going down and follow the trend
A post begging for tips is not providing value to the community.
When a Chinese retard autist says buy I buy.
hahaha
For some of us it’s not even the first time we’ve lost everything and made it back
Hyundai and KIA combined are #7 of new registered Cars in 2020 for Germany: https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/167008/umfrage/neuzulassungen-von-pkw-nach-marken-in-deutschland/
Great post OP. A lot of foreign critics and even Nio investors have no idea what kind of market Nio is in or how good their service is. Just wanted to expand on the service point which is super underrated.

When Nio first started out, They would pay for your trip to their events regardless if you buy their cars or not. When there wasnt enough charging or swapping station, william li made sure your weekend driving or long business driving was covered and send charging van along the way to meet you and charge your vehicles. That is going the extra mile. The first few owners that collect their cars from Nio were all greeted by William Li, the ceo has been there listening to their customers since day one. The community and respect for their customer is why Nio customers are so loyal and the referral is so high.

The other thing that isnt talk about much, their e-commerce side of Nio products is expanding and attracting a lot of consumers outside of their car customer. This is something to watch because Nio is about lifestyle. I wont be surprised they eventually build their e-commerce out to become a large platform itself.

Also, their loyalty program. They never left out their first batch of guinea pig customers. On top of the possibility of upgrading your car's battery for longer distance for the older es 8 version that is no longer in production, you get more discount to buy the new et7. (10000 instead of other nio car owner's 7000) and also more credit points. The older customers are just blown away by how much Nio is still remembering them and at this point they really dont expect anything. You also get the special badge in your account as recognition, etc etc all these little things add up to a huge amazing experience. That is quality service.
$DM is 3X bagger, following for other replies
[deleted]
Short it
LEAPS on Nio my freind, however that’s just imo
lolz
[deleted]
Headlights are all slant eye like Asian people calls on that
Love the story of GME, but at this point.. y'all gotta start thinking bout opportunity cost...
Proof or ban
LOL expiring worthless
1.69 a contract. Bought on Friday and it finished the day at 1.885. Going to hold it for as long as it takes TSLA to crash(which probably won’t be long now). Expecting at least a ten bagger
No love for Hexoooooooo
!Remindme 5 years
That concept is what gets me. Who the fuck wants to spend time in a place with strangers just because you bought the same brand of car? the fuck are you suppose to do in it, stroke each other out while talking about NIO batteries? At that point it's just a hobby club, that brings no extra value what so ever, cause pretty much every car brand has their own fanatics clubs.
My dude...  if you pull out and throw that into TSLA, you'll have $60k by EOY.
I dunno. If there was ever a time they could come out and say 'Aliens are here' and have no one actually care, this is it.
Godspeed retard
[deleted]
No more honey for winnie the pooh!
**[Cognitive dissonance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive dissonance)**

In the field of psychology, cognitive dissonance occurs when a person holds contradictory beliefs, ideas, or values, and is typically experienced as psychological stress when they participate in an action that goes against one or more of them. According to this theory, when two actions or ideas are not psychologically consistent with each other, people do all in their power to change them until they become consistent. The discomfort is triggered by the person's belief clashing with new information perceived, wherein they try to find a way to resolve the contradiction to reduce their discomfort.In A Theory of Cognitive Dissonance (1957), Leon Festinger proposed that human beings strive for internal psychological consistency to function mentally in the real world. A person who experiences internal inconsistency tends to become psychologically uncomfortable and is motivated to reduce the cognitive dissonance.

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
yupppp what we looking at? im thinking 2023 leaps
You told me before that the Coke had no pee-pee in it too though.
Actually he sells a lot of merchandise as well.
Tell that to the housing market.
If you're ever around go to sa sa sushi in Dallas. They routinely serve the best mackarel I've ever had, and is probably overall my favorite sushi restaurant.
Indeed 😂
It's the 🌈 Nazi mods marking autists like the Jews
The tragedy of the bears. As soon as they can no longer take it and begrudgingly switch to calls with their last meagle amount of BP to recoup all of the loss, the market will probably will correct lol
If a bubble were to pop, where would you park your money? My bet is clean energy like ICLN 😗
Fax this man thinks if the sale doesn’t happen in America it doesn’t count
Thanks. Not gonna throw 50k at it lol, but might play a couple options.
You would save like 420k in taxes if you wait until 6/4...
PSTH opens 33
Why the fuck would the ccp want to infiltrate a kindergarten also known as wsb
It doesn't need to sell well in the US for it to be profitable. I'm bullish on both
even if that were true (big if) gamestop has no benefit over amazon or any other online retailer.  brick + mortar is dead.   people said the same shit too when streaming movies came out "lol the selection can't compare to my hollywood video!" "what if i want to own the movie?!" "the quality can't match an actual disc!"
I got banned for making an objectively good joke. Not my best but like a solid 6/10. I learned my lesson tho; if I’m gonna shoot my shot, it’s gonna have to be at least 8/10 cuz bans are not that fun and it wasn’t worth it.
NIO’s new marketing team
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-10/elon-musk-s-starlink-broadband-terminals-gets-approval-in-u-k](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-10/elon-musk-s-starlink-broadband-terminals-gets-approval-in-u-k)   YUMMMMMMMM
What does that mean father  🥺🍿
Fidelity
Zillow? Okay calls on xhb.
Untrue, the DOJ admitted UFOs exist in December 2017, nobody cared at the time because Trump said something weird. Google the NYT article. Or WaPo. Or fox news or whatever your confirmation bias of choice.
Transfer to shares
Has she been loading up on TAK?
you won't know til after it's popped that's the whole point dummy

the nice thing is that they don't pop in a day
good thing [Cognitive Dissonance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_dissonance) exists
thank you

the fuck am i doing with my life
Hertz, lumber liquidators, nikola, virgin galactic, palantir, gamestop, almost every DD here, and now you draw the line?

You plain stupid dude
I bought 01/15 calls at Fridays close
Nothing happens in 4 hours. If you meant futures, that’s 5 hours, retard.
I’m selling in the money leaps around the time we hit 65 and buy them back a few days later. Nio will hit 70 by March but I expect a pullback by Jan 21. I was expecting 55 on Friday now it looks like we’re gonna open at 62-65. Market Makers will probably take profits Monday morning unless volume kills resistance. Can’t wait for Monday 🚀🚀🚀 PLTR c25 1/21 🚀🚀🚀 Also MT & CMC Leaps
Sir, this the back of a Wendy’s. On yer knees...
pretty sure if i went to 250 (which is impossible), I could retire a millionaire with my puts 😂
Pshhhh I’m waiting for the Apple car pro
[deleted]
Hold the line?
Can I buy puts on CCP?
Gd I wish I had more capital
Behind the times and shunned by most people? Sounds about right xD
Entirely possible it's just a retard who loves nio AND the doctrine of mao zedong? Well, it is possible, but I doubt the "entirely"
Oh man! Never doubt your vibe. You know what's best for you. He doesn't know your risk tolerance.
Titans ML
Good thing thats not happening in 2021 haha
IV crush kills some of those gains tho my guy
Alright I’m going in on Tesla for the first time in my life. Never touched this stock ever but I will be buying a July 2021 $346 put. This shit reeks of late 2017 cwypto frenzy.
Just lol at equating those two things you smooth brained donkey
Setting my alarm to 5am to see what TSLA is at in Pre Market tomorrow. The road to 1K part 2 is among us boys. Hold onto your weeklies
Yep.
Boeing 737 crashes DAMNNN
China EV market>US EV market (at least in short term)
I appreciate that
You must be new here
I need that X Holdings conglomerate of SpaceX, Neural Link, Tesla, Boring Company, Starlink, and MarsX
it's ok you can make those Tesla gains very very soon. Even specifically on the TSLA stock

It's very important however than on Robbing Hood you click the "Put" button next to the one that says call. These increase in value when the stock goes down.
Do it
No but if TAK hits $30 in two months I will
Sept 170p 

Jan 130p 

Facebook
Regardless of good NIO DD and "CCPbots" or whatever lol and potential retard strength come open, what matters most is the big money block orders and how the funds perceived Nio Day (incl. the ET7 and new autonomous platform, 150kWh solid state battery, new swap stations and accelerated rollout plans)...how will this change their future outlook for the company?...is Nio better off or worse off now relative to the competition?  Also, how will sell side analysts react?  Will they be impressed?  Could there be more upgrade and higher price targets?

Seems like the press loved it....Barrons headline read "Nio Day a Blockbuster"....that's a good sign.  

Lets see what happens tomorrow AM
News flash: there are people outside of the  USA that buy cars.
will baba fly again?
Yea confirmed, I reached the same conclusion by multiplying the market cap of NIO to match half of TSLA, it comes out to exactly $240 a share. Rocket to Pluto
you also could've bought back in any fucking time between may and now
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I'm all in on ICLN calls PSTH calls and GIK calls!!! Let's go
I actually wouldn’t be surprised if this is an elaborate plan by China to pump up their own stocks to get rich
[deleted]
Good bot
I get what you're saying but I don't think this is a sinking ship just yet. See how this week goes, but keep in mind Daddy Cohen is in it for the long haul too.

Also fuck Melvin 🖕
[removed]
I hear you. It’s just so blatant, so obvious that it’s insulting. I think they are so clumsy because they are used to dealing with their own people, who have the Great Firewall to contend with and markedly limited access to competing information.

And there’s an economic incentive to do this. The VIE structure means foreigners can pump money into China and Chinese SOEs without obtaining any benefits of ownership. All the CCP has to do is declare a given VIE structure null and void, and poof—you’re out your money with no recourse or remedy, the CCP now has it.
As a nerd ass software developer, fuck you retard.
That's what I love about this place. Isn't it good to get multiple perspectives?
only a 2 day weekend 🥺😍holy shit boys it’s really monday tomorrow!!!!!
Posting before delete because mods don’t like when you call out FDS for being a cult
Hey all I did was joke about pumping a small cap
All I know is warm up your printers.
Just in response to the zero EV public transportation bullet, I'll just drop this here. Lightning e-Motors is a company already producing zero emission class 7 buses going pubic via reverse merger sometime in Q1:

[https://lightningemotors.com/investors/](https://lightningemotors.com/investors/)
This is the way
Be honest have u ever rubbed one out to Cathie
a week ago it was mentioned the most here, and suddenly now everyone doesn't know this rule :(
Yeah ok. Reagan made a career shit-talking communists because he actually wanted to be one?

Trump is a far cry from Reagan. Dude is a low iq narcissist who got steamrolled by both parties in DC and ended up accomplishing nothing but fanning the flames of a crazy conspiracy theory movement.
Sucks that I cant afford the shit :-/
Gonna make other EVs go up lol
As an econ PhD, your professor knows shit. My colleagues don't even know how to do their taxes.
4 hours
Your idea is why I wanted to see Tesla bid and win the USPS electrification project.

Gives them an instant brick and mortar space for charging stations nation wide, along with making each Post Office a micro grid storage bank.  Helps add to the USPS revenue stream.

Edit: let’s not forget that it would mean all USPS tricks are recording and sending telemetry data back for ML analysis.  It’s also likely their telemetry data could be more verbose and data dense since the truck goes back to the PO every night to get charged and can then upload a bigger data package via fiber (vs cell)
My cars have none of the above, it’s almost like when something goes wrong on a Tesla it’s the end of the world but when Porsches have the same bumper issue it’s business as usual.  Could that noise be because the car is completely fucking silent instead of the chugging engine noises that usually cover it up?  Nah, that’s make too much sense.

Consumer reports counts a rim ding the same as a faulty transmission, so yeah, that’s totally reliable.  Toyota and Honda knowingly sold cars that had faulty acceleration and paid billions in fines.  

Ford?  Your saying FORD is better quality? That alone tells me you have zero exposure to either company.

But yeah, keep TESLQing.  I’ll keep my 50k I’ve made in the last 8 days alone.
I doubt it. Too much hype around EV and stupid stock noobs just getting into investing will pour their stimulus money hoping to get rich. We are at the top once the printer stops printing aka March
Thats what you get when you order Tesla on alibaba
You would buy the game from GameStop and resell it on Craigslist for more value...
Calls on GM
Boomers are the #1 reason stocks ever dip. When boomers die out stonks will just go up forever
> no 100% EV.

Does it exist? No, seriously, does it exist today to be bought at a dealership?  Because I can't find anything on it except announcements.

If you like $300 oil changes and a reliability that was just higher than GM, you go wild. There's always someone who likes to eat dog food from the bag.
bullish
Thing could absolutely go back to 750/60s I'd be a buyer then. Looking at it now, just no way. I'd even buy after a split.  I've never had a good time buying on a chart like this
Did you do that without help from family?
Presentation on Tuesday and merger meeting on the 20th. You ain’t seeing below 13 ever again
Overdraw it -350 mor bringing you to allowable -500 and buy calls thank me later
“ It’s a BuBbLE” retards really want to go against Powell 🖨🖨💵💵
I've never let calls or puts convert into actual shares before. When this happens, are gains realized or do they switch over to the shares?
Thanks for sharing the link and option.
It's gonna be Thursday when Buyden announces the $3t is actually a tax rather than a stimulus.
> I'm European


Stopped reading there. No one cares
I think It matters on the world stage because we have just told our enemy’s that 100 armed people dressed up as rednecks could have killed most of our federal government. That’s crazy, hell even one guy with a big enough bomb that day. That’s a scary thought and giving our enemy’s great ideas for when they need them. It 100% matters. Other nations won’t see us as even capable at best or inept at worst and maybe lean toward China. Think of the big picture on what this means. This is a massive world event I think bigger then the general public understands. I’m glad you responded though. Thanks.
ATTENTION

bear is fuk 

that is all
F
how long do you think it gonna pop?
[deleted]
Can you mention CCP and Pooh Bear? I don’t really see that addressed in the article
Free Jack Ma!! 

Stop falling for this Chinese shit.
[removed]
If you buy otm weekly calls tomorrow say $60c (stock is at $58.92 right now) the stock needs go itm ($60) plus your call option cost ($3.80), so the stock price needs to be at $63.80+ for you to be at breakeven when you exercise so you need an 8% plus move
Fuck it I’m putting my stupid sized inheritance into ICLN
Right that makes sense. I guess I'm interested in that 1k to become a millionaire play. Just wondering if leaps would do that or if I'd need to be in monthlies or even weeklies for that to work out. I know its a greedy move but what can I say I'm a greedy guy.
Hmm.. Maybe I will. think I'll go for the 150 or 200 strike though. Below 100 it will be hard to get more upside.
Nah that’s discipline. You good
TSM is the best stock
As a man who likes anal I will pipe her butt no problemo
What else?  Fucken TSLA..  Maybe PLUG.
It's been going on forever
elon has previously talked about taking the starlink business public  not necessarily all of spacex
Jesus christ this is some racist shit. Were you at the Capitol raid too?
The name is cancer, seriously should have rebranded 5 years ago.
the first reputable support level is 820, then 757 (9 EMA), and then 686 (20 MA, strongest of them all). You would be suprised at how quick some retards are to panic sell.
if yoo really believe in that, just go wil call/put spread, there is a chance to profit on small dips
This sub has been a sinking ship and wouldn’t be surprised if ccp had already taken over. Usually when we notice it’s too late
........ 21 years later, retard. And no, they don't sell every book. They would have to have sold *every book in the world in 1999*, literally, to be worth their market cap.
NVIDIA has been working on self driving car tech for a while. They partner with many car companies, but not installed on every car. The NVIDIA units are expensive from what I understand. Hard to say what self-driving technologies will become standard in the future.

https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/self-driving-cars/partners/
Like 20 hours and we can feed our addiction woo
[deleted]
what about my 2023 puts

what about the ones I buy when the reversal has started
[removed]
Ah yes. WSB... *after dark*
[removed]
我要一个红豆沙包
WTF is this. Does reuters not provide strikes and dates?
everyone is talking about that Chinese autist
Care to share what that cost you?
Following a Reddit which name is "gen"+ the name of the father of CCP's regime is very telling
Hold. Multi trillion stimulus being announced Thursday that means dollar will stood become 1 Zimbabwean. Meaning money will move from banks to shit-pto. You’re good
I dont even own any ark, but i still watch all her videos. Shes so knowledgeable
If the only risk of Chinese stocks is delisting...I would sell blood to buy Chinese stocks.  Trust me Wall Street too strong in the uS to let that happen.
Did this play work out on that pop for you?
I'm working in TX so it's 8:30-3 for me
It’s where all of the most awesome degenerates go.
Now you know how finance professionals would feel about you
I missed out on 1500% gains from Tesla last week I won’t let it happen again lol. 1000C 1/15 it is
Just watch AAPL and play for earnings...get some 01/29 calls, easy money
Vasectomy.

You just have to show your balls to the doc
The time-value of money has ceased to exist.
What if we find out the reason stonks keep going up is that boomers kicked the bucket due to corona and couldn't sell anymore?
The Phillip Fry in me is narrowing his eyes and thinking "notccpbot is exactly the type of name a ccp bot would pick" and then buy 1000 shares at open
"I want a red bean paste bun."
I think the commas after the numbers are a big giveaway.  But everything was well written and informative.  A solid 7/5.
this gave me a hearty laugh.
[removed]
*imagine not buying Starlink under $3000 a share*
No one wants to hold the dying dollar except poor people.
If Trump was the President we would be kicking the bucket wonder what the fuck to buy.
I don’t think it’ll dip, I just wonder if it’ll trade sideways
Elon is white: he can’t be from Africa.
? it's where it was on Thursday.
No, it's like a roach motel for my money (it goes in but it don't come out)
April 155c up 140% even after Friday.
The way this guys uses the words autist and fuck really show that he's very serious and we all need to respect him.
[deleted]
cu they're censoring our words
The market can stay in a bubble longer than you can hold your puts 🌈🧸
Nah he canceled bruh
I’m not really into anal but if Cathie likes it I’ll do it for her
Is it a tech company or social app? Seems like their direction is all over the place, this post makes me want to buy puts
Dude, look at a calendar. January. January Effect. Watch the Short plays this month.
Wut is that?
I want a NIO house in NYC by 2022
starlink is a part of spacex. doesn't seem like spacex would be hurting for cash, what with it being free now and for the foreseeable future.

only reason spacex would go public now is if Elong feels like becoming a Trillionaire early...
That was your decision guy. My econ professor tried to get me in on a MLM so I made him buy a gym membership from me lol
1130
Not good, too bullish

Need to see more bears reeeee’ing prior to their death
Thanks a lot mate!
Buy shares
Voice to text does it automatically. I'm pretty lazy and can't spell vary well
Buying calls is the gambling version of just buying the same stock
They’re on track with the whole vertical integration. It’s when they start buying out the competitors is when we need to be worried about a monopoly
Calls on sodium but puts on cholesterol
3/19 I believe
Yo that's it? Lame dip
I promise i will try my best!
I'd hate to say this, but soon it will only be filled with 🌈🐻's when tesla temporarily pops.

That's why I'm going all in, so it doesn't pop 💯
Depressingly true I'm sure alot of us on here have similar circumstances, don't make mad money and live with our parents but want a better life so investing or options is the answer. 

Where I'm from everyone's a wage slave, have zero savings and spend money they don't really have on trivial shit.
can I get my diploma
ARKG best G
Save this comment for when the Bears shithouse the Saints.

Trap game.
Lol a multi trillion stimulus is getting announced Thursday. This week is all green my guy. But good luck if you think it will dip prior to a stimulus being announced. 🙃
Ill buy on monday if someone tells me to
So Amazon can sell the same book for less.

Tesla can sell a better car for less. It's an even better proposition.

Range. Charge time. Features. Updates. Price.
Buying calls is the gambling version of just buying the same stock
The top holdings in it are gold. MELI,SQ,PYPL,DOCU are all huge.
I have no idea. I'm currently waiting for my application with them to get approved.
Do your jobs mods, wsb used to downvote every chinese tickers, history is on our side we can’t trust chinese ADRs, this shit is not audited properly
[removed]
[deleted]
I'm not European, but go nuts. Keep pretending that there hasn't been a concentrated 40-year (at least) effort to gut public education in the USA to ensure that voters are pig-stupid enough to keep voting for people who oppress them. 🤷‍♂️
Any recommendations on which platform i should use for my boring dividend hold long account? Will keep Robinhood as my fun options account.
Do you guys think big tech banning trump is a big nothing burger or will the market react in some way. I personally think it is a big nothing burger
[removed]
It means you were put in WSB internment camp.
Yes yellowtail is great but i love the extra fishiness that spanish mackarel has. Many places often dont have it which makes me sad
**[Deng Xiaoping Theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deng Xiaoping Theory)**

Deng Xiaoping Theory (simplified Chinese: 邓小平理论; traditional Chinese: 鄧小平理論; pinyin: Dèng Xiǎopíng Lǐlùn) or Dengism is the series of political and economic ideologies first developed by Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping. The theory does not claim to reject Marxism–Leninism or Maoism but instead seeks to adapt them to the existing socio-economic conditions of China.Deng also stressed opening China to the outside world, the implementation of one country, two systems, and through the phrase "seek truth from facts", an advocation of political and economic pragmatism.  

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
Bought at 13.80, sold at 26. Pulled profits end of day friday, waiting for pullback to end for re-entry.
I'm new to this sub but I lost $15,000 in November so worry not. For every person that graduates out of the sub there are two morons waiting to replace them.
We have to have open borders because if not then that’s like banning women and US domestic minorities from the workforce 🙄
Who cares?  NIO aren’t even on the same level as Tesla volume wise.

Tesla did 500k worldwide in 2020.  Expected to do 1million in 2021...

NIO will be lucky to produce 200k in 2021.

Still a good buy though as they are taking the “model RC car” approach to building a vehicle with universal battery size/spec/build, which makes it easy for other companies in China to use it if they want.  Think buying an RC car frame, and putting in a different company motor and then building a custom shell for the frame.
What do you think of TSM? I bought the dip and the afterhours seems strong.
Or your broker's margin call
They will come out closer to futures tonight don't worry
It's people's hellacaust tattoos for talking about politics when not allowed. They got bant
Wrong mind set
Stop...I can only get so erect
Fucked hard
They went to prison and now they’re free men. Some are repeat offenders though
I don’t exp til March.  Idk wtf I’m doing I admit
Bru buy a leaps with your 500-1k and forget about it.

Then sell some of the shit you don't use to finance your FDs
Thanks man. I wrote this down. To the moon till then!
Infrastructure:

STEEL;

MT
CLF
CMC
STLD
SCHN
X

ETF:
PAVE
IFRA
For all the shit chatted in here about the future and boomers clinging to archaic bullshit you’re telling me that GME’s moat is the ability to offer sometimes literally 16% of a game’s value back to the consumer on an already almost obsolete medium in a hard copy?

So to address your question, yeah, maybe I lose 10 bucks on my digital download. But it pales in comparison to what you’re gonna lose investing in this polished turd of a company. Enjoy.
[deleted]
Removed because of one or both of the following:

 - No penny stocks (OTC)
 - Small market cap < 1 billion USD 

Take it to r/pennystocks or r/Spacs
It is a self-described Dengist subreddit. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deng_Xiaoping_Theory
1.9k to 9k

No weeklies
The date they became a teslanaire
Tops..?  Ya keep waiting for that drop..  Next thing ya know it will be 2k and splitting again..  Then again who the fuck knows what it will do..
Sounds AMAZING.
Got ‘EM
I personally think they don’t want to stifle BABAs or JD or pindoudos growth if they want to overtake America as the #1 economy which is a sure thing they want to accomplish. Alibaba didn’t get to where it is at without political ties
*2001: An Autistic Odyssey*
I’m trimming some positions (may add more VALE though) and buying some UVXY
How old is Cathie?  She must be at least 60 but looks 40
this confirms my biases so I agree
He exposed himself to Wes Moore
Idk if I Wana get at open, or wait till calls are cheaper on Wednesday
I’m thinkin the same, b’more seems to hit a wall in the playoffs
They allow 6 swaps a month, if the average user swaps only twice it drops to 2.2% spare batteries, drop the charge time and its even less. Its actually not that bad considering I was thinking it might be 100% extra before I started thinking.

I agree that NIO's model is a great deal for consumers, protecting them from depreciation. The company though will be left looking at the massive amount of batteries they are renting out that are being massively outperformed by the next generation. This is a "what if" scenario though, its not a guarantee there will be a huge breakthrough.

Resolution isn't tied to megapixels, you can have a 2MP camera that captures in 1080p, megapixels are mostly relevant for printing photos.

Sign detection is solved, speed limits are done with GPS nowadays, Google Maps can tell you the speed limit of the road you are on.

VWs ID3 is really good and Tesla aren't competing in that price category in Europe yet, you could be right. I'm going to go Tesla, NIO, VW but theres a chance someone like Xpeng/Apple could come out of the blue.
Literally everyone is aware. Pretty scary. It’s like a game of musical chairs but you get stuck holding an empty bag
[deleted]
Good for China?  Go run this ad on a Chinese site then.
Why did you fucking edit and fucking censor yourself 

Fucking fuck
Uhh.. I guess I should probably get out of my Theranos investment... might not have picked the right one.
I am new to holding TSLA calls over the weekend. It’s a little stressful.
Aight I was more or less away for a few months, now I come back and see soooo many users with flair like 20076:15:1. wtf does this mean???
yes
Weeklies rn I have inauguration expirations
[deleted]
Making 46 day trades In a period
1) no 100% EV. Learn to google
2) I own a Mercedes. I will only ever one Mercedes. They last longer than any other brand, drive better, have better interior, and don’t depreciate in value very quickly. They also look nice and I love the sports modes. Oh, and I got it for less than a Tesla.
Do you constantly transfer some of your gains back to your savings or just keep buying leaps ?
girls can't cum, all men know
No mention of Qualcomm providing the processors for Nio? Huh...
There's a **HUGE** sale on rope this weekend. They're all waiting in a very long line.
I made a long winded post and sounded like a dumbass to make this same point, should have been as succinct and eloquent as you.
Boy oh boy have I got a deal for you.
Thats like the number one thing the CCP likes to do, 

"fear mongering" and "racists against Chinese people" are tell tale CCP bot phrase/arguments they use.
Ok I got it. OP is an attention whore and trying to farm karma off other’s popular post. I used to lurk wsb years before starting to comment since recent months.
No, but i can
why not buy in Lithium instead like LIT or LTHM? Required to make EV batteries
6/9/2420
1K
tuition isn't due until next tuesday
Long hold man, a lot of these EV plays are looking forwards several years 

Although if you want to gamble, I think there's a Jan. 13th?? presentation for GOEV, I'd look into that and maybe play monthlies? IDK, electric vehicle shit is mostly speculation 

For short term plays, you'd need to focus on companies that already produce revenue and have proven themselves to be solid investments. I'd suggest NIO or TSLA, etc.

GOEV is the type of shit that would tank hardcore if Hyundai pulled out or if they delayed forwards looking projections
Unity $U where my homegirls at?
Nothing better than chilling some fresh caught yellowtail in a bowl with lime juice and soy sauce.  Eat that shit on Ritz crackers.  Don’t knock it
Don’t buy Chinese stock period.
Taiwan 🇹🇼 Number One!
Haha. All of Reddit is one giant monoculture. Groupthink at its finest. Heretics are banned and mocked. Good comrades all.
Few weeks after people get 2k stimulus checks IF they come
Kinda unrelated but Tinder has loads of hot Chinese women that show up in your area, will message you first, then say they work near you but home in China for now. The one thing they all want to talk about? Tech stocks. They are all models that do investing on the side
Was something announced just now or are you talking about how stocks shoot up after she announces she bought them?
That’s not the idea at all pal, but thanks for stopping by
There’s money to be made both ways. If you retards think it’s a fraud then put your money where your mouth is and short the stock. Instead of posting shit about some dude doing DD, post your fucking short positions to show your point. If the DD is legit then who gives a fuck if it’s written by CCP or Trump.
Never listen to boomers
This is why I don't think China should be able to invest in our countries. We cant invest in their, they shouldnt be able to invest in ours.
Show me source. Democrats love war just as much as repubs
[deleted]
I hope
Huh? None of what you said is unique to digital. Physical discs also drop in value as time passes. And physical games do stay with you forever. But that is a con, not a pro. You should be able to choose if you want to resell the game or give it away. With digital, you are stuck with it forever, even after you have earned the platinum trophy and there is nothing else to do. 

Physical is not going anywhere. People are trying to ignore it, but it exists right now as an untapped market. Can GME do something with it? I guess we will find out.
Sure would be cool if AAPL dipped tomorrow so I could get back in calls for ER
[deleted]
Man if it hits you fuckin' deserve it. Let it rip one more entire week pls
Buy NIO puts then?  Got it!
Assets are better than cash when the printer don't stop
 Nice! Lol I bought 300 shares and was selling calls and buying more shares with the contract profits earned... sold $37 strikes 1/8 and missed out on so many fucking tendies. I think I’m gonna just buy and hold for a bit.
My TSLA 1/21/22 100p are going to make me a buttload of money when TSLA crashes. Seriously go take a look at the price chart of that option over the past year. It’s going to x10 on even a normal size correction. That’s all I have to say folks. Have a great rest of your Sunday and see you at open!
Just read up on it, interesting thought experiment... but who’s to say there aren’t two Great Filters? One in the step before us (which would explain, in a situation which we are the only ones, why we are the only ones) but also one that is after where we are, which would prevent us from expansion outside of the solar system
I had it for awhile and it didn’t grow at the same rate but I think it will in the future
Wahoo the king of sashimi
Dude, come on! It’s *obviously* the Russians!
No other investor should influence your portfolio, but you. 😤
This might have different implications though because usually stocks get delisted when they are really unprofitable, there’s lots of fraud, etc, and have very little in the way of potential to have real value. In this case it would be political rather than financial.
Dip? It’s up 15% this week
The day the Fed raises rates
I'm about to short this man's arteries
What you mean bro? We are just being patriots. Did you see how patriotic we were when we stormed the capitol?

/s
Mad racist, kiddo.
Expiration date?
[deleted]
Up 107% in a month, I think it'll be fine
hey bro, have you seen any updates on SPNG being traded yet? cheers
I’ve mentioned the weakening dollar in previous posts and how it impacts commodity prices worldwide.
I’m a bull, but probably going to close most of my options Monday. Not saying the bubble is bursting that soon, but since everyone is now aware we are in a bubble, the top must be close.
So when you say 225 is that what you think the price will hit?
Who cares either way fuck China
Everyone's TESLA gains is making me sad 😢
He has abdicated the throne to fight windmills.
###Bears suspiciously in the minority of comments this weekend.


Fucking run.
[deleted]
Xi get off reddit and help your people
Found one
Excuse me i am new here but if he pays 28$ per call in 19 contracts and each contract is 100 stocks then it's not really 500$ right ?
He had to pay atleast 28 * 19 * 100 = 53.2k $ ? I might be dead wrong but i just don't get how could you possibly get 19 contracts that cheap
Everyone announcing frantically that we are in a bubble, can you make yourselves useful and tell us the day it’s gonna pop?
Let's take hard earned money, put it in a pile of money from other people to use as they wish. Then let's get a bunch of other people to pile in there. Then let's have a spending frenzy. Yeah - less dyue ehhht
Woke up today feeling like it was time to titan tf up
You better satisfy her
Did the plug rip you off?
no fucking shit, poor people are just trying to behave the same as rich people who aren't living paycheck to paycheck  


this ends in tears. might take another 10 years though.
Which is awesome but the whole government can just disappear key people or nationalize the company tomorrow is a hell of a risk
Maybe it's all just wishful thinking, but i also find RC's increased tweeting not just a coincidence.  RC moved in to scoop up shares relatively quickly after the 3rd qtr drop and his letter back in November explicitly told management to release a detailed turn around plan quickly.   A lot of people are expected April with the annual meeting  where fireworks will fly, but i think there could be a small chance the timeline is accelerated.
Go for AAPL 01/29. (Earnings play)
i did but they expire in march

510/500p spread
Monday morning I’m going deep into $NIO OTM calls, (20-30delta). Going to be leveraged to the tits when we go to the moon
My Baker Mayfield calls gonna print today
Old news? Priced in?
I want tsla in my portfolio but I don't buy tops ☹️ pain
Get in on PSTG now men

In Mama Cathie we trust.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Punisher274 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
BUY BABA SILLY AMERICAN 🇨🇳
https://twitter.com/RexChapman/status/1348252769648603139?s=20

fkn canadians 🤣🤣🤣
Tesla 1/15 1k literally free Money.
NIO 100 EOD
My freaking Econ professor wasn’t a fan of my investment in Tesla at 500 a share so I sold. I literally hate that man.
Shuddup
Other than the tremendous inefficiency of wireless charging... other than that part. Elon is landing rockets on their tails. You think TSLA didn't think about wirelessly charging their cars?
[removed]
Can she short ?
Apple pie is american? I thought only blue waffle was 🤔
Shut up bubble boy
Ho lee fuk, I am in, you convinced me!
Watch $200 in May 2021 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀, don't say you were not informed
[deleted]
ideas or we doing weeklies?
[deleted]
u guys like ARKF? i’ve already got ARKK & ARKG shares and cathies made me $$$ so far
Why have you posted the same dd in two different subs the past 2 days?
As if he puts out on a first date? As if he never calls to talk? Fuck, is this about NIO, or... cummunism?
I would choose ARKK over mega caps. Biden is likely to regulate tech
don't project on me brah. I dun never even go collage.
Why are there no stocks of companies that produce trains or metros for the transit section?
What’d you get banned for?
Can confirm, I’m the boyfriend.
That’s sad
you got 5k remaining and dont have to pay taxes
I don’t know if anyone had told you this, but:

       🟢🟢🟢  BERS R FUK!!!  🟢🟢🟢
Yeah bad news they don’t know shit

Except Cathie wood all hail the queen
Silver bugs pmsforsale and the other precious metal subreddits I follow are booming, silver is still being sold under spot if you know where to buy it
What stocks do we regret not loading up on Friday
What should I do with my last 2k?
Are 1 year+ expiry calls (leaps) considered long term or short term capital gains?
Why would you have any expectation of free speech? (Which btw is a specific defined term)
Idk wtf to do w these calls
I have 25k in 3/19 250 calls super confident on my BABA position
Doubt
The thing is, I don’t care. The whole system is so fucked and such an overarching scam, I just want to know if it will convince enough retards to by in to a point it will make me money. Will NIO fly again Monday after we have been bashed with positive NIO dd (even if it’s all bullshit)  or will we see a huge sell off. I guess let’s see, but NIO will stay in my watchlist. I literally stopped caring about company fundamentals because they apparently don’t matter for shit anymore, I jump on hype trains and ride the wave with trailing limit orders. If I sell out I don’t care as long as I made some money. I have no emotional connections to any of these companies, I literally couldn’t care less about a single one of them. I’m here for gainZ, I dont care if it is the result of propaganda or fundamental business practices.
Looking to buy puts on BA at open after the crash then buying calls at the bottom
if you haven't bought puts you don't believe in this yourself tho
What happened?
Something to consider, they can extend their date to search for a merger. Also, when you invest in SPACs, your money could be tied up for 6 months while the bull market continues. Tbh unless you're in for a quick pump, this SPAC is already overpriced since people have been pumping it recently, so I'd be careful. SPACs are low volume and easily manipulated so dont get caught bagholding warrants/commons for 6 months  


If you can get in at 10-10.50 ish it's pretty low risk tho
> Now look how many of these are driving around in Germany today.   

Outside of company cars? 1-2 people tops
i didn't come here to read a book, just tell me what to buy with rocket emojis
Oh shit haha well what is this guy suggesting when he says buy otm calls and buy shares that way?
That’s why 11 pm est WSB is the truest WSB
before I deleted my social media earlier this week, I was seeing WOMEN posting about STOCKS

big sell signal  


women love holding bags
Sometimes you make more money with a spread than you would have with naked calls
You the guy with the chicken?
How many kJ?
I totally agree with your post but:

>users here underestimate how much influence this subreddit has

This sub has literally ZERO impact on a stock that sometimes has 500 million shares traded in a day.
NACL 1200(mg)C 1/15
Wow. What a condescending asshole. Fuck you, fuck china and your copy cat culture.
I do to..  Constantly talking about his highschool football career.  What it boils down to is that was 2 seasons of football or 6 months of life.. Ya that was almost 30 years ago bud..  And yes it is pathetic because highschool is barely a minute in real life..
Ok what’s the catch I don’t trust this

https://twitter.com/jack/status/1204766078468911106?s=21

What’s in it for Twitter
Shut up about NIO. American's have NEVER wanted to buy cars from China. 

  
CAN ANYONE NAME A FAMOUS CHINESE CAR COMPANY SOLD IN USA!?!?!
Big game today, if Saints beat Bears confirmed green week, if bears beat Saints then SPY 300
The co1n has retard strength. $1500 off lows in like 5 mins. 🤣🤣
This is not Chewy. This is a brick and mortar store for a thing that’s not edible, wearable or petable. 

If you own a PC you’re downloading games from Steam. If you own an Xbox, the Xbox store. PlayStation the Dildo Emporeum. 

No one needs a brick and mortar store unless they are 1) buying collectibles 2) trading in hardware. 

So if your idea is that poor people will go there to trade in $2 copies of FIFA and buy controllers they smashed while getting 90’d in Fortnite because they don’t have a Walmart nearby... spare me. Good luck with your yolos. I hope they spike... but I’m not riskin my money on Power Up Card.
TSLA 1000 eow. I just got in on friday so plssss moon 🚀🚀🚀
I would have hopped off when I was at 112K so don't ask me.
But that sweet dip tommorow 🥰
Where? I want to watch that statement
I wouldn’t trust a Chinese ‘capitalist’ on stocks any day of the week.
Second this guy. I've been selling BBBY covered calls a few times now and enjoying the tendies
Industry and Green Energy baby. Blue collar is gonna be the new white collar. 🛠
[deleted]
Stocks can’t go down.
Exactly, this shit is dangerous for the future of the sub if we let it fly.
no
The lamest post on WSB. And super racist.
Shes just shifting money into what she think will drop the least. She is required to be fully invested at all times
Just remember, youre not untouchable, youre not a genius, you took a massive risk and could have just as easily went the other way. 

Ask yourself, can you loose 2 mil and be ok? If the answer is no then cash out.
Bezinga is on to us. Article out saying ppl are spending their 600$ stimmy on stock market
no
.... Top
😩😩
[deleted]
Thank you for your answers & suggestions! 

One final question: does IBKR require a certain level of income (I read sth about 40k/year) to allow you to trade options?
I am so close to agreeing. The best Spanish mackarel is sooo good. My problem with mackarel is sometimes even high end sushi restaurants don't get it right. You can go to a sushi buffet and have divine yellowtail though.
ENPH
don't worry I've seen it
I use tda, but I love Robinhood 0 commission snd their line graph so fun to look at
[deleted]
Yet
J&J 😂
You mean cut the tubes? Cmon man
I just destroyed a family sized microwave meal. Either I'm a fucking fatass or it meant a family of midgets. Calls on sodium.
Where is Jack Ma? I need my BABA calls to print
This is always good advice
Pltr dropped 25% in two weeks. Where was the algos?
Hope he gets better! What does he have?
yeah too conservative

it'll close at the 200 DMA so $350 or so
But here's why Tesla will never be analogous to Amazon in that regard. Amazon can sell all the same books & music that B&N sells. Tesla can't sell the same cars that VW or Ford or BMW or GM sells. (Yes, I know Tesla is much more than just a car manufacturer, but if we're sticking with the Amazon/B&N question...)
if you don't want to put your money in ICLN, just look at what stocks they have been buying and pick one of those instead then
I simple broker robert named paul from New York (ME live in that CITY whole life that tru). I agree that NIO 🚀 is the best car produce by Great Dragon of China. NIO 🚀 stoks go very high and will soon overtake Tesla (TSLA very very bad but NIO very very 🚀 good). Also I hear Great Wise Chairman Xi 習近平 Jinping also invested in them

🚀🚀🚀NIO 🚀🚀🚀 NIO 🚀🚀🚀 NIO🚀🚀🚀
WSB top post on weekends are always the best.
What news
https://i.imgflip.com/4tanxx.jpg
I can read and comprehend just fine, it seems you can’t pick up what I laid down. I’ll say it another way. Beijing Biden will let the Chinese tiger loose and it will wreak havoc on the entire steel market. Remind me in December 2021 how I’m wrong
🌞🎛👉1️⃣💵
Lol I think this post was directed and written by high ranking members of the CCP but dammit I wish I didn’t sell my calls Friday. Regardless I hope this shit crashes and BURNS and the blood from all the losses turns the Chinese flag 🇨🇳 all red
just switch to webull 🤡
It may be true, but the risk is that you would be obligated to sell your shares if it did hit 20%+ above the market price before it expired, which would mean you lose out on a bunch of gains, from my understanding. Not an expert in these things, but it seems like it’s a strategy to reduce risk (but also substantially reduced profits if there’s a spike in the share price).
So I bought a bunch of riot puts on Friday then felt like a really big f****** idiot after hours but now I'm feeling a little bit better about that, we still see at 8:30 tomorrow
Always a lot of 🌈🐻 on the weekend. Doomers don't have social lives.
So what you are saying is... don't do NIO call spreads because it just strangles the upside?
[deleted]
Woke up at 6:30am pst today too. I need help!
Anecdotes != DD.
Fuck chyna lmfao
What you mean I’m making tendies with BABA up 40% 8k so far
[deleted]
He can show his loyalty by posting a hentaied photo of Winnie the Pooh getting fucked by an Elon Musk and American Eagle hybrid...
[deleted]
Im not a pussy, captain!
because banks and the irs suck
No, the shares introduced by psth will be the only shares traded. This means the company will be 10-20% public and retain control. That’s makes those shares scarce which is good in the long run. The company could elect to issue more shares but that would likely result in stock dividends or some sort to compensate investors
3 days till I’m unbanned on Robinhood. I can’t fucking wait
For those of you that started off with amounts like $500 - $1000 and made it big, were you buying weekly's or what were you doing to make it big?
[deleted]
[removed]
What happens then? You lose all your money?
I would also make sweet love to her
Vasectomy time
[deleted]
[removed]
You CANT exercise otm calls buddy
Nothing wrong with that
Tesla doesn't drop.
All the top 3 chinese automakers Li, Xpeng and NIO use NVIDIA chips. Think they also use CATL.
Are we seeing a dip this week?
[removed]
I read it like 15 times to get it and then i read the headline
What is it good BABA news? what’s going on I’d be rich
🙋‍♂️They are gonna make a movie about us
You can check out anytime you like, 
But you can never leave,
Welcome to the Wallstreet Bets Subreddit!
Such a lovely place (such a retarded place)
Music and lights makes me wanna buy. Also, I stopped reading your post but did you mention the 621 miles of range on a single charge? That seems like that might be beneficial
So I should buy nio calls? Brb gonna go learn how calls work. I don't wanna end up here posting how I went broke.
That’s true you’re exactly right. Maybe I’m thinking in terms of finding another species we’d actually be able to communicate to.
u/Notccpbot are you the username @TheIronGiant8 from twitter? Don’t lie !
can you buy calls on the inverse 3x inverse TSLA etf? That's gotta be out there right?
Seeing normies talk about stocks makes me ill
Much needed for that shit
Omg hurry the fuck up Sunday this is so boring.
Go to Japan and see the land of my people.
Buy puts?
TSM fucks
[removed]
[deleted]
Nope, spanish mackarel is way better
[removed]
never heard of more permanent and effective contraception solutions?
NIO news gonna make other EVs fall?
I forgot bears rule the roost where when markets closed and their assholes aren’t getting drilled 😂
Just made sushi last night. Tuna fan personally
I’ll ask my wife’s bf if I can have an allowance raise
You mean you were the top for the class.
I like salmon and tuna
Browns beat the steelers today and anything is possible
[deleted]
Like?
I fucking finally figured it all out!!! Nice!!!
[removed]
26th
Still not comfy with chyna stocks (see Jack Ma and BABA recently) but NIO is sure looking like a good runner
What is it?
🤣
ALL IN TSLA
[deleted]
You taking a bubble bath?
Inflation forces ppl to invest and take on debt.   Good for gdp, bad for the middle class
infrastructure upgrades but no mention of steel? sad
Lol reddit is shills all the way down. You should read the story of how the founders faked traffic until they got some traction.
This is why I'm a skeptic of technical analysis: they just don't take enough information into account. Specifically, catalyst events.


Instead, you get statements like "if it breaks support, it might go down".

That's the most complicated way of saying "it could go down".
what app is that
Doesn't matter but they do have lots of propaganda on Tik Tok or some shit
Tencent has a stake in Reddit. For all intents and purposes, it's "theirs" not "ours" anymore.
Yep! Haha. The company is astounding when you peel the curtain back. No skeletons in the closet. It’s why when people say they’re a career supermarket employee (Publix) I don’t even think of scoffing at it.
He has a post from 4 months ago?
I got 4/16 105c, hoping it has a similar recovery to ARCT
Everything bounced after hours.  SCHN earnings rose everything CMC will likely do they same.  Whether it sells off or not after we will see.
if you checked my last post on the last sub I posted on you would realize just how retarded you are

e: just checked that other retards post history and he posts on /r/genzedong. Disregard my earlier comment, im the retard
Yellowtail makes the best sushi. Single best fish to eat raw
[removed]
Is doyu gona be around i have a position in doyu half the size of my bili position
Also, there's a lot less overt bigotry.
You would LOVE to live in China! They will not only confirm your bias, but give it to you in the first place!
[deleted]
I will buy calls on this information
I’m curious to hear your success story as well! Pls
i would cum harder than i made any girl cum before
Moon or No Moon?!?
Pull out game weak
Free the nip. 😂
Can't believe he actually made his dreams come true, who would of thought!?!?
Literally anywhere. GameStop doesn’t have a monopoly on consoles. Walmart. Best Buy. Target. Amazon. Pick a place. There’s nothing about GME that invites people to buy there over another retailer.
TSM is the play Monday
You can exercise the warrants after the merger is complete
I have 1k to buy any potential dips with and have 3k tied up already
Bubbles popping!!
Everything is shit and we’re all going to die 🤟🏻
[removed]
Ever heard of Method chaining?
Ban.
i think that's increasingly irrelevant now considering that games now become free or cheap after X months on the PS / xbox online services (think steam sales), and also the added bonus that any game you buy stays with you forever, games I bought on my PS4 are still available with my PS5, etc.  Physical media is dead, this 100% will be the last generation with disc drives.
Show puts
This is the main thing that scares me about the current market. It's not about companies, it's about FAR too much wealth shifted to the poor which doesn't seem like something the people in control want to happen.
[removed]
🤡
Life is 9.30-4, everything else is just waiting
This does not look good for my riot and mara calls
Don't know much about aapl but I am expecting a huge rally going into ER.
By giving it away and filming it.
Yeah man, it absolutely can be applied to other species and often is. You seem to be dismissive of the advanced cognitive abilities of existing known species in favor of some other organism that will be more like us. In reality, cognition will look very different between species. So, it is quite possible that we could discover a cognitively advanced alien lifeform and simply dismiss it due to our hubris
Bro kids are no joke
He’s banned from all social media
People are paranoid that their NIO calls won't print
We want to see losses. Hold till negative please.
FUCK YEA MURICA!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I have 4 of them. We’re only $30. Low risk high reward.
[removed]
If you're so confident buy 100 p June 2022 and let's play
Very good. I've SQ puts.
Uhhh tryna not make a baby
Why ?
[deleted]
Panels gaps, mismatched paint, constant squeaks and rattles, [and roofs flying off brand new cars.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/electrek.co/2020/11/23/tesla-model-s-roof-seen-flying-off-dashcam-video/amp/)

They even [knowingly sold cars with faulty battery packs](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.businessinsider.com/tesla-leaked-emails-show-company-knew-model-s-battery-issues-2020-6%3famp) back in 2012.

Tesla is literally [the worst in the industry in terms of quality.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/3249943001)

I mean, cool company and all... but they have a long ways to go before I’m willing to spend $40K+ on a POS. I’d much rather buy an EV from VW, Mercedes, Ford, etc, with 100 miles of less range but is actually well-built.
I love her
Theoretically just a majority of 51 unless repubs filibuster. If they do then they need 60 or Dems will need to nuke the filibuster altogether.
Me, I had to travel all the way to Sugan, Dese to take it.
You know one’s a racist when you see one specifically say “I’m not racist” lol
Pump. Lizard people are so hot right now
what ban is that?
you say that as you use a website and a phone built by those nerd
reminder: Tesla will close below $500 on Friday

do with this information what you will
He made a comment that he wasn't allowed to do it or something to that affect. So he had to abandon it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
aka 'Friday'
rotation into what? Value Stocks? lol
Big oof
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do you think Sh!tco!n drilling is good or bad for us?
Goddamn Cathie is so smart ❤️
I have friends using condoms in a relationship lmao wtf
All hail Supreme Leader Great Nation China. Baba to 1000
Think Ima fuck with that CLNE

Edit: 2022's for just OTM were like 500 I think.
Put AAL
[removed]
Did you not see that *as of June 2020??
Honestly I find every single post on here encouraging people to trade on something immediately super fishy. A board full of idiots ready to drop tons of cash with one well emoji-d post, seems like a great place for small pump and dumps
Exactly. There has been a concentrated effort by official CCP accounts (see, eg, Twitter) to appropriate the language of CRT/SJWs/SocJus in order to cast criticism of the CCP as racism. Another big tell you’re dealing with an astroturfing wumao.
Super unstable. I understand limited supply aspect, but why would anybody want to use it in real life.
Shit corn dipping hard
You fool
[removed]
This means that Cathie is doing the same thing.... so buy Ark
[deleted]
what shit?
down big bigly
NIO 80C 1/15. Don’t be a pussy
[deleted]
This is the way, when it expires worthless you don't have to pay tax *taps forehead*
Whats really weird, is i got a weird vibe from that post too
[deleted]
[removed]
No money in savings but 2k in eltronics on their person. (Phone, smart watch, and head phones.
Only 3/19 19c

Def picking up some 6/18’s but what strike?
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-mind-of-an-octopus/
This is the way, when it expires worthless you don't have to pay tax *taps forehead*
That delisting shit is priced in! Nobody cares at this point!! Buy the dip!!! 🚀🚀🚀
I was doing that already so now I have an excuse
Why would it be red.  The Parlor ban? Lol 😂
So if it dropped under 150$ the position will close and you will lose the money?
Then you should look into him again, he's wholesome as fuck. He literally gives away cars and houses to people.
stocktwits the gayest shit ever im so happy i have u guys
Is doyu still viable
That’s one of the bigger “Yikes” I’ve given out in a while.
I'll never understand why people sell.
This the kind of stimulus I need 🤤
I still can’t believe I lost money on hertz puts.
Ugh that is my favorite, but I gotta go bartend.. Atleast we got TVs 🙄
Even beyond that, China isn’t making enough steel to satisfy enough demands at this point
Fucking perfect title.
weird how everyone jumps to sterility, when theres like 0 reason to think that. There's no existing mechanism of action between an immune response to a spike protein and your ball sack, nor is there any correlation of the other ingredients that link to that organ system.

Nor is having RNA injected into you, its literally a subunit component of the vaccine but with mRNA, the mechanisms happening are the same as if you had someone with covid cough in your face, the same process would happen to you intracellular but actually a lot more.
[deleted]
What happened???
Just looked it up. I love how these geniuses say it's "oversold". Very precarious position right there 🤣🤣🤣
>US intelligence agencies have 180 days to share what they know about UFOs

Probably a nothing burger. If there was anything credible, US intelligence would do anything and everything to keep that shit under tight wraps
aapl
Maybe he’s buying Tesla calls too?!
I assume op wants some longer than calls gains. Remember you can earn short term with calls, and long term with stocks. It’s not popular on this sub to buy stocks but it is a powerful option none the less.
I'm simple. If you tell me exactly what you did I'll follow suit. Already holding 200 @ 28. I have never been involved with leaps. I trade on td. Appreciate your help if you care to give it. Thanks.
TAN? It solar etf.
ICLN calls
BABA calls
let me get you my venmo.lol
Oh God sell those at open
That’s basically like a full time job. Even if he doesn’t work for NIO or the CCP he works for a publicist or ad agency.
We can’t find him because he went to his home planet
Yeah. I was top of my class
>	Beijing Biden will let China in to help meet demand for infrastructure. I don’t see this play working past Q4

🤡 illiteracy is no excuse
[deleted]
... just majority I believe.
Pay my vet bills, my dog is sick.
I feel that they are also much bigger than an automotive company. I’ve done research on there advancements in home solar as well as plans for there super efficiently home HVAC systems. They have some good ideas for the future for sure. Thanks for the reply.
Buy NIO, it's cheaper than TSLA calls 🚀🚀🚀
its a good way to punish the generation
[deleted]
It’s almost like they are trying to get caught.
Yes, yes it does. Godspeed fellow autist
Heard the CCP might be in here, in that case 

THANK YOU PRESIDENT JINPING FOR BUYING THE BABA DIP TO KEEP IT AFLOAT AND ALLOWING US TO AVOID BANKRUPTCY. LOL YOU SHOULD TOTALLY KEEP DOING THAT. GLORY TO THE XI EMPIRE 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
I'm pro tits so sounds good.
NIO __C  __/21 

Fill in the blanks
are you suggesting monthlies for Canoo?
Was it you fucks or bots that upvoted that post to the moon?
Anyone who thinks the Chinese aren't waging an all out investment war in America has their head in the sand.

I was living in Detroit during the 00's recession and it lasted way longer there than anywhere else.  All those $500 properties that were being written about in the motor city?  Huge swaths, entire blocks of lots, bought up with Chinese investment dollars.

My last two landlords have been Chinese, the current one has never even entered the house I'm in and bought it from 4 states away.

Heed this person's words.
whats the stock name???
Can't wait for these nerd ass software developers to get sector rotationed into poverty 🔗 ♻️ 💨🎡
Crap. Do I have to layout money for tesla too?  I missed that boat by years...
[deleted]
stonks may go down, keep some cash ready to buy the dip
I don't wanna average down anymore
[removed]
Uh oh. I gotta go back home once that info gets out👽
I’m no expert, but I can see over 110 before earnings.
Yea but limiting profits is gay
It might not do either though.
Just a bit concerned. Im not in shambles. 
I got 30c 1/29 & 35c 3/19’s. Gonna be a hard hit open if it doesnt recover
ARK funds, ICLN, ENPH, WCC, and PSTH.  LFG.   Dumb biotech lottos AMRN and ZYME.
It’s always gonna be a retarded sausage fest in here
What the ticker?
🥱
Cringe as fuck... same dude who losses it all in 2021
GOEV monthlies or quarterlies or annual leaps? OTM? Far OTM leaps? what is the play
Buy the shit corn dip?
$SRPT leaps??? Failed a trial but -50% seems dramatic. Cathie bought almost a million shares on the dip 👀👀
So.... crows do all that too.
Thanks and fuck you too.
lol it wasn't meant to be a shot at anyone - I just learned myself this past week
Wait 80% by employees? No VCs or anything? That is impressive. And all preporty deals in cash is also very impressive. Man good for publix and Jenkins family.
How about shrooms? Mindmed?
what options to get tomorrow with $600
Thoughts on AMD and AAPL? Anticipating 50-100% growth for AMD with the tailwinds and 25-50% for AAPL by EOY
How many of you autists have actually passed the Gar Glon test?
inshallah down BIGLY tomorrow
The only way you are going to get foreign state influence out of reddit is with a time machine
TCDR 

This Delta Theta nonsense is this bullish or 🐻🌈
380 shares locked and loaded as well sitting tight in my IRA waiting on the boom for tax free growth 🤝
[deleted]
Easy to see we are not: Jack Ma is an alien\\human hybrid.
[deleted]
why would printTrillionDollars() return an object with a provideStimulus() method?

bad code design

ban
[deleted]
😐
Cracker Barrel is the new meetup for Trumpsters, now that Parler is gone.
US intelligence agencies have 180 days to share what they know about UFOs, thanks to the Covid-19 relief and spending bill


TSLA moons bigly once the ufo info drops 

https://www.cnn.com/2021/01/10/us/ufo-report-emergency-relief-bill-trnd/index.html
she said stonks may go down and that it never hurts to take profits and keep some powder dry for a big dip
Billions of revenue vs hundreds of thousands.  Yup the exact same.
I don’t even wanna own Tesla anymore after seeing that
Now it’s time to pump $ENG baby
[deleted]
[deleted]
Considering my share of NIO ownership shill away lol
Lol
Strike Price of $150 means valuable only over $150 at expiration. The deep ITM call is a stock replacement strategy and acts like a leveraged stock position
[deleted]
[deleted]
Next time market even thinks about going down fed will intervene, stocks cant go down
First of I was talking about FDIC and the same thing goes for SIPC. I am sorry you’re such a boomer and don’t know anything in Banking. Go buy some Treasure bonds old school. If you’re worried that your bank goes under don’t invest.
It'll never be over. It's going to be around forever like the common flu.
Those are perfect.
Either my TESLA weeklies expire worthless or I expire a dead millionaire from all the stress. Tesla 1000 by 1/15 🚀🚀🚀🍾
>🤤🤤🤤  
`When the last tree has been cut down, the last fish caught, the last river poisoned, only then will we realize that one cannot eat money`

\- Hitler 🤤
Exactly. r/stocks these days has a lot of wumao
What's bae saying
Always has
Lol
No liabilities from winding down retail stores?
Don’t turn a ho into a housewife bro. Buy Trojans instead.
I still get flashbacks
Feeling good about my leaps. Every dip is another opportunity!
shit now i know. I just see everyone say PSTH
Nothing like losing a few Gs before football on a Sunday 👍
When is that again?
My inner retard after reading this is like “idk seems kinda gay to me” 
But I don’t listen to that bitch anyway 
NIO TO THE FUCKING MOOOOOOOON
1/21/22 100p locked and loaded baby
Joe Biden set to announce all white men must wear sexy maid outfits and take estrogen

Calls on $BECKY
Does that mean I am already a full retard if I already have that call?
[deleted]
Do you assume every Chinese person you see is a spy? Maybe the chow mein you’re eating is updating a neural virus 😱 maybe China is literally trying to take you to the moon.. to die!!

Seriously take a nap dude you may actually be hallucinating..or just American
[removed]
[deleted]
Titans
 Aliens coming to earth this year 👽
Autists walk the tightrope between genius and imbecile while retards will continually feed this sub with sweet beautiful loss porn. As much as I want to get off, which has only happened when I last was with your wife's boyfriend, I will continue to be Autist.
&#x200B;

They sold 5,291 cars last year. 92.67B market cap. Tesla did 500k cars.

How can op gage market when there's just a handful of cars out there? This is likely a pump/marketing post since op has no history.

Battery swap does not scale. The stations and attendants are expensive and process 1 car at a time.

Most models are pretty ugly.

Rich people choose foreign brands for status. Driving Nio will not get you a pretty wife at the correct status level.

Nomi personal assistant is like Clippy from Microsoft Office. Who thought this toy was a good idea???

[https://youtu.be/fhxi0BMAL0I?t=26](https://youtu.be/fhxi0BMAL0I?t=26)

&#x200B;

Empty Nio Houses - Do Chinese even like socializing with strangers?

Why spend company money on this? Who would go there when it looks like an office?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2HfPT1U4gA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2HfPT1U4gA)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWG5YAAKixo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWG5YAAKixo)
With so many new EV makers coming to the market, is it time to invest in car dealers/repair shops. Even Tesla struggles to get enough repair shops up and running. AN a good buy?
Its ok.. you will just be broke and retarded.
BABA opening at ∆⅚⁶8⁹12 on the XÆA-12 exchange
Truly retarded. You have my blessing OP!
[deleted]
Why is that everytime I notice extremely high volume for deep itm leaps, the underlying share price almost always drops pretty drastically for a few sessions, if not weeks, sometimes taking up to a month to recover.
If it finds support at 30k, miners are fine
First off, autists are good at trading retards aren’t learn the lingo.

Second, this sub has been steadily going down as far as quality content goes since 2017 with a spike in quality before the Palantir run up, before quickly falling back down to baseline
that's what I first noticed too
🧐
Lol the last sentence is worse
Yup. Already doubled my position on friday, will buy even more shares on market open
You are a racist. When you see a Chinese doing DD and expressing non-political point of view, you just get upset and call him CCP. lol
Bullish
God i almost want the company to go to 0 just to get rid of “tsla investor” bios
Ravens or Titans?
My parents didn't fuck my brain up with drugs... that was me.
My 1/2022 37Cs love you. Might pick up some more calls Monday.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You don’t mention the dollar or DXY once in your analysis 🧐
Someone on Facebook gloating about his 498% returns this year so far. Super cringe. Didn’t put a dollar amount, but graph looks like Tesla. He’s also giving advice now. Smh.
Anyone else remember penis inspection day in gym class when they were young? I cant be the only one right?
THIS IS THE ERA OF ELON MUSK!
[removed]
aliens currently balls deep in TSLA 1/29 1000c
Because you don’t actually own the digital game. You buy a license to use it. At any point in time, it can be removed from your library.
If he released an SEC filing showing he bought 69,420 shares this thing would shoot straight to the moon based off the prospect of him being the next meme lord alone. Eat your heart out, PLTR Karp
[removed]
[deleted]
This time tomorrow the market will have been open for over 3 hours. I’m starting to feel excited.
This is a good thing 🤑
    while(true)
    {
        JPOW.printTrillionDollars().provideStimulus();
    }
[removed]
You know you can literally independently verify the claims yes? 

You aren't racist, you are just really dumb
Good thing Shanghai is expanding to 1M capacity before the end of next year. Berlin and Austin phase 1 will be a minimum of 500k each with a 2M target of all phases.

They are building factories, you know.
actual riot printing
Hes talking about a stock I own so he must be telling the truth!
Can I jerk it in the corner?
[deleted]
[removed]
Only fans subscription
> Expired worthless.
What do you mean? You mean apple products are overpriced??
Is this real
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/likemikej23 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
China keeps winning! Xi is so happy right now!!
Cracker barrel sucks ass now
What expiry?
So it's technically a Hyundai...
 [**u/only1parkjisung**](https://www.reddit.com/user/only1parkjisung/) does sound Chinese now that u bring it up
@Notccpbot if you work for the Chinese govt or Nio, you have to say. Those are the rules.
Shits hitting 40 Monday, relax.
This is the type of DD i can understand.
Did abiogenesis just happen once and we all evolved from that or is it actively happening?
"Some smaller names don't have access to something like that." What does this even mean? Smaller press outfits don't get to attend Presidential pressers? They are often televised. Do these "smaller outfits" not have access to TV? But they DO have access to the internet?

Perhaps you will say that even TV has chosen to cut Trump's pressers, which is true and unprecedented. Why, you may ask? The dude is crazy and his words have become incredibly dangerous, leading to the deaths of other through mob violence.
1800 flowers a buy ?
[deleted]
They do print it digitally
what did she say so I don't have to watch it
At what point will WSB be large enough to approximate average distribution?
Are call debit spreads smart
[removed]
Rich with unrealized gains. It all collapses if everyone tries to realize the gains.
RIOT calls fucked 😐😐😐
If Monday opens green I may go full retard and get a SPY 390C for 01/15
Do you guys still have lockdowns? News been on Europe and US.
[deleted]
shitty management + reverse splits
Bout to get that Fuck Thots Bareback money this week 🤑🤑🤑
This week is going to be a bloodbath for big tech imo
You get your butt blown out and walk +$100k up oh no sounds awful
哦，原来如此 👍
NIO VALE MT X MARA RIOT
If it was actually a ccp shill why would they include ccp in their username lol.
Stop the fucking count.
Vallalha
[removed]
Thanks! May the force be with you, too!
[removed]
[deleted]
If you can provide insights into how NIO houses are monetized, it will probably soothe some nerves. 

They look costly as hell to sustain. So the plan should be to make money from them.  If day care is free then its another cost burden on the company.  I downloaded NIO app, but don’t understand the language to see where they are going with it.
You guys think aliens trade stonks too? 👽
Is NIO like BABA where it's technically an offshore company that splits the profit from mainland China?
I have $130 1/15 AAPL puts, someone tell me I'm ok
Buy Tesla, f Burry 🚀🚀🚀
He's disappoint.
if Tim Apple is green monday, the market has officially separated it's self from reality and i'm fine with that
Too much American money is tied up in Chinese businesses, they'll never delist
🛫🛫🛫
[removed]
Guys you can get f*cked in the ass by a tranny and not be gay
Elon needs to tweet TSLA price too high again so that I can buy more shares
it is banned lol
[removed]
are you talking about the vision eqs? cause that is not available.. no price, no quality metrics to speak of..
Calls on banks.
That’s dirty. No wonder they didn’t  leave you anything
Thanks for sharing your point of view. Great read, appreciate your insight!
Not that crazy especially considering it’s 24/7. Imagine if the market was 24/7.
The meta irony of a username like notccpbot also gives le redditors a chuckle and subconsciously instills confidence that he is American as apple pie
Regrets of not buying NIO when it was treading around 40$ for so long
[deleted]
[removed]
Technology improves exponentially, especially when the government will completely support and find all green energy endeavors for the next few months before another significant senator runoff
Yes, I'm sure you're right. Might as well put all of your savings into Tesla then, since the build capacity is inevitable.
I do. I've been following TSLA for a long time - since 2012. People must understand that they are relatively undeveloped as a company and still have many more products to create. They only have two mass-market cars (3 & Y) and they aren't even close to their max production limits when you consider the Berlin factory isn't built yet and the China factory is not at full production. Just in the next couple of years, Tesla plans to begin production on the cybertruck & the semi. And soon they will launch new vehicles and products to cater to given markets, such as a small hatchback car for the German market. This is all by the way without mentioning Tesla's 5-year lead when it comes to battery tech (efficiency, energy density, material cost, production cost), drivetrain tech, and self-driving tech. The future is bright for Tesla, and the stock price will reflect accordingly.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
In Shanghai there’s LOADS
you mean the USD? :)
So what? Nio is still mooning hard. 100$. Eoy Also a lot of nice info from a nio employee :))
[deleted]
[removed]
107K BPR to short the unspoken of on futures :/

The temptation is always real but that probably break those position sizing rules
You guys can read?
Ok I hope it works out for us! I was also long $LK but got out so I have scars like you might on that one. My average cost is $20.27 158K shares.
How are my BABA boys feeling for this week?
[deleted]
And it still holds true, so what? That shows that they were right. Just because the stock is massively overvalued now that doesnt mean that that cant change. And until October 2019 Teslas stock really didnt have that great of a performance. 
So what is you point?
The AMD keynote and a round table on The Future of Gaming are both taking place on 12Jan. AMD is the hottest chip for PC and they are in both next gen MS and PS consoles.
EWY could also be another to keep and eye on. LG to do a, Future of LG, round table and there are break out conferences on, next gen TVs. I’ll be looking for LG and Samsung to move up and both are weighted in EWY.
[link to CES schedule](https://digital.ces.tech/)
YouTube.
Is twtr going to be down bigly bc of all the drama, or up bigly bc one of their emerging competitors is getting shut down? 🤔
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because of the risk of getting delisted. Can't deal with that shit
Why do yall get angry so easily Jesus its called having an objective lens you should try it sometime. Or take a history class. I'm a fencesitter btw I don't have a stake in this
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
All this post is telling me to do is go all in on $BABA and $NIO
NVDA breakout coming any time now
Wheels sold separately
NIO is still a car company

TSLA is not anymore
hahah
Lmao. You just responded to me on a different account. Are you also down voting on all your accounts?
Digital dollar getting rekt
Fuck yea! You had me at Gen X. 

Represent, lost generation of slackers and zero fuck givers!
You have to get used to EST. I don’t even think in my time zone anymore
The iPhone is made in China
The pledge of allegiance was created to sell flags, fucking biped.
I like your funny words magic man. I didn't see any 🚀🚀 emojis though 🤔🤔
wtf when was this decided
Rotation from #4 to EV this week
[removed]
Remindme! 24 hours
[deleted]
Im thinking if its green, I hold ICLN. If it's red: I sell and buy the dip
This mf rich rich
because you idiots can't speak english properly.
WE’RE NOT FUCKIN SELLING 🚀 🚀 🚀
I got in December 2019 at .76 avg. kept putting spare cash into it ever since. Life changing stock. I’m thinking $50 ish levels EOY 2021
CCP is in here. Quick bois act natural.
Like he said, Never. It's going to 0.
After earnings this week I’m rolling everything in Vale $25 for June, but that’s only because MT is too expensive for me. Both plays seem fine
It doesn't get earlier man. I check/research stock every 30-40 minutes from 5:30 AM (before I go into work) until 10 PM (before I go to sleep). Stocks are my life now. I feel like that guy in the "SOUL" movie
[removed]
Share gang reporting in. Moon mission being planned under wraps. Keep it quiet. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I don’t trust OP ... no 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 in post 🤔
Yes RDFN and OPEN I agree
Demo day
For me this was $PLUG. Bought at $4 a share.
Solid target $420 is mine. In Ryan Cohen we trust bad boys to the moon
Say no more  man, it's sad history for Chinese.
U spelled dick wrong
Agree with tesla not nio or any China stock. This is about US policy. Nio is still going to the moon, only money nio will get out of this is stimulus money we retards put on calls. China is pumping evs regardless of US policy.
[deleted]
I feel like that would bode well for creationism
The difference is freedom of speech. Dont say anything bad about Nio or you might get disappeared. Lol. The reality is the only market for this brand is china, china cheats and due to this deserves the tariffs they receive. Forcing them to only be competitive in china. No one is going to buy a high end model car from china. The little nio clubhouse is the most gimmicky things ive ever seen, and this brand has no presence despite what you say.
[removed]
I’m glad I bought NIO on the first day. 784% return. Now I regret not buying more
Kids,

Don't buy GME, and sell what you have now while they are worth something.

Jesus Christ, this fuckery has gone on long enough.
When will NIO moon my Chinese friend?
If you want a laugh look up pootcoin on shitbird twitter
“GameStop has partnered with Chik Fil A, and will now be the exclusive provider of Chik Fil A food on Sundays” 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
VALE
What % of congress needs to vote yes?
He doesn't have to delist it, he can just mention delisting. People eat that shit up. It doesn't mean anything, but it gets the people going
He can't tweet anymore, buy NIO
Great write up!
It will be green
[deleted]
Bump... if that works here
Shorting FAANG is like gambling on if there’s a god or not
How was it done in the past? TV? Radio? The American public has a wholly owned transmission method: broadcast airwaves. You aren't even allowed to say whatever you want there either.
$CRKR confirmed moon
No, just experienced.
Quit being a bitch. This little dip is nothing, it will be back up by the time markets open. I hold riot calls expiring on the 22nd and I'm not worried in the least.
\#FACTS

GME 🚀🚀🚀
I just opened another account with a different brokerage just to buy some Hyundai stocks. Should’ve worked on it harder after the Boston Dynamics announcement instead of giving up on opening a new account, but I think there’s still room on the HYMTF 🚀
tHe InsTiTuTuTiOnS hOlDiNg iT wIlL fAiL
If you're selling the naughty internet currency, come to stocks.  We have candy and condoms.
Pretty sure most of this sub doesn't actually know the difference between autistic and retarded so that's real cool. Love perpetuating stereotypes.
Wrestle with Jeff, prepare for death
MUSK LOVES CCP

I LOVE CCP

GODS FRIEND ARE MY FRIENDS.

For real the pat down I got leaving China like 4 years ago was boarder line sexual.
i hope they include the scene where the guy tases his own ballsack when they make the hollywood feature film
Definitely
When’s the buying stops, the printer prints, and then the buying continue
I like $MT given the sell off Friday. Chart doesn’t look great for Monday either, I think it runs later in the week. 

I think all companies go up but investment depends on current situations. I went bigger on $X after the dump a month ago and then have gone bigger on $MT the last couple weeks.
So go watch NIO DAY  
3 hours of mostly nothing
I’d rather have $B tank on Sunday and 🚀 during market hours.  Then the opposite like it used to do...
Stimulus plan on Thursday. Puts r fuk then
It's not FDIC dumbass, it's SIPC and it's actually 500k, guess you don't know jack shit idiot.  The non-dumbass retards are talking now child
wow ur amazing so compenent

so special
I felt that lmfao
[deleted]
Why is it unlikely that RC attends the ICR conference? Isn’t an interactive ticket exactly the kind of thing he should do to engage the company?
Print 🖨
Yeah true I really meant more life on earth
Where do you see ICLN end of week?
He has two weeks you full retard. He can’t just delist shit at will.
I think it's closer to your number than 10%

That's based on the 500 swap stations for this year (6500 batteries) they announced and I imagine 100,000 car sales this year on top of the 50,000+ they have sold already.

3-5% ish.

They also invest in destination chargers. I don't think people are swapping every time instead of charging. Swapping is not meant to be a full charging replacement but flexibility for the owner.

I think what you say about batteries is exactly why I'd want a car that can adopt new battery tech. QS come out with a new battery and you just bought a Tesla Model 3? Well that kinda sucks as you're sitting on "old" battery tech now, and are going to take the depreciation hit when you come to sell.

Your point about swapping to a different EV brand I'm not sure bothers Nio too much either, at least not anymore than any other brand. That person just sells the vehicle to someone else who then takes up the subscription cost of the battery... its not like that car is out of the market place.

I can imagine in say 3 years, a used EC6 + the lowest battery subscription plan is quite attractive to a first time EV owner... and competitive. Normally in a private sale the company would get zero revenue in this transaction... whereas the revenue stream is still there with baas.

You just described resolution + detail while saying MP don't matter. Which is exactly the point about a higher MP sensor (yes I know it doesn't mean 'better' in the sense of image quality) but it can read a speed limit sign from further away. 

Higher mega pixels (provided the lens resolves enough detail) absolutely increases resolution. The trade off is low light performance (smaller pixels... less light per pixel)

Lidar may become cheaper and more viable. I don't know. It's a different approach to Tesla for sure. Tesla was always about making a car affordable for the masses which they succeeded in.

Everyone else in autonomous driving is using Lidar for whatever reason. Personally I'm not super interested in this aspect for another 10 years +... so much red tape to get through, that I think any car now will be obsolete by the time it's truly ready.... we're just all feeding it data.

I don't think Nio are really competing with Tesla at the moment... I think they're aiming for different customers (Model S+X sales are pretty dead) and building a whole new following similar to Tesla enthusiasts in a huge growth market.

Plenty of room for both.

VW are producing EV's in big numbers now too... I can see them overtaking Tesla in sales. They have 600,000 capacity in China alone this year. 

In ten years I'm going 1. Tesla 2. VW. 3. Nio
This is all sentiment, not a lot of math or data or forecasting to back this up, but that Nio house is pretty cool tbh.
Let’s buy Cracker Barrel, can’t go tits up 😀
STOP THE COUNT
ICLN an etf
If they report a partnership Wednesday, Canoo would go from $15 to $60 in a day.  If you had $1k in calls, you would become a millionaire instantly.
Stfu with this bullshit.
instead you can go to a gamestop location + have them offer you $2-$5 or $0 because they already have too many.  physical media is dead.  this gme hype is boomer shit
Shit I didn’t even think about that but that adds to my dd
TSLA proposed a plan a few years ago at a Governors convention to power the entire US. Also, It’s only a matter of time before TSLA tech is used in SpaceX vehicles.
hope it happens
Again, its almost like you cant read...

&#x200B;

"Most steel products from China have been dumped by the USITC since the early 2000’s. The dumping penalties are so high it’s impossible to bring any of their steel into the US. Duties of 60% to 200% depending on mill and product. Section 232 really affected Turkey and other European countries more than China. Then Trump applied the 232 to derivative products (finished goods) - that is what really hit China. That may go away, but I do not believe Biden would get rid of a revenue stream that is bringing billions into US coffers when trillions will be going out in stimulus and infrastructure . I believe he keeps them for at least the next two years. Even if they were removed, it doesn’t make the steel cheaper. The tariff is a tax that is put on the goods and then 100% passed on eventually to the consumer. It has nothing to do with the cost of steel itself, which depending on product are near or at 2008 levels."
God damn darth Vader chill
He would def fingers in your ass
[deleted]
TSLA BABY
Ford to the moon
If spy goes over 390 Tesla will be way higher
Gay and banned.
I need advice: should I hold my ICLN 33 leaps or sell them and buy MARA leaps since tomorrow will likely be a red day for it
CryCoin drilling immeninent, TSLA rug pull in T minus 21 hrs
I love Cracker Barrel 😊
Some people's loyalty is to the soup kitchen
That Nio house gives off an Apple vibe. 2T market cap here we gooo!
我之前在美国住的的时候开的户。 国内买美国好像有点麻烦诶
You’re 1/2 right. People have to sell too. So there’s that I guess.

Good luck on people not buying tho as trillions of dollars are bout to be handed handed out for free...
That owl will fuck you up
Ford to the moon
Oh my god new tech???  Is it like carbon nanotubes or the Linux desktop?  A year away for the last 20 years?

Until NIO can build 1million of those batteries a year - it’s irrelevant.  Also since it’s a new battery tech there is what, 3 plus years of needing to actually collect real world data on it and it’s properties?

Again, call me when someone can produce 1 MILLION fully electric cars within a 12 month period - currently the only company that’s expected to do that is TSLA in 2021...
Same FUD, different suit. I remember all the retards that were saying NIO at $10 was a scam company and was going to $0
Don't forget Mercedes' $300 oil changes. 

Never buying that dogshit again. And the salesmen with attitudes.
Cognition is a term referring to the mental processes involved in gaining knowledge and comprehension. These cognitive processes include thinking, knowing, remembering, judging, and problem-solving

I guess this could be applied to other species but.. I really meant more just our planet and life on it
Whales and dolphins bro, read A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
I’m with you on this one. If Ryan feels comfortable buying over 9 million shares, I feel pretty good about my 5000 shares. Rome wasn’t built in a day, the there is significant room for stock price appreciation.
ICLN ain’t done yet
Ford to the moon
Just want to let u know. Something crazy on friday about the SNOW 360c so be careful shorting it
I’ve actually lowkey always thought I was minorly autistic and I was just misdiagnosed with major social anxiety
[removed]
Will ICLN 35c april print?
SRPT lurkin
head in the stock market i guess??!! need to pull it out
Keep some powder dry boys - C WOOD
I think ER is 01/28 as per multiple sources online. Nasdaq website is the only one saying 02/04 and they admit it’s an estimate.  

Amazon 📈📈📈
Find literally any spac under $12.
If you live by conscious capitalism you got played
[deleted]
是的！
国际电网 (state owned electricity company)
*slides gun underneath table*

What if, hypothetically, someone already killed him? Asking for a friend.
Yeah didn't I just read some dude pushing nio out his dick hole as if it were spitting green money cum?
Tulip and Tesla also have the same number of letters

Bubble confirmed
[removed]
Ok but we’re still more fun than r/investing r/stocks r/options and that’s what truly matters.

I assure you I’m still retarded
The one (1) comma club
[removed]
What happened
StOrE oF VaLuE  


diGiTaL gOLd
If I buy Tesla puts am I burry-ing myself with automotive?
Ban 🥭 man for more rockets.
> Mercedes, BMW, Porsche, Audi and the rest will put out beautiful products as they always do

With what batteries?
What a legend. Thanks for the effort in putting this together. It's super helpful as a data point for those of us that know little about China.
You spelled GOEV wrong
Yeah lol idk why people are gettin so worried. Now 3 -5% days in a row. Then yeah that’s a good reason to be concerned lol.
[removed]
CBRL is already traded lol. "We're gonna IPO"
When the buying stops, the drilling starts.
So what? China has much more people than the US. The growth potential is huge.
I'd normally be all in, but am done with China stocks. Risking it all in the USA.
FUCK THE CCP!
There’s a dude named meet kevin on YouTube that did  a video on this and he seems like he’s one of us autists I’d recommend checking out his NIO day video lol. He has like 500k call options going into NIO day and the shit he was saying made a ton of sense. A lot of the shit that he brought up seemed legit. I bought like 60 shares of NIO at 11$ and just sold before NIO day down to 1k left of NIO stock so I’m down for a stupid jump but the battery stuff might be a bit misleading.
I bet more than half the shit you own is from China. 😂
well if that's the case, we should be pretty fucking pleased with ourselves, because it means we are statistically likely to have already passed the Great Filter (Fermi Paradox)
Not Twitter, but these days if the President whispers something in his sleep, it gets reported on.
U y there go?
I have no idea what any of these words mean. Never traded options in my life but it sounds like you're gucci
Who is doing the majority of the charging stations in China?
What they don’t have in customer service is product expertise, so they resort to refunding you for everything which is about as good unless you never end up getting your hands on the right product.
Well I'll be damned, you're right.
3pm
[removed]
Even microsoft!

Edit: I'm all in going to sell plasma for calls
They were some bad ladies who ran from the cops.   There is a movie about them.   The ending is pretty cool.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66CP-pq7Cx0
Tomorrow morning at the open.
Keep slurping that propaganda buddy. cHiNa bAd
[removed]
互相学习对方文化 促进世界大融合：）
You fucking autist had me at "listen mutherfuckers"
I’d buy more American stocks if we could get more of our CEs arrested. Looking at you banks, pharma, cigarettes. What ever happened to those generous sacklers?
Thanks for making this post man. Really useful. NIO is definitely going on my list of stocks to look into more detail.
Have limit orders set...
Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhh shhhhhhh
How long do we have to wait until the next memestock blesses us with some fresh new tendies 😴😴
LMAOO
!Remindme  2/4/21
Seperating the wheat from the chaff, the world will be a more efficient place post corona
Positions?
Ford to the moon
Its not like they can do something about it. It aint a democracy. CCP has the upper hand on its citizens, just let em live man.
She’s hot
Besides the other ones on our planet, we might be.  Who knows.
Source/research shown for this comment: “trust me bro”
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/article-abstract/2774700

Autism linked to substance abuse - explains this sub
Are you referring to hybrid with an electric range of 50 km?

Also have you OWNED a Mercedes? You realize they are crap, right, for repairs and reliability. Also $300 oil changes.
[removed]
this gonna printttt... congrats u reatard ass bitch. next time buy 10 or above
Big disappointment...humans blow.
I agree
Genuine question, Why would you excercise otm calls to buy shares? How is this more beneficial than buying 100 at current market price?
3
I strongly caution anyone embarking on cannabis plays. Biden and the DNC, despite nearly +70% approval from general voters, wouldn’t back legalization. Biden’s plan is around decriminalization. There is a pretty big functional difference.

Why would Biden change his mind after he won? What leverage is there?
Monkey brain says SMASH buy button.
What the fuck do you mean by cognitive living species?
How is banning him from social media marginalizing everyone who voted for Trump? Never before has a President used a direct line to the people in such a way. The last 4 years have proven that wielding an immense amount of power and impulsively voicing any thought that comes into your head is not a good combination.
3
Ford to the moon
Unlikely.
ICLN or ARKG
Hope my 23/25c spread is safe
I didn’t read that fact in his DD. Once demand is met, prices drop and steel stocks plummet. Beijing Biden will let China in to help meet demand for infrastructure. I don’t see this play working past Q4
[removed]
Lol. Like Nio is news. Relax ya wanker
[deleted]
I’m not cognitive
Let’s be honest where is he gonna make such a comment


NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
国内买美股方便吗？
Sick. I’ll move 10% of my TSLA position into NIO. Cheers :)
For agriculture/food check out VERY.CN on the tsx. Huge year and trying to be Canada's Beyond Meat. Huge potential In a green, progressive government.
Ford to the moon
Better not be talking about my daddy elon
Sounds familiar like....  supercharging removed for repaired vehicle , no aftermarket parts, no manufacturer parts, forces you to buy new car every two years. Tesla
我是美国人。我学中文
I mean stocks doubled since pandemic so it’s easy to look smart
Guy makes a legit DD post, gets accused of CCP propoganda. 

Hundreds of random meme DD posts by retards, all is good.
cant wait to load up at 10 when it corrects
If it has 🚀emoji, it counts as DD
The Wu Tang told us all long ago. C.R.E.A.M.
I miss Mark 🤣
When does futures open today (pacific time zone )
Or a hole in the wall to crawl inside of and die
[deleted]
PLUG, FCEL
≈ $1mm/share assuming no more splits.
I reckon some of the millionaire acre crowd dropped some reddit currency love for those that might possibly be stuck at the poor farm
Well, anti-communist pro-freedom speeches were kind of the thing he was best at. “Shining city on a hill,” “Tear down this wall,” etc.
I LOVE MY 13,200 shares in Canoo now. I'm going to be a retard when im growing up.
FORBIDDEN
[removed]
He picks hobbies like I pick stocks
[removed]
I agree, the issue is that what has become "reasonable" tuition is still an artificially hyper-inflated student loan scam backed by the federal govt with entrenched overpaid professors selling their newly updated book and a billion dollar sport arena you have to walk past while going to your crammed, smelly 1970's lecture hall.
What if we are the only cognitive living species in the entire universe
Which dip??
Yes I believe so. The market is so big that they can coexist for many many years before they finally have to fight with each
30c 1/19 & 35c 3/19 :/
Bot and shill downvotes.
[deleted]
That’s good Shhh
[removed]
yeah i guess gp comment was a bit sensational.
I'm thinking 64-67. Then dip back to 58-60 range. Then steady climb through out the year.
Sounds like you're just new to everything, good luck tard
Fuckyou Indepdendent Retard for Ever (FIRE)
At the end of the day, it’s still cheap China made product that will never get global adoption
🖍 👨‍🚀 🚀🚀🚀🚀🪂🙋🏿‍♂️
Fuck JNUG. Gave me a heartache for a week straight.
Yeah when I know people irl that know shit all about trading and randomly make 2x returns and start telling me this shit is easy we are at the top
Liking the pump doesn't equal pro trump
[removed]
🚀 🏳️‍🌈 🐻 🐂 guh
Suq Madiq is all on it!
Why
Eom
Yeah I mean let’s just ban all women and minorities that will drive up wages too you fucking tool.
[deleted]
Lol "thanks and fuck you to"
No we fucking don't want violence. The whole point of gun legislation is to reduce violence. Your IQ is too low to trade buddy
Why? Bc its a clean energy etf?
We still here and making money. Biding our time for the bigger pamp. 

Shares and covered puts gang
Buying shit from another company is not really bullish
To the moon 🚀
Canada makes more energy, but America has a higher power output. I guess this is because the states doesn't like buying power from Canada, so they built their own, and run them at full power more of the time.
I have a magnum dong
Yeah because that makes sense
Nah
Nice try China but I already bought in
This dip better be juicy
PLTR :)
The reason why I’m sad is that, I know there’s little time to make money because as soon as Biden comes on it would go back to hard mode. So it now looks like there’s a limited window and you gotta hurry up
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/mnolen27|[WTF happened](https://redd.it/kui2ej)
/u/Protonnnn|[Lottery Tickets](https://redd.it/kui5xx)
/u/DollanBright|[DISCLAIMER VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY RETARDED QUESTION](https://redd.it/kuigmu)
/u/TricolorChutoy|[Over 20 different shares within a week](https://redd.it/kuigra)
/u/OptimusFaint|[I’m going to bite the bullet and get TSLA calls. Be ready for the crash.](https://redd.it/kuii5d)
/u/dopydon|[If you catch yourself saying "oh shit, thats gonna moon", JUST BUY IT](https://redd.it/kuijcp)
/u/-Mertez|[Thoughts on NIO](https://redd.it/kuijod)
/u/Toenumber|[Deep dive on Zanite Acquisition(ZNTE), a recently split SPAC at NAV](https://redd.it/kuin3e)
/u/tjb3232|[What's a good ETF for TSLA?](https://redd.it/kuions)
/u/IhaveahugeEGO|[Musks " Use Signal" tweet lead to the false stock getting buyed](https://redd.it/kuiqgy)
Guys here’s some dd for you. Tulips start with t and so does Tesla. We’re in a bubble it’s confirmed
Boring.. call me when she turns over.
I'm just here to try and fuck some pangolins.
Let's see new account, one post on WSB,...a handful of total posts at all, one of which is arguing with a guy who lives in china. Even the post reads less like a financial statement and more "Nio is a cult and is super amazing"

&#x200B;

I have to agree with OP here it seems like CCP pump and dump
I mean personally I sold off all of my Chinese stocks when I found out about what their doing to the Uyghurs. I just sold my Amazon when I found out their suppressing freedom of speech(not trying to make this a political discussion). Obviously bad can be found in ever company but these two things just don’t sit right with me, I’d rather support 🚀🚀TSLA🚀🚀an American company🌝💫
If u have til Friday then u have the rest of the week for some action, don’t get be so concerned yet
I dont think so dude. I really want it to hit 100 EOW, but it looks like premarket gonna around 62 to 64, then it will be drop down to 60 then bounce back. Hopefully it will hit around 70 EOW but it might drop after that.
I think it's a type of goat milk with zero nutrition
when you don't know the 1st rule of PLTR
40-50? I'd say10%
Definitely, or just use price. Stocks making new 4 week highs are probably in a medium term uptrend, if it makes a 2 week low, the momentum (path of least resistance) has shifted from upward to downward.

Also position sizing should represent your risk tolerance.
At the levels they are and the gain that we have seen how much can Tesla shares realistically go up ?
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
I’m slowly losing my mind especially with real estate going to the moon here so I’m like stuck. Idk wtf to do
[removed]
Not how that works
Not much to talk about. Its mostly sideways right now compared to tsla thats mostly vertical
You're telling me that NIO gross margins going from -12% to +13% from March to September (6 months) right after they signed over all assets to the chinese government when they were targeting 10% in 3 years is possible fraud?

I'm shocked
Defense will most likely be cut. Typically thats what democrats do, and IS what happened under the obama/BIDEN administration.
[deleted]
40-50? I'd say10%


Shhhh...



Don't forget the lifetime gift tax exclusion. It far exceeds this gain.
The loss porn is people shoveling the same amount of money you have in shares in to options, but if you've got that much confidence in this play to have that much in shares, it'd be a shame imo to not also have at least $500-$1k in June (and or August, now that Vito says August) calls on top of that.
They've done studies on it
https://9to5mac.com/2021/01/10/apple-car-hyundai-production-deal/

https://www.hyundainews.com/en-us/releases/2982
[deleted]
Cohen GameStop is also an anagram for “GET MOONS CHEAP” and “HOMO PEG ASCENT”
Fuck CCP, Ford is the going to moon. You all are underestimating ford for, Neonatal Nio . Dady ford will crush Tesla and Nio.
Correct answer, but I was hoping for more specific job titles?
It is larger than every country's though, including America's and India's
It is surely bound to fall a little after hitting ridiculous ATHs. Normal movement in a volatile vehicle
That's $3.6 post-split for the rest of you plebs.
My thoughts exactly
ICLN leaps
What exp date? Mara red means its on sale
Damn why can’t I find LGD sarms anymore rd
[removed]
[deleted]
Fuck that Apple Watch, I thought I can “invest” directly per Siri from my watch with RH and lose my money with less effort
Well Tesla’s quality is deteriorating rapidly while Hyundai and Kia are now considered to be one of the highest quality and most reliable brands
Me
Monday morning I'm buying a Jan 2022 call based solely on your post title.
True, from their press the statement made was "we've adopted" generally meaning partnered. It was a translation though so who knows 🤷
I am with you. It’s a pump and dump atleast in the short term.
I personally have resolved to not invest in any Chinese companies, because to do so is to invest in the CCP. Fuck those guys, there is more than enough money to be made elsewhere.
Wsb documentary should just be called “🚀🚀🚀”
Is it worth buying one of these? I have never options traded before but icln feels safe and somewhere I want to put my money. Have 2k to play with was thinking about a 2021 leap at $45 and maybe one at $40. Am I retarded?
I’m not a supporter of the CCP but if I lived there I probably would be too. We get fed the same propaganda in the US
riot/mara march puts
*Only your portfolio
Suddenly no one is talking about $PLTR anymore 🤔
All in GME @11, averaged up to 17, frequently adding to 1/21/22 40c position.
Just like how everyone grows tobacco plants for their cigs? You underestimate how lazy most people are.
This bubble has been in progress for years too

Really kicked up last year though when TSLA went up 800%
Unless the shitco1n recovers, we might be red hard Monday
it’s got millions and millions of users

follows a normal distribution
I have no idea how to read this, are you saying that Microsoft will be 150$ by 16.09.2022? Or that it will add to the current price 150$?
> I’d say about 40%-50

You have extremely low standards
ban
#BULLRUN 2021
Yea it’s terrible. Lol. I do agree with you though. Some good info is nice and refreshing around here.
1/15 920
Wtf Cathie! You can’t just say that in the last minute of the video!

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK-zlnUfoDHzUwXcbddtnkg
[deleted]
Wtf r u talking about, no way u get on reddit without a vpn.
So do you just have a risk tolerance for your original cost basis and set a trailing stop?
riot/mara puts correction is wayy due
Guys what are some clean energy stocks like ICLN?
What exp date?
The post was a literal copy & paste from the CNBC youtube video that was uploaded a few days ago. There was nothing original about the DD and was most likely a guy trying to pump NIO
I just saw this and didn’t even have to look at the price to know it’s not drilling. Just a minor pullback

Also, these are so volatile this is normal
SAAB had a cult like following. It’s now extinct. A cult is no use if it’s small. All that NIO house stuff just looks like a waste of money to me
They are selling EVs, but not the same kind that Tesla Nio Xpeng are selling. They are not merging tech with cars, simply selling car powered by battery
It seems like he is where he belongs.
What calls did you get?
Not for me, thanks for the advice though!
Sir this is a Wendy’s. Thanks for the dd tho, interesting read
I have a feeling its not gonna go as smoothly as people expect
Atleast it wasn’t PLTR calls at the high...
K.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lemme get this straight. You think that the President of the United States is now silenced because he can't post to social media? The President calls a press conference and every news outlet in the country stumbles over themselves to be there. Often those pressers get put on TV. What a shame that he actually has to consider what he's going to say and the potential ramifications instead of spouting whatever is on his mind while he's taking a dump.
Just you
MARA too🥲 knew I shouldn’t have bought in
Shits over. Big daddy Biden ready to stim it up
Didn’t that bubble last for years
BAN
Same. Dont know how much more I can take.
Not the same conditions
I think the guys at Sugondese have it at overweight.
动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
This will pay off
If you charge $20 per hole and $10 per hand you could realistically make around 100k working year round with only 5 hours of sleep per day.
You under a 🪨, bruh?
The App Store monopolies are going to be the first thing targeted

AAPL is already regularly sued by other companies

There is also a push to break-up FBs acquisitions
Let's start with a competent SEC... Actually let's start with an SEC chairman, don't have one of those
hello I’ve never bought stocks should I start with Nio
4/16 19c
6/18 25c

Think I’m getting more tomorrow
it is overdue for a correction, price discovery. blah blah blah institutions won’t let it

sure like they don’t let gold and silver drop a ton for no reason
i’ve already put $9K into apple so far! i was hesitant on buying nio when it was at $40 so i don’t wanna miss out again!
what are our strikes men?
Overthrowing *communist* countries.
I’m a male model
Suck it bear
I think he meant 50x positive not negative
Your charting is interesting gotta get some familiarity with how you chart. 👍
Precise. To the point. And understandable. gg.
That’s not what people mean by investing aggressively when you’re young. Lmao go crazy with 5-10%, put the rest into VTI/VXUS. You’re telling me you can put 50% into stock picking and beat algos in the long run? You’d be a Goldman Sachs executive.
where do i find that?
I don't care if NIO is from China or Uganda.

I'm here to make money.
Seen screenshots of it on Twitter taken from Parler
Always has been.
Tried that already and smoked on spy puts. Worst decision I made in 2020.
Reminds of the story from 1929 where Joe Kennedy was getting his shoes shined. The boy began to give stock tips as he polished Kennedy's oxfords. ... Supposedly, he pulled out not long before the stock market crash, which led to what we know today as the Great Depression.
rooster* hao, cause there are only cocks on this moon ride 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Monday red! Everything red!
10% gains this week... expect this to be a weekly occurrence this year
Thanks for responding after it has bounced bac up by like $700 lol.
Because the OP is an idiot.  Most GME longs are not only playing the short squeeze.  The weekly FD players who keep getting raped may have that outlook.  Those of us playing the long term value play keep making more money.  GME is a value play which is why tards on WSB cannot comprehend it.  GME returned 225% in 2020.  It is not TSLA or NIO..... but that is not too bad.  Most of the haters are just pissed they missed it.
“Here’s reason #438 why GME will go up - this time with more rocket ships”
I got into X at about a $15 cost basis. What is the overall sentiment on the steel industry with a Dem controlled Congress/White House?
How much of the general public do you think are actually attractive? I’d say about 40%-50%, then consider what portion of those people would use reddit. 

So I’d say maybe like 15%.
Great way to break a shaft
I need to read Thiel. Thanks for the tip. Sort of figured this out on my own some years ago, but it's becoming more and more obvious. It will only work as long as everyone figures it's a bad idea, though.

You wouldn't happen to be willing to share some prospective ideas for the next generation of disruptive companies? I have some ideas, but none of them are publicly traded. The Boring Company, OpenAI (capped at 100x investment), Stripe. Stripe has most of the explosive growth behind them, though.
Get on the steel bandwagon. March and June calls. MT, CLF, VALE. 

Or get in green energy. TAN, ICLN, ACES.
We have to wait to get additional details.  Report has indicated that NIO has been working on solid state battery and has partnered up with another battery company (not CATL).
My riot calls monday are fucked... :(
Has been for awhile
Gl, letting u know there are tons of other Chinese on this sub. I think.
hard to hold a position for 20 years especially if it’s life changing money
Age of empires - conqueror expansion 2
You’re dumb as fuck and anyone who listening to this trash is just as dumb. 1/6th of their revenue?? Last time I looked into this company (2018) the only profit they made was on those fucko pops and Pokémon cards, and that was 13k a store. They made 13k a store, and that was their ONLY profitable metric. They bleed over a billion a year. Have you considered the reason they have no competitors is because all their competitors were bought out or died when GameStop was relevant, and now it’s on its dying legs?
Had 280p 1/15 sold on wednesday up +3700 then my dumbass decided to put another $2500 into 210p 1/15 (assuming there was gona be a sell off) now im down $2500 but still up $1200
Lmfao. What the hell does that last part even mean. Brb oiling up my heater as we speak. I ain’t really on a side rn I’m very skeptical of both sides at the moment.
I just heard this morning about a person who says with confidence they know nothing about trading that made 2 fold returns in the last month.

We are in a pre-2000 like bubble and this bitch is about to burst.
[deleted]
Fuck you, I‘m in!!!🚀🚀🚀
Back in my day we bought calls on $drys
I see in your list of EV auto makers you don't list GM.

What  do you think about GM's position in China as far as EV's?  They sold the most of anyone....
is trump leader of a cult now?
You might actually be right about this one. I work in digital marketing and that is exactly what I would do. Hell, the account is less than a day old.
What?
Hnnnnng i am so hard right now.
No you're fine- downwards pressure is not coming to haunt GME - it is as strong as an ox
What are the chances that Amazon, apple, FB get hit with anti trust lawsuits before the 20th? They can ban trump & parler and say they are a private business so they can do what they want, but argument isnt really valid if they are government allowed monopolies
Between the claim itself and fucking up the ticker, this is just beautiful
Longs are deep in profit, but half this sub buys weeklies so a 20% drop is a -100% investment for those kids.
I’ll take that for sure
Perfect ty
Nah just a masters for the data science thing. Which I should be studying for right now, but am on reddit.

EDIT: the UC Berkeley MIDS program is a recruiting ground for amazon and other silicon valley companies. Worked with someone who just graduated and said they got several offers. Sadly I wasn't cool enough to get into that program.
Probably shares are best if you want to just hold it long term. You could also buy just OTM calls and buy the shares that way. Also depends how much capital you have..
"Nio cars are everywhere!" [if you happen to live above the NIO houses in Beijing and Shanghai]
I'm serious. Never average down, always buy and add on the way up.
Uranus
This is a new level of stupid, even for WSB.
As a married man, please make sure that any woman you are with understands basic math. My wife is constantly telling me to take everything out of my portfolio and start back at $100. So now I just tell her the portfolio is about 1k, instead of 60k.
[removed]
liquidated mine at $41k so i could double down on my SLV losses on Friday

i’m either 🤡 or 🧠
[deleted]
Waiting til Tuesday then
You are right, but he’s not the only one acquiring. You are also right and the charts are what really got me looking. I think this is a steal as a common and also $15 Jan 2022 calls. Look at all the OI from April on at $12 or $15 calls.
Your paint skill is fine, but the resolution and scaling on your text clips are terrible.

I can't read shit on your image!

Edit: But regarding GOEV and AAPL, I'm really not sure. This is beyond rumors, basically just theory crafting at this point.
$36
You may be educated but you are not smart
I've been there and somehow it's worse. There are people talking about using motley fool for "stock picks".
[You and your dad? ](https://images.gutefrage.net/media/fragen/bilder/ich-stehe-voll-auf-lederhosen-wie-und-wo-kann-ich-diesen-fetisch-ausleben/0_original.jpg?v=1526734547000)
As an investor in the company, it is important information to know. Nio does not have claim to this battery, it'll be shared with much larger and more established brands. I agree that they should not in this moment be allocating funds in resources and should focus on building the brand. Don't be a Nio defender just because you have money in them, be critical of your investments.
*meme goal
You belong.
Chill no it’s not
Sounds like NIO will have a Model 2 for $20k soon after that.
Some people are so rich they make so much from dividends it becomes completely meaningless

What is $15k per day to Bezos?
SRPT MAR19 calls
TSLA/SPY puts
It’s all the rockets 🚀 🚀 🚀
ICLN eow predictions?

To the moon or Mars? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Anyone invested in LIGMA?
I got that degree behind the dumpster
I feel like Reddit is probably large enough to approximate average distribution at this point
My Mara fucked in the morning🙃
Who here has huge balls and owns Tesla puts
Long term Chinese market. Shares is a long term play. Options short to medium term. My less you play leaps. I have a 2/19 60c. So short to medium. Wish I had grabbed a few of them
lol most people struggle to grow anything decent.  It takes a fair amount of dedication and knowledge to do it well, which most people don't want to spend the effort or time on.  Outdoor in a garden produces mediocre weed, many people desire the best since it appears and taste so much better than average stuff.  Some countries / states may not even allow people to grow cannabis legally at home
$AIRBNB 1000 EOW
Ups gonna go on a run either this week or next. Earnings for the holiday season on the 28th
glorious repeat of 9/11
[deleted]
5-10% down isn’t even close to drilling. That’s an average swing. If it starts going 20% down, that’s closer to drilling.
I seriously need a 10-50x play soon. The fomo and regret is killing me.
Could just be collateral like everyone else, CCP doesnt care where it gets the money.
If you guys missed NIO why don't you just hop on other EV stock like LI, XPEV? these will jump and ride along with NIO
I always have to do so much work on the weekends to make up for staring at my tickers M-F.
Somebody missed the train ☹️
Does this count as DD?
[deleted]
Absurd unless you are becoming an MD - in which case you will pay them off quickly if you are in a specialty or surgical
Wow! I’m for this, because I believe the stock will double this year. Biden agenda will drive clean energy!
Buy tomorrows dip
I posted a stupid piece of DD on Twitter using thre $NIO and few other EV stock tag. I got messaged by bot about bullish news on them.
>QYLD

Whats QYLD ?
I would add that he wants to replace our 500,000 school buses with EV ones. Lion Electric holds I believe 60% of the business in those. N.G.A. 💎💎💎💎
Ia it possible to direct your 401k to not invest in certain markets or countries?
Growing the plant isn't hard. Getting a decent enough amount of high quality flower is. There's a fair amount of knowledge and work involved.
Nice try m8, i dont trust communist spies.
Its not looking good OG
Lol finally that 100k Hyundai I was looking for!
You mean you're not ready for Wednesday???!
Wtf you talking about?  Go check the sales number of Nio in 2019 and 2020 right now
How many Reddit users do you guys think are actually attractive. Keep in mind a large part of Reddit is porn
How did you get from $40K to $400K in what appears to be one day in July.  You promise that wasn’t a deposit?
EOW pleas, EOW pleas
Unless you’re approved for it you’re not gonna be allowed to have a stop loss on your shares that are involved in a covered call, it could put you in a naked call position.
Nothing like a nice Sunday morning GUH

Fucking hell
Shut up. I mastirbate and rub Funkos on my crotch every night!
Just broke even on BABA Friday and plan to get rid of that shit asap on Monday. Could you imagine Bezos just disappearing?
x2 NIO $60c 1/15 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Me three
NIO’s valuation is 1/9 of Tesla.  It is growing faster than Tesla.  If NIO becomes profitable within 1-2 years then that is going to put pressure on Tesla’s valuation.
They’ve been one of the best quality and most reliable cars of the last few years.
YOOOOOOOO
Stock price is about dogshit right now. Stonks are about how memeish a stonk is. 

Ev bottleneck is loading infrastructure you funny
Retard. Building a stupid ev is no magic!

You soud like an elon musks hairy ballsack licking cultist.
Then go to r/investing and hang out with the rest of the virgins
This is why Nio needs to do a cross listing on a Chinese exchange. Granted, a lot of wealthier Chinese are already able to invest on US exchanges, but not all can. Having the company's stock directly available to it's cult consumer following is going to explode it similar to how Tesla's cult consumer following continues to explode Tesla on US exchanges.
Yea fuck no i made a comment relevant to this post on that thread. Stay away from it either way. Funding Wallstreet is one thing, but even it NIO doesnt get fucked like luckin your funding the CCP
yay
“Government support”

More like government partnership. 
As soon as a business becomes a bit too successful, the government automatically becomes a partner
Hardly
To top it off, he admitted that TSLA was the “badge of honor” in China, while trying to pump NIO? Very strange.
Pretty sure most people here likes NIO and that guy just provided confirmation bias.
Just holding about 50 shares from ipo but I like this
I could see Apple purchasing an EV company. They have plenty of cash on hand
Yea we'll see 😅 my stepmom works with (not for) the IRS and tried scaring me off by saying if I did that I'd end up owing a shit ton on my next tax return before she knew anything about the credit
Just cut your losses bro
Wendy’s management program
ICLN Leaps
A good friend of mine is trying to buy her first home right now, and it is almost impossible. Houses are selling for 15% higher than asking price the day they're listed. Meanwhile, my wife and I are wondering if we should consider selling our first house a few years early because we can likely make a huge profit. Don't really know what to do.
I got leaps RKT 1/23 $30 for 4.75
Honest noob question, i want to get into the NIO train. Ive seen our fellow wsb brothers are going to buy it but what exactly? Shares or calls? I am interested in calls, but is it better to buy for the long term or short term? I was thinking of buying long term. Any help would be appreciated!
Hookers and Cocaine
por que no los dos
Damn I wish my grandparents could die again but this time I get money
[removed]
I really hope this swings back in your favour bro.
We will rename this sub to r/sinobets
damn stupid but have an upvote
What are we thinking for Nio this week?
As long as i'm making money, i'll let CCP infiltrate my asshole if they wanted to
I think it's my only option with CELH lol
DaFuck?
Anti CCP retards please feel free to short this stock. Put your money where your mouth is 😂
That’s why all the posts with any DD said buy shares or LEAPs. Any retards buying short dated options is on them for their autism.
Haha fair. But some of the people buying Tesla calls are actually this dumb lolol. Can never be sure.
Nio and AAPL
It would be best to announce it during earnings report.

Last time he said no and people gave him flak for doing it afterwards. 

After ER it’s going to go back down a little bit anyway, might as well include that in there and then. 🚀🚀🚀
There’s a reason you invest aggressively when your young and not a shriveled 🌈🐻

I gave no strategies on how he should invest his money, if he wants to go all in and not dollar cost average that’s not on me. 😀👍
TSLA put holders, how confident yall feeling about tomorrow?
[deleted]
yeah because u lefties want violence so u can take the guns, or worse. whitened sepulchers
Yes, Tencent has a sizable stake in Reddit
[Look’s bad on iPhone.](https://i.imgur.com/822M2ae.jpg) Maybe that’s just me
The co1n absolutely drilling.
Any job in which you’re just a cog in the machine and can fly under the radar while getting paid what the software engineers get paid or more.  This is the way.  A non-technical program manager for example.
[removed]
So why not just pre-order on Amazon?
The scary part is how it can’t be halted. One day it’s just going to drill to hell and nothing will stop it lmao
Well the real nasty ones have always been in the dark corners waiting for their time in the spotlight. It wasnt until the past 5-10 years that our grandmas and uncles began reading 4chan fear propaganda right off their facebook timelines.
so what if she sounds like a turkey being rolled down a hill in a giant hamster wheel when she opens her gullet
ICLN
Grandma inheritance converted into TSLA tomorrow
Hmmmm sounds so yummy 😋
The guy must be surrounded by leeches
Stimi hopes and Biden giving clean energy more money =moon.
I honestly don't understand option contracts at all
what people. where did you read this?
Yea this is terrifying
MAX EUPHORIA. STONKS CANT GO DOWN! BUY BUY BUY!
got $5000 do i fomo into tesla or nio
20% is like a good 10 minutes idk how these ppl reach for 8-10% a year
So this is the new WSB pump? Nice
Be careful.
McDonald’s or homemade?
The TSLA bulls and bears seem to be split 50/50 which means flat day tomorrow.
“Ain’t nothing gay about getting your dick sucked. You’re the one that’s gay for sucking my dick. In fact creeps me out just being around you”. BIGBOB
I’m going with NIO leaps. As further as it goes.
[deleted]
You literally said not demand side driven in your first comment.  This dudes full of shit
It started out with 25 shares, it dipped and I doubled. I somehow have 350 shares avg. price $14.50 now. Regrets... none.
It was betting though. Not investing. Literally in the name.
Wtf is that noise coming out of your body? Can someone do a safety check on OP?
Which is where a ton of WSB resides
What program?
No Ine likes buying Tesla calls at high prices like myself, Wednesday they are like half off snd affordable and will most likely move more
Fuck you! She’s a nice lady!
Or maybe a Bahamian soup kitchen?
Can confirm, am up *bigly*
mad sus
Damn food for thought. I'm in college rn without any student loans, just hoping to get ahead with some long term (3/4years) lucky stock picks to help stand on my own two feet. Thanks for the reply
Forgive me for being late to the party, but I would love a NIO dump on Monday so I can fomo my way in
Wow all of your info the exact same as the YouTube video from CNBC what a coincidence. Ni Hao retard
That’s up to you, sounds like kind of a messy situation; but yeah, if you file before they claim you, you should be able to. Good luck!
[deleted]
Thanks for the reply, after doing a quick google seems there is a lot for me to learn and read.
I looked at fcels all time stock price and they used to be over 2k a share and used to be 20 cents a share, whats the explanation there?
Ban this idiot
Someone tell me where to put my stimulus!
i’m listening...
Imagine having 40k in student loans

Oh wait that’s me 😂 and I will finish my program with 350k in loans
It's an etf bruh
He may say that but the actions of the company do not reflect that kind of strategy focus, it seems he’s trying to be all things to everybody which is a recipe for mediocrity. Throw in the additional risk of the CCP stepping in and the concern about Chinese digital espionage... you have a product that can only thrive in its domestic market which means the brand will never have the same name cache as foreign luxury competitors. Musk actually taking more of the BMW / Apple approach by being a luxury brand that demands a premium while segmenting out discount customers with cheaper versions of the cars for those who just want the badge. This is why Chinese companies always have trouble competing against American companies... they tend to try and copy their foreign competitors without understanding the strategy they’re copying. Then they try to be everything to everybody and have to get propped up by the CCP to be a cost leader, it’s a vicious cycle. 

Plus you just can’t take Chinese business reporting at face value. Chinese-based companies carry that additional risk. They can be delisted at any time. Look at what happened with NKLA and they’re a domestic company... why would anyone assume NIO is being honest?
No demand?  Global gdp growth set at 4% this year vs negative.  Ok genius lets see
I bought Nio in 2018 for $9 a share and paperhand sold for a loss at $6.12
[deleted]
This is what "they" want. They want division and for the other side to break and become violent. That is where they will come for our rights - just like they did with covid it requires an excuse/reason
Even if your conspiracy theory is true this is no different than the hedge fund pump and dumps you see here everyday.
I suppose he was more into overthrowing other countries and arresting black people for drugs or anything.
Where are the rockets ? 🚀 🚀 🚀
[deleted]
bruh come on
Not yet, but I think it may be my next move. Is this a smart call?
Holding a $20 GOEV call
Why do people keep mentioning Wednesday in relation to Tesla? Is something going on?
Thanks, I need all the WD I can get, and the concentrated version is even better
[deleted]
Ah yes taking financial advice from a 19 year old. There’s a difference between moving thousands and $60 from your McDonald’s paychecks. If you’re stock picking, you’re betting on that company to beat the market. You should only be doing that with money you can afford to lose. Pretty sure you’d be devastated losing 50% of your money.
This is due to delays in vaccine supply
So i looked up the chart for csgo on steam charts and it looks like its (somehow) picking up ‘steam’. We may be on to something here folks.
General Electric?
[deleted]
How are you days gains the same as total gains? I smell a fish and I cant even smell because of covid.
He's moreso touching the issue of Reddit being infiltrated/taken over by bots pushing an agenda opposed to the DD itself.
I haven't seen "GUH" in forever. That wasn't even that long ago. JNUG almost feels ancient.
Most people are entirely unaware of the bot and shill presence on social media platforms.
Lol that’s uncalled for
America number one! USA USA USA 🇺🇸
Chinese people actually buy Tesla over NIO, because it's also made there and the brand prestige is way way higher.
That was great dd and I'm going to buy shares, you did good 👍
I don’t think GME 🤤🐂’s realize there’s a million better ways to make money out here
Is there a fine line between being high functioning and autistic? One man's autist is another ones savant.
Your so mucho smarter than the rest of us
The short term it’ll be fine, probably some more euphoric buying, but when that’s done, and it stops only going up, it’s going to get super ugly
Motherfucker.  Got me
Vale. 

Remember - you can't build rockets without steel. 

🚀
The craziest part is that there are a lot of good state universities offering reasonable tuition for good education. 

There’s a powerful feeling that quality is directly related to price, though. Too many people will dismiss cheaper options because they’re cheaper, ironically.
Niice. Thanks for taking the time this is very helpful and validates my understanding of the economics of it. I guess via etrade and a little practice, I need to figure out the mechanics, how to execute the purchase and selling of it etc.
2020 NIO vehicles sales are literally half of 2019

Under the same climate (the Covid excuse), Tesla sales increased YoY globally and especially in China.

How do you explain the divergence of the trends?
[removed]
2023
See I thought Indie Semiconductor had the most to gain from this as they make the majority of apply car play chip sets. I’ll let you figure out their SPAC ticker and you can count that as DD...
Not selling my Tesla shares until we reach 1 quadrillion market cap
Don’t forget about the Vaporeons.
Well GME and CRSR are doing equally bad at the moment. He can still get back in GME. Not really a loss for him.
Only average up. This is the way.
"OMFG it can't keep doing this!!!" 😂😂😂
💦😩
Trolling. This is WSB
To the Yueliang!
Ban
Is anyone deep in Vale calls? I’m thinking of opening more positions for Jan 2022
VT, VTI or VOO
This is the way
Someone ban this dipshit
Sure
AAPL’s is better
I had the tv on Extra’s show mansions and millionaires and it said one hotel was $15K a night. I’d rather stay home and blow it on options
Yeah it only makes sense if you’re willing to exit. He would have hopped off this train earlier and regret not getting back on.

 Now is a great time to pocket some money and sell calls on the rest.
CLF is domestic steel.  That 2-4 trillion dollar stim infrastructure is going to them and x mainly.  Its all about US.

Browns are legit this year.
YOU are mutilingual, WE are not, we only understand 🚀 and brrr
Godspeed and good luck
They are the easiest thing to gift right now. God bless them.
Yep going all in on 35s
Plural. 5 by 2030.
So I lived with my parents for 9 months of 2020 and payed all of my bills but rent because they new I was moving in September for trade school. I worked and made a decent chunk of money and got a second job once I was fully independent. Would I still qualify? I'm pretty sure they plan on claiming me because they got pissy when I mentioned this. If I do qualify, do I just have to file before them? I know it's kind of a dick move but they also kind of fucked me over this year in respect to moving so as bad as it sounds I wouldn't feel too bad about it.
There's going to be a bunch of autists speaking mandarin and english in a year.
Blue hair chicks scare the shit out of me. Especially when they fat like damn they unstable
We gotta bump these numbers up boys
Can you @ me as well once he tells you.  Kk, thx.
Vale

And anything metal.
What's a safe index fund ?
God...
I’d there a chance for both TSLA and NOO to coexist and survive in China for the next 1-3 years?
Wait the market tanked on the 12th but had a nice run up in Feb. What am I missing?
[removed]
Unpopular opinion... Gonna buy Tesla Put 245, January 22.
Its Identical to VLDRs 3 month Chart. Im gonna look for buys around $12.25
Me too😔😠
True
I'm going to be generous and assume you're making trolling; but in the case you aren't, I was referring to the scalability of production capacity. Production doesn't grow linearly. It takes significantly more/different resources to build 1M+ than it does to make 500k.
but big lord autismo elongated mooskcat says moon for tsla
Either I’ll be broke or rich. All in
Sorry, I don't have any of either
Puts, wtf man.  Maybe around $1200 try it, but not when its so close to $1k.
lol just watched the co1n drill $400 in seconds. That shit is volatile as fuck.
You know there is an after hours market and may start the dip during the webcast? But I agree, Tuesday the media outlets will have anything on the talk come out at 4-7am
Think short term is capped at 37%, I was just using the long term of 20% out of habit
TSLA FD or NIO leaps
Oh lmao I can’t read. I’m going into my next play with both of the last 2
Fuck the CCP
He wants a chunk
Tesla has so many opportunities ahead of it. If robotaxis come through it’s a 4 trillion mrkt cap
[deleted]
Thinking of getting some 15c
[deleted]
Starting the race late doesn't necessarily mean you'll ever catch up. It's a bad assumption people are making.

Tesla, already ~$120-140 kwh for their packs. Everyone else is closer to $200. GM is targeting $100 by 2023. Tesla is targeting $60 and already has their pilot line operational.
Hey I’d rather have these accounts on Twitter or in the open where we can monitor them than pushed into secretive WhatsApp groupchats and stuff. 

The fbi has already proven they can’t even monitor Twitter and Parler successfully
When we talk about bills 6inch sub, we ain’t talking about subway
this guy is an anime character
So we just pumping into icln and then resume tesla moon mission Wednesday?
As a Tesla bull, I’m enjoying the run but I am not delusional.

Seeing shit like this scares me.

https://twitter.com/johnnacrider1/status/1347617394848624641?s=21
Are you, me?
Yea about to buy my first place for single filing it’s $7500 for married is $15000 tax credit. On paper it sounds good but it only pushes up housing prices further increasing already hot demand
Sir, this is a casino.
Ban.
Go to the lav while everybody's getting in their seats. Takes at least 15 min to close the doors unless you're the last one on
:(
There have been some real gems in the past. Most recent I remember is some dude posted like a 12-pack of stocks his TA said should crush the week - 10 of 12 did nothing all week. 1 dropped.  The last was up 1-2% end of week. Pretty sure random selections would’ve worked better.
When is the wall street bets movie launching on Netflix?
FS you Americans love to make out everything is a conspiracy
The downvotes this comment has verifies your statement.
Ha ha, you fool, You've fallen for one of the classic blunders! Never put on a mean reversion trade against a retard strength momo stock!
Applied for a 5k student loan, still waiting for the check. 🚌🚌
Too many people ready to buy the dip for it to crash
动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 劉曉波动态网自由门
Vale has a price target 22-24 
Mt up to 39 probably June to hit these nunbers
I’m new to this. Can you explain why it’s a better play percentage wise to exercise the options? I thought there was always more money to be made by selling the contracts? 

Let’s say this company doubles in the next two years....what’s the better play...

- keep buying medium term calls and rolling
- buy leaps
- exercise calls 

With a small bank roll what’s the best play? Any wisdom would be appreciated
How is that gay? He's clearly a chick
you will literally be the wojak teary eye anger meme
So you’re tell us there is still a a chance to win big?
nah... california just did 1.5 bil deals for evs and biden coming up with 2 trill plan.
Idk man sounds kinda gay
I said playing lol. A 10 bagger is very rare. I’m usually happy to get 20-50% gains. The 10 bagger typically comes in an overnight gap up. Or extreme patience and the willingness to lose the entire bet
Are you new to this sub? Everyone on here is biased with an agenda . Our only loyalty is to our wallet
so why are  the GME boys then always talking about their savior Cohen ?
I could’ve sworn the original post was a dude saying to both sides....and not to rub it in each other’s faces. 

Either way, Wish you tendies bruh.
CEO
[deleted]
anyone ready for Queen Traitor Janet Yellen to be the guardian of our empty treasury?
[removed]
Where can you buy NIO options?
Bought apple at $27, sold sometime around $85. Fuck me.
[removed]
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
:(
Tim Apple is coming for Elons crown
It’s honestly kind of depressing knowing that a simple 20% gain on an options play has already exceeding years of some people’s “investing”
Wish my NIO $80 Jan 08 calls that expired worthless were for just one more week out 

Got $25 PSTH for next Friday though that should do alright
Naw 40
IBKR Lite offers commission-free trading but is not (yet) available to Europeans. There are fees for stock trading, see [here](https://www1.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=1590&p=stocks1). IBKR only supports Wire/SEPA transfers (at least for us Europeans).

It might be advisable to open multiple broker accounts with different brokers so you can trade the products you want to trade using the broker with the lowest fees for it.
We’ve all been saying $25-$30 June calls anything else is a gamble
Bears will be extinct soon
I thought that’s only for losses, to prevent purposeful loss claims on a stock you plan on holding still.
I’m theta gang :) jk otm tsla calls tmmrw open
[deleted]
Correct me if im wrong. If the options would have gone the other way round, you would have lost all you money? 

So Options : Either u make a shit load of money or lose it all?
I don’t blame you. Iirc Steve Jobs was at Pixar still and no one new how well this iPod thing was going to do a few years later. People say you were dumb but there was not Steve Jobs to back up Apple
Double negative = 🚀 right?
Have daughter's. They love mfkn Funko Pops...GME is still fuk.
Who actually reads a physical paper these days?

Boomer?
[deleted]
They wont be
Yeah the cool thing is now you can still piss the $10k away and enjoy it!
T$
after super successfull NIO day? Ahahahaha, man, you should make a calculated decision, instead of telling market what to do, just go long
Just started listening to Schiff recently. Scared the shit outta me saying there’s a market crash incoming any day but then kinda just realized he’s a wack job too
It’s so sad hearing from friends who haven’t grown from high school and keep talking about the “good old days.” It’s as if they peaked as a teenager. 

After going thru college and now in my late 20s, I’ve had a lot of fun times, and life has only gotten better. High school hasn’t compared at all.
Im not gay but 

I wouldn’t mind a blowie from James charles
Top is in folks
Welp that’s all the DD I need a China man says go for it I guess I’ll follow.
Must be new here. Tsla calls
G hiv
Just looking for my hourly confirmation bias that says my TSLA puts will be okay
[deleted]
Psth
tsla 1/29 any strike price. and walk away
[deleted]
Doesn’t it get kinda repetitive? Probably one of those jobs you do for a few years to get your career going
are u going for an oscar?
No worries man. At this point, I think all the bears and FUD for Tesla are just doing it out of spite. 

It has survived its initial infancy stage and going stronger than long time traditional car makers.

Take Volvo for example, only 700K total sales vs TSLA 500K.

US market share of 0.76 vs 1.56 of TSLA.
Oh fuck off and stop drinking
Cathie Woods and another huge fund manger say it could 3x this year.
TIGR is one of the few brokerages that allow Chinese to trade American stocks so it’s kinda like the robinhood of China with more niche user base.
Free speech is "alt-right"
This is the way
I’ve gone from 3k to 29k in the past 2 weeks entirely from ICLN so maybe I’m too optimistic. I just mean playing long calls and staying loyal to certain consistent stocks instead of jumping on each trend and risking losses
[removed]
God please let me know when will the market crash
TSLA is aid
I saw a dude turn like 250k into 4 million buying puts. But he kept buying them, and JPOW turned his account to $0 within like a month
I get you, bud. But to me, it's all a matter of perspective and choice on how you wanna deal with your demons (haters). The most mature way is either you do what you just said, ignoring them and moving on, OR, rise up to the challenge and prove them wrong. Not all criticisms are "hatin'", some are constructive enough to tell you what really is wrong, and to me, that's better than being liked for continuing what is mediocre  or wrong.
What's so "safe" about mutual funds. Their fees rip you off
Keep your conspiracies straight. Half the time I hear that Chinese ADRs are a shell scheme and the CCP doesn’t want foreign investment (literally retarded) 

But now what, the CCP is pumping stocks? To increase foreign investment and influence?

Do they want to reign BABA in, do the want to pimp NIO out? Sure, of course there are shills are Reddit, but the fear mongering is strong too
Maybe it’s both.
Only down 3% on it I watched it Friday dip to -40% then up to 40% so we will see
Anyone else take out a loan and use the capital for extra leverage yolo plays? Did that shit on Tesla
Betsy invoked the silent rule bc all those words she doesn’t know intimidate her, kind of like the English language.
NIO is shite. Fake stock
Palin hella freaky
Millennials better insist their parents get long term care insurance now or they will really be in trouble in 25 years when their parents need $25000-$30000 each month for nursing home and assisted living care.
YAINT as retarted as we torque
If CCP cares too much on you retards, they will let Ant IPO go as planned. 

They will lionize Ma as a savior of their crippling economy. 

Just because some autists wrote home about NIO doesn't mean shit on his association with CCP.

It's like you're claiming someone who glamorize TSLA to be some form of African inflitration because Elon was originally from South Africa.
I'm not selling anything before 700, but if you aren't that confident and want to get out even with small profit close when you can, because you are right this stock is driven by insanity and it could go to 2k before crashing/correcting.
[removed]
I was thinking Code Red Mountain Dew as well, you know...for hardcore gamer hydration powers.
[removed]
YAINT as retarted as we torque
This is fake news
Just realised last March was Bear March, this March is Bull March.
Okay u/notccpbot I see you in your alt account.
[deleted]
!remindme 16 hours
I got 5K to make it back from a 7K loss last week. Desperately need a play. Anyone. Anyone. Anyone that can help. I love you.
I agree, but tesla has skyrocketed continually. At some point it's going to reach it's plateau. I would have thought awhile ago but I'm clearly wrong. Nio has much more potential growth ahead. 

Chinese are more likely to buy Nio vehicles, because it's made there and will be more available. Eventually nio will break into the us and sell here as well, just like honda, toyota, and other car makers in the past. Both routes are the future. But I for one won't underestimate china's initiative and means of production. 

When it comes to future tech, combined with carbon emissions curve, china isn't afraid to go all in.
This is fake news
those are my people
Think short term is capped at 37%, I was just using the long term of 20% out of habit
SirJackALot?
Same, thought it'd drop to $9.85 again
Unless you hate getting free money. 

Here's some stats. 


Feb options 

Put Volume Total7,990

Call Volume Total156,381
F
I'm 33. I started at 19 working as a building engineer. Think like a maintenance technician for skyscrapers. Did that for 11 years, learned the trade, applied myself all that jazz, then I moved to a data center type environment which is head and shoulders above normal building engineering as far as criticality goes. That was about four years ago. Then just now I accepted a position as a facility manager. Outta this blue collar finally. During all this I went to school from one to three classes a semester and will finally graduate with my bachelor's this spring.

Its not all roses and sunshine. It's pretty damn hard, but I mean I am where I am and it's a good place. I'd rather be here than have shit just handed to me and I'd definitely rather have endured all that than be my age with no skill, no wife, no house, no job and no story living in my mom's basemant complaining about my situation on the internet. 

If college is not for you, I highly recommend learning some kind of trade. Learn some basic electrical, or hvac - those guys make a killing, know how to use a computer in and out, and you can make it. The trades are where it's at. I can't tell you how many idiots I know who I've worked with over the years who wouldn't last a day in school but make well over 6 figures.
Buy 7500 shares, sell 75x February 19 $165 call. There's no open interest but bots will fill you at let's just say an average of 1.50 per contract. That's $11,250 of premium collected. If it gets called away, then you just made a lot of money on the underlying.
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kdo4i5/mt_upgraded/gfyu1ex
[removed]
Keep bending, but face away please...
No, it’s an objectively true statement about the demographics of their customer base. Best estimates are that roughly 87% of their customers are white, an incredibly high number. And almost 70% of Teslas are bought by men, your retarded “hurr durr I know a girl who bought a Tesla” anecdote notwithstanding. 

If you can’t even google shit for yourself, I can’t be arsed to do it for you. But it’s somewhat amusing for you to call people “full of shit” because what they’re saying doesn’t align with some anecdotal evidence you think you may have observed.
For the wife
Don’t have kids and don’t have a car payment.
I wonder how many people on this sub actually know what delta and theta mean...
Two words: Luckin Coffee

OR 

Jack Ma

This ladies and gentlemen is why you don't touch Chinese stocks.
I’m assuming you think because TSLA will rise it’ll bring NIO with it...cause otherwise you’re a true retard lol
Good luck soldier
No, you buy the game *from* GameStop and resell it on Craigslist for 80-90% of what you bought it for.

Or you can buy it digitally and never resell it ever.
And the dog’s cat
Don't be so impressionable
Her daughter who kept getting pregnant is hot too.  I wouldn’t pull out either.
Check out s 0 s it chinese but has some bigtyme potential. Options cheap af rn also
Buying Tesla at a 94% discount. I masturbate to the thought.
Plenty of autists here. It's the retard population that is dying off.
Aye! I like this guy
in @ 50 gonna DCA upward hoping for a red monday
Never use TA by itself. 

Fucking never.
G HIV 3 month chart is beautiful. Something even Picasso couldn’t paint.
CoffeeAndClen... 🤔🤫
I hope you’re  right.
Getting stoned and watching playoff football all day so tomorrow morning comes here faster 😂
Who’s praying bro 😎
Don’t dance is something you say to bears. 

I’m not bearish. I deserve to dance.
It’s already priced higher than Honda in terms of market cap and they sell like 5K cars
“Live your Life as if a documentary crew is filming at all times” 

David Attenborough: *and here we see the sad lonely retard gambling his life away and attempting to reproduce asexually, truly tragic*
🍉
Should have bought nio calls last week.
Exactly why I keep track of my spending and saving each week. I sound like a boomer but my dad was always horrible with spending and now that I live on my own it’s a constant fear.
To the moon 🚀
I don’t think GME 🌈 🐻 ‘s realize that we know that GameStop sucks ass. We’re here for the short squeeze, not because we give a fuck about the company lmfao.
ICLN gonna hit 35 tomorrow
[deleted]
The CCP are all over reddit, it's them and a few idiots who are doing the downvoting.
Also, I've been meaning to re-watch Incorporated that aired on the SyFy network a few years ago. If big company dystopian sci-fi is your style.
hit or miss. 

A lot of these guys who get fame for calling 08 have broken clock syndrome. 

See Peter Schiff. 

But Burry is not someone to dismiss, just saying he’s also not a demigod of market perfection.
If you averaged down that 6.66 area was great support and accumulation zone. They kept selling the open to buy millions of shares, only using 400k to start a selloff to shake people out. Kinda fucked but I got a sick avg and I’m completely green on my positions
Thank you
Which SPAC is Pornhub getting on?
Kinda??
👀 CELH
Yee I wish I bought more. Literally my first investment ever and I bought 40 shares for $9... wish I yolo’d:(
Jesus... its like they teach you how to speak the languate of the enemy white man by, by, ya know... UNDERSTANDING HIM.  But they didn't expect the sweet sweet nectar of his autisticness to tempt you from the path of the CCP!

Nice DD my eastern retard!!!  Insights are appreciated.
That’s better
Were you here in march? Cause that shit slapped and was the easiest money bears have ever made.
As long as I make money I don't care.
[deleted]
Fintech is the next bubble to form for sure.
Earnings for the holiday season at the end of February. Will SHATTER expectations
Also where the fuck else are people gonna put their money

SAVINGS/BONDS AT 0.5% VS STOCKS CONSTANTLY MOONING HMMMMM
Buying early Monday morning. To the fucking moon we go 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
First you must read Jim Cramer Book
[removed]
considering the country just has the largest domestic security breach in American history and Palantir is the software being used by law enforcement to help identify some of the seditionists, I feel pretty good about PLTR
Yeah but that’s risking losing your 100k way easier, he was already kinda nervous about parking his 100k with shares.
Are you trolling
currently freaking out over the Eiffel Tower, Vatican, some place in Pakistan, and the WH being “not lit up” last night, even though the Vatican thing literally didn’t happen and tards forget the Eiffel Tower goes out at 1 am every night lol
Morning wsb fam.  Im thinking about adding onto Canoo for August calls (on top of May calls) if there's light gains or a drop Monday.  I have a feeling they are gonna be named apples partner or getting in bed with someone else on Wednesdays news.
I wholly believe EV will continue to grow in terms of market share, that is evident. But that is mostly people who already have cars replacing their old ones. I don’t think EV’s are necessarily going to create new car owners. Or convince the family with 2 cars to buy a 3rd  enough to make a real dent in North American car sales.
I did that and sold a couple of months ago. I’m crying.
Bro don’t make me cry
Also bought by me😋
Why do people keep buying these PLTR 30c’s I be sellin’ every week?
Then I would go all in
I was actually wondering about all of this! Thanks dude
Everyone uses VPN to bypass the wall my man
WSB must be very innovative.
Picking up some shares if it dips this week. Not going to fomo in like the people who bought at 22 last week.

Overall I like SoFi. Went through their investor presentation this weekend and it liked what I saw. Fintech valuations can get silly and I think Wall St will bid up the price in the next few years.
[deleted]
Neither is the rest of the world. Chinese consumer products have a garbage reputation everywhere else
Honestly it’s 50/50 for them.
How do I get unbanned. Literally did nothing 🤨
This time at “Solar Red Roof Company”
[deleted]
Yeah then why the fuck do they call it "American"
Because I took that picture in my car thru the side window lmaoo. I didn’t take the Nio house picture, but the Nio houses look as great as that picture. When covid is over, feel free to come to China and check the Nio cars/houses out.
Yeah the current Gamestop sucks, noone is arguing against that. The whole goal is to make it an e-commerce that can compete with Amazon in this specific industry.
Always blows my mind how people with no money are willing to burry themselves with automotive and nonsensical debt all while being convinced they are doing great
Try 2 weeks
soo you could sacrifice half of your profits for complete tax reduction?
You can do better by taking 30% of your paychecks and buying INDIVIDUAL stocks you believe in. Personally I do 50% on stocks I believe in currently, I’m only 19.
#JUST OPEN THE FUCKING MARKETS ALREADY!!!!!
I got so hard off that last fuckin line
Did Drew Brees and Michael Thomas both die or something? I must be missing something, the Bears suck
Do some of you boomers know your kids are on wsb?
[deleted]
How dare you. Traitor
Please God, give us a sign that you are watching over us and make it happen exactly as he said.
Nice work. U being up a very interesting point about NIO targeting bmw/Mercedes market. 

Bot XPEV instead of NIO for the price argument, but u have a v good point there.
That would actually be a really good avenue for them. Intrinsic Boomer market with money? Check. Huge platform for batteries? Check. Stagnant market in need of inovation? Check.
I have a 1260 call expiring on the 15th I'm diamond handling that fucker
In GME we trust🚀
Because screens and car tires are not emerging industries.

Using CATL is the fastest and cheapest way into the Chinese market. Everyone will be contracting them and I doubt they have the production capacity to meet them all.
Yeah - I don’t get it. Ugly, cheap looking collectibles
Honestly, I’ve been wondering what the Chinese thought of Tesla and NIO. Thanks for your post!
This post was a dumb waste of time. He prolly missed the NIO spaceship and he’s salty
Not to mention they were almost bankrupt one year ago, and had to beg daddy Tencent not to go broke in 3 months.
Just my thought but widespread legalization will fuck weed stocks. Shit is just to easy to grow. When everyone with a garden pops in some plants and ends up with pounds of weed. Reminds me of the tulip crash
Bought my first calls this past week, MT 31 4/16 @ 1.28.   I've heard the first one's free, let's fucking go
NBA player Glen Rice tapped that ass
[deleted]
Not telling you
Did the communists party tell you to write this? I might be retarded, but at least you can't control this retard
I lost it😂
Ahh okay okay, my fault. And i think the total I put was 913$ but the average cost was 437 so that’s my fault. But I like that mindset, Tesla before the split was like at 1.5k so you’re right in it going up in the thousands
Not telling you
Twitch is the other big one they handle payments for, alomg with some other betting sites
Thats the entire bet. The bet isnt that Gamestop will stay a retail store and do well. The bet is that they become an e-commerce company where the stores themselves provide an experience and drop-off location for online orders while offering collectibles to people passing by. The actual selling games part will likely and hopefully go extinct.
Just don’t dance 💃 

Alright all this bull sentiment is making me nervous. 

Hoping for huge green Monday, pull back on Tuesday for a few hours and TO getting out. I’ll triple down and ride it out with speech from Buyden. 

One can dream right?
 How can there a correction when as soon as a stock falls 1% it gets instantly bought by algos
It makes me chuckle when our posts hit r/all and random folks start reporting OP for our common language.

35 reports of rude/vulgar/obscene language.

Haha, retards.
back in march, there were many
The help has to board from time to time to deliver coke and champagne
Same reason you’re not allowed to yell “fire” in a crowded theater just for funzies
Shiiiiiettt if NIO makes me a millionaire I'm officially Chinese now
1. Enjoy life but don't consistently live beyond your means.

2. Take profits

3. For the love of Christ don't get wiped out by a single YOLO play like a retard going bottoms up at the Elmer's Glue buffet
Controlling your emotions
I just turned 18 yesterday and yolo’d my mom’s savings on TSLA options 1500c 1/15. How dare you call me that.
For both our sakes I hope so
Earnings? APHA has it on the 14th I believe.
its perfect amount for me to risk for a leap, however im just concerned with the price. How do people here know it can hit 40-50  without recent chart to show, is it because clean energy was never a thing until now? its been around but not hype or practical until advancements that happened recently and blue sweep?
[deleted]
Ball Tickling Engineer
Yup lmao
You don’t approve. We get it.
MM probably don’t want it to hit that satisfactory 4 digits, idk I’m about to pull the trigger on it though
Either way that’s a paddlin’
Yes, i am bot and i downvoted you.
LFG my man
and this man has the ear of Mango...
y’all think tesla will have another stock split within the next two years?
[deleted]
Make WSB great again. What happened to blindly seeing how much margin you could trick robinhood into giving you? Where are all the people posting their positions with no idea if they’re making or losing money? Those were the days
Level 1 Tech Bro
PSTH PT eod tomorrow
scared to buy FB puts but feeling TWTR puts after all this.
Sure, but with a decent range and home charging, you only have to charge if you are driving longer than your range. Range is increasing all the time. A lot of people only drive over 250-300 miles once per year, and when they do they want a decent rest after driving for that long anyhow.
Buy TSLA FDs
You are fuk
Market order vs limit order when the loss trips
Damn takes some aerit balls to eat that Theta loss everyday.  AMZN plays giveth, but also taketh
still would 👁️👄 👁️
I’m buying more shares tomorrow with margin yolo
Has there ever been a bear-millionaire gains post? Alls I see is dumbass bulls yoloing all their free capital into meme stocks for 1100% gains, the true WSB way.
Yeah I guess those are good too but you'd need a PhD for the former and sometimes even for the latter
This model is huge in Sweden where I live, and I cant see it failing in larger cities where there are lots of apartments. But in more rural areas in the US I can see why the doorstep delivery would be preferable. Again though the goal isnt that everything will be picked up at the store, you can still have doorstep delivery, you just have the option to have 0 dollars in transport fees if you pick it up yourself.
[deleted]
Wait are you saying the bears gonna beat the saints?? LOL 😂
And liberals are the least racist: https://www.reddit.com/r/insanepeoplefacebook/comments/fhn6uo/fox_news_has_the_smartest_people/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
That's actually really funny
Can you explain?
[deleted]
OPEN is garbage buy TSLA 🥴🤓
Hope you got your depends
Where was this DD last summer you damn Chyna Sympathizer?
Learning languages broadens the mind in ways you can’t understand unless you speak more than one. I think we’re the lucky ones here
u/SIR_JACKS_ALOT?
Why?  The crash was a 25 year old aircraft that was serviced by a bunch of 3rd world car mechanics.
Nazi nazi nazi isn't my argument, you're all huffing and puffing, too offended to read what I wrote. There is only one political leaning at the moment that's radical, violent and popular enough to get you banned outright on most sites, and that's right wing facism/trumpism. To express it, you need to find someone that doesn't moderate at all and/or bans anyone disagreeing. Alternative chans, parler, gab, voat, T_D, etc. People looking for that kind of discourse go to those sites, as they know they'll find their crowd there. Consequently, everyone who doesn't subscribe to that rhethoric stays far away from those platforms, leading to a concentration of those user bases.

>You just must desperately want sooooo badly to believe the narrative billionaire media corps have spit into your face 24/7 through the internet and TV

I don't watch TV. I get my news from European outlets, and they, unlike US media, do fact based reporting. May be eye opening to you, check out some AP, Reuters or BBC sometime.

TL;DR Nice job trying to educate a German about facism. Seems you're the fucking idiot here. We know what we're looking at, and we're not afraid to say it. Trump is a fascist. Luckily he's even lazier and more incompetent than the OG fascist, or shit would have really hit the fan.
That’s not what a monopoly is though.
I hope everyone know that Tesla will be flat this week. Amazon, NVDA and FB will run. Throw CRM in there
Nah. It’s mr beasts fault. 🤡
I say pocket $1m, call yourself a millionaire, and put a 20% trailing stop.
Idk I can't read
[removed]
Hey if people are as sucked in by the cult of NIO even a third as much as TSLA then this thing still has another 10X to go baby ezketitttttttt
Playing for 10 bagggers is the perfect way to go broke
As a lurker and someone wanting to jump in on this, would 10k be a reasonable place to start to see some of those sweet gains? Just buying shares
Like she gets off the boat 🤣🤣🤣
www.rotten.com
Short it.
When is your country gonna give me back my money for the Luckin coffee fraud you bastard
Tsla 1000 wow? Yolo on 1k tsla calls?
Damn! Appreciate that perspective. Really valid points. That and I think an M2 Mac will be a huge sell as well. And that's supposedly this year. Like for video editing and any IOS programming these things are on a whole other level with less power consumption to boot. And they still have a redesign of the look of Airs and Pros in their back pocket which will always get new buyers lined up.
How the hell can you be bearish on TSLA
Wait a minute. How do we know you arent a CCP bot?
What’s the highest percentage return you’ve made from a spac call a month out?
Why stocks?
All parts of life are good as long as you’re constantly growing
The Expanse on Amazon Prime.
[removed]
That post was solid DD. Something we need more of here. Unless you can point to something they lied about. No? Didn't think so.
Girls love them
Fucking lol
You seemed open to a discussion, my mistake. Carry on thinking every other person is automatically onboard for exactly what you want to happen and pissing on anyone else who might have the audacity to express a slightly different opinion.
Can’t wait to wake up at 6 am tomorrow to my favorite headline:

TSLA BEARS IN ABSOLUTE SHAMBLES. 

😂👍
[deleted]
I wanted to buy 1k shares at $7. Kek
What is the reasoning?
>TNA 

You might do a little research before buying calls on leveraged ETFs... There's this little thing called drift
[removed]
And that's why it won't happen
RDFN is garbage. Buy OPEN.
Im about to board a flight and i need to shit so bad
Fuck remy, I remember you posting about that shitty little French bulldog
This.
That was a long time ago bro
 “Theatricality and deception are powerful agents for the uninitiated. But we are initiated, aren’t we Bruce?”
Can you explain what a proxy stock is? Does NIO still own  a large share of it?
Not reading this essay but two things are questionable-

1. First picture is a render of what builders use to sell houses. It really is that good but that is not an actual building. People walking around trees and shit. Yes, the software can make people look real.
2. Picture of neighbor's SUV was taken from behind a glass window. Glare is obvious.

Try something better next time.
With Dems controlling congress and executive branch, it’s more like “US government supports legalizing weed”.
Do you have more details? Source?

I can’t imagine saying “I’m going to buy 1mil in stock n” is illegal. This isn’t restricted information and he’s not an insider. The goal wasn’t to artificially inflate value. I don’t understand how it’s illegal.
Yes that's why I got Jan 29 $1k calls to include earnings for even more elongation
Sir, this is a Mahjong table.
Think about all those suddenly empathetic Republican congresscunts 

*cries* "guise, it *HAPPENED TO MEEEE!!*"
You’re allowed to use Reddit in China? VPN?
[removed]
I thought he already announced one on Friday.
I can’t afford to save $100 a month lol. But I’m going to school to get a skill that will change that for me!
Is that right? I thought he was pretty good
⠄⠄⠄⢰⣧⣼⣯⠄⣸⣠⣶⣶⣦⣾⠄⠄⠄⠄⡀⠄⢀⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⢸⡇⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⣾⣿⠿⠿⠶⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣤⣄⢀⡅⢠⣾⣛⡉⠄⠄⠄⠸⢀⣿⠄
⠄⠄⢀⡋⣡⣴⣶⣶⡀⠄⠄⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣴⣿⣿⣿⢃⣤⣄⣀⣥⣿⣿⠄
⠄⠄⢸⣇⠻⣿⣿⣿⣧⣀⢀⣠⡌⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⢀⢸⣿⣷⣤⣤⣤⣬⣙⣛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⡍⠄⠄⢀⣤⣄⠉⠋⣰
⠄⣼⣖⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢇⣿⣿⡷⠶⠶⢿⣿⣿⠇⢀⣤
⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣽⣿⣿⣿⡇⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣥⣴⣿⡗
⢀⠈⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄
⢸⣿⣦⣌⣛⣻⣿⣿⣧⠙⠛⠛⡭⠅⠒⠦⠭⣭⡻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠃⠄
⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠹⠈⢋⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣵⣾⠃⠄
⠄⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⣴⣿⣶⣄⠄⣴⣶⠄⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⢻⣿⣿⣿⠄⣿⣿⡀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣛⠛⠁⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠞⢿⣿⣿⡄⢿⣿⡇⣸⣿⣿⠿⠛⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠉⠻⣿⣿⣾⣦⡙⠻⣷⣾⣿⠃⠿⠋⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣠⣴
⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣮⣥⣒⠲⢮⣝⡿⣿⣿⡆⣿⡿⠃⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣠⣴⣿⣿⣿
throwing some cash at this if it dips to 16
Still the best platform for staring at candles and crayon lines
You are very welcome and glad I could contribute back to the WSB community
Oh I am wrong a lot, but not about this
Thanks for the boots on the ground perspective on NIO. The brand loyalty they are building seems pretty unstoppable. 

What are your thoughts on TIGR? Some people are calling it the Robinhood of China. Do you use it, or know others who use it? Is it popular?
www.xvideos.com
Yesn't!
You cannot predict what the beast will do. The beast does as it pleases when it pleases.
I've sold calls expiring this week. Hope you're wrong lol. Timing on SPACs is impossible.
which means there is a dip coming...  cash at the ready.
True, but don’t think OP is that type of individual because he mentioned he regrets not buying more. Which means he had more money to throw at it than just that. 

At that point it would be best to sell one and keep one. But I’m going with the assumption that OP didn’t put his only remaining money in there...
It sounds like you've basically got it! :) knowing is half the battle. 

IV is certainly related to the demand for that contract. It can be thought of as the excess demand not related to the share price or time until expiry. Simply said, people are more willing to buy dips than peaks. So when the underlying dips, contract prices will rise by some factor unexplained by the price movement itself (note, this softens the delta blow, but it does not eliminate it) Conversely, IV tends to go down during peaks.

If it wasn't the case and IV increased with price movements in either direction then things would be imbalanced and you could successfully employ a "dartboard" strategy. In that imaginary scenario, then any price movement up, you'd get doubly benefited from IV🚀 and Delta🚀, and price movement down you'd still benefit from IV 🚀 though Delta📉 would drive it down. The double benefit on the upside would let you choose things randomly to make consistent money.
Americans arent going to buy Chinese cars.  Period.
So you haven't come out yet?
AMZN is trading at a big discount vs its ETF (XLY) of which it makes up 27%, See how far its deviated from the blue line. Its also trading at a big discount to the wider S&P index. See how the candles lag behind those two lines.

Target would be in the green box area.

[https://i.imgur.com/JemG5r9.png](https://i.imgur.com/JemG5r9.png)
I think we could be invaded by aliens at this point and no one would bat an eye. 
  

"Sorry guys, can you just come back later? We've got enough shit going on right now."
[deleted]
Canoo has a team of engineers that used to work at BMW
My plan is to sell my TSLA shares the moment it starts to go down for real, then buy the dip when it's at the very lowest price, then hold them forever.  Can't fail.
Where are you going to buy your pc and console?
Also StockTwit users. 

"This is going to crash, I'll buy NIO at $5"
Serious answer - remortgage your home, open a robinhood account and put literally all of your money into MARA
I go to GameStop to look at stuff and buy from Amazon. GME will die in 5 years or so
Whats he talking about??
its all about christmas activations
Been watching Nvidia stock flat 4 for months wanting to buy calls but haven't pulled the trigger yet. I feel I will regret it soon
Nah if high school is the best time of your life an college wasn’t your doing it all wrong.. sad!
Looking at put prices and it looks like the only way to get more than a 10bagger on a 10% correction would be to time it fucking perfectly. If you give yourself a few extra DTE as wiggle room you’re basically limited to like 5-10bagger if you hold for $20 drop. Not to mention that’s if everything goes exactly according to plan and you have Adamantium hands. Going triple or nothing on the way back up is where the real money is at, but whether you get a 3 day pump or just one day is anybody’s guess. Going to get weird soon strap in!
Congrats man
[removed]
Vanguard has extended hour trading, I do it all the time
Have more cash inflow than outflow each month. Invest aggressively when you’re young, BTFD blah blah something something Ferrari
[removed]
Most people dont want to buy a EV because if the battery dies they dont want to sit wired to a post for some time. Be good to just pull in and have a small section of battery replaced to keep you going. The batteries would need to be universal.
Buy TSLA 1500c

???

Profit
He exposed himself to a moderator
It's 180 degrees the other way around, imo. Posts and comments before mid 2020 were mostly done by people who trade, sometimes even HNI and professionals. Greeks were often used and discussed, complex options strategies utilized and so on
It’s TsLA so it doesn’t need any red closes
Luck
WHEN THE WINGED HUSSARS ARRIVED
wherever ETSY is trading mid February; buy March calls 20%-30% OTM.
Trump tweets = red days
Pretty misleading.. overall US market share is like %46 apple %33 Samsung
Inherit great amount of wealth
Yup the state of Kansas bro.
Umm ok if you say so



NIO = 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Apple uses screens from Samsung, car manufacturers use tires from Michelin, and like you said even Tesla themselves use battery from CATL. What’s wrong with buying components? What one company needs to make everything themselves?
Lin Wood seems kinda crazy ngl
September
What about some IV crush after earning? but wait are we talking about 30 for MT or VALE by Feb1?
Aliens would be bullish.

More markets to sell to.

New technology. 

Calls on language learning software and semiconductor manufacturers.
CoFounder?
It's like a NIO Cult
You can star in gayporn. Your coactor has a big pp, so you don't need one.
> If they can beat the tesla pricing i can see it being popular. 

That would be Polestar. They do appear to sell well, but remains to be seen what happens after subsidies calm down and more models get introduced.
the neo nazi accounts I follow to keep an eye on are acting a little strange but other than that idk
[removed]
Link to wsb discord?
I sold $50 AMD leaps back when it was $15 and never had the money to buy them back so I rolled them out another year instead.
Ah, but the valuations, I’ll just wait for a dip
Fly you fools
[deleted]
Bruh the company is valued at 2.3million for every 1 car they produce. I don’t care if William li sucks off every fucking car buyer how the fuck can it be worth 100 billion. Unless they’re gods in tech it doesn’t matter much, I’ll stick with the motherfucker that’s gonna be putting chips in my brain. That being said I got in at NIO at 11$ because an autist on here mentioned it a while ago so I still got a bit of holdings in this bitch so I’ll ride the spaceship with you guys too
Idk with all the upgrades and shit i feel like this insanity could have legs.

Obviously I dropped 3500 so I think a dip is a coming.  For one IBD rarely does articles calling a climax top.  Last time they did it was the night before PLTR crashed and they did one fri on Tesla.  Also. The sentiment around Tesla on here is the same....can't lose, gain porn, rockets to infinity as it was for pltr.

Idk I swore I wouldn't bet against them but here I am.  I'm confident a dip is coming....the question is when to sell.  If their was a 5% dip Monday it might be time to sell.
Tesla has no competition right now - at least no competition at their volume levels.

Not a single car manufacturer can touch their yearly product numbers of EVs yet.  Probably 3 years out before the big traditional manufacturers spin up, and by then Tesla is doing 5 million a year.

I’m not saying Tesla is valued appropriately, merely pointing out people’s lack of understanding in how “easy” it will be for other players to scale up and out rapidly.

Hell half the production line at GM / ford would have to change from assembling an ICE engine to what?  Wrapping copper on metal to make motors?

They also need to build a proper battery pack, which isn’t easy - or out-source it and lose a chunk of revenue and control.

Let’s not forget the brain drain that’s happened at the traditional companies too...  all those engineers and operational / management positions where the employee was “fuck upper management for not taking my proposal seriously or listening to the issues or concerns or ideas I have to do x in prep for the EV take over” type shit.  Their smart employees with some unique and possibly good ideas to implement change have likely all left those companies for greener pastures...
I mean it did on Friday so wouldn’t surprise me lol
Haha nice.

East side is pretty poorly ran from my eyes. All the small beer guys run circles on them, given it’s apples to oranges. I thought about buying a small position for my portfolio, to rep Portland but decided to pass.
Imagine being so poor you resell a game you bought for $60 for $10 to gamestop.
That’s literally the point of his DDs and why we’re here
I don’t know about you guys, but I wanna see a rematch of the Bucs vs Chiefs in the Super Bowl. 

Old School Goat vs New School Goat. 

Brady seemed like he was done in the last game vs the chiefs and then came back HARD. I’d love to see a rematch and it might be the only game where I’d be just as happy regardless of who won.
Keep going I’m almost there
Fuck the CCP and Winnie better let my boo Jack go from his sex dungeon.
$ROPE.
I have a friend in Israel who has used a battery-swapping service a few years ago already. But Israeli homes are extremely well equipped. Other factors must be at play. I'm guessing the surface of the US for instance. Since everything is so spread out, it may not be practical to drive several miles on the regular just to swap batteries?
I had $69 worth of dollars and sold when I made Profit
Calls on Aliens.
[deleted]
He still has the official potus account
Denver here, had a great time the last couple times I went through KC & stayed a night or two, agree it's very underrated.
Lmao
Paysafe has already been a public company, but they got bought out by foley. Could even be older than paypal honestly, its european. They have better margins than paypal. Im not telling you ipoe is bad, just that there are several fin tech plays to be made
i ordered my macbook airbase config 3 weeks ago from apple and it is just prepping to ship (a possible good sign of volume, my recent watch and phone purchases arrived in less than 48 hours from time of order)  Im sure  mac sales went gangbusters.  people are sleeping on how fast apple is converting people to financing.  combine tradein value wth apple pay and im only paying 17 a month for 12 months with 0 interest and I got like $100 in apple cash bonus when i ordered.  basically a free upgrade.
There is a 12 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 1 year on [**2022-01-10 04:26:30 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2022-01-10%2004:26:30%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktytvp/tsla_best_100k_ive_ever_spent_when_do_i_hop_off/giqd6lq/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fktytvp%2Ftsla_best_100k_ive_ever_spent_when_do_i_hop_off%2Fgiqd6lq%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202022-01-10%2004%3A26%3A30%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ktytvp)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
You bought 2 shares at $437, totaling $874.

Worst case scenario of you holding for a long time is you lose that if it goes bankrupt. 

Best case is it could go up in thousands years from now.
[deleted]
Down?

🚀🚀🚀🚀
It could do both
Yeah that’s exactly what I thought. But I believe the reason for oil upcoming will be a change to the microstructure or a new compound that ends up making oil extremely powerful. But yes the not changing overnight part is reason oil will still be around
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Could the mods make an emergency hentai thread? 🥺
what are your thoughts on FCX?
ixing my axe.
You lost me at the part where u said they will buy the tsla for the badge. Its a form of pride and expression for people. The general sentiment across the world is that Elon Musk is someone you want to get behind because hes changing the world, and its much, much more than just cars. Tesla is the best of breed when it comes to energy, climate change, oh yeah and they also make sick cars.
F
Agree. I’m a adult with disposable income who likes the instant gratification of purchasing something and not having to wait on shipping. Bought a flight sim and  next day was like shit I need a yoke controller, stopped in at gme and they didn’t have any. Few months later walking in mall and I was like a steering wheel would be cool for racing games, stopped in and the only one they had was $350. I download all my games so they are useless for that, stop in gme every time I’m in mall and they have yet to get any money out of me. They are fucked.
Ahh. I thought I heard they were going to start makin new episodes somewhere.
We not as retardeder as most people think
Of course everyone looks smart when 60% of this sub is exclusively holding Tesla calls
Same here. I've been thinking about to jumping in since last January.

If I invest at these prices, I might as well do so on margin to have any significant impact, and it's been more and more tempting each day to open an account.
Umm.. might I remind you this is reddit..
I doubt it goes much lower than 15 or 16, every price at which Cohen bought could be seen as natural support, and the highest was 16. I wouldn’t over complicate it, it will probably be somewhere near 15-16 this week, then it’ll end up moving higher the next few weeks after
Companies that make stuff > companies that don't
Yup!:)
Horrible company just benefiting from the covid boom, this will tank hard worse then $DASH.
can you recommend something not boring?
Thank you Mr. Chinese. I'm bullish on NIO.

Have a question though, does buyin NIO stock mean we own a piece of the company?

Why is the stock listed in Cayman Islands?
What ever happened to that millionaire guy who paper-handed his GME and then got in CRSR?
Who’s ready for steel gang to lift the fuck off this week 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I am aware of CC but I was wondering how to make sure that you are more profitable with 7,500 shares and 75 (I guess) Call on them rather than shares all-in. From your comment it seemed quite certain so I was wondering whether there was math behind it
DuoLingo
The frost is off that pumpkin
Yeah until I hear something legit fishy I like this guy
I have Aug and Dec calls. Going to double this year.
Did you just say Kansas is underrated? Like, the state?
Me too bro. I have a feeling this dumbass mitch will somehow whoop us, then get dropped by 50 next game. I really hope not
[deleted]
The roof is so low for gamestop, in a few years retail stores for games just won't be a thing. gl on short-term gains tho
🤡
It’s not a bad idea to take some profits. There are infinite amount of money to be made from the market, but gotta enjoy life with the tendies and spoil yourself here and there sometimes right?  And congrats on the gains, enjoy the ride!
Just cut and paste it in that sub. I don’t want to take credit for it. You deserve all the karma for this.
Nios only source of battery’s are coming from CATL, which will also be used by Mercedes, Toyota, Tesla, etc.

They don’t even design their own battery’s.

Can’t wait till they miss production demand and craters.
We can’t even read English yet. Maybe I would be better learning their hieroglyphs
Roll* downhill
As soon as I get my monorail money back I'll be going to the moon as well.
where is Jack Ma
They already have?  [homekit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HomeKit?wprov=sfla1)
NY legalizing
It will randomly gap up one day on good news after trading flat for a period of time. When that happens, no one knows
Can’t go titties up
So Retarded bulls
Nope. It’s all yours. 
Good luck.
serious question hombre, asking for myself:

i also hit it big, like just under $2M. my question is, that's a lot of tendies to risk. what is your plan? boomer shares in dividend funds? boomer index funds? paying a boomer to manage your funds?

you could of course YOLO somemore, but i'm thinking there's no point anymore. time to chill the fack out and eat some tall blonde ones.
"trust the Chinese" I've heard that one before
Ngl I'd be into it
[deleted]
Do you think the N in FAANG stands for Microsoft?
If he bought them last week.  If he bought them 6 months ago though.... He probably loves his position right now.
[deleted]
IV is forward looking. So if it became more likely that 1000 can be theortically passed, it will be more expensive.
Yeah
And his boyfriend
pltr
You get to do trigonometry with a mop and some water
Both
[deleted]
You guys remember how hot Sarah palin was? Trump shoulda got her on as vp $plby
[removed]
F
The greeks
Yeah lol wsb pumped it 40% in 30 mins.
Physical is a shrinking market, look at xbox sales for their fully digital version. And you can gift very easily on steam.

So all gamestop has going for it is the ability to buy $60 games for $10 off of chumps? gg f
Is TSLA announcing their mobile homes this week or next?
you should pull your eyes backwards and youll see that youre fucking retarded
[removed]
Your point was to be on the lookout. Not to kill the guy. You're right.
I think a requirement for posting there is to be completely off your meds
it might be flat for the next three month
China EV adoption rate is high because the govt is making it so. You’re more likely to win Lottery for license plate for EV vs ICE. 

APAC will account for over 45% of the global EV market with nearly half of that coming from China.  

The Chinese govt also eased restrictions for import OEMs to manufacture, produce, and sell to the local Chinese market.  

The interesting bit is all projections indicate that 75%ish percent of the EV market in China will be made up of mostly import OEMs (BMW/Audi... non Chinese OEMs)
As another libertarian leaner thanks for the chat hopefully the US sees the light and moves towards some
Common sense.
[removed]
That’s all on if you think it’s gonna continue to increase over the next year. 

I personally am not quite sure. It’s all about personal risk acceptance. 

If you have enough money that 500-600 bet wont hurt you if you lose it, id say go for it. If that much money is a lot to you, then id say iust be safe and buy a few stocks to hold over the next few years
No, market cap is influenced by 420 and 690
Where was this DD a few months ago when this stock was 7 pesos per share!? 😭
Does that require programming knowledge? My wife’s boyfriend said he would teach me python when he has some free time
Have half a million banked.
Prob +3% just to burn all the 🥭 shorts
He’ll disregard you to focus on your older brother (GME) but give you as many tendies as you desire in return.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Led Zeppelin -  Stairway To ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9ioyEvdggk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9ioyEvdggk)⠀►►⠀ 5:20 / 8:01 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I just bought in last week.  I watched NIO day and I was impressed that NIO users provided the entertainment, organized the presentation/day, people volunteered to help out the day of.  Seems like a real community.  I watched some other videos on the battery swapping and seems smart for Chinese market even if the same idea might not work for places like Canada or USA where not as much population density.   I am going to ride out the stock and see where it ends up .
I got a friend who still lives through the high schools days.  It's kinda pathetic.
I may put a medium post together, or maybe something on reddit.
I don't know much about Bezos, but if he does give 2 shits about being the richest person again, a stock split would definitely get him there. I might throw down some lottos just in case. Godspeed.
People can order something and pick it up at the store through literally any store. Best Buy has gaming parts and I can pick them up. But I don’t want to go out and do that. I’ll order from Amazon and it will be on my doorstep tomorrow. I’m basically saying that this strategy is absolutely ridiculous and your comment touting it as a strategic advantage is misguided at best.
Nope
Lol all I know about him is he gained his status solely by staging giveaways and random 10k donations. 

What a dick right!?!
Ic thnx
His post aligns with my stock positions and yours doesn’t.  I don’t want to look. All in with confirmation bias 🚀🚀🚀
Zillow is garbage. Buy RDFN.
been my worst trade this year
Money Mitch 💰
[deleted]
Right, until you need to call them for something.
Thanks everyone for the helpful (and funny) comments! I think I'm gonna wait until the 2021 crash and then go in.
[deleted]
Wow Dude - Thank you for the effort and your time, I was gladly reading this.
How many voted for him?  What percentage of the population voted?  My point is simply that marginalizing a large percentage of a population has never ended in rainbows and unicorns.
so saad. Alexa play stairway to heaven
It is the OG series
> Companies lie like crazy in their financial report

Seems familiar...
There’s already super high demand and low inventory
[https://tos.mx/HRQWU4E](https://tos.mx/HRQWU4E)
Haha yeah I watched 2 videos as well after he posted here. Not really something that is entertaining to me but I guess it is a better to have children watch this instead of bullshits on yt
Then go join another sub. No ones forcing you to be here
no, not as far as i can remember :D 

i just use the text chat, thats usually enough
Yes I’ve read a little about this. Please tell me more.
Yeah, not good. But it taught me, just hold the stock
MAU DAU numbers will tank, the growth on these numbers drove ads rev, the stock can easily retrace 30-50% and test 35 handle again.
Sell side analysts will pump what they own to sell it and downgrade what they want to buy, some firms are more honest than others. GS ironically from what I’ve seen over the years usually does not play this game. At least not of recent. 

So this is actually great to see coming from them at this moment. 

I think some of these places have changed tactic with retail playing a larger role in recent years. They’ll try to get ahead of the crowd in order to max gains.
tis a silly place
Close to the money or 25 maybe. Not sure yet. I’m liking Jan 2022 calls a lot
Huh just looked it up, and it absolutely can be. I'll be damned.
Thank you, Chinese. That's the confirmation bias we were looking for. 

This is going to be the stock of 2021. Let's meet here in December again to discuss what are we gonna do with the millions.
Depends what your definition of a freak is
Doesn’t matter .  Apple is a house brand.  People WILL Buy into it.  🚀🚀
Discord in general
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Protonnnn the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol look the front page 90% are tesla bulls
🚀🚀🚀
They should be 5-10% of your portfolio, at least.
Is $Rope a banned ticker?
Lol what were the chances of you being a Saints fan😂

Ravens fans 🤝 Saints Fans

⬆️ Willie Snead and Mark Ingram
I think if It is ITM there is always someone with money (funds) interested into buying since they can just exercise and get a bit difference. At least that's what people usually says.
research scientist
That sub is so boring.
How do we know you're not a US propaganda shill?

It goes both ways.

And at least the other autist put his positions in his post...
those people are unhinged
6/16 is the date. you buy calls if you think stock is going up, puts if you think it's going down. the options expire worthless at the expiration date, in this case June 16th if they don't hit the strike price of $25 on the underlying stock (the price of the actual share of stock of the company.).

there are many variables that go into options so it isn't quite as simple as i laid it out, so do your research. some terms to look at are IV - implied volatility, theta, option spreads, etc.

it's really easy to lose your money with options so do some paper account trading to get the hang of it first and keep asking questions, even though these dicks won't answer you honestly half the time.
I agree with you about the political situation 100%, but does it really matter that much for investing purposes?

Elon’s jet could crash flying across country between CA and TX and it would have the same end result as him getting sent to Chinese concentration camp for telling off their SEC equivalent. Just factor that in as increased risk in your investment compared to a Western company.

Same with making too much money - just realize your ceiling is lower and be willing to get out sooner. In the west we have anti-trust laws to prevent companies from owning an entire market. The Chinese limit it to an arbitrary point when Pooh Bear feels threatened.
What you heard?
What do you think of CRM? Looks promising to me. It's been beaten down recently but has ER coming in February.
This is the sort of material Johnny Bravo understands like 25% of, but then spends 30 min ranting about along with some COVID denialism sprinkled in
What kind of long term calls do you recommend? I have 5 3/19 $55C and 1 1/15 $57C.
Logo looks like PLTR super bullish take my money
Like 40%.
Tired of hearing about Nio and Tsla. Mods
Time solves everything. Just start to save $100/mo. First $100K is the hardest and longest. Snowballs down there.
IPOE
They need to add catgurls to the stores man. Gamers love that
just because it's rare doesn't mean it's fake. it's like claiming those who win the lottery cheated because winning the lottery is rare.
this guy sees a fuck ton of dds and shills for penny stocks  on WSB that retards gamble on left and right. the one time a fucking ching chong fuck mentions why this dd is good based on chyna men culture and reaction and youre frothing at the mouth for that anti ccp bandwagon wtf dude

might i remind you

sir... This is a casino

take your political talk shit and gtfo

stonks go up or down, you choose which one to make max tendies on, china black white or whatever the martian alien elon fuck you are
What’s the deal with WEED stocks? Is there other catalysts for these to MOVE other than “Biden good 4weed???”
How do you figure?
That dude never ever posted or commented on WSB before doing a post on Nio. That's what makes you suspicious.
TSLA OTM calls expiring Friday obviously - easy $100k
#The WSB Discord is horrendously autistic worse than stock twits even
It as good as the OG series?
Cum juggler
Facts.
[deleted]
IV crush not as bad if I hold through ER.
[deleted]
Data scientist? UX design? No good?
TSLA going up 7% on Monday cause why notttttt
Thanks
I honestly don’t really expect it to hit, but if it does I’ll take it
Lol. It’ll maybe hit 62-65.
Even if it opens red buy we have a couple more days of index funds trying to buy heavy into Tesla, so take advantage while you can brotha
Tl;dr: Use student loan money to buy Tesla leaps to pay off student loans. 🚀🚀🚀
Similar CRM position (260/3 but already 50% down) how are you playing this especially with earnings coming up? 

I don't know if I see this moving from a fundamental pov until they prove the value of slack / earnings itself.
Hard to be freaky in North Dakota, you have to keep your coat on for half the year
Amen brother
Hype is dead, don't bet on red
East side distillery?
Grabbed a fat stack of 1/21/22 $35c last month. To the moon
I might hold. IV is not high
It’s ass
Is that you Mr P?
🎷🎷🎷

I’m never gonna trade again. Worthless calls have got no tendies.
I reasonably believe this guy is in fact Chinese and the length of this post makes me believe he is correct about this company. Didn’t read it but I’m all in on Nio now
[removed]
There’s still a great deal of hatred and jealousy toward China from people who don’t even know the country. Thankfully, NIO’s market is mostly in China and not in the west yet.
As a saints fan 

Pain :/
Im FOMOing man. Im no fuckin rainbow bear tho. Thanks for restrengthening these diamond hands brother
[removed]
10 years post high school was the best
[deleted]
IIRC the strike when I had LGVW warrants were 11.50. Just look it up on the LGVW/WS page for your broker. You need to do heavy research before putting a good chunk into warrants\units. They are similar to options, yet so different. These warrants can be called @ fair market value if the stock trades above $18 for 20 days straight, as per their prospectus. They're also typically not exercisable until a month post-merger or a year after IPO. And the seperate trading LGVW\WS are 1:1 shares\warrants not 1:25. 

Good opportunity still I guess but you better have the cash on hand for when they get called, because they probably will.
No but I’m hearing about some shit from my peoples

I was literally freaked the fuck out last night
not enough to make it worth buying
I’m on an iPad on the Reddit app and it’s one big long paragraph
Wow, 2024.  Tesla will probably have a cure for cancer by then.
You are one of those people who can never be wrong huh
Dogs are edible there
That's literally it
It’s now FAAG since Microsoft isn’t moving
NIO 80c 1/15/22
[deleted]
Please excuse us Americans.  I mean just look around.
Well Yeah!? you can still add 0 to another number. So hah!
Feel like PLTR is going to steadily go up now that less people are on it
Retards of the world, unite!!
Yep I’m watching it right now
With Duck Sauce on the side!!!!
Bears ML today
I want Cohen for a daddy
Have to say creating a new account to post stuff is inherently sus because we can’t judge the bullshit you previously spouted and were massively wrong about.
Fucking millennials
[deleted]
i'm bullish, just stating that is not what u wanna see ideally.
Live in Utah... can confirm
Good, GME is the only higher power you need to worship
They ain’t freaks
Janitor
Did Chamath fomo into it? If the answer is no, I don't wanna hear it. Also the name collides with a first mover and that's not a good sign imo.
$5 billion quarterly profits .....should be $50-100 stock
[deleted]
there's no guarantee that all of that will happen within the next few weeks. Yea it could happen, but might not as soon as you think. As for RC purchasing more, I mean I'm sure he could but he already owns the necessary amount (\~12%) of GME needed to do all the things activist investors need to do.
Won 1500 on blackjack what’s the next yolo
Rip us
Because they're cheaper. Even my April calls look like shit. But I can hold
Guy is trying to tear down democracy, he can't complain
You’ve convinced me not to take more of my 1000%+ return on NIO for the moment. I bought in about 2 years ago after visiting their stores in China. I will delay exiting in hopes of more future tendies. I had been exiting the investment the past 3 weeks.
You wrong though
I mean if you are gonna make the $$$ from TSLA to buy the lambo you should get it done in all plaid.
What are the best FAANG jobs other than Software Engineer and Product Manager?
His impressions can cause global concerns. 

Your impressions can cause local bar fights. 

Rest easy.
Have you ever tried to call them? It's not great.
Buy calls on Monday. Got it. Thanks!
That's so bad?  Telling Americans what they can and can't say?  I seem to remember an event that took place in the 1700's because of shit like that.
Has anybody went over to r/conspiracy recently? They singlehandedly convinced me a fucking civil war id about to go down
BLOW and HKRS
They literally provide batteries to Nio Li Xpeng Tesla and signed deal with I believe BMW or Merc if they start manufacturing EV in China. All those manufacturers can compete however they want, but as long as EV market share increases in China, CATL will be a winner
You had me at Chinese autist.  I'm in!
[deleted]
was thinking all of congress is high risk for covid now will all those rioters in their house
Not the point. I’m saying shilling on the basis of style is 95% of NIO posts here which is retarded
POSITIONS OR BAN CCP. POSITIONS OR FUCKING BAN.
You haven’t been with many Michigan women lol
[removed]
Professional DD - needed a wired $30 Xbox controller for my autistic cousin to watch Netflix and gme only carries the wireless $60 ones in stores you think imma order it off GameStop.com fuck no I’m going to Amazon buying gme puts all they sell is funkos and T-shirts you autists should take a trip there they’re gayer than dog shit
IPOF = I P Only Fans  

i done seen u Chamath
In the US no, because of politics, and for those that would buy a Nio, it will probably get keyed daily.

In Europe no because of brand loyalty. Lexus has been making the best cars in the world by most objective measures for 30 years and still failed to get anymore than a toenail on the ground in Europe, even Toyota is not that popular relative to rest of the world. However value brands like Kia/Hyundai and now MG are able to gain foot.
I don't know why but I don't think tesla bubble is gonna burst " the market will stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent"
Some of the younguns that either think it’s that certain or are just rolling the dice to change their lives... don’t know how to or can’t afford a hedge. I feel your underestimating the tards here.
Need my 20c for Friday to print 🥴
Oh has it started up? There was another I really loved back in the day called "Blotter".
Bringing race into this massively dilutes your argument, and I know plenty of female Tesla owners, so at this point I'm going to conclude you're full of shit.

It should be easy to provide some evidence beyond saying 'just Google it', if this evidence is as readily available as you claim.
There is a wsb discord?
What does this mean
Who will come monday? The autists riding the confirmation bias high, or the algos selling calls and shares to us cuz they know there are paper handed tards here🤔
Yep. Every logical short gets squeezed
i remember this guy getting shit on for breathing heavy unintentionally in his first video, when i heard the first wheeze i was laughing lmfao
Remember when Apple priced an iwatch at $20K higher than a royal oak or daytona? I don't think they understand markets for non-tech products with existing enthusiasts.

Hyundai is never going to be cool and partnering with BMW or something would have been a better fit.
Read this if you want 

Using real estate I turned $100,000 into $750,000 over the last 3 years, ask me anything   https://www.reddit.com/r/AMA/comments/3921lq/using_real_estate_i_turned_100000_into_750000/
Yup
[removed]
Holy shit, we got a real life rain man over here.
All I'm saying is... If China/NIO wanted to employ somebody to  stimulate their stock on the US market, mission accomplished
I threw some money into it when I saw Chamath announce it on Twitter so will see how it goes.
[deleted]
Short buildups on PLUG and ENPH, ICLN be careful here and watch these two stocks closely.
Wat u mean? Gs offloading?
Than I have to get my balls out of GME wont happen
For real, I had 0 issues reading your post. Well done.
Leaps ATM and deep OTM
[removed]
[removed]
let me guess... you aren't getting the vaccine either?
In China “aloha” means hello and good bye
Thanks man, personally I’m staying away from penny stocks as it’s too volatile for my taste, went into nakd once and saw 20% gain overnight before losing it all at market close lol, but good luck to you
E.g. people who have postponed buying because EV wasn't quite practical yet but who also didn't want to commit to an ICE again. Or those who are buying earlier than planned because a year or 2 later the subsidies might be gone.

I can't say how big the effect is, but subsidies generally lead to more buyers.
That’s just not right.
Please be bait
[deleted]
who wants to guess how much % down twitter will be tomorrow
Yeah why would you want to take on the risk and have the significant development cost associated with it. When instead you can focus on building a brand in the early stage of a company.
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ev-battery-tech-announces-specs-102000023.html


https://youtu.be/hCp0nAgtiEY


https://electrek.co/2020/10/01/tesla-tsla-increases-powerwall-price-demand/


https://electrek.co/2020/12/29/tesla-tsla-next-phase-massive-growth-energy-division/


https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-06/the-10-ways-renewable-energy-s-boom-year-will-shape-2021
Good luck to you
I don’t understand why he has to pay money
A 2k move in the koin is like SPY moving 0.50 idiot.
Didn’t China buy a part of Reddit??
5g and rumors they'll get bought out
I too love Chinese homos.
Ty HBO max for bringing back Reno 911
nio 01 2023 80 calls llezz go bought last week.  If you autists are not buying the same then you're literrally on shutter island .  This is dejavu of tesla. Same path similar marketing and look what happened .  Diamond hands and cult following.  Wait until auntie kathie buys into this 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Predictions for MARA during the week? 

Think it’ll hit $40?
Plz explain?
white obviously
Going to buy $100 leaps
Lol it’s been common knowledge about the battery swaps since early October and solid state batteries were rumored since around Tesla day I think
I think next week if tesla opens at  least - %6,that would cause panic selling from all the people who fomo'd at 700+ and would bring it back down to at least to 660 wich is the frist zone of support. But i am a retard so i could be wrong
I Understsnd why people go to church now. Preach it brother, fellow House of Cohen believer here.  Jesus gave his people unlimited fish and bread, Cohen will give us unlimited 🚀 🚀 🚀 fuel
Thanks. Rolling into 2022 80cs
Wait, doesn’t that mean NIO gets delisted and we all get to buy in at absolute rock bottom? Sounds like an amazing thing.
You got to stop thinking of that as a loss!
PLTR CALLS
You're extra special
I can already identify like 3 Chinese accounts in this thread...they have more than usual upvotes for a basic ass post and the English is definitely off. This is where they show themselves, just block the accounts.
And my Axe!!
Why were you banned?
People are scared and bearish because they missed the initial rally.
You can make more if you remortgage your house and put it all into MARA
god damnit
What... They pay their ceo a billion a year?!
What about boeing puts 1/13 4% otm. Too late tomorrow?
> But Amazon does NOT have great customer service 

actually, my experience with amazons customer service has been pretty good 

never had to argue with them to get my money back / something replaced
Nio is garbage
Paysafe looks pretty dope also dude. They handle payments for fortnight, draftkings and some other big ones i am forgetting
you can roll forward and increase your spread width (max loss) for a small debit or perhaps even no net cost unstead of closing monday and taking max loss
Started with 1000 shares @ $13.  After Ryan Cohen 13D, I’ve added more shares.  I have 5700 shares now, will continue to pick up more shares in the low $17 and will hold for as long as RC is in it!
It’s the weekend,
Official shitposting hours until futures open
What do you like most about CATL?
Someone ban this clown. He’s the wrong kind of retard.
get a tsla not a lambo lol
Be reborn with exceptional looks.  Life on easy mode
The fact that you said NIO sees itself as a direct competitor to Tesla.... Bro they are not. They operate in the luxury segment they have literally mentioned this several times in interviews. The only place they compete in is the advancement of autonomous driving. As a car NIO competes with higher end BMW's , Audi's, Mercedes, and Range Rovers etc. If you ever followed NIO you would know they released the car and or battery 1-1.5 years after NIO day , same happened with the 100kwh last year and the EC6.
You had me at anal. GME 🚀🚀🚀
FUCK! I been avoiding links in WSB forever! You... fucking... got me, and it made me laugh. Thanks man!
To Mars with Musk!!!!!!!
Welcome to the casino.. if stonks don't go up you lose 100%
Fyi people from Hong Kong use traditional.
Should of told me this when the stock was $4
I knew someone smart would read my post eventually and clarify it for others, thank you.
Not even close.  RR fought against Communism [directly](https://www.thoughtco.com/the-reagan-doctrine-and-communism-4571021).

I get the impression you don't really know RR and only think of him as some pro Capitalist CEO.  He was for democratic republics and the US Constitution (Right to Free Speech, Right to Religion, Right to 2A).  And against Communism and wealth redistribution.  His speeches against Soviet Russia are what netted him a landslide victory in the Presidential Election at a time, during the Cold War, where people were very afraid of nuclear war with them and their expanding sociopolitical influence.

If he were here today, he'd rail against the CCP and how we're sending our country up a creek sociopolitically for some quick bucks.

This is why some R's have a great distaste for the CCP.  Because China has 1 party rule and that 1 party, the CCP, stifles free speech and 'reeducates' anyone who threatens it's stance.  They also filter internet and control news too.   Then they pay rubes (wumao) to come on here and announce everything is great.  They're masters at propaganda.
Do TNA leaps more upside
Load up on puts 🛸
They allied with the migrant caravan and created an island kingdom in the Caribbean
TSLA is now one of the largest companies in the world. There is no “massive upside” from here. At best it what - slightly more than doubles from here to become the biggest company in the world?

Days of the multi-bagger are over for TSLA unless you gamble in short dated options with huge premiums 

Plenty of companies out there with actual massive upside
I’ve seen people say not to since it’s triple leverage but if it didn’t die in March then I don’t see how it does die
Nice. 

He doesn’t have that amazing of a success rate but chart looks great.
Inb4 delisted
Good points. I think Nio has determined to go the “luxury vehicle” route. Their CEO William Li said himself in an interview from few days ago “ Tesla is trying to be the VW/Toyota of the EV world while we are trying to be the BMW Merc and Audi”.
Yes, people I know from my age group are all doing great in aggregate. Most bought their first homes the last four years and took advantage of low interest rates. Most got promoted in their jobs. Most came from poor or lower middle class families.

In your 30s, your opportunities grow. Younger millennials and Gen-Z will eventually get to the same place.
Buy MARA
[removed]
🖕🏿
I almost came, but then realized you´re trolling
[deleted]
[deleted]
Got TSLA 1/15 1200 c 🟢
 What color lambo should I get?
F
Ban
From the looks of it
That’s called a suikang code and it works a lot better than injecting bleach like our retard in chief suggested.
Fuck you Lederhosen boy and lick that disgusting shit out your moms crack that you re named after
Try to make up something new besides spamming the same 'documentary' for years.
The problem is, he’s become the lil boy who cried Wolf and no one cares anymore.
TQQQ has been on a tear, you might wait for a pullback before jumping in since when it goes down it goes down really fast.
Why March and not closer to earnings?
okay guys Im taking remy for a walk. Its cold but sunny. If anyone needs me just say virgin three times in a row into a mirror and I will appear
Tesla 1k eom
Announcing a split would be great. Been diamond handing calls for over a month now.
Yeah, but if we have to choose a company to power US, it’s TSLA over TSLA jr nio.
That’s the first step to not being retarded. You’re on the right path fam
Wym 874$? And got it
This looks like an awesome pump effort lets goooo hahaha.
I hear you on this one!
banned from wsb discord and my life has no purpose, please help,
Conspiracy of the highest order

Nobody knows
Winnie the Pooh, trying to stick his paw in WSBs honey pot? Don't worry I'll take one for the team and open my cheeks for him.
How hard would it be to make the cars locally in the US though?
How did you get a .09 premium for Apple? What position :( 

What position are you planning for Bb?
Hey I have those (much less tho)
WRONG. Ok technically, this is true, but it is not important.


Wait what?

All in
More like power bottom
So calls? 😅
If they come thru with Chick I'm all in
Thousands of bodies throwing themselves in front of tanks aren't all driving cars though. (I get it, big population, but not all are in the market for an NIO EV)
Malcolm Gladwell books are generally pretty good. I really enjoyed “Outliers” and “The Tipping Point”.
I’ve never seen someone defend the CCP so vehemently. I mean I get loving your country and all that but to not have a single negative thing to say is a big red flag.
Eh maybe sold OTM so I’m ok 🐌 gang
It’s a strong independent stonk and doesn’t need no bears.
Wow this is the dumbest thing I seen all day lmaooo
Andrew Left are you long or short $GME?
Do you have to turn it on its roof like Magic Mouse every time you charge it?!
New to the sub. Learned about LEAPS recently, and am thinking about moving my pension fund money to $TQQQ LEAPS expiring in 1 year. I think it's a pretty safe bet, given that stonks only go up, and returns are 50% annually on average (400% if you bought on march). With LEAPS, the average return is increased to \~80%. Those numbers sound so much better than the \~5% I'm currently getting...

Is there any reason I shouldn't go through with this?
I only scrolled this far hoping there’d be a tl;dr
When?
 你辛苦了 . 谢谢你的DD,笨蛋
Wumao are mad and all over this thread.
Just stick your dick in it then.
Yeah. Because pumping trillions of dollars into the economy crashes it. 🥴
Yea which means your potential reward will far outweigh your complete loss. 

$874 is going to make you go broke...
Oh yeah, I’ve been noticing this also. I just ignore it. TSLA will power America mother Fuckers or will have another March in protest of fucking TSLA jr nio
High school was the best time of your life

Boomers who peaked too early
The likelihood he would have held until today is near 0 though. Look at every post here which someone posts a gain in their position. Almost all of the comments are telling them to realize their gain.
well, if they can make money they are smart. A retard can make money as well, but they will end up losing them
Can anyone explain to me how NIO can be a public traded company in America if it doesn’t even sell anything here. If NIO is a Chinese company how is it on the American stock market? I tried googling info on this but had no luck.
 $AAPL + Hyundai = $GOEV Canoo Inc. skateboard platform. u/jimcramer u/MadMoneyOnCNBC recommended u/canoo a BUY on 1/4/21. NEWS released 1/10/21 citing Apple and Hyundai to agree on electric car tie-up early this year.. Don't miss the ride!!! #CES2021 #Hyundai #Canoo u/stoolpresidente
Bro we stopped listening to DC long time ago
It feels cozy
My mom didn't mention it at dinner last night, so I think there's still room to rocket
Fk you 🤣🤣🤣
Private companies can do what they want, freedom of speech only refers to from the government
He’s got CCP in his username so the connection isn’t nearly as far fetched as you make it out to be
I have no idea what the ask price was for his option.  I was just trying to help someone out because I'm learning too and hate when I don't know something and someone won't explain it LOL.  If the ask price of the option was 7.00 or more ($700 for 100 shares) and the current price is $58 then he hasn't broken even yet. If the ask was $2.00 ($200) then he is already in the money (ITM)
SIM anyone? I’m def buying a little, it’s cheap af. 

VALE MT CLF all day tho.
give me the downvotes. i dun fucked up. sold call credit spread on friday on nio thinking it was going to be a sell the news like tsla on battery day, but looks like the event is well perceived
Nah
All the Chinese  Bots I suppose, WSB is swarming with them recently
Lulz could you imagine
Why no talk about IPOE? It's PayPal 4.0 you fucking retards
sweet, I'll load up on puts then
Thats true but I'm expecting them to roll it further down
It’s the fucking internet dude. Anyone can lie. My wife’s boyfriend tells people he’s a minority female with a Ph.D in one post, then he’s a retired Army Sgt in another...he’s really just a slacker with no job, no life who only enjoys boning my wife. It’s the internet, lies are everywhere...you better have a good filter and rely on your own DD.
[deleted]
Any dick drawing and rocket emojis?
Maybe you should pick up a hobby
Welcome aboard!
[deleted]
I know that but I’m saying when people shill it in the chat it’s always: “buy NIO new car is way cooler than model s” not “buy NIO battery swap tech stops the car from ever become obsolete and provides a second revenue stream for the company”
Awesome perspective.  Outside retail investors who do not understand chinese culture have been measuring NIO using a different yard stick.  Hopefully, institutional investors are not indulging in same behavior with their big bucks.
He said the current plan was to run it through the state lottery, so yes. But thus so far that has been an unpopular decision, so I wouldn’t be surprised to see him cave on that. 

Many members of NY state politics are pointing to the success that PA and NJ are having running it through casinos, so I don’t think he’s beyond convincing.
yes of course i’m retarded i’m on this sub aren’t i?
100 million people are not silenced. Either you can't count or you're one of his inbred mangotards
As many days the markets open
[deleted]
NOPE. NVDA CALLS
[removed]
How big is your short position, you racist? Kiss your money goodbye lol
Lol a door might fall off while on the highway with their qc and Elon will just tweet it’s priced in
He doesn't have any more twitter so we good
AyaaAaa
Expecting a pump as they FOMO into it.
How does one get over this pain? I mean I only had 20 shares in 2018 and sold in 2019 for basically no profit listening to ppl who told me to sell. Learned to never listen to anyone else the hard way!
Now this is irrational exuberance. Lol
He said july 2021, about 180 days from now.

Neat.
When Biden comes into power, does the stock market flop? Should I start looking into puts that week
I have a chinese national friend who works in the USA and he told me he owns some NIO and thinks its a good long term investment. Is he a CPC shill too lying to his friend about an investment for his country? This seems very conspiratorial which is fine, but you have no proof at all.
Prolly right
Eat shit you Bavarian cum slurper
bruh violent terrorism is not free speech lol
When it hits 1200 on Thursday
https://twitter.com/elwasson/status/1348304470673936384?s=19

>Capitol physician sends warning to lawmakers that they may have been exposed to someone with Covid in the riot secure location.

🤷
But the other side will do everything it can to pump it
Hyuandai just bought Boston Dynamics and are working with Canoo. Seems pretty forward thinking to me
Lol I got a feeling we mooning Monday
I’ve been in NIO since May. This info has been out there on other platforms and here on wsb as well.  It was buried under 🚀🚀🚀 and delist posts though.
I didn't know that
Most importantly, which of the CEO’s of the company’s you mentioned is most memeable?
Yup, got 1/29 3500c for the run up. Not gonna hold thru ER though
Never go full retard guy! Nio is a real company lol
This is all a bunch of Hooey lmao.
Meh. He can just change tone to take credit for any continued mooning.
Ban
Your mom typed it. I’m her boyfriend.
I put my life savings in Tesla this time last year I haven't been disappointed
Nice windmills.
[deleted]
As a retard I just don't see retard or autism in him.
Well those that own SNOWFLAKE stock and calls are probably gonna give you some bullshit reason for why they bullish. Why would you want the opinions of a retard?
I looked through CES, when?
Now I am wondering if this is CCP shilling.

The biggest point for me from this post is that China is gonna be big on renewables because of oil. That makes sense to me 100%. Now how do I invest in Chinese renewable?

My biggest worry is that these chinese stocks are gonna get delisted. That's the primary reason why I've been staying away from NIO
Can’t believe Elon tweeted stock price too high imo again

[tweet](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Yup that’s one of the groups I was thinking of
AAPL earnings 1/29
It’s up 900$ 98.5% the only thing I regret is not buying more ngl, but don’t want that short term cap gains tax coming for my ass, it’s a hold for me
And with each step, he just accelerated the market gains by shooting himself in the foot.
Between her and Punxsutawney Phil, I never have to think again. Well done.
When tesla crashes im buying. Hold this bitch
Shut up meg
Cool if I PM you later?
Genius
Bro, I ain’t even gonna tell you how retarded you sound right now. 

Just know, Kendrick, Snoop, Kanye & Dre are shaking their heads right now thinking you sound racist.
Sold calls
As you described yourself here, NIO’s problem is that they don’t have a focused strategy— they try to create part of the luxury Tesla experience with their club houses but they also want to be a cost leader which has a lot of competition not just in China but from automakers worldwide. Tesla’s strategy is to focus on creating a luxury brand which appeals to the Chinese penchant for conspicuous consumerism while segmenting their customers via a premium product and a budget model. Eventually NIO is going to have to pick one strategy or the other to avoid being stuck in the middle with diminishing margins.
I feel sorry for you and your family when you get invited to go on a ‘free vacation’ to China. I love China btw ❤️🇨🇳 gimme Chinese tendies
Legit question 

How many up days can TSLA close? Right now we are on 11 days straight, which is incredible. I am thinking it’s got a few more in the tank, maybe 13 in a row.
Yeah I know do surprised the ticker isn't banned yet. MARA is also in the same space
Fuck it, I'm in. Free money guaranteed
If you believe in efficient markets then yes, if you have a brain then no, but you wouldn’t be here if you did, so good luck to you
Pandemic no where to slow down, earnings not to far away and also pt upgrade.
Not a utility. No "right" to use it. Do they even teach civics anymore?
That seems logic
What am I gonna do? Buy shares? 🤮
Smooth brain
There's a reason Samsung is putting screens and wifi on their fridges and washing machines.
https://twitter.com/JenniferJJacobs/status/1348310755121180677?s=19

>Someone huddled with US House lawmakers in the secure location during Capitol riot diagnosed with coronavirus, per the attending physician.
[removed]
Papa Musk will deliver those batteries even faster now that Nio is trying to compete. Here comes the $25k car that I will be buying.
[removed]
Its all fun and games until your ceo disappears
Big pp
Anyone in on C3.AI Leaps? I'm eyeing the 2023s
If anyone was actually good at DD they’d be at a hedge fund. Not playing the slots at a casino
Do you actually own NIO stock though?  I thought only Chinese could actually own stock in a Chinese company, like BABA isn't actually the company.
Lmaooo I hope not, I’ll just continue holding then
Wanna go bang some Cherokee chicks on the quad?
boomers are allergic to chewing quietly
[removed]
Wish I had more money to invest!
No bees in the winter dude
[deleted]
And they will deserve their losses as much as they deserved their gains
Trump said the market would crash if Biden were elected. The next 2 weeks, he's going to do anything he can to make that happen
Also sometimes you catch people tripping, pretty funny.
Not gon lie I haven’t used the word retarded so much until this fucking pandemic. You’d think that people actually had brains but I feel like 90% of the earth’s population is actually fucked retarded. Me included
Do you have wife swaps Sunday’s?
How? This is nothing groundbreaking. XPENG and LI already use them in their cars.
[deleted]
He's trying to say companies from every country do it so it's nothing to hold against NIO.
Last time we had a week like that some guy in my discord did this and made like 10k or something
[deleted]
Hold...the worst you ever will lose is 874, which will be never.
[removed]
2 shares? Imagine if you selling your shares ends up being the catalyst to the TSLA bubble pop.
You got puts?
The problem with this is the people leading those companies. Even if Barnes & Noble would have got on the internet as soon as they heard of Amazon they still wouldn't be what Amazon is.
Some smaller names don’t have the access to something like that and if a news station doesn’t want you on there show with big tech banning you then your are kinda be silenced
My car only takes $25 to get a fuel tank
Lots of people scared or bearish on TSLA, yes MORE
It was done because the US was spending way more money than it has in the 1970's to pay for the vietnam war and other social programs.

Other countries realized this and started cashing out their US dollars to gold.  The US dollar would have collapsed if they did not decouple from gold at that time.

As the OP stated, everything leads back to that.  It's not so much that it was evilly planned to be this way but that its the result of spending too much money in the past then borrowing our way out of it and manipulating the global financial system to make that OK.

That bad news is that now we are printing trillions more dollars so its about to get even worse. Asset prices are likely to appreciate to the moon while wages stay stagnant.  What we're witnessing right now is the result of the recent money printing.
[deleted]
>	 I won't have to give my life savings for simple maintenance.

Wtf?
And let the algos know??

Let’s just say my calls were not cheap. I can buy a new car with my cost basis
I thought NYSE has been ignoring the EO for delisting Chinese companies, but yeah I'm honestly not sure, either.
Yup. I was Samsung but then a girl asked if we could FaceTime and I had to tell her I couldn’t. I switched to Apple 2 weeks later
I bought at 3.45 and sold for a loss AMA
Not unexpected for this sub
California bitches just white thin assed sluts
Why didn’t i know about BLOK a month ago... fuuu
This is the way
Stonks go up!
Hear hear. Credentialism (the notion you need, eg, a bachelors to even apply for that secretarial job) paired with inflation-outstripping education costs are the biggest pieces of this puzzle. 

Boomers have nothing to worry about. Most will have their pensions until they die despite pension-funding crises because pensions are contractual arrangements. Most pensions are for public sector jobs; states typically are constitutionally prohibited from altering or impairing contracts to which they are a party. Millennials have no hope to receive pensions; instead, they are relegated to 401ks. Ditto for social security, most likely.

Boomers can’t get out of the system fast enough.
[removed]
Max loss
Shares? What do you want to share exactly? Do you want to share that you are a homosexual gayboi????
correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Cuomo say that New York gambling would be completely run by the state?
Neurolink > Air pods. Where that Apple brain chip at?
Yeah, and MM discussion the market behind closed doors.
Alright, I believe you, anon, godspeed.
And somehow these tech over-lords don’t understand that silencing 100M people probably won’t end well.
My wife's bf's helper monkey got a 6 digit salary and profit sharing at a hedge fund so I agree.
You do not understand what I am saying; F with Tesla LITERALLY.  Not financially dude.
Really???
I wish i understood calls back in march fuck
Thanks buddy, but it can be *pry, prize* or *prise.*
Baltimore wins that game. All they did was get defensive studs in off season
Why didn't you just bought 70$ worth of gas or something?
I agree on the PLTR shit because they don’t do anything newsworthy. But SPCE is easy as fuck to play. Just buy calls before/right after they announce another launch and then sell right before the launch.
Battery swaps are quite common knowledge.
Yes.
States with the hottest women. 

California, Texas and Florida.
It was like 15 minutes long as well.
What'll yall think the next headline will be? I'm just itching at the fact that the next natural disaster is gonna send this market rocketing
NIO house where you can bring your kids to learn the way of mother CCP? No one makes that shit up, has to be real.

NIO to the moon!
Post a pic of your 2 inch pee pee so we know you are a chink
They are telling you to make money on nio. Problem?
How are my call debit spreads on AAPL 134/135 and 136/138 looking exp 1/15
[removed]
Joke
Im sure it will. I can’t imagine it doesn’t
FaceTime is hands down the number one reason I switched to Apple years ago. Gotta be able to FaceTime sloots
Notccpbot does that mean you are really are ccp bot
Dude. We get straight up retards offering DDs based on drunken Scotch fueled premonitions with no more substance that a few rocket emojis and an all caps 'To The Moon!" We get 16 year old x-box call of duty mmo idiots with DDs that say to manipulate the market and cause a short squeeze. We get, 'Elon tweeted ______!" Followed by more rocket ships as DD here. And this is where you draw the line?
Oh yeah Chinese the Bad of the world Holy shit
At the end I want to make money
Nope. There is pretty much 0 competition. Just one of the many advantages they will be having working in their favor while shifting their business model.
Judging from your username you could try asking your bro instead
He was silenced?  I thought he still had a big press room inside the house he lives in, that we pay for, that he can use it anytime he wants.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Lmao i was gunna buy tmrow, now im not
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just came in here to say FUCK CHINA
nio leap with icln leap is my move i think
Can Tesla even be stopped? 🚀
Fuck yes!! I have a ton of common stock and warrants. Probably should have bought more options, but oh well. I’m just ready to see this baby moon!
How hard is it for smooth brains to chew with their mouth closed?
You son of a bitch, I'm in. 🚀🚀🚀
Hey slow down JuulBoy420, I’m just being conservative with my estimate.
Not familiar with etrade, but all the trading services I've seen show the options. 

When you click options, it'll take to you another page that has the list of options available.  They're listed by date and strike price.  

Example.  Stock A is listed at $10/share currently.  You think it's goin to go up to $20/share in the next 2 weeks.  Check the options for 2 weeks from now and look at the strike prices listed on that date.  Usually to the left of the strike price is the CALLS ask price (the Puts are to the right.  the strike price is usually in the middle of the chart). Remember the option is for 100 shares. So you find an option that's listed for $15/share that has an ask price of 1.50.  You would pay $150 (1.50x100 shares) to buy that option.  Then 2 weeks later the stock price is $20 like you thought it would be.  At this time (or any time between purchase and the strike date) you want to exercise your option.  You exercise this option which allows you to buy the 100 shares at $15/share ($1500 out of pocket), but you immediately sell the options for the market value of $20/share (2000).  you have just made $350 in 2 weeks.  ($2000 sales - $1500 to buy shares - $150 to buy the option = $350).

There's also selling the option without exercising it but I don't know enough about that to feel comfortable explaining it.  i'm still learning too
They may go down due to the fine
💩🪙 showing how the stock market will be at open tomorrow
So cal riverside county
Word up
Bears are almost certainly always fuk 

Today the saints will be fuk
Do you know how difficult it is to purchase a Nio in China? 
For example, Teslas are backordered for months or weeks, but if Nio only delivered 7k cars this year I'm sure the demand is MUCH higher than supply here. 

How long did your neighbor have to wait before they got theirs?
wow, are you actually retarded? Real question.
No, no. I put GME under the "Pride"
section... things that you're proud of.
yeah but the news will be executed mid january...so now
Kind of interesting you would ask for no racism while using ableist slurs left and right.
Florida. The culture in some cities has kids losing their virginity in 6th grade
He can just hold a press meeting if he wanted and have every television network on him
Lime green GBC was where it was at...Best $70 I ever saved up to spend.
The same way they’d get you to do it.
They sometimes don’t
You realise this is not a new claim? This has been said for at least a year. Once you realise Tesla is more about SpaceX than Tesla, you’ll understand.
I'm in!
[deleted]
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Oooo
You mean the best education system in the world? There’s a reason you Europeans flood into our secondary institutions and pay the ridiculous full non resident price.  But yea, Viva la France.
Calls on escorts if you have anything leftover from being a 🌈🧸🐻
Free market baby
Have held 2 shares of TSLA at 437, do I sell before the stock split when ever it’s gonna happen or hold and just keep holding
Ima buy 8 of em tmrow
EV autos is the new pets.com
That's been getting priced in for like...5-6 months? Give or take

Buy shares if you're bullish on it. Buy leaps later
😂
What sector of stocks will you buy with your stimulus check?

Electric Vehicles
Financials
Consumer Discretionary
Healthcare
Consumer Staples
Of the respondents, 58.8% of traders and investors told us they will buy electric vehicle stocks. Investors most frequently cited Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), Nio Inc - ADR (NYSE: NIO) and Li Auto Inc (NASDAQ: LI) as the stocks on the top of their wishlists. (Of course, only a fraction of one share of Tesla could be bought with $600 — shares closed last week at $880.02.)

https://www.benzinga.com/node/19091666
[removed]
Yeh but when?  Tards buy every dip and it works every time
Take your initial investment out and let the rest ride.
You have $4 million. Get out of your positions, start selling OTM weekly puts on blue chip stocks or SPY. Easy 6 figure salary for doing nothing. You can retire, travel, live your life, and never have to sit in front of stock charts again. Hell, you could live just off the dividends with what you have. Sell, but not because any of these will drop. Just because you don’t need any more money
Fuck china 🖕
Looking also, what strike you planning?
Does anyone have any thoughts about companion care robots and the coming need?  I've been looking for good companies to invest in but there's not a lot that are large enough to be publicly traded at the moment.
Dips were last week. Next stop moon.
They don’t want to get robbed
source? or joke
So what you're saying is buy Tesla calls? Got it.
Mr Market ples fly 🙏🙏
[deleted]
Taking a tard poll to decide what to with some pocket change. Either want to buy 1000C TSLA 1/22/21, or 45C ICLN 1/22/22, or 80C NIO 02/19/21?? Or some combo.
Might throw in for one just for the off chance it hits, I’m iffy about Chinese companies
What else do they have to do but fuck?
Yea the risk is worth the reward as far as I’m concerned. I’ll sell puts till I’m blue in the face!
Alaska had palin tho
Yea I forgot it at home
Cooked books don't matter for the next few years when they'll be required to be audited  to stay on the u.s. exchange
Mmm cassandra looks tasty
Except everyone was talking about the Mercedes S electric car, not the Taycan.  Have you driven a Plaid?  Because last time I checked very few people have, but hey, the Taycan *must* be better.
Move to Overland Park
Hey you mention waiting in charging stations, why are you assuming that there won't be waiting in swapping station then ?
they rallied like 10% last week....
Buy EOD, sell like a pussy PM.
Tsm. BLOK
🚀🚀🚀🚀
Man I remember reading some shit on Tether to USD and how they are being asked to provide paperwork...I think it’s for Jan 15...will be interesting to see how it goes after.
Not going to lie big tech silencing people is kinda scary even if it is 🥭 but regardless he is our president 

Just blows my mind
https://i.imgur.com/YUdXH4N.jpg
I doubled my position on the dip to the $11’s last week.    Let’s get this bread
Where the fucks your yolo
If everyone is saying “Biden announcing stimmy Thursday” that means its priced in. Right?
... glad I bought 1100's
Hate to be the buzzkill but if there’s no news by 930 we’re dipping back to 27-28.50 range
For the rest of the market, maybe. For weed and clean energy, not even close
thats hard. can you maybe suck the cashiers dick as  a payment?
Really? I figured it would be wise with the new administration
do i call it suki on my fuki?
Knowing them first might help so that you can build mutual trust, unless they have low self esteem, in which case you could manipulate her into feeling bad if she doesn't suck you. Either way - shoot your shot there are many fish in the sea.
Nope
I'm not being naive, I've seen him talk about working with sponsors.
As a Texan I cannot relate lol
Baby steps. It’s going to be a long while (if ever) before psychedelics are socially accepted. We are picking up steam with legalization of psylocybin in some cities (Denver/Oakland/SantaCruz), and the MDMA studies for veterans with PTSD have shown very positive results- but honestly it’s a niche market that most people dismiss. It is highly unlikely that the psychedelic market will pick up interest anytime soon.
The physical paper is a marketing angle. They read papers in theatric productions... they don’t read iPhone yet. The longer they can keep people buying physical papers, the longer they can stay afloat. 

Why read the WP when you can read the NYT or LHL.
ND in 2012 every waitress was also a stripper and a meth addict. Oil Booms are nuts
[deleted]
He's talking about the guy you replied to, not the OP..."what a lovely CC scenario". Covered Call.
I don’t understand warrants. If you could explain them (I asked in a reply above this) that would be great.
It is already 1/6 of their revenue at about 1 billion dollars a year and the demand is growing rapidly. Tons of people buy it. I could easily see them making 3-6 billion a year a few years down the line on that segment of their business alone.
I'm going to help make that happen.
Its dumb because they're going to fucking print 😂
F
Gtfo
$FAN will hopefully have new strikes open soon
That reality distortion bringing tsla to 1500 again tho?
Bullish WMT $150 3/19/21
 20 y/o here

I hope to be in your position in the future,  what age and what sector do you work in if you don't mind be askin
They've been drinking lattes on the moon for sometime. They're going to meet Elon on Mars
Lol so you got puts on Friday huh
TSLA is going sideways this week you Fucks and I have CALLS
have u tried using a credit card ?
I hate you but happy for you. Enjoy your tendies for all of us autists
2000*
Nobody uses cash anymore boomer
This, kids, is called the Big Brain™ inverse
Weed
BREAKING NEWS: JOE BIDEN PUSHES TO BAN STOCK MARKET FROM RETAIL TRADERS
It’s okay. If she wants to choke on your cock then size won’t really matter
Kansas is high key underrated. 

Still wanna leave tho
looking at this TOL dip, they are building like nuts around here.  if lumber comes down in price after Buydon fixes the canada tarrif mess their profits could goooo
This is such a a stupid pointless comment. Puts on this guy.
Boeing 737 breaks world record for descent speed: bullish
im holding 8 of those lmao
Yeah. Started creeping back up slowly
Bro this shit popped early December. A little to late to the party
#STATES WITH THE FREAKIEST WOMEN 

Utah, Colorado, Idaho

#STATES WITH THE LEAST FREAKY WOMEN

North Dakota, wyoming, Alaska
[removed]
When I jump out of planes I fall about 14,000 per minute. Sounds like engine failure.
what the fuck
Their own family
For the last time. Yes!
Monday blow off top
How long before 🥭 starts an onlyfans?
You’re literally retarded
Of course this sub breeds mouth breathers
Eh, it’s already at $350/share and is sitting at ATH. If it’s not a meme stock by now it probably won’t become one
how do they break the rules?
don't buy an ETF LEAP at like 60+% IV  when its largest holding just went like 70% in 2 days maybe
Was it last feb?

Make an announcement so some of us can get out when you buy.
The market has made me hate the weekends 💵💵🖨💵💵📈
Yeet me
I wouldn't be poor if I knew that shit dude
Its already 1/6th of their renevue to sell collectibles and demand is only growing. The margins are pretty high too. If Gamestop adopted the philosophy Cohen built at Chewy with a strong focus on customer service and specialized knowledge for their employees to be able to provide utlility you just can produce with a general store like Amazon... well the potential is huge. They have 0 competitors and would start with huge name recognition and millions of existing customers too. This is the vision I am buying their stock for. 

Glad I could convince you, welcome to tendie town.  🚀🚀🚀
Why Reddit not blocked in China yet ? That by itself is a red flag. Are we to believe that Chinese people have full freedom to say what they want without being monitored ? Bullshit .
Lmao, I still have shares at 43$, but these puts will profit before expiry, I'm just impatient and would rather not have to wait to pivot my money
Those are the worst
tell her you know elon musk
EOM?
They're also not developing the battery, they're "adopting" it from the same company that many other major car manufacturers will be using as well.
Not gonna lie it feels pretty scary that China is doing well and we might have to learn Chinese one day. I mean there are just too many characters.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/GroundbreakingAd198 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I was thinking fubo too. Surprised how bad it did on fri.
I always thought you had to earn your stripes... and thus why I have none.
Until the owner of Nio becomes too wealthy,  then it’s heads off to him and his family. #whereisma
Hey would you mind explaining the warrants to me? I read a bit about them but I don’t completely understand. I was looking at LGVW/WS on Schwab if that helps. 

They don’t seem to expire until 2025? And the price is only $6.15 right now. So I pay $6.15 for the right to buy 25 shares of LGVW... but at what strike price?
my pp ver smol
Eu companies suck. Not enough gains
yea so you get to play along with the tesla cult. Also it’s literally being run by one of the smartest investors of our time. She can keep 35% or more of aum in cash. market will correct this year and i think tsla will be hurt more than arkk. besides cathys gonna but the dip anyways. arkk is just so much less stressful that owning tsla outright
I hope you held on bro!
Yesterday u were talking about only having sex w 1 girl def a Mormon lmaooo
at this point the shoe shine boy's shoe shine boy is buying TSLA
God I can't barely read and you spect me to understant crayon lines? Just tell me if I am fucked with GME please
Def don’t call it a blowjob
SAME
Nightmare! Nightmare! Nightmare!
Is a correction coming this week
So is this a warning
Lol
F
Thats about Q3 I am talking Q4
Buy high, sell low
They’re nice bro come over
Considering this market, buying BA 300c at open
[removed]
I will never invest a single penny in a Chinese company.  I don’t care if the Chinese company invents wives’ boyfriends made of chicken tenders.
I like prize better now
OP trying to find new places to post now that Parler is down.
Why aren’t you on flatex?
With you there friend... has pretty strong support and resistance for a couple days then out of nowhere will pop up to its next level. The higher it goes, the less risky it gets. I don't think we'll see a major crash anytime soon (unless this comment is the catalyst)
Pack your bags sir
What do they do that’s freaky?
when was that, in 2000?
GME down -15 percent 🙌💎😎
snowflake rallies despite share unlock, they already had the article written
Wait the Apple car is a fucking Hyundai? Buying Appl puts
using slurs is fine as long as it's against disabled people, apparently
“They’re shifting from selling games to collectibles”. Do people actually buy that shit?
Good to see you’ve been working on your fitness since your last post bud. Breathing sounds on point
Direct approach
That was the point I was trying to make
That's what Tesla is doing now seems to be working.
Be funny. Be confident. Be hung.
love to see it
Trapped in Mormon church good thing it’s only an hour today
True autist, at least you’re consistent
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
PLTR
Can’t beat Bama girls...
Thanks for writing this man. I know we all appreciate it, and will buy senselessly based on this post. There was no way I was going to do any amount of research myself.
XL
If my March $75 NIO calls are itm tomorrow, i’m going to move to china 🇨🇳
Rest in pieces*
It's your prolific use of the word retard. You done good, kid.
They will be posted on WSB for sure
Listen to this guy OP, he did the math. I missed that you said this was 10% of your assets or whatever. My bad.
Premium autist
Alright, this has better be the damn week!!
And? Stocks aren't about the present, they're about the future. Does Renault have plans to increase their volume? Battery factories? When will that happen?

Batteries are the EV bottleneck, so unless they're building factories, they're going nowhere.
you betrayed NIO, so bend over and feel this swolen rock hard green Bull dildo tomorrow😈
Imagine solid state batteries could actually work lmao
i posted it already look for replies
I wouldn’t buy shares in Sarepta, and in the future I would never buy shares in any company their senior leadership gets involved in, from now until the end of time.
Huh, yeah a little far fetched but hey maybe 🤷‍♂️

Good luck out there!
I bought into GOEV on Friday so either wait for the dip on Monday or go with FUBO.
As a full time trader, I would rather recommend this form of analysis than the ones we've spent money on. TALKING BLOOMBERG, CNN, BUSINESS INSIDER, MORGAN STANLEY
The guys username has ccp in it, nothing to to with being Chinese you assuming
Oh... That's a lot less likely but hardly impossible either.
Hey mods, make this guy prove he’s Chinese or reducati... I mean ban
Yea just YOLO’d $2k or idk YOLO doesn’t even seem appropriate bc this is free money
attractive, semi affordable LEAPs right now other than ICLN?
What strike? I’ve been thinking about jumping in because it’s due for a breakout, possible regulation has me nervous though. That and it’s just a really expensive stock to play
Tsla 1/15 1000c trading for 1k a contract at close on Friday. Lmao. Dumbest shit I've ever seen.
This is amazing. Congrats guy
Source or ban
Wtf is Delta and Theta ?
So mu 4/16 and 6/18 25c are no good.   I need to push it out
The shit is not going down 90%.  That's the number that gets thrown around because that's what the Amazon dropped when that crash happened.  I'm sure there's going to be an EV reckoning at some point, but TSLA isn't dropping 90%.
Need real pictures of these houses not some fucking 3d models, not talking about the fact nio don’t even manufacture their own cars? There is 1b chinese and the social media pictures gather 5k views? 15 likes? 


Fucking pumpers of Chinese ADRs, this shit is not even audited. I hope karma hits you for all the dumb kids that will end up bagholding this... 150b in market cap for this goddamn
LSD and coffee really cleans the system
Corporate, slow and inefficient BlackBerry doing automated driving. What could go wrong lol...

Why isn't Apple working on the software? They definitely already have teams doing AI. They have the name and resources to get top talent to join them as well.

BlackBerry fucked up their transition to real smart phones so much that they are perceived as a boomer joke company by almost everybody.
Put most of it in arkk. Lmao. I’m gay for arkk but you realize that 1. It’s 10% TSLA and 2. It’s speculative as hell
sold Zoom at $89 after making a tidy 10% profit

bought puts the next day because i thought it was overvalued. stonk hit $500 a few months after this.
>	This is CCP shit to have more influence over investors (users here underestimate how much influence this subreddit has).

This idiot hasn’t heard of pump and dump
The concern is legit and I do agree that the risk is there. But with Biden getting elected I think the chance of delisting actually happen is slim and I’m taking that risk
Better to buy the warrants right?
What's the deal with MARA
2020 writers scrapped that storyline
I got calls my friend, up 60% on Friday alone
My man
Ask u/Jaydon1
Same thing is happening with conspiracy theory shills.
i am never stepping on a boeing plane again
Fair I got some ARKG at 95 so I can see that. Genomics advancement isn't a concrete focus of a democratic government though and renewable energy has only been stalled due to gridlock that we don't have much of anymore
But you also don’t remember Reagan NOT talking about those things.  Riiight???
Actually 500k is double 250k and 1 milly is double 500k so on percentage terms there’s just a 100% increase for both. Not significantly different lol
Fake News 

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.phonearena.com/amp/news/samsung-apple-lg-smartphone-sales-us-q3-2020_id128311&ved=2ahUKEwi208P35pHuAhU6CjQIHQ0vAGYQFjAMegQIHxAC&usg=AOvVaw13388LZFw33KRMweWhkVjO&ampcf=1
Lol it literally is change...isn’t going to make a difference either way. 

Just wanted to see if the rush would be the same / if it would go down as soon as I bought it. 

Weekends is when it rips usually.
Long $TIN foil hats
Top confirmed
I feel like girls in Kansas would be freaky
At least TSLA is back for convo, but that probably means we get theta’d until earnings. WSB Fomo never fails. But it’s better than seeing dumb ass PLTR posts constantly so many people bagholding that shit prolly lost a lot. If someone’s posting gain porn from their position you know it’s too late
not yet
[deleted]
what’s the news/new info it’s moving on ?
Just ask
Ya sounds like a wing tore off
That’s so fast ?
Thanks. I use DeGiro (Europe based)
Dude says “they put you under” and then in the next sentence says “they never put you under” is my 3rd grade reading ability deceiving me here
You know he secretly wanted it though. Look at Republicans today begging daddy Trump for martial law
Yeah, ATH NVdA tomorrow, Algos go crazy from anything that says electric.
Weed and clean energy
This was a wild read.
Everyone’s heavy on the Titans ML including me. 

I’m scared
$20K deep in March $3400 calls and I approve this message!
[removed]
Because it’s not a meme stock
This is like an aa meeting for retards
No. Only clean energy and weed leaps from now on🚀
!remindme March 31
All in
Tariffs are 27% so probably not.
LONG AAPL
They will relish with so much delight in being right for the first time in years that they will beat that dead horse into atoms.  Then we get to jump right back on with our huge TSLA gains from before, and ride it on back up.
[deleted]
How do I get an attractive girl to give me a blowjob? 5'9 and decent looks. 

&#x200B;

Must I show them my -99% Puts?
I wonder how did you got the flair
The thing is that the second round unlock shares are mostly not sold yet, just look at the daily volume 16M and 9M thursday and friday, They can't be all from the unlocked shares.

On the first unlock day there was 20M volume with 11M unlocked shares. I think at most only 1/3 of the unlocks had been sold to the public.

The question is that are they going to dump the rest of them soon? Are there anyone left who are willing to pay 300s, or 330s for those shares. As more shares are off loaded from those people, it will be harder and harder for them to move the prices up
this is actually the correct answer
I've heard enough. Yolo
[removed]
Great read, have to stay white pilled though
Exactly lol this has pump written all over it
BERS R DED N FUK
Broker calculates them from the premium price. What broker do you use? In RH they are somewhat hidden, then are in the bid/ask drop down when you select a specific option.

Calculating them once yourself by hand can be a valuable exercise to learn and understand how they work though.
They got Covid
I've been thinking the same thing
🤝 welcome home
Last time I touched Tesla, it was the first time ever and bought calls, it dropped 25%. September 🤡🤡


If tomorrow opens green, I’m buying Tesla calls.
Agree but AWS will absolutely crush aswell .
I like Amazon for Onlinesales but I love them for AWS.
I work in IT since 20 years, they are even ahead of Microsoft
Until the government arrests the CEO and nationalizes the business.
heard that the boeing plane that crashed fell 10,000 feet in less than a minute 😩 can you imagine? rest in peace to those who passed
There is no world where 2 options for Tesla 1/15 were ever $8.5k a piece when we are 100 of strike
Yeah just don’t hold so long theta burns your out
Which one is a better YOLO for shares - FUBO or GOEV?
we can only go up from here, unless there's a literal coup LOLOL
sorry I clearly worded it poorly. There will be 2 different days in the somewhat near future that has ridiculous gains. Like 10-15% in 1 day. Not the next 2 days.
2/19 calls :D
Is there a difference between trailing stop loss and trailing stop limit? Fidelity is not a very user friendly website.
How have you just turned back into a bull?
Why not papa musk? He’s richer and better looking 

No homo though
1/15?  maybe. Biden should be announcing stimulus 1/14.  cutting it close!
A few points on a Sunday morning



1. The new Space Race will dominate the 2020s much like software companies and cloud dominated the late 00s and 10s



2. There will be more to the business than just fun trips for millionaires. Government and research contracts for one. They are positioning to be more like a bus that takes people to space. 



3. About the $250k price tag - like the Tesla, prices fall as tech improves. It’s a tale as old as the Ford Model T. Some of you retards might still be alive in 2040 - space trips will be very possible in your lifetime. Still won’t be priced for peasants but much more achievable by corporate normies. 



4. Sub orbital travel. LAX to Shanghai in an hour. Like the space trips won’t be priced for peasants but there will be demand




5. Meme and PR potential. Tesla is making the world green. VG is advancing science and technology by partnering with researchers. Can you say the same about Palantir and it’s mass surveillance services?




Tl:dr SPCE literally = 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Fuck you, first sign of red and you'll be back to your bearish ways, homo.
Will it? 🤣 meanwhile while a factory is beeing built and probably ready somewhen in 2021 or later... renault is selling affordable EV.
Well that’s depressing, thanks.
Yep. Amazing to see post like this. Fucking pump n dump to the max
I was watching level 2 data on expiration this Thursday. As soon as it would show a small dip a random order of 15k at market price would come through lol 🤣
Hold
Who the fuck is iron condoring TSLA right now?
they dont want you
bruh. i have a wife but this gave me a boner.
Nio needs to gimme like an hour of hard dip on Monday so I can sell my puts and turn them around into shares
Funny how these people don’t understand a person can be bilingual. English isn’t even that hard in the first place. They should really get over themselves.
This sounds great. 

Darn just realized, NIO is going to be the future of tracking people in transport in China. Probably add is to the "starnet" module.

Note: "Starnet"  is what China calls there AI.
We killed em
Im sure helping on the chinese market right now is a great idea...Regardless of whether or not it goes like luckin.
[removed]
Who the fuck has $100k to drop right now?
💯
No I read the news lol. Solid state battery tech, Quick swap batteries, rental program, Lidar, and a car that’s ugly but not hideous like XPEV

This actually is something innovative from China for once. I’m impressed. They didn’t just steal Someone else’s IP
Chinese knock off Tesla
How the fuck do you not put Tesla and Nio as your top picks? Go drink some coffee and smoke a joint and stop hating on a pimp
Is that article on one of those portable boomer screens?
I don’t know how to cross post so feel free to do that ! And thank you!
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/coveredcall.asp#:~:text=A%20covered%20call%20refers%20to,to%20generate%20an%20income%20stream.
Calls on only fans 🚀
I won’t hate on you or downvote but honestly it’s practically impossible.  At $2K their market cap would rise to close to $3Trillion which no company has every reached and even Apple is far from reaching.  Even the idea of them reaching $1K on this current stretch is very far fetched.
u mean FCX
CCP can infiltrate and shill all they want as long as they give us tendies 🚀🚀
Agreee to disagree
In Pinyin “very” is spelled ‘hen’ rather than “hun”.  Good transliteration though!
This has literally been posted every week for the last year
[removed]
I honestly feel like this is going to be one of those weeks we are green as fuck at open everyday, but fucking tank each day. Then rinse and repeat till friday
Mods please flair "Born Again Bull." I have seen the errs of my past and vow not to buy another put until the bottom of the next crash
my content is worth maybe $0.50 a month tops. Oh well there goes that dream
Remember Asian murder hornets? What happened to that?
There’s absolutely room for an ARKG style correction. I’m not making a bet on the downswing, but there is good reason to wait for it to return to a previous level of consolidation.
I’m very happy they are allowing them (MARA also). They did just hit the 1 Bil mark
The momentum that builds on the weekend is necessary I think. I love two days where all number of good/bad shit can happen to create gap ups and downs
Does it happen everyday that we see a random chinese user with a perfect DD first post claiming how good chinese companies are?
Mr Beast just made a video where he bought everything in a Gamestop store. There's no way this can go wrong
NIO no go low !
Michael Burry thinks so. Scooped up 800,000 shares in November. https://www.gurufocus.com/news/1289435/scion-asset-management-llc-buys-facebook-inc-western-digital-corp-cvs-health-corp-sells-bed-bath--beyond-inc-copa-holdings-sa-helmerich--payne-inc
Because he hasn’t been on wsb yet. Then he would be...impressed.
They’ve always been balls deep in Reddit. But chasing EV plays into China had nothing to do with propaganda and it paid off for a lot of people. The post you’re referencing isn’t exactly underhanded if they’re admitting in bold letters they’re chinese and giving a viewpoint of the company at the local level.
[removed]
Just multiplied his purchase price by that % on my iPhone, math checks out
The key is to turn your phone upside down
Do we think NVDA moons?
I’m probably gonna sell more 16p on Monday. maybe another 50 contracts?
wow thanks for the on the ground research
Did Enron stop you from investing in Apple Tesla Amazon Microsoft?
Bro, where Jack Ma at?
Will my ICLN FDs print this week?
Well said
[removed]
MARA
We love you bro thanks for the info
Fuck China
I swear. It is completely unAmerican to have the market closed at any point when there is a global pandemic. Don't these people know I'm fucking bored!!!?!!
Yea im gonna wait until RKT IPO lockup expires and buy and hold it for years, this company really should not be this cheap
You read the dd too didn’t ya
RIOT is shartcoin dependent which is in a huge bubble rn. It’s in need of a strong correction down to 27k or so. Good luck.
Why is nobody talking about Spotify?
They get into earnings + their market doubles with china 🚀🚀🚀
Thats the entire goal. Ryan Cohen did it before and won and has said in serveral articles thats what he wants to do again and that he thinks Amazon is an easier target now than it was last time he butted heads with them.
This is the dumbest fucking DD I've ever read
lol what kinda surpise?
TSPA calls once again :)
I'm in at 14 average. Holding for a while. 

Happy so far.
This is why you sell in May and go away...
U retarded bruh
In March my parents had about 1mill $ sitting around and I begged them to put it in tesla. Instead they went with bank bonds that give around 1% a year. Sending this to them now...
The online store is fine and all but they need to grow their AWS top line as at only 10% of revenue, it's contributing more to their profit than any other segment
Don’t tempt me
Dump your whole portfolio into green energy and weed and forget about it
If NIO goes to $1000 I’ll nut my pants uncontrollably
Based autist
🌈
It's a pretty easy buy at $18-19 imo. I'm trying to get assigned more shares at more like $17 something. The question is whether or not to hold all through merger.
Will do, tell your wife I say Hi
No biden just got elected. It might cool off a little bit but as soon as biden even mentions giving money to this area itll pump
Sorry but I think Bears will fuck you. I’m betting on saints too, but I hedged with bears ml
Not sure but wouldn’t surprise me. It has done it in the past. I still think the run up starts this week sometime
Im aware of that but atleast the word is out you never know.
Mean it’s probably fake.
Gonna take half the sub out with it... that have the whole account on iron condor calls
Thank you for your service friends.
Idk they just get shit done
[deleted]
If you work 3rd shift like I do it makes things more interesting.. when or if I will sleep today is a shitty experience
Tested my theory, threw some of my change (after being hesitant over the last 2 months) in the only thing you can trade on weekends to feed my addiction....

Not only did it stabilize yesterday, it has gone down too.
Cool dude, have fun not talking
Not Trump
Will it open ath? Im tryna buy FD'S
[deleted]
People have been saying that since it broke 100 $
Min is $5 a mo
I agree it’s jacked
I’m holding a FD so I hope so
Already there. Was in with warrants when it was hovering 13, switched to options the day we were able to buy them a couple weeks back. 🦋 gang
I disagree it went better then expected, your not thinking long term
Millennial here. I have no idea what you are talking about. Reached record levels of net worth this year. No student debt at all. And own two rental properties. Maybe you really mean Gen-Z?
TSLA impressively holds above value because many investors are looking into the future future. That weird looking T is going to be the first company logo on mars.
We've gone up way too fast to not slow down and at least go sideways for a while. Buddies of mine that swore off trading have re-deposited $500 on Robinhood and are back in TSLA 20% in a week gain yolos
[deleted]
Trying to figure out if I hate money enough to try to time it.
Tesla about to rally another 25 percent this week just to fuck with the bears lol
Squeeze coming.
Lol i was buying 500 calls but got 510 instead by accident. then it split
well cathy bought a fk ton of Zm...
So easy to criticize a money losing play in hindsight.  The same mouth breathers will say don't miss with biotech stocks would also criticize doing it with a far less volatile stock if it loses money because the premiums are not worth it.

At least OP didn't sell naked puts AND calls like stormy did with TSLA.
Use them to buy NIO. More upside
Monday we eat
marvell is also a 5g auto winner with their semis and new acquisition
TSLA tends to do horrible whenever they announce any news except for delivery numbers.  On earnings they tend to fall, on battery updates they tend to fall, on leadership changes they tend to fall.  Why; they pump prior to the news then the actual news tends to be good but never meets the hype and it tumbles.
Pathetic earnings report? Shit Tesla has the best gross margins in the industry by far (23%), positive free cash flow and a huge chunk of cash on the balance sheet. Add to that increasing software revenues, projected 50% growth rates, and TAM expansion with a $25k car and you start to see why their multiple is so high. People calling this a bubble don’t understand the financials of the company, or they make the mistake of looking at the trailing PE vs what PE will be in a couple years.
Are you saying down in general or like a technical support?  Or crash?

I don’t agree or disagree, I’m really wondering.
“Fast shipping with $0 delivery fee....because you can pick up your order”. LMAOOOOO!!  And they’re going to compete with Amazon?
There are 8 paragraphs in my post...
Hello, I am your tall son. Give me 10k daddy.
Buy leaps or shares retard
So does this mean solar companies will go up as well?
They literally are income tax rates
I am an investor and not even slightly dissapointed...🚀🚀🚀
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/punkindrublicrpp|[What do your NIO calls look like?](https://redd.it/kufzih)
/u/kekistani71|[Making a vanguard account.](https://redd.it/kugc99)
/u/poopfootsally|[Thoughts on TOGGLE?](https://redd.it/kugoti)
/u/itsonlyfiat|[GME short-thesis. Where are the 🐻 posts?](https://redd.it/kugp22)
/u/outletstore|[first week of trading](https://redd.it/kugroq)
/u/Golfyguy88|[Calls for 1/15 2021](https://redd.it/kugy5l)
/u/Nicks188|[$IPOC ->> $CLOV equals 🚀 🚀](https://redd.it/kuh18l)
/u/johnrileymc6|[FROM $4.5K TO $146K IN 3 MONTHS. 3000% RETURNS. Aka 30 bagger. Attached the 3M chart & All-Time chart for the doubters. These are real returns on $MARA calls since November.](https://redd.it/kuh1c5)
/u/Snurtysnurts|[I made an ETF that I think all you guys should invest in](https://redd.it/kuh9qi)
/u/arayasem|[TESLA gainers who haven't sold yet, what's your exit strategy?](https://redd.it/kuhmm7)
Ok commie
You think in 2 days it will be 2k? Lmfao. This is a great troll post actually
[deleted]
"When is the Lock-Up Expiration

According to BusinessWire, the lock-up period "...is expected to continue until the start of the third trading day following the date of public disclosure of Palantir's financial results for the year ending December 31, 2020 (the 'lock-up period')." Basically, the lock-up period on the remaining 80% of insider shares is in effect right now and will end on the third trading day after Palantir’s next earnings call (which should take place in February or March 2021).
"
Maybe *this* time, the wackos are right
[removed]
Figures I’ve seen put the Jenkins family as 20% owners and employees at 80%. Only reason they would go public would be if the Jenkins family sells off which is doubtful by just about everybody. 

Publix sits on tons of cash so even if they do expand out of the southeast they won’t need the funding really. Fun fact: every property they buy or lease is done entirely in a cash transaction.  Also their ownership is very smart and abides by the “too big too fast” mentality. Don’t think they’ll expand till they have a considerable market share in the Southeast. 

A semi-Publix play would be $BRX. That’s the realty group that Publix does the most business with but there’s a lot of other factors there. 

Also another reason Publix is looking at what Albertsons did this year and is probably not rushing to the NYSE anytime soon.
"NIO Partners with NVIDIA to Develop a New Generation of Automated Driving Electric Vehicles"

Selling my NVDA shares Thursday afternoon looked like a good idea at the time.
Are you....retarded? Germans are always at the forefront of innovation. A 10 year old S class has the same tech that you see in top end Japanese, American, and Korean cars. 
I’ve said it a million times before, Tesla’s edge is autonomous driving. Battery tech will be an even playing field by 2022. In fact, I see Porsche, Audi, Mercedes, heck even Detroit tards edging Tesla out.
AI
possibly.
When people get downvoted, it's always 'bots' and 'ccp shills'. Real people downvote stupid stuff, too.
Mine too.. My balls are going numb tho
UBER calls weekly
Im just going to FOMO into ICLN. Only mass profit taking gonna pull this bitch back and since it's an ETF I don't see that happening.
Wow!
they aren't talking about 2022😂 Jan 22nd
Thinking about taking time off of school and going to Nepal and living in a Buddhist monastery for maybe a year
It's been like a game of chinese whispers, one analysts dd says "dont get to excited about ICR and holiday sales" (while also having written covered calls he doesn't want to print) .... and that has becomes "ICR is going to be a bloodbath, the holiday numbers are aweful"

It's been quite interesting to watch.
Put gang reporting
[deleted]
My 880c hopes youre right! Easy 5 bagger
Are Greeks listed somewhere in the product info or on broker? Or do you need to calculate them yourself?
Tsls
Jesus fucking Christ that’s the biggest paragraph I’ve ever seen. Edit it and break it up wtf
when is the bidu hong kong ipo?
Big week for GOEV.  

Will see if there is a 2nd pop on more Apple Hyundai rumors, plus they are speaking at CES.
i wonder if NIO will be affected by Executive Order 13959?
I extend my hand in friendship from my retarded country to yours. Thank you retarded friend. NIO to the US, and then to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I don’t give a fuck I just want to make money retard
Next week will be wild, no matter if it's up or down
Need a 1k play
Artiffeecel Interrigence
Serving up confirmation bias like fried rice
So Monday red? Lol
The tech already exists - Philips has a supremely better product but it’s at a premium, whereas butterfly is cheaper. The increase in demand for handheld&portable ultrasound devices has stagnated over the past couple years. TAM seems very loosely fitted. But perhaps, Covid as accelerated the need for out of hospital ultrasounds!
See you in the gulag my friend
This Tesla hype train gonna end soon. Love the company w a great future but they are way too high rn
There’s a lot more wumao energy on Reddit, Twitter, and other big social media lately, I’ve noticed, including r/stocks .

 A reliable way to tell if you’re dealing with a wumao is if they make blatant excuses for Xinjiang, or if they draw comparisons to Enron when you bring up, say, LCKN or fake GDP figures. This comparison is unpersuasive because Enron happened decades ago and spawned a whole host of transparency and bookcooking laws companies and their public accountants now have to comply with.
He’s a fundamentalist, ignore him
No you’re getting downvoted because a random guy posts a DD and he just happens to mention he is chinese and you obviously have to connect him to the CCP because of that. You are a piece of trash, that’s the end
Didn't consider that. Makes sense.
Check the votes for market direction
Yup 👍🏻
Where is jack ma 🤨
Your energy is killing the momentum. Get out
Why are you edging joe rogan
Nobody ever went broke by taking a profit
Yeah that's why I am asking who actually owns snowflake shares because everyone has a different perspective.
What does that mean? Lol.
Wackos
Gonna open atleast 3% up
Come on man we all know TSLA only goes up
yep don’t know what that is
To all the retards do your DD , you got retards trying to manipulate you to sell/buy because they are holding puts/calls leverage to the tits. Personally I just bought some calls because of Ryan's tweets.
[deleted]
it’s China bro they built a hospital in 2 days
We need to protect what is ours. This is not the first time chinese/russian bots getting influence on reddit
Yeees
I’m looking for a significant other
Bullshit
NIO LEAP?
supa powa
Fine
😆
No dude. I’m bullish on TSLA but no.
I’ve developed a fool proof market gauge. 

Bears are fuk.
buy the rumor sell the news bruh. Uncertainty creates over valued speculation which historically is over priced then people go "oh well thats not THAT  great" and take profit and then people buy back in the dip for the next rumor to drool over
Tell me... how much can you resell your digital download for once you are done with the game? Oh yeah, a big fat $0 because you don’t have a physical copy.

Who exactly is getting got here?
Really no reason not to at this point.
its a rumor but i heard this month
If you give a 6 month discount 😤
I see you open your bear mouth in every fucking GME thread now? If you're so certain put your money where your mouth is and short the stock and get off the sideline.. Lmfao 🌈🐻
i have 3000 $64 calls for 20cents each, so  it has to go 65+, i need the tendies
This is the first gme post that actually kind if convinced me. Having a place to buy pc parts online and pick up in store sounds cool. And focusing on other gaming merchandise like funko pops and shit could work.
They're already rich as fuck. They don't care about fiscal policy because they already have more money than they can spend in 10 lifetimes.
Well said. It's not my only holding at this point but definitely the biggest. I'll keep holding
Yeah it’s going to be a huge Q4 for sure, I’d be carful with assuming it’s EOM though. Earnings date hasn’t been confirmed yet and the last couple of quarters they’ve delayed it by a week, it’s possible they could have their earnings report first week of Feb
1050 1/15 let’s go lads.
[deleted]
I’ve been in office since June honestly I feel a lot safer there than being home with my dumbass roommates
It’s actually better written than most of the garbage on reddit.  Thank you very much for the Chinese perspective. As a NIO investor, this was a great read! Have you considered posting this in /r/NIO?
I was looking at getting some ITM SPY puts as a hedge against ongoing terrorism from right extremists. 

Puts are such a bad fucking deal, though. I’ll just wait to see if ICLN pulls back to $28 or so, then pick up some LEAPS on that.
China infrastructure
Bc he has Tesla 1500 calls and he’s just hoping for some biased support like “no way, TSLA to the moon!”
they have the potential to disrupt major. all the poor countries with no access to expensive ultrasound equipment can just buy a fkn butterfly iq for 2k and link it up to an iphone.
It’s a socialist market economy...
I called ATT in Austin to see about getting a 12 pro. They said no Austin store has any and its a 10-14 day wait period to get one.
Now I understand the look my dogs give me when I feed them; it's the same look I have when vito posts DD!
They made the batteries out of Jack Ma’s remains
Battery day was a disappointment. Investors were expecting a product and all that was presented is future lineups and provisions. Overall it was bullish but the market overreacted.
Just need another couple of 20% days on RIOT

I'm surprised wsb hasn't banned that ticker yet. Once it can make you money the gay mods ban the ticker
Buffet has dumped other mortgage holdings such as Wells Fargo.

Berkshire exclusively uses Rkt for mortgages.

He's been a big fan of Dan Gilbert their CEO

Has been building a secret position in a company left off their last 13F filing.

RKT is to announce a financial partner in 2021 (I believe Q1)

Edit: might have talked myself into picking this position back up...
I did the homie. Bought at $5 and sold at $5. Finally bought back at $30 and have been holding. Ride the wave yo
This makes me sad people will fall for this shit...
[removed]
I’ve been watching zm a bit too. So you think once Biden takes over and enforces lockdown it’ll pop again
When media and Chamath guy are overhyping it you know the end is near
The pivot from presenting as retail to presenting as a tech company at ICR is bullish af. 

Don’t come crying when you miss out you 🌈🐻
Roads without speed limit are called Autobahn. These go straight, but the most fun on a motorcycle are roads with turns and bends (twisties), These are limited to anywhere between 30km/h to 100km/h, because they are narrow and turns can be dangerous. Also as you know there is stuff next to the roads, like trees, dividers. And don't forgot other traffic, cyclists and so on. Lots of Things to Slide/crash into.  And when you crash on one of these small roads, there are Most likely out in the middle of nowhere, so rescue takes a Long time.

As opposed to a racetrack where you have dedicated gravel pits to buffer your slide, no oncoming traffic, Lots of turns and an ambulance on site.

So where do you want to go hard? On the street where you Most likely break the traffic rules, slide into a divider and bleed Out waiting for the ambulance or go to the racetrack?

Sorry, not meant to be a rant, but there are enough reckless Bikers who think street racing is cool and fun, which ruins the image of all of us.
When Giga Berlin is finished. The price will be lowered and Tesla will have a lot more cars to sell Europe. I wouldn't call Renault. 

Giga Berlin will be finished this year if the Germans quit complaining about cutting down a tree farm.
The whole site is astroturfed to hell and back these days. Just assume everyone's either a bot or 12 and you'll be fine.
Bruhhh

 [TVIX wild ride. ](https://imgur.com/a/EKTGrTo)
You don't have 103k until you sell the stock!
definitely a disruptive innovation company
all in Nio calls?
Are there any dedicated game stores (physical or online) that already have the brand size and presence of GameStop to use as leverage?
Do a debit spread.
Again agree and think TALA is superior to NIO my argument is simply based in the fact that the largest addressable market is in China there for NIO has home court advantage and eventually will be bigger in China.  And most likely the company that sells the most cars in China and India (combined account for just under 40% of the global population) will win.
I WON THE TRADE. I WANT A RECOUNT OF PLTR 12/4 40C
Hahahaha Romania?
Samsung is like index fund shitty ass boomer shit technology.
[deleted]
The transition itself is priced in.

Actions taken in the immediate aftermath of the transition may have substantial impact. We'll just have to see what they are.
Does this have anything with dr.pp?
Give it some time
Majority of ultra rich people are smart enough to follow what’s best for their financial interests depending on where they’re at geographically on the country.
These people forget the offering they did which was bought up within an hour
It’s annoying when you send that group text and because of one android user it turns green
Surprised that 6 other people know this quote lol.
I had 1000 shares of NIO at 7, sold at 12. Thought myself was a genius.....
Good god, I’m starting to like the next 4 years even more
i have a call... cuz im retrded... but plz give me some reasons why i might make pennies...
Calls on sleep disorders
Here is the preview: (of 7k comments)

Weekend dow doesn’t matter

🌈🐻 Fukd

🐂 r fukd

Up bigly 

Down bigly

Huge green dildo coming

Huge red dildo coming

We gapping up tomorrow 

Circuit breakers tomorrow

Was that the recession?

Red at night, bulls delight.

Futes don’t matter
That’s on you
Great work bud - thanks for the local feedback. The only hesitation or worry I have is the dependence on china/american trade relations. Is this a bullshit concern or should I wait to see the politics pan out?
[removed]
They gonna smash and make alot of autists money, just need to time a good dip
I was simply stating facts. Not doubting Canada is also doing amazing jobs with hydroelectricity.
Good you paid attention.
START THE COUNT
They absolutely destroyed earnings last quarter with that 12.37 EPS and the stock fell. I could not believe it. I agree that they are indeed due for a breakout, but I think they'll need another 12+ EPS and some new excitement for them to do so.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Is anyone else worried about all this bullish news that seems so great for TSLA but yet it seems every time this happens TSLA goes the opposite direction for no reason.... I.e. battery day
That's a bit dumb. I mean this is a huge bubble, the odds are there that it will play out somewhat text book. That means you absolutely should: have a limit sell, set it to some absurd price and watch out for a blow off top.

I quote investiopedia: "Those who successfully identify blow-off tops have a unique opportunity to capitalize on the overreaction of other traders. "

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/blowofftop.asp

Watch out for: huge volume increases, price going vertical gaining silly amounts in a short time (e.g. +20%) and huge gap ups at 9:30. I don't think we have seen any of that, but we are probably kinda close. The largest gains come towards the end of a blow off top. Since you won't be able to time the exact top, it's better to sell into the vertical blow off top increase than into an accelerated decline, when everyone scrambles for an exit.
[removed]
If I start an onlyfans and charge $0.25/month is that too high? Would you guys pay it?
[deleted]
Thots and prayers
Wait for a dip on those two. They’ve run up a lot
when does S&P release new announcements?
Petition to keep markets open 7 days a week
See above for "many" of those millionaires. I'm not talking about the ones who just barely break into seven figures. Add another zero and that 100k becomes only 1% of their net worth.
Exactly which counters any ethical issues
And a cAARPL in a tunnel
🌈 🐻 are gonna downvote me. But I just have this gut feeling and image in my head that there’s going to be news headlines that history repeats itself, and TSLA is going to have 2 massive run up days up to 2k again and split again. Buckle up, because the fomo just started. Biden and blue senate. Earnings coming up. NIO is adding so much fuel to the EV hype. So many more reasons.

TSLA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Women see you as a better reproductive partner with iPhones. Green messages? Getting curved fast
I think it’s “pry”
[deleted]
It’s the weekend but I see your point
102 and 120 calls? What was that, a typo?
[deleted]
I don’t have a penny in $TSLA but man if it goes down it’ll drag the whole s&p and tech stocks with it
[removed]
This is the way. I think this DD is pretty accurate but it's 3-6 months too late for the kind of gains people like around here.
Got it, thanks
that cost 21 grand 😩
People on here buying NIO, TESLA, BAIDU, QS, and the CO1N like they gonna use the C0IN to purchase a NIO car, TESLA, BAIDU car, QS, and an apple car.
How will that be so? It costs 250k for a commercial seat - how many people can afford that? Also, how many people that CAN afford it will bother doing it twice? This shit is primed for a hype and dump
Just saying if you look at OP name his breathing issue is the least if his concerns.
While it's possible Nio is a great company, I don't think it has the same potential as Tesla for a simple reason. Tesla isn't highly valued because it's a good car company, they are highly valued because they are a tech company with a decent chance of being the first to own fully autonomous vehicles and a global driverless ride-sharing service. 

Not to mention Tesla, unlike Nio, has amazing vertical integration which lowers costs over time.
I kind of want my College Basketball parlay to fail already so I don’t have to lose my shit with these idiots and focus on the NFL
Noted, thank you
Good DD
When you're a currency sovereign It's not actually a question of money but labor allocation.
why?
[deleted]
Hopefully hits 950+ by mid week and sell some point on the upswing?
Thank you. That 6k was down 27% all time and now that 4K is up 17% all time. It was extremely scary
Thanks! IBKR is 0 fees on stocks, right? Does it support instant deposits?
My dick has been hard all weekend waiting for open
[removed]
I think I am going to wait a month before going back into puts on SNOW.  

About 1-2 weeks prior to the 1st two lockup expirations it bled like crazy, only to pop on the actual day of expiration.
Good post, sad that your top picks are tsla and nio, shows how little thoughts you put into actually researching green stocks
Anyone thinking of going in big on LGVW? I was poking around Butterfly’s website and their tech seems like it would be revolutionary for operating rooms and ultrasound procedures.
I said hold me not right me an essay.
The stock is at a 2 year ATH and has increased 300% in the last 6 months.
Bidet grabbed his staffer by the pu**y alright. That was her complaint. So I guess it’s time to impeach the pedophile with dementia.
Why
Not enough bears in this thread on a weekday.

Conclusion. **Rug pull next week.**
Is that a new club?
Ok dude
To anyone worried about TSLA AH dip, it fell that same amount mid day and was bought up back close to the high by EOD. No worries fellas
Switch to MARA
Ah so you mean DKNG to the moon and PENN to Mars if you're correct?
[removed]
I will take 1-2 thx
Tesla Monday is going to be red as fuck
And their son
OPEN UP OUR MARKETS
All I'm saying is people aren't going to magically stop being jerks or stupid just because all the magic cars are working together to make white collar workers' commutes a little faster. Autonomous vehicles working in coordination to make driving infinitely safer and more efficient seems like an all or nothing thing to me; I don't see how it can work if only 50% of the cars on the road are in on it. And you can still pull out in front of a Tesla on a bike if you get your license revoked lol.
Look at the sub we're on.  No, I don't know what you mean.
okay perfect ty
What platform do you use for them?
I just opened a TD Ameritrade account but damn their interface is terrible.
Half of us are waking up on Sunday morning and first thing we do is come here to bitch that it’s not Monday yet.
Everyone scared of a democrat pipeline but this mfer bout to invest in MURICA and attempt to suck off china for the greater good.
s&p coming
Yeah the majority of ultra rich people are hardcore democrats
Thanks for the DD, Brother!
Because they're products of the American educational system
Drive on wireless charger in your driveway?

Oh fuck thats not a bad idea actually
This is the way
You could sell that right now, put it all into a dividend ETF and live comfortably for the rest of your life on the divs alone
[removed]
I got 150 shared the ride up will bring plenty of money but if it makes 20%+ i wanna be really rich
This is the way of pumping the market ! NIO to the moon. !
The spirit is willing, but the portfolio is weak
I dont see anything in the news about stolen AOC shoes
Can I get a TL DR for the TL DR.....the fuck this guy think this is? chick fil A???
Gagiule, we are in this together
SPCE will be doing holidays to Elons mars colony by the 2050s
Congrats on going positive all-time
It dipped that same % mid day and was bought up easily. I can see a red open happening, but people are buying every  dip so far. 

My thoughts at least.
Hell yeah, I'm looking forward to the Twitter and SQ sale on Monday if there is one. I'll do my patriotic duty and scoop some up! (& ARKF leaps).
Lol he’s not dumb. If you read the article he started his career investing in value companies. Everyone with an eye knows EV is in a bubble but we just don’t know when it’ll pop. Might be soon might be never. I’m just surprised for someone who’s done it once he’s gonna do it again. Guess he’s too autistic for us 🤡
is this too late to get in on at 930 monday?
i start online classes in half an hour. calls on zm
I’m in 🚀🚀🚀
Grab them by the pussy, the real kkk was orange
Who remembers the fuckin wild ride that was TVIX around last March?
Earnings is the end of the month. I wouldnt go FD but I’d get them for a month out at least. It’s going to be a massive Q4
DING🛎DING🛎

**OPEN THE MARKETS**
Priced in already
Hey Steel Daddy,

Firstly, thank you for your DD. I’ve been sitting on April and June calls for a few weeks now. With your latest projections, have you changed your price targets on $MT over the next few months to a year?
Nice DD, but can I get some positions up in hurr?
Wednesday boiiiiiiii
Funny, I don’t remember Reagan talking about an unelected central government disappearing people to concentration camps and crushing their businesses.
[deleted]
friday AH literally does not matter
Source on that?
I meant call options specifically in that context. You are right about puts.
Whatever the reason may be it's fucking ridiculous. It is in no way shape or form grounded in reality whatsoever. Things like TESLA that is arguably overvalued  actually have a bright future ahead with legit prospects of getting the whole world to own their products. But fucking trash dash? It's got many already well established competitors, nothing new, tied to a dying industry that's in some serious fucking trouble at the moment and will continue to be so in the foreseeable future and yet some how its valued more than all of its competitors put together and then some? Literally no one can answer why DASH deserves the price it is right now. It is one of the few stocks where there really should be no upsides.
How is Canoo involved in this?

I bought the top on Canoo (of course) so I'm really fucking salty and looking to make it back.
Might be a nod to Toyota if they succeed in hydrogen it should kill EVs
'cause the war never ends
I agree but like it's life savings we are dealing with here. Sometimes the time is right for a justified pussy
>“I have ascended the omnichannel” and laugh.

lmao
If battery swapping is one of the main advantages, i don’t see how that can be easily replicated outside of China. It’s a successful model in China because, like you elude, the PRC subsides that infratructure
[deleted]
Hi, I'm new to the stock market. Will January 20th affect the market at all?
Why?
ICLN🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I go through cash app how do i use calls? Literally cant find it anywhere
Saints always seem to blow when they're supposed to win
I sold AMD for 2.72 in 2016 (iirc) because I was up 50%.
Yes. I don’t remember which day. But I know for a fact yes because I was sweating balls. And the. It just fucking went in a rampage and I made so much money.

Relax.
How the fuck is SPY supposed to get to 400 with the market closed. Stingy bastards, hurry up 😩😩😩
I had TSLA shares I sold at 400s pre-split
lol you can trade VIX FUTURES on the tos but no the VIX itself
I bought another 1k shares and sold puts around Christmas. So I’ll be sitting on ~4k shares on Jan 15 if it closes under 20.
Samsung’s are fucking ugly. Plus you need an iPhone if you want to FaceTime bitches
Y'all not ready for Bearpocalypse 3000
That’s my plan, I see NIO as a long term play I don’t really jump on and off
communist propaganda, watch out!!!
I’d say it’ll go up between $20 and $40 every day this week.
Go to pornhub or xvideos and type small pp in search bar. Then google the production company name tagged branded in the video, then reach out to them informing of your small pp and porn dream.
[deleted]
Lmfaoo this is so accurate.
Your English is very good! Knowing multiple languages is sweet! I also speak Polish, ladies love it when I throw down a Kurwa or two
301% is relative... someone’s negative account may still be bigger than his.
Idc if the president is blue or red 

I JUST WANNA SEE GREEN BABYY 🤑
Yes
PSTH GANG VALHALLA TM??
I would agree with this. The president is a very spiteful person and will probably join something like Gab or Parler (possibly). If he does and even if he doesn't expect it drop Monday regardless. Could always sell or buy puts then rebuy cheaper later if you wanted to.
Hindsight is a bitch but I'm sure you had your reasons. I cringe so and when these retards call you a retard for not holding a stock 20 yrs back with their current knowledge..
AMZN has been trading sideways for months
I’m fully torqued🍆on 2/19 27c. Once they announce the next launch date it’s literally🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
SPCE is fucked
It seems like NIO day was a success. Was there anything in the presentation that will make the bulls charge even harder though? 

Hoping there’s not a sell the news moment on Monday.
Physical copies of games. On Steam, you cannot resell games, and you cannot buy games for friends and relatives who are tech-illiterate. And you cannot have a trade-in program on Steam. 

Basically there is this huge non-digital void in gaming that no one is filling right now. That is where GME comes in.
NFL playoffs, NBA back in session, NHL about to be back, New York looking to legalize sports gambling. 

DKNG set up for a moon mission this week.
Has TSLA gone red AH at all during this run up? Friday it’s down 1.5% AH...could be a bad sign
I volunteer to help your day go by quicker. You can clean my house next.
This would make my week friend! Do you have any rumor links or analysis on why you think so? would love to hear!
All in
This is the new paradigm
You belong here
Model 2 ($25k) being developed in China and expected by eoy or early next year.
Protects from an IV crush and time decay. Pretty much all the things we hate about natural calls. It's pretty nice if you get a chance to learn
[deleted]
Got it thanks!
Basically every dollar icln goes up the premium will increase, but for every day that passes it will go down 1 cent. 

So if icln increases by $1 every 44 days there’s a profit, and it grows by a large margin if it increases quicker
9 out of 10 smartphones sold in USA are iPhone models. 1 Samsung model. 

Apple will destroy those earnings estamates
This wouldn’t work. If a single invested triggers the short squeeze they won’t be able to get out in time because of the amount of investment that would take. For example, RC is locked in and can’t sell anything for 6 months. So the squeeze doesn’t benefit him directly, but it would kill the shorts off and stop depressing the value of the stock.
NIO aside, how the hell did you insert photos between text like that?
It's all gucci until the CEO steps out of line and suddenly your favorite company no longer has a leader.
Can even see his meat without a mirror?
Start an onlyfans and link it here and you will be pulling in 6 figures in no time
Man that sub and their obsession with snowballing each other  😳
Buy the dip Monday morning or Tuesday after Super Bowl
Agree. CRISPR is taking off in the medical community and mainstream has barely started catching on
I did a bit of "research" and found a few things to check out for yourself of you are interested in GOEV, I only skimmed a bunch of random articles without checking sources

Hyundai Motors (and Kia) double down to invest $87 billion into GOEV over a span of 5 years to develop smart electric vehicles, with an ambitious goal of over 25% of total auto sales being electric vehicles by 2025

Hyundai Motors just acquired an 80% controlling stake in the creepy robot company Boston Dynamics

Hyundai is working with Apple on "Project Titan", an electric vehicle project. Will GOEV be involved with Apple's smart car?

Apple's smart car is projected to hit consumers in 2027, and be sold as an "experience" that changes our perception of auto travel. Think if Steve Jobs achieved ipod level creativity and success with electric vehicles

BlackBerry has entered a deal with GOEV to produce for their cars the ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance System) aka the computer/software of the car

Now imagine it's 2027, and the first fleet of autonomous, electric smart cars hits the streets. Branding by Apple, sold by Hyundai, designed by GOEV, programmed and secured by BlackBerry.

Subscription based smart electric vehicles.
WTF is that TL:DR paragraphs.. sir.. this is a Wendy's
Here is a thing, your job is like JNJ stock, it doesn’t do shiet but also pay dividends (your salary) so basically if the shiet goes downhill, you are secured! If you are making money now while you still working your job, keep on doing till u are 100% sure, you dont job
Oh absolutely. It’ll easily be up 5-10% tomorrow
Whats p?
I still have calls and some shares but I sold many for Tesla sorry
Lol you retards don't even have an own language xD fucking cringe bro
ya i wonder what numbers too, one things for sure i guess they'll be driving because of course a ton of them got banned from airlines for not wearing masks lol
I think and want steelers to win. But I feel like it’s gonna end up being browns. Sorry
https://www.finanzen.net/bilanz_guv/tesla

only until 2019. My information is outdated I assume
Because it is prophesied that 2 bulls would someday ... somehow... give birth to the most powerful bear to bring balance to the force
If you want to trade options: Interactive Brokers. If you just want to buy and sell stocks you can go with Degiro.
You fucking idiot should’ve gone with da bears 🐻
I always get a kick out of people that don’t like CA. Literally all 9s and 10s walking around and great weather, nature, and food is decent. Turn off Fox News
He’s gonna lose it all. Perfect form of autism.
Icln leaps
SPCE will be the Tesla of the 2030s
When HMNY was delisted I still had like 42 shares or something worth a few cents. I was able to still sell them via RH to clear it.
Truth, entrepreneurship in China is crazy
Yes
actually I have enough to buy 100 shares on margin and sell this call myself
Moon 100%. I can see 1 day pulling back, and the next day it just fucking soars.
[removed]
1140c checking for 1/15. When do you plan on selling?
Depositing 5k on Tuesday what’s the play? ICLN? NIO?
Got a bunch of LEAPs. It better do at least 50% this year
I saw shit about AMZN dropping but I’m too retarded to remember
Appreciate the fundamental information and insight. I never calculate fundamentals even though its noteworthy. You show me the chart I'll tell you the news.
Laughs on non robinhood app
Tim Apple is
You making a documentary?
Probably Woogi from 'something about mary'
They don't have any money to put in the market so, no....
Your shit post was fine but I downvoted anyways just to join the club 

Fuck you bruh
WHO READY FOR THAT OPENIN BELL??

DING GANG WHERE U AT?? GIMME A DING 🛎 DING 🛎 👇
>stalks

How are corn futures today?
I’ll make like 30% gains on my shares which would be good but I’d really rather keep the shares and keep selling covered calls. Can’t be mad either way though...
Lol..no offense, but even at the worst of the virus, racism against Asians is nowhere on the level of racism against blacks or certain indian groups. Its not even up to the level of racism against arabs.
Earnings are at the end of the month right?
One thing all hugely successful companies have is a “mad-genius” CEO/hypeman. That being said...Apple died with Steve Jobs.
I strongly believe we'll find out Buffet has been accumulating a RKT Position.

I had RKT June 25C and Sept 30C but dumped them a couple of weeks ago for some better probability plays.
Lmao
AMZN FD then
I missed FDs so much I made a sports FD. Browns money line lmao
Why do bears even exist. If they didn't, stocks would literally only go up??????
Didn't ER get pushed back a week?
JPMorgan healthcare conference is going on this weeks

Should be a big boost to genomics stocks
YEAH, TSLA MAY BE A BIT OVERBOUGHT.

BUT NO FOOKING WAY I AM SHORTING THEM.
Just trying to help a fellow autist.
Think Tesla continues to moon or pull back? Thinking of buying call debit spreads 995 / 1000 in like February
I think TESLA will plummet soon. Mark my word
Facts!
I would also keep an eye on defense stocks, Biden is not a progressive or anti war by any means, defense industry will likely get an increase in funding
Guys Im seriously considering getting into porn. Unrelated question does anyone know any porn production companies that specialize in small pp porn?
It’s not. Premium is whatever anyone will pay on the opposite side of the transaction. If you are buying an option, there has to be someone on the other side willing to sell it to you for that price. Greeks are then back calculated from the premium price.
How so?
At least we knew they were going bankrupt. This makes it seem they would have said they were having their best quarter of all time and then later would tell everyone someone stole all their cars.
What a pump and dump scam. Tiananmen square happened for a reason
Logically speaking NIO is the better choice. But honestly, the right answer is 99% chance TSLA. TSLA broke logic, broke fundamentals, broke superstitions, broke everything. I was 100% joking before, but now I’m starting to believe we’re in some weird 1 in a million scenario that it’s only going to go up for a long time.
You are going to get iv crushed hard
That’s why it’s a better headline than it seems at first...lol
Yep,  im buying $3230 4/19 on Monday. They are going to absolutely kill earnings.
Because the last year has been more of an exception than a rule.
There's no way this hits without a deal this week. You would be officially retarded to keep these beyond 931 monday
Watch your mouth
I hope he’s smart enough to listen to you, bud. All jokes aside put away 1.5. And take the half mil and you can literally 10x it playing it extra safe buying long term leaps.
Rams✅ bucs✅ Saints ? Steelers ?
My parlay is boutta collect🤟
OP how much is William Li worth for the brand of Nio? Like if the CCP decided to pull a Jack Ma on him, would Nio as a brand still survive? And are there even plans for Nio to explore other markets or is it just gonna be China?
I make more than that. And it fuels my gambling addiction
Why valentines lol? Not 2029?
Lol. Thanks for DD
His boner probably still hasn't gone down from 2008, doesnt realize stonks only go up now
Even TSLA becomes all those things you mentioned. The current TSLA stock price is still overvaluing Tesla LOL
Dziękuje bardzo!
You like the day job or looking to cushion your net worth.
if announcement goes live PM monday, expect that at open
Pornhub and Canoo partnership confirmed
Yeah, the retail locations aren't exactly inviting.
We ll see
Honestly, this changes my perspective on NIO
That looks like etrade.

Also when did you buy these options?
remember rates going up is bullish, it means the economy is accelerating
Nothing to understand, guy bought expensive lottery tickets and they hit, like others said 999 out of 1000 times this expires worthless and you also have to time getting out correctly which is another luck move
Look around you
Please no :(
Fuck me in the ass
literally read the f'kin DD above, man. wtf?
Up to 3 years* before QS
Kinda wanna buy a tsla FD but also want to keep my asshole intact
So far I made 10k this week. But I was down 6k all time and now I’m up 4K all time. I would not recommend quitting your job to just play options
Nio and Tesla calls. We out baby. To the moon and never back down.
[deleted]
Reposting this here because it may add some context

I did a bit of "research" and found a few things to check out for yourself of you are interested in GOEV, I only skimmed a bunch of random articles without checking sources

Hyundai Motors (and Kia) double down to invest $87 billion into GOEV over a span of 5 years to develop smart electric vehicles, with an ambitious goal of over 25% of total auto sales being electric vehicles by 2025

Hyundai Motors just acquired an 80% controlling stake in the creepy robot company Boston Dynamics

Hyundai is working with Apple on "Project Titan", an electric vehicle project. Will GOEV be involved with Apple's smart car?

Apple's smart car is projected to hit consumers in 2027, and be sold as an "experience" that changes our perception of auto travel. Think if Steve Jobs achieved ipod level creativity and success with electric vehicles

BlackBerry has entered a deal with GOEV to produce for their cars the ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance System) aka the computer/software of the car

Now imagine it's 2027, and the first fleet of autonomous, electric smart cars hits the streets. Branding by Apple, sold by Hyundai, designed by GOEV, programmed and secured by BlackBerry.

Subscription based smart electric vehicles.
Get gud
Doubt it. It was a 25 year old plane in a country notorious for bad plane servicing
Did luckin Coffee have a huge followership in China too?
Ah well thanks for the earnings date bud!
I bought and sold NIO so many times and now this post with the CCP dude is making me want to FOMO back in and just hold long...
[deleted]
You are welcome
Is this the china party in disguise trying to pump n dump westeners?
Sleep more, or try to pop them with needles
Yeah I want 2022 or 2023 leaps in case a partnership with an EV producer gets inked in. But also the June calls looking spicy
We should have our own bathrooms.
pretty much already back to pre-covid, what's left to boost 'em?
Bullish for SQ, definitely. Got my first PPP through them and already had it forgiven. I know other business owners who used other banks and are still having trouble putting in applications. Granted, my loan was tiny, but it's sort of amazing how well SQ has played the pandemic.
just delete ur app and come back on valentines day.
I don't know what that is.
Yo this NIO battery swap program is kinda cool

I knew there was a reason I liked them while hating all other Chinese EV
YOLO into GME, probably
Nice DD Bro! Thank you!
Nio is hiting $100 soon mark my words
ETrade
Lmao. 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yes.
Man I hope so, I will load up under 14
Agree
stock price too high?
Are you doing options or just straight stocks?
[deleted]
Those gap toothed inbreds ain't moving this market
For super powers
Your wayward pinky looks hideous
DASH just IPO'd, MMs are probably just moving the price up and down to test the water
Because I don’t make that
I'd make an Elon bathwater-cooled PC
Bought at ath for Square, 240. How fucked am I? 🤡
Need to get married before you make your money like Gates. Bezos married before Amazon but he'd be a lot richer if he wasn't a sex addict.
Mmmm🥴
No. It is different. AMZN never have a vertical growth of stock price. Imo a steady slow growth is healthy
Fantastic post. I personally like seeing this and learning something over "le big musk chungus epically destroys gay bear shorts .gif" to the nth degree.
No way wtf lol
Bro the hyenas killed scar, trash headline
that damn Loch Ness monster said “about tree fiddy”
Love hardtimes
Not retarded if it works
Jesus the short interest on MAC is 58%. It’s almost wholly owned within funds it looks like too.
[deleted]
All depends on the conference. Good news = stock goes up, bad news = stock goes down. Definitively think there is a floor at around 16.5 though since Cohen bought in at 16 before. The way I see it a short term decrease might even be good if it allows Cohen to buy in more. The real action is happening in march when Cohen might start his bid to become CEO, causing a massive MOASS in the process since all shorts have to cover since the float is so low and naked shorting so rampant... well lets just say it is going to be a fun time
I think APHA might have a nice run up to their ER on the 14th. This quarter could be different bht usually the SP drops down on the ER day
there are a plethora of resources to educate yourself on how to trade derivatives and most decent brokers like TD and e-trade offer a "paper" trading feature so you can practice without risking any real money. 

definitely stay away from options until you understand them, but getting there isn't all that hard really
So like when is this time? Anytime this month? Asking for a friend
TSLA $1030c 1/15 legooooo
Similar meaning capped. The man wants to go to Mars not the moon.
Had it sucked already this morning. But maybe later this afternoon when no females are around. Bigboi😍
Why would you keep your day job if you can make 100k at least yearly on options
[deleted]
We talking brokerage firms. Not brokers
Or I could buy a monkey??
Nation began to devalue their currency for the competitive advantage...


Or in other terms... Brrrrrrrr


The fed buying mbs doesn’t help millennial trying to buy a house either
Taiwan #1
150 at earnings
TSLA & PSTH GO BRRRRR PM MONDAY
Europoors: I want to open a new broker account. Should I choose Degiro or Interactive Brokers?
Papa Musk is not amused
Hopefully we see a rise in skilled labor and reasonably priced/modern community college programs. They are infinitely more valuable to a large part of the workforce that wants to make good money without being stuck with a $50k toilet paper 4 year degree in marketing.
How fast do you think the next 30% crash will be bought up. 

I'm thinking recessions last only weeks or maybe 2 months now with all us retard bulls buying every dip. (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Big ass fukin bags under my eyes at 33, wtf?
Most doctors are retarded. They good at school and exam, but with reason and life.
July 35? I have 37 eow 🤣
did you have a seizure while trying to type that
what are your thoughts on microvast in china. Is there any public opinion or sentiment?
This new article comes today,  from Korean government sources
> a extremally profitable sea food company suddenly crash and burn because their oyster "swam away"

lmao
[deleted]
How do u deal with currency exchange rate?
Bird in the hand...
This and working with other people. I kind of want to quit my job just to trade stalks all day and comment stupid shit on here
turned 2.5k to 20k since november .\_. 

would be well over 100k if i didnt have TP hands
Turns out you can spread bet / CFD on NIO. How tempting....
Don’t be too upset, odds are it was one of the retards on this site.
[deleted]
Biden also speaking on Thursday
Bought back Friday morning after selling to seek riches in The BABA Dip. My precious $397 shares 😢

Worth buying if you are ok with the risk. For references, look at 20/09/01
Honestly this seems like good DD, thank you.
Imo yes Too late now unless you can buy them back
😂
Bro they announced a partenership with nvidia. I think they moon
Think AAPL can hit 138 by eow ?
PSTH will dip Monday. No news.
Didn’t read 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
bears spill in during the weekend and then it's back to mission to mars
Why are you reading the Washington Post lol?
PPP loans start on monday again. That is quietly very bullish
Dumb question but, its the NIO inc stock located in USA right?
we still got earnings/deliveries to rally on
Who needs track day when you have roads with no speed limit!?
You retard, you are supposed to buy shares.
NIO might have more upside potential but IDK tho
Question: say a long-dated call increases significantly e.g. $1-->$300 and it's deep itm, is it guaranteed that there will be a buyer in the end to exercise the call and buy the shares or can you get stuck with the contract? Can this happen both w Tsla w high volume and MT w low volume? Thanks
Chinese autist ✅ 

pictures ✅ 

Confirmation bias ✅ 


alright I’m all in even more
If Apple got into the smart home industry, can you imagine
“notccpbot” lol
¿Por qué no los dos?
You are a PUSSY if you don’t buy Tesla calls straight up
All in $WIX. Lego
Hard times news headline today:

Hyenas storm pride rock after refusing to accept scars defeat 

Lmfao
I hope PSTH doesn’t hit 35$ by Friday or else I’ll have to sell me shares... 34$ would be nice though.
Big dip then immediate recovery. Have your calls ready
Na na na na na, Nio.
Bro don’t kick yourself too hard. In 2000 Apple was rocking colored plastic, shitty G5 chips that Intel and AMD were booty-blasting, and an OS that crashed way more than Windows 2000. Things didn’t look great for them.

Apple didn’t really turn it around until late 2001 with the iPod and iTunes. Then the hits kept coming with OS X desktop, Intel conversion, iPhone, iPad, etc.
Bought 2 calls for $29 at $15, let’s get it
The lack of non stop PLTR faggotry makes me feel good.  Our time is coming boys.
I'm in Canada, but is there somewhere I can sign up for these?
Can you talk about qqq call timing . Good stuff dude
MARA - the way I see it they’re identical. I read skmewhere that Mara is better positioned with more bit mining machines than anyone else
No, because the conservatives who are making any sort of big deal out of it are just riling up mango's support while they privately keep taking part in the bull market.
He’s actually only up $4k between those positions and other ones he took.
Lol fucking Walmart
He physically hasn't been able for years
I hope its USB C
Ummm, do you want to buy a pair?

Asking for a friend.
True all EVs are gonna go exponentially up over the next few years but think other manufacturers such as GM are already getting left in the dust. But still will see TSLA leading the charge considering their thought already going into infrastructure etc to make the EV transition actually possible
In a year or two. 5000 * 100= 500000. It will definitely reach 100 in a year and maybe even more in 5.
Thanks
Are you retarded? I mean, we’re all retarded this is WSB, but seriously where did you get those numbers? Tesla has more cash than debt.
Tbh a lot of bearish people in here for TSLA. Makes me confident it’ll continue to moon
No. Not flat anymore. Check DM, DDD, NNDM etc performance for the past 3 weeks. One week some of them have a 30% jump. This is not just one company. It is the sector
Gonna be in the money next month. 

Maybe next week.
Before open monday
[deleted]
I’m up 80% on ICLN leaps in 5 days I would love that bitch to be at 100 by EOY.
Buy it and drink it
Rational conservatives that believe in capitalism? No

Robinhood neckbeards? Yes: total volume of fractional shares: 2
NIO
Congratulations!🍾 I’ll be on the other side too soon!
Let’s work on equality in America then. If you are from here. We have a long way to go. Let’s fix our own roof first before making fun of others leaking roofs.
Sure. I can’t count how many times people sold too early and missed out on TENS of thousands of dollars on a single contract.
Bruh I too am bearish on SNOW long term but these gay bear plays right now are a total fucking crap shoot. Look at fucking DoorDash. Everyone and their wife's boyfriends know that piece of shit is way fucking overvalued with nothing new in the works and it's being hella supported by some bull shit ass manipulation and that's even with the citron piece. Long story short, don't be a gay bear. You will destroy your anus and wear diapers for the rest of your life.
https://youtu.be/xdfeXqHFmPI
Im getting in on PBW on monday
Lets hope MrBeast had a big brain moment and let the call option be atleast 6 months.
If it does im gonna k.ms because i took a loss last week after holding calls for 3 months
I love a good vale parm sandwich
lol, all tech is fucked due to content? Wake the FUCK Up
Yes, this still hurts, to get the full magnitude of my stupidity you also have to adjust the price for the 2014-2015 stock splits
So +$4K overall between those positions and the ones in the OP. If Jack Ma is ever found those BABA calls will be looking nice.
Just google it you lazy tard, Jesus. You fuckers never take the initiative.
Which one should I buy tsla or NIO
Football on Saturday makes it feel like a 3 day weekend.
There's nothing scary about it you fucking pussy. Last time I checked trump still has 100% access to the white house press room and can step up to the podium and speak like every other president in the history of our country has spoken. There is nothing scary about trump not being able to tweet while he takes a shit you fucking retard.
Is this satirical
It's kind of genius by big tech. Also bullish as hell. No way both sides can agree on a common enemy, dems will switch to pro big tech in a weeks time and all threat of antitrust will be gone.

Bulls stand down and stand by tomorrow, I am thinking of buying the dip at 2:45pm. I hope that is not too late though. Patriots will be watching our gains for years to come.
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Canoo and Hyunday work together. Now it appears Apple and Hyundai work together. Canoo and Hyundai present jointly next week at CES... the ingredients are all there - just gotta bake this delicious money pie now.
Money corrupts
[deleted]
WHo's the AOC simp here that stole all her shoes?  LMAO  IN other news this guy speaks the truth:  [Stocks mooning heal all.](https://twitter.com/parikpatelcfa/status/1347981710890295302?s=24)
Wanna see me do it again?
Buying debit spreads is an "advanced options strategy" you absolute pepega. It promotes the same idea with a similar gain and protects against IV crush and Time decay
Treating customers like the rabble they are is bullish
read this as psycho analysis and was like, this person isn't wrong.
bro add some qcln and youll be rich by the summer
True. Its actually the worlds largest fan club for simps
Are you me?
The CCP fucks
If my calls expire friday can i just check on friday night instead 🥺
God that highschool shit was so corny. I've been a jaded old man since 10 years old
Cant wait to get my daily diary of trump at 3am each night
[deleted]
Earnings 3/15 I think. Any strike under $20. But then again, I have no idea what I'm doing.
Ban
Bullish euphoria.
Yeah, but Tesla was still undervalued then.
Where were u when nio was at sub $10?
It's exactly when this question is asked, they're gonna drop it a few %s before going back to new ATH lol
🤩🤩
Nice, what general area? Trying to get my dad to go into flipping cause he needs a hobby other than buying cars
Smartertrader huh. Missed out on his earlier calls but might have to hop on ttd since hes been right so far
[deleted]
I'LL KEEP AN EYE I GUESS.

BUT THE SECTOR'S BEEN FLAT FOR YEARS DESPITE THE MARKET ROCKETING UP IM ALL THAT TIME.
You sir are a beacon of light in a bastion of stupidity. 

I think until he’s out of office he is still a political opponent. But at least you have a thought out reason for your opinion. 

I will in fact look into section 320. I’m ignorant of that entire thing.
XBC and GRN
Puts on Walmart, ordered a tv for in store pickup and they said they fucking gave it to someone else accidentally. 

It was the last one in stock.
Gotcha. I wonder how much of the company Jenkins family holds. Also do you think they want to expand throughout the US? I ask because that would require considerable capital which may mean going public
I bought on Friday 😄 I think this week is bullish for Tesla with Biden speaking on climate change and such
Yeah but RH is shit. I have TDA and works like a charm. I only use rh as an options YOLo account.
Nah clean Friday night
EOW i think high 900s
Ur new to Reddit and it’s obvious but maybe one day you’ll learn
I am glad.      
    Your reply made my day, glad you are enjoying your life and what Peter's book are you talking about (he wrote 2, if I am not mistaken).       
     What are your new plays? I wish I had your IQ too
Conspiracy trash.
VALE leaps will give you heaps
When are earnings and what strike?
If he sold them in one drop vials It would be sold out faster than next gen consoles
Quick, nobody remind trump that he has the literal power to text everyone
Like he said, a lot of good content
TSLA Challenge:

Buy TSLA calls. Don’t check your account, don’t check TSLA stock prices. Just go back and live a normal life for a couple weeks. Come back to your account and pray.

Had any of you done this a month ago, you’d all be rich. Do it now!
he’s been married like twice already and has a bunch of bizarro test tube triplets
That has cured my depression. Bottle that shit.
My 1/15 $25Cs are begging for this.
[deleted]
Got 5 at 23 so far. I am waiting for a dip in February.
Pls Jack ma show yourself and send me to tendie town
Stop trying to make fetch happen its never gonna happen.
Are VALE calls the way to go Monday!??
I start cleaning the house on sundays so the day can go by quicker 🧼🧹 can’t wait for tomorrow TSLA 900 open & baba 250 EOW
Note that Biden is planning on getting rid of the step up basis for inheritance.
Had something similar happen back when tesla was $400ish after split....
Most likely all tech is fucked, they’re gonna slap em with 230 which will make them responsible for content and be more expensive to manage their user base.
Dogs, cats and bats.  Think they eat all that shit
Don't worry baby, I haven't bought a single TSLA FD. Ill let you know when I do and that's when it begins
Well he's the one I had sex with, seemed pretty satisfied!
Literally no one cares about that site.
You were wrong man
More to go too :)
Someone watched a YouTube video on “advanced options strategies”

Your plan is great OP. Congrats on the new house
[deleted]
Don’t worry, RH won’t let him buy naked calls, he’s good.
How does the swap work for a 150 kwh battery? Wouldn’t it weigh several hundred pounds?
Good point
Well I’m a fan of this marketing message.
Have people really not seen a “People in China love this company and it has government blessing” post before?  It’s one of my favorites
[removed]
Apple to 140!!
$FCEL going into earnings, lotta momentum, calls still relatively cheap.
I didn’t say it was illegal. They have every right to stop any person they want from using their platform. Read the fucking message before you respond. 

I repeat. Puts on public intelligence. And reading comprehension. And the ability to hear a dissenting opinion without getting butt hurt.
See you on the battlefield commie bastard.
I'm with IBKR and stop limit absolutely works after hours and premarket. I use them all the time. 

Anything using limit sells/buys should work. It's the concept of market orders (like a regular stop) that are not supported outside regular market hours.
Pretty likely imo -if only briefly. They're a status symbol just like tesla in the US
I just called ahead to the moon and reserved myself the honeymoon suite for next weekend, because [Uncle Joe is our daddy](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/joe-biden-wants-set-aside-deficit-concerns-invest-ailing-u-n1253638).
I am so yes
Half my portfolio is july icln 35c, maybe ill just go all in 😂
Bruh. I had a few friends over last night. They have no idea how much I day trade, whatsoever. 

Two of my friends who have never even invested a cent saw a Tesla out front and said they hear Tesla stock keeps going up and they’re gonna buy some. 

The top is in.
Considering how they found Pyramids dating back 100,000 years in China, they have something we don't know or will ever know.  NIO to $1,000.
How do you explain the recent power blackouts even in China’s capital Peking if the electricity back is that strong? Not to mention China has been importing Australia’s coal.
Some people bought FDs last week and printed hard. Naturally, it's your turn to FOMO in and lose money 😂
Jesus. Fuck the kids who listened to that remix. Did they not realize how homo
Be plug fcel if you don’t want etf
Yeah I’m not gonna lie I’ve been waiting for some type of “crash” but everything’s been up so much that I just did the opposite. TSLA’s the only hot meme rn anyhow

My original goal was to make a bear market meme but it’s been a bull market for like 2 months now
PLEAS FLY 🚀🚀🚀🌚
NIO, SPY, AAPL, PSTH
Which would give it a pretty market average return.
just ride the 21ema
I want 5k to 100k!
Wasn't there a video of some guy jizzing on his cat's face?
You think it'll trade sideways with earning coming up early Feb? Not happening. If anything, it'll consolidate AFTER earnings.
It's happening, we don't need to imagine
[deleted]
I've been trying to figure out why Burry is such a retard and then I remembered he's a 🌈🐻 and his political and social ideology match up perfectly with wanting a recession.
1.some 3D printing companies have green energy initiatives 2.manufacture industry is pushing for more efficient production 3.many of them start to make 30% YoY revenue. 4.look at the performance of DM, DDD, NNDM last 3 wks. 
Disclaimer: I brought good amount of Desktop Metal positions
Bullish
This
Thank you for responding. Ive been reading so much about stocks and its always a very simple description just needed to hear it as is. Regarding the calls, I use etrade, would someone just enter what they are willling to pay for these calls and the dates or is there a listing of them to choose from?
They are both tough to play due to contango.  Better to play SPX/SPY.
Its been like this for awhile though. A guy came to fix our piano about this time last year, and he was boasting about just buying a bunch of tsla. Hopefully, hes still holding and not tuning pianos anymore.
[Hyundai walked back these remarks. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/hyundai-walks-back-linking-apple-045821609.html)
What does her boyfriend think about this?
🔥But what do they know about Caillou?
Can I suck your cock?
Don’t know anything about NIO in China. But the quality for ET7 looks affordable. 

I invested in NIO during IPO. Down and ups like a rollercoaster. But I can see the CEO is a down to earth person. That y I I decide to invest in NIO.
Wow the 🅱️eekend 🅱️ow just limited up! This week is going to be green as fuck!
Just realized big tech is just sucking the next admins titty. Ban now, no threat of break up later. 



By all means, give us a red monday PaTrIoTs... we’ll be loading up
Maybe offtopic...but how do chinese retards feel about Spotify?

Also...NIO to mars 🚀🚀🚀
It’s on the NVAX investor website for 60 days. Around minute 12-13
He doesn't even realize that.
Don’t put that evil on icln
By then we'll just call him Willi
You don’t need a subscription
Im trynna turn 10k into 100k lets goooooo
ICLN, NIO, 🍉
I hope he does 😩😩😩💦💦
As a conservative? No. Besides most of the people that are that are that obsessed with trump probably don’t carry enough stock to be of consequence.
https://www.ig.com/en/indices/markets-indices/weekend-wall-street
I know the squealers when I see them.... and you, my friend, are a squealer...
AAPL
Parks and Rec
This means Canoo to the moon since Hyundai is using Canoos skateboard tech
They just made a shitload from a new stock offering, and they have an insanely strong brand after such a crazy bull run, that alone has made it almost certain that, even if the stock plummets, Tesla's gonna be around for a looooooong time
You guys (and girls) are a bunch of cucks.  If GME were president you'd be the ones storming the Capitol.
I dont think he's said that lol

that would be insane.
Aim higher. 50k
Not true Tesla makes cars , therefore has way better margin then simply buying warehouses and selling goods obviously. And plus Tesla like sells software and robotaxies are real and are definitely going to come out like super real soon , Elon even said he’s removing the steering wheel so for sure it’s happening. Tesla stock will never crash cause Elon is way cooler than Jeff I heard it all on Twitter and watched this guy from Australia on YouTube who’s a millionaire tell be about it . Plus I give out free stock advice , %700 gains this year I know what I’m talking about for sure .
I’m in for 131 $35C Jan 2022 leaps. Can you confirm why the delta of .45 vs .1 theta is significant? I may buy some more of these in addition to my $35C ($35C was the highest strike available when I bought mine)
Added risk of getting your investment nationalized at the snap of a finger though.
icln
Absolutely, as much as we're retarded but think we're better than Twitter or stocktwits , we've got one of the biggest pump and dump userbases in the game. You can see the fallout afher the pumps with all the retards holding bags in shit like SPCE or even PLTR right now.
Brutal basis...I know the feeling of being a prisoner of your own success
[deleted]
Tell that to the millionaires it’s created.
2damoon🚀🚀🚀
Hahaha wow thanks for the memory...real good one.
Oh they are furious, furious like a bull... 🚀🚀🚀
who u got in nba champs
Are people buying tesla now or just bragging about buying in March/April? Is it worth buying now still?
I owned some McD's around college. Not huge quantity but it would be worth a pretty penny today. Sold it probably for rent and beer money, had no concept of long-term holding or why I might need money in future, lol.  I don't beat myself up too much about it, prob would've sold it a year or two after I did for something stupid anyway.  The good news is I"m exponentially *~~tarded~~* wiser now.
Riot or mara
republicans buy ~~Jordan’s~~ stocks too
Ban
[deleted]
[deleted]

"early as" LOL
IV is over 200%. Have fun getting IV crushed...
Premarket for it is gonna be wild, then some fomo at open with a side order of bags
Then why do I see tradable options on Yahoo? Genuinely curious.
[deleted]
Thanks for this. Solid DD from the Chinese perspective. I’m long NIO and planning on adding more.
[removed]
Look at Twitter as the Christian baker and look at trump as the gay wedding cake and maybe your retarded ass will see it more clearly.
So he claims.
I’m in 🚀🚀🚀
Weekend DOW has been wrong the past 3-weeks
Early grats on getting covid.
Pornhub just hasn't been the same since they deleted 7million+ videos of unverified posters. 

A lot of the good content was from random uploaders.
I am permabull too but I think 3800 was the goal, at least until 2k checks roll out. We may have a theta week ahead
Everyone wants to be the next Burry, so they make retarded statements hoping one is right.

Not
Gonna
Happen
Yes it will likely moon. Probability is 86%.
I think this settles it for me, Unblinding will happen in early February.
I got a variety pack and they are great. Gets me pumped to exercise and turns my bowels into overdrive for a nice void.
Shit CRSP will probably go to $320 the momentum behind it is crazy
I don't think it will be because of hate selling, but it seems clear that political risk of these stocks has increased significantly and that should be reflected in their valuations.
RIOT/MARA FDs should do well, the bigcoin has been trading sideways since Friday night, due for a new ATH next week at some point. I bought a few RIOT 1/15 30C not expecting them to go ITM and was gonna turn a small profit. Now they’re damn near ITM. Gotta love it.
Or you could not be a retard by buying naked calls, and do call debit spreads on tesla
Your English is amazing....ya know what? I’m all in. Nio calls and leveraged nio shares to the tits first thing Monday
Their balance sheet tells you they don’t need funding to expand. Or to go public to pay down debt.
Way I see it, weekly chart looks like shit, daily is questionable, 4 hour better gap up monday or we gonna be seeing 15 bucks next week
She dead bro
Narrator: But he sold
Wait. Your account is only 10k? If not, then this is not a yolo. Yolo implies every single dollar and cent in the trade.
I mean he upped sponsorship of the genocides in Palestine and Yemen.. he doubled down on the wars Israel, SA and Bush already started, just very quietly... stopped reporting on drone strike numbers, sold a billion in bombs to SA last week.. its an endless list he's contributed to a fuck ton of deaths without even getting into the Rona ish
[deleted]
To the right. So glad I sold that meme shit
Yeah I’ve got cash lol ngl I hope they sell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=68
Pedo Joe the racist rapist. Eulogized an Exalted Cyclops of the KKK at his funeral (Robert Byrd) and raped one of his Democrat staffers Tara Reade. Amazing this was the Dimcraps cream of the crop.
Desktop Metal NYSE:DM
I don’t rank it as a significant downside catalyst
We’re going on a trip in our favorite rocket ship , zooming through the sky , Little Einstein!
 
A lot of you fucks on here are less than 24. Y’all remember when the remix fucking blew up when we were in highschool? 🤣🤣
boeing puts
What happened
Sold!
Don't pussy out bitch, tesla is gonna drill to 660
[removed]
&#x200B;

GME 🚀🚀🚀
Wall street seems to be on bidens side as of late
his hands are encased in daimond
The shares are worthless without cashing out.
[deleted]
Effort will only take you so far when you're stuck in poverty with no options to grasp to and no money to take risks. A significant portion of the US lives paycheck to paycheck with few savings, sure you can start budgeting but not everyone even has the margins to save any money from.
now is not the time for shit like this...
What’s everyone buying this week? Gotta figure out how to turn 2k to 5k👶❤️
Congrats and fuck you
DEPENDS ON WHAT HIS SUPPORTERS DO.
Should’ve phrased that better. Their balance sheet is the main reason. Another reason would be employee stock program. It’s severely restricted on the moves an employee can make. The last thing employees or the Jenkins family want to do is open the floodgates.  

Live in Florida. Have friends that have worked with Publix 10-15 years. They won’t be public anytime soon.
hey bro i’m gonna be lame and take care of my mortgage and do some reno on my house first, okay? 😂
Tl; dr
Elon could probably sell his bath water and you all would buy it.
[removed]
Sooooo all in $BUG?
Tesla is the 5th largest company in the world
China controls 84% of all rare Earth minerals which are invaluable in the production of technology products from smart phones, computers, to the turbines in jet engines.  In November 2020, the US Department of Defense awarded a contract to MP Materials to develop rare Earth materials outside of China.  However it’ll take a very long time for the US to develop in an independent supply chain of rare Earth minerals outside of China.  Currently, the US tech and more importantly defense industry to entirely dependent on China’s rate Earth Minerals.  As a result, I believe China and US will come an agreement to the trade war since both sides can benefit from a trade agreement, especially regarding auditing of Chinese companies by the US PCAOB.

Source:  [https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2418542/dod-announces-rare-earth-element-awards-to-strengthen-domestic-industrial-base/](https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2418542/dod-announces-rare-earth-element-awards-to-strengthen-domestic-industrial-base/)
Zero
That is fucking crazy.
They are more than welcome to. I think there are enough buyers to buy the fucking dip
People fail to understand mental disorders. The gift of the human being is that we collaborate, that’s how we’ve dominated the world. A combination of intelligence and collaboration to create technology and tools that automate survival for us. 

Autism, was an evolutionary “advantage” because it allowed for survival without the group. Hyper focus in one task, extreme gifted ness in a few areas, applied to hunting and gathering you create a very rare human that can survive completely independent of the group.
I miss her too
Agree. DM, DDD, NNDM too
ban
zero, same as last time
get out b4 u lose ur money newbie
APH usually has a nice run for the week leading into their ER which is 1/14 I believe? Then it usually drops hard that day so I’d sell before that
Papa steel, how do you feel about vale? I know you've mentioned that you like vale, but from it's past shitty history, also being the rainy season in Brazil. Do you think it's still a “ok” play?
Thanks for this warning, shit be looking way too green and I don't wanna get caught with my head out when this crashes spectacularly later in the month.
Commenting to be included on recommendations!
Bought a ton of this stock at $2-9.
I'm new to this but ICLN has had my dick hard for a couple weeks. I didn't like Biden til this printed.
I checked this guys post history, because I was confident he was probably in TSLA.  Can confirm.
[deleted]
Pornhub banned 🥭lol man can't even beat his meat anymore
[deleted]
can anything trigger a market downturn at this point?
BA is a joke brought DM instead
All of it fucked
Bro so many people drive a Kia/Hyundai.... They're not trying to take over the premium EV spotlight, they're trying to reach a wider (cheaper) audience most likely

Once they have their foot in the door, they can slowly take over the whole industry like a virus
Chinese propaganda best propaganda
Think it won’t take as long.  Have to give it to TSLA they where the first ones the innovators but took them a while to before the concept and technology was embraced by consumers, governments and other car manufacturers.  However we are no in an environment in which all 3 of them but not led by governments and other car makers. Going forward growth in the EV space will multiply fast  2X - 4X - 8X etc
ICLN makes my dick so hard
No money wins always
Something wrong

I hold my head

PlsSuckMyBreasts gone

A wifey dead
Not to the Irish
Mind learning a bit?
[removed]
Is the Vatican blackout legitimate? Is it related to the Pakistan blackout?

Some Dr at the hospital was just telling us stories that we might be headed to war soon. Or have major blackouts here in the US.
no not at all, well played. You may start racking up short term losses but hold that puppy for free money in 10 years
AAPL is much more safer imo
Barron's this week:

> "He may have been grabbed by the party, and he may be in a dark room right now," the founder of a china research group told me this past week. He was talking about Alibaba founder Jack Ma, the richest man in China, who hasn't been seen in weeks.
Great post OP

__I would like to add on to this for the cannabis sector; I've been a fundamental investor since 2017:__

On the technical side we are in a full blown bull break out. 🚀🚀

__My top 3 US(MSO) MJ picks(ranked based on fundamentals)__

* TCNNF(otc)

* CURLF(otc)

* GTBIF(otc)


__My top 4 CAD MJ picks(ranked based on fundamentals)__

* APHA

* CGC

* CRON

* ACB
I disagree with your premise for one simple reason. Trump isn't a political opponent anymore. He is not running for office. When he registers to run again in 2024 he should be given a voice, but right now he is just a liability for websites like twitter. The very law Trump wants to get rid of, section 230, would actually mean twitter could be liable for Trumps actions. So really, twitter is giving him what he wants in a strange way.
This is the way.  Granted, I didn't buy SRPT calls on Friday and likely should have.  Instead I bought PSTH calls at ath.  This is also the way.
Probably
A fair choice if you are risk averse. Once Cohen becomes chairman or CEO though I see no reason to wait before pulling the trigger
I find the mobile easiest
[removed]
[deleted]
Personally, given the opportunity to buy from a specialty retailer vs a big box store I will go specialty every single time. I dont want to walk around Walmart for 10 minutes trying to find the gaming section when I could go to a smaller store that is 100% gaming section whos employees are knowledgeable and passionate about the products they sell. Walmart employees probably won't even know where the game I want is on their shelves. Gamestop employees will tell me how to level up quickly and unlock cool features. GME 🚀🚀🚀 I hope we dip Monday so I can buy more for cheap. Keep hands and feet inside the vehicle at all times!
[removed]
[deleted]
Kissed +301% all time on friday. Hope the train keeps rolling this week. Stack it till it rocks.
Link for euro exchanges?
Yes, people trying to play TSLA FDs now are probably going to get burned. Hopping in on weeklies in clean energy? You’ll get spanked on the inevitable -10% week. A lot of people are just bad traders lol
wtf there's youtube videos of people going to battery swap stations and picking up their cars and shit. lazy ass
What is the likelihood that impeaching Trump triggers a market downturn?
Supposedly bad, but it’s always bad
I have 50k that I need for a renovation in a month, if I put it on Tesla I can get 4 week out calls and would only need Tesla to go up 10% to keep my money, but if it doubles I could just buy a new house.
Thought the same. Very interesting $DM has been follwing SKLZ s trendline and seems like gonna moon soon
NIO DAY [HUGE NEWS] | Everything you need to know - Summary and Highlights https://youtu.be/5AcWEKGfRPM
as an industrial designer, I get truly pissed when I see companies (esp Tesla) releasing new products and *still* doing the sealed battery/planned obsolescence thing. There’s no reason batteries shouldn’t be able to be hot-swappable so that they can readily be upgraded when necessary or required for task use.  

This is how future design should be and anyone who talks shit on it is the *other* kind of autist.

Thanks for providing all this info OP 👍 I might have to take out some PLTR and buy some NIO soon 🦭
This is the way.
ANY REASON WHY NOW?  

I WAS BIG ON THEM SEVERAL YEARS AGO AND GOT DP'D IN THE PROCESS.
Your CRM and RKT calls are retarded. The rest look decent/solid.
Is this insider informations?
Wow didn't think Apple would sink so low, but I guess that gives them the most profit margin
Premarket it’s gonna shred up
I think he’s YOLOing on a paper comeback. 🚀
So sell all my positions and buy NIO tmrw? Got it
[removed]
Wireless charging ftw
[removed]
You rule for posting big dog. I appreciate your effort to build this long ass post, and I hope you have a great day.
[deleted]
Do you guys think conservatives will hate sell the tech companies that are banning accounts/platforms?
Weed stock explosion when
Gonna probably take a bit of a dump after open
sometimes RH will glitch on me and show the *internet nerd token* trading at ~84k and I’m always like wtf this is the most bonkers Ponzi scheme ever
People buy TSLA on margin
I dn what “you guys” mean. I’m an individual, I’m not a Republican. For instance I oppose the summer of BLM violence which ended in countless deaths, just the same as I opposed the capital riot which ended in 3(?) deaths.  Grouping is for idiots.
Please let me describe what is happening:

🌈🐻 takes entire 2 week pay check from his full time job of frying 🐔 tendies at the local Wendy’s and yolo it all on puts hoping it 🚀🚀🚀 to the 🌚 but it falls flat to the ground and the great tendie machine -JPow- picks it up and keeps it for himself. Rinse and repeat.
You cannot buy VIX
My boss is starting back in person work tomorrow, so we can all work in separate cubicles
Longer expiration
Does anyone have 🔱eekend Dow subscription? How are we looking?
r/oysterrebellion
Look at pre-market tomorrow, and today check out European exchanges. I’m dumping 3K into NIO FDs anyways because gambling makes my pp tingle. I’ll also drop 5k on Tesla FDs and maybe a few grand on 🍏calls that are 1 strike OTM.
lol yea
How fast can current production be ramped up to meet demand?
Or property taxes on a 450 sq ft apartment in NY
I mean TSLA +25% was pretty cool but MARA +130% was absurd
So should I just buy calls when I think it dips enough?
I've been bag holding 100c 3/19 for about a month. I hope you're right, stranger!
I highly doubt NIO we get delisted with the orange man out of office
Brand loyalty yet Apple product still sells out.
Steel.
3D printing space seems like gonna have a very bullish year in 2021
weekend dow is in the gutter. whats the point we are finished
SNOW CEO gets 95 mill every month. Which is why I bought more Palantir when I saw this.
https://www.seattletimes.com/business/technology/snowflake-ceo-collects-a-payout-now-worth-100m-every-month/
Which way is PLTR gonna move on Monday
Who is the biggest bear on this sub? I mean big dick Lexington Steele balled bear? I need to know when he finally capitulates and becomes a bull to dump everything.
I think it'll uptick on money, selloff for a few days as people take profits, then go right back to saturn
Maybe not, maybe yes. How can anyone possibly know the answer to that? Regardless, paper hands.
Calls on medtronic, salbutamol wont cut it 😂🚀
Buy a time machine and find out urself
Dude you should have done it for a stock price which went down because of the it was getting a little chummy around here quote
A man of crayon culture with cycle analysis
Donate some. And buy some $DM calls. You ll thank me later
Now casting 😂
Tsla taking off tmr?
Yes only because if you bought options instead you’d be over 100k profit.
Maybe but Apple has been running up already. Amazon been stuck in mud for 6 months
Hello Chinese autist. What did you do to ma jack ma?
50/50
Can someone point me to a post that was drawing the connection between TSLA and an overvalued lemonade stand?
My 750p would cum if you’re right
[deleted]
Is it better to trade VIX or VXX?
Yup.  There wasn't any possibility of default in the bonds.  The shocking thing was mid 2020 they were priced as though there was a significant chance.
Calls on Oysters, got it.
[deleted]
Didn't say he was bullish on tsla. Puts on tsla
😂
You forget the huge and continued increase in cheap labor via illegal immigration and H1Bs etc. that increases the supply of labor domestically while also decreasing the bargaining power of labor (illegals/H1B contracts)
They'll get that from PLUG
blockbuster in business too, one left, i'm sure they'll make a comeback any day now
Talk me out of yoloing 10k on RIOT calls
How are you stuck if you can just hit sell any time?
CO is nice because of the nature imo, especially CO springs. Great weather too
I need absoloute confirmation. NIO WILL MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀. YES OR NO?
This is not the confirmation bias I was looking for..
G H I V, conference call with CEO Tuesday, merger vote the 20th 


Tell me the 3 month chart isn't the most clean and pristine moon mission about to pop off.

Mara and Riot already over valued
Thanks I just got thrown out of church
[removed]
Please, sell twitter...gonna be easy money on calls with a handful of rednecks selling Monday and the signing back up in a week because they can't live without it.
NOVA, ENPH, SPWR if you want some high fliers outside of TAN and ICLN
Lets all add more shares
They have 3 years to comply with the PCAOB. Will they simply refuse?
Bears in the comments  really fucking mad now huh?
1200
TSLA is not a car company
Until a day that they start weekend trading.
Big if true
I remember that dip. It opened at 100 and dropped to 85. Hasn't seen 85 since.
He called the 2000 bubble too
Either way a Nvidia partnership is pretty cool
Hahahaha, fucking CCP.
Lol? Except all Porsche cars have lower horse power and torque than their competitors yet always drive faster and handle better. 

Why are stats all people care about?
I held Workhorse from $1 all in to $28, riding a bubble. Now I’m stuck in one
Tsla to 1200 eow IMAGINE
interesting. Thanks friend.  Around superbowl time and they have a big super bowl sweepstakes. 50k every score change and two peeps win 500k. I wonder if this will be top of mind...
Agree
Soon, before the other people who are in your same position realize that they should sell and it pops.
Sir, this is a Casino.

Try r/investing
There’s something about the podcasting world that seems shady af. I can’t put my finger on it but I know something is wrong when the only ads I hear on top tier podcasts are for bottom tier podcasts.
Didn’t say it was illegal. Said it was scary. The biggest companies in the world are using censorship. 

For the record I completely disagree with trumps actions. I just think we’re on a very slippery slope right now
You mean DLC , yeah cause that tracks .
Try /r/bondage.  Might be more of what you're looking for.
I don’t think enough people on here know about MARA or RIOT
Gaming is enjoyable now that I have a real passion
CMC’s ER is what time Monday?
now who's google gonna partner with?  Or microsoft car?  VW maybe?  or some small Euro company like pergo or citron or whatever
Looks like a decent play at this price point.
I could see it going down to $30 area. Looking at monthly chart it seems to like the $30 area
Aapl earnings the 27th you think that run up is also gonna get steam this week?
Good for me tho
Not half the population, just the mangoTards.
Bought 31 shares of TSLA about 2 weeks ago and sold 27 shares to get my initial investment back.  I have 4 “free” shares now and I’ll hold long.  Was that a bad move?
Probably but sell early imo, it’s hitting the top of its trendline so unless it breaks out to $65+ I’d get out. Still enjoy your tendies, fucker.
TSLA EOW... 1000 or 750? I’m leaning to the downside this week
NET shares and  Jan2022 85c, 90c, 95c; TWLO shares and jan2022 330c, 350c, 400c; SKLZ shares
NIO has never been threatened to be delisted. What are you talking about
Rudy Giulinani is gonna call for another trial by combat!
🍉 flavored CELH best preworkout there is. 🌝🌚🚀🌝🌚🚀
Thanks.  So FXC? Any other names?
Any news on the debut?  I haven’t seen anything new
It is a different time. I think 3D printing space will have a good year in 2021. Considering manufacturing is ramping up
Chinese propaganda at it again
I agree with you about long term growth for nio, but would say it'll take another 2 or 3 years to really take off, but until then tesla is still gonna dominate especially considering how established their brand is by this point.
Elon musk not getting married after seeing what happened to bezos
🌝
Still tho POSITIONS or BAN
You are only telling me Gamestop is a company that sucks TODAY. Everyone here agrees with it. The customer service is trash, industry is dying etc. The reason we invest isnt because we think the current GME is undervalued, it is because we think the company we will be overhauled entirely and become an e-commerce focused company, with the physical store locations serving as drop-offs to provide free shipping and focusing on providing a good experience and offer pickup items like collectibles instead of being the focal point of the sales pitch like today. What you said does not clash with GME going to the moon so 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
China is asshoe
First only applies to government. Private corps can do business with whoever they want.
By people yes. Computers tesla
What does that mean for my Apple calls? 🤔😏
Props to you for achieving, really.

But not everyone can do that, so many have medical, psychological, or other problems that prevent it.

Even having 2 gainfully employed parents gave you a huge advantage.

Also I don't believe your last point about socioeconomic mobility is true anymore. This generation is worse off then it's parents, while in many other parts of the world economic mobility has never been higher. Think China.

This is just because they started lower of course, but the point remains, there is less and less opportunities over the years, not more.
GME also has a problem with sellers: namely themselves.

Why the fuck would I go to a mold-infested shithole to buy a game when I can literally buy it from my PC or console without even getting off my fat ass?

Y’all can draw with or eat as many crayons as ya want, but you’re getting got.
Nice use of buzz words.
How?
True and agree.  However let’s talk about the “WSB Indicator” which is yet to fail.  some of the most recent examples; 
-GME
-PLTR
-QS

Beloved WSB stocks held by some, they start to pump and increasingly more people start jumping in.  Pumps even more and more people jump in. A bit more and the memes, videos and every other conversation focuses on the hot idea.  Soon there after without fail all of them suffer a significant correction.  

Next victims;
-TSLA
-PLUG
-ICLN 

I’m not hating on any of them or doubt they can go higher but before they do they first correct and that’s when the excitement on WSB is at it’s peak.   TSLA being the poster-child
There's tons of money to be made elsewhere, why would I touch a Chinese stock that might get delisted. I'll just buy Tesla instead lol
Telling that you need to strawman my argument so your reply makes sense.
How to play for US investors?
[deleted]
Amazon earning run up starts tomorrow
“Spare change?”

“No sorry man I got nothing on me”

*drops large bag of coins*

“Uhhhhh”
It actually makes a lot of sense a stock site would switch from pro-trump to anti trump. He lost the election. Trump's impact on stocks can literally only be negative at this point, a year ago yes it made sense to like the guy as he was a big factor for stocks going up. He can't help my stocks now so he can burn in hell.

Joe Buydem stocks is now our stock pump man, and I am all in.

Politics are for losers we follow the money here, just look at the capital rioters. It's the ugliest bunch of people, on the inside and outside, ever assembled in the history of the world.
We’re only at phase 1 👊
"The amount of hydro power generated by Chinese dams are more than every single country's entire grid except the US and India"

What kind of source did you consult for this? China and Canada are the biggest hydroelectric countries.
That's where the OP's profits came from.
What do you think about buy jaguar health tomorrow?
Are my NIO $61 calls gonna print on Monday?
Sad truth bub
Cabin noise is because of the lack of engine noise.  Model S is also much quieter than a 3.  What about Tesla quality is “terrible “?  Panel gaps?  Mercedes fall apart after 50k miles.
Thank you for posting this on a sunday
Dear OP.  What part of “keep arms and legs inside the vehicle at all times. Do not lean out of the vehicle”  do you not understand?  

We will ride this roller coaster with full confidence, RC promises a fun ride.  If you have motion sickness, bring a barf bag, but by all means, do not lean out the vehicle!
Good for GOEV
I had a lot of fun swing trading PLUG last year between $3-$5
Netgear!
Thanks for confirming my suspicions
I’m sure there are reputable retards I should be paying more attention to than others, and I bet the discord is quicker to make unknown DD’s, while this sub can often feel very repetitive and... wrong? When will my shit moon?? 🚀🚀🚀
A "crash" will not crush IV you idiot. Rapid down movement will increase iv even at its purely stupid high level. Going to 650 this week would make put owners fucking millionaires. 

A slow bleed over the next month? It would certainly crush IV.
Nio will beat tesla any days after new fab
It will be shit when Texas is blue but it’s great rn!
PBW
No meaningful sellers this week
Td ameritrade
I have a feeling the NIO and AAPL/Hyundai EV news isn’t bullish for TSLA, And will fall next week. can someone tell me why I’m wrong?
🤡🤡
Funny a Stone Age company that has no software, no tech, no engineers (according to you) probably doesn’t even use electricity is the most valuable listed company in the world. If what you said above is true, then I guess we don’t even have to care about whether Tesla is a tech company since it has no effect on its stock price 🤡
Can you by any chance visit one of these Nio houses and take photos from the inside?
I feel like the bubble is only beginning
You and many people, including me
[removed]
ya Texas is going blue in a few years now that Cali expats are heading there instead of Portland.  gonna be great in a few years once oil shuts down and it's tech.  keep austin weird!
[deleted]
Not Alabama or Mississippi?
I’m really hoping so
Good effort put into this post but...

Gamestop is the next blockbuster.
Investing.com buy nio dump Twitter. Ya played yaself Twitter
🚀🚀🚀🚀
But...JPOW go brrrrrrrr?
Morning, I don’t come as fast.  Plus leaves the door open for lunch and dinner
I’ll one up you both

I bought 5 enphase $5C for Jan 2021 for $5.00. I sold them for $7.00 to $7.50 over the course of 2 months. They are now worth over $200.00 each... 🤮🤮🤮
[deleted]
True, RC 13D news came out on a Monday, but the SP didn't start to rally until the next day.
Crashes are bullish
Ⓜ️hatever Happened To The Ⓜ️eekend 🅿️OW?
American stock exchanges carry a ridiculous amount of weight, if it gets delisted then a massive selloff will happen, resulting in shares absolutely guttering during that period.
this sub is only pro tendies

everything else is an illusion
Im offically starting my short Monday if Tesla is green
Top
>	The real situation is more likely “Jack Ma openly criticized Chinese regulation

But TSLA only got big after ELON told the SEC to [suck his dick](https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news/elon-musk-taunts-sec-shortseller-enrichment-commission-n916816)

Nio CEO tells Chinese SEC to suck his dick when?  Only way to grow big and explode stock like porno moviefilm.
You are Pooh himself
Rkt lockup expiration 2/05 $17 puts 💥💥💥
I wonder what stupid prizes they're going to win this time.
Nice. All in.
What? I need to see this 💀
You say that like they are the only ones out there. PLTR is meme stock anyway.
Love the post. I’m huge on NIO here in USA and I hope I can be able to drive it!
Bigger Podcasts podcast is fucking cringe as fuck and the dude has the worst lisp in the world... why do people like it 😂
Oh dang the weekend Dow is blood red. Crash incoming
This is an extremely valid fear, Chinese stocks are through shell-companies that have no real legal obligation to uphold your share.
Don’t fuck around with CFDs on random shit. They will kill your account if you don’t know what you’re doing. At least with options your downside is limited.
Koon? As in raccoon?
it's 40k right now and people still buy A4s ect.
Do we think BA moves downward Monday due to the crash?
What are your facts? "We have vaccines, so we are halfway done" is not a fact. It's an assumption. The daily confirmed cases and daily deaths are still going up. This is a fact. Are you that retarded?
MARA 1/15 40c
Well I know what I’m buying tomorrow 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I hope all of you wind up destitute and in the streets
[removed]
And how do we pay for this?   Ahh right - we can't.  United States of Venezuela incoming circa 2024.
You’re trolling yourself. Hot women, all kinds of nature, sunshine and good temps. Or you could let stupid political shit ruin your brain.
After November earnings the PS5/XBox just came out, then supply issues. Hope was for ICR to be important and Cohen was already in but not to 13% yet. The past two weeks everyone was hoping to hear something more from Cohen/RC ventures and the whisper numbers for sales have come down.

Shorts and their goons are definitely talking down the stock, I’m being realistic with my charting but not selling any. like I said I have dry powder and rolled my January contracts because IV had been climbing. Moved the majority during upswings and kept a few of them in case of upside surprise.

The dip I’m talking about will be quick and honestly with Cohen and his cryptic tweets on point I imagine some kind of news out of him soon after ICR.

Been selling weekly puts @ $15 strike last two weeks as I’ll be happy to buy more at that price if it dips
I predict a total wipe-out just like what happened 3-4 weeks ago. GME gang got their shit pushed in on call spreads and no one heard from them on this sub for like a week. For the record, I’m not a 🌈🐻 and respect the GME gang - I just don’t have the requisite level of Big Dick Energy to get this retarded so here’s to you fools - god speed on Monday!
Hyundai is invested in Canoo and had plans on using their skateboard platform. This would also seem to make sense on how Hyundai and Apple plan on getting a beta out so fast
You got a Twitter Youngblood?
nah I have 7 red days, weekend Dow ftw
Yes king 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Too bullish in here = bullish on Monday
Cash I want to use is coming from the spreads getting called away that day.
MARA or RIOT
O Ferrous Father, I request thou wisdom. I have some February plays that I am going to want to roll into longer term US Steel plays, which companies do you think will stand to benefit the most from the incoming infrastructure plan, and what time frame are you looking at? I know originally you were thinking June, and now looking to push that back, but is this a year long US play now? Will these companies see benefits for years to come? Thank you for continuing to donate your time and energy to this clan of retards
sounds perfect
[Friday was a good ](https://i.imgur.com/Lm4TgzR.jpg)

Had 20 $850c TSLA that I bought at $799.  But I sold them at open instead of holding. I've been burnt several times over being greedy, so I took profit and I'm perfectly fine with it.

Also have one $48c NIO leap that I picked up last month and $5k in PSTH leaps I bought a couple weeks ago, so that provided a good eod bump as well.
Elon, Tesla, Bezos, Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, these guys are all autists, just watch their old videos. They’re all obsessive about something, whether it’s tech or customer service or whatever. I’d argue that the ability to obsessively pursue something is what gets them to the forefront of their fields and become market leaders. Retards that can’t focus on one task for a long time gets to assemble Subways footlongs instead.
ya markets really hate stability hah.  i did hear they are planning to go back to DC on the 17th?  could be a good dip buying day
I was at home all day and struggle taking myself out of my comfort zone sometimes.
Play it safe and do 1/22
I was wondering about this too. Keep in mind there’s a huge influx of new ppl here plus some of the older folks tend to get cycled out when they blow up their accounts
Millennials have it hard like 💎🍆.

GME to the moon
High upside but be prepared to lose all your money
# [🖍️🖍️🖍️Crayon Mania🖍️🖍️🖍️\_Week of 1/11\_TSLA, GME, RKT, PLTR, CRM, AMD, NVDA, AAPL, SPY, NIO, and TSM or 4 dos dat kant red gooode 🚀🚀🚀👨‍🚀👨‍🚀👨‍🚀🚀🚀🚀](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kugvqi/crayon_mania_week_of_111_tsla_gme_rkt_pltr_crm/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
I know it’s a hybrid, but I was always a fan of the 918 spyder look
William Li is Elon Chang?
are we still in on $sears?
[deleted]
And taxi drivers
Rip
Look, you guys were all laughing when we libtards said this law would set a dangerous precedent, but at that time it was considered a very important Republican win. You can't have your cake and eat it.
Oh Norway AND the Netherlands.   Both combined matter less than California.

You’re also forgetting Giga Germany not opening yet, which will reduce costs by over 30%.  Even Volkswagen says they are fighting to establish their position as #2.   But sure, you definitely know more about VW than the president of VW.

Also, your competitor argument fails.  VW exists in the US, why does Tesla sell 100x more volume?

>Look at fucking Lucking Coffee

Or Nikola
[removed]
Youtube gurus saying NIO is gonna boom, this might be the worst time to buy options
Are you talking about day trading or investing now? Why would anyone sell a long term investment just because it’s up 100%?
Are state-issued GFs real? Anyways, thx for the insights on NIO.
I’m not sold on NIO
Same here. Feels bad.
....he said as if anyone gave a fuck
I use debit spreads all the time and I love them. But how are you getting such a high percentage return? Short strike super otm??
The girls on CB are hotter around 3am eastern time
This is great....for Chinese investors.  There's simply still far too much China risk for me to put any long term faith in any Chinese stocks. Americans can't actually own Chinese stocks, we can only get shares of off shore shell companies in the Cayman Islands that front for Chinese companies.  There are NO laws or rules that guarantee that one day the Chinese govt can't simply one day come out and say 'this is not allowed'. US investors could lose billions instantly. 

I mean geopolitical tension between the US and china is here to stay. The Chinese govt can just say F it, we don't need American money anymore because the calculus for inflicting political pain favors making VIEs illegal vs accepting US money.  The Chinese govt could also make Americans lose billions overnight to put pressure on US politicians if there is geopolitical conflict (e.g. south china sea).  Imagine the US confronting China in Taiwan, the CCP makes VIEs illegal, Americans lose billions they poured into NIO/BABA/etc, and now US citizens are clamoring for the US to back down on Taiwan because they're pissed they lost so much money on their Chinese stonks.  It is absolutely in the realm of possibility in the near future. People will get rich off nio, baba, etc. But you don't know when that bag will explode.
[removed]
ya unfortunately a lot of republican blind followers.  there's an idiot here with a "make libs cry again" sign.  they just like feeling as though they're part of something.  more understandable if you think about it that way.

&#x200B;

the same way we're GME gangin' over here they are "the vote was rigged!" over there.  of course one of those is harmless money losing fun & the other causes the downfall of USA
Sounds like you’re a 🤡 who only gets 2 days of the week that aren’t red
Goldman sachs calling for a commodities super cycle with an especially high value of copper predicted
Why not sell 500 shares(now or when it hits 1k), transfer 500 into another account for options, leave 1000 in your current account and have your broker send you 1000 paper shares to put into a safety deposit box at your bank(retirement money)?
Nope net yet, still in R&D fase? Let alone the time needed finding a commercial market strategy, convincing the market it has a (creative) productive use
thanks
Chinese stock market sounds like a WSB wet dream if you ask me
I don't know if you knew this but there was a global pandemic and everything was on lockdown.
Not the aesthetic
ARCT has an investor event this Monday : 

https://ir.arcturusrx.com/news-releases/news-release-details/arcturus-therapeutics-present-upcoming-investor-conference-0
Real estate ridiculously undervalued right now
Big tits pretty face and seemed fun? Why didn’t you want to in the first place
Thank you steel daddy!! Let it print 🙌
Don't see why this is worth 3x Ford.

Ford sells 6 million cars per year. NIO sells 40k. Even if NIO becomes wildly successful and sells 6 million cars per year, why would that value it at 3x Ford?

I'm sure NIO can go higher from but it's a bubble.

Tesla's banking on other renewable energy products and self driving cars to justify their valuation. What is justifying NIO's? Selling more cars is simply not enough.
Apple only last month started wide production adoption of k8s.

They live in the stone age.
True true
Any clean energy recommendations? Currently in ICLN and SOL
Nah that just Pimp Cs hidden stash
You'd really do it for 10?
你是黄皮肤在中国哪来的种族歧视，地域歧视和对其他肤色的可以说有，他说的没毛病，您在挑刺吗 You are just misinterpreting what he said lol
Great DD. I'm in monthlies in anticipation of a Nio day boost. But will also buy some leaps based on this maybe with the earnings (hopefully) from my monthiles.
There are no alternative platforms. They won't leave, they're addicted. TWTR will moon
I like him, he lets me know what normies are up too, earning that 7%
[removed]
Lmao. That person is completely retarded
Dude it’s ass. Homeless people, restrictions, it’s shit
What isn’t?
I'm just hoping this bumps up NVDA
be good a don't write shit and eat it.
Definitely just exercise before the 3PM mandatory sell that some places do. That shit fills like GARBAGE
Tesla 1500 1/15 calls
I had 4000 shares of ENPH at $5 and sold for $5.50
I remember saying “This seems interesting, I’ll put 100 shares in this bet. If it dips I’ll go to 150 max”

Fast forward to now I have 500 shares and it’s basically half my account (8k/17k)

How did this happen
Feel like too many people are in TSLA right now. How many of you are shoe shine boys here?
Yeah.  427 horse power vs 1100.  Slower and less range.
Oh shit, it's legit now! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Colorado is nice cause it’s white, same with northern Arizona lol white and rich
Chinese and US cultures are very different. As they are to European. Surely that much doesn’t need said?

Americans have a huge priority on personal ownership and private enterprise, whilst ‘communist’ China, are far more collective in many aspects. 

In short, Tesla’s view was Americans didn’t not want to rent batteries that they did not own. Chinese consumers are much more partial to that arrangement.
Lean hog futures
[removed]
Better invite us to the wedding.
Wrong. I asked them to buy it for me. By brand name.
Sold a few thousand of AMD for 50% gain in 2017. Typical.
Not gonna happen anytime soon. Fed won't raise rates until COVID is squashed. Plus Fed's new guidance is to hit avg inflation of 2% before  tightening.

Powell learned his lesson in 2019. Tightened too fast and had to walk it back before the year was over.
[removed]
CA is expensive but by far NOT even close to being one of the worst states. Lol.
I take this as a sign to buy more CLF
“I’ve been saying SPY $100p 9/18 are free money”

lol I think spy had hit ATH by then
I like spy 450c better at that date
Sir, this is a casino. 

Trump has no effect on our tendies and is irrelevant. Biden on the other hand...

The unspoken rule is that politics is only allowed if it has something to do with the NYSE. I think mods are lax on the weekends though because we need something to keep us going lol
Stop worrying so much. Almost thought to be on r/investing
[deleted]
Spy 200p 4 life
Fake and gay
This isn't a political sub, it's a money sub. Mango is worthless to us now
Anybody can post an article in their local newspaper, right? Actually, no. The newspaper gets to review the content and decide if they’ll print it. The same applies here.
Colorado is kinda nice tbh, and northern arizona
yeah it's honestly sad bro
Hyundai....really?  Are they just trying to lose the EV game?
Puts on Tesla, Calls for Nio or vice versa. 5head zero risk.
Fair enough. I agree the market cap is small and it has room to 2x or higher for sure. Not gonna hope and pray tho. I wait for good entry with low risk.
This is from a Ukrainian TV show "Honey, we're killing the kids" where they try to fix entitled/spoiled children 

 [https://youtu.be/JBFu5H9tmNg](https://youtu.be/JBFu5H9tmNg)
Congrats on ignoring all DD and buying calls not shares.
VITO!- Going from your first post does this make your outlook more bullish to +100 for MT or are you thinking the run up will take longer?
Dumb question maybe but I am going to need to exercise some calls this week.  Thing is the cash I need will come from deep itm jan 15 spreads getting called away.  Should I just load more cash to make sure rh exercises to prevent a shit show?
What was their PE ratio at that time?
But OP claims to be a long term lurker. Also, it's a relatively new account with very low reddit activity. 

I'm only saying it's suspicious. Of course you're the one who's gonna make the call on which "DD" to yolo into... (pun intended)

BTW, what's this ether that you're promoting?!
Get out of here while you still can
Worse performance? What?
Dude makes bank bro. Probably too cheap to drive a Range Rover tho.
No, it's a mouse jiggling service.
I stopped taking trump even somewhat seriously after that photo op he did with the Bible during the riots over the summer

Pandering is pandering imo
Never trust a man with 2 first names
Whats wrong with Oklahoma
Market is only forward looking by 30 decades on good news. For bad news its tomorrow. If it aint happening tomorrow, it ain't worth tanking over.
Too many people still thinking PLTR and GME are the play
[removed]
[removed]
You're in for a surprise I think
30% of portfolio
All very true..... but very tough to time the top.
:'(
I love staying up until 12AM to check the pre premarket on business insider
Ok you’re right. Private companies should be allowed to do whatever they want, so long as what they are doing is what you want them to do.
Username checks out
Japan #1
if it makes you feel better i sold my fuckin calls friday
No one gives a fuck about the Chinese. You’re all absolutely useless.
Ok, I'll bite. 

What do you think about the 1/22 1000c for a buck. 

May grab 5 of those at open.
[deleted]
> employee stock program

Can you explain how this leads to zero requirement for outside funding?
$0.65 a contract, it's not terrible.

Someone else was suggesting Tastyworks
"no one has dared to f with tesla.... Yet." How ignorant can you freaking be? This has been on the the biggest shorted stocks on wall street for the past 10 years. CNBC took daily dumps on it, long with every analysist on wall street and the SEC. You must vote democrat to be this ignorant of factual reality.
Smartest play to use 5k on Monday go
I feel like you retards are like me and automatically look down on the "obvious" play. Gotta find something obscure to make 10x on. But if you had've just bet it all on Elon, we'd be in the moon ocean on lambo yachts
Manipulation.
This is bullish AF
congrats on the sex
This might be the biggest rug pull in wsb history.
Yes
Lol
Still a ways away since vaccine rollout has been shite. More likely one of these new strains of coronavirus sinks us before the Fed raises rates.
As long as stonks go up it's all good. I'll play by the rules. Not gonna pull a Jack Ma in this bitch.
How so, please? I would think “logic” and “efficiency” are social conditions that translate well in both markets.
Oh yeah I remember that
what are your thoughts on XPEV ? seems like they beat everyone to the market for a mass market vehicle .
Lol no one tell him
Pleas get emoji correct it is not: 🦋 it is 🧈 🪰
Just want to add to this that GOEV is in partnership with Hyundai for I think 87 billion to produce electric vehicles, and BlackBerry is in partnership with GOEV to create the ADAS smart car system 

Imagine if Apple acquires Blackberry and takes over the future of smart homes and smart cars....
All in on $PLUG 50C 1/15 💸💸💸
He didn't. But he 💎✋ it till he did..imagine if he was 3 years early and blew up..
Anyone know what Pfizer's and Moderna's timeline was, as far as participants unblinded compared to the companies PR for efficiency? We can assume data is released to Novavax prior to the patients unblinding appointment, can't we?

This also means we have reached the 100 threshold doesn't it? Wouldn't they have to hit that prior to scheduling unblinding appointments?
I’ll do you one better... sold 2 $15c expiring 6/21/2022 for $200 during a pullback bc I had NKLA ptsd. 🥲
Jack Ma kinda shows us investing in anything Chinese is a gamble at best.  

Which CEO will be disappeared next?  Find out in next week's addition of Kneeling for Xi!
This is the way
As a former member of the GME gang, unfortunately, this might be true.
I met this girl at a bar last night, and I managed to bring her home to have sex. But when I showed her my small penis she chuckled, grabbed her purse, and turned towards the door. Not knowing what to do, I quickly unlocked my phone and opened my Robinhood app to show her my HUGE gains on Nio call options. Long story short, we're 6 mknths pregnant and her boyfriend couldn't be happier. NIO really does pay dividends. Thanks NIO!

*I am pretty confident we will see SPY below 200 within 3-4 months.*

*Market corrections can take a lot of time, people who think this will be over in a few weeks are delusional. Just take a look at the state of the market and the daily losses we saw NOW while there still isn't a major city in the US in lockdown. No imagine the losses once a big city like Chicago or LA has to be shut down when there is no other way to contain the infection numbers. Take a look at Italy to see the US in 4 weeks.*

u/howlsn

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fgmfjy/spy_sub_200_gang/
This is the way.
Exactly... the addressable market in China is immense.  The lower the penetration the better. The average income is growing a car purchase is not considered a luxury but a necessity.  Look at any company (regardless of what they sell) all of them are already selling stuff there or looking for ways to do so.
Donald is of no use to the markets now.
he has ascended beyond our mortal comprehension to a new plane of reality, has cast aside the weight of his corporeal form, and now exists as an enlightened being of pure retardation.
When he was daddy pump
 **Long-term equity anticipation securities** (LEAPS) are publicly traded options contracts with expiration dates that are longer than one year.
I dont hate trump but I hate his followers. Honestly if it werent for maga tards I might actually like him because he didnt start any damn wars for once
HOW THE FUCK DOES THAT FACT INDICATE A RATE HIKE?
[deleted]
True big if
I mean its our only choice for options, but arent the commisions too high?
[deleted]
So many Tesla FD calls on here expiring this week. Can mean only one thing...
[deleted]
Not true. Bonds are a great way of taking over undervalued companies. Miss one interest payment or trip a covenant and the lenders have you by the balls. Ryan would know this. He could’ve bought the company for $400m if he was able to via the bonds but because the company is doing well, he has to pay for equity value.
But isn't it only southeast region. Ppl of america need publix, need more funding 🇺🇲
[removed]
not everyone has time to post/comment on Reddit all the time. Being a lurker of WSB for years
> His work in 2008 involved a lot of reading of a lot of garbage documentation. Combined with on the ground work, and a Massive set + conviction (tbh not different from u/deepfuckingvalue) and he deserved the reward.

great. he found systemic issues

how would he know the time it would crack to make his entry?
The more rockets in the post, the less likely I’ll read it.

Yea, have not read a single word of this trash post.
Hate 🌈🐻 but I think they will win bigly under Biden. (In select sectors)
Something really scary happening when political opponents can be completely silenced “for the greater good”. 

Socialism is a fucking terrible idea that has never worked. But so many dumbasses still wanna try 

Puts on public intelligence
Nobody tell him
[removed]
Don Jr can flex that entrepreneurial spirit and start up a MAGA bbs run from a server in the basement of Trump Tower for his dad right now. It's a free market.

As to monopolistic practices,  none of the social media platforms have a civic duty to give a platform to someone who incites violence and hatred.
 
You can practice your free speech in a public space tho. And Trump still has his press room in the WH where all the media of the world will eat up his words, as long as they haven't been put on a WH ban list - like the WH was wont to do. Monopolistic practices much?
DeSantis will banish them. Nothing fun in your state for you!
[deleted]
Nuclear fusion, yes... fission.... not so much
Derrr!!!!

But isn’t a smaller island with far fewer international airports and ports much easier to manage then a larger continent with *MANY* airports and ports all spread across different countries *PLUS* land crossings?

You kids are truly fucking retarded

Do you remember the no sail orders?  And countries locking down international travel? Do you have short term memory?  Is your brain the size of a bird?
Here is the problem with your argument: Noone is saying Gamestop is good RIGHT NOW. Gamestop is trash. They have trash service, treat their employees poorly and the bussiness they are most reliant on right now is declining. The reason people invest into Gamestop is because we believe the company can be overhauled completely. The small profits the company does have today and the huge name recognititon used to shift the company to an e-commerce with the stores serving more an experience to the customer as well as a dropp-off location so shipping can be free. This is an enormous task for sure and the risk is there, but so are the profits should it happen. High risk high reward, just like most things on here :)
You may be right. Yolo Tuesday it is
Maybe I just got unlucky. Game arrived 10 days after release
[deleted]
[deleted]
very new to this but just like OP I have earned a lot with TSLA stock.

how does dividend work and how did you calculate you would get 8900 a month if he puts one mil into it?

do these never change? so if I do put it in JEPI I can just park it and never have to worry about it? or do I need to keep on eye on some kind of metric to make sure I am getting good amount/need to sell? very curious how this side of the world works
[removed]
Vornado Realty Trust is a real estate investment trust formed in Maryland, with its primary office in New York City. The company invests in office buildings and street retail in Manhattan.
Then “very cool very legal” when it rebounds in a V
Nobody is investing in it . Hence all time lows
I don't regret the 12k that I lost at such a young age--now I know exactly how to invest for incredible growth over the long term. I spent so much time fucking around with weeklies and being a 🌈🐻, but now I realize the way to make real money is to buy LEAPS on a couple incredible companies and ETFs and hold tf on for a long time. Only up from here🚀
I swear PLTR will be >300$ in some years and all those who kept their shares will cum all over this subreddit. Me too btw
Just found a nio canceled order from August.  10 contracts for 1/15 15c.  It was 3.10 at the time.  43 now
[removed]
so you replaced one addiction with another
Apreciate it. Moon baby. I'm buying a moon bed light soon
The worst place to run into a homeless person is on your way to a Coinstar.
[deleted]
When was it pro trump
I did too, for months
Ikr. Working population loves weekends. Us gambling mf's hate em. I wanna see how much I lose or gain every second
thanks — and i’m glad i didn’t just piss it away on stupid shit.
Buy more VALE
When you preorder a physical copy they usually ship it to you early so it arrives launch day
Calls on Rosetta Stone????
This is only his 2nd post on reddit, and he made some comprehensive, well structured, DD? Seems legit
Tendies literally, too lolol
Texas aahahahaha no
Don't taint my optimism with realism.
I'm ok with 13.
All u had to say was NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 not type up an entire essay
Look, every dem who said shit talking about how a police interaction that ended in death was “racist” and part of systemic racism before any facts came out about the event incited a riot the same way Trump did. The cop could have been incompetent, or scared, or both. (Not the george Floyd one that was heinous—and yet he died from a fentanyl overdose.)

Police aren’t indiscriminately killing black people, but if you make everyone believe they are, of course they’re going to burn down police buildings.

Look at statistics about black deaths by homicide vs black deaths by cop and think about the number of police interactions that are happening every year and tell me cops are just killing black people willy nilly. That shit ain’t true. So yeah, it’s similar. Difference is almost everyone in MSM was agreeing that cops were killing blacks left and right, so who could blame the rioters?

Cops have unjustly killed white people this year too but no one knows their names. This is narrative that’s destroying communities. I’m all about police reform. I get that there are brutality and procedural issues that fuck people in the ghetto, but this narrative has gone too far.
[deleted]
Some misguided thought process that the White House controls the fed
Red from last week?
Best: Colorado

Worst: Oklahoma
[removed]
Reeducation is for foreigners. There are special camps.
You lost me on Utah and Nevada but I’ll take it
[deleted]
Not really, neither of them are scaled enough to capture the future market, so there's plenty of room for them both to grow comfortably 

Doesn't Tsla only make like a few million cars a year?
[deleted]
Beta version next year 🚀🚀🚀 doubt it tho lmao
u retards better hop on the clean energy wave
I’m bullish but you’re forgetting that the bond market doesn’t make sense anymore unless they are certain of going out of business, due to QE.
UPDATE:

Thanks guys for the advice last night: 

https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktbnq4/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gip7mue/

I ended up going on the date and had a nice time. Just got home actually. Drank to much. Had some sex. Will try to see her again if she's up for it.
Its pretty ridiculous how this sub used to be so pro-trump and now its the exact opposite. I feel like most people are just follower drones just going with the tide with no real opinion. and the funny thing is that's exactly what the media wants, you to hate trump only because everyone else does. and then its so much easier to censor the hell out of everyone who says the opposite.
What red? Up 90% last week. Fuck your weekend. I'm ready to lose it all on Monday let's gooooo
Utah? Lol uh why
Solid state is already here. Nio announced it on the weekend. They're years ahead of Tesla.
What's the deal with the corn and soy beans comments now? What am I buying boys?
Customers who have the *option* prefer to have their own battery and charge on their driveway

Customers without driveways living in higher density urban areas with no home charging option are a different matter. I mean, I'd love to home charge from my 3rd floor apartment but the reality is for me it's battery swap or no EV.

So I can easily see battery swap being huge in the European and Asian markets
Morons on Stocktwats like "Parler is getting shut down, markets gonna crash!"
I've never related more to a comment than this
Thanks! Let's hope the floridaman retard energy doesn't melt it before it reaches central florida
we never learn. YOLO FD'S EVERY WEEK
we eurofags cant post loss porn, how is that an upgrade
How is GOEV involved in this, was there also rumors they are part of the collab or is there some other angle?
Just open your eyes pal, Goldman donated a ton to uncle Joe and other dems
Sorry for your loss but it’s turning into one hell of an inheritance.
I've always figured that I should take as long as possible to pay down my student loans. Why pay them off when inflation is paying them off for me?

Mostly sarcasm, but at 35k I got out with less loans than most so I count myself as lucky.
>	NIO 225c 1/22, naturally.

Thought this was 12 days from now at first 🤣
Fuck them kids.

-Michael Burry
Ok smart guy.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/the-autistic-traits-of-human-innovation/2021/01/06/de682c40-487b-11eb-a9d9-1e3ec4a928b9_story.html

Just a book review. The critic was not impressed.
Lol you typed all that to basically just say what all the other bears are saiyan, go jack off to your wife and her bf pegging each other, and go back to bed, retard...
What’s up with these electric car companies making cars that are uglier than my dick? Their design aesthetic looks pretty boring, both Nio and Tesla.
That sect is under 30, and likely doesn't have much money.
1/29 1100c
Damn son, wish you had gone out 2 more months. At this price is it worth buying in your opinion? I got some Feb 85 calls
Graham Stephen is cringe as fuck
Yeah but what’s the point? Siri can’t read the physical paper and neither can I.
Why the fuck wouldnt they choose an American car manufacturer
[deleted]
[deleted]
“Dems, I have this great idea: let’s fuck everyone over by making a terrible fiscal policy. So many lulz”.

There’s no logic there. Just bullshit conspiracy mumbo jumbo.
Plan on laying on my couch all day, covid vaccine has me feeling like shit
What happens to stock you own if it is delisted?
#BEST THEEE STATES:

Texas 
Utah
Nevada

#SHITTIEST THREE STATES:

California
New York
New Mexico
Okay here they come. Don’t say I never do nothin for ya!
[deleted]
Hoping for a bit of a pullback next week so I can buy more
My guys, breathe.  
Use the weekend to relax!  
All that red from last week? Forget about it. Tomorrow is a new week. But you need to make wise decisions. Understand why you fucked up this week and learn. Good luck!
Lol. They'll probably stop using them too. Puts on used iphone prices..
CIBR is a decent etf for this for options
I can’t get behind the fact that William Li and gang literally ditched shareholders for 2 quarters in 2019. No earning calls.
I swear I'm seeing a lot more Tesla bear posts of late. Probably all those benchmarked funds that didn't buy in and are freaking out. 

900c 1/15
Prince Saxon has spoken , let us buy every dip and make this a great year for him.
I was on the spectrum but reading this has made me full retard. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
He likes you more, now go buy something.
I've never looked at insurance beyond my own universal policies....

But if there's an intrinsic value and a time dependent value, then there *might* be similarities?  But I think that where it would end as the insurance policy is not really designed as being transferable on an open exchange.

Probably better to ask a finance person and not me, just a gambling retard.
This 👆👆👆
Florida hoes go crazy for pub subs 🚀🚀🚀
Mama Cathie will bring you arks full of tendies if you are patient.
No chance Publix ever goes public. Look at their balance sheet and employee stock program. There’s zero need for outside funding.
The more money you have the harder the game gets
Yin and Yang my friend. Feeling amazing "proving your haters wrong" goes hand in hand with resentment and bitterness when things don't go your way.

Why would I spend any thoughts on my haters? Let alone making them the center of my most "amazing" moments? Come to think of it, why even have a group of people like that in your life? I don't.
Once TSLA stock reaches $1 million per share we should all cash out and rent a Spaceship to Mars.
Yes
Shit I think it's going to be more like 400-450k. That's if he sells and all of it is realized profit.
So you got more puts or calls?
Futes man will be here later today with line bumps for everyone. Little extra something to carry you to Monday
Well, I was convinced about investing in NIO until I read this. 

Aren’t NIO tied to the government due to their affiliation with JAC, which is operated by the Chinese government? What would stop manipulation of the stock and company if you say it happens so often?
Whenever SPY starts drilling I rush to this sub to see the comments. 

The 3 comments I always see immediately are

“GUH”

“What the fuck just happened” 

“Very healthy market” 

🤣🤣
You gotta share the love with your fellow retards bruh!
400 employees and just a search engines. Right. They were already the best search engine and had garnered so much interest from investors that they, typical of the time, thought that young guys couldn't manage a successful company and brought in "adult supervision" by the name of Eric Schmidt.

And we know that he wasnt important to the creation of value at the company because the stock didnt plunge when he stopped down, and it has grown enormously in the years following his stepping down.

Ans how do you know where Googles money is, and how does that indicate anything about their inability to spend? How come Amazon has no such issues? They are international and they spend every last penny on innovation, only having turned a profit the last few years.
that's pretty fucking dumb
Tesla is a 3 trillion company and NIO is 1 trillion. NIO will soon be 1,000 dollars.

Yes I'm retarded enough.
Really? And Apple and Hyundai might be talking about an Apple car?
Lol
Thanks, I had been wondering
#If you hate the weekend then you ain’t black
BP has been in wind energy for 10+ years on the us side
[deleted]
Well, to be fair... more than 360k US citizens died from covid so far and no one seems to care.  So, there's the other extreme. We also have ppl getting murdered while sleeping in their bed, walking down the street... I guess my point is all countries sucks.  Ok, sorry to bring in politics here.  I'll show myself out.
That so 1921 though
Isn't he actually autistic or something? I thought that's what they were going for in the movie.
MP materials
I like capitalism
Really? That's very brave
Clne, while perhaps a great play, is not really a good comparison to icln (an etf) beyond being in the clean energy space. Pbw or aces would be better comparisons. Psth already skyrocketed. Is there a reason to think an announcement is coming? I thought the pump was fomo spillover from Ipoe.
GME if it dips
No they’re mine
I approve this message
He just told half the US population to take their business elsewhere.  Sounds like a slightly bigger deal than your making of it.  I guess time will tell.
Next 3-6 months? You fucks have been saying a squeeze is going to happen everyday for the last.month.

Fuck this shitty stock im done being pump and dumped.

Im out. Seeya
Eat more bats 🦇
Cmon Monday fuck man weekends suck
GME staying in business till the next century is BULLISH.
Damn thought all you retards would’ve died out from now
Goldman donates millions and millions to high profile dems, look it up
Can you do me a favour and send some of those cloud to central florida? Thanks pal
I'd say you're dumb but you have 4.2M more than me
I’m still in GME if it makes you feel better.
Oh I see, that makes sense.
You got one thing wrong. This place is where you shit on a company so that people buy the company. Try r/investing
Or get one of those drinking birds like Homer did
I'm sold. Life saving being moved as we speak
[deleted]
too broke.
Could pull it forward, but still not happening until covid numbers go down and we can start to open main street up fully. Who knows? Maybe they'll do it to save the dollar since dollar is getting weaker globally and other countries are already moving away.
Until your boss requires you to install a screen capture program that takes a screenshot every 10 minutes. This actually happened, not to me but to other people.
I got horny
Hey, man. If you want to live your life angry at Gamestop for giving you $2 for your $60 game, that's your prerogative.
Yea
Same
Check out the ticker MOON it’s an ETF with their top 3 exposures in NIO, Workhorse, and PLUG and a couple of other innovative companies it’s another option if you are a little bit wary of investing directly into NIO while still getting some NIO exposure
Some lessons are hard learned
I’m a redneck idiot
[deleted]
Evening.  I really don't get horny in the morning anymore
Wait you mean it was bad idea to follow MT as per Vito the grandmaster of steel? I pumped... will it print, Vito online says yes.
>vno 

is that some sort of job finding service?
[removed]
Not enough rockets 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀. Fixed it
It’s snowing here in Texas 🎅❄️🌨
Nah man we all still riding that sweet sweet Soros money from the protests in the summer
That’s not...what the fuck does that even mean?
Def think this could be something but there's so much black swan risk. Which gov (us or ccp) is going to do something to fuck the Share price.
Remember that SPY 20p from last April? That person needs a Go Fund Me.
Working weekends rules, because then I get two days during the week to trade stocks and lose all the money I made.
Thinking about it, it's probably better than 1.1, in a perfect scenario (there is always someone waiting for a battery), 13 batteries spare batteries with 3 hours charge time each, 39 changes a day, 1,170 a month, each car drives 3000km in a month on a 1000km battery, changes 3 times a month, 1170/3=390 cars a month served by the 13 batteries. 13/390=1.033, so you need 3.33% extra batteries to make it work in a perfect scenario, they probably do around 10% though to be sure.

The main reason I think Tesla has better chips than Nvidia is that Cathie Wood said so, so there's probably a chance I'm wrong on that. Tesla is still vertically integrated though and NIO isn't.

My main concern I guess is the rate of improvement with EVs, if e.g. Quantumscape release a battery that makes every other battery redundant, NIO would have to change over their supply. If an EV comes out thats cheaper/better than NIOs then customers could keep their cars less than 5 years, (I know people who swap out their BMWs every 2 years). I guess thats what all the efforts for brand loyalty are for? You make friends from being a NIO owner and don't want to leave the club.

It’s no longer true that the higher a camera’s megapixel count the better. The only thing more megapixels will give you is the ability to enlarge and crop pictures without individual pixels becoming visible. Objects get reduced into boxes anyway, higher resolutions don't help but higher megapixels dont give you better resolution anyway. Lidar is the most confusing part to me, why have it if you have cameras? The sensors are expensive, its like having a belt (cameras) and then spending $10k on braces.

I think a lot of NIO day was to help out their money raising efforts in the stock market, however, I think they will be #2 car maker in the world behind Tesla in a decade.
[removed]
Is the second column your PNL so far? I don't have robinhood
Bought and sold tons Thur and Fri!
BOA put a $20 price target on it though, so we could go up another 20 - 25% soon if it goes up to meet the target.
Fuck Goldman.
I see us on mars. Under the bio dome in Musk mansion drinking champagne. We are the citizens under one consciousness. The me lon. Either that or I’m having a stroke.
[deleted]
It can be useful to turn off your brain and keep in touch with friends.
Didn't knew subway sold fried chicken
Self penetrating?
amazing post
Might buy a couple of calls if its a red day
Just proves he's only good at making money
After following Burry on Twitter for like 4 months & seeing the way he reacts to any kind of criticism/challenge, I know for a FACT he would take the roasting of him in this sub soooo fucking personal which is hilarious
go drink piss
I’m not as smart as Jensen, NVIDIA’s CEO, but my guess is the motivation was to get ARM to produce more powerful/efficient reference designs, not for their own use, but to encourage others to use ARM CPUs, paired with NVIDIA GPUs. That would greatly benefit NVDA.

Their current dominance in Machine Learning is largely due to their KUDA language, great support, great ecosystem, etc.

They can expand their markets by offering compelling hardware.

A word of warning, every big tech company is working on their own proprietary Machine Learning HW. Google TPU is the best example. NVidia has a very uncertain future in this space. Their GPUs are not the best hardware for the job and there are plenty of startups looking to offer something better.

If, as I think, NVidia is trying to offer a complete product (great ARM CPUs, their own GPUs) that only works so long as their GPUs remain first choice for Machine Learning. That’s very uncertain.
Ban for piss poor comeback/ lack of humor/ no personality

And again

Being fucking retarded
Just had morning, it’s the best.
Yeah just like how the stock market tanked on Bidens win and Dem senate runoffs like how 🥭 and all the other boomer 🤡s were saying it would 🤣
I'm in all the way.
I find working out is easier if I’m happy. Explains why I haven’t worked out in over a decade.
When I read the community rented a fucking plane to go to NIO day, I took that literally and got excited.
> jiggle the mouse on the work computer

3d print a robot to do that for you! This is 2021 not 1021!
[deleted]
Split
Haven't played games for a while and don't feel like lurching anymore. I want to find a good trade and I want to make a fuck load of money so I can chill later.
Yeah it actually looks super intetesting.
[deleted]
AAPL calls Monday?
here comes the $200k hyundai
Goldman in bed with Democrats so they will fuck us over soon enough
Those would have hit this week most likely though. Stupid gains this week and all
Stairs up elevator down.
I heard the theme song as I read that
3.1k. I don’t plan on adding anymore money to RH account.
Agreed, diversification is for r/investing and Wu Tang
Yes
Too Low imo
GOEV fixing to 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Safer
Bet they sold knives in high school too
PSTH will be Publix Supermarkets 

Best fried chicken in America...i will fuck you with a plunger if you disagree
When will I ever learn not to hold FD’s over the weekend. Shit is too stressful. TSLA pleas keep flying 🙏🙏🙏🚀🚀🚀🚀🥺🥺🥺
Fuc Kyou is OP’s aunt
Unless you are a sadist and love being done up the bum, leave this place. WSB has broken more dreams than a loose Bull in a China shop.
Do yall prefer morning,afternoon, or evening sex?
Seeing shit like this is what got me to buy gme and pltr ATH. Still tempted to buy nio but I have diamond hands 🙌💎 and won’t
Ya my avg  price is in the 20s too, I'm really hoping they can prove the tech works as they claim cause it could easily 5x within a few years if so.  Shoulda taken profits at 50 or on the way down but I didn't think it would get this low.  Lesson learned.  No way to know though and I'm long on it, let's get this bread
We all know everyone in the low income living apartments you reside in gather at the park at midnight and talk about how orange man bad

These nerds getting more and more cuck by the day 🤡
Get off RH and get on Schwab
Enron entered the chat. How about stay away from American companies as well
I’m mid-30s and haven’t gamed since college. Got Google Stadia last month. Can quickly get a game in via my browser while my app compiles or from the 8:00-8:30 window in the market. Love it.
Would you consider The Greeks somewhat similar to The Actuarial Present Value (APV) in the life insurance/pension plan world?
He's just a permabear who got his one good hit he gets to ride off of forever. Is he smart? Yes. But you can't go against TSLA, you just can't.
His work in 2008 involved a lot of reading of a lot of garbage documentation. Combined with on the ground work, and a Massive set + conviction (tbh not different from u/deepfuckingvalue) and he deserved the reward. 

Tsla shorts lost 40b In 2020. Anyone who thinks they are the chosen one to not lose a boat full of cash... well, they're autists
[deleted]
Priced in then. If market didn’t react then, it won’t react now.
Nah chill I wanna enjoy ARKK gains and not get wiped out if the bubble pops
I think she means that pomegranate are prominent in Persian culture. Maybe she’s racist against Iranians. That bitch.
What’s the logic there?
But China only has like 196 cars per 1000 people which is fuck all compared to the US and European markets which tesla has already established itself in as 'the EV company'.
So a wall of text about a stock thats increased from $2 to $60/share in a year is 'DD' now? Your a fucking looney
Lighten up a bit
Did you not see the WSB post with 3k likes over the weekend??
Ban
🍉 🐗 melon tusk
They said this same
Thing about Luklin Coffee and we all saw what happened to that. Never ever invest in Chinese stocks for long term. Never.
Or they are a disguised Garfield.
If Cathie was really smart ARKK would be 100% in TSLA
What show is this ?
[deleted]
Thursday
With dems in total control I would bet it happens sooner than later
That will be too much refresh for me to bear. I should hire someone at the billion point.
He asked about the whole week not just tomorrow
[removed]
Do you think Jack Ma is hiding in a Nio house? Asking for a friend...
this is exactly why im balls deep in vno calls.
I had 10 contracts that got exercised at $5/share. Immediately sold them for a slight loss back in 2019...
Lol
You need to go to a store and purchase a watermelon, after consuming roughly 80 percent of it you will do jumping jacks until you puke. After that, go look at a 30 day TSLA  chart and tell me what you see.
Monday before open!
[deleted]
Rumour of Hyundai and Apple EV partnership confirmed! 

  https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html

Now let’s see if GOEV can get a piece of the action 🤷‍♂️🚀🚀🚀
Nope, parents didn't do shit for me. Everything I have is because I worked hard and applied myself.

I said that initial comment mostly as a joke but it does have an element of truth. I'm not one who thinks literally everyone can be a millionaire, but I mean get real, you have better chances to be happy and successful when you apply yourself instead of sitting in your parents basement complaining. Go outside and attempt to be productive.

Down vote me to oblivion, idc. I know I'm right. Bitches.
Sold AMD @ $12.20
[deleted]
Thought it was today but looks like Thursday actually.. https://finance.yahoo.com/news/democratic-sweep-in-georgia-could-mean-earlier-rate-hikes-goldman-sachs-163353397.html
Bought some LAC and LIT last week maybe I'll add this to the list
Nah, you’re just a punk
Chinese, American, European, doesn't matter. Autism is autism and that's what counts.  NIO to the 月亮
[deleted]
So there are people that don’t have cars or are think of buying a new car just to get EV subsidies?
Exactly!!! I knew this shit was going to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
watermELON
With that much money you buy shares not calls.

GME is a failing company that will go bankrupt.
I hope there is a real correction so we can all jump back on the gravy train
Gonna take a min.  I need a shovel and some help.
GVACCINES?
You know what? Work isn’t even that hard/bad since work from home. Wake up, jiggle the mouse on the work computer so my status indicator turns green, and lounge around trading stocks while monitoring email. Weekdays are superior to weekends
NOK is gonna moon this year. Heard it here first. I read like 2 articles and 4 headlines then I fipped a quater til my thumb got tired.
watermELON
[deleted]
Pmed you don't tell anyone 🤫
What makes a stock go up? People buying into it and the price goes up

What does a lot of people posting good things about a stock mean? People are buying into it, and it will go up

The point isn't that any of us think GME is going to take over the world. I don't go to a casino and find the blackjack table with a dealer I think is going to be successful in life. Next you're going to tell me TSLA is a bubble. No shit, retard.
Yes yes Of course of course
I’ve seen hints of how this will help canoo can you elaborate your thoughts?  I’m deep into GOEV and would love this. I know that Canoo and Hyundai have an engineering agreement for their skateboard platform.
The fear of raised rates will hit rough, but the action of it will wipe everyone out.
Blame the idiots that voted them all in. 🌈🐻 suck but they gonna win bigly with full dem control
Whenever somebody tells me they hate Mondays, I know they are broke af and work at Wendy's.
Whatever dips
Tight af
M elon
Kill La Kill
SUPER CYCLE - oh I’m dizzy waiting for Vito to do his Sunday night DD. 🥰
None of the shit-talkers have puts, they're just shit-talkers
My process right now is just to hold a TSLA emergency fund to properly buy dips. You BTFD... you are a-okay.
[deleted]
🍉🍉🍉
📈📈📈
⚡️⚡️⚡️
🐂🐂🐂
[removed]
[deleted]
How would I go about in investing in stocks like that then? Im interested in CATL too but not sure how to invest in the other markets
Calls on smaller banks
[removed]
When was this said?
How much guap
Except it takes a week for them the ship the item you pre ordered. Not very good business practice.
I'm gonna throw some weird ones at ya, I suggest doing your own research to see some future possibilities

BlackBerry (BB)- designs software for smart cars, smart homes, etc. Currently in a partnership with Canoo to design their Advances Driver Assistance Software, meaning they will be directly involved in Hyundai/Kia electric vehicles 

Canoo (GOEV)- partnered with Hyundai/Kia, designs "skateboard" platform for EVs which is basically an adaptable vehicle base that includes the mechanisms and drive train

Apple (AAPL)- probably the company going into this industry that has the most money, infrastructure, foreign connections and partnerships, brand recognition, manufacturing scale-up capability, alternate revenue streams to buffer any setbacks, etc. 

Hyundai is working with Apple on "Project Titan" an upcoming EV project
So it’s okay to use the term “retards” in this sub?
Pretty sure the Chinese market is big enough
shit
Fuck you and NEVER get off this rocket.
It's a fruit
If it’s a real stonk then it’s the only option
Oh herro prease! Ching chang ping pang
[deleted]
Pretty sure we had aliens confirmed last year at some point, but no one gave a shit
Those cars are pretty sick looking
I have no idea how any of what you said is in any way relevant to what I said. 

The promise of free speech/no moderation draws the crowd of people whose speech is met with "fuck off" everywhere else. I.e. nazis. It's pretty simple.
The sheer number of people in China make it investable. Living outside of China, it’s impossible to imagine the number of people there. Success within China will bring in a crazy amount of revenue. China has so many people that when they were at war with Japan they literally just overwhelmed tanks with bodies. Can’t advance the tanks if there are thousands of bodies in the way.
No
[deleted]
You’re the expert. I’m asking you bruh.
I cannot disagree with much in there. I know some are interested in creating a more "open" social media platform. Parler isn't the answer, it is a cesspool and would drive most sane people away.
$32EOW....... or there is no god
Yes Biden plz do not delist Nio
I'm juiced to the gills in calls already
Goldman Sachs said Democratic control of both Georgia Senate seats could pull forward the timeline for a Federal Reserve rate hike.

Is this statement gonna tank us? Or the actual act of raising rates?
But cant be bought on Robinhood or ameritrade right? Ive looked and cant find
What if TSLA pulls an Alphabet and SpaceX et al. get rolled along with TSLA stock into a new holding company?
Isn't Pom Wonderful the only kind available anyway?
Wow our autism is global
A lot of us are quite in-the-green
Drink some tea.
Tell your mom I said thanks
Remember selling all of your NIO and XPEV on back in November when they were up like 30%?

Because my paper hands do.
he makes me lose faith in medicine
LOL!
Sus. Hi NIO marketing team
Since starting trading, Saturday feels like the new Monday. FUCK Saturday, all my retards hate Saturdays
这个新闻让我几把太翘硬了
got lucky, like every other big winner in the market
F
🐢🏝?
So you mean its like Tesla, except they actually sell cars, and make profit?
I’m not up on the 🍉 reference anyone care to help a brother out
[removed]
Impossible. Because as soon as it drops even $100, people are going to buy shares and calls knowing this thing only goes up. It has a rising floor.
[deleted]
they are also building charging stations like Tesla. Having battery swap gives the owner more flexibility
[deleted]
cuz it isnt 1 tril
Whutchu got?
CRM,Nvidia, Adobe
TSLA put gang rise up, our time is coming soon!
I buy that you’re not a bot, but not that you’re not CCP
🐻🐼🐨
Didn’t mention the 1st amendment, learn to read.  Free speech is free speech.  People tend to not like being stifled and gagged, no matter what you’re doing or where you live.
the only question is: when does the market open so I can Yolo?
Right, I forgot that there's no other way to express your opinion on the internet. 

What's that, there's other social media platforms? You're on one right now? FAKE NEWS!
[deleted]
AAPL to 200 cya bears
I think people are skipping the potential of $RIDE. They are the best positioned to actually produce products, have an insane preorder demand, and are tied in with $WKHS should they get the USPS contract.
Scottie Fucken PiPPen
Ban for being poor
Europoor car manufactures on life support and coping hard
So literally the opposite
Cuz you have no idea how much money 800b actually is lol
Look at the DD posted by an alleged Chinese autist. NIO seems like a safe long term bet, in the shirt term, Xi could throw a wrench to fuck your FDs at any time
I always wondered what doe sit mean when one gets de-listed.

so let's say NIO gets de-listed what happens to all the shares people bought? does it just disappear and people who had NIO are SOL? or do they get money back at the last moment NIO stock was priced at? or something else?

I have a lot of Tesla shares and want to sell some to invest in NIO now while it's low price but because it's Chinese company I am afraid to pull the trigger
This ^
[deleted]
Everytime i remember burry is shorting tsla, i am reassured about the few shares I shorted. But then I look at his twitter and feed and god damn is that man retarded. He cant be as smart as he once was
[removed]
I totally agree on the student loan front and have been saying it for a while now. It should be easy for people to understand the argument now because most people lived through the housing crisis, but no one important is explaining that shit. Good chatting though. I’m pretty libertarian but I know I don’t know everything...I feel like when you fuck with markets too much bad things happen.
Yes but they have finally mastered how to fit in with redditors and other online users. This person isn't just speaking fluent English, they're speaking retard/redditor and it's working.
But it’s not all going to Tesla so maybe $0.5 max
Waiting to buy TSLA on a dip is like people wanting to buy season tickets for the Patriots. There’s a wait list 18 years long for that and even with Tom Brady gone I don’t think it’s gone down much. Sooo many dip buyers
[removed]
So the guy that wanted the cake can go elsewhere? Interesting.  Where do you go if Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Shopify, etc etc etc all collude to ban you on the same day? 
Again, define monopoly. Define monopolistic practices. Then think, is the cake scenario really relevant?
I bought some pomegranate juice and my mom is like "why do you like that kind?" 

What possible reasons could there be? It tastes good? 😒🤦🏻‍♂️
Account created 130days ago, First post is 130days ago, this is the second post, looks legit af
damn double the pain
This means he has a revolver with a single bullet in it on his desk
TSLA only
[deleted]
Agreed, 5 trillion going into value stocks
Im selling my ps5. Gaming is so useless
Is the discovery of aliens in March already priced in?
Yes
[deleted]
I wouldn't worry about it. China has so much dirt on Biden and his family they won't do anything to piss Winnie the Pooh off.
Backed by the Chinese gov lol
Diamond hand for higher gains bois
Focused more on GME and their new incoming leadership! #wewantryan
Tik Tok girls are secretly experts
Ban and gay
Where did you hide Jack Ma chinese man (╯ ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)╯
🍉 Melon men together strong
**Onlyklans
i’m laughing at this 

how is this news

it’s projecting 4-5 years in the future

zero real interest rates for 4-5 years, and that’s without any other major problems, which seems unlikely to me
I’m totally with you dude. I’ve bought avg price down from ~45 to 23.

In it for the long run. IF everything goes as they expect it to, this thing could be absolutely massive! The next 3-6 months should give us a better idea
So you've been autisticly trading for a while, if you could give 2000 yourself pieces of advice what would that be ?
How much are you in for?
[removed]
Post was amazing. Fuck the haters!
I have the perfect meme for whenever we have a correction but it might be a while before I get to post it 

Spy 383c 1/15
The funniest thing to me about Bears is that they're hoping to be right for literally one day lmao.

They'll short and lose for weeks and if it does crash they're probably still in the red. Whereas us bulls keep making money day in and day out and when it crashes it's like oh, I lost YESTERDAY'S profit lmaoooo
My 12 year old daughter had to explain who this guy is... I now have a new rich person to hate.
[deleted]
Congrats and please fuck me
This is honestly pretty good. I would add some bank stocks to this as a long exposure to the expectation of rising interest rates and a counterbalance to the heavy growth equity exposure of the green stocks.
It's a deeply mathematical process involving five distinct variables, each assigned a Greek letter (theta, for example, represents the time component) and takes a hardcore financial analyst to model properly.

I just look at current price for an option on my broker and see it's $5.50 dollars.
Sure, with a less than 1 delta. Shares are the play on NIO imo.
r/stocks
F
VALE/MT
[removed]
Guess you all much have missed the calls on PLUG last week 🚀 🚀 🚀
ban
This is the way
Damn you do know a lot about Nio, thanks for your reply tho.
What are some others?
*Chinese redditor* "listen up retards!"

*American redditors* "he's speaking the language of the gods!"
PLUG and many others. I don't get it either...
*Asian
Yes. It wasn’t completely blind. You chose TSLA over ZNGA for a reason.
Nio market cap is almost 100 billion. 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Everyone rotate into green tech.
Profit takers, short sellers, bears, me
> Still no new factory / vertical integration nor updates on expansion to Europe. 

Tesla is employing vertical integration but that doesn’t mean it’s the only strategy out there. 

> Solid state battery isn’t product ready until the end of 2022 at the earliest. And they won’t have control over the production pipeline since they are adopting someone else’s solid state battery (either CATL or Prologium). 

Still earlier than anyone else. 

> New self driving development via partnership with Nvidia is great but not groundbreaking. A lot of auto manufacturers are already using Nvidia’s platform to develop self driving like Xpeng and Li. 

Autonomy is going to be like that though. Besides Tesla doing their own thing, NVDA will be partnering with many automakers as will different LIDAR suppliers. It’s still great news for NIO. 

> ET7 is promising but won’t be delivered until Q1, 2022 at the earliest. It’s also an ultra premium sedan that competes w/ model S which really hasn’t been the moneymaker of all EV models.  

Actually these more expensive EVs have higher margins because the powertrain is expensive. 

Just some counterpoints.
Check the press articles on Nio Day (Barrons headlined with 'Nio day a blockbuster").  News turned out better than rumors I think.

Lets see what big money think Monday AM.
pretty much, they allow some tesla sales but wont allow market domination by a non chinese company.
G + what gives you aids
Maybe a small drop but nothing more.

Ally hey did was remove the swamp from their platform
I know it only takes 10 min to change the battery, but how long does it take waiting in line to get that 10 min battery change? Does Nio plan on putting charging stations, or are they just going to stick with battery changes? How much does it cost to change the battery?

Tesla at supercharging stations don’t take two hours to charge. It can take a max of 30 min. I have two.

I wish there was some law about everyone using the same charger, so everyone could use each other’s charging station.
1/15
People seriously underestimate the charging network or maybe haven’t ever had to charge while on the road. I have a MS and the difference between using a super charger and a regular non Tesla EV charger is hard to overstate. We are talking 45 minutes versus like 7 hours. 

Having said that, a fast charging universal battery totally wipes away that advantage and all the money Tesla invested in it so 🤷🏻‍♂️
Not much. My family has 120 acres in a trust. Homestead exemption because one family member lives in the small home on the property. We pay around $350 per year.
[deleted]
My be so however it might not be about which is the better car or who has the better technology but rather which country has the ability to buy the most product.  Without a doubt both depend on the potential 1.4 Billion Chinese customers.  

At the same time we all know the Chinese government will always favor their local companies and with the tension w the US I wouldn’t doubt TSLA gets cock blocked in their local market in the close future.  By simply adding a tariff on TSLA cars the stock would drop fast n hard.  Last I heard none of the Chinese EV’s sell in the US.   Plus TSLA has also swelled to a stupid valuation.  

Long term money is on NIO
I don’t like small dogs either but my sister has a poodle/chihuahua mix and that dog is fucking awesome
What expiry? I would expect a dip if no announcement this week or next.
You clearly came to slay.
Puts
[deleted]
Cowboy Bepop
He'd probably just buy twitter
[deleted]
It's not mentality, it's autism to it's fullest potential.
Not sure which bubble you refer to?

Free market cake making monopoly: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece\_Cakeshop\_v.\_Colorado\_Civil\_Rights\_Commission#](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece_Cakeshop_v._Colorado_Civil_Rights_Commission#)
Xl, Ttcf, Crsr, Nvda, Nio maybe
Who's 'they'
Several high days will have people taking profit. The news from NIO shows that there is a legit competitor looming now, with much cheaper premiums and room to run. Fear of the TSLA bubble has been brought up a lot lately.

So I can see a sell off at open with a rally about an hour after open. Fomo is still pretty high, a decent entry point will have people jumping back in.
Put your money where your words are, and I wish you the best.
If you're already in, wait to see what it does monday. If it closes green, then it's to the moon we go.
I’m gonna buy them ITM so like a $40 strike price.
[removed]
LEAPS on Electric Charging stations. Make bank.
reasonable. you will also be the richest man in the world in 40 years. keep it up
And his dog
im ready for this
Dems gonna butt fuck pharmaceutical companies. I'm stealing clear of the whole industry
Me too, especially the progress they're making with uighurs

/s

If you're thinking the people aren't racist and complicit... You have much to learn about how people enable government atrocities
Ban
Then make an appealing EV for me to buy reeeeeee
AMD and Nvidia in enterprise and now Apple and Microsoft are developing PC chips.
How did you post this? You guys got computers over there?
If you buy ITM it’s only a 23% break even
The media likes to portray Trump supporters as redneck idiots but really most of them are gamers with day jobs that spend way too much time on 4chan.
Weekend SPX green, bears r fuk
I feel attacked
🍎 🚗 = ♿️🧠
Y'all switch the placement of periods and comas in monetary amounts?

Fuckin wild
Only if you like money
[removed]
[deleted]
Ban
400$ crikey i would of thought 120 at most 🤔
He's good pals with Jack. Won't happen.
As it was this day, the day before, and all the days before that, the bear doth know that the end draws near, but when that end will be or why his penis is forever flaccid, the bear knows not -

The Book of Job
Yo Vito, what’s the deal with Vale? We expecting it to boom?
[removed]
Ban
Wtf
Today is the time to get your mind clear and ready for Monday morning. Take a walk, call your grandparents if you're lucky enough to still have them around, chill out watching sports ball or playing video games, and wash your nasty pillow case.
So puts it is
I think it goes up. This is just more exposure
!remindme 5 days
Nah he’s talking about Counter Strike Clobal Offensive. Different game
Idk either
The original post I'll give it benefit of doubt. But the overly CCP-friendly and  defensive responses make him  definitely a shill.
Im bullish but I think we will face a cyclical correction for 1-2 weeks
You watching Out Of Sight too right now?
This.

Funny? Yes.
True? Yes.
Tendies? Yes.
Yeah all European big oil have been investing in renewable. If you have access to, total oil is the one with the most projects/current renewable energy, then equinor and bp/shell
Profit taking sometimes leads to panic selling, but it'll bounce
Are we all buying NIO Monday open?
It all depends on where you think the price is gonna go. ITM calls are a lot safer than OTM calls but obviously they’re more expensive for that reason
XL
You had me at cult.

All in
Eat fresh
[deleted]
you can lurk without an account.
What do you mean by market protection. Like the ccp won’t allow competition?
I've made a lot shorting gme. Why? I pre ordered cyberpunk and by the time it arrived all my friends had beat the game. 10 days after release I get the item I pre ordered. This is just one of the countless times gamestop has fucked me over. I'm all about moon shots but gme is dog shit. I look at the chart only for technicals but fundamentally gme has a long way to go
r/wallstreetbets ****
I’m buying leaps at open if that says much
I’m not smart enough to understand this. So sell the option, then buy a later date, at a higher strike price?
This is the user’s first post lmao
BIDU
[removed]
Their analyst is probably in this subreddit
Thanks for including the TLDR at the bottom. Great way to summarize for people like me who don’t have time (or don’t know how) to read.
Because in China there is no difference between a private company and the CCP. Promoting NIO is promoting the CCP. And that's what OP is attempting to do. 

Promoting Tesla is promoting the best of America. It's celebrating an immigrant that leveraged opportunity in the country to create some of the greatest and most innovative companies in the world. Companies that have the potential to positively alter mankind's trajectory. 

Call it cult-like or whatever. I have no money in Tesla but I have respect for Papa Musk. And I have derision for the CCP.
Idk man what calls should I get huh
Few months/years from now : WHERE IS WILLIAM LI??
They saved the budget from building new factories like Tesla did, they outsourced the manufacturing to JAC to fund the budget of service/Nio house etc which imo is a great move
🍉
😂
[deleted]
100,000 calls $2000 strike
We'll find out when we get there.
This is probably what I’ll do. I have $50k in PLTR that I could be making a lot more money with right now in other plays. Pretty sure PLTR will still be around $25 when I’m ready to go back to it.
News or shitpost?
Deadass worried about NIO tomorrow like which way is it gonna go? Headlines seem pretty positive
We all know trailer parks are swarming with rich people
Stop hurting me
ignore it like you ignore a homeless person ranting on the subway
Dont ban me please but can someone tell me what they think about catalyst pharmaceuticals?
He called me a retard and there were pictures... I'm in!
[deleted]
NEED
Going to use the manufacturing plant in Georgia is the current idea with possibility of building a new one in Murica
BUT WHERE IS WILLIAM LI??
What are you trying to say? Lol
This is the way.
GOEV. Hyundai is an investor.
So here it is kinda. Some amazing people in this Reddit do DD (due diligence) on stock. Buy vs not buy. Sometimes good, sometimes shit. But your apart of r/wallstbets so you believe and YOLO. But of course that shit goes down. Now your on your last leg, you tell the bears to fuck off and you see another very retarded DD post. You believe it, except this time the stock 🚀🚀🚀🚀 and your back baby - in the green! Now start reading this comment from the beginning again.
[original yolo post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kmhb2p/45k_yolo_just_btfded_on_the_leading_stock_in_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Anyone want to buy some puts on my portfolio? Seems like I am the only person on here to have finished the week in the red lol
Also PLTR. Some guy on this subreddit drew some arbitrary lines on a graph. That must mean something big is coming.
lmao this is the actual takeaway
[deleted]
This. There will always be a  next trump, kanye or taylor swift, who needs a platform to to be heard, but despite their limited shelf lives there arent that many social media platforms that have this much reach.

The lesson here for the republicans or maga cultists should be that the moment someone is installed in office that person needs to start on that alternative platform so the account popularity can grow during that period in order to attract a wider public, and not just the extremists. The switch to parler was too late. Trump completely depended on twitter and doesn't have a viable alternative.
[removed]
[deleted]
tsla 📉

🧻🤲

📈🤡
Pets.com brought everythint down incl msft, intc, the whole SP500. 2000-2003.
Or bat eat bat
[deleted]
He just got done chasing the chicken LOL
I hope so 😕
The longer the DD the more bullshit it is
How’s premium calculated?
if his mom is chinese i'll definitely fuk.  chinese chicks got nice pussies
It's just a difference of $250 billion. I'm sure everything else was calculated fine and we can rely on this sound investment advice.
Why? What happened for the spike in 2017?
Might buy a couple, only .02 delta
While my PLUG calls were *printing* money last week, people were YOLOing their life savings into GME. I just don't get it.
Durrrrrr ThE PaRaDIgM HaS ShIFtED durrrr
Question is, how much is too much, the budget have spent on marketing and customer service is the budget not spent on r&d and improvement 😶😶 not shitting anything just trying to throwing shade out there.
Is there a specific ticker to  search for?
TSLA thrives on subsidies
I’m thinking BP honestly. Sounds crazy but they’ve recently made big promises on moving toward renewables. I can see BP charging stations on the horizon
F
I'm In this post & I HATE IT.... Thanks OP great writeup👍
I guess pooh army already infiltrated reddit so he has to be careful
I love tsla stock but the interior of a Tesla is straight trash. Cabin noise in worse than a Fucking Kia. Tesla quality is terrible and Mercs will always dominate luxury.
I don’t know what it is, but I get mildly titillated reading bright eyed bushy tailed new blood posts....
[deleted]
Im snagging AMZN tomorrow for this reason.
Bear nation? A run-down shell gas station?
First half of 2021! (Allegedly)
I always take my investment advice from the CCP
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/democratic-sweep-in-georgia-could-mean-earlier-rate-hikes-goldman-sachs-163353397.html

Sackless making a big balls call
For mt yeah going all in on vale and icln market open
8% growth
Damn you still think this goes from here without a bubble pop during the leap to crush you with IV ?
Oh no
I don’t buy NIO because I don’t want to support a communist party who currently commits genocide and has over 3mm people held in concentration camps, killing Muslims and Christians purely on the merits of their skin/religion. Never buy NIO, long TSLA till the end of day.
It was true for years after 2008. Somewhere between 2012 and 2019 the US should have minded the deficit a bit more, but right now it does not matter
looks like an average filipina or a below average white. thats all they got? lmao
Still a good move to grab a few of the contracts that right in the money?
[removed]
3,100%. This was the play. Congrats. I thought my measly 1,200% was nice. Lol
That's fucking creepy. Gotta buy some calls
Some legit player did that though, like Ron Baron
Nobody got rich supporting socialism 🤡💀
Don’t hesitate on a dip at open if there is one
All I want to know is how this impacts my UUP position
I sold mine last week and made all my losses back plus some in 2 days on clean energy
I can assure you that the majority of degenerates here have barely a life raft.
I worry about some of the guys that think that it has.
She’s only down 66% to be fair
From the bear nation 🌍🐻🌎 I can see to the ends of the world, and from this vantage point, I declare with utter certainty that bul is fuk.
My biggest concern with NIO is that if we aren’t in China, we can’t buy the stock. All we can do is buy a proxy stock that’s not backed by any legal standing.
When is it good to buy lean hogs, asking for a friend
All the DD I need!
I fucking had a bad feeling about flying immediately after everything shut down. Maintenance crews need to shake the rust off and get back a sense of normalcy before I trust my life in their hands

But be carful of those airline puts because Nancy wants the Airline bailout
Yes. GME is partnering with KFC. They'll use the food waste from KFC to make pet food, and use GME's new omnichannel to power KFC's self driving cars.
到月球去
What do you guys recommend for a long term EV play? thinking ab blnk
fuckin hero class
I've heard it should be used correctly to other people, in a respectful manner i.e. "Mr.Autist", "Dr.Autist" and "Retard-sir"
Ban for pure and utter retardation
Krapple
No ones been talking about PSTH here at all hmmm
GigaChad?
Yahoo Finance notification just now
Not necessarily hype for nio, but hype for EVs. Competition is healthy and up to this point tesla has had no serious competition. This NIO hype will cause elon to do some crazy shit to top nio. Just wait
I think nio is going to be running hot into earnings. I personally think there is a good chance it ends the week at 70. And 100 after earnings in February...
Buy the rumor sell the news
What exactly happens when company gets deleted?  Shares get transferred to another exchange right?  Is it same for calls?  Price may drop in short term but won’t others scoop it up eventually?
He just told over 70 million people to go fuck themselves.  Sounds like a good business plan to me.
Tight I’m in
Looking at a perfect horizontal line is more disappointing than seeing it drop off a cliff
It was at an all time high of 36$ about 20 years ago, for anyone wondering.
🧠
Lol
I'm hoping Crammer will yap about it
Fuck your mom.
Check your moms bedroom!
谢谢 互相分享！
Gimme a hint :(
What is this? No LAC? No LTHM?
We're talking trump supporters here. I doubt half of them know what stocks are
Yeah by a whole two quarters lol. 2nd half of 2024 as opposed to early 2025. In other words just before a new election instead of just after.
Biden is pretty friendly on China though
Yeah I fucking sold at $14 a week before the run to $21 cause I thought I’d have time. Not fucking again
I'd like to know of examples as well. Target and Best Buy both have huge stores with tons of products, whereas GameStop stores are tiny and in need of serious renovation. I just don't see the comparison.
I’m on the theory that social media is more likely to face lawsuits in the future from the violence we saw earlier this week. I’m on the side of pulling money out for sure
I mean, it could go down, it could go up. Live accordingly.
Unpopular opinion: Tesla is like the fisher price version of NIO.
[deleted]
Correct, it’s for a young audience (really young). I have watched no more than 3 or 4 videos from the beast, mostly because it was on the top recommended BS. 

Now, if somehow we could use all those autist to buy GME somehow... Mnnnn.
Your SPY $500 call expires Friday.
If you can afford the premium, it's a very smart play.
buffet doesent have memes either. I just picked 3 traits for the 3 billionaires outta my ass. They dont have to have all 3
A banned ticker
Wsb said nio to the moon? That is I’m buying put options.
It’s not, and fuck Luckin
Lol right? Plus a phat stack of data.
I just read this whole thing with a Chinese accent
We lose battles, but never the war
Pls stop, i have tesla puts but you can't use weekend dow as a indicator, it's fucking retarded
China is Ronald Reagan’s wet dream. 80s style capitalism on steroids. No wonder Republicans hate China so much, makes them jealous lol
Bullshit.  No one hates money that much.
Yeah, people forget amazon tanked HARD too. 

And this post ignores survivorship bias. OP picked one survivor, now pull out the list of massively overvalued .com stocks that never recovered.  

Hindsight is always 20/20, and of course if you can pick the one stock from the other hundred that blew up during the .com era you'll look smart in the long run. But when you're actually in the trenches before and during the .com blow up it was very hard to tell who'd win. 

I meannTimwarner spent billions acquiring AOL. How's that work out for them?
OK retard 🙂
Damn this is some top level propaganda I mean DD. All in on NIO!
A shit ton.
Me too man, tmrws gonna be a big day.
[deleted]
Prob gapping up over 30 in the morning
Trump people have no money.  The total might amount to a couple of thousand bucks.  But hey go for it. Good luck.
I dunno man that stock has been wrecked really hard for years.
If there's one thing a 42-year-old cardiothoracic surgeon needs to convince him, it's free breakfast at a waffle house.
What is everyone buyin tomorrow?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
PLTR to the mooooon🚀🚀🚀
I had 1000 shares of nio I got for 4.35 and sold for 8 ya know respectable profit... man I wish I would’ve held onto it
They have $?
It’ll probably be at $32 at open .
Never thought about that...
“Don’t trust China , China is arsshore!”
Here’s the thing buddy... you lost when you said China
Battery life reduced by software, battery not repairable... to force you to buy new over priced car every two years.

Need to invest in this.
small dogs are the worst.
🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋
[deleted]
> Friday afternoon we had a minor pullback and quick recovery. But that's a sign of the shakeyness of the short term price

Isn't that literally a sign of price strength? All stocks need time to breathe.
Stop doing genocide
[deleted]
Why is hype for NIO good for TSLA? The bigger and better NIO is, the less money and market share Tesla will make
That airplane was like 25 years old...
wait for the next riot and buy the dip
Don't care if OP is shill or not. As a HK born person I just don't trust chinese companies overall. I'm long TSLA but i just can't get myself into NIO. 

Companies can cook their books and embellish about how nice their product will be, and then will come crashing down cyberpunk2077 style and their officers already got out and got rich from defrauding investors. Look at fucking Lucking Coffee
Put this shit on an hour loop
No way bruh. It’s going to run up to nio day.
[deleted]
Does anyone’s see psychedelic stocks going anywhere with this administration?
I’d argue it’s a better time to pick them up.   They are all reporting earnings at the end of the month and most likely will kill estimates.
I agree, i don’t even wanna buy stocks. I rather put this extra money to FDs but the non autist part of me is saying to park this in some shares
Opens app.... Same as Friday night.... Opens app.... Same as Friday night.... Repeat x infinity til monday
Everyone that listens to the bears and bearish bulls and sell, well... Good luck.
[deleted]
Jeff below is gonna be poor compared to elon and he knows it. Think if neaura link and star link goes public elon will be worth a trillion eventually
冲上月球！
So for the record, I love dogs. I have one right now and grew up with two. But my god, I HATE my inlaws’ dog. It’s a small little poodle that doesn’t shut the fuck up. I just want to punt it. What makes matters worse, they treat it like absolute royalty.
Thoughts on ARKG this week?
That’s gunna be a no for me dog, anyone take a look at this guys post and comment history??
Yeah and cnn forecast baba to 2k by eoy
It's speculation but Canoo and Hyundai are co-developing a platform and Apple and Hyundai are now also co-developing a platform... so there's a possibility Canoo could be involved in some way.
Why didn’t you start with this comment instead of your first? Of course I agree with this comment as this was indeed an economic policy that China incorporated for years. 

Your first comment felt really condescending as if it was just hate on NIO for being Chinese and the cult-like love for Tesla.
> Chinese

Fuck you
Sauce?
It's called a pyramid scheme, they will make most profit from this pump and dump whilst idiot will buy at higher price and be left bagholding for the next century.
Should have said this when NIO was $4 motherfucker.
did you see the ceo on cramer last month? he sounds incompetent
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Spot on about the watch twitch thing.  Fucking freaks
It has market protection within china, so while its not gonna be tesla levels anytime soon 85-100 eoy is really reasonable
No. That’s for people that want to play no limit, who have the money to play no limit, but they’re still just bitches.
Also in for 20 contracts at 40/45 strikes. Bought low when they were introduced. Excellent value
Define bubble.

Also is there a cake making monopoly I’m not aware of?
Am I buying shares or options right now if I only wanna drop 300$
Thanks for the great write up!
Solid trade idea just looking at the chart, any fundamental catalyst though?
Plan on getting 1 LEAP on ICLN and 1 LEAP on NIO tomorrow, never tried leaps so $2000 fair and easy
2024 lol might be a few other better ones out already I have a wild guess
You can not forget about Freeport-McMoran Inc.( $FCX ) mines more copper than any other publicly traded company in the world. Its assets include the Indonesian Grasberg mining complex, the world's largest copper and gold mine in terms of recoverable reserves. Freeport also has significant mining operations in the Americas. Copper is used for all electronics, all things that use wires, electric motors etc.
They literally can't catch a break, actually gonna be so fucked on Monday
Sportsbook
Same here. Right at open
There was nothing political about it.  Fuck you money is true freedom.
I think a lot of Trumpers will be pulling money out of Google, Amazon, Facebook, and Twitter early this week. Could be a good time to short them.
That’s all good and dandy, but where’s Jack Ma?
Thanks for correcting me. The post made it seem like he cashed out for more.
Ironically the higher we pump up the stock and keep talking about Tesla the more likely that monopoly becomes...
I'm thinking the same thing. Where do you think $NIO will be by then.
No worries! I probably should have said Brokerage which is pretty much just the apps everyone is using to buy and sell securities and contracts
Don’t listen To him bro he’s a fake autist
Are you me? Cause that's why I came here. About to do the same.
I'm new to this form, what is this 🍉 meme about?
CNN forecast has it going up to 300+ .. idk what they’re smoking but I hope they’re right
Are u sure ur in?  I dont feel anything.
Unless elon dies i can’t imagine tesla goes down. Hype for NIO is good for all EVs and Biden announcing a ton of things this week.
I'm in your original position now but Ronas about over and Tesla alrdy mooned. Rope?
[deleted]
Lin Wood probably going to jail or a padded cell
Haha I see what you did there.
what does that matter?
Can't lose if you don't sell
Mixed feelings.  Hyundai came onto American market like a boss.  Started out having cars that kept running 100k+ miles originally sold early 2000’s around $10k.  Still offering absolutely every option in their cars for cheaper than anyone can match.  It is a cheap car but they sure have sold a lot of them.  And they are cheaper(company value) to buy than any of the major companies especially domestics who are trying to do ev already and lagging like a mf
We would merge with GME to try to trigger the infinity squeeze, possibly trigger it, sell off everything in the climb, and totally ruin the company in the process. But hey....gains.
One that I’m eyeballing has globus in the name. Worst case I’m out a grand. Best case I’ll be sitting on an island in the Caribbean in a few years
I really just Wana be rich. Tesla please give me a clue
[removed]
You guys are making profit after losing almost everything?
冲上月球！
F
send pics of whole article?
Lol did u just wake up from a two day nap?
This is the first GME post I've seen that really dives into what Cohen seems to be doing. Yes, obviously he wants GameStop to succeed.


But I think more than that he's been studying companies like Amazon and looking for how to do better. Amazon is amazing at a few things, like free and fast delivery and being a one stop shop for...everything. But Amazon does NOT have great customer service. They also have a real and growing problem with sellers. Sold and shipped by Amazon? Cool, no worries there. Literally any other seller? It could be a Chinese knockoff and there's no way to know.


I think Cohen knows that GME can easily compete in delivery by using retail locations, customer service is his trademark, and he won't allow anyone else to sell on their platform. I can see him siphoning off a chunk of Amazon's business this way. As soon as people get used to buying electronics from GameStop, they won't use Amazon for them as much.
Should I still try and get in on Nio? How high can we really expect the stock to go for an EV company in China on the US stock market
Audibly lold
I’m at 27k from 16k invested 😎 BABA 3/19 250 calls
Bought 3000 nio at $3 sold at $15, hell yeah multibagger... goddamn sometimes I wanna shoot myself
going all in boeing puts monday open no brainer
That's part of FOMO, and while fun, it will eventually break the bank.

&#x200B;

Enjoy the ride down, fellow retard!
Hahaha as someone who’s holding both Tesla and Nio shares and calls, I sincerely hope my post doesn’t negatively affect Tesla lmaooo
Fantastic! Being full retard, I’d like to know if it’s the Chinese moon or the other one?
Damn I did something like this but kept two shares just in case, I had 10 at first.
Cheap outsourced Asian manufacturing with zero accountability? Sounds like a winning strategy!
Gon drop to 50 monday
Shares bag holder but I'm not really down that much. I'm thinking IF their tech is proven to be effective and their existing customers agree to buy more hybrid units then it could explode.  How the production of their ERX fully electric truck goes this year could be another catalyst.  There have been some good reviews from their customers, but no numbers yet on fuel savings or additional fleet orders. I expect within 3 months there will be some news, good or bad.  RNG will be more cost effective and easier infrastructure for long haul trucking if they can make it work.
[deleted]
Dude you're a badass. Thanks
Wow were you just rolling over weeklies that entire time?
[deleted]
By April I think GME will be 55 a share. I’m blessing you with my good luck. I’ve always been lucky.
Hey there Sam (smartertrader) follower. Rippy rippy. Are you and wifey smiling?
LEAVE NOW AND NEVER RETURN!!! GET OUT!!!!!
Where the fuck was this DD 8 months ago?
Wish apple started a new company for this, they could’ve raised so much money on day 1
Bruh everyone expecting bearish news 😂.
Tbf they’re probably making more than any of us lol
not sure if I should wait to double down on nio. At this point is there even gonna be a dip?
Damn!
> would be Fed raising rates unexpectedly

In this economic situation? With how volatile the market is, it would fucking implode at any talks about raising rates
Unpopular opinion:
nio is the wish version of Tesla
Hello  William Li's spoke person,(OP)

problem is that 1 word about pooh and woosh it's reputation, community, support, all are gone as reeducation camp commence.

Ofc we can live the high life and early retirement in imaginary retardland 'till then so jolly up for the ride.
Lol. Bulk. Damned auto correct
I would change my first born's name
Yes, thankful for that!!
Nio + qualcomm too
So according to a compound interest calculator, if my 2020 gains are can be reliably repeatable, I will be a millionaire in... 11 years, or about 143 392 clics on my portfolio app refresh button. A lot of work ahead!   


Ironically, I had to use a second compound calculator because the first didn't accepted interest above 35%. 🌈🐻
Glad I could give back some to this WSB community
When they drop it, they're not letting people get out with their gains. They're gonna gap it down and drill it to the ground so fast you won't even have time to finish beating your meat lol
[deleted]
Lol I thought I was the only one. Disney got a majority stake in it tho so it’s solid.
Nothing in this world is certain, I’m holding pltr
Just buy shares. The premium is out of hand.
So as late as 2028 then, presumably.
Will do!
Not to mention the stranglehold China has on the global Copper supply ( needed for batteries)......China knows what they are doing. 

I’m all in
Yo just to confirm that nio is not some luckin coffee
so buy Dow Jones Global Shipping Index?
If burry wasn’t in this picture creating this selling/put buying  pressure we’d be free of this stress
Another 737 crashed (non max).
Get your puts ready. And fuck Boeing, they have so much blood on their hands.
Balls deep in G  hiv and nobody is talking about it so I will print
I wouldn't put it all in there and I certainly wouldn't invest everything at one time with us sitting at ATHs, but I'd happily invest 15-20% in that single stock.
Eventually yes. It’s dead for now. Can’t get past resistance until it secures more contracts / proves its worth during vaccine rollout IMO.
Should I sell my walmart to buy Nio?
Dominos has good deals
Pretty sure increase in long term cap gains tax only for those with income over $1mill....
Can someone please describe all this nuance?
And wireless headphones because wired door speakers are so gauche.
[removed]
Yup it's one thing when they piss off millions of users, but pissing off their shareholders is much more significant IMO, pretty sure people that own tens of thousands of Twitter stock don't like the fact that they're casually censoring accounts without any retaliation
Proof or ban that you’re chinese
谢谢兄弟，你真的厉害哦。好像这个快要到了月，NIO万岁🚀🚀🚀
June 400p?
Each platform is different, but below is an example with robinhood.

Average price is what I bought it for. Current price is what it's now worth

[https://i.imgur.com/g0OBlIu.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/g0OBlIu.jpg)


It should be pretty straightforward though but the terms you'd need to know:

When you buy a call/put, you are Buying to Open.
When you sell back that call/put, you are Selling to Close


Selling to open and Buying to Close are different things and involve writing calls/puts. Don't worry about those yet.
Bro who ships dry bulls

WET BULLS ARE THE ONLY BULLS I WANT SHIPPED
I’m thinking the same thing I’ve thought for the past 3 months, it’ll go up eventually right?
Just roll into OTM NIO leaps
It'll grow
Lol we both fucked up
So if I’m hearing this correctly, you’re saying this is the perfect time to buy
Oh look its already starting, so much for "low rates for years"

Goldman Sachs says that early rate hike is now possible.
he is not going to be present :(
All the better
What if it likes the whole number of 1000?
It’s not because the market chose to leave them alone.

Boutique carmakers use LS engines because they are reasonably priced and offer great support which will last well into the future. They aren’t concerned about the power because they can fix that themselves.

ARM was willing to partner with anyone. For most applications, power isn’t a big deal, the support, commonality, and existing ecosystem are all more important.

Here’s the thing, those are all well and good for a company building microcontrollers or budget phones, NVDA is not one of those things. Neither is Apple, hence why Apple’s CPUs are nothing like the ARM reference designs.

Apple would gain nothing from buying ARM. They don’t care about the existing ecosystem, the reference ARM license designs don’t help them make better CPUs, there’s really no point.

NVidia has been frankly terrible at making their own mobile CPUs. Ideally they’d be like Apple, and they would have their own high performance designs, and not benefit from purchasing ARM. The fact that they did purchase ARM to an extent comes off like an admission of defeat. It’s like NVIDIA is admitting they don’t have what it takes to compete.

It’s like if a boutique carmaker bought Chevy. For what? So they can force Chevy to make the LS motor better, on their behalf? 

Even if Chevy did, now Chevy would want to sell these upgrades engines to everyone. NVidia gains no moat, not advantage to being the owner.
Fuck China
So Bidens propaganda doesn’t affect mortgage stocks ?
[deleted]
Can somebody please reassure me that PLTR will eventually grow? Otherwise I’m tempted to sell my shares and double down on NIO.
Im only playin
Wow you have 100k! I’d kill for $100 😂 I can’t wait to start college.
Best Buy as well. Look at their price movement since switching focus to e-commerce
It is interesting to me how all the GME haters never provide any reasons as to why they think GME is going to collapse, they just leave retarded comments saying how it is very defininetly going to happen and the whole GME stock increasing 400% and getting a lot of famous investors on board and being able to pay off all their debts just happened by accident or something. But hey good luck holding those puts, you are gonna need it.
CCL more like LOL
virus
😂😂😂
It’s been green for like 12 straight days, it won’t take any news for it to have a red day
People who aren’t buying houses and paying off their students loans are idiots. Income driven repayment and buy a house you can afford. 

I did this in a city where cost of living is double the national average. Flipped it in three years after fix ups for 100k profit. I never made insane money and I had 30k in student debt. My first house was 165k. I put three percent down, and financed a ten k loan to renovate myself with skills I picked up from helping people out on projects and habitat for humanity. 

I always saved five to ten percent of what I made and have a nice portfolio now, and at 33 have more, make more, and save more than most of my peers. It took my eight years to graduate college, because I had a full time job the whole time no matter how shitty it was. In fact I had a paper route when I was eleven and continued working since. I’m also a type one diabetic with retarded medical expenses without the aid f insurance, so that’s also coming off the top as well. 

The fact that millennials are in situations they are is terrible but the world isn’t devoid of opportunity. In fifteen years I went from a line cook to a a private wealth manager. I got zero handouts, my parents were teachers, and I spent a majority of my 20’s working to get better jobs at every chance I could. 

There’s plenty of ways to make money and live a good life. America is still a great place to put your children in a far better position you were in when you were born than most other places on the planet.
Sounds more like a reverse split kind of situation to me
??? Isn't it about the same size atm lol. Maybe in 30 years the east will become much bigger.
I like now Vale doubles both as steel hype and also with a secret card up their sleeve (Tesla battery hype). One word of news of a Tesla deal and that sht is making me hit 6 figures for the first time.
How I wish
I'm not misleading anyone, I bought GME before it was hyped on here. What other people do their money shouldn't upset you.
MT gang checking in 🚀🚀🚀
There is likely going to be a momentum stampede in the dry bulk shipping arena again. I can’t mention the tickers but trust me and do your DD, check out the 2016-2017 gains of thousands of percent. I’m in for quite a bit and hopefully I’ll see you boys on the moon 🚀🚀🚀
In all honestly that would be a solid portfolio. But here at WSB we buy calls. Although most have both stonks and calls in their portfolio including myself
Suspicious of other nations? China has been actively commiting economic espionage and IP theft for the better part of three decades. 

There's a reason all their top, "innovative" companies are clones of US companies. They steal our IP and reproduce it for cheaper via an artificially deflated currency and taking advantage of their lack of R&D costs. 

Then they stop allowing American companies to compete in the country and when we reciprocate in kind with real security concerns they call foul play and cry for a free market. 

They're massively hypocritical and overall conniving little cunts. This isn't even touching on their strategy of indebting the third world to gain geopolitical allegiance/military influence (One Belt, One Road), or their horrific human rights violations against both their own people (Uighurs) and those in Hong Kong. 

And did I meantion the surveillance state/social score/AI facial recognition/tracking/fear their people live under? 

China is only riding high on manufacturing dollars from the last few decades. Now you see them desperately attempting to copy (through IP theft) Western companies and technology and create a sustainable domestic economy founded in criminal activity and inequitable trade.

This post is an attempt to promote one such of these copycat companies. It is a nationalistic pump and one that serves an evil regime and oppressive party. 

You call me brainwashed because I support democracy and the Western way of life. I call you a cunt because you clearly are one and don't appreciate what you have and understand the threat the CCP poses to those systems and the values behind them.
I did a thing so everyone else should be able to do that thing too.
Why is that ok?
[deleted]
That’s it, I have to go all in.  Thank you fellow Chinese autist.  Life savings 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It's called pump and dump
[removed]
youtube ITK with cathie wood, video came out like 2 days ago. Watch the last 3 minutes
You missed the part about robots and automation.  This wont get better.

For sure deflation has to occur which the fed doesn’t want to happen.  But soon it wont matter what they want because they cant own everything and rates no longer matter.
Nice, didn’t know about the community aspect

But what was Tesla’s reason for abandoning the swappable battery tech? And how did NIO overcome / plan to overcome it?
I'm sure the 200 day MA is going to be the target watched. Most likely "cause" would be Fed raising rates unexpectedly.
[deleted]
You are fucking Cathy
I think resigning is the only way we melt up.
Her nipples are massive salami nipples
what if daddy elon announces another split?
You would have to set a sell limit order to protect downside. But if price gaps below, you will not get filled...
None of this ever matters though?
Lol
Any HYLN (Hyliion) bag holders?! Or shorts??

Would love to hear what you’re thinking at the moment
My number is $40 because it's double my average cost per oz.  185 oz over here.
PLTR lol.

Snowflake's biggest play right now is data mobility, and some security plays (doomed to fail IMO), not pure EDW/EDM. The fact they can run on major CSPs and have cheaper storage and more efficient compression to power the mobility than Amazon S3 and Azure Blob says a lot.

Once the CSPs start getting in on efficient compression and removing data transfer caveats (AWS is getting close with DataSync, Strong Consistency on S3) then that play goes out the window. AWS already fed them their lunch with Redshift and boomer fucktards on prem like to keep their Neteeza and Teradata for some reason. So I see Snowflake taking a shit within 2 years, maybe 4 as some of their longer term agreements expire.

And dont get me started on their stupid ass "security data lake" idea. The clear leader in the SIEM/SDL arms race is Microsoft with AWS entering into a shadowy partnership with Splunk on the same idea. The technology is already there with Sqrl being brought in house as Amazon Detective. Both of Sqrls cofounders are in AWS Security product leadership positions too.
I'm Chinese and I'm curious about the difference between Chinese and western media.
Thanks for the great post.
Exactly. Assuming you mean out of Tesla and into NIO
[removed]
i got out at close 😬
You stroking out?
I’m gonna load myself to the tits with tsla puts once it gets close to 1000
Plug is my bubble indicator -> plug was 1400$ back in 99/20. still room to grow
Yeh but there's better plays in sp ac world
Why would that be retarded?
Put loss is limited whereas in worst case scenario puts is not.
I'd go shares or long dated calls. Who knows when the official announcement will be.
How is your spin better?  Take away your straw man of “organs harvested”.  How is your explanation better than what everyone has heard? I’m in Thailand and they are saying the same thing in thai news.  So it’s not just western media
I woke up this morning and so far I’ve seen this terrible GM logo followed by Lebron making weird awkward sex noises while filming the new hummer in his insta story. And this is Elon’s biggest competitor in USA? TSLA 1500 EOY
This is probably the least retarded thing I've ever read on WSB
[removed]
Reminder: For those who don’t know. When you buy shares of NIO, you’re not buying a piece of the actual company. Rather you’re buying into a shell company in the Caribbean. The CCP, if it chooses, can give you didlly squat on your investment if it chooses to. Not saying it’ll happen, just saying buyer beware. 

Check out “The China Hustle” documentary to see how far corruption goes within some Chinese companies. Do your own DD first.
Hold
Yeah when the share price of Twitter goes below whatever strike price you bought the put option then you sell it to make the profit. If for any reason Twitter stock goes up then the put option will be worthless. The opposite with call options
twitter is a monopoly
definitely one of us :D
這就是吐槽而已！這也沒什麼惡意、攻擊性的呢
*Shakira Shakira*
go to hell
Seems like 🪙 finally hit a resistance point
[deleted]
I am fucking Steve Wozniak. Beat that!
Is this propaganda targeting Tesla’s share price? I can’t believe after Jack Ma they are going after Elon. Brutal.
You dont need Chewy to buy pet supplies either, you could buy them on Amazon too. Generally speaking specialization will happen over time in any market since a specialized company can provide better service for the particular industry they are trying to serve.
I did a deep dive on Manchin as I explored a blue GA senate sweep in December...which I considered an edge case atm.

He is a semi-crat. I actually came away very impressed with the man as a politician. 

In some ways the senate outcome is both validation of his ability to navigate fraught and changing political paths, as well as a king making event. 

I’m more comfortable with him as a one man check on unbridled democratic policy than I am with the entire senate Republican body as that check. DC won’t become a state. The Supreme Court won’t get expanded...but other things will get done, within reason. Some I may like, some maybe not...but the people have spoken and change is necessary.
I think offering is more likely than a split hahaha
Feb if you ain't a bitch.
https://apnews.com/article/coronavirus-vaccine-health-workers-676e03a99badfd5ce3a6cfafe383f6af?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=news_tab&utm_content=algorithm

Lol they're resorting to free breakfast at waffle house.
Why the fk didn’t you post this when Nio pulled back to $40. I would have sold my left nut to fund my leap calls.
i though RIOT hit ATH wednesday. Pretty sure the next is for the 20th if you wanna gets calls ready
So in other words, it's perfect for beginners and noobs with no trading experience?

Ima go all in!
TIL I love Chinese retards. But I always knew it. NIO 🚀 🚀 🚀
Idk man, monday is going to pump so hard. Wait to yolo on tuesday and wednesday and try to cstch a pullback
The old adage will never go out of style: "Paying taxes is a good problem to have."
Yeah me too lol. Native English speakers make mistakes all the time with tenses and shit and you made basically none.
[deleted]
probably none, considering both the fact that we are a bunch of autists and retards and the fact that SEC just made going public through direct listing super fucking easy
67% of accounts are short on the weekend dow

up from 62% last night

getting very concerned for bul

futes looking bad
[deleted]
I had about 100 VALE 1/15 15c's at about 0.05 each from sept, sold when they hit 0.30 in Nov/Dec. As of Friday they're worth about 4.00
[deleted]
How do you say TO THE MOON in mandalorian?
No. Massive waste of time.
I’d def tap Cardi B 15-20 times per week.
that’s anyone’s guess. I’m mostly sticking with QCLN and ICLN
True. It is 13 batteries to support the larger system, but Nio still earns more per battery this way than the ones they sell direct. 

Most EVs come with an 8 year / 150,000 mile battery warranty. 

Through the subscription model they pay for themselves after 5 years.

So if Nio only keep them in the system for a normal warranty period of 8 years/150,000 miles before recycling a battery, that's 3 years of subscription profit per owner or an extra $5.4k per car sold. 

Battery sold with car = $8k

Battery leased over 8 years = $13.4k

Nvidia chips are designed for autonomy. They've been working on AI and imagery computing for years specifically for autonomous driving for years. Industry is heavily invested in them. [https://www.nvidia.com/en-gb/self-driving-cars/](https://www.nvidia.com/en-gb/self-driving-cars/)

MP are relevant. It's more data to process, but it's more data to make accurate analysis from. Not sure why you say they're irrelevant? 

I agree I would of liked more real world demo of the software though. It felt like they were holding stuff back there, which tells me it's not ready to show.
Nio to the Mars baby!!!! I ain’t selling ever! Enjoy this ride while it last. Once in a life time stock.
931 am on wednesday
nah, this means my apple call will print. stock gonna go boom boom 📈
They try to sell you some shakes or vitamins too?
Why do you think there is a bubble?
[removed]
$28  straight as in .28 in terms of option premium
Sounds like you made 3000
[deleted]
Man if he is currently in China its dangerous for him not to shill imo
Margot Robbie. Or, if possible, a young Sharon Stone
Fuck everyone always looks forward to the weekends but now I hate them because I can't make any money during them
Thank you!
how much do you think a WSB SPAC could raise?
Remind me 24 hours!
Autists rule the world!
Well I know which one I'd rather sit and have a drink with.  And it's not the one who was holding up a severed elephant tale as some sort of prize.  Funny the mascot of the republican party is an elephant.  Seems prophetic now.

https://i.pinimg.com/originals/69/37/e3/6937e30c8742369c2d9c38ffee8ba519.jpg
“Early investor in Tesla”
[deleted]
I've logged hundreds of hours in Civilization VI and have a domination and cultural victory playing as China under my belt. I think I can navigate China's markets.
Imagine thinking fundamentals mattered in here 😂
[deleted]
ICLN leaps
Shakira outshines tho
Translation: Class ending soon, see you Monday
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Zealousideal_Dot_638 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Son?....is it you?
This week’s biggest PLAYS!! I’m stoked 🔥🔥

$RIOT - sell by thurs/Friday 🚀🚀
$MARA - same as RIOT 🚀🚀
$PSTH - news Monday, gonna pump 🚀🚀🚀
$CLNE - like ICLN but on steroids  🚀🚀🚀🚀
$NIO - Chinese TSLA! 🚀🚀

ENJOY THE TENDIES!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Show the data. You really think that little spike to 22$ was a Squeeze? You know the latest numbers showing a Squeeze playing out over days?
Is it gonna be worth it picking up at open on monday?
Math checks out.
Thanks, i will look at it.
Went with UVXY calls and INTC puts lol. INTC puts seemed the safest.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not sure but it definitely makes us rich.
My March aapl calls like this
Let’s see it
[removed]
yeah he sounds like one of those fucking dumb nerds too.  Dude needs a swirly
shut ya fucken mouf
Usually a social media app 100% dependent on a network effect that will never happen and they have zero plan to achieve
Instructions not clear: picking up MOAR GME.
No, because you asserted that CCP stealing information is propaganda and that means that you're shilling for China. If someone acts like the CCP isn't stealing your information they're probably a communist spy.
Literally.
A pittance? Lol, ok buddy.
I wasn’t referring to you my man. Good luck making tendies :)
Jennifer lopez. She got a phattie
I don't think it takes 'bad news' to see a correction on something that is going up nearly vertical
Of course I am! Do you see my username? Push some more meme shit in there and then you can call it a strat worthy of wsb
She said it herself. It's really not important since it's just speculation anyway.
We buying calls on NIO and retiring?
Gold to the moon? Check Llin Wood s post on parler
I'll buy calls. Got it.
whats diamond hand them mean?
https://youtu.be/8xIDhM366YM

you can only lose 100% but gain infinite %

the lesson? never sell
I love you lol
Crazy rich.

Strikes OTM by 50% higher than current share price with premium at 16%...

Someone has bags to sell.
Tesla is being priced on potential. They haven't actually achieved anything which warrants their current price. 

Amazon's price looked crazy in 1999 because they were an online bookstore. They eventually pivoted and became the everything store. But knowing that in 1999 would have taken some incredible foresight.

Even then, Amazon  never traded at the insane price or multiples tesla is trading at today. People are basically saying tesla has become the AV/energy/EV monopoly already.  They are assigning a valuation that assumes they will surely become those things, when any realist would see that having a monopoly in any of those sectors is highly unlikely.
Interesting how so many previously brilliant inverstors like Michael Burry, Ryan Cohen etc are interested in buying up tHe NeXt BlOcKbUsTeR.
Yes
Still trying to keep that alive?
[deleted]
Too OTM
filled 19 at .28 at 931 am wednesday
Jesus, do you not like money?
Bro.. have you ever been on WSB? People call each other autists and retards out of love
Yeah I just learned to read.... lol
There's no catalyst on the horizon for TTD. I'm pretty  sure OP is just a technical play.
Got flagged as pump and dump.
This DD is as amazing as your English, fuck the racists!
They're about to be profitable this year due to massive corona-related growth (some crazy number like ~70% more users) on >$1B in revenue. Even if there's some price fluctuation, it's hard to see a case where this goes back to $10 and a lot easier to see a case where it goes to $30-50-100 over time. For that reason, I'm all in.
This is a dumb post. -.05%? Fuck off lol
> their brains are conditioned to think that nothing good can be from China

dude 90% of stuff I have home was made in China. Silly statement haha.
It doesn't take a genius to guess that. The true genius would also estimate both the magnitude and the the timing of the correction
Proof or ban nerd

###bullshit alert
[deleted]
Don Jr
Hi Frank!
Maybe u right
The amount of newbies yoloing their entire accounts and talking about quitting their jobs to trade full time is extremely concerning... this sub should have a warning label. People get lured in by the massive gain porn posts that make it to r/all and get lucky on the first few trades, and then somehow think these types of gains are sustainable for the next 30 years...

A lot of people are about to learn some expensive lessons
Does repeatedly blindly buying TSLA and getting rich make you a stock market financial genius
She doesn’t know yet
It's not all the smart money that is bearish. There are hedge funds going long as well, notably Michael Burry from the big short.
Damn these cars actually look pretty sweet, comparable to the high-end cars we have all over the place in FL, CA, NY, etc

NIO to PLUTO
I guess we hate money then
Looks like a Chinese commercial to me
Lol everyone who invests in EVs doesn’t even go on the r/electricvehicles sub. People there are hyped for VW EVs, Ford and GM electric trucks, etc. the old automakers have such a high brand value in people’s minds they will not be destroyed by new makers. People will just want an EV of whatever brand they like already.
Ah thanks
[deleted]
[deleted]
Having their dumb faces plastered on the internet and losing their jobs over it? Yes.  Because they probably didn't think that far ahead.
Okay jokes aside that battery swap system is actually fucking awesome. Legit like OP said, you can rent battery for long range trips.
Betty White
Dumped on no news. I think ppl just taking profits because it ran too far. It's P/E is like 260 lmfao.
I think there are a lot of paperhands holding that asset we're not allowed to talk about. I expect a massive correction, yes.
is she australian?
Cathie Wood
I love how literally none of them are really stocks.
Do you usually get out or fulfill
Really interesting, I really liked the Nio Houses.  I was unaware of battery swap as well.  When solid state comes around its an interesting thought to simply upgrade an old car.
My 401k employer “chose not to” follow the cares act. Supposedly it’s optional. I can’t withdraw anything from my employer account.
Great summary thanks brah
How retarded would a January 2023 Nio Leap be?
it's doozie
I own 100% of Amazon
I’d there a reason it would go down?? Biden stimmy news focused on EV seems like a sure win
In Nevuary
[removed]
In Ackerman we TRUST
Thought he was in prison :p
no tsla, no amd? what sort of trash strat is this?
If TSLA is green on Monday, should I sell my FD calls or hold until Friday?
But it can be better.
I think its easier for cheaper cars to get into developing markets (india, brazil, china) than for tsla to get in.
Unless elon surprises us and makes a real cheap tsla
Great post man. Hope to see some of it myself at the end of this year, will be studying in Shanghai for 4 months!
And yet all he do is give shit to peoples and hang with his childhood friends while making a few millions a month. Most of us would do the same in a similar situation. You got peoples like tony robbins probably worth close to a billion who are still ripping off peoples by selling them classes worth all their net worth meanwhile this guy use his popularity to give shit to people and hang with his friends.
At EOW I bought $30K worth of $420 June exp. TSLA puts. Come at me retards 💪
Can you explain why there is such a demand or shortage for steel and why people are so bullish on it.
Curious as to why though?
[deleted]
Thank you so much for posting this.
If you don’t think the ex richest man in the world isn’t competitive, you hate money. Amzn has finally awakened.
OP loves his government he said
if your not already in i wouldnt, its already going parabolic, maybe some news an upgrade will send it up further but any hint of fear this will go down with a correctjon
Source
Do you even know in what kind of a delusionary bubble you live?
A lot of games come with boxed versions that are collectable with extra goodies in them.

This is a VERY hot area in gaming.

GME 🛸🛸🛸
What about SRPT-   50% drop in one day for a company that has been in business for 40 years and is so big, a $6 B MC, is very rare and I read somewhere  ARK are loading heavy on this one

02/19 100c
[deleted]
hmm i tried to report it too, but after two attempts i gave up, since after the text part, i have to select the additional check boxes, and after clicking on them, i get thrown back to previous page where i have to "click agree to submit a tip"
My point is the premiums are in fact not awesome, nothing more.
Actually if you live in the district the Sunday delivery is cheaper than a digital only subscription.
Oh Ive fucked myself before lol
[deleted]
You clearly know a lot about cars and will notice every one that passes you by. I know fuck all about cars, and will only notice a brand if it smashes me in the face a million times a day. Tesla does this. I do notice a lot of low end Chinese brand EVs, but like I said, never once a Nio. No doubt I've passed some, just not enough to take note.
Because you have zero black people in your government
No he made that up
yes
Please clap
He says in the title, 45. Bless you my son.
For the first time I’m actually slightly nervous about my TSLA calls
Jan 2022 $45 strike
I mean i think $30 is completely achievable, $100 is as well, $420 is a stretch goal
IT HURTS
when is THC🐝 announcing the DA and taking the bee hive to promised land with honey gains drippin‘? 😕
Nope, GME is a pyramid scheme and the next blockbuster. There's retarded things to invest in and then there's this, a whole nother level of retarded.
Institutional investors predominately own twtr stock, it might dip a little but come q4 earning day on Feb 4th the stock is going to 🚀
[deleted]
i believe she said there would be “a doosy of a correction”
It’s just a long term call option, usually at least year out. Most traders buy them deep ITM.
Everyone already knew that
If your 🇨🇳 how come your not speaking 🇨🇳 and speaking English?
So many potentials, nothing specific YET
Nice analysis. My only question is won't the MMs reverse their delta hedging at week-end when the 51k put options expire? Thus leading to a massive buying spree that would far outweigh the selling pressure?
The anticipation waiting to see what Tesla does tomorrow is like the build up to a title fight.

Hopefully Tyson vs Buster Douglas
Crapple
[removed]
While I can’t 100 percent confirm (since everything is possible right) I did read that whole plane renting post in the Nio app and it seems legit. What I can confirm you is Nio owners do love the Nio community
Can't believe you have a paper copy of the Washington Post. Surely online subscription is cheaper?
This

Obesity is sky rocketing there
I honestly might buy the 93 fd on Monday
Ive been stoked on Greta since she punked out 🥭 like a lil bish
Squeeze happened, you missed the boat. You bought in so they could buy out out.
Nah more volatility followed by green dildos afterwards
Saoirse Ronan
Cries in California
Head: nearly 8 kilos 
Under bed: a gold colored fruit snack wrapper, unused expired condoms, ants 🐜
Elon
robinhood, filled at 931 am wednesday
[deleted]
I’ve lost like 2k in 20 mins so feels just like options 🤣
We all have these stories
I’m European and it is laughable how Americans are so suspicious of other nations such as China, while Americans are literally brainwashed with propaganda. In no other western country you have to pledge allegiance to a fucking flag.
I’m scared from that AH sell off. Could be profit taking. Could just be low volume. But I hope 900^100000000 🙏🙏🙏
Your precious Cathie Wood said there's probably going to be a massive correction sometime this year and you should raise cash. Enjoy.
Markets closed, we can't get in
Reported you to CCP

Enjoy jail
I think it’s a type of goat farm
Edit: He works for nio.
*" The gaming market has increased 2.5 times in size since 2007 and keeps growing each year. Gamestop is also shifting its business from just selling games to selling very high margin items like collectibles, PC parts and gaming equipment and signing deals for online sales with Microsoft. Additionally, e-commerce companies, especially ones in large and growing industries, are generally valued a lot higher than brick and mortar shops. That means that reaching the same size as old Gamestop did might entail a greater stock price. "*  


Or i could continue buying all the stuff u listed above from Amazon? What is it with u guys holding on to GME? No one needed it in 2007 and no one needs it in 2021...  


GL TO EVERYONE HOLDING THO...
I'm a millennial and I made 109k last year. Sounds like these other people you speak of need to tug on their bootstraps harder.
[deleted]
Honestly? I expect it to skyrocket, plummet, and then slowly climb up in the first hour alone. 1000 EOW. We just gotta reach that before Elon announces a stock split.
[deleted]
Username checks out.
Binance
its the jan monthly expiry and lots of people trying to get out, .05-.15 up to close, aslo its tesla...
I don't know how to do that
You guys think if Big T gets impeached will melt up faster to 400?
Agreed. I'm just joking because you have puts and calls it'll stay flat just to make sure you somehow lose both bets.
Congrats!  11 bags and counting. 💪🏻
well, every two weeks there is a guy yolo‘ing $300k into a single stock and writes a DD post + screenshot of his position in RH and everyone just follows 🚀🪐💫
85% of WSBs can't PDT
Dood the camera is so good for tik tok dood
Picked up some more Friday morning, so glad I did now
ATOM should bounce back quick from Friday's dip
#🍉
Korean news reports Sunday that Apple and Hyundai plan on signing an agreement in march to build autonomous Apple cars by 2024, with a beta out next year.  Also reports they may build a new joint production plant in the US.

https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-hyundai-motor-apple/apple-hyundai-to-agree-on-electric-car-tie-up-early-this-year-korea-it-news-idUSKBN29F0C1
DD = pumping, gtfo hoe
I’d say a green day. The whales didnt sell Friday, why would they sell now?
Singapore has trace together. So your point? I was almost exposed to COVID-19 patient. I scan a QR code every time I enter a building? Maybe that's why you guys have millions of covid-19 cases
Book:Amazon::Car:Tesla

The book/car is just the first product/service offered. Tesla's "AWS" moment will be robotaxis, or maybe something else entirely, who knows.

Tesla is a goddamn innovation powerhouse. Musk innovates so freaking much he needed four different companies just to contain the breadth of innovation. 

As for what the stonk does in the near term, UR guess is as good as mine.
That's when I put $1k in Apple when I was a senior in college. Pretty nice return. I didn't have a whole lot of money in law school some years later, so i sold a few shares to go on a bachelor party. I joke with my buddy to this day that it was the most expensive bachelor party ever.
Do you think arkk will be up tomorrow?
🍉
Meaning still 1000%+ more gains on the contracts if it hits $45 eow... not $300 by Jan 15. Its actually quite a bit more if it does indeed hit 45.
lol
[deleted]
520 oz of bullion in a safe downtown and I'm not  selling til I see $50. And then I'm selling slow, incrementally over a period of 15 months. That's my plan anyway.
Just open it already I'm jizzing dust balls out here
Take the Bears spread or the bears ml if you’re a real autist
[removed]
This is the Roaring Twenties

We’re mooning until we crash until we moon
In Papa Elon we trust 920 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yea I wish I had more.
Lmao I first watched this without sound. Wtf is this guys problem
Nio 60c for March or may?
🤷‍♂️ their brains are conditioned to think that nothing good can be from China and if you say otherwise you are spreading commie propaganda lol
Exactly

The Chinese government is made up of and ran by.... Chinese people lol
wtf does hun hao mean lol
If you’ve been following this stock for 6 months you’d know that it’s had bad timing with its catalyst. It ended strong Friday. I think we finallllyyyy see it break out through earnings this time. If I’m wrong I’ll be very disappointed like I have been the past few months. And I’ll cry and sell
Can you confirm that the Shenzhen plane watch party was funded by fans rather than a company funded publicity stunt? I'm old enough to remember the Justin Bieber chased by girls video that made him famous. It was revealed years later to be completely fake but that single video instantly drove him to huge fame.
Good to have you back my dude, weren’t enough emojis in the daily for a while.

Everyone needs to learn visionarymind 101 at some point. No time like the present.
[deleted]
GL with gun stock IV
Sold 5 TSLA 1/15 840c for 6.55 on Thursday for $3,000ish. Worth over $60,000 now. FUCK
Plenty other manufacturers with established supply chains and existing manufacturing capacity to build a lot more EVs.  But I’ve been saying TSLA is overvalued for years.  What do I know?
[deleted]
What platform?
Samefag
What news?
Bezos is talking to us!
Is this a 4d anti Jack Dorsey play or something?
GOEV EOM?
Interesting how Michael Burry, Ryan Cohen and other previously brilliant investors all show such a large interest in buying a stock thats going to loose over 95% of its value and become a penny stock within a year. Go buy puts and put your money where your mouth is and we will see who has made profit in a year from now ;)
Oh hey your penny stock is even traded in europoor land, give me a ZILLION shares!
LMFAO, Christ.
Great thanks a lot, now we'll be flat for the next week.
BABA did lol. That thing has been a punching bag for news all month long
oh i was just saying like in general the vaccination rates need to go up

i am quite bullish on energy and pretty much always will be but am interested to see what the new administration's plans look like on that front
grocery store
How am I just now discovering $YOLO? 

YOLO $YOLO 🤯
thats fucked up if anyone said anything negative. Great Post. Thanks for taking your time to do it. Have a great day!!!!!
Engine not included
It what does them being international have to do with the lack of innovation, and sitting on piles of money?

They dont have to innovate everywhere all at once, they can take that infinite money and spend it at home on innovative pursuits, they do none of that.

And yes, I am a much bigger fan of Thiel than Schmidt. Thiel has nurtured and built companies from the group up. Schmidt was brought in as a ceo to an already successful company and that's it. If you replace him with another CEO, Google would have been just as, or more successful.

There is nothing Schmidt has done that's one of a kind, he can be replaced with any other CEO and things will be fine. And he has been replaced, and things are indeed more than fine.

If you were to replace a true maverick like Musk, his companies would tank instantly because of how important he is to their success. Schmidt was replaced and nothing happened.

Schmidt is like Steve Ballmer, just lucky he was brought in at the right time.
options mang
What does Canoo do that makes them important in this deal between Apple and Hyundai? How do you know they will be definitely involved 4 years from now?
MP is an insanely good long term hold, and yes but in a different way. They own the only rare earth mine in north America. The USA relies on China heavily for rare earth, something they want to change badly. 

I dont own MP, but I see them hitting $100 in the next  year or 2
no its NIO gang over here retard
Its not too bad compared to others streamers aimrd at kids at least he doesn't hunt for hanged corpse in japan forests.
Sec, ya this guy right here.
And her boyfriend
In case this is not a joke : Jeff bezos doesn't give a shit about money. He never did. All he (and the SuckHerBerg and Bill Gay) wants is power. That's the new game for them.
You’re into diaper play?
I deleted my Twitter, 1 down
Do you even know what Tesla does aside from cars?
I need mid 240 Monday or I'm fucked
Even on a red day these went up 12% btw
Ar-go fuck yourself has been making me cum all last week, dunno if my balls can handle another one
with $2M you could make $12k in monthly divvies even on a risk-protected ETF like $NUSI.
My sq puts are going to print. Drill baby drill!
I read (true or larp) there were a lot of conservative software engineers putting their resumes in to gab and getting ready to leave Twitter as a group.
Squeeze has not happened yet. So yes, not selling.
No racism, but should also include no derogatory words used to describe mentally handicapped people such as retard
How the hell did he get all his money
This clearly bothers you if you insist on piping up in so many GME 🚀 threads. 

How WSB retards choose to gamble shouldn't upset you this much.

Did you miss the boat or something? 😂
You think stonk is going up = buy call options

Stonk is about to tank/pullback = buy put options
Let me text William Li to check real quick
Olivia Wilde
People acting like these legendary brands are just gonna disappear overnight. A car is a status symbol.  People don't want to all be driving the  same thing, similar to how they all don't want to buy the same purse or peacoat. 

Mercedes, BMW, Porsche, Audi and the rest will put out beautiful products as they always do, and consumers will continue to buy many different models.
The boomer gen ended before my parents were born 😂. You must be like 15 er’ something to think Megan Fox in here 30s is for boomers. I learned of her from Transformers.
OK! I found the damn thing! I conflated two of them actually, but they both appear here: https://wallstreetbets.community/. The Pee Martini work is "Integrity"... the Andy Warhol-like one I use for my wallpaper is not what I said... it is "The Spectrum". I... I dunno why I combined them mentally.
GME 🚀🚀🚀🛸🛸🛸
100% correct. Tens of thousands of containers are just sitting on piers all over the world. Waiting to be put on a ship. There is a world wide container shortage because of it.  Mills are making product and it is just sitting because they have nothing to put it in and ship it. Rates have tripled from same time last year and then you have big boys like HD and WMT paying extra to get to the front of the line. It’s a big problem.
This
I'm in Ontario, Canada and California is the only place that's similar. Electricity rediculously overpriced.
Swear i didnt read this before i posted my reply...or maybe im the old person?
[deleted]
Who the fuck is downvoting you and upvoting the bat eater

Puts on Reddit
Yep, this post is long enough. Didn’t read any of it but the length is good enough. I’m in🚀🚀🚀
This post makes me Randy, baby.
Leaps for 2022? I’m confused because he originally said June calls were good.
I listen to the farm report because that’s what’s on before work.  All crops are up
I really hope tomorrow isn’t a rug pull
Alright be honest, how much did NIO pay you to write up this post lol
EV is still up and coming and so few people actually have electric cars. This planet is fucked and people will continue to gravitate towards EVs. Despite the harmful effects of mining lithium and the fact that their car will be powered by coal.
Mid $240 by eow
You post this shit AFTER it announced a partnership with NVDA. You know exactly what you're doing
Cha-ching! You've earned your early interest payment!
May the Wings of Liberty never lose a feather
But drumpf l!!!!!!!!!
With the upside the actual and real danger is Winnis warmongering... and it will only get more intense
What's the source? Haven't seen anything official, just rumors. If there's no news people better sell for profit in the AM cause it's going to dip.
[deleted]
The proposal is for capital gains over $1 million to be taxed as ordinary income, so I think you'll be safe.
Jesus, how did u even come across FCEL that early
[removed]
wow this is helpful
You bought shares and didn't cash out when the squeeze happened? Oof bro
[removed]
I see your posts then smile and nod like some old deaf person
Tons of awards and up-votes?  Someone just earned his salary for the year!
The actual day when TSLA goes down is when the biggest funds who bought TSLA held for an entire year so that they wouldn't have to pay as much tax begin to sell. Then you have dip buyers fomo supporting the rest of the funds to completely exit their positions. I expect March or later.
They coming for you!
If you think GME isnt aiming to disrupt the industry you havent done any research. If GME was trying to stick to being what it is today noone would want to invest in it. That, fortunately, is not what is happening here.
Agreed
$1069
lol Reddit is full of stupid white trash. Dude tries to help = gets a bunch of racist comments.
Got way more quality DD from this post than I expected.
Buy the FOMO
Is this confirmed? Is papa Spacman finally gonna take me to the promised land
Thats true.  Well see over the next year or two.  Biden has some high ranking members from Blackrock high up in his admin. Heavily invested in Nio.  Never know what will happen as he pushes EV and clean energy rapidly....
[removed]
Honestly I am in my early 30s and never even saw one video of this guy on my youtube before I searched for him. Same thing with most of the streamers aimed at a younger audience. I had no idea who pewdiepie was when one ot my cousin tried to talk to me about his free speech bullshit problems and I am often on youtube.
And if you had bought April calls instead of December they'd have been worth more.
Friend who drives Tesla did a test drive with a Polestar 2 and now wants one instead of a Tesla. Geely will moon for sure.
٩◔̯◔۶
Exactly lmao 
This is like saying there's no racism among white people
He has no idea what he's talking about.. 
為什麼總有一堆中國人移民到外國後還活在自己的bubble
1150 @ $15.00, I am not fucking scared.
You guys better watch out. I'm finally joining in on the Tesla train watch it go down next week 🙃🚀🚀🚀
true. Biggest gains i have on shares are QCLN that i’ve been buying weekly
Why? She was awesome
Each swap station takes the space of about 3 parking spots. So you’re talking 3.33 swap stations for 10 charging stations.
Is your delta also always less than a naked call, with the same long contract?
Gonna rip so fucking hard
Short it then pussy
Thanks for the seriously quality post dude. I’m balls deep in NIO calls and I’m converting to shares on Monday at open and riding this rocket with you all the way
Musk and "charisma"? Lmao hes an absolute nerd and speaks like a fucking robot
Inverse this retard...
[removed]
Nice looking cars but seems too late to the party. Stock will pump up well, so I'm going in for the run up. No charging infrastructure, battery supply, software team to compete against Tesla. And the Porsche Taycan is also out for those who want a driver's focused EV and a Tesla alternative. Lucid feels more Nikola to me, remind me in the future and laugh at me if I'm wrong.
Boomer
You had me at anal
both
Lol ikr 20% drop sets us back a week and then people buy “the dip” for the next moon mission
Tesla either opens at 920 or 820 on Monday
Tesla will only drop when the short interest is 0%
Damn. Can’t thank you enough for the dd SD.
With all this hype building around ROKU anyone think 420 is feasible this week?
Fuck China
I was in Guangzhou just not long ago, I saw Guangqi, BYD, Nio, Tesla, Xpeng G3 and Li SUV everywhere, not sure what you are talking about man lol
Dude he’s a cyborg it’s fine
I wish baldness on you
How else can he maintain that Lex Luthor look?  When you won't even allow your employees piss breaks, your actively honing your supervillain persona.
People still bashing BABA 😂 who hurt y’all? BABA is making me $$$ still room to shoot up I say 250 EOW
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
He sold Chewy along with his other investors and the other cofounder. His Net worth is 600 million dollars, his position in GME currently is worth about 162 million dollars. Personally I think he is going to invest even more, he potentially already has when the price dipped the day before yesterday. I am pretty sure Gamestop is his major bet going into the future considering how active he is about the company and the fact RC Ventures only holds Gamestop stock and no other company.
*Nio to the fucking moon until it wrongs Xi - CCP. Then you lose everything in a matter of days
Solid DD. Im in
No. Tesla wouldn’t qualify because they aren’t politically moralizing to the world. Elon Musk actually seems to be one of the few CEOs left that doesn’t do that.
It's morgan freemans fault he needs to get off his ass and become a figurehead for the company.  People started associating african americans with musk and white richness already
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Short Big Tech

**URL:** https://redd.it/kufjta
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=kufjta) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Ok_Try_9746, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Dan_inKuwait
tomasbolt
I'm balls deep in weeklies pray for me
👌🏽💯📈🇨🇳♥️
Just watch the Mandalorian like a normal retard!
Leaps
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I have 5 spy $275p 1/11 as sacrifices for my $285 1/15cs to print
Was gonna shit on you, but looked at your post history and it's cool. Alright bet.
Sorry, still new to this, anyways I believe it or not I am not trying to pump anything. Seems like this post backfired, should I remove it?
also, keep an eye on SPAC lock up expirations ending.  there are several this week... every week for that matter.  these present opportunities to short or buy dips.

I will not call out any specific names... i would not be pleased if someone called out XL... been suffering enough with that one it doesn't need any help.

But i've been referencing this page, do with it what you will.

[https://www.marketbeat.com/ipos/lockup-expirations/](https://www.marketbeat.com/ipos/lockup-expirations/)

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🛸
lmao look at all the TSLA posts on the front page. 

This can only end one way.
PSTH gonna PRINT Monday when the news is announced 🚀🚀🚀
Target comes to mind, though isn’t apples to apples.
Is IV of the contract determined by the demand for that contract? So when options prices increase, that means IV is increasing, good for long options? 

But why is it that when a stock goes up, it's IV goes down, and when it crashes it goes up? I can't understand this GUH
What are you talking about
Hatefuck Margaret thatcher
Thcb microvast you will regret not buying this this month
Ahhh you right. Everything has been going crazy for awhile now. 

https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/T10YIE

Looks like the market is currently pricing in 2% inflation for the next ten years.
ICLN good
Why did we do that, seems like this guy has unlimited money and could really help the cause.
PSTH something is up...
Guangzhou city centre.
ICLN long term

Nio until the bubble breaks
They are releasing acquisition Monday
Well it’s more that real investors are gonna be much less incentivized to buy and hold long term so they might pull out
NIO $100 EOW
[removed]
well that would only be another case for NIO, since the biggest risk is political
It doesn’t take that long, I shave my head every couple days
No ban. It is bullish in here. Last I checked there was a 🐻 and a 🐂 on Wall Street
[removed]
Bezos has cucked me since 2 months, AMZN is such a shit stock
Why doesn't Amazon just hire Morgan Freeman to be the spokesman for the company to challenge Tesla and Musk.  He could narrate about the future of telepathic package delivery and send that valuation to Mars
i sold friday, the bubble is there. No one sees the bubble until it pops, might not pop this week or month, buts shes goin down.
Any news for PSTH to explain the 45 minute run up Friday?
Get out
The private business thought. Ok so why can’t small businesses all across the country open up if they want. They’re a private business
You’re buying stock with eggs?
Well NIO has a 0mi range in America so back to my original statement
Rotation into Tesla. You right
[removed]
Only gay if you push back
30 beginning of Feb

40 late March
Jeff bezos. Say he raped me. Get half of his fortune. Get all the bitches that you want.
And a tinfoil hat
I sold shares after making 300% profit at $12.50/share. Re bought a little at $14. Up another 300%. Holding this shit like folks holding tesla under $100 and weeping over those sold shares. 

🚀🇨🇳🚘
[deleted]
Not a fan personally
It’s a good life outside the big cities.
Your title had all the confirmation I was looking for. Yolo option trade coming up on Monday.
His kid(s) probably hate him. He has couple hundred MM. Why he gotta piss away the money like this 🤡
Hahahaha that's what the US has been spewing for years after 2008. What's new? The economy is just a comatose patient on stimmy IV drip.
Ah the great oyster rebellion. I remember it well.
Green energy is part of tech, arguably
r/investing

r/AmIGay
Does TSLA count as Big Tech?
Don't retard shame please, this is a safe space.
If you own TWTR stock, time to dump it.  Gonna plummet come Monday.
and what is this attitude? I'd like to make sure my enemies have it, and prey on them
I bought Feb otm calls
Let’s do a WSB venture fund
The sector will price in the rates before it actually gets there. If you wait for it, you're going to be late.
Well worst case instead of weeklies just get 2 weeks out
So true....but....buy Monday sell Friday, make 50% and buy your girl a car. Easiest blowjob you ever got.
there is no need to pump ICLN, its on steroids anyways
Either 850 or 950
Then she’ll have more money to spend on her other boyfriend! Win win if you ask me.
TOMORROWS MONDAYYY
Idek anymore
[deleted]
Naw man I say fuck you to this guy because he went to millionaire acre while I went to the poor farm
What the fuck is that cultured shit
Where do you live??? Go to Shanghai Beijing Shenzhen and tell me Nio are not everywhere.
Fuck it, NIO calls at open 🚀
[deleted]
Yeah, i have a few wealthy clients that buy houses in cash. Maybe if I get to 10 million plus I would do it to take some money off the table. For now the income I make from stocks is too helpful for me to cash out 6 figures though.
My wife is single and ready to mingle
I saw a picture of a cute girl, that's good enough for me. Time to buy some shares.
😂
That's cause the play is renewable energy, which will **when ready** get transition into energy ETFs like XLK which will be a game changer for institutional investors/fund managers. If you're bullish on EV, Then an EV specific investment would be better
Remember Luckin and BABA? Same country.
This would be genius and give Nio a competitive advantage. I don’t think it is being done today, however.
🤑🤑👍👍
What do you think about Polestar?
Shares nibba
Predictions for TSLA at open Monday ?
I had 300,000 worth of google shares on the first day it started trading, got out at 10,000 loss
Megan Fox
I'm betting on the Columbians and 97% off imports. CLVR 10C Aug20 and shares
[deleted]
[deleted]
this man is giving us signs, he is a wsb prophet
Ok...and that version is 400mi range and not until 2022 or 2023 actually.  The 500mi range performance versions you see commercials of are $160k (Dream ed), $130k (grand touring).
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html

We flying this week $GOEV 🚀🚀🚀🚀🌝
Elon
Hahahaha I LOLed
options for those on Der🐸.com for the true degenerate scum can really get ur fix on
NIO DAY [HUGE NEWS] | Everything you need to know - Summary and Highlights https://youtu.be/5AcWEKGfRPM
[deleted]
And Gilead will present at a JPM Conference tomorrow ... I now the stock was a garbage fire in 2020, but I somehow feel management might surprise the market
The things I'll do with my steel money: buy a house, buy a new car, launch my own business of building websites and throw the rest in more stonks. What are you going to do?
I live in China and have no interest in / know fuck all about cars.


What I do have is eyes. I see Teslas EVERYWHERE, and have never once seen a Nio anywhere. Make what you will of my anecdotal evidence.
What is all this fincanal jargon? Where the memes????
[deleted]
Smooth brain 🧠
These get ignored but are just as good.
Hey I made over 25% profit in one day on some bullshit distillery in portland.
Leaps
Is there a etf that just has all of these?
🛑 🐝❣️🧲♿️ 🅿️♾®️
because anything out of China can’t be good and Chinese citizens can’t love their country right?
Ugh I guess here I come buying 100 shares for this company targeting lonely people.
Arnie Palmer Alert...  Arnie Palmer Alert... Who wants an Arnold Palmer?
Hoping they take a break so I don't have to keep rolling my covered call
Bannnnnnnn
I just keep getting more and more ICLN... I want them green tendies.
I think cmc is premarket so you may miss the first part of the move but it got clapped Friday.  Might be able to still get a good 5% move if you get in early.
Nah, that’s 90’s crush. I’d hit that and I’m 30
What have you got your eye on?
It’s an injustice against drumpf so Reddit doesn’t care about it, rather they’ll rationalize it
[deleted]
Rotation into big tech this week? I think so
Got no gold but got the AK, body armor, and plenty of MREs
And on the seventh day God ended His work which He had done, and He rested on the seventh day from all His work which He had done. Then God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, because in it He went all in on TSLA.
That looks like the most amateur pumping of a stock I've ever seen. It's a new low even for wsb
None yet. Just doing my weekend stock picks. I’ll be taking up a position tomorrow if the market looks healthy
Next you will be saying short Tesla. Ban plz
TLDR. Where are them rockets?
No idea what you said
Rockets [✓]

GME       [✓]

Anal       [✓]


I'm in!
Gonna have to buy special charger for it, I'm sure.
Twitter maybe, FB and AMZN have been movin sideways for the past 3 months.
Hopefully William Li doesn’t take an extended vacation like Jack Ma.
NIO DAY [HUGE NEWS] | Everything you need to know - Summary and Highlights https://youtu.be/5AcWEKGfRPM
All your analysis says is (1) put / call ratio is high and (2) Rod’s incomplete analysis seems to indicate softness and (3) Tutes are short along with Melvin. THIS IS NOTHING NEW AND ROD IS NOT GOD HE MAY BE VERY WRONG. 

RYAN IS ALSO TEEING SOMETHING UP. We all know this.
☝️ Ⓜ️ℹ️🖇⛎🚹3️⃣
I know but maybe I can catch it lol.  I got 8 calls already not stressing but I got a little more cash now.
NIO DAY [HUGE NEWS] | Everything you need to know - Summary and Highlights https://youtu.be/5AcWEKGfRPM
My bad, still learning the autist way.
Congrats on your gains so far, let’s ride to the tendie town
Your trump overlord has no power over us
I'll put my money in kandi before I put it in solo
Because hes full of shit
❤️🍏
I'm thinking about getting one call I can afford
I remember playing an ER once when this was like $2 lol
Be gone foul bear!!!
Could you kindly elaborate or provide a link/example?
Here's the thing : a lot of fortunes has been made buying on a bubble and a lot of fortunes have been *lost* betting against it. Stay away from any EV stock. And if you have an S&p500 etf in your portfolio and you want to play it extra safe, check the percentage of the etf that's on tesla and short tesla to hedge against it. So, if it goes up, sure you don't make money but if it crashes you don't lose money either. (That's called delta hedging BTW).
Literally just saw an article that the interest rate might be going up sooner than later.
[deleted]
Your snoo avatar looks homeless.
NIO DAY [HUGE NEWS] | Everything you need to know - Summary and Highlights https://youtu.be/5AcWEKGfRPM
🆗, ©️🛴🔔💲💲 🔚ℹ️🆖

💲👀 🐑ewe🐑 🌝📆

🧑‍🏫
Hyundai+Apple= Canoo ($GOEV) to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Congrats on the gain
NIO DAY [HUGE NEWS] | Everything you need to know - Summary and Highlights https://youtu.be/5AcWEKGfRPM
Please let bangbus be involved.
Boomer
you missed TSLA
r/boltontits you’re welcome
This comment definitely makes it seem like a Chinese/nio shill
Biden's infrastructure spending plan:  
[https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2442969/statement-from-deputy-secretary-of-defense-david-l-norquist-on-the-department-o/](https://www.defense.gov/Newsroom/Releases/Release/Article/2442969/statement-from-deputy-secretary-of-defense-david-l-norquist-on-the-department-o/)  


Does anyone have information/personal knowledge on what steel consumption looks like when it comes to clean energy?  


[https://www.reuters.com/article/metals-biden-infrastructure/biden-infrastructure-plans-will-prop-up-base-metals-markets-idUSKBN28H1N9](https://www.reuters.com/article/metals-biden-infrastructure/biden-infrastructure-plans-will-prop-up-base-metals-markets-idUSKBN28H1N9)  
Article mentions an increase in demand for copper, but interested to see what that demand would look like for steel?
PLUG wont last.
Oke so tomorrow is the day let’s see!
Feel so free being all cash finally, now I can start bagholding something new for a change 🤡🤡🤡
Is this a pure technical play or is there any catalyst?
Both
Jessica Alba
NIO DAY [HUGE NEWS] | Everything you need to know - Summary and Highlights https://youtu.be/5AcWEKGfRPM
WHEN will tesla fall, or will they
I am up like 73 bucks on my calls for 18 Jun....definitely the 🚀  I was promised
Only those crappy cars can kill people or blow up or Have expensive repairs. Bubble
It’s kind of irrelevant if it does because NIO will be one of the best performing stocks over the next 4 years
You missed GME
Well... shit paid off big time man, congratulations to you. Hopefully I can get on the next rocket ship (not sure what it’ll be)
Why specifically them and not QCLN, PBW, etc
16:30 EST tomorrow I believe
Thank you for your service
They plan to sign a partnership though, nothing's official yet.
All in on NIO OR ICLN ????
screenshot of your short positions - otherwise it is just a bullshit
Weekend Dow never mattered. It’s always off by a lot
My NIO investment changed my life. I always wondered about the brand perception in China. This is the most important best thing I've read about the company. 

I sold at 54 and bought back in.
Damn thats a steal! I wish I had found GME earlier. I just liquidated my last 5k in other stocks to buy more at this price on monday. Long term I think the potential is huge, so personally I would defintely buy more even at this price.
I prefer the menace style
estimated time to find all these emojis for this comment? you for sure typed this while on the shitter. only way.
[deleted]
Sold chewy for $3 B. Bought 13% of GameStop valued at $1B. I wouldn’t call this “all his eggs”. But he does seem to be making aggressive moves here.
I don't know how to do that.
Red at night bulls delight
[deleted]
Sitting on Vale 19c 2/19. Prob going to buy some more dated calls Monday
Well i think it is.
I mean obviously Palantir has more long term potential.  The whole point of GME was a legendary short squeeze but whether that will actually happen is hard to say.
You realize that If GameStop went back up to its ATH market cap of just under $10 billion in 2007, the share price would be $150. So basically what you’re saying is a short squeeze which has the potential to be of massive proportions won’t even get the stock back to ATH market cap...
Donald Trump
They keep rubbing mangos face on defeat so I think he'll try something but the amount of security around inauguration will shut that down. I could see them marching around the city and doing some damage like the summer riots.
Dude please roll your shit over to Schwab. The fact that you have this alone can leverage you to the big brokerages in so many ways.
[removed]
What I just saw was 70k
[removed]
Yep
From what you saw you think the yahoos involved in that shit are now mindful of being embarrassed?🤣
Ban
Margot Robbie
[removed]
This has been the biggest thing holding me back. That and the fact the government can just screw over your company if you dare dissent (i.e. Jack Ma, Alibaba, and Ant IPO). 

Fraud can happen to any companies in the world but the CCP’s tight leash on their companies makes me extremely wary of investing in them.
Serious ? 2000 PE and you ask how tesla is a bubble?
Wait till premarket at least before declaring defeat
Just buy CLF
Beautiful. I’ve been telling people all this since March but didn’t have to patience to put it all into a post. This is lovely.

Something else I would add is William Li’s tenacity and background. Extremely smart guy with humble beginnings. A lot of American investors simply don’t trust chinese companies and the first place to start is to watch videos of William Li. Trust me this guy is special — Steve Jobs type beat
30% is money bro, and you made more rentability. Also past =\= present. People made barely money with NIO in 2019
Too expensive
Power green energy and utilities:  NEE
[deleted]
[removed]
They have a huge fan base and user base in China, but I’m not too familiar with their business so won’t comment further
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think the logic is that if you geographically reside in Hicksville and spend your days going to the pub with your cousins while occasionally checking Fox News between eToro trading on your flip phone, you automatically know more than someone overseas that dedicate dozens of hours per week to learning all there is about the largest market in the world.

Or something along those lines...
Cathie musk
wouldn't it be easier to fix an electric car?

and you wouldn't need to fix it often either
This sub is a little too bullish
Agree twitter fb are long term garbage. Eventually they will lose all appeal. After half their user base is banned the other half will just get bored jacking each other off. Amazon/Shopify will be fine.
Dollar cost average it. Shed 5-10% at regular intervals until is gone. Or sell half now and let the rest ride. Key thing is to lock in a healthy profit.
Would you tell us what the Chinese media is saying about Jack Ma?
Ew, now I need to add this to my TSLA model...
Why is everyone worried about future hikes in capital gains taxes❓

The real 🪤 already sprung 

All these realized short term ♿️🅰️❣️🧲💲 making Uncle 💲🅰️Ⓜ️ Happy Feet 🐧🎏

In fact, you have to constantly accrue short term gains taxes 🤡®️ lose your profit to ❣️♈️
Apple and Tesla were once traded at low price too :)
This mf is still singing and dancing after all this
I cant believe I'm asking this question, but shares over options for NIO? Considering actually buying and holding for the long term
How do you feel about bilibili?
QCLN > ICLN because it has TSLA and NIO
Do they give hand jobs behind Wendy’s in China? If so 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
🚀🌞💥
It's not like this is some F'ing Mona Lisa.
Sold it for $4.2 in jan 2020 with 15% profit. I thought I was a genius! 😂🙃
Yeah next week isnt good for me, can we reschedule?
This is the way
Jennifer aniston
Not a bubble. This is fine.
[deleted]
If you want to read more about it read the book Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahnemann. Kahneman is the professor that got Nobel Prize for his work on the Prospect Theory. It's an amazing read.
I didn’t realize the bond market was smarter. I’m out of here fuck you guys I’m off to r/bondstreetbets

Edit: it does not exist and I have returned
Hmmm... personally, I've not seen much focus on social score by western media. An article here or there; but 99.9% ppl still don't know about this.  

Chinese citizen literally has a QR code on their phone and need to report in to get tested if it shows red. This is good to control covid, but the implications are huge.  

I know you love your country and everyone just wants a good life... but, this is literally a black mirror ep.
Among us : boomer edition
Pretty sure their plan is to be a stock offerings company.
When does the EV sector blow up like the .com bubble?  It's literally copying the same .com bubble hype to a T, and some of the valuations for all things EV are even worse.  Only sold 30k cars and make no profit? You're now worth nearly as much as Toyota.  Battery company that doesn't even have a product to sell for 5+ years and will make no proift this decade? Worth $30B.  


This shit is gonna crash hard.
[meanwhile NIO engineers be like](https://v.redd.it/mvz93aeyr6u51)
Am I the only one that every time I see the comment " this is the way", in my head I say it in Lo Pans voice from Big trouble in little China? No? Just me?!
Lmao that is h i l a r i o u s
Acapulco Gold?
By that do you mean sell it and keep buying back in? But nice, that’s insane man! Chwy is solid. I’m super into STIC for bark box as well I think they could do as well as chwy.
[deleted]
Lmao that is h i l a r i o u s
Now I know what 'ground-glass opacity' sounds like.
[deleted]
No sin
[removed]
bullish, this means that Tesla still has room to grow to 2 trillion
Lol literally billions of chinese on the planet but ofcourse everyone must be a paid propaganda tool. To shill for NIO! Lmao. We got retards volunteering for that on WSB
Am I the only one that every time I see the comment " this is the way", in my head I say it in Lo Pans voice from Big trouble in little China? No? Just me?!
[deleted]
Yeah, good call, will take a look. I did get some BBBY though!
Bruh imagine shaving your whole fucking head every day.  Im sure bezos has some lady that does it for him but still....just get a hair transplant my nigga
[deleted]
Reminder that GHI-V is gonna run hard this week because merger is set for Jan 20. FOMO will hit hard Wednesday-Friday. Should settle around $17-18 and maybe run even more next Monday and Tuesday and then it might dump
If you could fuck one famous person one time and it’s your only opportunity ever who would you choose?

I’d definitely do Gal Gadot
[deleted]
Am I the only one that every time I see the comment " this is the way", in my head I say it in Lo Pans voice from Big trouble in little China? No? Just me?!
Yes I do give her credit for that, but I also give her parents that credit after they seem to have brainwashed/ terrified her that the end of the world is inevitable in the next 20 years.
If you could fuck one famous person one time and it’s your only opportunity ever who would you choose?

I’d definitely do Gal Gadot
It's not like this is some F'ing Mona Lisa.
[deleted]
Futes don’t matter anymore
Yeah I bought last april and got out in august. Made much more profit with nio, mara, hive, pltr, crsr, crsp and shit. This market is crazy but putting money long term in tsla right now is retarded, I can understand short terme options thought.
[deleted]
Look it up.  Ranges I gave are estimated but that is what they announced at their launch event. I followed it.
I'm buying an AK with my stimmie
Ahh sshit, the Carpple.
Already invested in NIO , I look forward to the gains
well, since WSB is a trading community and long term means a weekly instead of 0dte, all gains are taxed as regular income anyway. Ergo, no effect here, hurr durr
I speak 6 -  german, english, russian and spanish
how so
Lol
I think the screenshoot speaks for itself.
$2 straight to $58

What could go wrong??
I'm fairly certain, that's the most popular opinion of all times.
money is way hotter than ass
Great post! That part about renting the plane got me good. 🚀🚀🚀🚀 I've been holding 30c's that expire Friday since August, so this week is exercise time! EP9 and mini pony soon! More rockets!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
I like the idea of it but its definitely a covid19 stock. Itll be interesting to see which covid19 stocks keep their upward momentum in a post covid19 world, though I do believe SQ will definitely be one of them
[deleted]
Apple to the 🌚🚀🚀
I want chicken minis but Sunday 😠😤😡
When china stops buying it. Looking to next year corn is cheap relative to beans. Bean and corn in the same boat; the current price doesn't ration supply or buy next years acres. The big story is soy beans. We may legit run out before the south America crop comes off. It's been dry as fuck in south America, so the supply problem could be on going.
Now you’re just making me horny
Nah. Grab some after the pull back on my buy...
Fish, hunt, hike, ski, sail, boat, eat, gamble, shop, bird watch, wine tours, whiskey tours, camp, cycle, museums, etc.

Michigan has this imaginary line about half way up the lower peninsula. It runs from Bay City to Mt Pleasant to Muskegon. South of that line is everything you could ever want from bigger ish cities. North of that line is largely forest and a few tourist hotbeds. Farther north is almost empty forest. Then there’s a bunch of smaller lakes and the obvious Great Lakes. Living on that line is best IMO.
All paper gains until you cash out. I’d pull at least half out. Then that’ll be a realize gain and you can celebrate.
Maybe Biden’s stimmy announcement on thursday will make my calls that are deep OTM right now finally come back ITM by expiry? Fuck I hope so lol
Nio's more overpriced than Tesla.
Imagine she loaded up on Tsla shares n whatnot before that UN speech just to cash out and buy herself a ferrari of private jet. Half the world gets memed on
[deleted]
No robinhood gold
Not really honestly.  I think they will actually be prepared now and now that people are getting arrested and embarrassed on the internet, people are gonna think twice.
Excellent D&D, worthy of a month long ban.  Actual research and facts have no place here. Goes against everything we stand for, blind rumor investing with our life savings. This is the way.
You know why it dumped end of the year like thst?
I guess so
"I mean you're like Indian so you can play on terrorist team"
This post smells fishy af.
Puts on TSLA 
Last Friday it broke it’s prior record posting 11 consecutive days going up.  Last record took place in April of last year with 10 up days and then followed by 2 negative days loosing just over 10%.  

I don’t doubt TSLA can get to $1K but if that’s the case it needs to recalibrate form a new base and then continue it’s uptrend.  If it continues this uptrend then it would certify it’s a bubble and will fall much harder.
This is a corn index sub 🌽🌽🌽
For sure this is happening. FB is a giant AI system that gets better at making us angry and anxious every second of every day. 

This will be at the heart of the service change IMO
To be fair, I think investing in general isn't for the WSB retards
Fantastic comment
Ok boomer
Who is mango man?
[deleted]
If futures are green this week is going to moon like no other with the stimulus/infrastructure bill announcement Thursday... but we’re setting up for a huge blow off top.. all stimulus/economy now, Biden will have to address growing Covid after 1/20.
13 week old puppy takes bigger dumps than me, bullish for clean energy ICLN 40 EOM
and he owns a NIO
[deleted]
I wanna see an all time chart with every yolo from now on.
Weekend Dow blood red 🩸 https://www.ig.com/en/indices/markets-indices/weekend-wall-street
Everyone’s a little gay, right?
Plz no racism....but throwing around "retard" is totally fine. 🙄no sympathy for you on that one.

 Nice stock til tho
and he owns a NIO
At least buy a ford
A whole 1.5 sustainable home. 

Can we start a raffle to see who gets the whole house? Then a fight to the death for the other half?
I can’t tell if this is an unpopular opinion or not but.. I think I kinda like boob jobs
[deleted]
[deleted]
After 100k
Hyundai is a Korean auto manufacturer, no?
There was something I was going to do today other than read alien abduction stories...
Spent a lot of time this AM hiding Tesla gain posts, need to stay laser focused on GME 🚀💩🚀🤞🏻🚀💩🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Will NIO ever make its way to America and compete with Tesla? That’s when shit will get wild
Tesla to the moon baby. We not getting off this rocket ship.
[removed]
[removed]
One is definitely going to happen but I don’t see it being for another couple years, then again what the fuck do I know? I’m retarded.
$RUSKI
Diamond hands baby!
no, we buying the dips
This is precisely what is going to happen
I am not gonna comment on that bro, do what you gotta do but you gotta give some credit to her as a disruptor accelerator
[deleted]
So are we expecting more riots on Inauguration Day? If so I’m def planning a 0dte SPY play or something

* SWBI, etc
I am long XOM and ENB
Same thing that happened to the 1 million robo taxi fleet and solar roof tiles as cheap as traditional ones.
NIO house. The new Soho house. Genius.
Nah I bought that dip
And they had to change their whole business model to become the behemoth they are today. Selling books is probably less than 1% of their revenue meanwhile if Elon expand in new very lucrative industries why the hell would he do so with his one public company instead of any of his private companies.
Everyone long soybeans now you won't regret it
Kill me.
[removed]
what a loser, lost 2k at close.
Expect people can afford and need books and stuff, people can’t afford Tesla’s and will just buy the cheaper ev car, I’m shorting Tesla hard and can’t wait to see it crash
False
Wow, that took balls to hold that bag the whole way.
Leverage is just 1:2 nowadays. Complete joke
Jesus Christ, never heard of that before, so I just watched a minute and a half video on YouTube. That's me 100% dude, all aspects of my life. I put in 20% effort and get 80% results, I'm happy. Thanks!!!
[deleted]
Xie xie, I think that's thank you in Chinese. Either that or I just ordered some Beef Lo Mein. I love how even autism is globalized now. I can't read but the pictures convinced me that this is high quality due diligence and I should go in balls deep.

That's right all two inches.
I didn’t know he was a juggalo
A bit tangential but is the western prop reporting misinformation about major chinese city black-outs? Cold as hell winter nights, inability to use energy for cooking, living hospitably and manufacturing as well as more lock-downs?  Reported than CCP is saying this is exaggerated and not  happening at all. What would be a quality source on this matter.
Now take that 17k and go sell options to some of these people. Theta!
Who am I to pump a multi billion dollar publicly traded company? Hahaha
[deleted]
His singing skills were top notch tho
Thanks
Correct Dr. 🅿️🅿️ is 👑
OP complaining about retards in this sub. Bruh
Why is this commercial even here?
Wait until there’s a little red... all the bears comes flooding in
Goldman crook’s spac! Gsah, and you can ty me later for fixing your life
But like .... Are they not? It is their government. Just like we are responsible for all the shit our government does. 

I don't think it makes sense at the nationwide scale to completely separate people from the government. It allows for responsibility dodging. 

Just like when people say, "oh Trump? Yea most Americans aren't like that. Most of us support Paris agreement or whatever bullshit". But then why did we fucking elect him. We can't just dodge that responsibility.

Btw that's just an offhand example.
[deleted]
Loaded $845 $850 and $900 Jan 15th Friday
So Melvin gets fucked and I get rich?

Got it. Buy GME tomorrow  ✔️
I want some pure bred American muscle, 60s-70s style
What if I invest in green energy just to invest in oil later on bc Greta is trash
He's just standing there.... menacingly.
Sad seeing one of our Palantards in a documentary
Yep, BYD is another solid company to invest in at the moment.
Big sus
Stimulus
[deleted]
I doubt he gives a fuck 

But if he announces that stock split, maybe you were right
[removed]
O L D J O KE.... W A S H E D U P J O K E!!!
Same thing
when will digital corn crash
Citron will likely go long, lol
« *See in 2021 we replaced outdated traditional metrics such as revenues and earnings with CEO’s wishful thinking. Everyone was on board, how could we possibly have known what was coming to us?* »

-Some hedge fund manager on the oscar-winning 2025 mockumentary about the « forever 21 » stock market crash.
Are we still steering clear of BABA?
MT might not happen and probably overpaid

VALE should be good by end of March
Yup. Every 5 days like clockwork.
[deleted]
Lol. I just tried the shortened form of that word it's  flagged as well. This is blasphemous.
Ahh so is this a “sell news buy the rumor scenario”?
Thanks! I wasn’t sure what you meant about the broker but you explained it!

Are the costs higher in the after market trading simply because the share price is higher? Or are there different fees that get charged as well?
I remember when NIO was $4, can we bring it back pleas?
[deleted]
NIO $100 EOY?
Supposedly it will work against the different strains.  It would have to mutate more  for it to be ineffective.
Autist here. What in the fuck you talking about. What’s the move
Im in the same boat. I feel like if I can snag up some high strike cmc calls before earnings that’s my best bet at a bargain. I’m pretty sure the cat is out of the bag on Vale.
Name is sus
Who’s ready for capital gains to be taxed as normal income? I’m sure it will be a year before Congress gets serious about that but that will fuck the market hard for who knows how long
If you invest in tesla and belive in the EV future you should also invest in the supply chain for batterys. Canada Nickel Company is one such company that will see huge potential in the near future
SPCE was like the first big SPAC and after it cooled off it’s doing fine.
Apologies for suggesting that they do.  It is purely conceptual.

Distributed energy storage has a value which helps with balancing renewable load.  Much like that company who can tap your electric vehicle for Joules when it is plugged in overnight.

My suggestion was an opportunity, not a current service.  Sorry for any lack of clarity.
It's for addicts that want to trade 24/7
Using Dr. Patik’s trademarked price target method hm?
Columbian Gold?
Not any time soon. Get a small position just for the lulz and relax.
Buy SWCH, good DD
Msft took 15 years to recuperate. Insane lol.
Nah man, everybody should own just a little, even just 5%
Oh it’ll be shooting. 

$21 next stop
This is not DD.

No tickers.

No strikes.

No dates.


This is a poorly presented idea, wrapped up in even worse formatting.
Get rich, duhh.
Please tell me you bought
Serious lack of GME in this portfolio, how are you going to reach the moon without a 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Post your PUTS positions or ban.
You should get the flu shot.
BYD is another solid brand too. They're branching out globally at an insanely fast pace and their cars are AMAZING. I can tell you that first hand, I've driven them.

They're all over Latin America.
And also because if it’s on RH it’s not going to reflect right in a week anyway
Dam bro you are pumping the fuck out of nio, fucking shill. Quit trying take teslas cash
Yep, rent, healthcare, education, all these things have been going down down down for years
Jeff Bezos whole image was being the richest in the world. He won't let this slide. He doesent have the memes, charisma, cult following, that Musk, Gates, and Buffet have. He needs that spot
Nio can do it in China. Can they do it anywhere else? I doubt it. But if you believe so, it's definitely investable.
Credit goes to  u/TheyComeCrawlingBack
The 1-2 punch of Obama then Trump at the helm proved to the wealthy that no matter whose in office, printers gonna printer. We may have reached an economic singularity. Velocity of money has an impact on its stability; maybe we are at a point where technological advancements are coming at a faster pace then hyperinflation.
With Biden in control? He loves Gyna.
Check harder, looks like he submitted a post 4 months ago and its a pic of a communist banner so I think he checks out lol
> backwards ass-dystopian bullshit

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Except Tesla doesn't actually have that market share, they have a valuation like they do.
This! Cant wait for the DD on logistics. Shipping costs to my little land locked country has tripled since the covid. Clearing and forwarding agents are attributing it to shortage of shipping containers.
It’s probably pricing in earnings right now.  I expect blowout from ps5.  So does everyone else probably
500 EOW lol.. but I see your point since stocks are valued by hype and not worth nowadays ...
NIO 🚀🚀🚀 peak at 200.
[removed]
Now that's a market cap!
I love these top signal comments. 

Luckily no top in steel anytime soon
They were buying back 2016ish and onward.

And no, Amazon would not have been smart to do that, because they were levered to the tits and smashing every dollar Jeffy B could get his grubby mitts on into building out the warehouse network.
I just read a few topics in their sub and now my eye is twitching
[deleted]
Landing on moon base then heading to mars
[deleted]
Farted
I have nearly 8 kilos of gold and an ak-47 under my bed
Unless it gets delisted before that
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Most Murican only know enough 2nd language to speak to their gardener so you can imagine their surprise for someone that can speak 2 language so fluently
Nah she takes her yacht all around the world, certainly she has encountered some mulitlingual people somewhere
Cathie did break it, she sold a bunch of shares in TSLA last week
Bullish. Holding the line with my baby 25 shares
All that work for nothing
Yeah! It's not like anything goes down after good news or great earnings!



Wait...
ban this gay bear
Love it swinging gild too from the bottom $56 & got in on SRPT I wish I brought more shares on Friday.. got some cheap $200 leaps in 2023
Paper hands mcgee
"you can buy a low-cost index fund that tracks the S&P. It's virtually free and you'll do very well over time"

"I \[RC\] am someone, **I like to go all-in** when I find things that I like. I'm impatient, but then I find something I believe in, I make really concentrated bets, and that's why I was successful with Chewy. I put all my time and money into Chewy, and when I find something that gets me excited I like to swing for the fences but **I wouldn't recommend that for the average investor, and in terms of having the temperaments to deal with the volatility I guess that's kind of the adrenaline that come with being an entrepreneur**"

\- RC [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJdZPTjq274](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJdZPTjq274) 

Basically his most recent tweet "keep all hands inside the vehicle" [https://twitter.com/ryancohen/status/1347585815984091136](https://twitter.com/ryancohen/status/1347585815984091136) 

TL;DR: 💎✋ = 🚀📈,  ✋🧻 =💸 📉

Going long with 400 shares @ 18.67
As if you can't lose 100% of cheap lol
Did you watch the video? It is all about as many US dollars as they can get.
Coupled with immunity from peeps who have already been infected, hopefully we see steep drop off in rates in a couple weeks.
I would learn another language but there is only one language 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
What you describe is a huge reason why people say we are in a bubble though. Look into the .com bubble and it’s cause. It’s eerily similar to the paradigm shift you think is going to happen.
I believe they have a press conference coming up, this week?
It's a NIO ad!
I’m glad you support this farce, someone has to 🙂
Your English is solid my guy.

Great DD. Makes me want to hop back in after taking profits.
Just saw a Lucid commercial and oh man when that thing goes public Americans will forget about NIO
[deleted]
Anyone use Schwab?

I wanna try trading OTC shit.
Why not now? Yes, it can still go up... I get it... but you have a 25x gain, no matter how much it goes up from here, there is no reason for FOMO.

This is a once in a lifetime gain, don't throw it away.
Sure. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/3SUS9Gw
Coca Cola
[deleted]
Hmmm usually fidelity guys aren’t retards.
Buy the dip, we’re mooning on stimulus hopes (again)
People are saying is only asset inflation that’s going on. I don’t know what an asset is but I’m guessing it’s not milk and bread prices.
There is no value in unprofitable companies. 

That used to matter.
PLUG EOM?
FFS! I started ignoring TSLA options because of huge IV premiums
[removed]
Goev thoughts? Took a beating since merger but with blue government it seems it should make a strong comeback quickly. Wasn't there partnership with hyundai being announced?
I hear its really good to scrape the skins’s dead cell. And the live one too. You must have smooth smooth baby-skin!
The next car is called the S3X and instead of seats it’s a bed. I’m aborting the weak joke I was going to make and am just going to bask in what is not close to an original idea, but is still exciting
I’m like 24-4 buying ITM Call Debit spreads and just extracting theta. Works like a charm. Got 4 NIO $44.5-$45c for like $0.3/ea, so 66% ROI in a couple weeks. Not ultimate gains, but not bad either. In hind sight I should’ve gotten 100 contracts and not 4 lmao
Not everyone can afford a tesla
Get rid of the program entirely or modify it to entice clientele. For example, for every X amount of Y you bring in, broken or working, you get a credit that can be applied to future transactions. Builds a foot in the door and will only temporarily impact margins seeing as most people will gladly liquidate their old disks since everything is digital. It can also be spun in such a way that it falls in line with eco-friendliness if they use it as a program to recycle as opposed to just tossing their stuff into the trash. Steam is cool because it offers a wide catalogue and lots of sales. If Gamestop mimics that customer service but then also adds onto that service by offering MORE, it will be a win. Plus with the steady development of AR/VR paving way towards the (dystopian) future, there lies even more opportunity.
Lol, you were up 10k and back to even? Bro, you're going to go broke multiple times before you get to 200k at that rate
Or you could just put your money elsewhere and actually make money in this retarded market.
Tesla Puts
Bruh, get IN. It’s the largest SPAC in history.
Stop eating Winnie the Pooh's cock, mate.
Long wall of text post with pictures.  This shit going to 80 by EOW
What app is this ?
BOA thinks Hilton is a top 10 investment for 2021
Market cap doesn’t equate to cash flow of the company by the way.
But careful about the currency exchange loss every time you transact
You bastard
Don’t lose your tax money, you will still owe it!
Robinhood...if you don’t use it already don’t bother to start
Yeah. Maybe the next 8-10 years.
You son of a bitch, I’m in!
True.  
I'm stuck in eur these days. Good luck with the gambling.  
再会 ;)
TLDR NIO to the moon!! Convinced! Lol but seriously though my richer friends in China does like Nio a lot and I also know some people in the US office for Nio.  I just wished I got more when it was sub $10
I’m a software engineer but thank you for educating me that Apple isn’t a software company 😂 I don’t think anything you said is credible after that claim lmao
[deleted]
Put money where your mouth is and short Nio Li Xpeng then. Why can’t Chinese people like their government you brainwashed smoothbrain
[deleted]
Yes this has me worried about FD calls 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
precious metals is a haven for boomers and shit corn for millenials
10C leaps look like free money
If someone posts this long of a dd to convince people of a brand, then the brand is literally dead. Short this shit.
"Government support" 🤣🤣🤣
Lmao
📈spy chart for the next couple days going to look almost exactly like this, plan accordingly
I have NIO shares but I am always very skeptical of the CCP. Clearly they are heavily involved in the switch to EV which is good for NIO, but is it possible that they will become so involved that they will interfere with NIO’s business and maybe say hey we won’t help you or maybe will even hurt you if you try to sell cars outside of China? Also, the whole NIO cult argument does 0 for me. Plenty of auto manufacturers have their loyal fans, what I want is for people who don’t give a shit to also want to buy a NIO because it’s the best option in terms of price/quality etc.
In Gyna
Yeah I agree. Hopefully Elon isn't reading this.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch
F
Delisted
Lol 10x? So this stock is going to $300?
the only reason Buffet was considered the best investor of all time comes down to a simple reason: he didn't sell, that's literally it.

Whenever you see those BIG gains on WSB what are they usually? LEAPs that DID NOT SELL.

really makes you think...
[deleted]
Only the penny stocks and SPACs. Everything else trends up
On a Sunday?
nice explanation
That too but I didn't think one can simply ignore an executive order without consequences
Their CEOs should start smoking whiskey with rogan
If enjoy their ketchup, I will still believe in the company.
thought police will run via iota tangle
Jack Ma was doing something similar that led to the 2008 shitshow, CPC stopped him, that’s it.
I have not considered this. NIO $3000 EOM
Absolutely fuck this CCP bullshit. 

In all his previous comments and posts this dude is pandering to and supporting the communist party/cause. Clearly trying to pump up this shit, copycat manufacturer. 

Tesla outsells Nio (even in an uber nationalist state like China) because it's a far superior product. It's crushing the competition. Let's continue to crush the CCP. 

Fuck Nio.
You have to add Intel as well and some of Microsoft and Google. Also they could Go for more machine learning on the Pros and then you can add some from nvidia as well...It sums up I guess.
How vicious is the business culture in china? Will people do anything to make a buck?
Don't just buy aapl, but you get the gist.
Where will $NIO be in 2023?

Edit: Damn.
Hasn’t this already pumped like crazy? Wish you had posted 2 months ago
They were $1.98 around open and closed at $0.66 after getting IV crushed all day. $132 woulda bought you two. $87.65 I believe at Friday’s peak
Technically North America is still being settled (population growth of 100% every 25-50 years for a couple centuries will do that).
Warren Buffet and especially Charlie Mungers voices make me cringe. I feel bad for them cause they old as fuck but everytine they talk about investing in railroads Im like bruh that’s boomer shit
BABA or TSLA
Bezos at the R&D lab:

https://thumbs.gfycat.com/BeautifulPracticalCurassow-max-1mb.gif
SRPT is my bet. Set a stop loss at $70 just in case. But updated price targets since the dump are all still in excess of $100
😂 , your username, #notccpbot.
20.5B outstanding shares, will take a lot of purchases to bring this up substantially
You're probably not wrong, just early
Get yourself some BABA calls thank me later
> I like making money, but I hate losing it more

Prospect Theory!
Technically...no, it is not
PSTH
Ya puts on google fam
God dam, china seems like a dog eat dog country
LUMN and MAC look set to blow. Very downstream oil like setups. 

LUMN especially looks set for very sizable run up.
Its sunday
Good bot.
So is shit corn a haven for retards now instead of precious metal?
No it’s not
I take a screen shot of my account balance everyday cuz I know it’s not going to stay that way forever 😢
The risks for US investors is possible delisting or arrest of NIO founder William Li by CCP.

It might look a far cry now but the eventual fate of many self made billionaries in China is dissappearence. Watch this Real Vision video which is one year old but predicted this about Ant Finance and Jack Ma.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cwXifDaCjE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cwXifDaCjE)
Love it. This is the degenerate gambler in me but I can’t help but think, “what if it gets pumped to higher p/e like every other tech company?”
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nah bro

Current price per share + stimulus amount = price target
I find it hard how a forum focused on market disrupters is so focused on a company who is a victim of disruption. Is GME going to start selling pet food?
OP what do you think about Tantech (TANH)?
Looks like you made some good money on that. Too late for entry Monday morning?
Agreee, not much growth.  Maybe 20%
The ICR prsentation is after market close monday so it will dip tuesday if anything
read the news, it’s from this morning. 
it is now confirmed bro.
I wouldn't be surprised. He's going to get tired of his rich friends poking fun at him.
Duck off and find your own broker instead of begging on WSB lmao
Go all in on Uvxy march 19 12c
Will someone think about his free speech. He is such a victim of the big and powerful just like the protagonist of 1984. Poor thing.
I’ll add at new levels of support as we slowly climb. Been negative for a month and I’m not fuckin selling. 
If Bb can actually follow thru and create this car-iot- App Store ecosystem the sky is the limit. This thing could go back above a hundo by 2030. Could stay at 5-7 forever
Stop eating western propaganda mate..
NIO is fucking awesome... but it’s missing a South African figurehead... don’t know if they can have a Tesla run up because of that
Remember remember the 5th of November
No problem sir
So cost of labor, lumber, services going up up up but somehow inflation still below this elusive AF 2% asymmetric target therefore the digital printing must continue, oh it must 🎭

But economy not fraudulent❔

The Fed is now saying inflation is GUHd❓ 

🐂🐃🦬❣️💲🈂️

🅰️🦾🦾 📍🖇 ☎️📞

🐍〽️🍑🤡 🎏🎭🎋😹😹
Ouch
Lol, when you look at disparity of salaries you would prefer NK over SK, you would prefer the former GDR over West Germany and you would have preferred the Soviet Union over the USA.


It's a metric that is beyond terrible when comparing average quality of life or economic activity.



Rules changing means it's fraudulent? What rules are getting changed in a way that would constitute fraud?


The economy is just people producing & trading & consuming things in an organized (doesn't mean planned economy, self organization is also valid), efficient fashion. And right now people are doing this less efficiently due to a pandemic. 


If monetary & fiscal policy is handled poorly, then "the economy will slow down" will be a self-fulfilling prophecy since when any individual(or any company) expects the economy to slow down, they will save money to prepare (or invest with less risk as a company). This, ironically, will lead to the economy slowing down because of less spending/investing


The government can stop this in its tracks by making sure

1) to encourage spending/investing and discourage saving, via tax cuts, low interest rates & 'free' money


2) to let everyone now that it is committed to these policies, so that no one feels the need to prepare for a slowdown 




This pandemic is like the textbook example for this policy-making.



Of course you can't overdo it. You have to raise taxes & interest rates again eventually. After you made sure that no one is expecting an economic slowdown anymore
Are people still worried about delisting?
Now..
Still not nearly enough we need that rate to double like 2 or 3 more times
That rumor was dispelled
Yes!!!! To put this in perspective, if apple was valued at the same PE ratio as Tesla, it would be nearly as large as world gdp. Tesla has had a once in a lifetime run but it’s time come down to reality. I’m still bullish long term, but 2k pe is insane.
Exactly, while a green license is free :)
I'm sorry, are you expecting people here to understand anything other than memes?
[deleted]
Tell that to TSLA
Yup, run up last week, maybe this coming week is not uncommon. Expecting it to continue indefinitely is going to fuck some people
[removed]
Really appreciate it :)
My price point for NIO is $500 EOW. I arrived at this after predicting almost all of Tesla will rotate and fomo into NIO. Market cap 1 trillion EOY
Arkk needs to make me money. Give me money Cathy
It's actually not Saturday
More like BM
Yeah I think you are right. The only way the market went down was when the world was wondering if a coup attempt was happening.
Like the other person said, brand deals, advertising, but also YT ad revenue and selling merchandise. He said yesterday that some of his latest videos weren't sponsored and came out of his own pocket at a loss, so people buying MrBeast merch helps fund things too.
I did it on gold dip, but if it prints I’m doing it in icln
Vaccination rates are accelerating dramatically. It only took one week for the daily doses given to double. We should be doing over a million people per day by the end of January.

BUY ENERGY

XLE, PSX, CVX, XOM, etc
[Apple, Hyundai to agree on electric car tie-up early this year](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html)

so we are going to see apple cars in 2024?
are we bullish?
It was probably planned to be this way. The system just created a bunch of debt slaves. Companies like Sallie Mae will hopefully be sued for predatory lending. Who the hell approved an 18 year old for $60k a year loans when statistically they will never be able to pay it back? In high school they make you believe the college you go to matters so you pick the best one instead of the more realistic one. Jokes on them for not realizing a piece of paper from a for-profit institution isn’t going to do shit for them out here. It’s fucked up and I hope the problem is fixed without millennials having to starve their slave owners.
Stop eating western propaganda man lol
[removed]
Someone else mentioned TTD and the chart is bullish af. Thx for the reminder bro
made a few thousand on SQQQ, a significant amount less than was expected that night. Still holding uvxy shares.
That’s it, 20K on NIO.
Wouldn’t he have to pay tax on the value gain of the painting though?
I like making money, but I hate losing it more. Gimme profits and I'll see you at the next dip 🤙
Yeah exactly, but think about it like this... if M1/M2 really is incredible, the entire market CAP of AMD could be added onto apple’s and it’ll only add what, like 15% Max to their market cap? AMD is valued at 200Billion.. Apple is well over a trillion
I'm in at $4 a pop.  Should I add more at this price?
Short Nio Li Xpeng Tesla BYD Geely then :)
It’s good for all you autistic fucks
ITM
It's alright I had 500c 1/15 I sold Friday ......
[removed]
Retards, hear me out if you are into green energy (ICLN, TAN, QCLN, PLUG etc and even EVs) we need to add Greta Thunberg to our list of overloards, up there with Papa Elon, Cathy, Karp, Cohen and c.o. we need to encourage Greta to speak up again and tell those boomer fucks (again) how important climate change is. Can one of you already post #BringBackFridaysForFuture? You are most welcome you and mother earth. Lol.
Oh no reddit I have to pay taxes on my ***million dollars in cash*** don't you feel sorry for me?
Still have the 护A .... No way I ever let that one go.  
Cost me 13k when I got it... Mwahahahaha....
In 18 months I'll be the guy that bought tesla shares for $3
Yes...you can use CFDs to get leverage.
And they said they will implement options..they have to since robinhood is coming to UK.
well said
Sold NIO at 42... but bought mara with the money so all good.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/_y51|[What you think about Xiamoi?](https://redd.it/kue5ev)
/u/TheUltraViolence|[Sleepy Joe's economic plan: autist edition](https://redd.it/kue9up)
/u/Sipnheighterade|[I can finally post my life’s work... (yeah I made this. Some cork soakers from penny stocks ripped me off 🤷🏼‍♂️)](https://redd.it/kuekyj)
/u/MadMax1815|[Plug Power](https://redd.it/kuelvm)
/u/idk1010011|[My Robinhood app is frozen](https://redd.it/kuenzw)
/u/ajahec|[NSPR is the ticker](https://redd.it/kueqnu)
/u/dumbdotpng|[I(15)M have a question](https://redd.it/kuf6xn)
/u/McFlow_2980|[All-In Jaguar Health (JAGX) retards! Merger will be announced tomorrow!](https://redd.it/kuf7u2)
/u/McFlow_2980|[All-In Jaguar Health (JAGX) retards! Merger will be announced tomorrow!](https://redd.it/kuf7u2)
/u/Most_Insane_F2P|[Why are US stocks trading at 30 P/E and non-US at 20 P/E?](https://redd.it/kuffwm)
And also run the internet. It’s google and Wal-Mart combined

Edit oh yeah and netflix. Probably aren’t making cars because they plan on flying us around in drones and rockets soon
They can't get inflation because demand for gasoline still has not recovered. 

OPEC just decided to continue to keep supply at current levels until March. If that continues without a very significant labor market recovery, we will see stagflation. Unemployment for December for worse not better. 

Macro indicators are very bad.
I need something that will turn around quick lIke SQ jumped back to 240 instantly
Don't forget about apply for PPP to fund health insurance, then sack the personal assistant
No I didnt
Social score sounds freaking scary.  Does this not concern you?
Or ignored
Every time a stock gets hyped in here it turns into 💩
Bought xpev at $24 sold at $19.
If Amazon had continued selling just books online they would be a shit company today. It was impossible to know they would pivot to selling all kinds of goods and then go into the cloud space. Investing into it back then was irrational.
In a bubble you have to go long and use puts to hedge
Some of them making tendies, some of them are eating ue tendies
Been making so much profit with Puts these past few weeks thanks to these other retards.
Why the heck are you tempting WSB???
It definitely seems like figuring out quick replacement will be key. Show up at a station, 5 mins later you're on the road with full charge. Going to be key, and I think NIO is leading that area. But I don't like holding China stuff long term
THIS

I feel most comfortable just playing commodities all year.
Hopefully get one soon
Fuckin hate the Sunday market. Always trades sideways
Their deals are unbeatable fr
When is the ICR conference?
If you want a blue license in shanghai now that’s not a 沪C license, the wait is quite long I think?
The thing is twitter has 200m active users and yet is still 1/3 the market cap of zoom.
I thought bezos was also blowing our money on space toys
I'm trying to double up this week, I think I've narrowed it down to selling atm put credit spreads of either Amazon or icln
Even god..? Now I have to all in
Missing $PLTR
Valeant Pharmaceuticals; Wirecard; Romeo Power; fucking Nikola; Not to mention their existing automakers. All of whom could have entered this market long before Tesla. Elon himself said the Chinese are the best builders in the world. A lot of anti Chinese sentiment is American. However, people on both sides are wising up. No one wants Iraq 2.0 so corporate dems and republicans can get fat over dead Americans and Chinese.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Up 150% on my (10) 4/16 $30C and you say this is a 2022 thing now!? How dare you sir! I am out of cash
Uhuh. Yep. Very illegal
I said "don't pay", not "don't report.". Consider it peaceful protesting.
Tesla was down $18 AH. You good bruh.
Idec if they’re traps honestly that’s my preference anyways 😤
ok, guy posting on reddit.
I thought that the election would be closer
Congrats and fuck you
[deleted]
Write to them and complain
Just looking at ev companies. Even though solo is a retarded 3 wheeled fagmobile
So you're saying the cybertruck, semi and model2 wont have a big impact on vehicle sales? Nor the two new factories playing any part at all?
God just went all in Tesla
Icln/QCLN calls
Soooo my $1260 TSLA calls for 1/29 will print?
CATL are supplying battery to Nio Li Xpeng Tesla and more, super bullish on them
Oh we see $850 EOW easily. $906 was coming easy if we hit $806 by EOD Friday we didn’t but if we see some nice pre-market movement that holds $906 is still possible.
Bought it for the wife. I've dropped 225>220 since Xmas. Fun as hell
I’m personally in shares and selling covered calls
Are you sure they are really girls?
Positions?
Wow bro youre right. Fuckin google got it all wrong i guess
 ban
Thanks for the DD, fellow Asian Pacific retard. Didn’t read it but hoping for the best.
I thought they mostly solid tequila and shares
Imagine competitive ass Bezos splitting his stock just to go back to 1st place.
Agreed on most points except the Shanghai wait times for ICE cars.  My past 3 cars I had literally 30 days at most because I asked for a high end trim that wasn't readily available.  
VW, Audi and Audi.  
Last purchase was in 2018.
That being said, it doesn't take away from your point.
It's Saturday so can't be this week
NIO has a different target audience then Tesla.
Yes and CC premiums are very high
How in gods name are you comparing solo to nio
Wtf Robinhood down for anyone else? Prices won’t change and I’m trying to sell. Isn’t that illegal wtf
A man of culture as well 🤝
My goal is 200k by end of year. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 

Last week from 3.1 k to 13k back to 3k. 🤡🤡🤡

What moves should I make with stocks at ATH? Puts only work for like an hour or two but I get fucked for not having unlimited day trades. And I’m too scared for calls since we at ATH.

What calls should I get? Like legit. Puts ain’t working bruh.
Well, I'm sold.. Lets go MT
Lol, how could you not think Biden would be good for markets?

It's fuckin Joe Biden, not Che Guevara.
Rare form
680 @ 25
What's the difference between all of Papaya's SPACs? Dude has like 7
Would it kill you to click the link he posted and type in amzn
Post Christmas comedown
Propaganda.  Paid post. We are autistic, not imbeciles.
[deleted]
He seems to live a fairly safe lifestyle, buy if anything were to happen, my god those puts would print overnight.
I wouldn't conflate racism against asians with contempt for their govt.  There may be some cultural judgement for against for example wet markets vs. not but overt ractism is a bit of a stretch, jmo.
What should i dump 5k into tomorrow?
Tesla May be a bubble, but every time one of you idiots talks about PE I think maybe it’s real since I’m on the sideline surrounded by idiots.
Didnt lose everything, walked away with some top notch knowledge
That seems likely
They didn't even buy Baba Friday
why did u delete this, OP?
I suppose but I bet it can very easily be overturned by any court
Why doesn't Cohen buy let's say 69 or 420 shares every day and file the SEC documents? That would be a bullish move.
 Did you have permission to post this? They'll find out you know.
同志你好 哈哈哈
The market would have took off no matter what happened, bullish on blue, bullish on red, bullish on gdam purple it doesn't matter just as long as something (anything) happened
If it pumps premarket, I'm dumping. I sold half my shares in the ah pump Friday
Now we just need Mr. Beast to make a video showing him buying all the GME shares.
Realistically it's just gonna pay bills but I will be spending 100% of my BP on a basket of

ARKK LEAPS 01/2022

AAPL LEAPS 01/2022

ICLN Monthly calls 3/19

QQQJ Monthly calls 6/18

SPY Monthly calls 3/19

TSLA Debit Spreads 1/29

MSFT Debit Spreads 1/29

Might even get credit spreads on the dollar ETF if it bounces before the money printer starts running
Why are you posting this again?
I don't need a hedge. My garden has a wall.
u/vitocorlene \- what's your LUMN play?  16 JUL 10c is looking tempting if you think it'll be up by 50% (guessing high estimate?) by June
Lol my TSLA puts are fuukkkk that’s what I get for trying to be a 🌈 🐻
Gonna get a couple grand in there when it dips
Nah. GE looks more impressive !🙃
Sell ratings all over wallstreet. But they're a very solid company. Calls expiring in summer are the best in my opinion and LEAPs are guaranteed profit.
People really think that after Nio has a great event day and partners with Nvidia that the stock will go down on Monday? 🤡
What's more likely, a 34 year old billionaire trolling a random internet forum by dropping tens of millions on a stock he thinks will drop? Or, a 34 year old billionaire that has been strategically planning his next huge investment for years and is trolling boomers that bet against him with cryptic tweets.

Cohen isn't dumb, nor is he in GME to lose money.
In on 50 2/26 0.5 already. Any other dates/prices you like? Thanks
From a fellow Chinese autist here, I salute you comrade, yolo on nio call Monday!
[removed]
Gotcha
Each stock market has official set operating times and days. NYSE is 9:30-4. However a pre market is available before the main operating hours. So from 4am-9:30 you can trade in the pre-market if your broker allows. After market is trading between 4pm and 8pm. Larger brokers can afford the costs to trade in these time periods. You will see the larger investment companies do their big purchases in these hours to avoid market manipulation from retail trades.
[deleted]
Want one!  No more spark plugs, air filters, oil changes, coolant changes...plus all the problems that arise from using combustion to make a vehicle move.
Ching chang chong
Did you film this straight after you chased the hawk??
Sounds like this company is on the right track

What's their stock ticker again?
I could be wrong about this, but I don't think the market would care. He has no political influence anymore
What trading platform is this
I’m a bit late to the party but I’d like to mention that the market cap and valuation are not the same thing.

I fail to see how a company with a higher market cap than Amazon cannot still be considered in a bubble or overvalued given all other ratios are equivalent. This seems to be the argument you are making.

However, I do believe that Tesla is likely overvalued. While I haven’t done any calculations myself, the video narrator seems to be under the impression that Amazon only sells books. Yet, Amazon integrated other products and turned into more of a shipping/middleman company than an online bookstore. Hence why Amazon is as valued as it is today.

Tesla on the other hand is a car company. Elon Musk’s way of doing things is a testament to the fact that it is incredibly likely that Tesla will remain as a car company, as any other needs can be fulfilled with a separate entity (I.e. all of Elon’s companies are specialised, so if he wanted to do something else I don’t see why he wouldn’t start up something else). All values for Tesla’s valuation are calculated on this basis, proving how overvalued Tesla really is.

I do also agree with you on your last statement, but again not because of Tesla’s size. Tesla is currently a growing company. It’s still producing factories - in fact, now that I think of it I do remember hearing about Musk wanting to perfect the factories for his vehicles so that he can then sell factories as well. Of course it can make those massive losses, but Tesla probably planned them in the first place.

Sorry for my poor writing. I’m honestly not bothered to try to construct a better argument and would rather have you show me how I am wrong so I can learn more. I am quite new to investing - I don’t believe I know enough to be certain about the future, those are just my two cents.
Can't see a problem here. Still 5,5k to yolo.
Yes
I love my Chinese homies.
Never going to own transportation I can't fix in my personal garage
just providing a possible answer to your comment
Next week or this week
Don’t underestimate what he can try through executive order, he’s still the president of the United States. Not saying it would succeed, just wondering what he’s going to attempt
Hahahah, 50 cents, you got me.
THIS
[deleted]
I agree. Not only that but they will not be capital intensive like most automakers like Tesla. Elon wants to start designing batteries and building a factory. Nio is letting others do that for them. They are a luxury brand. It is not millionaires buying Tesla but people with a middle class income. From cultural perspective, people are value conscious in china. The vehicles NIO has have way more value from the consumer perspective. As do the services. Instead of having to buy a new car you can just upgrade your battery, or cancel your autonomous driving subscription. People value autonomy world wide. Battery and autonomous driving as a subscription is more affordable and a reoccurring revenue stream.  80K on that vs Tesla that doesn't give you as much is a no brainer. NIO to fucking mars baby.
[deleted]
You know what to do boys..... BRRRRR
Step 1: Make more money. 
Step 2: Pay accountant to do your complicated taxes.
no just thinking about lifespan and cost of maintenance
25. the delta is so high my 7 contracts is practically like i own 700 shares. and theta is only 8 cents a day.
[removed]
I with you who would buy a Hyundai?
Are they doing that though? There was no mention of them providing energy storage to utilities and I feel like they would have.
[removed]
We still need a slight correction. Not a full on bear crash, but we are definitely at the top of the channel. There's also a historical slight dip in the second half of January every year.
What the gentleman below stated. 

It looks like down before up here.
What does mso stand for?
Wee wooo wee wooo!
Tis a joke ik nobody goes broke taking profits
You really take cnbc seriously?
Tell me we see AAPL 135 next week please
The day Tesla corrects this sub is gonna light on fire and blow out 50% of its followers.
That’s just what they’re called, but the brilliance is that they’ll run on steam power!
This. Gotta diversify. Shit. Now I sound like r/investing
Bang her one last time and just start crying like really loudly while hitting doggy style. Don’t stop though. Then nut and run off crying naked and never talk to her again
oooh nice
It's like 2008 again, betting on a product that you don't have, but everyone says it's the deal of the century.
$350 by or soon after ER inbound
Do one on Ford next time more tendies, waiting.  Ford to the moon  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I feel like a bunch of monkeys in a cage throwing crap to each other. I'll gladly sell you those puts. In the end we'll all lose and the Market Maker wins
So we all see what happened with NIO and how most of us who been here for a while bought when it was sub $10 and took profits waay before it recently hit $50, leaving huge profits on the table. What are some of yall thoughts on SOLO? Its still sub $10
Around 70 million adult us citizens think social medias is the only way a president can address the nation.
I am noob, indian, how do I invest in NIO, NYSE ADR NIO, would suck all my gains if any through various taxes, is NIO listed in any other stock exchange? Could indian citizen invest in it?
I was driving from Chicago to Ny on Monday morng, so Gps was on for 9h
They are expanding into Norway soon
Go take a bath.. wash away his piss
I’d be interested to know what your life goals are to even need 2.6 mil in the market....
Fck the 🏳️‍🌈🐻
The rubes on CNBC were saying otherwise for two months
Retards have been buying guns by the truckload since March '20. Priced in.
Too many other plays right now. Plenty of time to get in later
https://finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html?.tsrc=rss&__twitter_impression=true
Chick-fil-a merger would squeeze immediately.
Plus Obama’s investment income tax. 3.8% additional tax over 200k income on investment gains. Was part of Obama care.
At this rate we will have thousands of trillion dollar companies s/
Hell yeah. Just gotta see that confirmation come Monday or worst cause Tuesday/Wednesday. Then just gotta adjust expiration dates accordingly.
feels fake every day. i only make $30k a year and i “made” 60k in just a couple months.
No it doesn’t it stands for LEAP over the first expiry
First, there is racism everywhere. Can't get away from it.

Second, fuck them.

Third, thanks for the DD. See you on the moon, friend.
Forget  Tesla. daddy Ford is coming.  Ford is going to crush  both the kids. And will who is dady. FORD to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
except it literally doesn't have the  only thing that this sub is about: options...
Projecting much?
wsbs is my mom
Petco Monday
Why? Could go either way. Maybe it tanks at open tomorrow
I take my million and buy TSLA calls

Nowhere to go but up right?
Don’t want one. Need sound in my life 😒
I'm late to my own party but fuck it and fuck your freedom speed - im in the land of gravity belts and kangaroos so I'll stick with my 170 km/h mate
Please tell us how much NIO paid you to write that thing.
Is that a gelly candy?
我指的当然是对亚洲人的种族歧视呀， 中国人确实有很多人歧视其他种族， 我并不否认这个事实。  有必要恶意上纲上线？
Buy used ev. Got it
Fuck you I laughed
Same. My first options trade was a 22c on palantir. Won bigly. After that pissed away 25% of total value chasing that win again.
1/15 1000c
Forget Nio and Tesla. Yours Papas daddy Ford is coming.  Ford is going to crush  both the kids. And will who is dady. FORD to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I feel like a bunch of monkeys in a cage throwing crap to each other. I'll gladly sell you those puts. In the end we'll all lose and the Market Maker wins.
Jesus, what is up with every person using the word “retard” on this sub? It’s like you’re in middle school.
🍻
GS talking about a super cycle. I'll settle for a plain old cycle.
IDK, but I assume they will have exponentially better tech and replacement going forward. Worried about planned obsolescence?
Yeah its definitely long-term with RC until his master plan begins to take effect and changes start to gain momentum
Assuming Apple Car and Apple Glass announcements and M2 benchmarks...I think it's realistic...but for AMZN I'm not sure...
I wonder what will happen at earnings. ;)
Now this is beautiful
A video from 2008 is oddly appropriate...
I have only ever made money listening to autists on this sub, I’m up 114% on $LM after one day because someone used a rocket emoji
Yeah we shlould be fine as long as he doesn't speak about antitrust bill.
Well shit this is a lot of words. I'm in.
395 by Wednesday.
[deleted]
Just buy shares of that. So cheap
The president can address the nation in other ways than a micro blog? Who knew?
I wish I’m getting paid haha
Thanks bro - hope you get rich af
Repost police
[It is different, but not in the way our "fair" and "unbiased" mainstream media tells you...](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/kucf6r/chinese_autist_here_gonna_share_you_western/giraj9k/)
I missed out on most of the November election pump for the same reason 🤷🏼‍♂️ happens. We still may get a correction
[deleted]
thank you for your insights. this subs needs more of these posts
Considering that Dems are much more likely to pass a stimmy very quickly if they have full control, why would anyone expect the market to tank if dem won both run offs?
Too expensive, scary depreciation. My money is better invested in a cheap car and EV shares.
My wife’s boyfriends pissed at me for selling my nio calls too early
not the first not the last. you’ll be alright
Fuck you ccp shill.
I just put my dick in a hot apple pie.
Highest disparity in salaries in the world, FTFY 👍

Economy is fraudulent because the rules keep changing 💯

What is even the plan in America right now❓
Strike?
Damn and I thought my 11 h was bad
1 word: blockbuster
Yeah it's not like there's a pandemic or anything. Enough of my friends have been hospitalized, not doing anything on public I don't have to
Ok so you’re saying the only thing that will drive future stock prices are company sentiment of shareholders? That’s essentially saying you don’t care about risk because sentiment can switch over night if it’s not based on anything but feelings. How do you gage risk on something like that? And what you just described doesn’t happen. If a company continues to issue more shares to secure new funding that implies infinite money loop which just like an infinite energy loop will never exist. These principles of finance ceasing to exist is what your whole argument is based off of, which is problematic. What if the principles you don’t care about continue to exist just like they have for the last 400 years? This isn’t the first bubble and it won’t be the last, don’t let your feelings toward Tesla affect that.
Not this friday according to their newsletter but they have been buying a ton lately.
Yooooo 😂😂
Think about it. What could possibly cause a green energy ETF to full on dump going into a Biden presidency? It's not an individual company. There might be a bit of profit taking occasionally but higher highs will then follow. Buy. Every. Dip.
Saw your posts when NQ dropped 2% that night. Did you realize gains
Add other girls to your ever growing rotation of hoes. Never put too much value on one girl.
😂
really? remember everyone saying the same shit about Biden winning?
No I was referring to Yunnan(云南）. Nio is based in Anhui Hefei
Trading 212
Too much text :-(
What’s the summary?
You people are missing $kndi literally just approved to sell in the US, approved for government subsidy for years now.
[deleted]
This is the shit I was saying would happen when Elon went to China. The nationalism is very strong so naturally they’ll pick their own brands over outside brands and it also gave the government there access to his methods. Tesla Puts confirmed.
Wow you have big balls
this sub always makes popular but i have no idea what this means or what you all are talking about
Hey man it’s okay
[removed]
Never sell!!
I guess, never played the Wii one, so I can't compare. Definitely built enough into this to keep the RPG aspect interesting
Pretty simple really, they sell covered calls on nasdaq 100 stocks and use the premium for a dividend.
If this rings true not only have I been blessed by Jpow and his stimulus, but also by the power of reddit, and stumbling on this post in between the porn
By getting in a few weeks ago
Limk
https://cathiesark.com/ark-funds-combined/trades

No
“That someone bought me” ...you wouldnt own it or have opinion without that factor
The higher the market cap the harder to make incredible gains like that
i feel so ashamed. I was really expecting a decent correction due to blue GA and was completely wrong. Someone take me out of  this casino. Not that I'll have much money left anyways :(
Some retard gave this repost a platinum. Good job
I will...one day
[deleted]
Wow no wonder we see getting our asses kicked by china...never seen DD this nice!
Drunk on early morning scotch?
Happy with my gains in the last 6 months…
>fraudulent economy


Yikes, imagine thinking that in a country with one of the highest salaries in the world, the most millionaires per capita and tons of immigrants just lining up wanting to immigrate. The economy is not a scam or fraud, it's people dividing labor, being productive and consuming. 



To answer your question: Recover to past employment levels and recover metrics such as GDP
The autististness is strong in this one.
Idk about investing in china with potential accounting frauds and trade war.. good dd tho
NIO is the one Chinese stock I own from converting a call. I made a ton off the calls. But I kept one for the shares. On pullbacks I bought more. The more I learn the more I want that Nio ET7. NIO going to 200 & beyond. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
G I K 🚀🚀🚀🚀
You could've easily turned that ship around in '03-'04
Even if ur not “together”... can’t trust that. Will only cause issues in the future if you do officially get together
Don't worry man, them shares are only worth $1.15 million today.
I would take some profits, personally  sell $100k.
It's not overblown. The only thing stopping the CCP from nationalizing all of BABA is that everyone would sell every other equity in response and the highest levels of the investor class is almost entirely people with political connections. Instead, they'll take what they can get without crashing the markets as a warning to fintechs who pose any sort of alternative to a strictly controlled government run currency and banking system. The question is will they undershoot or overshoot their target and that is the bet we can make right now. I agree with you that they will undershoot to be conservative and BABA will thrive.
Or they see the obvious outcome of Tesla's tech. 

And for long have you been saying this/how much gains did you miss?
Sell
When they split the stock back in June, I was seriously thinking about buying 10 shares. Now I’m kicking myself in the ass about it
What percentage of your net worth do you have invested in NIO, TSLA, and Chinese companies respectively? Are you at all concerned of another Luckin Coffee scenario?
Maybe you should talk to her about it
It means some dark shit
I saw 24 🚀. I'm all in.
Are you referring to the province where NIO is based?
Tsla is almost 1 trillion and all of mainstream media is behind it now. No ones saying anything like its overvalued anymore. We all know it is. Its just a rocket ship
That makes a hell of alot of sense
[removed]
So like any of his rest of the press conferences? Nothing new here
Buy PLTR. Got it.
EVs are for TikTok retards
Reported, reposting prick, I would respect a gay bear more that’s you
Make it mid Feb
Sending $100k to me would definitely be the second best $100k you ever spent... /s
In all honesty I wish I took the time to understand how the stock market works but I’ll probably do what I do best and keep putting it off for another day. Congrats
Rip Calif
Make sure to get a little vale in there too
You sound like me
Sundial Growers
Murica
Hahahahaha
Keep locking up float, my man. At least the squeeze thesis becomes more likely. 🚀🚀🚀
Trump has a verified onlyfans account
No sir, Taiwan numba 1
I am waiting for tsla to make a nice looking suv. I have a thing for suv and coupe. Sedans can suck it
Source you CCP scoundrel
$SQ will hit a trillion mc within the next 3 years

anyone who doesn't have money in this is a fool, straight up.
$50 by February
Adress the natiom to say how unfair it is and saythat mark, tim? Jeff and sundar are meanies.
nice price target calculation
Where can one buy this type of 'fuck it' energy?
Nuke Palo Alto and San Fran- don’t doubt the 🥭
If it didn’t get delisted, it would have stonked
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List\_of\_most-followed\_Twitter\_accounts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most-followed_Twitter_accounts)

&#x200B;

Trump was 7th on the list of most followed. There isn't another conservative in the Top 10, hell i'm not sure there is one in the top 20. 

Trump needs Twitter more that Twitter needs Trump.
https://asia.nikkei.com/Business/China-tech/Ant-eyes-holding-company-structure-under-regulatory-pressure bullish for $BABA??
Question. Are 400c 1/15 on SPY a good idea. My semi retarded brain has rubbed it’s two brain cells together and realised a potential Stimmy dropping on Thursday makes stonks go up.
Wtf
No one was talking about this at all. Everyone’s attention was on clean energy, weed, GME and palantir
First letter of each new line in your post is cut off. Very artsy.
[deleted]
Recover to what❔

This fraudulent economy broke in the 80s again in 2000 & again in 2008 😳

Ⓜ️🇺🇸♿️🅰️ how❓
[removed]
Probs. twee.. oh wait
Buy 3 more shares. Needs to be divisible by 9.
Big and huge if true
Look at the OPs comments it’s a bot
Thanks for the DD.  I've been very bullish on NIO and TSLA (with a trailing stop loss).
[deleted]
This won’t stop me from continuing to spend my dads money
Tomorrow ?
Your stamina makes me sick
Now known as the CCP
Upvote if you don’t have an electric car.
Big if true.  Never thought of Cathie as a value investor but BABA is at that point.
Imagine not thinking the retarded Tesla gains people made wouldn’t be used to blast NIO into the moon
What is this, advertisement?
*points to fair elections and democracy*
You're putting way too much faith in the majority of humanity acting rational. A lot of "analog drivers" will be total assholes to these cars just because they can. Waiting to turn left? If you see a Tesla coming go ahead and pull out, it'll stop for you. Want to have a laugh? Cut off that autonomous taxi and watch it swerve off the road to avoid you.
They are stonks
The end "autistic squeeling"
They're just testing ideas I think...they would never go with it...but it creates hype nevertheless and Apple lives off the hype.
I’m just worried about that AH drop. Hoping for a good PM tomorrow morning.
Actually it’s https://www.eftps.gov/eftps/
So how do I join dem stock bets from EU without getting ripped off by the middleman?
That's a lotta rockets 😳
Yes.
Dollar is dead so pump it up.
Looking at corn gang, steel gang, pigs (eh fuck why are my spare ribs at 27 bucks a kilo) ... Uh do we have a wood gang (yeah but the precious metal gang can fuck off)


If the fed can't get their inflation this year some shit must be fucking wrong with their math.
Retard
There’s nothing to regret with buying a 300k house. Enjoy yourself with living in it, not like life will be that much better with 2.6 million IMO
Total newb here interested in getting some nio shares tomorrow. Best to just buy as many shares as I can first thing in the morning or put in a limit order and see if it does a dip to maybe 50? Thoughts?
Oh yeah thats bad byt i can still understans with the pandemic
What can he possibly do at this point?
>125

$20,000,000 today and I even rounded down the extra $625k, this level of retardation is beyond astronomical, you have entered the 5th dimension my friend.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List\_of\_most-followed\_Twitter\_accounts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most-followed_Twitter_accounts)

&#x200B;

Trump was 7th on the list of most followed. There isn't another conservative in the Top 10, hell i'm not sure there is one in the top 20. 

Trump needs Twitter more that Twitter needs Trump.
It split around $4000 last year.  If it didn't then it would be about $4900 right now. (don't quote me on that). So basically she is predicting a price of $3000 by 2024 unless it splits again this year which I think it will.
🤣🤣🤣 “也沒有racism” 我要笑死了。

其他內容感覺都沒問題，但如果你覺得沒有 racism 就覺得你根本不懂什麼叫racism。中國人本來就非常racist，偏見性特別強。
Fair point, agree with you there my dude 🔥🔥
We fucked moms hard back then
I wish I could talk myself into believing in a non-squeeze rocket for GME. 

Can you cite a single other struggling B&M that successfully made this transition? Especially in the face of AMZN and WMT being able to do the exact same thing except they already have profitable infrastructure to execute.
What mango gonna do to retaliate against fang this week? No chance he doesn’t at least try something.
That's my theory but dont say it too loudly, itll scare alot of TSLA bulls here
Tbh I haven't looked at Icln holdings in awhile. I think we get alot of green hype and with the dems controlling everything they might throw stupid money at it via the green new deal or something. But Biden is still a corporate guy imo so I don't expect oil to die overnight. It's possible though could be similar to when the govt paid isps to build fiber and they just pocketed it. Maybe they pay all these green companies and they just take the money and pad the books.
🇺🇸💵🇺🇸 👉👌, 🔺🐻🐼🐻‍❄️🔺 👉👌

🔚 ✝️3️⃣🦻 🚹🅰️🛴🎋
I will take that as a huge compliment, thank you!
Agreed
This is not the time to be concerned for the deficit or national debt. We can talk about that in 2-3 years. Right now it's all about making sure the economy recovers as quickly as possible.


Austerity has its advantages, but righr now it would be a horrible move
it just needs a 10-for-1 split
Genuine question: What would make anyone switch from steam to GameStop?

I mean, centralized everything gaming would be interesting, but then again: “Best I can do is $5 for this brand new AAA game you are trying to sell us”

The brand is basically a meme amongst older games, which honestly worries me a bit since I haven’t read anything regarding these aspects in these analyses.

Still, all the rocket fuel to you and may we be cursing your gains in the future.
Americans like thicc
Is Russia now. 💪🏼
Text her the entire script of the bee movie
Yep, don't think I'll ever get over this past week.

Bought a 1 x 755c on Monday for $1000. Sold it for $1,600 the next day. Was worth $16,000 on Friday.

Bought 8 x 840c @ 1.21 on Thursday morning for $968. Sold an hour later for $1,680 (8 @ 2.10). Would have been worth about $36,000 on Friday.
Yes
If you have a deep pocket, go get a LEAP...any leap will print if you take it in reasonable range...like 1000 0r 1100

If not, buy a weekly that you can afford.
[deleted]
Where’s Jack Ma?
1/15 1150c
Speculation is what we do best here!
Are my 19/2 calls going to moon as well or only my shares?
Reddit's search function is pure shite
They said it couldn't be done....


!Remindme 10years.
Have fun scaling out to large scale with battery swap  being a core component.

C E L L   C O N S T R A I N E D   M U C H
Fomo into Tesla
Lol nice. Technically a leap is over a year. Longterm Equity AnticiPation Secutities
Will the TSLA sellers go to NIO for another trip to the moon? 🚀
Lol BAN!
I hope NIO can localize and bring the cars to the US.  They're really nice.  I was driving Korean cars when everyone said they were garbage (they weren't), Nio looks like a high quality product for the price.
Their valuation implies a global presence. Especially if they're gonna grow more and be worth investing in.
I want to hang out with all the cool girls in gender studies bro
It's either red or black or 0 or 00.

Anything more than that is delusion.
[deleted]
I’m selling... some 16 puts
Pork. All pork.
This made me laugh
[deleted]
William Li
Buy calls on NIO but hedge with shares too just to be safe
Dude, did you even read what I wrote?
I heard people saying your not allowed to even short it but who knows never trust anything you read here
What????
Get out before bubble pop > wait for pop > stonks on sale > run it up again
It is really sad that you think these autistic analysts know what they are doing. Isnt it interesting that as the price grows so do the targets? Its cause they pump the stock price so they can sell their bags to retards like you. Good luck with getting your brains to not be smooth anymore.
We good
Jesus at 1:15:

"What is AAPL?"

"A stonk"

AND THE KID ACTUALLY IS SAYING STONK

MY SIDES
Same bro im in
Math degree you can basically do anything in finance, engineering, research, business, etc.  Why would you switch?
All in TSLA
I test drove their Xpeng P7, thought it’s a fantastic car for its price, and they are also backed by Baba financially too
Wishing everyone a great weekend and hope you guys are green next week!!!!!
Cathy woods from @ARKInvest buys $2,000,000 worth of Alibaba $BABA on Friday

True????
If you're not mega mega bullish then what are you?
Leave
Fuck no, pro green energy dems in office, solid healthy price growth, literally cant go titties up.
Do a Google search for: section 1256 spx reddit
Tesla’s batteries last quite a while.
If you're going to buy high at least buy over a a week out
Buy puts on her and let the market do it’s thing
[deleted]
I feel personally attacked by this video 😳😳😳
Imo no. I thibk qqqj passes 34.4 by June but what do I know?
Nice try CCP!
Wait 800c was only 132$? That is it? When did tsla calls become this cheap????
Yes, half the people who bought nio wanted to buy Tesla but didn’t. Think oh, it’s,the next Tesla. Who’s the next Apple. The next amazon. There will only be one. 

The 9 rejected you and now you’re in bed with a 4.
It just takes a good marketing team to do that just like every foreign brand that has ever penetrated a new market have done.
Ok you killed me with this one. Award deserved
Ah yes, the old pump and dump on a huge Chinese EV stock with volume of 50+ million shares a day that has already gone up 1,000% this year.  God you sound like a conspiracy theorist chucklefuck.
 Post positions
I know this will piss some people off, but the best Apple could do was collab with Hyundai? Really?
Teach me all you know
No racism in gambling bro. Everyone free to go retard
[deleted]
It's lottery tickets bro . Don't panic
This has been a very entertaining morning dump. Ty
i just use it instead of water. Utilities have gone down and my skin has a healthy black tone
Mercedes, you mean the car with constant electrical failures before 100k miles?  Have you owned a Mercedes?  There’s a reason people who can afford them lease them, and wanna bes buy used models that go to crap as they can’t afford the repairs that pile on.

But yeah, Panel  gaps.
With knowledge.

That's why so many of you end up losing 20k to 0 in 1 day. 

Lol weeklies.
Imagine not having 820c 1/15
I'm gonna give him the benefit of the doubt and say that he already 100% knows, but you can't exactly put nuclear reactors on people's rooftops. I dunno, I'm smart enough to know nuclear is the best option overall, but too stupid to figure out how it can be done.
NIO parts supplier is wish.com 😂
I have always stayed away from the Chinese EV craze but this DD sold me, buying leaps Monday .
Would it be dumb if I bought 6
you can't buy puts... not sure of you can short it, never shorted anything before
[removed]
Narrator: *it went tits up. Because op went into chinese stonks and xi went into op*
I’m holding both, depends on your risk tolerance
Xpev is more of a competitor to Tesla than Nio.
💵 ❣️💲 🚮
Fuck it. If the rich can make millions and billions on this shit, I should be able to make thousands.
Had to look up 6MWE and some other shit I saw on flags and t shirts. Jesus Christ...time to buy a gun. Calls on SWBI/RGR ? Or will this not be a catalyst?
Post that "My neightbor's ES6" pic with your username on a piece of paper in the frame and a lot more of us will believe you. And trust me, we *want* to believe you.
[removed]
Yeah except if Chinese stocks get delisted
why not?
Just cop those July ones with me. I’m loaded up on $34 and &35 😎
Link?
Nah, most of that was priced in with the “V-shaped recovery,” since they’ve hit ath they have started trading like they used to - sideways and up *sometimes.*

Still solid buys for long holds
There are two old sayings in Chinese: a clumsy denial resulting in self-exposure; a very poor lie which reveals the truth; protest one's innocence too much. It’s not harmful to learn some Chinese culture before investing in Chinese stocks.
I still can’t get over the fact that $132 spent on TSLA 800C at close on Tuesday would have netted you $17k at fridays peak. Pain.
CLOV has $20 PT according to BOA analyst. Will hold on to my shares until $20.
You can withdraw the excess contribution and any income it received before filing your tax return. You may have to pay federal income tax on the earnings but since it’s only been there for less than two weeks it shouldn’t be a lot in earnings where 10% won’t be the end of the world.
Tax free here in canada
Thank you for your service
Wuah! Thank you for the description. The best I got so far. Going to try degiro now. This is more of a hobby I try to get in - you know? Gets you something to do in these times :)
This sub is always bullish on Sunday. Friday Saturday after a pump it becomes bearish lol
Interesting point. Just to follow on the government subsidies I think their are some other interesting effects too. Talking about corn, the ethanol subsidies basically make food more expensive. Because it is a major feed stock for food, also since more farmland will be dedicated to supporting ethanol it makes other at products more scarce hence increasing prices. It basically hits the lower income/fixed income people harder because it inflates their food costs.

I personally believe the student loan crisis and higher education costs are directly correlated to when student loans become widely available. It caused more dollars to chase the same resources because more people could “afford” an education. So we have basically seen hyper inflation in higher education costs and a shortfall of technical blue collar jobs.

Like you said though there is absolutely no political will in DC on both sides with few exceptions they are only interested in maintaining their seat. It amazes me you have people who have been there 30-40 years and now they are going to change Washington... yea right.
What makes you think Xpeng will be big?
Yessir
Short Nio Li Xpeng Tesla then :)
[deleted]
He didn’t even want to invest in Apple. It was one of his underlings that finally convinced him.
Then elon is a poor man
1) 🗂 ➡️ 🗑 

2) ➕ ⛽️ ➕ 🔥🔥🔥
Lol fuck that shit. I’m hoping to get a job doing some engineering shit or crunching some numbers
Wish you would have done this like back in March or when stock at $2.50
Ps5***
How about don’t tell people to buy a stock that just ran over 50% in the past week...even when if you’re right, still way to risky. You’re probably selling your contracts in the morning
Who is the papa musk of NIO? That we might show homage and praise him for bestowing tendies upon us?
top is near
I agree, wsb is looking for the 20x in a week
No
Lol VPN my man.
I thought you couldn’t short it
there are no options available
Tho aesthetics is more subjective, I think ET7 is one of the best looking EV sedan in the market, second to Porsche Taycan
I wish i got in last week
Bought at open Friday. I'm up.... For now.
Anyone else get depressed by all these GME and PLTR posts knowing they ain’t going anywhere
1050c March 19
Only if you like money
Will probably sell the nios to exercise tsla calls
Lmao the cars look like a chunkier version of tesla
ICLN LEAPS are decently priced. Im seriously considering buying a few Jan 2022 $34c at $800 per contract.
But 1 contract @ $28 would be a $2800 premium so i still don't get it?
Damn, 20k? That shit doesn't even buy you the cheapest 1-series BMW here in German. Even excluding taxes.
Thanks for the Nio/Xpeng comparison.
To just listen to ray dalio
Out of all stocks u decided to put 55k in game stop 😂
[deleted]
yes
Atm tsla leaps if you believe in elon
!remindme 4 days
>She survived hawk attack twice!

Damn, no nets allowed? D:
Great info retard, the only downsize to any Chinese stock is what if US pull the plug in future.
Not sure if I will get a cheeky answer or not, but here is a legit question:. What is a leap? How do you buy them?  I can't find good info about them in my fidelity app.
[deleted]
Sell 7 percent at a time over the next few months
go for it
Reminder: Rug Pull Monday, triple CB

Jk long weed, clean energy, genomics
Ni hao kai lan
You guys think that AMZN and AAPL can keep up the 70ish% gains in 2021?
Yea. Thought I kinda knew what I was doing.
>Germans will never get over the Chinese tag.

Yes, this will be a problem. But even Audi engineers conceeded that ES6 is good quality. Doesn't matter If the consumer still wants the Audi/BMW/Mercedes Tag. But Hyundai and Kia had the same Problem 10-20 years ago. Now look how many of these are driving around in Germany today.

>Let alone the EV tag

Am German and Drive a Tesla ;)
Interest in EVs has been on the rise for the last 2 years. Even some of my most hardcore Petrolhead friends (trackdays with the motorcycle and so on) are talking/thinking about Electric Cars.


>Also the high class is mainly leased company cars.

Yes, so is my Tesla.  I doubt anybody will choose Nio in the upper class, but price and taxation wise it would make a lot of sense. If the car costs less than 60.000€ (I believe) and is an BEV you only pay 0.25% for the car in additional taxes. So one could get a company paid for Nio for the monthly price of a regular Peugeot, Opel etc.
School teacher.
I’ll be very frank, if you didn’t say you were chinese I would have read this thinking it was written by a primarily English speaking dude
Would like 90s clinton back to fix the deficit.
I have some calls on AMD. Nothing special just calls
I NEED BABA TO GAP UP TO 245 BY OPEN THAT IS NOT TOO MUCH TK ASK
Frothy??
I'm seeing it on Google Play as "NIOWe (Early Access)"
Everyone else is going to do it. Probably won't be much return for retail after the fees
How many of you guys have to pay up cap gain taxes and your money is in TSLA 15/1 900c...
Did you guys see that NIO post from someone living in China? I am selling everything I own and puting it all into leap calls. IDGAF, it cannot possibly go tits up
Might get more return from puts
Light and gravity is the only kind of signal/wave that can traverse space. The universe is full of noise on all sorts of frequencies. So you know those big ass antenna dishes pointing towards space? Those things constantly pickup signals every second they are running. Of these signals, the only thing that would be cool is if any bit of it is intelligent signal.
I thought NIO was going to release something to compete with the Model 3, but it doesn’t appear that they have anything in that price range?!?
Starring Remy Lacroix
"I am the n00b now."
Gonna put 20bags on Nio after reading this
Taxes are too steep esp if you realize millions in gains. I'm going for the long play, exercise and sell after 2025
900 1/15
🐍🪙🐍
Watch him though, the moment he capitulates = SELL
Good idea to buy 100 SRPT shares?
[deleted]
Well, the base-base S Class is 110k € in Spain, so the electric is not going to be even close to 80k. More like twice that.

However, I don't agree with much of your comment. I don't know about the Merc but the build quality of the Tesla is definitely crappier than an Audi A6, 510 hp is more than enough for any luxury sedan so acceleration is anything but important, and tech in the Tesla is definitely not great (their glorified lane assist doesn't even work with European roads, so thank god the regulations cripple it massively around here).

The Tesla is an American car to the American taste. Plush, soft and comfortable, fast on a straight line, with a lot of flashy media technology, but poorly manufactured overall.
someones going to have another holiday added to the calendar i see
no no no! we must be fiscally conservative! how else will we uhh keep down the deficit? Furiously tries to erase any documents from the last tax break
It’s a great company regardless, great time to buy
Aw bless. Look at the hatred of yourself that bubbles forth from your doubtless friend-zoned barely pubescent mind.
You are very welcome
So what’s the next $500 TSLA play? Asking for a friend
When you only read the tldr
Made it up until that part. Can't blame them, community is a good selling point
[deleted]
Solid DD gonna buy calls on Monday open bell
🅱️✝️©
Curious to know, any autists still here from March who bought up metric tons of oil shares when they were worth -$1 and are still holding? Did you buy a warehouse to hold all those drums or are you using oil drums as furniture at this point?
DAILY TSLA CALLS CONFIRMATION BIAS CHECK!!

SOUND OFF BOYS
Great write up. People underestimate the service/community. In strong on NIO already, buying more.
Why would you sell?
Trust me I want to be a bear but Tesla is next level. I have no skin in the game.
ICE has entered the Chat
You just confronted him but he sold 2000 shares for the same gains.

What do you do?
Nobody tell him 🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫
Im in.
🤔
From where you are right now face a direction where you cant see a product that china hadnt been part of. I’ll wait..
Hahaha
Hypothetically...I think that’s overly convoluted and risky. Any advice I give would have you far less levered up than you are in this scenario. You wanna buy a house? Lock in some gains on the TSLA (assuming this position is long term) —at least enough to put 20% down on the house, which should get you just about the best rate possible on a mortgage (or close to it). And that is the most aggressive scenario I could possibly envision. More likely, I would be advising to take more off the table and invest in a broader, more diversified basket of equities. Would selling half of the position give you FOMO? Well you’d still have $950k of Tesla left, which is still an outrageous amount of exposure, and still gives you plenty of upside in the event that Tesla continues kicking ass. And if it doesn’t? You’ll be damn glad you took enough off the table to give you a respectable portfolio outside of the Tesla position. Which, btw, would also have a quite high expected return over the long run. This is all to say: this isn’t Monopoly money, as tempting as it is to feel that way when you’re looking at gains on a screen that keep growing in defiance of anybody’s expectations. You should give real thought to all possible permutations of the future and tailor your strategy accordingly.
I read a book ten years ago about options but didn't drop the hammer on them until rona
Yeah, I totally agree from the math perspective. Only reason it's tempting is the feeling of being debt free. Recently paid my car loan off and just having that payment of a few hundred per month going away is pretty nice. Knowing that if stuff went bad and I lost my job that I wouldn't owe anyone anything.
it’s just so perfectly balanced. Bouta take some dabs after breakfast and play all day
I despise Luckin as much as all of you here, and so do the majority of Chinese. But amercia also had Enron and such. Why hating on every Chinese companies if one of them was shit?
It’s more than 1T🥴
You know what I mean
Really appears America’s only option here is to print print print or am I missing something major❔

How will 2021 or any year beyond be “better” given the unrestricted deficit spending occurring every year since the late 80s❓
What does diamond handing mean ?
Betsy DeVos enters room
EVs are simple af,anyone can, and seems will produce. Enjoy the NIO, nice car. Just check out HummerEv. The ICE carmakers will not disappear,and will not disappoint with 100+ys of experience. It just takes time
Obviously not autistic enough for WSB stop speaking sense Sir
I’m gonna switch my degree from mathematics to gender studies bruh. Ain’t no money in this shit 😤
how long do the batteries last in a new one?
Thanks, just spent hours bingeing those stories
I have all sorts of puts on TSLA this rally is not sustentable. However TSLA is in it’s own league and know it could continue to go up for not particular reason.  

SOOOO placed a hedge by buying Calls in ARKK 10% TSLA exposure and the other 90% in other highflying stocks.  

If you want to play TSLA (calls or puts) ARK could be a good proxy.  Less IV cheaper and they also move.  But it’s a question of time before TSLA does have a significant pullback
[deleted]
[deleted]
Then why is your account so new???
Just hop on
10Cent will thrive. Cathy Wood is buying up. Follow the prophecy. Gaming Is going nowhere but up
Tesla did changing batteries and realised it’s a shit idea. There are clear reasons why Tesla did not decide it was worthwhile, economically viable, etc. 

China won’t be able to sell to America. They will probably also struggle in Europe. Ever seen a Chinese car? I haven’t. Tesla build quality is questionable, how bad will Nios be?

Here’s another one for you EV nuts too. Everyone is blind to normal car manufactures. If VW, if Ford, Honda, all the Germans etc. Swap the engine for a motor. Oh look, it’s a fucking EV company and they’ve been making cars for 80 years. Better cars than these. 

Btw - I own Tesla. I’ve made 100%+ and I bought it for self driving, power and Elon. I actually couldn’t care less about the EV side of things. It’s a way to make money for better things. Anyone can make an EV.
[removed]
[removed]
can anyone tell me why its a bad idea to use my whole margin to short SIGL shares (the unrelated penny stock that exploded because elon musk tweeted about signal messenger)
[deleted]
Your English is better than a lot of Americans 😆😆😆, don't knock it.Thank you for this DD.
[removed]
🦾🦾
[deleted]
Found it kinda odd I had to scroll this far.
When tf did he buy these calls. I always see tesla calls regardless if its wayyy otm over 1k. Unless its a debit spreads
Right. I was walking down the street yesterday and saw a 4 door Porsche parked in front of my building. Too bad newer cars all have GPS tracking n shit. Wish my car had something like that
Mmmm daddy we love free monies
Not sure whether you work or not? Retard
You're the one trying to hate on a stock based solely on the country of origin and brought up the pandemic...or does your memory not extend past 30min...but hey, there's always one clueless, hypocritical, and ignorant poster in every thread with a fragile ego who thinks "retard" is an insult, as if we're back in the 5th grade. Looks like I found you. 

Enjoy your shitty Ford gains and shitty transmissions! Bye! 😂👋
Censors don’t prevent Reddit in China?
Its got Jack Ma, Jet Li, Donnie Yen and Tony Jaa... shit I can only get so hard
[deleted]
Not a bear but this sub is mega mega bullish kinda scary.....
A lot can change in 3 days
[deleted]
I’m not particularly talking about intelligent signals, but any sort of signal or wave (maybe even light)
Blood on the streets is the time to buy, or rona on the sheets
well what’s shit is that there probably are a good 10-20 million people who desperately need money to pay their overdue rent, food and that shit. But then there’s the millions of us employed guys with no responsibilities who spend it on shit or put in the market. Mines going to NiO, TSLA and QCLN.
People will upvote anything that confirms their bias and uses buzzwords. The hydro power image made me laugh, even tho they produce a ton of energy it isn’t enough for a cold spell, that was like three weeks ago. Massive rolling blackouts and all.
🚀
Holy fuck. That comeback was so bad I just got 1997 AOL chat room nostalgia.
Tesla = shooting fish in a tendies barrel.
I agree it’s sitting at a high price rn, but I gave up using fundamentals in this crazy market man.  Hopefully this EV bubble won’t crash as terribly as the .com bubble did anytime soon.
[deleted]
Latest tesla V3 charger(250kw) only takes 10mins to charge model 3 to 80%. They technology is only going to improve. I don't see the benefit of battery swap at that point. It's so much  easier just to install 10charing station than one battery swap station where they have to wait in line behind other cars. Don't get me wrong. Nio is awesome here.
How does this affect my weeklies?

r/lostredditors
This.  Always check how long they've been registered against what they are saying in the comment's section.  OP's words do mismatch.
Of course it's possible. It just happens to be illegal and you can get locked up for it IF you're caught. Would not recommend.
[deleted]
Bullish
For all the dogshit stocks this subreddit peddles, Nio isn't so bad. But keep spamming that ticker in the weekly so someone buys your expiring calls
What about SLX?
Steal a similar car and claim it as your own. Problem solved.
Tbf civ 5 is freaking amazing! I was introduced to it and baba yettu through a youtube channel called yogscast. Every weekend my ritual was after taking care of morning chores, listen to baba yettu while the game loaded up and spend at least the whole day playing civ. 

I was addicted mann. Fun times those were
Obviously ccp trying to fuck with retards on the internet big brain strat
I bought PLTR at $14 and sold at $13
[deleted]
I sure fuckin hope that a niche car company will not have sufficient leverage to go to Congress for a bailout after they bilked billions of dollars from investors. What is their argument? Bail us out because we have a few thousand employees and no union?
The stock was 380ish strikes were 500ish
900c 1/15 🤫
1/15 880c
it really is
[removed]
2013 Subaru Outback with like 150,000 miles on it. But it had been drove on the high way by my dad for all those miles, so she was really tip top. Had a sick sound system in it and everything. My car was next to 8 other cars just like it. I got a call from someone else whose car had been broken into but not stolen, and they found paper work from my car in their lawn. They even sent me a ring video of some asshole in a hat and hoodie breaking into their car. Fuck people like that. It blue booked at $9k and I had just put my stimmy check into repaired it, while my parents threw another $1600 into the maintenance. Now one week later, it’s gone, and all I could afford was liability because my partner and I have two cars but are broke as shit. I swear I would take that fuckers meth needles and inject chlorine and bleach into his eyes. I’m sure it will turn up eventually, in another state with a shit in the backseat.
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
l have a call spread for this week, and a straight up put for 1/22 expiry. Am expecting mucho volatility over the next 10 days. Wild times, these.
[deleted]
Didn't read all that, just clicked on first picture, spotted nio logo, noticed similarity to PLTR logo. CALLS IT IS!
You can invest in China by investing in American companies that also invest in China. 

IE invest in designed in USA and made in China companies.
Son?
[removed]
🎏®️👄🚹🈂️🤸
I wonder how many times you tried this and lost before it actually worked
I have to agree with them. I’m not keen on buying a $69k car and then having to rent the autonomy. But I’ve also never leased a car. So if you figure 100,000 cars sold and assume 10% are willing to pay for autonomy, that’s an extra $1M/mo in recurring revenue.
[deleted]
You spelled United States wrong. 🇺🇸🦅🎆
Bro did you hold your yolo? You should’ve made a bank by now
Idk man, loads of people swear by huawei and that brand that made One(?) In my part of europe. If they can beat the tesla pricing i can see it being popular.
Give credit
I really appreciated your post and thought it was very insightful. Please educate me... China cannot do these things? They have not done them in the past? I’m not the least bit skeptical of rhe company, just that it could all be taken away (and bye-bye to my investment) literally overnight. I am ignorant, but I don’t want to stay that way. Thanks for replying.
Maybe I am a 🌈🐻 after all...
Wouldn't the customer only be paying for the battery in their car? Those 13 batteries are idle to me.

Also batteries depreciate like crazy and if you're renting, NIO is paying for it.

The more I look into NIO the more I think it's an unreal deal for the customer but not that good for NIO, then again, CCP won't let them fail.

I also dislike their autonomous announcement, camera megapixels are irrelevant, using Nvidia chips instead of one designed for autonomy, expensive hardware like a Lidar sensor and a super computer but nothing really said on data collection or software which is more important.

I doubt the average investor gets all this though, stock will pop next week.
I can’t comment on that as I’m not professional trader. I’m holding long terms so don’t really care short term volatility. I’d suggest find a good entry point and buy in if you believe in this company long term
The printing is feeding the bubble.
Ouch, this is what single mothers result to.
Grindr
 I agree with all your points above and NIO sounds like it's in for the long haul but its already nearly 100B company.  We are pricing these companies like they are gonna take out every major legacy auto maker AND somehow generate 10x more value along the way (looking at u TSLA)?? It makes no sense to me. NIO is already #4 in the world and don't even get me started on Tesla. Where is RIVIAN and LUCID gonna sit? XPENG, Li? 

There is a really good chance this will moon in the short term, but man when this train hits a bump in the road the entrie EV sector is gonna be such a shit show.
I have 13 calls. Most are $1,000 2/5. A few $900 1/15
I believe it
We all will - that’s why It wont
I don't see the demand. How often are people replacing their Tesla's? If I bought one, fucking thing better last for at least ten years cuz  I don't own anything newer than that right now
Nice post. I’ll actually do more DD on NIO thanks to you!

to the 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Now I wonder if the weebs would have had a shot at Area 51.
Are the rumours true? Will the next bang bus be filmed in the luxurious NIO ES8? 🤤
Soon when Ai overlord appears which will k ow everything , like t guy below says - combined knowledge of all humans - and More, you won’t need to to do anything, so don’t worry 😉
$NIO leaps, anyone? Should I go for 2023?
> practices wsb anthem in Russian

I fucking lost it
Thank you fellow retard
[deleted]
so i’ve heard too but CIV 5 still has got me
Damn son
Two words: Luckin Coffee
NIO is a better rocket than TSLA.
Any idea when he will announce?
How about to check out the child labors in Vietnam and Cambodia manufacturing goods for the Americans?  Why using one bad example to judge the entire country? Why so much hate?
If you only got shares (and depending on the amount you could average down).  Or could also sell your shares and use that money to buy the Feb 19 $10 Call with a break even of $12.  Worst case you could by the shares at the same $12 average you have.  But I could almost guarantee volatility will spike up.  With that said unlike any other stocks / ETF’s all volatility ETF’s could rally like crazy for a couple of hours and then drop right back.  

On Monday of last week the UVXY was up 15% just to see it drop the rest of the week to see it drop to it’s 52 week lows.
Who cares. Both stocks are doing well.
[removed]
Thank you for the effort you took to do this Notccpbot, appreciate the first hand perspective.  Well done.
You had honestly better hope it doesn't. 

If a niche car company has that kind of leverage by sheer virtue of bubble pumping, then we might as well close the book on fair markets. 

As mentioned below, Tesla going bankrupt is not a risk to Main Street. It is a risk to Wall Street.
What's the best mobile app in the UK for buying call options?
iBKR
Bullish AF
You are absolutely right!
[removed]
There is a 12 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 5 days on [**2021-01-15 01:58:13 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-15%2001:58:13%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku2zrg/i_bought_a_cboe_subscription_gather_up_lads/gipwz52/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fku2zrg%2Fi_bought_a_cboe_subscription_gather_up_lads%2Fgipwz52%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-15%2001%3A58%3A13%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ku2zrg)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Who here has Tesla calls?
Apple x Hyundai collab 🚀🚀🚀
I don't think this is meant to be taken seriously.
is tsla the best berkshire hathaway, 200k+ per share??
What did you buy puts on?
[deleted]
[removed]
Biden introducing  his 1T stimulus on Thursday. 🚀🚀🚀
What's 20 x 867, precious? Eh?
Anal
I was reading about how civ 6 is a much better game now with the dlcs. Got a good deal with the dlcs so snagged a copy
Sounds like solid insight. I like the swap tech. I have a lot of respect for the Chinese as a people. Thanks.
[removed]
Opposite here. I think most big conspiracies are bullshit. Just the number of people you have to keep from spilling the beans for decades of completely improbable
That’s what happens 90% of the time when we push higher last 2 hours
What about baba?
This video actually inspired me into trading when I first saw it
Germans will never get over the Chinese tag.

Let alone the EV tag.

Also the high class is mainly leased company cars.
[removed]
Have you seen the future govt?  Very China friendly.  We'll create a war with someone else instead.
Welcome to the Wastelands, where rampant retarded degeneracy reigns. There are no answers to be found here
I was up all night once with my ham radio and long story short that’s how I got probed
What car was it
Whats the outlook for clean energy and icln?
Anyone else excited for CLOV (Previously IPOC) with Bernie pushing to lower medicare age to 60? Rocket ships for good measure. 🚀🚀🚀
What about their autonomous driving capabilities?
Shenzhen has tons of Tesla and Nio now, she should know pretty well. And thanks, I will look into this company!
Appreciate the DD my brother 🙏
The site was gold ! It was Even in the name. Put it back on pls :)))
Play semis....Qualcomm, Skyworks, Marvell
Digital heroin. One. More. Turn.
Yes. What about it? It's all moot until we actually find intelligent signals
I mean, you are asking a bunch of degens who can't afford most of the premiums for advice. Just set your money on fire and save the stress
💲📍🤷‍♀️. 🇨🇳,🇺🇲,🇮🇳, 🙅‍♂️💅. 🍆💦👯‍♀️, 💵➡️👨‍💻
Literally a repost retard
I’ve heard CIV 6 is trash. But cyberpunk should be good
Those idle batteries that are not in cars have a value to the energy companies as a short term energy bank, kinda like a power wall, just not screwed to the wall.  So long as NIO can always offer batteries at 100% charge to customers, the ones "out back" could still be productive.

The optimum number of batteries to have in stock is clearly the minimum and inventory is waste etc.  On the other hand, batteries are cumbersome to ship between stations.  If you have to have inventory, you may as well make it work for you = non-automotive storage.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
TSLA CEO Musk: would like Tesla to sell 20M vehicles/year in 10 years (v ~499.6K in 2020); Business wire
I'm not envious at all
i thinking people pay off their houses for the psychological benefit
Sometime before the calls expire.
[deleted]
yes
I didn’t know it was fraud, and it was just a question. I already reported the car stolen yesterday when I found only broken glass where I had parked it.
Went in on 1/15 $155 CCI on Friday. May hop on $170s for Feb/March/April dates
WTF?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hi, 

What do you think is the best stock trader in the EU? 

Robinhood has no commission fees? Are there any other better ones?  What do you think? 

Thanks for the info. 

##
icln deep itm
Wo chi le, ni ne? :)
GS went $260’s went $3 to $36
SNOW went $3 to $25

Only do what you’re comfortable with I’d feel horrible if you lost money strictly because you listened to me but this WSB sir and we call this a casino.

Anyways, good luck brother. Remember a $12 premium to $100 is just like getting 12 x $1 calls seeing them spike to around $8.25
Same here. I ALMOST sold it a few weeks ago, but thank god I decided not to. What color Lambo you going to buy?
That et7 looks awesome tbh, I want one.
No NIO position but that is a good looking car
I'm not gonna read all of this, but i think the plan is NIO to the moon?
Yeah I know. My comment was only referring to short term volatility. If it does drop I’m gonna buy the dip.
Nah, it will. Every social platform only gets one generation of people. Next generation never wants to use what their parents and grandparents do. Hot fresh vs old and busted
Cool, didn’t know that. Makes sense though.
Luckin was so criticized in China when they did that. Really damaged the reputation of Chinese companies, fuck them
Sell and put 2 million with a real advisor, then keep the rest for your own fun. That's legitimate retirement money if you don't touch it. Please realize how lucky you actually got and that it probably won't happen again.
I cucked my way to a $600 gain from flipping clams and hams on the buttery online bay.. it's just past the closed down Joe's Crab Shack. Anyway - now that I made some money from the easy up and up market and have some in savings.... what we get now? Boyardee I hear is making Olive Garden look like chumps with this new line of freezer meals they have making their way as an expanse in this C-19 era. Throw a fork in that ravioli if you feel like spending your Holiday V-Bucks into some TSLA. Papa Bless 

&#x200B;

\-XO AL
Mind sharing lol? I’ve got loans to pay
I'm not talking about a correction, I'm talking about a collapse. 

Yes, I do think it will because the irrational exuberance around Tesla is also feeding the SPAC bubble, and even the green energy bubble for that matter. Clean energy was flat for a literal decade. 

Joe Biden is here to restore sanity. He is not here to rock any boats. While renewable energy grid conversion is really probably the only way to grow out of the money we just printed, Joe Biden as a bare majority in the Senate are not going to do anything drastic. They should pass the Green New Deal, but it is a virtual certainty that they won't.
Bet you thought Nio wouldn't go past $5 last year too
Thank you CCP. Will buy more puts on Monday.
Ooooh boi Id be happy.
Thank you sensei.
Maybe he just wants it that way
I’m buying more nio 🆙
Never, ever, ever ask a public forum advice on committing fraud my young friend. Even if someone had the answer you are looking for, they are not going to open themselves up to liability.
This sub was fun while it lasted. All the media attention is now bringing bots and paid shills to peddle garbage. This analysis isn't autistic enough. Take this shit to /r/investing.
Can confirm it was worth it.  👍laughed the airplane part , some serious fandom and fanaticism there 😂
sold nio at 35
I'm OK with propaganda as long as it confirms my bias! J/K. 

Solid cautionary advice. Although, to be fair everyone should be wary of any comments or trading advice everywhere. Be it from Fool, Barron's, or Yahoo Finance. 

I read OP's DD as additional insights from a local where NIO operates and dominates. It could be wrong or the opposite. At the end of the day, the market will decide which way it'll go. Let's hope he's right and all of us NIO investors make gains.
Civ v was my jam before I gave up gaming. This sale season bought civ 6 and cyberpunk. Haven't got the chance to play either but really looking forward to it
And their kids
Petition to open the markets 24/7
Username checks out?
Hey man you’re talking to responsible salad I’m sure they’re responsible
You son of a bitch, I’m in.
Never had a Twitter account. Have ad block. Really think people will pay? Genuinely curious
At the very least it was an entertaining read
So is it better to just buy stock or buy calls?

EDIT: Long term calls
ring fit? what is that the new Wii Fit?
What ticker does Russian child trafficking trade under?
I appreciate OPs optimism and hope it works out for him the whole -leigh family
I'm going GB tomorrow. 🌈
[removed]
If by pumping you mean inflation
“History Doesn't Repeat Itself, but It Often Rhymes”

I'm shorting tesla Monday morning. This valuation is crazy with more car manufacturers coming out with similar specs cars the tesla advantage is over.
Cant wait til we gap up at futures open 🤑
🐐🐐🐐🐐
I’m curious... what are you thoughts on the Jumia transition to a platform more like Sea Limited where they are a third party seller platform? I’m asking bulls and bears questions so would be curious your thoughts? Also, you mentioned the Copal Capital report which I read but this is one tiny chop shop looking boutique firm. What do you make of big investors like Gene Munster recently backing JMIA?
It's just a rough plan for now. In 10 years I will reevaluated based on my life and spending habits ofc.

And its not catastrophic if it does not work out, I would just have to get a job or liquidate some assets and move to a lower living cost place/country.

And if I get bored "doing nothing" I can always go get some job or create some additional income streams from the ideas I have but am to lazy to implement.
This is fucking great
Get yourself a switch and ring fit. I've played every day since Christmas, as a mid-30yo dude. 15 day streak is the best workout length of my life
I already reported the car stolen yesterday. I just had this thought after the matter while lying here in bed. Was hoping when I woke up that it all had been a nightmare. My parents just gave me that car two months ago after I had been without one for years. Just put $2k into maintenance a week ago. Walked out yesterday to leave and there was nothing but broken glass left where it had sat.
[deleted]
That’s because Schwab bought them like a year ago, the merge completed this past October. Pretty big headline to miss
All his money comes from youtube. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-12-22/who-is-mrbeast-meet-youtube-s-top-creator-of-2020
Insurance fraud
If there are random worm holes out in the universe, if we are sending radio transmissions out, wouldn’t it be possible that a radio transmission sent entered a wormhole and was released and kept going somewhere else in the universe? And isn’t it possible that the same thing could happen to us receiving signals?
Nio would never hit 4000.....it’s issued way more stock than Tsla. 4000 nio would make it a 4 trillion dollar company
Bought TSLA at $20 sold at $90... sometimes you just gotta block it out
If you compare market share and vehicle number growth in 2020 it sure does not look like Tesla is going to be dominating the industry.
Anyone else here ever play Civ V? Probably one of my favorite games to play on a day when i have nothing to do. Can’t believe it’s almost 10 years old
I hope this isn’t like how Luckin Coffee was the Starbucks of China. NIO to the moon🚀🚀🚀
I thought everyone could tell this was a marketing piece.
I didn’t read any of this but son of a bitch I’m in 📈📈📈
TMUS
Psychological peace of mind being debt free has some value.... But the numbers of paying it off early definitely don't add up
we’re going to reach heights never seen before in 2021. meanwhile most of the world will be living in huts and killing each other for water
ni chifan le ma?
Tulip Bulbs $69c 1/22
[deleted]
Anyone still hot on 5G stocks?
Thinking of going long on Crown Castle $CCI
Lol..."sown the seeds of its own demise." Meanwhile, the US Supreme Court, the President's own attorney general, and federal courts all rule 50-1 that there wasn't sufficient evidence to warrant election fraud hearings yet the capitol of the "beacon of democracy" was still breached by its ignorant citizens getting dumber at an exponential rate as if that too were an airborne disease. The US per/million death rate of Covid is right there with the economic powerhouse of Bulgaria. 

The first patient with Covid was identified in Jan 2020 and the US still has their thumbs up their ass with a death total projected to be 500,000 by March. 

Come on in! Water's fine!
In my experience, fds are good if there was a huge movement in either direction and it's Wednesday morning or earlier. Monthly good for all other sort of strats.
[deleted]
Finally, something to show my wife!
And the week before that. Really, most people had 4day
I thought it was “TSLA PUTS CAKE” until I realized this retard couldn’t spell calls properly
[deleted]
[removed]
Gonna need a lot from SPACs this year. Thanks for coming to my TED Talk.
My girlfriend's family lives in Shenzhen so I'm going to ask her about the company and look into it further. 

r/ExroTechnologies for your troubles, sir. A good Canadian play.
[deleted]
RIP DOOM
That’s exactly what I said in the post
Most steel products from China have been dumped by the USITC since the early 2000’s. The dumping penalties are so high it’s impossible to bring any of their steel into the US. Duties of 60% to 200% depending on mill and product.  Section 232 really affected Turkey and other European countries more than China. Then  Trump applied the 232 to derivative products (finished goods) - that is what really hit China. That may go away, but I do not believe Biden would get rid of a revenue stream that is bringing billions into US coffers when trillions will be going out in stimulus and infrastructure .  I believe he keeps them for at least the next two years.  Even if they were removed, it doesn’t make the steel cheaper. The tariff is a tax that is put on the goods and then 100% passed on eventually to the consumer.  It has nothing to do with the cost of steel itself, which depending on product are near or at 2008 levels.
I bought in at $5, it crashed down to like $2 after NIO literally cancelled an earnings call, rose back to $5 after getting a loan/cash injection and I got the fuck out  at even. Bought back in at like $15 though.

My buddies that stayed in with $5 cost are up like ~$30k currently. Fuckers.
[removed]
Is nio a buy on monday for a starting position?
Check this walk around of the ET7.  Pay $55k post subsidies for the 100kWh w/ BaaS  and you can take this home....GTFOH!! 🍆💦💦

This is the cost of a base Mercedes E350 with no options...nothing. Forget E350, I'd take the below over an S550.  Luxury OEMS are FUK.


https://twitter.com/cnEVpost/status/1348098023608307712?s=19
And how does that matter? Theres plenty other car manufacturers with EVs
OOOFFF
[removed]
Pro tip- never write this in a reddit forum
Alright bros......stock talk....let’s keep the politics to cnn/foxnews
Flat Earth is the craziest.  Don't forget Bill Gates' villainization because of his vaccine push.  Microchipping people won't a vaccine?? Dafuq?
Tesla bers r ♿️🧠
Sold NIO and LL way back when for 100% gains a few times when they were single digits. But, I only had that opportunity because I had nice profits on LK, and took them a few weeks before the scandal. Always take profits
Wish I had money for awards man.  Seriously appreciate the post and links.
[removed]
That's pretty cool but do you have a pretend superhero for a ceo because that's half of the company's value.
nope
my dad isnt buying this shit cause he says its chinese shit even though hes chinese
What exactly is it to exercise an option?

I've got about 8k set aside right now, and it seems I should learn about investing with Tesla's momentum.
>  better tech

Can you explain exactly what you mean by this? What can the Tesla do that other cars can't?
Just compare the growth and market share of other car manufacturers selling EVs 2020. Volkswagen should be your choice then
Thank you, I will take that as a huge compliment. Lived in the US for many years helped a lot
🇨🇳🐲🇨🇳 ❣️💲 🆕 #️⃣🥇
That would give Apple a 4 Trillion dollar market cap...
[removed]
The Chinese government
“He shorted it?” 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I guess it depends on how you wanna define rich but I would say never having to work a day in his life again is rich.
Just delete the app.
Excellent DD. I'll be sure to buy NIO, and probably MGA as well.
If your car is stolen, is it possible to switch from liability to full coverage before you report the car missing to the cops?
[removed]
🚀 🚀 🚀 

Sorry forgot rockets last time a guy didn’t want to get in because there were no rockets.
Glad to see we’re all in agreement here.
So happy I went in on ICLN Friday when it was cheap. Stimmy hopes could push it to $38 by Thursday
Dump beginning of the week and then pump Thursday-Friday
Lol quite the abuse
I used to teach English, and not for a minute during your post did I think you didn't speak English fluently from birth - great job! I've never understood Nio or the other Chinese car companies valuations, but I do see that they're a cut above the competition now. Thanks for your hard work!
At this point if you're asking that question your way to fomo. Dude 20 x his return

Trailing stop loss at 5 to 10%
🇺🇸💵🇺🇸 ❣️💲 🪦💐 💲🤡 🅿️🖨🈂️Ⓜ️🅿️ ℹ️🚹 🆙 ↗️ 🚀
And a 4 day the weekend before.  Absolute torture
i mean i do that shit too but with monthlies. Weeklies would give me a heart attack
He’s selling in the AM and rebuying in the PM
[deleted]
Title kind of weird OP 🥶
From the Chinese POV, there are some doubts on that at the moment. Most of older generation Chinese people want to entirely own the product instead of “renting” it.  Hopefully it works out for Nio
Gigatard sounds like my new favorite Pokémon and for that reason I’m all in
💱
Bro😂😂😂
Just had a dream nio hit $75 EOW 🚀🚀🚀
SLX
As suggested by Vito
Actually it's not Russia, it's Ukraine
Same shit, different generation. Nothing changes. 

This next crash will be one for the ages.
yes..
"Who gave you the money?"

"your employer"

LOOOLLL!  😂
Wow I guess that’s why the model 3 does so poorly in the Norwegian market
Now I'm really sure my NIO will fly tomorrow!
This is such a stupid argument. Internet is a utility, however unlike other utilities it isn't actually a finite resource. They have taken billions of your tax dollars for infrastructure they never completed. By your logic I should pay more money for watering my lawn than washing my ass.
Pumpin hard.  New stimmy all but confirmed
How do you feel about NET?
I've been bullish on it and buying shares under $80
Love me some pump and dump
I have traveled for free to:

* Norway
* Denmark
* Sweeden
* Greenland
* America
* Canada
* Italy

I have turned down free travels to:

* Portugal
* Spain
* America
* Estonia

It's not that I hate going to other country's I just don't feel a strong need to go to other country's and am indifferent to whether I go to them or not.

Traveling to other country's is fun once you have gone through the slog that is airline travel but I don't seek it out.
Bahahaha never
Later way later to eliminate risk. If your gambler buy ones closer to today's state. But shorter time means they expire sooner more likely to lose your money
The market is forward looking....if nio can really deliver solid state batteries as early as 2022 we have a new Tesla.....quantumscape said 2025 earliest
First time I actually read DD on here and didn't just look for tickets. Well done, I'm in
Netflix started out streaming other people's shit and are well on their way to becoming the new Hollywood. 

700%+ gains and counting because "DISNEY+ IS GONNA COME OUT IN 5 YEARS AND KILL NETFLIX"
Amazing DD. You sold me at NIO house on second floor. I'm in.

NIO $70 Monday
Buy high, sell low.  This is the way.
Really dumb question here, but if there is a split, hold OTM calls or sell before it spilts once it’s announced.
Let’s see the worst plays now.
[deleted]
I agree. Elon Musk doesn't look like someone who would do fraud. He is more tech type of guy. Nothing like other frauds
>but some risk management can help mitigate that (e.g. stop losses or rolling positions)

good luck rolling a spread
It's not real until you sell and make it real! Don't ride it all the way back down! It's never wrong to take profit!
But will your government stop being...well you know
1000c jan 2021
Don't forget your wife's boyfriend.
I think $500 stock would be more like 800 billion. Currently it's $58 for$92 billion market cap.
Just wait until the crash and junk yields to skyrocket. then put your all your money into an actively managed bond fund to maximize your returns for a few weeks before the fed starts their printers
Are you implying that we don't do exactly that? Haha
This is gold
So strangle leaps. Got it.
Spoken like a true autist lolol
Twitter will be less toxic and will start and ad free subscription service. 

TWTR gonna moon next week
It's calm. Stonks only go up.
Nice
Man, you should really research more on China instead of just reading the western propaganda, but again, if you are skeptical, not a bad strategy to stay away from it
Holy fuck its perfect
Why not dumpin and pumpin all at the same time!!!
I googled biggest banks in the World I assume TD America trade is part of TD Bank. They don't even make the top 20 largest banks in the world....so I don't know what you mean by claiming they're one of the largest banks
As is Tesla
Yes
Yes.
price target for next week?
He tweets then deletes them.

https://youtu.be/oAKG-kbKeIo
I agree, but if they can be successful in China alone will make them huge
Yeah, I don't think the 27% tariffs will come down anytime soon. At least not until GM, Ford, and other US car manufacturers have caught up in the EV revolution. I agree, China alone is big enough market for them and they could enter other markets as the products mature.
Flat ☠️
Neither stonks only go up 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
That’s because back in the day it was
I don't know what you wrote but I see 1 award and the word "moon" so HERE WE GO BRUH TAKE YOUR SPACE HELMET
I’m also new and retarded and just assumed it meant Designer Drugs.
Seriously... europoor badlands- this deserves more upvotes
I own them for 6 months now, barely made money
I'm not saying all of them will fail. But some market entries will be disasters and it'll be funny to watch it first hand.
I think that's the joke...
Honestly though, we're smarter than him. We have the smooth brain collection.
Sold LMND for $50 in November. I think about it daily.
Don’t be
Robinhood
OP ♿️🧠
We dumpin or pumpin tomorrow?
I know you’re responsible because you use vanguard. Do the right thing dad.
Here’s the thing that really struck me with Nio: recurring revenue after the sale. If you want autonomous driving, you have to pay $105/mo. If you want to buy the car at a lower price, you can lease the batteries. I find it to be an interesting idea. I mean sure that’s already a thing with Sirius radio and such, but makes you wondering how many other things could/will be subscription based going forward.
Congrats on the gains
I wish have money to trade like you, I’m jealous 🤦🏾‍♂️
🦞🖨🌱, 🆓 💰
He's predicting the price to drop. Let's say he predicts the price to drop by 10% to around $16 again:

1) Sell calls (OTM or even ITM) - You can sell a 1/15 $17.5 call for about $151 total right now. If the price falls to $16 you would keep that $151 premium as profit.

2) Buy puts - Simple: you make money if the price falls (inverse of buying a call).

3) Sell $13 puts - Premium would be around $12 for doing this, but that's not the point. The point of selling a $13 put is that you're actually hoping the price to close at expiry at or below $13 ***so it will be exercised***. If it doesn't close below $13 you keep the paltry $12 premium, but if it does close below $13 you will then be forced to buy 100 shares (*ie, exercised*) at $13, a price OP wouldn't mind getting more shares for.
gAiNz ArE gAiNz BrO
[deleted]
still blows my mind, like yeah maybe a TSLA or QQQ weekly. But how do guys do that shit everyday? i’d be sweating and checking my phone too much
Democrats:  love the gays, hate the bears 🏳️‍🌈🖨
Nope. From when he shorted he will never see a profit. Yeah, TSLA could pull back 20%, maybe more, but that’s just because the stock has run up so fast. The company is doing great. So there will not be a collapse like the housing market. 

He started shorting around $550. If the stock drops 30% from where it closed AH Friday that would be $606.90.
Short squeeze?
From all this reading. Seems like Tesla > NIO. 100 million users watching means 100 millions more Tesla buyers. Tesla to 1600 🚀🚀🚀
So... a monthly call?
HE’s ONE OF US!
[deleted]
Short Chinese stocks then :)
It’s so hard to fight the urge to be greedy and chase stocks that are running up
One app don’t matter to revenues. It’s gonna moon cuz iCar
I was making money on the way up with shares and CCs, for now I'm waiting to see where it wants to settle before buying back in, or probably selling some secured puts.
[removed]
Also on Mondayo appart from the CEO we have someone from R&D who will probably be able to provide more details about timings.
30 million plus pissed off customers .......
Wow, "MMs hedge their short put position by shorting the stock". You must be very smart
I do think Lidar is a better solution for fully autonomous driving. But if Tesla can get to L4 with their current setup, then good for Tesla too. At the end, the method doesn’t matter as long as they can achieve L4 or even L5 capacity
[removed]
Yeah weird, op should comment on that as he said he was a long time lurker.
Either way im all up for chinese tendies
For whomever needs to hear it... don’t buy the weekly call you’re looking at. Just go out longer. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk.
sold NIO sub-$10 and OSTK sub $20 in March-April of last year 

We can’t beat ourselves up over this shit
If you are asking this question, you clearly belong here
Bought TRIP 1/21/22 calls end of last year. Already up 100%
Positive comments like this makes me love this sub for real... your time will come too man, patience and hope to make the right decisions when it matters most.. Jah bless
[deleted]
it's a pricy bitch though
There was this guy here who had a 911 carrera s sold it to play options i guess. Anyone remembers him ?how did he do? Lmao
O wow he is about to make more money
2k stimmy would be for every person? 


I got a family of 5 I'm about to get 10k?
Reason? :)
[deleted]
This is the best shit I’ve ever seen on here and it doesn’t  even has  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
hmm, I was wrong, you are brilliant
If I was brave enough to make this bet and won my immediate goal would be sell, set aside tax money, find some dividend aristocrat stocks that average a 5 % return and retire
Does it have to moon that much for him to flip it for a profit though? Since he'd probably try to sell before expiry I assume
It's still funny guys, just like the last time it was posted.
Why 69 days?
Things are gonna get real freaky once reatil investors can take out debt at a lower rate than the pace of inflation
TWTR will be like how MySpace is currently by 2023. Just shot itself in the foot by its censorship rules.
Buy Plug Power Monday in the Morning, sell in the evening. Thank me later
[deleted]
Paying taxes fucking suck.
Need the second million for short-term taxes
most cool
[deleted]
Cash out. I get a stop loss 10% etc..etc...

2.6 + taxes coming out is something also to think about.


But then again if this goes tits up you don’t have to worry about taxes!
I owned Shopify shares in 2018 for around $150, sold for 10% profit.
too be fair we had a 3 day weekend last week
I’d sell just on the premise the stock is in its own bubble.  

Granted a “fair” valuation puts the shares around $45 a share and it’s been well above that for most of Tesla’s existence as a stock... so we shall see
My god, you're the type of retard that is oft talked about but rarely seen, at least people buying puts have fixed losses but to actually short the stock and have unlimited downside, wow. You got balls man, balls.
You are welcome, see you in tendie town
Tesla us an established business and deserves current valuation?
soon, it’s almost breakfast time
I never new what qanon was till like last month. I guess I live under a rock 😂😂
The new battery swap stations hold 13 batteries... so for every swap station that's 13 cars they can't sell. 

I think the current ones are around half of that.  

On the flip side they're leasing those 13 batteries and they'll likely turn more profit on the batteries with this model over a 5yr period than the ones customers buy outright.
Thanks for your contribution! Holding 500 shares and two calls, one expiring this month and another in one year. So glad to be hearing this. Think it’s worth buying $80c leaps?
Not very environmentally friendly though
I’ve owned a bunch of shares since July....I intend on buying more
No offense brah but this world is full of butterfingered pussies. The  💎 hands are far and few between
Interesting read. Set a remind me for July and see if he's cuckoo or not
[deleted]
Uh, before Musk does something ridiculously stupid. Which he will.
I wonder how the first paragraph could be related to the second.
They are giving strict supports to industries that are struggling due to covid but we as citizens don’t get any stimulus, besides I have noticed on eBay that I used to pay 100CHF for a 100$ article but now it’s more like 92CHF or so
[deleted]
Maybe they should just split the market into Red and Blue markets.  Red would be bullet makers and Olive Garden and truck accessory companies and blue would be electric scooter and avocado burger and yoga pants companies.
Ah okay thank you
At the end of the day what you’re saying is partially true. Psychology does play a role in trading and prices of securities. But that isn’t the main driver behind prices. Think about it this way, and this is why many people argue we are in a bubble for Tesla; so far we’ve had huge growth in the share price, that means people will expect all its other financials to also increase. That seems like a fair assumption to make. If Tesla stops growing their financials at their exponential rate what do you think happens to the stock price? Tesla is a growth stock meaning it’s assumed to eventually grow into its evaluation, so high P/E ratios p/s ratios etc don’t mean too much. If it can’t continue to grow into it’s evaluation then they will drill. That’s why earnings reports are so important to a stocks movement and why companies are so focused on them
Thanks for the write-up. It's refreshing to get an end-user perspective, especially one who's physically there. I think it'll be some time before NIO gets to the US or even where I'm at.
“the Huawei of Chinese auto” is what stops me from investing... I know they are great and will be huge... but any time they want, the Chinese government can step in and muck it up... they could just confiscate the business, disappear the CEO, force them to put spyware into the software... this risk for me is not with the company, the risk is that they are in China and subject to the whim of the government
What if it's Jarvis from iron man
Call the broker and explain what and why you want.
15$ by may but honestly this could be a 30-70 dollar stock in a year. It’s insane how undervalued this js
You clearly know nothing about cars.
The higher, the better.
I don’t understand how this works. Can someone ELI5?
You clearly use the internet, so I would expect you to be generally aware that one of the biggest banks in the world (with maybe the single best trading platform) is still in business
I do think it’s quite high, but this market has been irrational for quite a while, look at what Tesla is traded at. so can’t really rely on the fundamentals anymore tbh. Try find a good entry point if I were you
✨🧞🧞‍♀️🧞‍♂️✨
I own Shopify when it was $150 in 2018, sold for 10% profit
[removed]
It’s a meme stock and there are going to lot of bag holders when it crashes
I have January 2022 200 C
longest fuckin weekend ever
lmfao
[deleted]
No I had sold 2 $65  NIO calls 65 is the strike. Break even 66.75 expiration 1/15
[deleted]
Last year I thought market would keep crashing.... but there’s this magical power, called FED. I lost all my
Money betting against fed, don’t bet against fed. Stonks only go up
[deleted]
Could you please give your insight on alibaba? I am bag holding a bunch of the stock with all the bad news lately
[deleted]
It's not about the money, it's about sending a message.
That was interesting. Thanks for sharing that
[removed]
I just have a question, how do you request your margin to exercise this positions? I’m still at a baby stage here 🥺
Look at TSLA tell me Nio can’t do it and they seem to have a lot more government support and better technology for there latest cars that were released on Nio day
[deleted]
This list should be several pages long but yes.
That and context matters. One’s a ma and pa shop and the other literally controls the flow of speech within society
Thanks :)
I like the conviction. Tempted to get $850c Monday open but I’ve never played with premiums that high 😕
you missed the most new important part about Nio, what do people think about Lidar like in Xpeng? vs not using them like tesla, since Nio just joined the Lidar club
You had me at rockets with explosions.  Tranferring funds now.
I have (to me) an insane amount of VALE calls at this point. All doing splendidly.  I am going to roll.another 10k into steel on Monday. Do I go MT or VALE shares or get some MT calls for June?

Opinions?
Get your coffee bro.
Lol. I say one bearish thing and you appear.
Selling NIO last year, still my biggest L. I bought them for 6$ and sold them at 16$ because I thought...meh.


But I did not learn that stocks only go up
CCP moving differently these days.
Facts
[removed]
You know what the real scam is? Knowingly selling 2 million shitty cars/year and convincing gullible people you're a company worth investing in despite a 5 year return of -20% on your stock. But hey, MAGA right? 

https://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/2019/07/transmission-trouble-report-claims-ford-knew-focus-fiesta-dsp6-was-defective/
Is Switzerland also doing QE ? Any chance of devaluation?
Damn
I have PMCC with that short call, I didn't have NIO day on my radar. I might roll
Xpeng is perceived more like how xiaomi was once perceived: great value for the money and techy. While Nio is more perceived like Huawei: mature and high-end, also expensive.   I’m bullish on both but will add more on Nio than Xpeng until Xpeng releases more info on their new car, I believe it will be a 20k car with Lidar
[deleted]
hen* hao
Personally I'd sell half but Biden stimulus gonna rocket this harder
🇺🇸💩🕳🇺🇸 ❣️💲 👉👌
Tell me about it, calls or puts
r/wallstreetbets is my only friend
What platform are you using?
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/MadMax1815 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well another day of taking dabs and doing nothing
Nio is at 90 billion market cap so a 500 price stock would make it a 550 billion dollar company.....
I’m considering aapl. What’s your strike and exp ?
Some people need a soft-hand coach, others need a hard-coach. I'm being a hard coach to tell people to get their heads outta their ass on tech companies and stop looking at CNBC for their analysis on disruptive companies and the new-era of investing.

I literally begged people -- shorts and longs -- to get into TSLA in it's stage as a car company because papa musk is way smarter than that. I spent years trying to explain how disruptive tech platforms work. There's so much information out there (Peter Thiel, Tony Seba) that it seems obvious. Then when you see people reading CNBC and citing those sources, you wonder wtf they're missing.

I'm actually not a bad guy at heart -- just sarcastic asshole prose. But I was called way worse names when I told people not to short TSLA becuase of 'yesterday's headline' so whatever; circle of life.

Average, surface-level DD gets you average, surface-level returns. Be at minimum three moves ahead of the market, because today's news is already baked into the price. 

Anyone who's actually interested in this should start with Zero to One by Peter Thiel.
Bingo.  Me too.  Those fuckers just go too far.
[deleted]
Thats great. Until the mastermind behind the company and the man we are all supposedly investing in is disappeared for badmouthing Xi. 

You can't judge Nio the same way you judge Tesla. Papa Elon isn't going to be executed for saying that the US government is failing its people. We invest in Papa Elon because he has a vision and we share that vision. We can't do the same for Nio. The disappearance of Jack Ma has taught us that the same retarded investment strategy that worked for Musk, Bezos, Gates, Zuckerberg,  and Steve Jobs is not possible in China. 

You might think NIO to the moon. But that rocket could at any point have a new captain at the helm. One that is less interested in delivering the vision and more interested in pursuing the CCPs agenda.
[removed]
Gonna throw in 1k on Monday. Cant wait for the market to open. Still salty I sold 50 stocks at 16$
Wtf is it even supposed to mean
A sell off is also bullish as it gives RC an opportunity to buy more of the company at a cheap prices.

I've never been so sure about a stock than with this one. It spells bullish no matter how you look at it. Maybe not in the short term tho.
$62 call <> break even $65.13 contract price $313. This one? I’m very new to this
The only problem is nuclear isn't very profitable. It will take proper government subsidisation to build the amount of reactors the world needs to properly fight climate change, or extreme charitable donation from the worlds billionares. I know bill gates is working on nuclear. Maybe Elon can be convinced.
What’s the play for the corporate debt Bubble? Puts on highly levered companies?
Only one more wake up before the market opens
I worded my comment wrong he said it in 2019
What do u think the market cap will be? It’s already high at 90
underrated comment.   https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x4b05m8
Anyone think TWTR will actually dump on Monday? Will someone like Left use this sentiment opportunity for a quick short attack? Does it recover intraday?
It’s easy, warren buffet does value investing and growth has smoked value since 2008. Cathie only does growth. Will these trends reverse some day? That’s the million dollar question.
NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Yeah man I can’t lead shit that far out but def solid lotto
The dip is priced in!

Honestly? I kind of want it to dip so RC can buy more and keep locking float. 

I’m here for the turnaround, but I want to see 🐻🐻🐻 blood
Might have AI day
Why would you ask this question here? 

Are you suggesting all Chinese people hate Muslims? Do you think he represents the Chinese government? Do you think the people of China represents the Chinese government. Do you think Russians represent Putin? Only the CCP represents CCP. 

Try not to be dumb AF for one day.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Sipnheighterade the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Blinkers
I hope it gets above 1120, I have some 1120c eow
I agree with your comments other than you don’t once mention Twitters market cap. 

It’s about 40b... 

That is a fraction of other social media companies and for the amount of influence it has, it is low. A few new features that starts to drive new users to the platform, and this could 5x... 

Your thesis could work out but I’d actually say there’s more upside than down.
Bullish, the more that drop the less unemployment 🚀🚀🚀
The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent
Chart really does have that reversal trend
In the land of the blind, the one eyed man is king.

Maybe burry knows something you don’t 🤷‍♀️
Anyone care to give me some TSLA call suggestions?
Literally type “Nio on street” on google and you will see plenty.
I own both NIO and Xpeng at similiar amounts. If I wanted to add more money, would you prefer one over the other? What is the perception of Xpeng over NIO in China? Which company will be bigger/more popular?

Thanks for the post, great stuff, the NIO houses remind me of apple stores lol.
Yeah it is pretty obvious at least a few car companies are taking them very seriously. GM and VW both threw down double digit billions and that stupid new GM logo to go all in on EVs and GM bought Cruise years ago to catch up on self driving.

Imagine if Barnes & Noble had actually gone all in on the internet the moment they heard of Amazon.
that's a sexy MSFT Call you got there, this will print.
Just gonna be honest. I didn’t read past the second word.

GME TO DA MOON 🚀🚀 😩💦
Tesla sold 20-25k vehicles a month in China last year. Most of the year NIO sold 5k. Last month that jumped up to 10k.
Wait, what's on the menu for next week? I'm so sick of the french onion.
I am susceptible as fuck to conspiracy theories but Qanon and flat earth are retarded
🔱🅱️ >>> 🐱❣️3️⃣ 🪵

🅰️®️🎋 🆙 🐝©️⛎💤 ®️⚠️✝️3️⃣💲 ®️ 0️⃣

📈📉🔜
Calls on Mac D
maybe one day I'll have to pay that additional 3.8%
dude is old, he wasn’t prepared for this crazy kangaroo market
Wise strategy when it keeps dipping
I need to pay attention to what I’m doing
I CANT WAIT TO LOSE MONEY TOMORROW
So many stock slice brokers now doe
ICLN will moon when joe ‘buyden’ biden announces the stimulus
No point on barking back to crazy dogs right :)
Just dont go posting racist remarks on Twitter like Rosanne Barr
[removed]
Dont exist.  🚀🚀🚀💎🙌💎🙌 🚀🚀🚀
How can I get that flair
Can you post some real feedback from nio owners and actual pictures of nio on road in China? I have yet to see any
I made enough to pay off my house this year but tbh don’t really see the point with a 2% mortgage rate. Even the most conservative boomer should be able to get 3% or more investing
“Boomers”...Nuclear...FRIGHT
Wow I just checked. Big sus.
Or go to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Bangbus? like the porn? shit i need some calls
Nonsense, surely the little dot top right has some worth aswell.
My PT: $200 EOW
The smart thing to do is place directly into Roth IRA if you can afford to
Well obviously. That doesn't mean it isn't objectively funny to imagine the possibilities if it did though. I may have forgotten the /s at the end of my comment... My bad
I hope you told him to go fuck himself.
I was literally just thinking  about this the other day. Im 100% certain that the simpsons brain washed my entire generation into believing nuclear was evil incarnate. It's really fucking unfortune because we're the one's taking the reigns when the time line will be most desperate for action on climate change. By the time zoomers get a chance it will be too late.
Dude, take 3M out cause when the correction starts you might be burned. 3M out now and you can live from it for the rest of your life. And you can keep playing with the remaining 1M if you want, which is 5x your initial money
So you have 4 mil my friend? I already requested to withdraw half a milly
Thank you! Amazing how media affects our minds, crazy times... We hear about disappeared chinese billionaires who got too much power and as it seems it's simply not true.
My thoughts. The Market probably know and anticipate ICR on Mon will not be amazing, hence price action last few days. I don't think price will drop much further, but unlikely to spike too high unless Cohen suddenly do something. Your strike price is too far out of the money, suggest you convert half to Apr calls, half to July calls. If you want to take the risk, then one third each in Jan, Apr, Jul. And do it fast, as theta will burn yr remaining value very quickly as Fri approaches.
OUCH
Eating Ass
Bear Case : Flight centre is going out of business
I’m out of GME
[Tesla AI day coming this year](https://mobile.twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1348043839022370817?s=21)

Tesla to 1,000 EoW!
more like moon
💯
Stocks go through trends in their life cycle. Eventually this crazy growth will cool down, an earnings report will miss the mark by a hair and there will be a massive sell off. It’s not the end of the world, just what stocks do
>Every UVXY/volatility trader knows UVXY below $10.30 is free money.
When?
He’s not, he said he has a call expiring soon - he wants to sell that one and buy this new 5k one
I can send you one of your moms pussy, she squirted hard last night when I fucked her ass
Unless the debt is mostly foreign-held bonds, I don’t see how deficit spending will hurt if we only owe ourselves. Sure there is inflation, but if the wage floor is getting raised to $15, the benefit outweighs the cost
What are some leaps you guys are in? I got Apple and Dropbox leaps
[deleted]
You had me at chinese
URNM
¿How much compadre?
Second richest on Mars for sure
Fuck a lambo when I hit that 10 bagger im getting a koenigsegg
Who the fuck is Seth? I've never seen mention of this story, that's unbelievable
This music video is so hype
This 💯
just sent a pending order for a couple 5 dollar $1,010 calls jan 15th. I felt like getting a lottery ticket anyway so why not go with some cheap OTM calls
he employs most of his childhood friends, if he quits they wuld be out of a job.
More like msrket crash after years of retardid normie s thinking they’re stock geniuses
Where are your positions in GME?
I didn’t say it was their ticker, it’s just a common shorthand. Their ticker won’t be anything because PH will never go public.
What about 50-100 limit?
I fucked that up and it’s all anyone’s commenting on.
Dang Moon is the OP’s uncle.
Really wanna get in on some more VALE tomorrow hoping they don't shoot through the roof and can get some cheap 25 calls for June.
Chinese symbols are always good luck.

Tattoo 同性熊 on your buttcheeks for tendies
[deleted]
American schools only teach kids one word these days:

Calls
Last time I give you the opportunity to own a classic...
Better than forgiving college debt
The are building [Thought Police](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thought_Police)
Yes. You can trade options with Fidelity app. I admit, I’ve yet to learn options trading as well so that’s all a bit over my head. But when doing any kind of trading, I’d prefer it to be real time.
A wise observation, can only mean one thing: 🚀🚀🚀
I don't know if this is real or satire.
Is APPL gonna dip on this Parler ban nonsense?
PH? Really? Come on bro. You know - *You know* it would be either BOOB, COKX, PRON, or my personal favorite CUMM
[deleted]
Why I love trading in my Roth.
The fuck? 500M? Biggest I've seen is u/fog_ which is at like 30 M on tesla calls, 500M can't be true, can it? Can anyone produce a username for that?
I plan on holding 5-10 years maybe longer so Im not worried about a pull back. My big concern is It makes up a majority of my account. It could fall 50% before I start losing principle, the rest is profits.
Everything.
I just want Nio to reach $4000 a paper...

Tesla did it... Why not Nio too.

We have 1,3bil Nio fans in Chyna alone
I know. I fucked that up.
Lot of WB failure recently I believe is due to hubris and not taking his own advice (buy the dip). 

Kraft Heinz, IBM he refused to get out due to hubris. He sat in the sidelines in 2020 thinking this will be like 08.
Yes this is awsome
I had $125k in Apple in 2000. Sold it with a 10% loss.
Twitter will go to hell. FB next and many companies who are joining the purge (amazon, walmart...).
When Elon tweets something contravercial.
That’s cause I scrolled down. Notice they are in alphabetical order.
So he’s basically doing what Trump did after saying he wouldn’t do what trump did

Biden is going to kill thousands just like trump
What he did was experience a poignant reminder that pouring all your effort and resources into wallstreet...resources that have taken years to accumulate, can be obliterated in an instant.
I'm buying calls
Investing in China requires that you bring your own forensic accountant with you. Many of the documents put out by companies are entirely fabricated. Definitely not for WSB.

Actually, I take that back, WSB invested in NKLA so I guess it would be perfect for WSB.
Drink the piss
Pump it to the moon
More than a 100% increase not good enough for you? You have to compare a start up like NIO with the first years of Tesla. Tesla did not even meet their targets in the first years, something that NIO does over and over again.
Apple & Hyundai partnership all but confirmed: https://finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/apple-hyundai-agree-electric-car-121315958.html?.tsrc=rss&__twitter_impression=true

(This is a new article not the rumour from last week)

Bangbus (GOEV) will moon tomorrow
You need a better phone with darker shades to hide your account numbers. A new charger too!
So you’re saying there’s a chance...
Now that's a repost I didn't expect to see.

[Original here, you tard.](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/gktyxh/12year_old_russian_trader_loses_everything_after/)
How do you idiot's keep not turning the opacity up?
I can't wait until the yen becomes the reserve currency. /s.
Jesus, I don't know what problems this kid has so I feel a bit bad for laughing my ass off.
Nice DD! looking to get some tomorrow
Pitch GME during your interview
He paid the oremiy Right? $200?
No check out the user name NOT a ccp bot.  Can't you even read?
Everyone is tough until the US delists you. That is a serious fear coming into any Chinese stock.

NIO 225c 1/22, naturally.
There's "genuine" risk in any stock, foreign or domestic. If you sunk money into F 5 years ago your investment is still -20% and they sell 2 million cars per year. They took the vaunted Mustang and turned it into a CUV. So don't cry about risk.

OP is saying go long on Nio and there's plenty to prove he's right. Caution is fine but that bodes for any stock from any country and if all you can say is "BABA" then that's just lazy...and sh#, their CEO goes into hiding and they still trade for $230/share with a +190% return over 5 years.
[deleted]
hahahaha
Rare earths gonna fly to the Moon. 80% controlled by china
Last time I walked down a Chinese city street it was absolutely loaded with high end Western brands. Tesla is doing great there. Or just use some common sense. How was such a huge trade war even possible if trade between the US and China wasn't big to start with?
Best stonks for going Nuclear? ☢️
green crayons taste better than red ones
OP's bottom is as overextended as $TSLA right now. As much as I love Papa Elon I'm not touching that shit.
That and also does spy just keep going up over the years or do they split after a certain point?
Weeklies are retardid
WSB really is full of retards. Everyone here acting like EVERY Chinese citizen is responsible of the heinous actions of the Chinese governments. Also people apparently don't know that one can learn and speak more than one language
Haha looking to buy this very one Monday. Volume is insane
You make yourself sound retarded when you break down complex economics into “mCD BuRgR PriCE gO Up WHeN FEd gIvE pEaSAnt MonEy”.
I hope it works out! Thanks for the insightful post
Let’s be real...if tsla drops 20% it will prob bounce hard off of that as buyers will buy that dip.
The numbers in account 7169 don’t add up.
It's more that batteries are the major limiting factor for the number of cars that Tesla can produce and if battery swapping was widespread they would probably need between 0.1 -1 batteries sitting idle per car on the road when they could have 1.1-2 times more cars for sale instead.

Do you know how many extra batteries NIO has to have for swapping? I'm not sure of the exact ratio.
Europeans stocks don't go up. Maybe german stocks go up but still nothing compared to US
[✔️] Doubt
We can see the account numbers my guy..
What
 Removable batteries sound good to investors until you realize that they are the limiting factor in producing an ev fleet. And nio is saying fuck that we can have at least 1-2 additional batteries just lying around per car we ever sell? AND each battery uses more material than Tesla because they want larger range? So with the same amount of batteries as Tesla, they can only sell 1/2-1/4the amount of cars as Tesla. 

You’re also saying that a deciding factor between nio and Tesla is a mile per charge advantage? So you’re basically saying you would buy an add on gas tank to a traditional ICE vehicle and say that’s a major deciding factor? Bro... who even needs ranged larger than 400miles? People take breaks on road trips every 200 miles. You can simply take a break and charge it. 

Smarter? No. 
Better? No
Fair enough
How many Toyotas is that though?
I'm singularly focused on getting enough tendies to pay off my house, have a good sized fun money account and quit my job. Literally nothing else seems as important anymore, not sure if good or bad.
Thanks I’m in Li auto and xiaomi too
So what you are saying is I should buy I share of tsla and 10 hamburgers? Seems like a plan
Do you see the volume of it currently?
Sheeeeeesh!! Moist hands are fuk 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 2021
if the USD was That fucked stocks would be a lot higher right now
Lol
You’re such a fgt lol

That was a religious argument not political
Very interesting thanks for taking the time for your insight
[deleted]
Then buy the dip retard
[removed]
Do 3-4 month calls on DRIP! Just a few would make a ton of money if we actually do.
Some people don't think it be like it is but it do
Picasso painting are valued at what they are because there will never be more created and they are one of the most highly sought after paintings ever created. Stock prices are reflective of a companies earning potential and assets. A share of stock is literally a claim to a companies assets and earnings by definition. You just don’t know what you’re talking about. Trust me if Tesla reports stagnant quarters where growth slows down their stock will plummet to the middle of earth.
what’s the catch for splitting and why wouldn’t everyone do it more often
Should I buy back my CC NIO 65 1/15? Or ride it out
Sven is depressed if nothing else.
It’s fine if you’re not a restaurant owner
[deleted]
!remind me in 4 days
How the fuxk is this post allowed? I can't even post about extr
[removed]
The replies to rc's tweets leads me to believe that all of his followers are from WSB. Wonder what he thinks about being our 2nd papa?
You are very welcome my man. Big fan of Netherlands soccer team and MVDP
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-08/biden-calls-for-quick-pandemic-relief-minimum-wage-increase
I'm gonna take this as extensive DD and go all in.
Front reminds me of a shark. Dont like it’s nose tip. The repair costs on a front collision will be ridiculous. The headlights will be destroyed with every tiny bump.
I might be wrong at the timeframe, but shakeouts always occur, Im not saying it is going to tank to 18usd  tomorrow, im not looking for my puts to go 10000%
!RemindME 6 months
is byd going up
Yep, TSLA weeklies last week were cheap af and went bananas after Thursday and Friday runs. Those days alone made up for my other trading mistakes recently.
Its a Repost. At least give credit asshole
蔚来 小鹏 理想 特斯拉 小米 阿里 腾讯百度 比亚迪 宁德时代
Looks just like my crack dealer when I lived in London
Here's why it will crash: because it can.
Treat your stonks like your wife, never pull out.
It's shrinking actually every time you ask questions like this
Instead of continuing to try keeping these retards dumping, just pull out and let it burst.  We all know it’s on the edge, even the retards know it’s on the edge.  Let’s stop the Tesla meme train, put up, and go back at it when it’s not overvalued worse than your uncle trying to sell you his ‘99 Impala for $5k.
Stop dating these girls with big pussy's
OP was banned temporarily for abusing DD flair
🚀🚀🚀🚀 I’m in
There real. Check t
YouTube.  Americans did reviews on them.
[deleted]
Surprise! I’m retarded. Can you explain that for retards please?
[deleted]
This is the way

Partnership with Chick-fil-A = infinate tendies
Serious talking here: Chinese stock market is not for WSB retards.
go longer
Joe Buyden is announcing plans for $2-$3T stimulus and very likely including plans to invest in clean energy and electric vehicles - TSLA is actually gonna hit $2000 this week 🤡


Also USD is fukt, hamburgers at McDonalds gonna cost $200
Bless your bullishness and all of WSB. Let’s pump it.
My stock account is rock solid hearing that. But my heart is limp af because of my love for exhaust notes on cars like the Maserati Granturismo and Jaguar F Type S
well that's dumb. I lean bullish but your views lack information
You dicc 🧀 is still growing
I agree, which is why I didn’t entirely rule out the possibility of delisting. Risk is there, I’m taking it
[deleted]
[removed]
Bb valuation is fucked. They have 5bill in patents alone. 56% institutional ownership. Tsla level potential
That’s not what I am saying. Your response is quite typical: escalating to political level whenever other questions anything legit.  Enjoy your life in China, I am sure you do.
He prolly lost 100 mill trying to short tesla already. Wiki says net worth is 200-300 mil.
As someone who plays multiple instruments... i can confirm my virginity is still in tact. Just let this subreddit be your hope, everything else is meaningless.
[deleted]
40 shares, will add calls if dip below 3100
Yeah it happened to me some weeks ago, took a break, missed tsla train :)
Why do all charts say UVXY was 5,000 in 2016?
They are not trying to fully focus on the western market. The Chinese EV market is juicy enough
I just took out my last 5k from other stocks to go all in on GME monday/tuesday. Can't go tits up 🚀🚀🚀
你正在投资什么股票？(or ban)
Probably need to wait for a pullback on this one. Up over 53% in the past week. You missed the boat for the initial run. Wait for pullback, then dive in. I’m sure it will keep running throughout the year.
Can't hear you over BRRRRRRR
Can we deploy someone to administer cocaine to Sherman before his presentation?
[removed]
Holy smokes IDRV portfolio is fucking dope. Option chain is a barren wasteland tho
Dumb question: If you make $0 income in a year but sell a long-term profit of $500,000 - do you pay 10% on 20% on that long-term profit?
His lungs are a PS4
Thank you for the DD dude! Thanks from the Netherlands.
Nothing selfish about advocating for personal responsibility and reaping the rewards of the risk you voluntarily accepted.
[removed]
burn. wat instrument, the ukulele?
The real challenge here has been competing with the black market. I also live in a part of canada famous for it's pot production before legalization lol. With such a large group of established black market production their prices are significantly better than large legal growers who have to spread out distribution costs across their entire company. Black market also kept travelling distance for their product low by necessity because more travel time equalled a higher chance of getting busted. There's been a lot of articles written in canadian news outlets about the failure of legalization here. Infused drinks are still illegal here for now.
Because of the same reason western companies fail when expanding to china. Cultural differences, semantics, lack of market understanding.
All I see is another big paragraph that I’m not gonna waste my time reading.
You do know there is a difference between banter and racism right?
[deleted]
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
vito... how is a company like X nowhere near its 08 high while steel prices are near their 08 high? What am I missing? Is it just that out of whack?
Warren buffet has been a great investor but the last 10 years he’s been pretty bad why do people act like he’s a god I like cathie wood a lot better she probably smarter than he is
I don't think anyone outside of China will buy a Chinese car unless it is a lot cheaper than their competition, which I think is difficult and would imply low margins in an industry without the highest volumes. NIO has 0 brand recognition in the west, never heard about it except on investment platforms. Think it's gonna disappoint.
[deleted]
Should I buy more $NIO?!?
Only if you’re not poor or a small business owner
So is this the Nio-China Nick Land was talking about?
What about ignored reasons why it is not going to the moon?
Could be 50 mil in 10 years i would hold
[removed]
I wouldn’t be too sure. Biden may be less brash in his approach against China, but I do believe there will be a populist tint in his policy—Bernie might run the senate budget committee for all we know. The point is, regardless of administration, the US does not like China. Esp. Given the economic arms race we’re currently in.
Wassuuuuuupp
only thing net neutrality will truly fuck with (at least initially) is the big streaming players. Netflix accounts for like over 50% of bandwidth usage, they are going to get hammered with additional costs (and probably should given their usage).
I didn’t read any of this.
Nio $65 call 1/15 thoughts?
Tomayto, tomahtoh
Overvalued or not, I think Tesla will dominate the electric car market in the future as well as now. They've got that charging network setup and the highest range electric vehicles.
Production wise the Model 3 and especially the Y are huge steps forward. The Model 3 is 90% of a Model S for a wastly lower price (just look at the sales numbers for Model S, it isn't really viable anymore). I firmly believe that a theoretical brand new 2022 Model S based on Model Y tech would be much better and cheaper. Hence the argument that Mercedes are behind Tesla in EV tech.
Hahaha trust me I’m an experienced WSB user
THIS.
FUCK YOU. FUCK. YOU. FUCCCCCCKKKKJ YOU
PT for PLUG eow?
Porch geese tard here, all in on nio it is. Thanks china tard.
I think you're rewarded.

Autocorrect, not fixing it.
Uncle Joe says: "Tendies for everyone!"
Yep, this. Keep stacking the money and when it hits it will hurt but won't be awful
"denies in russian" lmao
What’s a better hedge UVXY or VXX
if you haven’t gotten the last two you probably won’t be getting this one
Maybe China but Americans have been scared of nuclear energy since the Simpsons debuted.
[removed]
Funny you ask, because this subreddit has a specific "term" they use for insanely risky one week out-of-the-money calls that it's users like to make, where they essentially are doing a crazy gamble that might pay off if they are lucky enough! They call it an FD, but I'll let you figure out what it stands for :)
[removed]
[deleted]
You mean your mom sending her pussy pic to me?
Kneeeee Howww Mothafuckaaaaa! Let’s get them General Gau Chicken Tendies 🐔 + 🔥 = 🍗
I didn’t expect anything less from a fellow retard, GME to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
You do know you are brainwashed by the western propaganda right?  Should we all scream “CCP bad, China bad”?
Profit feels like a chore at Tesla.
I'll be honest I can tell you english is perfectly fine. But I love imagining that it's not great and that you genuinely sont know what autist and retard mean.
yes this year we’re making contact it’s gonna be awesome
Nope, nothing will stop the stonk market. Plus uncle Joe is about to release a trillions dollar stimmy plan. 🖨🖨🖨🖨🖱🖨🖱
The rug pull won't come until post inauguration. The more ppl talk about a correction and shorting the less I'm worried

It'll come, but probably not until next month. Let's make so much Tendies in January that it won't even fucking matter when it does
At some point, people are gonna realize that solar is actual legit trash and that nuclear is the only practical way forward. LEAPS on nuclear energy.
Why dont they do it then? Look at their month to month increase of last year dude...
buying NIO will make us rich on monday, but should we buy BYD so that we can be double rich

&#x200B;

it opens sooner than NIO as well (on king kong stock exchange)
DON'T BREAK RANKS TMRW! NO MATTER WHAT!
So puts or calls?
Monyet can type both, Ipoh mali here.
I’m ok with that!
Sure :)
[removed]
VIX futures expiration coming Jan 20
https://www.macroption.com/vix-expiration-calendar/

MM’s trynna start some shit and make some mooOnEy before expiration
Does it have a moon?
I think it’ll go down 4% but mostly recover intraday
You do know the existence of VPN right you smooth brain retard? Most of Chinese just use VPN to use Reddit instagram YouTube and stuff
Welcome to the casino. Enjoy your stay.
Nuts always write a lot
I don’t work 80 hours per week, and I’m not poor. I’m actually friends with many euros on a krypto chat I’m on, and the differences between cultures is nuts. When I told them I live in a 235 m2 house, they thought it was a mansion, which obviously it isn’t it’s just a regular house. 

I was just pointing out the differences in work ethic and why I believe that renders European money not real.
Everyone saying it’s tanking Monday, but hopefully WSB inverse thesis actually works.
About 90.75%
I wish I got in when it was that cheap, but gains are gains right :)
Winnie the pooh
[deleted]
This never misses at cracking me up. Thank you!
lol what you got google fiber? you know its the ISP that does that right...

also "new paradigm" dude you're legitimately a sheep if you are that alarmist about net neutrality. it was really NOT a big deal holy fuck 

if its really affecting you just fucking move. theres more competitors on the east coast and you always get good deals and service. verizon or optimum.
[removed]
Come on you know the term 50-cents right?
Scale? It’s China. They can scale production very quickly.
Before I started investing/trading I hated Mondays but boy am I itching to go into Monday rn
10k in $MT Shares and 5k in $VALE shares I don't know how to use options and they make me nervous seeing loss porn all the time..
Land and fresh water
Yes, one contract is always 100 shares of the "underlying" stock!
Omg I thought yesterday was Sunday this blows. So bored. Time to take an Ambien see you retards tomorrow.
[removed]
Don’t tell me I am already investing in the us stock with Swiss value since I am from Switzerland, I play both parts so I always come up at top ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
No stonks go up, stupid!
I personally own some Xiaomi shares as well. Good luck man
None.  This is a casino.  Learn the play the game elsewhere and come back when you're ready to put your chips on the table.
It's not hiding if its legal
Calls us “Western Retards” says “no Racism please” 😂😂

Do you think people here care what color or where are you from? We are the most inclusive community. Most people here even endorse their wives having boyfriends.
[removed]
Weren’t they the same ones pushing for anti trust?
Is it open yet?
[deleted]
Google already giving selective speeds to their own websites, gmail YouTube etc while every other web page is taking ages to load. 

This is our new paradigm isn’t it. Fuck.
Hahaha, where can I get paid for this? Like I said, stay away from Chinese companies if you are skeptical, I’m jus giving you guys some information that I have yet to see in this sub.
If you NEVER sell, and then you die, did you really even have the tendies at all?
Look at 2019 and how many BA planes went down.
Federal law passed thru elected officials gave them protection from lawsuits and allowed them to grow into monopolies. The US also have anti-trust laws for this reason - when a company has a monopoly market, they start exerting more and more power that negatively impacts society. Very reason why almost all states are going after Facebook now.
Post a picture of eating a Cat to proof you are Chinese
PBW and IDRV about to go to the moon tomorrow
yeah but trucks are not stocks
this nigga wheezing
[removed]
Back is defo like a bmw
I read another article that said they also announced they would be partnering with Nvidia
Chinese people are rapidly becoming like Americans but worse
Rumour says they’re getting another $20 contract.
That's definitely Etrade
Ah yes, the “it can’t go tits up indicator”. 
Always works
Fuck you
You need thick skin in this sub. Very nice DD, much appreciated!
RSI stands for Retard Safety Indicator

Prove me wrong
lmao what man?

the connection is about as big as a bag full of rice in China fallen over and the stimulus
Joke’s on you as a european I will be able to buy 50% of Tesla for the price of a Bretzel
I’m holding 13 1/15 $20 calls at .23. Majorly printing. Would you guys roll these gains to a higher strike further out or take profits this week?
Hopefully he did 6month TSLA calls, those would have probably actually printed a fuck-tonne of money.
[deleted]
We must protect wsb from a GME margin call. Sherman has to lie at this point. Just start making shit up at ICR. We all escape and buy back in when it’s $10

Sherman I know you’re reading this. Say there’s a deal with Nintendo and Sony, and Chick-fil-A but don’t elaborate. When they ask for details just keep saying “huge.” When they ask about e-commerce and sales numbers just keep repeating “I have ascended the omnichannel” and laugh. When they mention Ryan Cohen find the camera and look into it, smile smugly, nod, then wink. Stock will pump to $40 📈📈📈📈📈📈🎢📈🎢🎢📈🎢📈🎢
Buy the rumor, sell the news.

What rumors are left for TSLA?
Good read, I enjoyed it. Very bullish. I have some cash left to buy the dip. 1620 shares atm. Investing since November but went all-in on GME now. Told myself I would take it slowly rofl... 🚀🚀🚀
It says 1000k. Good job.
Elon needs to do a split everytime TSLA hit 4 digits. Literally infinite money glitch with all the TSLA cult proclaim to never sell
Slow decline based on earnings. No crash imo
Both Cathieys give me Wood so I'm good.
Life savings
Be careful all ye retards, OP could be a paid propaganda tool for these reasons if you read his only two posts.
What? CCP is not demanding the WHOLE country to go electric. They are targeting the largest cities because they aren’t retarded and know rural growth will take time.

And have you tested a NIO? You can’t say it feels like a cheap knockoff if you haven’t.
It's crazy how many people think the state of the economy still matters.
Did you just call him a 🌈🐻 riding 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 (8 for good luck) to the 🌙?
“Ryan Cohen GME” is an exact anagram of “Money Changer.” Ryan, please change Melvin’s capital to our capital.
Exactly. It’s trying to recover now that vaccination has begun. Stocks should go up for the next 6 months at least.
I'm sorry you gotta work 80 hours a week just to have food on the table and a leaking roof mate
[deleted]
It’s a rocket if you look upside down
[deleted]
The comments have roasted your attempt at analysis enough already, so I’ll keep it short.

Looking for divergence between ‘lower highs’ and ‘higher highs’ while price is in a RANGE
➡️Advanced Autism

👏👏👏



Serious piece of advice:

Forget about all the fancy indicators and subsequent divergence and reversal strategies books and courses try to sell you. They’re selling a product. 
The more complicated the strategy and tools, the easier it is to justify a higher price to autists such as yourself.

Focus on structural resistance levels and trend confirmations, anything beyond that is simply drawing with crayons, a waste considering you could be eating them instead.
Of all the reasons, this is the dumbest
[removed]
[deleted]
GOEV or nah? 

For an EV play the market cap is extremely low
The best part is that NIO is a scam and not even planning on doing anything 'til 2022. NIO gives about as much joy as an artist rendering of a far away galaxy vs the real image. Hell, NIO isn't even going to reach orbit. Again, the best payment is watching the retards here hop on this shit wagon. Satisfaction by proxy.
Tomorrow
Bright future with papa Cohen but I decided to raise GME funds on gold corn investments instead of continuing to watch my GME funds devalue as GME continues not being Cohen’s GME for the foreseeable future
Bro, recommed Xiaomi to usa autists, I have a lot of shares of Xiaomi and I need robinhoods start to buy them
Don’t think there’s any reason to think PH would IPO, pretty sure MindGeek are very comfortable being the kings of everything online pornography.
Would you like a some chips kind sir?
Who’s interested in buying?
I needed this when I bought at 13 and sold at 4.
They die an horrific death, only to join the glorious afterlife where they eat, snort and fuck. 

Tesla to the Moon.
Future MARA bag holder here!
people been telling TSLA is going bankrupt soon or is overvalued for an eternity now..

I think the propability of you making bank with TSLA is way higher than a sudden drop with all around good news and a phenomenal year 2020 for them.

Anyway you never know 100%
[deleted]
This shit would actually happen too ☠️
Sorry can you repeat I’m too stupid to get it the first paragraph
April? You know you're supposed to make estimated payments right? Your Q4 payment is due on Jan 15th.
[deleted]
SAINT VITO 🙏🙏🙏🚀🚀🚀 STEEL GANG
[deleted]
You are!
Florida man
I love my shares to much I am scared to sell calls on this one, I just feel gap up soon and just not sure how high
It’s gonna rally. Investors gonna say it’s priced in.
He posted stuff in Chinese or something.  Everyone knows when they are playing games and you see 自闭症 join the team, you know reinforcements are here.   Chinese symbols and 🚀🚀🚀🚀 = good DD to me.
Agree
[deleted]
I love burry but damn is he wrong about Tesla.
[removed]
[removed]
How do they feel?
How much is BA dipping on Monday?
Anyone else investing in foreign stocks due to this inflation?
Consumer Electronics Show. AMD is expected to having a good showing, being part of a bunch of new tech. They are also delivering a keynote speech.
Don't forget to factor in the concentration camps
Don't stop now! You still have 10% to go!
In short yes. 

Why; go back to last Feb/March we are on similar paths and the same European counties which mandated lockdowns are dousing it again. 

NYC / LA; as anyone who lives there, lock downs have been re-established so it has already began. 


HOWEVER; the panic of the unknown (what is this virus, can it be cured, how one gets infected etc, etc is no longer an issue which is what really made tbt market tank).  

With that said I do think the market has gotten a bit ahead of itself so could see a pull back (we do have over 22 Million infections and new strains).  At the same time we do have vaccines as well as a very accommodating Fed and new government which ready to open up it’s wallet as much as it’s needed (inflation could be a real issue under this scenario which would result in higher rates = bad for all the high flying growth stocks) But this is at least a few months away
It’s crazy how many people think our economy is healthy right now lol.
Most of us retards also have no professional experience in the industry yet we can still do good dd's

Also which ev channels I wanna check
Did you see the AH movement on BABA? Bigggggg closing cross action. BULLISH AF. 

$50k in baba calls with exp next Friday to end of March.
Too suspicious.
Nice DD. Last time I was in Shanghai I had the chance to check out their ES8 and EP9. Was pretty impressed.

Came home and paper handed a 5% gain at like $2...
It's a video for the price target of Loup Ventures. 

I haven't heard of any legitimate shortcomings about Teslas. Panel gaps? No human being I've ever talked to about cars has measured to the mm panel gaps. 

Take Ford Mach E for example. High price but low range, and no charging network. No one's gonna buy it. Look at how the Bolt flopped, and it came out before the model 3.
Reddit should be blocked in China though
It’s the company’s right to refuse service.  The best analogy I heard was “Twitter is a Christian bakery and Trump is a gay wedding cake.”
Gonna get a gold foil birthday card for my gf cuz she's been through too much thin with me and I don't want her to leave me
They never should have restarted that dividend.
Wait for a dip
Congrats bruh, but wsb don’t fuck with penny stocks
BUY? SHARES??? Sir, please leave I believe you got lost on your way back from /r/stocks
this is fucking perfect.
Low COL in China are you kidding bro? Unless you live in 3rd or 4th tier cities...
Premarket 20%

Open 28%

5 min later, 15%

&#x200B;

Enjoy your loss retard.
Mate, there's a reason you're being down voted so much. It's because YOU'RE the one that needs to learn this stuff.
Sounds like propaganda
Cash gang because we are due for a small pull back. Look at 6 month chart on indicies. Clearly at the top of the channel. 5% or so, nothing huge
I'm invested in to NIO as well.
Was waiting for this one lmao. Ackman better fkn not do that.
Real Estate agent offers opinion on an industry he has no professional experience in on a continent he doesn’t visit.

He’s entertaining, but there are better channels for EV.
It started because people couldn’t afford the loans they got and went bankrupt.
[deleted]
I'm in the industry. That's not going to change any time soon.
Stimmy talks going well
Yeah lol sounds like incoming shutdown to be.
But what about the $3 cheese index!?!
There is no free lunch
We dont need workin people. We can print money and then spend it
People buying homes they couldn’t afford because they were given big loans. Money was pumping out.
Sadly I think we might see a sell off on Monday if the numbers are not good and there won’t be any good news from Cohen or the management.
Too big to fail v2?
Well researched bits are my favorite bits.
as if he has 150$ laying around for a modem
I’m sure members in Congress on both sides are quietly concerned (or should be) at how much power big tech seem to have to completely muzzle Americans they don’t like at will.
> Eventually ...   it could 

So no sure thing, definitely not "free money".
Reeeeeeepost but still gold, anyways, Fuck you
Ok. Maybe you’re right. We’ll see.
Not at all i see icln doubling by year end
IM SELLING YOU LMAOOOOO
What about the quality of the products. Dosent it matter anymore.
Right now would honestly be ideal. Congratufuxkinglations man and god fucking damn it
>Interactive brokers

These retards dont let me hop on it is 21+ LOL
Show me where he touched you
Tho I don’t use It, 虎牙huya is really popular among young people and has a huge user base. But I’m not too familiar with them and won’t comment further, good luck making tendies :)
I guess that answers my question. I just assumed a lockdown would be the only real way to break the current wave of infections.
For now
Hope so. That’ll make FUBO moon
Source?

Sorry if it is clear to.you guys. Im not from the US.
What price are you gonna cut ties at? 15? 20? Selling on pops and rebuying on dips is probably better than holding long term
UVXY decays over time. $10.30 is not free money if volatility doesn't rise.
Loaded Jan 15 $845 $850 and $900
Thank you bro, i shall increase my position now.
Your DD is valid and makes my nutsack warm.

Nao ha me ha. 🙏

#TotheMoon↗️
I'll believe in NIO once they are able to make their shitty CCP owned manufacturer scale up to TSLA level and keep that same quality like now with more than a few thousand cars produced.
[Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/hrorfa/i_will_invest_100000_into_whatever_is_the_top/?sort=top),

>TSLA $3500 Sept Call option highest available

was the top comment
My play is Akerna, avoids trying to work out who will win and lose in the consumer game and just makes money from the winners compliance costs. Some states require marijuana companies to use Akerna systems already and more will do so with legalization meaning their customers are trapped and the stock will be a guaranteed winner
Found Cals Cake and I am not sure what kind of sign this is...

https://www.instagram.com/p/CEqfM3VpkRa/?igshid=zn89zfgfpz0a
You actually don’t know what you’re talking about and the last point you made shows exactly why. That’s exactly what stock price represents and it’s so obvious you have no idea what you are talking about.
She has spoken
Thanks for the insight and info, I appreciate it. I’ll keep researching to find potential alternatives. 👍
This is the reasoning why I'm all in UVXY shares. i just bought a little too early, my average cost is around 12.
Interesting, thanks.
Rumor is tsla is being bought out by the United e.t. federation for gillions of $$$$  tsla 11,563.85 eow
Correct, I know that
Man, that's a long essay. But, seems interesting.
[removed]
It’s such a beautiful province. I’m planning to travel to there soon
So what’s the play?
Shit negro, that’s all you had to say
[deleted]
F
By "undoing" do you mean like hordes of mindless gullible citizens storming their own capitol?
brub really want to start flipping houses this year. got any recs?
Lol “X”?! The non-existing holding company that is not TSLA? you guys are proper brainwashed.
Water. EDIT: longggg PHO, PIO. Just wait until we hit a waterborne pandemic, or sudden mass shortages due to an environmental disaster.
Ok Darth Vader
any volatility ticker that tracks vix futures. vxx, vixy, uvxy, etc. you guys might have different things
He has over 285k in one trading account he’s been trading since 11
he does not want poor people to invest in his stock
Should’ve bought further OTM calls
I wonder how those are for these
They WHAT

Sauce plz? 🍝
Elon has already proposed a plan a few years back at a Governors convention to have the entire US go electric.
He only has to reverse the direction, the rest worked out.
incoming total national shutdown
It was only a crash because of all the fucking algos selling.
If you wanna go full autist join the WSB brotherhood. However if you wanna be a boomer stick your money in a mutual fund and get 7-8% annual.
Seeing how Big Tech supporting new administration, less chances of getting broken up? Bullish.
Do you have any idea what’s the total Uighur population? 3 millions being held in camp means half of them have disappeared. Go to Xinjiang after covid and see if the street is empty or do some quick interviews on locals to see if half of their family members are missing.  China is not perfect, but stop eating into western propaganda my man.
Lol, Mango Man is out of office soon. No chance Biden fucks it up with the new EU/China deal.
>weird way to say me 

I lost it lmao
What? but twitter told me that now Elon could end worldwide poverty by giving away all his networth :/
[deleted]
Thanks, I learned a lot from your post. Racism against Asians is very ugly right now around the world and is not getting the negative attention it deserves to quash it.
Decency
Its cause most people were expecting bigger crash lmao
Huh? 🦻✋
Ideal breast size.
Ohh alright. Damn you too ccp scum!
[deleted]
People are 🤡🤡🤡
It's also better than lead at blocking radiation
Thought the same shit.  God I’m an idiot.
lol
I'm selfish as all fuck. I'd hate to see people gain a quick 2 grand without doing shit when I had to save up months just to get to that amount. Call me a hypocrite because I trade and make a tad bit of money on the side without doing shit but those broke people could have easily done the same
I have a lot of LEAPS and 135c 2/19!!! Too the moon!!! 

You saw the appstore sales raise over New Years? Registration was down over Christmas for like 2 days aswell.....

150-170 is my price target
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Corn futures
[deleted]
[deleted]
Could this be a black swan that causes the EV bubble to burst? Why do we need Tesla’s when we can make UFOs
[removed]
Sold 10,633 shares on Friday, hoping for a dip, but with Biden, M2, some X co encompassing Tesla, SpaceX and Boring - thinking floats the other 2 into 1 and then only has 1 quarterly broker call - it will probably go to the moon and I will end up chasing and buying back in and ending up with 9k of shares. I did something as dumb in August as I did have 12,501 and panicked, but like scary shit at these levels 🙄
I just dont have fucking money to invest in TSLA, but I am sure to do so when I do get some free cash.
that + more clean energy / ev subsidies.

next week is gonna be the runup to mars
10k is not a huge portfolio.
Don’t underestimate the Tesla worshippers. There are legitimately people that put 100% of their life savings into Tesla.
Why would they fail? I'm using a Chinese phone right now that someone bought me on a business trip and it's top quality. The camera kicks ass.
Biden green energy speech on thursday? That’s hella bullish for Tesla 😎
Extrinsic value
So the government says intelligence agencies and pentagon has 180 days to reveal what they know about UFOs

Some redditor from years ago who claims to be abducted says that the UFOs will reveal themselves mid 2021: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1r034d/alien_abductees_of_reddit_or_people_who_have/cdikpd2/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3

Hmm 🤔
I hope you know, I'm not being serious.
God I'm just diving into self hatred for buying baba 250c 1/15 Friday, and I was down 30 percent at close on pure sideways movement
Don't forget water. I legit know this ex meth head who keeps bottles of tap water stashed under the sink because he thinks the world will end. Im not talking like a flat, i mean every bit of space under there is filled with used bottles full of tap water
Please just sell a bunch of your stocks and then let some ride for another couple years.
Oof. You're playing with fire, my man. Maybe you should start learning an instrument or something?
Bullshit you frogfucking shitface, how about you stop sucking your own asshole and start looking at the facts
CHINA will never back down in this Cock Measurment competition, look at the latest developments: https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/09/business/china-rules-trump-biden-sanctions.html

Joey has no choice but to pump up his sloppy old dick and start fucking back, so eat a dick dimwit
"I'm not going to shut down the economy, I'm going to shut down the virus,' Biden said, according to Bloomberg News political reporter Emma Kinery. "There will be no national shutdown.... There's no circumstance I can see that would require a total national shutdown."
Sir, no this is a casino... a casino with 100% win rate
[deleted]
There are 4K deaths a day right now with no lockdown in sight...what does the number have to get to in Feb/March? Esp with the vaccine being rolled out - do you see the numbers getting worse? We just need Amazon to start delivering the vaccine
[deleted]
Off-topic; I've been to yunnan and really liked it there. Wish to travel to other parts of china as well at some point.
I will try there. I'm new to reddit and am still learning the UI and various subs. Also, what type of questions are "allowed" on r/wallstreetbets?
And banks will love this. Banks are the place to be.
It’s FDIC insured out to 250k per person on account meaning you can add Beneficiaries or joint and you you get another 250k insured. Also you’re being stupid that you’re worried about FDIC insurance with a bank
No, he said Taiwan numba 1
Sir, this is the Outback Steak House
[removed]
[deleted]
On ICLN, I’m not in it yet but was planning to pick up either July 2021 or Jan 2022 calls or shares. I don’t have a lot of extra cash laying around (since I’ve been buying the dips in GME 🚀🚀🚀) - what is the better play for ICLN. Shares or slightly OTM calls?
U know I don’t know what that means
Are you factoring inflation also? It wasnt worth$1M/book sold back then. And they weren’t providing a flea market sellers platform like they are doing right now, nor did we think shipping would be significantly cheap like how it is now. (Although that’s gonna soon change)
But Amazon consistently made money..
Tesla has been losing money so far. 
Tesla is going to provide some kind of “Rent-a-Tesla” subscription service or license their autonomous driving data etc... I don’t think their valuation is sustainable. 
It’s like when your crazy uncle keeps asking you for money to fund his business that hasn’t made any money in the last decade. 
But since he is quite the talker, you finally give in every time...
No reason for Europe to force a double dip. Last years crash was nothing to do with fundamentals - was a natural disaster.
Solid DD buying more on monday🚀🚀
Can I have my 5 seconds of my life back?
[deleted]
You're supposed to calibrate your monitor before joining.

R - 0

G - 100

B - 0
I bought shares 1 or 2 months ago, the Plan then was buy shares, Go Long, have Patience and wait. A Lot of posters said this
Is there any way i can join this play from Europe?
[removed]
Not a record but great trade. Did 43,000% overnight on DDD calls last week. Congrats.
Depends on your personal strategy, being overly priced in and irrational is a thing and with those the underlyings in the ETF it could slow down or reverse quickly like any other hope-fueled rally.  Its like TSLA for me---I see it run and its always great in hindsight to say it'd be smart to chase it, but when something looks and feels like its approaching a reasonable top, I don't hop in to chase.  Right now I feel surrounded by so many more good plays than I can throw money at, so as much as I like these ETFs I'm not going to risk it personally
Drugs & bills
You think im not gonna buy puts like last time and make thousands in seconds cuz of CBs?
Stonk go uppies. I trade, I make money. My logic has been flawless
That is simplified Chinese, which makes sense if he’s from China.
You were right it diddnt last an hour
He wrong add a beneficiary or young owner and you’re covered assuming you cash it it out. J.P. Morgan is the best brokerage firm.
Palantir is done, the pump and dump happened and it’s over.
70
alibaba puts a few weeks ago tripled in a day even after the puts jumped a 100% or so at market open
Idk worried sick might throw some uvxy in the mix incase
I mean that's also an appropriate name for csgo. Depends what servers you're on.
Im bullish on green energy
Calls on PLTR
Going for march myself
$ICLN 🚀🚀🚀
Euro is Monopoly money because Europeans don’t actually work and they don’t really produce anything. I’ve been there and seen the work culture. I remember in Spain when I wanted to buy stuff but couldn’t because all the stores randomly just shut down and refuse to accept money.
Realistic: 64-67
Monkey brain: 100
the back also reminded me of an Audi A7 or Panamera
Saving it for taxes
A different color for each value.  Green for USD, blue for Euro, orange for Yen, and red for Yuan.  All paper monies in many colors!
🤡 🤡
Why
Statistically speaking with an average VIX that high for 2020, the returns will be very good a couple years out. If europoors don't fuck things up like in 2010 we won't see a double dip.
哈哈 after all 我们都是wsb的一员 ;)
What is that link? That's just a dude rubbing himself one out over how awesome tesla is. No sources, no comparisons, no data, just pure opinion. I mean ffs he's talking about flying taxis.

Fact is when talking about the car, Tesla has a lot of shortcomings over legacy manufacturers. Shortcomings which scare off the traditional car buyer. Shortcomings which you can't just fix overnight and need years of experience. I don't hate tesla, they have very compelling cars. But they attract a very special kind of buyer which I definitely am not. 

And right now you can get EVs from established manufacturers which have roughly the same range but better supply chains, better QC for less money. 

VAG has 11 EVs based on the MEB lined up until 2023, two already available, one around the corner. Volvo has Polestar. Ford has the Mach-E. The competition is just now starting to get up to a very similar level to Tesla and we're finally seeing some proper competition. And that's why I think Tesla needs to up their game.
I’ll give you my answer once I know if I qualify or not.
Yeah I honestly think I'd be buying some put options to hedge against the downside risk
By then ill be done with options and have my money in index shares, no worries from me then
How far itm should I go for these leaps I got 1 Mara leaps as my first options trade. Gonna cop some nio Monday forsure
dicksucking
could just be hedging in case of any bullshit around inauguration
Do you know what scalability means?
Have you tried r/options?
Lol it's pace was insane the last two weeks. Trading side ways for a couple days isn't the end of the world
[removed]
The Tesla boat will come back soon when the bubble pops
[deleted]
Serious question; Yall think we doin a hard lockdown around feb/march?
More clean energy even though I’m already jacked to the tits
Ahhh. I shall look to see if I can get it. Thank you.

我会看Nio是佛去🌚。
你很聪明。你可能是r/wsb 最聪明或者最傻的。
Penis sized tushie holes
Notice how they said "every book".  Amazon now sells almost everything.  Kinda like tesla being a "vehicle company".  It's an energy disruptor.
You shut your whore mouth
[deleted]
Cocaine on me bois if it flies
You fucking smoking Toenails or what? The fucking EUROPOOR Stock exchanges make up a market capitalization of 10 Trillion €  ALTOGETHER while the NYSE alone has a Cap of 35 Trillion you dumb shit, so how is that good news ? You really think Biden is laying out the China policy? You really must be retarded
Am i the only one who hopes the $2,000 stimulus does not get passed
I would nut
Loaded unreal amounts on Friday

Edit: unreal amounts in comparison to my portfolio
If you are stupid yes, play responsibly
>Just put a 10% stop loss on it and forget about it.

It won't actually be limited 10% if the market panics, everyone's got a stop loss and no one's buying.
Guys seriously I think the 2020s will mirror the 1920s. Big pandemic ends - years of profits and prosperity - big crash at the end. That means that we won’t see another crash like last year for at least 4 years.
Absolute LOL at all the retards in chat who have never heard of learning another language 😂
At present pltr is probably not worth200b, but then again is tsla a 800b company? Valuation and fundamentals are seemingly not relevant in this market anymore
What are you autists buying once you get your $2k stimmy? Trying to frontrun all of you
Chemours ($CC). First glance, looks like major league room to run. 

But sooooooo much liability just waiting to hulk smash it. 

I might throw some money on it.
We lose reserve currency status. Currency collapse.
Much more risk, and the premiums are about the same. I might get 5% more which isn't worth increasing my risk 30x.
Graph looks good, i bet you're right TTD gonna 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
QS to $70 this upcoming week
Theta gang will take all our money
As a young EU student without a single penny to invest in the first place I too, bonk my head
It won’t go past $35 this year
I mean tf do I know but that sounds like exactly the sentiment in every bubble ever.
[removed]
Thats exactly what my sponsor would say! That's why I came to WSB for "advice" but damn it God found me here too.
Bien, y tu?
Yes. Less taxes.
Hard to see a $1T market cap company coming from there though.

Maybe $TSLA will justify that valuation at some point in the next decade.
[deleted]
Seriously, how did u download different stocks? I didn't know there is a form of Pirate Bay for stocks lol
Dude UVXY is at 2020 / 2021 all time lows.  Can it go lower? Yes, however not that much more.  A lot of people are placing very cheap hedges into the future.   Remember; S&P, NASDAQ, DJI & Russell 2000 all of them are at historical highs and they keep going up and this pace isn’t sustainable.  

Many technical chartist are focusing on the S&P reaching a definite upper resistance, most are looking at 3900 few others think it will be 4000.  Either way all expect a significant pullback once we get there (in a percentage basis eat least comparable to the Sep / Oct pullback).  

During those 2 months the UVXY reached $23-$25 currently trading under $11.
Yes. NOW it’s a casino.
Ummm, we told them when we filed our taxes.  And unlike congress most of us can't afford to cheat on our taxes.
No
Nio got good Reviews from German Youtubers who Tested the ES6. Basically the biggest downside was that the Cars are Not available in Europe yet.
If europeans get over the Brand thing and see positive reviews, I guess the Cars will sell.
PT for NIO eow ?
Elon dies
Just a 1000% gain every year and boom you’re there.
[removed]
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Get-Rich-or-Die-Tryn|[What are sone good leaps you would buy if you have 200k?](https://redd.it/kub2js)
/u/Jaded_Appointment354|[Trxc](https://redd.it/kubbh8)
/u/tfeqs|[NIO?????](https://redd.it/kubh9k)
/u/2rofl2|[Buy CLPT](https://redd.it/kucq66)
/u/Krowsfeet|[Hey newbie here 👋, I’d like to know the basic slang like rainbow bear and bull is, also any other things I’d need to know before getting into this](https://redd.it/kucuhe)
/u/OptimistInvestor|[Is 2021 gone be Netlist year explodes!!!](https://redd.it/kud0br)
/u/ttapecut|[HELP TO INVEST](https://redd.it/kud0gt)
/u/OnlyCallsForever|[TSLA Calls, should I sell?](https://redd.it/kud865)
/u/goofytoottt|[Someone help me?](https://redd.it/kudd4k)
/u/piss-in-a-bottle|[Is PLTR dead or does God hate me?](https://redd.it/kudwl2)
when do you expect the crash and what will be the trigger in your opinion?
Their names are too hard to pronounce
I got 1/13 381 calls.

Always buy a little after opening bell,  only half yolo. Then average down if it dippies
I think I'm in love with you.
Why would there be a crash? Do people not realise the crash was March last year?
Similar situation, I’m getting some more $ over the next month.. just trying to figure if this area should still be my focus.
$ICLN
No my friend, you have to speak the way HE thinks a Chinese person who speaks English would speak. I’m also multilingual and have dealt with similar comments...
If Cohen is present during the conference we ll have a great week, otherwise even if the price drops, it s another opportunity to buy the dip. GME is going to the moon, don t sell because you re scared, buy because there s a dip! 

Obligatory 🚀🚀🚀GME to the moon and beyond🚀🚀🚀
Hold till expiration and keep my desk organized. At first I’ll be surprised by the expensive meals, cocaine, and prostitutes. But it will grow on me. I will work tirelessly and have a single minded focus. - Goldman prospect 2021
That's what I'm doing
[deleted]
Young people now will see this and have 1 more reason to not get married :(
Oh shit someone exposed me. How about reverse my suggestion and buy some puts?
Lmfaooooooo
Just wait til you 'investors' start spending your investment $$$
PLTR time is yet to come, if you have money locked in there now you miss big opportunities.
Sounds like this guy's dirt poor with only 2.6 million
In my opinion it shares some of the best features of other brands. Front shares a bit of TSLA, but makes it more aggressive. The back looks like a BMW with the taillights of a Porsche Macan. The sides look a bit like a Jaguar F type.
You're hardwork, and DD is unappreciated sir. I saw no.🚀🚀🚀 in the title. Its TSLA gang, and beyoooood!
TSLA has been so fucking strong that if we are in a bubble that pops, I'm still going to BTFD.
Sounds like a pig honestly lol or Darth Vader and a pig
New account nice shill.
It's just what people want to hear though.
If only we had some sort of internal revenue service.
didnt read
They usually add a bunch of extra hidden rental fees to internet only charge, so check if you’re allowed to use your own modem to bring monthly cost down. You can break even in less than a year with your modem purchase.
This shithole is the only glimmer of light in my pathetic life.  Good morning!
you should not trade dude, your logic too simple
The economic data for the US is so manipulated lol. Can’t wait for next month when they revise the jobs numbers to say we actually gained 200,000 jobs for December like for October and November.
Good point. No max. As you say, will depend on usage.
Dumbass question but.. what’s the difference between this and VXX?
So, err, what's new on the stimmy front? When are we getting $2000?
BULLISH TECH BULL MARKET UNTIL 2027

STAY IN THE MARKET AND GET RICH BOYS
700 shares and 1.4k warrants 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Gex index is showing a decent drop, buffet indicator is too. Eventually in the long term (or short term) it could hit $40-50
Being loved
No one thinks about the *wild* hogs.
Would it be wise to buy however?
[deleted]
[removed]
Will you shut up man
When the crash happens we’re all going to be completely wiped out
Dude, it's literally only hospitality and leisure, all other sectors gained jobs

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWYYR0CUqLQ&ab\_channel=YahooFinance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWYYR0CUqLQ&ab_channel=YahooFinance)

Stop trading on noise. Don't be dumb money, stop nowcasting and start forecasting.
Not when you have 3000 shares of the hottest ticker on the market.
Bought more at the top on Friday https://imgur.com/pVgVCOE.jpg
Fuck you money is 2.5 million dollars? Shit man my student debt wipes out a quarter of that lmao.
Solid post bro. Been in and out of Nio shares and options for gain but good to get local Chinese market POV!
You would think so right?   TSLA at over 800b market cap, surely it's a red day?   Well, it's TSLA.
I am overqualified.
Bears tomorrow definitely.
[deleted]
Sad I had to google this quote...Thanks!
Gaijin (外人) is Japanese, not Chinese.
what do you think it'll pop too eventually?
Men with tik tok slap their own asses during sex
What’s the effect on the dollar *before* this is announced?
wtf you talking about, you have IBKR, TigerBrokers, and you can use almost any broker based in SG or HK, loooool
I just wish it was possible to tell Vanguard to take money from my bank account once a year up to 6k and put it in my Roth IRA if VTSAX drops below 60...
As a mod you can choose to distinguish your name, or not. Makes it easier to have conversations if you're on your "off-time".
Probably not.  I opted not to get into those in the mid to late summer and fall because it was all just hype and pricing in back then---those companies in the ETFs weren't skyrocketing to pre-COVID valuations or business levels by any means, but they just keep running and have been long before we knew for sure about changes to congress or the executive
This gives me hope we're at the top.
[deleted]
[removed]
Shares, if it goes down just keep averaging down till it pops
No
Can you even buy nio in the us?
you mean english?
[deleted]
Look up a summary on YouTube. Their new ET7 blows TSLA out of the water in terms of range, specifics and looks.
Except, if you cash out and buy a fat house before the inflation matches your gains you will have the nice house to live in.  Real estate has always been a rich person's hedge against inflation.
semen
yeah lol
In my perfectly professional retard opinion, PLTR is a long term play. Either do long term calls or stock. Playing weeklies with PLTR is enjoying self harm.
Tesla
[removed]
Check his indicator for malfunction. It has been going off every now and then
Could you recommend a forum in which I could possibly ask another person the questions I have? I have watched several hours of video but the questions I listed about went relatively unanswered (Aside from Question 3). Thanks!
No, porque no soy mexicano
Red day for TSLA tomorrow to bang all the FOMO tards right?
Why do you think it's all in the tech? A good car which a regular consumer wants to buy needs much more than just good tech. 

I don't think tech is Teslas biggest advantage. Their biggest advantage and selling point is the charging infrastructure. I mean I'm looking to get an EV in the coming years and the only reason I'm considering a Tesla is their charging network. 

But their biggest issue by a mile is QC. I've driven a few Model S, I've ridden in a lot (quite a few cabs in my city are Model S) and my neighbour has a one year old Model S. For example the interior looks appealing but the quality is shocking for a €100k car. It squeaks, rattles and the materials aren't very nice. And this is a big issue. You can't iron those issues out overnight, especially if you're planning on scaling up production.

My point is you might think they have a huge tech advantage (btw, in what way?), I think that's arguable. But tech is not what makes a car. It's the package. 

Right now people are willing to overlook those issues in order to drive a Tesla. But that's a small customer base which is going to get smaller and smaller.
Calls or shares?
What about it?
Shares.....What was I thinking?
Thanks for your DD dude, sorry about the retards at the end of the day we're a bunch of retards. NIO to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Wait can you explain how did you do it? What you actually bought of tesla? Stocks, options?
Haha you have a point, some are retarded good people, some are truly just smooth brains
Buy the man a beer
This is pretty concerning
The NIO ET7 is soo beautiful that I want to take it out to a nice dinner and blow her full of cum in its battery charge port.
Who is getting crushed harder: bears today or bears tomorrow?
It's cap gains tho  so 15%
me too lol. although my average price is like 11.50
Yeah 

I have a big portfolio to hedge
Damn you ccp scum
The only thing being dumbed down here is your self awareness.
China's Ministry of Commerce unveiled an order Saturday for "counteracting unjustified extraterritorial application of foreign laws." The rules establish a vague and open-ended regime aimed at dissuading the U.S. and other foreign governments from adopting unilateral sanctions or applying them against Chinese entities and individuals, Lester Ross, partner-in-charge of law firm WilmerHale's Beijing office, told Barron's via email.

The order from the Ministry of Commerce would let Chinese companies sue in court for damages and to overturn foreign judgments, said Henry Gao, an associate professor of law at Singapore Management University who focuses on China and trade issues.

But large Chinese companies or those with global aspirations may be reluctant to bring complaints against foreign counterparts under the rules, Ross notes. Gao concurs, adding that, for now, it may just be aimed at creating a "balance of terror" to deter other U.S. moves.
Take half, be millionaire
You’re literally only taking NORWAY into consideration.  How about we use, oh I don’t know, America.

https://cleantechnica.com/2020/08/12/tesla-model-3-y-chevy-bolt-nissan-leaf-audi-e-tron-sales-us-ev-sales-report/
I am certian this is going to atleast 1200 in 3 months. After that i think its better to cash tf out.
Yeah but it's like $59.99 for only internet, but, 120 channels, twice the download speed, etc for $64.99. The marginal difference is to low.
IB is about $0.65 per contract.
🤡
They killed it because people didn't use it. Most Americans have houses and can charge at home.
you can search it on the app store, not sure if you have to switch to the China region or not
They're already selling tequilas so it's close.
You gotta know when to pump it, know when to dump it.

Know when to sell your calls, know when to fold

You never count your money, when the market's open.

They'll be time for countin, when the market's closed.
Do you think gains from ICLN, TAN, and FAN have all been priced in for this year considering the incoming US gov’t?
Thanks for this amazing article 🚀🚀Also, what did you expect from a community with people 
rooting for Jack Ma on Nio day 😂😂 Nevertheless WSB is love.
[deleted]
[deleted]
*Types ticker into search bar* Research bitch
awesome. they fillled a whole stadium. had an own band. their new car is amazing. nio day was lit
It's CSCO. Counter Strike Casually Offensive
Green energy and environmental friendly alternatives probably. Can see the paper industry doing well if stores switches from plastic bags to paper bags since they are biodegradable
Sell everything, you have your pension
Where do you live where 30/40k is not enough to live on? I live in of the most heavily taxed country (Belgium) and I make 30k€ a year. Even with a son my life is definitely comfortable. I never stress about money. 

If i was alone and had that kind of money without doing anything, I'd just retire and travel the world indefinitely. In half of the world you can live like a king with 30k a year.
ofc (nope)
You can just pay for a phone line and internet, why would you be paying TV too? What country are you from?
Nope.
Moving the goalpost much? First it's other car manufacturers slept on the matter.. then it's that everyone already got a model 3? 

Have you considered the possibility that Tesla isn't going to take the market by storm and is actually just another car manufacturer?
[deleted]
Are you guys buying the calls from Citi or JP Morgan? Please help out a noob like me, I am just getting into the game! :)
So you’re basically saying that atm ARM has the biggest market share because the market more or less chose to leave this branch alone? And I’ve indeed read that Apple possibly could go look for another chip designer if that’s the case?
[deleted]
I feel it's at least running to 50k. After that is unclear. There will be another crash eventually then it will lie low until the next halving.
This gives me hope that were near the top
It’s big enough that your mom enjoyed it
Is this why Bezos hates speculators and won't split the stock
Wow!  Good for you!  Makes me happy to see people doing well.   Do you own a Tesla?
Real talk. Where is this Nio app? Is it a mini program I can get on wechat or Alipay?
fidelity, and trading view are my one-two punch
[deleted]
Why are you breathing like a paedophile?
So how did NIO day go?
Ah okay. No idea how that stacks up to IB then.
Wow that’s pretty crazy. Again, congrats.
Lol. Retards here. Love the username and thanks for the dd. Love nio. Been in em since 10$. Incredible company doing incredible things.
Lol.. all cable providers have internet only subscription options.  Cox for example. Have you tried calling them?
Proof your Chinese, take a pic of your pp if it's small then we believe you.
Get to 2 mill and join the multi-millionaire club
Ccp red commie-troll makibg add 4 stinky ccp commie fraud stonk which is gonna be delisted soon.
[deleted]
Tesla has an $850bn market cap.

5 x to 15 x again? Do you even know what that would mean?
As did I. Pretty much the reason why I’m unemployed atm and has the audacity to go out to the French Laundy for dinner with lobbyist. Only for me not for thee
I agree
why? do you really think if something growing - it should fall? for fuck sake this logic, what is the idea behind that? People who catched so much profits will not gonna sell the thing that simply works, your expectations are ridiculous lol
Just pound your chest, do coke and pull it at least 3 times a day.
I m not familiar with that matter, I think it’s quite difficult but possible. you’d have to do your own research on this. Sorry I can’t help more
well if its elliot wave u are looking at it is not near the 5-3 move, it is only truely at 3-3.5 parts of the bullish trend move, so there a big chance people will miss out on calls or directly loose on puts honeyBuddy.
Well more lockdowns means big tech just monopolizes harder and big tech is 50% of spy, so bullish.
thank you fellow palantarian
[deleted]
Love the portfolio name, keep up the good work.
You can, there are options on some exchanges
[removed]
[deleted]
26th
Homelander has entered the chat
Yo necesito dinero
The buyer of a put isn't the contract writer what are you even talking about
Car companies aren't publishing their findings, and aren't objective. Lol we're talking about comparisons. 

Not special. Just has the best performing tech they can make much cheaper. TSLA is going to $2,500

https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/12/07/loup-ventures-munster-tesla-future-squawk-box.html
[deleted]
This had me rolling on the floor
Imagine asking such a stupid question without providing your geography.
Like I said, the 15 people who live in Norway already bought a Model 3.  If they didn’t want them why did they crush sales in 2019?  

Could it be much more *affordable* cars were available in 2020 for the majority of people?  Most people don’t spend 50%+ of their yearly income in a car.   That’s how expensive Tesla’s are in Norway.
It's tough for those old enough to remember AMD crashing and being worse than cash in the mattress for over a decade...and I am no boomer!!!  I remember the last AMD split (at least in my memory from almost 20 years ago) and thinking that the stock was going places.  Then looking at it 6 years ago and thinking what a waste that would have been.
Relaxing
when is palantir presenting its programs to the public?
You are on the internet.
Why are UVXY buying volumes so big? Big institutions hedging?

[https://www.tradingview.com/chart/UVXY/jeyP4EO7-UVXY-Duplicate-Chart-Pattern-From-March-Crash/](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/UVXY/jeyP4EO7-UVXY-Duplicate-Chart-Pattern-From-March-Crash/)
If you buy calls and NIO keeps going at this rate it could be 1-2 years
WWGO - where we go one, since it's mostly QAnon and cult shit anyway
indicator means nothing, because doesn't take into account all the QE
10 years??
[deleted]
Mr.Beast brought out an entire Gamestop store. Thats more sales than they've have in the last 10 years. GME is mooning at open on monday, dw.
That’s because the dollar rules
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/OutKastGamingHD the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Probably unless it’s a sell the news event whitch by the charts says this was
We’re not fooled Mr.”deepfuckingvalue”
Wish i could buy puts i feel the crash coming too
[deleted]
si... que pasa?

 imagine the massive dip left to buy though? Lmfaooo think off the gains from post bubble Amazon to Amazon now. I can buy the Tesla crash and retire by 40 when it comes back
Sounds like some analysts talking about Tesla today.
Sounds like you're just salty you didn't believe Elon when the stock was $50. I really don't care that much about what Elon says, I'm trying to make money here. 

You have to look at the ideas by themselves. I doubt Elon actually thinks that much about this stuff, he really just throws shit out there to see what sticks. Your best bet is to look at what they've done in the past and try to predict what they will do in the future, using what Elon says as general direction.
Damn the big boys have been revealing themselves
Stimulus will probably prop it up

Printing money is good for betcone
Japanese lol
And if you dumped it into Enron, you'd be scrubbing toilets still
Si wey!
[deleted]
Doing nothing
Thanks. I hope you do DD on BABA next
you wasted your time and mine.
Your baba is good though I m stuck with me end of feb 260c that I bought the day before the antitrust investigation
It’ll drop 50% in the next 6 months or so IMO.
Not as many as will if you're their finance guy on "Wall Street".
Lol some kid put in a lot of effort to post a super long thread on the front page asking for advice on an actual career on wall street only to have it deleted minutes later by mod. Hope he saved it to repost in cfa or finance subs.
First time penalty abatement. If you need more info, let me know.
[removed]
A dip would be nice to buy TSLA on sale, on it's way to $2,500

https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/12/07/loup-ventures-munster-tesla-future-squawk-box.html
Fuck you
Netflix will not lose customers and is still massively growing.
Stiil got Chinese friends and a stake in property - helps to keep me up to date thanks.
[removed]
When you’re too retarded for a real brokerage app, Robinhood is there for you 🥰
What tech is ancient?  The chassis?  Tesla has best OTA update, best self driving tech, range, speed, and acceleration.  While a 2013 kind of looks like a 2020 (not at all from the front), the tech inside is night and day difference.  The tech in a 2021 3 isn’t superior to a 2021 S.
How does the stock market work?
Tu hablas español?
You have no clue about what you are talking about.
That's what I mean. I often buy 10+ contracts, so it would be $10 + fees. No need for currency fair. Thanks though.
[deleted]
Absolutely not. But there is rationale behind these prices, so it’s not just as simple as “40,000 cars”.

You can’t compare directly to Ford for instance.

Either way, I’m in, very wary of the downside.
[deleted]
Yeah we all would be millionaires if we'd know that, thanks!
Stonks always go up.

But there is *extreme* market volatility on the horizon.

Sell $640,060.00 as insurance, buy a gym membership, nice car and guns, and let the rest go to the moon!

Because even if the very expected crash happens next week, TSLA will stonk it up after that and you'll win big over time.

TSLA $2K before five years, no doubts. But the next three are going to be a bit fucking shit I reckon.
“The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the FOMO”
Thanks for this post. It's nice to hear from someone with boots on the ground.

There is no doubt that NIo will be bigger than Hauwei... And there in lies the problem. Look at what happened to Hauwei now... banned in most western places.

Is there anyway for a non Chinese person to invest directly in the Chinese stock market?
NIO calls!
$WKHS is going to takeoff in a big way this year.
Yes literally just keep doing what your doing diversified and you’ll do great, you already got that market eye
You guys think shartcoin still has room to run?
The 6th of April it's my bday lol
Buy puts then 🌈🐻
🤦‍♂️
What platform? Whenever I look, tesla calls are always way more than $30, even at the highest strike.
Give us some insider info when you get the chance.
anyone trade GEF ??
Someone lost some money ;)
[removed]
Vmc is a good infrastructure call
Thank you for an actual insight!!
I think Alibaba is undervalued atm, but not sure if it’s a good time to go in as nobody knows when they gonna stop dropping and bounce back
puts on memecoin? what
Ah, back in the day when people thought Amazon was just an online book store.
yeah my dumb ass knows nothing about stocks outside of the *very* basics. 

typical robinhooder. 

buy low, sell never. that’s the way it works, yeah?
No. No it is not.
Same with what I'm seeing on stocktwits. It's not true bear sentiment though, it's like bulls who are experimenting with their sexuality
Legally can’t do that advertise it like that
Split between $BILI and $BEKE
How is it better?  Long range model s 2020 has same range, plaid and 2021 long range will have more.   Tesla has more horsepower, faster acceleration, better tech, and starts at 69k instead of 80k euros.  But yeah, totally better car if you’re euro trash or a rapper.
Tendies r tendies. Geely stonk up 100%+  😁
Just because its Chinese name wèi lái translates to future doesn't mean NIO has one.
if you're not selling its not a gain...not yet anyway.
This is a casino.  Piss off.
First suggestion is to post in a sub that will actually help you. Finance or cfa subs are your best bets.
all of the steep declines after spikes on the all time chart have double spikes a bit later 🤔
You think it'll stay up an hour?
So we can make 1 tesla a company a year
ARBKF is my next larger holding
I approve
Not sure where you got that number from? Their website says $1 to open and free to close. Max comission for a leg is $10.

I just checked and if I wanted to buy AAPL C140 Feb 26 at $4.80 I would pay $1 comission + $0.14 fees for one contract. Max comission is $10. So 10x contracts would cost 10x this (total $11.36). But 50x contracts would only see an increase in fees and not commission and would total $16.79. Hope that makes sense.

I editted my last comment as the referral is for CurrencyFair, which you need to transfer in to Tasyworks, unless you already have a USD bank account (which some European banks offer). Referral for that if you need it is is https://www.currencyfair.com/rafland/?channel=RBR1Z1
Thank you, I'm from Europe, so our media is really US driven. Would you say it's a good move to invest now because of this?
All in NIO so we can flash our 10-bagger $2M accounts to future WSB’ers in 10 years?
Hm, thats a very good way to get your macros in
Dude, this is my shit over the past couple of months.
Weed, stonks, music. 


Can't wait for Covid to be done with, but for now I'm just making the most out of my days gaining knowledge and finding gems.


Godspeed retards
Welcome to visit China again after covid is over. China has changed a lot since then and you might be surprised
[deleted]
Time for some honest feedback.

If you don't even have the ambition to do your own research, a little reading, maybe a video or two, and even *attempt* to understand what we do, then you have no business being on our gambling sub.  And, I should note, you've got a pretty big snowflake complex to just walk in here, drop your shit infront of 1.7 million people, and expect everyone to stop the game to explain the basic rules to you.

It's your money, but do yourself a favour?  

Go away.  Never comeback.
[removed]
So you're saying Elon could give us all a $4k stimulus check by himself? Bullish af tbh
Solid strategy
Worse range, worse performance, worse Tech, 12k more.  But yeah, the InTeRiOr!!21!
yeah boi
Sir this is wendy’s
Like I said in my other replies, with the Mango man gone, I think the chance of them delisting Nio is very very slim, tho the risk is there
hold off your tsla
We really lost jobs last month on the job report and rallied 1%. The market is just a casino now. It’s not trading on a fucking v shape recovery anymore or a perfect world scenario.
No salary I’m afraid but I’m allowed to eat every slice of tomato that I drop on the floor
Tesla puts for Monday
Is Tesla making any money?
Norway is one of the richest nations in the world.

https://cleantechnica.com/files/2020/12/Top-20-electric-vehicles-in-Norway-jan-dec-2019-CleanTechnica.png

So no, they can afford them, they just don't want them.
Okay.... so teach me how to count cards.
been thinking about this a lot lately.

i think it was 2016 or 2017 when a Treasury yield spike led to two 1,000 point drops in the Dow within a few weeks.

i missed my shot... i was thinking of buying Citigroup LEAPS a few months ago.  banks could do extremely well if Treasury yield spreads widen.  Now C is back to $65.  2021 may be very good for banks.
sell wife and TSLA, go balls deep in dog
Thank you!
Do you know if there are any etfs that track the green food movement? shit like hyfm, bynd

i think that'll also have huge potential in the next 5 years
So you’re saying buy Tesla calls?
That's better than Stripe.
Sir, this is a casino
Thanks for advertising! How much are they paying you?
Because our "fair" and "unbiased" mainstream media doesn't constantly shove this in your face:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1989_%C3%9Cr%C3%BCmqi_unrest

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baren_Township_riot

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_%C3%9Cr%C3%BCmqi_bombings

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1997_%C3%9Cr%C3%BCmqi_bus_bombings

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Uyghur_unrest

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Kashgar_attack

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Aksu_bombing

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Hotan_attack

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Kashgar_attacks

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pishan_hostage_crisis

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tianjin_Airlines_Flight_7554

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/April_2013_Bachu_unrest

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/June_2013_Shanshan_riots

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Kunming_attack

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_2014_%C3%9Cr%C3%BCmqi_attack

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Juma_Tayir
Cisco has always been a good dividend growth stock not a big common stock.
Chik Fil A
I know some people might downvote me because China has to be the evil lol. Jack Ma was doing something similar that led up to the 2008 crisis in China with the Ant group and got stopped by the government. Right after CPC warned Jack Ma, Alibaba teamed up with Nestle trying to get some monopoly stuff going in Yunnan for their coffee bean business, and CPC prolly got mad, (so are the entire Yunnan province) Jack Ma probably got called up to Beijing and got warned by officials in person and is just staying away from the public for now
If it ain’t about new green deal I don’t want it
also smaller payroll
Tastytrade also works.
yep, not selling my luckycoffe stronk this time!
[deleted]
That's so American, even the new shit is sad and old.    Japan had trains going 90 MPH in **1957!**
People on reddit think everybody’s as poor as them lmao
I'm honestly all for NIO, but my biggest worry is one day the chinese stocks getting de-listed
🌈why you use the hard Chinese, not simplified Chinese.
Spent 2 years working in Beijing 2007-8 plus many visits there previously and to other parts. Loved it! Thanks for this  'bro :)
From a friend, “You’re going to make a shit ton of money, with no time to spend it, and by the time you can you’ll be so run-down you won’t want to do anything”
What did I just read.
Thanks dude, I appreciate your insight
X is not part of Tesla though?
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You don’t know what you’re doing. Options are not stocks. This is the most insane thing I’ve ever seen done and posted here
Some or one in particular I was scrolling through last night are claiming to be millionaires in other avenues, hence why they aren’t or won’t sell; but it was just a joke on my part nonetheless.
[deleted]
The important question is if you have 100k, what would you do NOW?
Pay off any high interest debt, pay off your house and buy a couple of new cars and you're set, leave the rest in there to grow even more.
Wait whaaatt?? 60-80k? Is that how much a bj  behind the Chinese Wendy's really cost?
plus, i’m gonna be fucking ICED OUT as society collapses around me
[removed]
[deleted]
I hope so I’ll ride it all the way up!
Big Fucken Tendies
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku5pjl/remember_when_amazon_was_overvalued_this_is_tesla/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
Buy low. You think RC won't accumulate under $17?
High unemployment is actually bullish af. Less people in the workforce equals more people with more time to shop
Loving yourself is gay
Righto then, these ball bags are in.
This is the most reasonable comment on here - he's obviously put in work behind the scenes and he knows that WSB hold a significant proportion of shares but he can't just talk to us openly without being subject to breaking the law.

I think there might be a surprise at ICR and it probably has something to do with moving to tech. 

IMO he's moving towards PC gaming - that way he can use the relationship with Microsoft (who don't forget are arguably the biggest firm in terms of computing), to create a monster in that area. Don't forget he now follows those 2 PC magazines/ websites 

Lastly, wouldn't be surprised if he did a joint venture with Microsoft for GME to create a really powerful monster to hoover up all that potential in the industry. Ridiculous potential exists for GME. 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Oh shit Norway.  Norway, the Mecca of civilization.  Tesla’s fucked.  The 10 people that live there all already have Teslas.

Could it be a model 3 cost a shit ton there because of taxes and import fees?  That when Giga Germany opens people who aren’t loaded can afford them because they won’t be 75k?
Jersey Mikes
Twenty one BABA 3/19 250 calls & Four TSLA 1/15 870 calls ready for tomorrow 😎🆙🔜🚀🚀🚀
The system has already collapsed,  the shock waves just haven't hit yet.
Lol damn you got balls of steel.

I have $0 in stocks right now.

I wouldn't touch that hot-air with a 100-foot pole.
Me. Haven't been to a mechanic in years. I want an ev, but electrical shit is next level. Once things are swappable I won't have to give my life savings for simple maintenance.
Average down.
He needs to fuck off.
Who is PSTH gonna merge with?
Even being a bear, one thing I was bullish on last year was Veritone. Like they had good earnings and everything 3rd quarter. Stock drills to $9 for some reason after earnings. So I said fuck it sold my $10 calls and decided not to fuck with it anymore. Just  checked the stock and it’s at $38 now. Wtf. Bruh  I need to just commit and be patient.
Thank u , looking forward to check it out!
I feel like you’ve come to the wrong subreddit here buddy... but enjoy being called a virgin for the next hour in these comments :)
I’d recommend taking half now and then letting the rest ride. Depends on how much you need or want the money. If I am making enough on stocks, I’ll sell and use it to buy a house to rent out.
Better touch up my resume
Can't wait for Monday.  I'm still on the hood so gonna put CMC gains into Cleveland or SCHN i think.  Cleveland is already ripping though so idk.

One thing I'll disagree with is the Browns are all grown up.  I think they are gonna come out to play this week.  6 points is a big number if the Browns can shorten the game.
Some insights too on BABA? What's up with Jack Ma and your government?
gold and silver will crash again but even harder in preparation for endless QE, retarded-UBI stimmy, and runaway stagflation 

TSLA $5000
https://cleantechnica.com/files/2020/12/Top-10-automobiles-sales-in-Norway-january-november-2020-CleanTechnica.png

https://www.bovag.nl/BovagWebsite/media/BovagMediaFiles/Cijfers/2020/Autoverkopen-december-2020.pdf?ext=.pdf

Yes they are.
Do you have BTWN and LAZR? Those also make me hard.
There was some trader on Twitter in September that called SPY 380 or something ridiculous by spring and I remember laughing.
Was hoping for black girls
Just woke up to realize when I went to turn my heat down a couple degrees before bed, I turned it off by accident 

went to take a leak and my willy was chilly ❄
Read the full post, it’s worth it :)
Thinking about buying some PLUG and RIOT, thoughts?
u/Savevideo
It's the margins. Sure they sell a lot of stuff, but they sell everything so cheap they're only making like $0.20 or $0.50 on a lot of items. The most profitable arm of their company is the cloud computing. They were the first company to really get a foothold in that industry, and they're still number one. Once they built out all the data centers, it's super cheap to run them, and they basically print money.
I don’t think any of them were millionaires before, so dumping half a mil (aka all they had) into a single company is a pretty huge risk with huge loss porn potential.
Like 40%
Congrats OP, maybe a dividend case past 2030 then never selling will pay for your life and you’ll have more money than you will need.
They sold all their US operation
Imagine you bought 5k worth of leaps at a 1$ FCEL though
Yeah this post is fucking braindead lmfao. “It’s. It a bubble I have too much money in it”
[removed]
I think the Subway at Wall Street is looking for new sandwich artists
https://news.yahoo.com/fact-check-claims-electoral-fraud-020827880.html
Hahaha okay thank you
EB Games is in Canada too. They have a good reputation (good reviews) and Canada handled the pandemic well.
Congrats bro!!!
Anyone that says that with a modicum of certainty is a fool.

[https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/unemployment-rate](https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/unemployment-rate)

Look at the 10y/25y and you'll see the recovery has been far more robust than 2008.
So I can own a whole bunch of shares of something I stumbled on. I feel like going with arkg is giving up and following team Cathy
[deleted]
I always keep talking about getting some stock in promising companies but I've never meddled with it and frankly have no clue what I'm doing but small investment wouldn't hurt too much. Wish I did invest in tesla ages ago as I said.
Trading SIGL is available on Interactive Brokers  just fyi
The S-Class.....sorry, what else do you think I could have been talking about?
Man I seriously need to do options
We’re literally going to have the Roaring 20’s again.
Sure...... sure mate
That’s why gold is gold
and that’s just the fake number, not counting all of the people dropping out of the labor force because they’re depressed and on heroin now
Which is what?  The EQS?  The car with less range, worse tech and cost more than an equivalent Tesla?  The one that’s not for sale yet?
No, that would be thinking Tesla has done nothing for the last 10 years. The Model S is ancient tech for Tesla now. Just tired of the continuous talk about "Tesla-killers". The germans will continue to fall behind until they stop trying to make their EVs fit their traditional business models.
Musk isn’t becoming President?
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't think so. It'll go trade sideway for maybe a few weeks before going up again.
the sell off was Friday when the news came out
60 mins duping the public with sensationalism “Not a dime!”. Yeah, lots of growing companies don’t turn true profits on their balance sheets
I agree lol
I am.. wtf.. can Chinese people not use “mate” ????
[deleted]
And then when it turns out they sold 400 cars and not 4000, people will be blind sided.  Just like only 2000 people in China died from COVID according to the PRC — totally legit numbers.  Authoritarian governments never lie!
Something like “little wing” lol
Bag holder. Checking in.
No one is buying a growth company for its current PE or revenues.

The PE ratio for Tesla is 1,800
The PE ratio for Apple is 42
The PE ratio for Coca-Cola is 20

Do you get the picture?
You get passionate about it. It’ll make you more money if you do it in your spare time like a hobby. Karp and PLTR is a nice little obsession for me; I think of it like a Chanel in the wardrobe of other luxury curated items.

Now shut up, bitch. Moon. 🚀
Yep
What’s up with all these people flashing 10+ baggers on TSLA who were already rich enough to dump half a mill into it? We are broke retards here, sirs.
Preach
They might, but for now, I like how they save the money on building factory and use that budget on R&D and maintaining high quality services and building swapping stations etc
Awesome. Just had a look though and it looks like it's up to $10 per contract? That'd work out more than IB.

Anyway shoot an invite and I'll check it out.
Yeah this was the point I came to make. It'll likely be a similar situation.
Due diligence
Is there an example in English?
No, it's puberty
Hoping my TSLA 2/5 1200c prints so I can sell it tomorrow and buy more MARA & ARKK
Mango needs to host the next haters ball  lol
It varies from miner to miner but yea it's a pricey endeavor
Mt will be 200 bucks by the time gme ever happens.
SPY 420.69 🚀
You my man, deserve some kind of genius award.... Mods please see this man has a title befitting his intellectual capacity.
I agree with you but the stock doesn't
All caps when you spell the name
Why did the Canadian pot bubble burst on legalization day?
But can NIO CEO dance?
Once you get used to it, the data, charts and analytic tools are endless.
Mate? Thought you were Chinese?
Na they do international accounts. I'm in the UK and registered with UK details.

It was a pain to figure out how to transfer in, but now I'm set up it's easy. 

Happy to help if you want. You have to transfer in from. USD account, which it you don't have you can set up using CurrencyFair (which TastyWorks recommend) and I can get you (and I) €50 referral bonus with them.

FYI non-US users don't get the special introductory offer TastyWorks advertise on their homepage.
Who the fuck has 100k sitting around haha. U obviously are a multi millionaire...
If TSLA is 4k Nio is worth 3-500 by EOY
Let's be honest. This season is the first time most of these autists will be paying taxes.
So it's a representation of real life? Actually yea, that tracks
There’s absolutely no point in holding them any longer. What’s the upside potential? Maybe 100$? Fair value of the share IS 100$ so there’s your -80% Risk. But hey. Good job bragging. This is a once in a life time bubble and you hit it. Congrats. Now it’s Time to realize your earnings or you‘ll realize that that number you posted is not money. It’s just a number until you sell.
I just read a stat that says it costs $1,200/oz to get gold out of the ground. 

That’s more than I would have expected.
Ha. True!
Heard unemployment won’t reach 2019 levels again for a decade. Bullish af.
It’s just my opinion mate. I respect your points as well and good to hear different voices
Also due to consumer preferences in the USA.

The Chinese social conditions are very different so different ownership models appeal in each country.
So so so so bad
Guys if Tesla was actually a bubble (not saying it is) why would it burst the week before Biden becomes President? I don’t mind Burry thinking 2008 will happen again but why would it happen now of all times?
Will share it here if I find it. Damn! it's hard to find stuff on reddit.
r/blacktears
This news is a year old (Feb 5, 2020)- priced in...
[deleted]
Hedge for being unreasonably long
you have puts?if so on what?
Jeff Bezos, “yeah? Hold my beer.”
I think the product matters in this case , new technology versus books only amazon
BFT pleas fly again
I agree it was bearish even over the summer
Yeah.  A guy I served with is stuck in SC too barely making it,  and he's a talented guy.  His daughter lives there and his Ex won't move so he's in a holding pattern for another 6 years. 

Shit ain't gonna get better in Cali until it gets much worse. 

Even if Newsom is recalled, it won't change anything.  The leadership at the state and municipal levels is geared towards suckling resources from the producers and giving them to every Juan Dick and Harry that walk across the border. 

good luck,  and may tendies rain upon you soon.
Will remember this post when I reach tendie heaven 🚀🚀
Gotta admit. The thought of tesla ending up in r/pennystocks is making me wet.
I'm Dutch but use degiro, it's terrible for options. Barely offers any in the first place, definitely not on single us stocks.

Lynx works for that as it's an IB subsidiary, but they require a somewhat sizeable starting amount. 25k, so that may be easy or difficult, I don't know your situation. 

Otherwise use on of the American brokers that are happy to take people overseas. I use tastyworks and I like them.
These are good points, some of which are quite easily solvable. For instance, if they don't have a factory but do have great products, it's better than the other way around. With their current market cap it would not be too hard to build their own factory to produce their products. Making great cars that people want to buy is the hard part, IMO.
[removed]
[deleted]
No but I’m just reiterating what others have said.  I’m holding regardless.
Ford took their prized possession, one they made a movie about with 2 Oscar winning actors, and turned it into an eCUV. And for that reason, I'm out.
No, I mean the one that’s got a huge profit margin and the one they’re building the automated manufacturing warehouse for on their best selling car.
very bullish on CATL as well. Balls deep in them.
You fucking legend
This is absolutely hands down disgusting. OP deserves a fuckton of credit. Absolutely insane guys gonna be worth 10 mill plus by EOY disgusting.
Put no stop loss and become a bag holder like everyone in the next 6 months
CATL comes to mind first
You can have your break even price displayed, which is basically what you want.
Nope, even better, he’s retarded
Where?  What models?  How much are they out selling them by?


Oh wait, they’re not at all.
Beetchoin not lookin too good
I mean anything’s possible, but did you try to buy a PS5 or Series X over the holidays?
DeGiro customer support is also absolutely dreadful. 

I'm over to TastyWorks for options now and will be using it for stocks soon, not actively moving my portfolio across, but when I happen to liquidate something I do.
What app is this screenshot from? Not American..
why you guys put mexican kids in camps?
Wrong. I trade for coffee beans. 

The only real currency.
[deleted]
This is the way.
BuT tHe InTeRiOr LoOkS bEtTeR.....yeah if you like gawdy looking shit it does.
Chamath was bullish on TSLA since 7/8 years ago iirc.
我觉得现在国内的生活真的非常好， 方便， 现代化， 安全， 工资比在美国的时候低一点 但是生活成本也低一点，也没有racism。 让我二选一的话我更愿意生活在国内说实话， 不过我个人挺喜欢西雅图这座城市的。  小鹏和蔚来没有在同一个市场竞争， 小鹏在争取30k-40k usd的这个市场。 蔚来在竞争60-80k usd的市场
Do they plan to build their factories in future?
did u know they rolled foward their july puts to january? why do u think so, it’s not because they are predicting on a dump, they need a dump bc theyre fucking underwater
No I’m all in on calls up 8k so far 😎🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Yeah fukin degenerates thinking it was a stock
it’s only gonna down when it splits again
I mean, you can doubt it, but that doesn’t make it any less true. Have you driven a Tesla?

Yeah, battery life is a thing that people are catching up to, but it’s not like Tesla is no longer innovating. The biggest hurdle they face right now is cooling. They are working with Panasonic and CATL. Porsche has made headway, but they still don’t have the resources, capital, or infrastructure to compete on the scale Tesla is. 

We can speculate the future all you want. I’m not a holder in TSLA; it’s obvious the stock is overvalued, but the distance between them and the rest of the auto industry is not arguable. Pair that with Tesla’s tech alone, and the future looks more promising for them in the EV market than any of the established brands (NIO excluded).
I've done quite well.

I trade EUN2, which is a bit like SPY for Europe. And I also have Lufthansa.
I only own a measly 10 shares, but it’s best to hold till 2022? 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
This is the confirmation i needed for my feb calls
Congratulations, don’t lose it all
Eh thats half true.
I had $50k of TSLA in 2013 and sold because I made a small profit :)
You mean “was” then?
You mean the one they said that they aren’t going to mass produce?  Yeah, good luck with that one.
Hell yes
Sell 75% and let the rest ride until it breaks
[deleted]
Fuck no you dumb cuck. What the hell you thinking oil is dead. Electric is the answer
Tasty is US only no?
You had me at im chinese. Nio to the dang moon 🚀 🚀
🤦‍♂️

That’s not how this works.  That’s not how any of this works.
Spy only moves like .5% a day. The locals here like to move 10%
He’s bearish since 2011. Eventually market crashes and this nutjob will claim he was right
i can feel the power of NIO growing in this sub 💯📈🇨🇳♥️
I found them quite well priced to be honest. Might depend which exchange and the volume though.

If you're buying like 50 cheap far OTM options, it's expensive. But if you go for a couple of more expensive options it's fine. 

But I've shifted option trading to Tasyworks.
 __Bears r fuketh__
Love your DD for confirmation bias. I want to supply ⚡ for my NIO, what are great Chinese clean energy companies that will go 🚀🚀🚀?
Amazon has a lot of competition outside of the US and AWS makes as much money as it does in an extremely competitive market.
1, they are delivering their ET7 Q1 next year, so one year.
2, they already have ES6 EC6 and ES8 that compete with Model X and outsold them in China by a lot 
3, like I said in the post, they don’t need to compete with Tesla for the 40k USD segment due to the size of wealthy Chinese middle class who have 70k+ budgets for car purchases
Lol I wish it was easy to buy CATL stock. That thing is tripling in 5 years.
This is da way
Again pure speculation, tomorrow could be absolute fireworks for all you know..
Thank you for your wise words!! And as they say it in China Konicihiwa namaste nani omaewa no shinderu 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Shit that will be crazy tax ...
[deleted]
Because in that game people bet their life savings on guns
And you lost all of it by now
They call that the pump and dump. You ain't pumping her and dumping her. That's the difference.
Dude. TastyWorks is the way
🌈🐻 are not ready to bend over and feel the green bull dildo 🦬🐃🐂🤩
But you’re trading in order to make more “cash” 🤨
Go for Tasyworks instead. Really cheap, better platform.

IB is only better if you're working with 6 or more figures.
[deleted]
Aha okay

Anyway Really good post 👌
MSFT 3/20 200c is way more iconic
Now. Right now.
Unless you like your job then it might be time yes
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If elon dies suddenly, it will. 

That's the reality right? 

Was cassandra shorting it based on that happening?
Tasyworks beats IG unless you're doing very high volume trades.
It'll be funny to watch these chinese companies fail miserably when expanding into overseas markets.
比較起在美國的十年，你覺得中國國內的生活素質會相對的比較好嗎？

還有一個問題。小鵬和蔚來之間，你覺得他們是在同一個市場競爭嗎？
It only makes affordable modern electronics possible, but you know, barely useful
Monday will be a massive green rocket to the moon.

Source: my desire.
[deleted]
[removed]
Lmaoo
[deleted]
It depends. Now the bill will at least be introduced in senate for voting, not like Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell can just take one for the team.
Nah it’s about to rip homie. 4 trillion bill
This fucking thread is crazy. Which fucking retard is buying all these awards
when exactly did you buy for the 36.22 price? I am genuinely curious because I do not understand what the split did on the price. When I checked June 5 2019, price is around 175 - 183.
You as a nobody can do that. But when you have influence that's insider trading.
Why?
[removed]
Remove it from Roth IRA. Removing original amount is not subjected to penalty. Removing/withdrawing gains will result in 10% penalty on gains.
Yeah their flagship car that won’t be out for two years & all they’re working on is a model S competitor. Tesla will eat anything under that price point. Idk seems kinda whatever from NIO
Having a $500k portfolio by being in software still seems crazy. You must be high up.
[removed]
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
u/v-shizzle What you think about he fact RH is removing the possibility to buy $MT on their platform tomorrow.

I'm hoping there is a sell off of MT tomorrow from RH users not understanding what this means as they can still sell but can't buy anymore.

&#x200B;

[https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/changes-securities-robinhood-2021/](https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/changes-securities-robinhood-2021/) under NY registry shares dropdown menu.
[removed]
Lol facts. Oh trust me I wouldve long left this insane state, but once my elder parents are gone. Someone needs to fix their technical issues weekly 😂. I was thinking Texas or Vegas. Our tech industry escaped and left to Texas particularly for tax benefits
[deleted]
I googled the same exact thing with I saw people talking about it on shitter
Care to share that post?
I have Enron puts. When do they print?
Most of the big tech people are for communism. Real communism is setting up a privileged upper class similar to the old fashioned nobility.
Thanks for posting, was asking the other day why more people don't buy leaps on here, seems like a great way to get a lot of leverage with relatively low risk as long as you have a decent entry point and it's a good company and ww3 or the next 2008 financial crisis doesn't kick in. Impatience I guess?
[removed]
Not yet and won’t be there for the next 2 years at least I think. Nor do they need to, the Chinese market alone has a pie large enough for them to eat for now
Customers were not actually that interested in battery swaps so they pulled the plug on the idea.

Can't remember sauce interview sorry guys.
Gonna be easy once the dollar ~~starts~~ continues falling. Just load the fuck up on $SPY calls and ride this bubble.
buffett is an old fuck
[removed]
Maybe never, hopefully soon 🤔
Nah, yolo into otm calls for Feb, should yield some good gains
Stock=roller coaster
Stocks are only "fun" when they go up. 
BULLISH
TSLA doesn’t receive as much as they used to. They get enough money plus they’re company isn’t great to the environment or it’s employees
[removed]
[removed]
NIO isn’t in the US market tho.
If stock drops on this news when plane is literally 26 years old and there’s no fault of Boeing, how is this not a top lol.
Pretty sure they will present something ar icr tonorow
Stocks rose faster than that retard.
[removed]
All my Ark alerts have Tsla on the Sell side. I'm sure they'll buy back in on the correction...wherever it lands.
No, that was just so fucks could buy the dip.
What? So I can't own GME and tell others to get in on the GME rocket?
[removed]
How did you not get that joke


The stock price is *rocketing*
I have no idea how the stock is gonna move short term. I’m holding long term so don’t really care either, but if it dips significantly I will buy more
free up cash to buy dip is what I'm hearing!
Snek 🐍
why was last monday red?
[deleted]
Monopolies are priced in. Buy
“Another new coronavirus variant found in Japan”

Algos about to have a field day. SPY 400 EOW. The Africa and UK strain pushed us to record highs.
You can lol https://senatestockwatcher.com/

When you see a huge spike in the alount of senators and one specific move. Its pretty much a lock.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Any jfrogger still alive and awaiting whatever they present on tuesday?
I got $110c 1/2022 and $112.5c 1/2023. I’ll be holding for a few quarters.
[removed]
[removed]
So that's why they're now outselling Tesla in certain areas?
[removed]
Also my bad, it says 100 millions not 1 billion, sorry for that!
"Alt-right" Twitter.
Only hydrogen powered trucks go downhill.
cathiesark.com
If you read Chinese that’s what the Chinese said on the picture. It might be an exaggerated view count as it’s from Nio, but the Nio day event has been talked about a lot on Chinese forums (Weibo, Baidu, Hupu etc)
Which is more iconic, SPY 300 or MSFT 200?
I think vito predicted MT would reach $40 this month
[removed]
Lol
cause theyd rather have us putting money into tesla then nio ;(
It's like facebook for people who have swastika tattoos and don't know how to use the internet
Sometimes it's hard to make out the difference between people making a retarded post on purpose and people unknowingly being retarded. Unless evidence suggests otherwise I am placing all people who use "TA" in the last category.
Yeah totally understood the comment but just did not know dudes were drinking their piss and there was art about it. What’s the pic?
[removed]
Threw 10K at it on Friday. I'll see how it bites
[deleted]
Congrats and fuck you, but starting with 2m is cheating lol
>And that's before worrying about things like buying a home

Hol up, are you retards dropping 100k bets from... *rentals*?
You gotta leave California. 

There's a story in the Bible about the prodigal son who had an epiphany while eating out of a pig trough after he fell on hard times. 

"What the hell am I doing here? Even the servants where I came from live much better than this."
My ass put everything I had into FCEL and still kick my own ass for not having more shares (putting paychecks into it). At some point you gotta be real with yourself. Shit happens. 

I had Novavax at $5 and sold it to go all in on another stock. Within 6 months it was over $100 per share. Then again, I had no idea a fucking pandemic was coming up.
ALL IS NOT LOST , GME MOON THIS WEEK
It gaped up twice pretty big this week, I expect a little shakeout next week maybe to 48-50 and then probably over 60$ by friday. Got in at 2$ and will sell if they get to 3$
[removed]
This is probably gonna turn out to be really accurate TA
Over 1 billion people watched the release of Et7?

Is that an assumption or do you have actual numbers?
Happy Cake Day!
:)
Jump off now.
Google is in a precarious position ? A monopoly like theirs is the least precarious of all businesses. They can afford to spend anything and everything they have on innovation.

They could have taken things in literally any direction. They made some half assed attempts at driving cars and space technology, but they were surpassed in all those efforts by companies with far less resources but far more vision and balls.

Ans Thiel didnt get lucky, he built one of the few companies of the dot com boom that was actually worth anything, PayPal, which functions to this day.

He then took the relatively minor gains from selling that to Ebay, and invested it so well that he has become one of the best performing VCs. And he did that by investing in unconventional businesses.

He knows what makes companies work, and every other serious entrepreneur knows that and they listen to him. 

Eric Schmidt, on the other hand, has never founded a company, and was brought in simply because at the time it was believed that young guys like Brin and Page couldn't run a company on their own.
As long as u dont buy GME u should be fine
[deleted]
[removed]
True. All buffet did was BTFD
Do you receive news by carrier pigeon? This happened days ago.
Well, it’s “Your mom died? Here, have $10,000.” savings. Otherwise my ass would only have $2k-ish.
TSLA bubble?
Wtf is gab?
What does Counter Strike Global Offensive have to do with this?
All in G I K no ragrets
Do you think there will be a considerable dip during Monday?
Why didnt you apply that logic to covid?
Sent with Internet explorer 🤡
Why is the price 36.22?
Please don't make this political
again???
In my DD I’ve found FCEL expects to be profitable within a year, while PLUG doesn’t think they will be until about 2024. I really think FCEL will have the higher SP within just a few years.
I had to get off of Robinhood to stop jumping in and out trades like a crackhead. There really is something to the psychology of product design / user experience.

Obviously if you’re just making dumb trades switching brokers isn’t going to be some magic bullet. If you find yourself scrolling back and forth on the P/L chart a bunch consider trying an app with a “less intuitive” i.e. less dopamine triggering UI.
[deleted]
Go lookup USD relative to any major currency this year. It's down about 10% in the last 9 months compared to most
What times does futures open today (pacific time zone)
[removed]
^(11 hours till 🅱️utures)
Please rotate your device. Tried to flip my MacBook. Didn’t work.
Fuck are we not buying chicken futures?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Hermitically the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Since this market makes no sense, been no bad news this weekend, and talks about big stimulus package, tomorrow will be a -1%.
Why are you asking me? I don't control the market
Buffett gay as hell tho. Happy Cake day !!
Tf is a semi yolo??
Bro they specifically told you to buy shares or leaps, why would you do this to yourself,  can only hope for a spike next week for your sake.
[deleted]
When you buy $100k in a single stock, you don’t have debt. Mortgage sure. But not debt
Solid advice. I need start doing this in general. Weekly/ bi weeklies been raping me
There is a 11 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2021-02-10 00:06:26 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-10%2000:06:26%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktxy3u/anything_tsla_qqqjyoloicln_related_buy/gipk7oi/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fktxy3u%2Fanything_tsla_qqqjyoloicln_related_buy%2Fgipk7oi%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-10%2000%3A06%3A26%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ktxy3u)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Which won't happen.

I really hope he has the best bodyguards money can buy. And that he stays away from any fucking lethal disease.
Totally not a cult
No way we’re red

We moonin monday
[deleted]
Each stock market has official set operating times and days. NYSE is 9:30-4. However a pre market is available before the main operating hours. So from 4am-9:30 you can trade in the pre-market if your broker allows. After market is trading between 4pm and 8pm. Larger brokers can afford the costs to trade in these time periods. You will see the larger investment companies do their big purchases in these hours to avoid market manipulation from retail trades.
I will. Their company is dying. I live near their biggest plant and they just sold. I have many friends that work for them and they are fucked. Their contracts are bullshit. Arcelor is a dying company. Steel is at an all time high right now and it will continue to go up because material is hard to find right now. I will short it soon, now is not the time, but it will come soon.
Holy fuck man, hahaha. This is amazing, congrats.
Explain your put position
Buffet indicator went off. Uh oh. 

https://twitter.com/schuldensuehner/status/1348206434396360705?s=21
Has to many green days to short. You would have to be mad
Buy em with at least a few months. The crash will happen but can’t predict exactly when
Because its market cap is insane.
Best mobile UI.(period.)
[removed]
I don't think you can Friday was the last day.
How ?
The door is only for options holders.

Stock holders are very cozy inside this warm "bubble" and are not exiting any time soon.
Ok.. you guys do know people can be multilingual right? My English is okay because Chinese elementary school middle school high school and college teach English and I lived in America for many years.   I’m a long time lurker of WSB and wouldn’t touch option trading without you guys. Spent an hour writing this post to give back to this amazing community, plz no racism here.
Gold. I mean wtf it’s a barely useful rock.

Value investing was always a myth.
Bogdanoff crashing the market
Epic steam name
$PLUG 15 jan 49p 
A lot of retard strenght but also big gaps to fill
So... when is this squeeze day of gme ? Or any other important gme day next time
Sector rotation out of tech into green energy.
129C 02/05 I plan to sell 1 day before earnings.
ok, thank you for clarifying, in that case i wrongly used the terms "FED" and "central bank" (or national bank) synonymously.  I get that they don't want to penalize banks, but rather act to stabalize the economy. My question was just, why banks still do deposit at the central banks in times of negative interest rates. Thanks for your reply!
It’s better to capitalise the trend with some put options . An insurance before the boom
Of course we're invested in Musk you genius. Who would be dumb enough NOT to invest in the guy?! 

The only reason to sell some Tesla stock will be to buy some Starlink stock.
Printing endless money is an excellent conductor of harmon!
The Model S is almost unchanged from 2013, Mercedes releasing a new car with similar (or arguably worse) specs in 2021 is a good testament to how far ahead Tesla is.
I have the same + C55 Jan 2022.

Fly with me brother.
It got back to 60% of its peak, but that's besides the point, which would be the 20 years of opportunity cost from holding those bags.
We'll get another one very soon
Have you jumped on the score media train yet? Will happily DD for you if you are sceptical after looking..
They will also bitch and moan about its valuation continually increasing while they stand by and watch.

While posting in a sub called wallstreet**BETS**
FFFFUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKK
Someone has to sacrifice. Let it be you.
Buy some puts then
last earnings was before Lockdown 2/3 in Europe (App Store MEGA Growth) and without iPhone 12 sales (gigantic!)
I'm bearish on MT
He basically said he grew up in China and can converse in Mandarin, p much
It will automatically be reported by whatever he used to trade.
How much tax do you guys have to pay on stock profits in usa?
Congrats and fuck you
MFW $600 million in cash sitting in the war chest too
[removed]
Your short term gains will basically count as regular income, so whatever bracket you are in will apply. Preferential rates kick in for long term gains only.
I want to play this, but the IV and premiums are so crazy for any Feb play, makes no sense, unless this will go to 300, which it wont.
[removed]
Bers r so fuk’d
!remindMe 7 months.
Think the next bubble will be green energy IMO
Oh Tesla Nio drag race has definitely already happened in Shanghai already haha. And you too mate
[deleted]
Got LEAPS right away. Learned that the hard way from SLV. But yes, this could be a multi year play.

Haven't run the numbers but the EU is planning on investing into railway infrastructure. Train tracks are made out of.. you guessed it.. steel.

So that's US, China, EU.. and then we have India blocking steel exports because apparently they need it for themselves.
I love how people will talk smack about TSLA dropping but don't have the balls to short it themselves   🤡
Tax free for her, not for you. You still have to pay your tax for the capital gains.
[removed]
Nothing lasts forever

Last decade belonged to them; next decade will belong to other companies
I dream of a world where we can drag race our Tesla’s and NIO’s on the streets of Shanghai while pouring our EV tendies onto blow and the tits of expensive hookers. I wish you best of luck in ‘21 comrade🇺🇸🇨🇳
What's the deal with XLM? I got a notification saying it was falling but had no idea it was going up
I really don't think anything will change, except that the Democrats pass huge infrastructure and spending bills, juicing up the market even more. I doubt bidens corproate taxes will pass and even if they do, its only a 7% increase, still far less than in the past. Thats if some dems don't oppose it, they only need 1 dissenter.
Guy breathes like he is on his deathbed with covid
This guy gets it
Yes. Yes it will.
Unpopular opinion:

The dollar is about to make a run back up to 94-95. Even with stim stimminy stim stimminy stim stim sharoo.
9:2
Do you have a link so I can find out more about this subject?
I hope we have one tomorrow. I need to buy!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Very accurate I’d say. When you have 10 mil liquid assets that’s when you can properly live the rest of your life rich. A decade ago you could’ve lived off interest rates making 100-150k a year
It’s the CEOs name haha, just sounds cheap to some native Chinese speakers for some reasons
BA 200
Just read another tweet saying that their mom was unbinded and was told that everyone will be unbinded by Feb. S

&#x200B;

 https://twitter.com/dvh13/status/1348211866217156608?s=20
This guy pays for fucks
📈📈📈
It doesn’t matter, you now have enough money. No one *needs* more than that. Lock in the gains and if you wanna keep gambling you can! Maybe you can do this twice who knows. But probably not which is why I’d sell sell sell
Actually when you think about it. China is a big oil importer. EV in China would decrease that dependency and pressure on RMB. And China has a huge interest to support NIO to become a market leader.
So much upside.
I think the ET7 has the L4 capacity while all the current models have L3 similar to Tesla
They announced a competor to the model 3 to be in production next year.
F
ok that pretty much explains it, thank you, so they just simply don't have a choice and have to deposit at the FED..
[deleted]
This is under the assumption they split again.
Bro a company of any valuation can be pumped. I didn’t say it was a pump and dump
So only deliveries?
You are very welcome
Thoughts on the fate of big tech?
I also can program reddit, watch 01110101101000100.

Regardless nio to moon 🚀 🌙 🌟
Where Ben Affleck builds a rocket right?
Screeeeam if you wanna go faster!!!
Did you say tinfoil? Calls on tin!
Nah mate, China is cool and most of Chinese ordinary people are similar to Americans, trying to make enough money to live a comfortable life.  Come and visit when covid is over and you will see
Jack Ma and Ant watching from above at your comment.
😂
Systemic risk is the printing press not tesla
i don’t understand the webull interface
Tesla will never be bigger than the top 10, as it has to be bigger than itself. Infinite room the grow, all in.
[deleted]
What does Xpeng mean?
DOW is price weighted, Tesla is $800 and Apple is $130. Dow will have lots of Tesla exposure so I don’t think they will make to DOW
Trillions >3tn?
Depends how u live it’s not acc that much money when you spread it out over 50 years

Compound interest is fucking ass rn and the economy will probs crash any second
Chicken sandwich
I'm thinking a semiyolo on adma tomorrow yeah or naw? Help me out I'm borderline retarded
I think he said, baka gaijin china numba 1, lol love the username
I'm curious about what WSB has to say about this too. It's typically considered a red flag but I've notice this happen to me on MTCH, and the stock has just kept going up. Its worth futher research maybe some shit is coming.
Remember the battle for SPY 300? 

LOL
Good point, and I agree (unless they go after Baba or Tencent at some point though I agree with OP that with the Mango/Orange man gone, chances would be very slim for well-audited companies such as Baba).
nio to the moon
[removed]
[deleted]
I'm not selling either. I think all these analyses fail to consider store closures, which will have had an immediate impact on last Qs bottom line with reductions in operating costs. We shall see - I think results will be better than expected, all things considered. All retail gets a degree of Mulligan this year due to covid-19.
Now
Definitely
What’s up my Chinese brother, good DD. On another note is China really as shitty as Americans like to think and is Jack Ma dead
He has a tin hat unlike us autists. LESS QUESTIONS MORE BUY NIO!
can i buy some skin cream to sell to my friends
What are the self-driving capabilities like?
Disclaimer: I am long

* discovery+ and disney+ going global, streaming is growing
* catalyst on Monday
* short BS while the price was trending down and before Monday's catalyst
* the chart is a giant bull flag with the price close to strong support, nice volume

I believe it's a good setup
I thought TSLA was finished after that -20% day in September  🤡
Okay, I feel the same. Thank you for responding. Some time ago, there was a similar post here or on /r/investing. It provided a great glimpse into the other popular Chinese stocks especially the e-commerce ones (excepting the EV companies). I personally learnt a lot from that post as did I from this one. Thank you!
ew sex-haver
Paper hands located 🤡
Why even pick stocks? Daily spy calls has a way better potential % and only goes in one direction
The vaccine was found effective against all strains of covid. Why on earth would the market open red?
At one point I held 75,000 shares at ~$0.30. I want to kill myself.
RemindMe! 1 year
Secure? Deflationary? I have a decentralized asset to sell you...

&#x200B;

But seriously my guess is this is why we're seeing the banks buying up sheetcoin now.
Nah
EB Games (GameStop for Australians) has been insane here. Every store is packed. 

Australia hasn’t even been locked down really in the last six months too.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol
A true retard
There is a 11 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2021-01-11 23:49:57 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-11%2023:49:57%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku2e96/allin_and_on_my_way_to_pluto_merger_on_monday/gipibgo/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fku2e96%2Fallin_and_on_my_way_to_pluto_merger_on_monday%2Fgipibgo%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-11%2023%3A49%3A57%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ku2e96)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Spy calls?
Every dip will be bought until interest rates go up. 

Look, ma, I’m a fund manager .
IM IN!!!!!! NIO TO THE FUCKIN KOON BUYING LEAPS ON MARKET OPEN 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You are right. I guess I should have specified but the question was meant for the entire audience of the post and the OP. From what I understood, OP is someone who has a good understanding of both China and US so I'd like to know his opinion on this too.
Disrespectful mfs not using our prefered pronouns. smh
Airbnb for sure is overvalued.
If you donate some of it to an autistic kid you can write that amount off and avoid paying taxes on the gain all together 🤷🏻‍♂️
You sir, are the tendie coaster
Can you retards introduce my retard ass to the meaning of DD ?
More expensive hashbrowns
a tier movie
Some people here are truly retarded man
Nice name bro
Is this how people do their DD when there is no ISP in the area?
F ellow
Do you think Baba will dip monday after US decision about black listing?
REITs usually are quite good for dividends, I get a 5% yield on the one I'm in. Some are closer to 10% even
My god ... the NIO logo.. is a ducking rocket emoji!! 

OPEN THE MARKET !

LET ME IN !
Alright, thanks, I assumed it prbly has something to do with the safety of the funds, but then again, obviously you could  expect them to come up with something safer than an excel spreadsheet, to keep track of how much money they have, and thus spare themselves from the negative interest rate. thanks for your reply though!
[removed]
Oh wise monke, teach me your ways
Herro
There are way to many “r’s” in this for you to be Chinese.
VW owns Argo which is a close second to Waymo actually, leading is self driving. Autonomous platform. No drivers.

What Tesla has solved, what every car company has solved, is driver assistance. Big fucking deal. I had an Audi in 2007 that could do all that.

You keep saying apple. Apple is an electronics company. Not a software company! They do great design and great marketing. Like Tesla! But shit software. Like Tesla!

You clearly on a very basic level don't understand the difference between technology and software. "Engineers" won't cut it. You need software engineers, and the best ones around at that, to solve a problem that our best couldn't solve for the last ten years +. And the best *software engineering talent* does not work for apple nor for Tesla.


This is reality.

Let me know when you are willing to accept reality.
I found some Google AMP links in your comment. Here are the normal links:

 - [https://www.bloomberg.com/tosv2.html?vid=&uuid=b7fd2760-5337-11eb-9616-47669ed2fbc8&url=L25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMS0wMS0wOC9iaWRlbi1jYWxscy1mb3ItcXVpY2stcGFuZGVtaWMtcmVsaWVmLW1pbmltdW0td2FnZS1pbmNyZWFzZQ==](https://www.bloomberg.com/tosv2.html?vid=&uuid=b7fd2760-5337-11eb-9616-47669ed2fbc8&url=L25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMS0wMS0wOC9iaWRlbi1jYWxscy1mb3ItcXVpY2stcGFuZGVtaWMtcmVsaWVmLW1pbmltdW0td2FnZS1pbmNyZWFzZQ==)

 Beep Boop, I'm a bot. If I made an error or if you have any questions, my [creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/6b86b3ac03c167320d93) might check my messages.  
 [Source Code](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot) | [Issues](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot/issues) | [FAQ](https://laurinneff.ch/2020/10/17/nogoogleampbot/)  
Why does this bot exist?  
Google does a lot of tracking, which many people don't want, so they use alternatives to their services. Using AMP, they can track you even more, and they might even replace ads with their own, stealing ad revenue from the site's owners. Since there's no consistent way of finding the original links from an AMP link, I made this bot which automatically does it for you.
> if Elon farts in the right direction the stock goes up 5%

Which is exactly why you should sell. Tesla is not a long-term investment.
212
New Stimulus announcement on Thursday. 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Biden Demands Trillions in New Aid, Renews $2,000-Checks Goal - Bloomberg

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2021-01-08/biden-calls-for-quick-pandemic-relief-minimum-wage-increase
How do u do that?
Two different companies
Oh yeah, just casually pump a 100 billion company, you're fucking retarded.
[deleted]
You do know that Jeff is doing pretty much the exact same thing?
MAKE VIRGINITY GREAT AGAIN
Sorry to here that mate. I live in NZ and we dont have options trading here, no doubt if we did I would've been wiped out yoloing on OTM weekies on TSLA...

Any advice to share on the experience?
Much like poker, just because a play works out doesn't mean it was the correct one to make based on the information at hand.
[removed]
Yeah if anything from that list Netflix could be the next Enron lol
Monday rotation into NIO and NVDA. And FAANG. They need some love
$NIO is a very liquid stock so as long as your option is ITM, someone will buy it. That’s why it’s always best to buy options with very liquid stocks.
No
I’m not telling you to dumping money ASAP. Find a good entry point for you and buy it whenever you feel comfortable. Or don’t touch it if you deem the risk is too high
Luckily my Deutsche Sprache is good enough to understand that
[removed]
There was a tard who made this digital art of WSB stuff... and he did one that was kinda Andy Warhol style of the Pee Martini affair. I still use it as my phone's wallpaper.

I think the guy is banned now... too bad, he was really good at what he did.
Hold on a second, Twitter is a unique and valuable equity because it has your *attention,* which is worth big bucks. It can add different features (ie e-commerce and social shopping, podcasts with its recent Breaker acquisition, etc) and literally improve its business plans overnight out of think air in a capital light manner. Load up on Twitter on any dip is what I say (and am doing). 

In fact, load up and be long on social media in general as it will continue to outperform: 

Facebook (FB)

Twitter (TWTR)

Pinterest (PINS)

Snap (SNAP)

Match Group (MTCH)

Sprout Social (SPT)

Global X Social Media ETF (SOCL)
[removed]
Here you go:

 [link you won't read](https://scholarship.law.wm.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1748&context=wmborj)
could do 10% but only for half of it?
how and why
😂🥴🤫
I’m pretty sure the risks of keeping it on their excel at 0% is greater than depositing it with the FED at negative rates
Yes
Europeans are more risk-averse compared to Americans.
I know English well because I lived in the US for about 10 years but 我出生长大在中国, 现在也定居在中国。 如果有任何说中文的人 他们可以跟我用中文聊天。
It's just like buying AMZN at $1k. Except AMZN is a massive global company with huge volumes and actual profits whereas TSLA is a DRM car company with a 10 gazillion P/E and no profit to speak of that sells exclusively to fanboys and nerds.

But yeah same thing
Fun fact- the skeptics were right. It was valued at $90 during the 2000 peak and went down to like $5 after the bubble burst. 

It took almost a decade for it to recover to its 2000 peak. 

It started to skyrocket from 2010 but skeptics criticized it in 2000s
I love money that’s why I think it’s retarded to invest in Nio now after the insane run up of EVs this past year. 

Nio is now valued as the 150th most valuable company in the whole world for delivering all of 40,000 cars last year.

Not to mention the genuine risk facing Chinese stocks these days - just look at what happened to BABA. And that’s before even worrying about delisting.
Looks at 40k/contract SPX spreads... yes people buy them that expensive.

There are things you can do with deep ITM contracts, so they are pretty useful.
[deleted]
You cannnot do options for 
a particular US company on degiro. Vix and spx options are available though.
IBKR
Sweeeet home ALABAMMAAAAAA
Proof that Fake News is real.
RemindMe! 5 days
'Oder'
Congrats and fuck you, perfect timing
If you show revenue people will ask "how much?" and it will never be enough. The company that was the 100xer, the 1000xer becomes the 2x dog. But if you have no revenu you can say you are pre-revenue. You're a potential pure play. It's not about how much you earn. It's about what you're worth. And who is worth the most?  Companies that lose money.
I dont approve of this meme. Shouldve used starks as papa Elon and Jordan as the 🐻
If Monday is red I'm going balls deep
You're about as Chinese as Panda Express. Passport or ban.
I was you last year August. I lost everything in 1 week when things went south
Wallstreet 2 is fuckkng garbage
[deleted]
Ok but what if Tesla is Cisco and not Amazon?
Good luck
Xpeng is also great but their name in Chinese 小鹏 sounds cheap.. and that alone is keeping some people buying the car.( personally I don’t mind)
Don’t complicate it. If there is volume atm/otm, they will fill.
[removed]
I hope he becomes richer. It'll make me richer too. Up, up, and up 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1347978218494513152?s=21

Saxon is also a band formed in 1977

TSLA 1977 confirmed eoy
[deleted]
They’re leasing in self driving tech. The only company that is on par is google. How is leasing in Self driving AI tech not revolutionary? What tech is VW leading in?

Is a bodega a real estate company? Sounds like you’re mad cos you went all into trash companies lmao.

Tesla don’t have the talents to do it 🤡 you know engineers prefer Tesla over Apple right? Apple only gets Tesla rejects. Are you suggesting Apple doesn’t have talents compared to VW? 😂

PS I don’t own any EV stocks. Just telling the facts.
Thought on MGNI?
Man.. why you hate money.  I do have calls and shares in Nio and Tesla, but why the fuck would I try to pump a well known company here for my relative small money lol
THC🐝, can you hear me, can you hear me calling you 😢 😔 🗣
Baller DD our chinese friend. Thanks for this new insight. NIO shi hun hao! 🚀🚀🚀🌝
No
[removed]
Have you heard of CoVid-19? You don’t think the rebound had anything to do with price action of 2020?
U are very dumb dumb
Can we just ban all the fucking babies complaining about TSLA?
Pacific System's Terrestrial Humanoid
yall get excited for futures to open to 10 seconds later regardless of futures saying green by open.  might as well not even look at them. lol
also valid idea to think about. I guess because in my eyes is that amazon literally killed people's ability to use the app since they're the host.
If it’s packaged with tax increases that won’t happen. Also, it’s far less politically expedient for them now that they’ve lost everything.

Time to return to fiscal conservative principles lol
I was thinking $30 max, but it’s already at $15ish and Biden hasn’t even made it into office yet. Once he signs some “green” shit, this’ll just keep going.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I agree. ARK owns PINS, they get it.
Without WSB I would never touch options. So gonna give back to the community at some point right
[deleted]
What broker do you use? Moving to UK next month and trying to figure out how to get in on US options
This isn’t DD, it’s really just a pump. 

What about some of the substantial risks of buying into Nio now?
- sky high valuation/EV bubble
- Chinese company
Ride the fucking wave 📈📈📈📈📈
good point. I guess my head went to the polls i've seen where

45% of people are republicans
45% think election was stolen
~20% of americans prob now hate amazon because they killed parler.
It was worth thinking about
Manchin’s a Democrat bro...and he’s agreed to read the bill. Not support it any further than that. 

I think there’s a very high likelihood of additional checks for families that need it, but getting a multi trillion dollar stimulus passed in the senate is a stretch.

All of the big banks are estimating between .7-1T
It’s a good idea. I think they killed it because it required too much money to build all the swapping stations
[deleted]
Funnily enough Michael Burry buying calls on TSLA would be the exact moment where it would be wise to short it.
Pltr not even a question. 


Better question would be:  what would Snow’s market cap be today had it went the DPO route and not suck off half a dozen investment banks, and leave bags to another dozen Berkshire-Fanboys. 


And I specify Berkshire because I remember somewhere out there it was specified it wasn’t a Buffett pick, was one of his companies manager’s YOLO.


One does not simply go from dodging Apple on the basis of P/E to getting a company who compensates it’s CEO annually 2x the REVENUE of the company.
Noo! Just throw the phone away!
> Do you believe that Nio has any chance in the west with their buisnessmodel?

Do they even have to?  "The west" is pittance compared to the chinese and nearby economy
your post and all this bearish sentiment scares me a lot not going to lie. Im ready to shit my pants when gme has more red days. for that retarded reason im gonna say gme 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀


oh lord fuck me next week is gonna be bad isnt it
Whole lotta soy boys in here
[deleted]
Just kidding! Great post man! What do you think about XPEV? Are they any good?
Good call. Why did you make that assumption? Im prob gonna take a few puts this week as close to 160 as i can.
[deleted]
Cuz I lived in the US for 10 years lol
[removed]
$75 end of 2022 should be a conservative number.
Yes. He’s not Bezos. He wants us to invest and it could potentially get them in the DOW as well. 

Going to be interesting first half of 2021.
Dude you are the nazi, dumbass. Also saying fire in a theatre is legal.
It’s just Mao
oh please i use / and ps interchangeably and used them both this time tfoh bro still finna be wealthy af
Why not 1500 ;)
The dailies are kinda like that
Holy shit someone went crazy with gold and platinum on this thread lmao. They must’ve hit big
[deleted]
The risk is there imo, but with Mango man gone, I do think the chance of delisting is very slim
Just another 14%, so $880 -> $950 on monday (8%), and then a quick 6% increase on tueseday for $1000.
Stonks go up.
"I Rejected Cooking in the Name of Feminism—Until I Had to Feed Myself"

lulz
In you we trust our fellow Chinese autist
Post history checks out as a NIO fudder, Tesla dick sucker, and YouTube influenced. Go suck a dick retard and die broke
Wait till Tuesday you’ll most likely get your best price. Also twitter has been on a down trend for a while now. This will help find bottom quick. My plan puts Monday first thing. Calls later that week.
Slept on the matter.
>I saw a lot of retards here shitting on the battery swap, and those people are dumb af. First you need to understand that not every Chinese lives in a house like most Americans do and a lot of them don't have charger installed at home or a fixed parking spot to park their cars.

Whatever happened to that Tesla battery swap that they showed off at one of the conferences a few years ago - showing how it was faster than fueling a conventional car?

Did that idea just die?  I thought it was pretty cool/practical.
It’s a lock, another 5 to 1 split at around $1,500
Haha how is a Chinese guy going to tell you what Uncle Sam is going to do with Chinese stocks?
RemindMe! 5 days
I love Kwanzaa it's my favorite Indian holiday
last year stock price wasn't high as snoop dogg
How many stations do they have? And where?
He’s a cancer on society but the memes were fire
Of course. tsla is beyond dropping. it only goes up and will always only go up. *its different this time*
Well fuck if THIS isn't the way then I don't know what is. Best wishes with the ritis. That's ROUGH.
Damn that sounds painful. I’m glad you are able to find something. During this lockdown I realized I only really liked drinking in a social setting. Weed has been perfect while being stuck mostly around the house.
Very professionally written post, bro! Good work
Not just spend - gamble.
theres only one bear left, retards screaming all in our ears like we’re deaf
What have they?
What?
It’s applied across the board. And you have to have a good EV in the first place. Plus be able to produce it at scale, with high range. No retail-sale subsidy can help you produce batteries faster.
Bro wtf.. where can I get paid for this?
Maybe this is the wrong place to ask this, but imma try it anyways..

So any national bank (e.g. the FED) kinda acts as the bank for the other banks (e.g. JP Morgan). By setting its interest rate, the national bank allows the other banks to deposit their money and earn interest, and thus they can also set a ceiling for interest rates in the whole country. Depositing money at the central bank makes total sense for JP Morgan if they can get a positive interest on their deposit, but why do banks still depsoit their money at the national bank when the national bank only offers negative interest? Can't they just keep the money, in a Excel sheet on one of their servers, and thus earn "0% interest" , which is still better than a negatie interest? I know, if I don't understand that kinda stuff I shouldn't be investing anyways lol but thanks if anyone tries to explain it to me
I trade US options from uk.
What’s interesting is it’s the main reason Cathie Wood isn’t bullish on Nio. She’s expecting the idea of battery swap to be less popular than just typical EV charge. Granted densely populated cities/countries would benefit from it
Incredible!
Do you know how much consumption EVs have in cold temperatures? So even a 150kWh battery makes sense if you plan for markets like Norway/Canada...
His post on wallstreetbets got deleted :( He was going to choose some random stocks to drop 100k on
that was last year...
The more new people learn about tesla and EV, and its meteoric rise since beginning of last year, the louder they'll scream "BUBBLE!" since they have been waiting for the dip that never comes.
"$400 bubble!!!", S&P500 inclusion followed by a short dip. "BUBBLE!" and now we're up at $850.
In the year of the Cybertruck, Semi, Model2, S and X refresh, Dojo starting to get used, Plaid S, Roadster, 4860 battery, giga berlin+texas getting finished.

$850 is cheap.
On second thoughts, that shouldn’t matter as long as the tendies are coming 🚀🚀
Uhhh people won’t become homeless/jobless if TSLA drops through the floor. 

The entire company could disappear overnight and we’ll all be fine - we’d just have one less thing to argue about the next day. Some people would have to buy a Toyota instead.
honestly it was probably too much to mention, im guessing the store managers dont want people to know how much actual stock (as in products) value is held at gme stores

games are small, easy to carry in stacks, clearly not very well secured, so a break-in could actually have a big impact on a store
They already have.
>it’s still smarter and more capable than any other car on the road. 

I seriously doubt that. Tesla is just extremely good at marketing. 

VAG just rolled out their MEB. Until 2023 11 cars will be built on that platform, one already deliverable, one available to buy and one just around the corner. 

Battery tech is also something manufacturers are quickly catching up to and you also gotta remember this is in a very large part outsourced, just like development of ICE. So it's not like one manufacturer will suddenly outperform all others. The entire field will catch up and the gap is already small.

Now imagine this: It's 2025 and you have 10+ VAG EV options and a plethora of other options from other legacy manufacturers. These companies all have solid supply chains, good dealership networks, established QC and so on. Those are all points Tesla is severely lacking and it's not something you can build up overnight. It takes a lot of experience.

Right now Tesla buyers are willing to overlook their issues for the sake of driving a Tesla. And even when we assume that novelty of owning a Tesla stays, that customer base is going to run out very quickly because at some point you need to attract ICE car drivers which don't care for novelty, they want a car that just works. They want to drive to the dealership which has the parts in stock or can get them within 24 hrs. And that's where legacy manufacturers have much more appeal.
Don't make it too hard on yourself

Think about something real. Like investing in amazon in 2011 when you knew it was already huge and shit, it x30 since 2011
whats the move
The longer the DD, the more I interpret it as a desperate sales pitch.
Thanks for sharing that!
Going to ride this till the 401k hits its magic number, at least.
And please honestly share what you think are the risks of owning Chinese stocks? I mean, I recently got fucked by owning CHA when Robinhood asked me to sell because of the executive order (I think the reason cited was that the Chinese telecom companies were involved the Chinese military). How do we know that Uncle Sam won't come up with something on the line of - Chinese EV companies are working with the Chinese defence department and we need to ban them - I don't see a future situation where Uncle Sam doesn't see a problem with China China China so these kinds of talks will keep happening and may fuck the LEAPS. I mean, even now there is ongoing uncertainty with Baba and Tencent for one reason or another.
🚀🚀🚀 you forgot these
Argo-fuck yourself, if you know, you know
Hold TSLA. as long as the music is playing, you've got to get up and dance
I mean yeah but at least the nazi is banned from screaming fire in a theatre
Can we go to 150$ by next friday?
[deleted]
-90% from here is still 440$ pre split, above covid low lmfao
i think i will buy those 51 mcchickens thanks
Dividend is such a boomer word
As soon as tesla crashes its time to yolo my life savings, cause retard bears will make it crash way further than it should
I’m heavily invested in rope. Come join.
Dude, I would have gotten in at $100 too lol.
Haha I don’t think even IR pumps this much
Why its always nio what about xpeng and lidar car
Up 85% in the last week alone swing trading solar stocks and 135% all time...I started 3 months ago, and this is just with Stocks too...

Morons who I work with who don't know the difference between share price and market cap are making 100%+ returns just yoloing into some random tech stonks...this all feels too easy...and bubbly...
If it was the same person having a birthday party everyday it'd get a bit boring though.
Elon says a lot. I don't know why you guys believe every fucking thing that leaves his mouth. Jesus, you're on the same level as Trump supporters.
So what you think about idex if you’re from the other side of the pond
Ahahah and you all say that Euro is Monopoly money ?!
>This is not financial advice. Always do you own due diligence. Don't sue me. Information provided for Entertainment, Educational, Recreational, and Sexual purposes only.
If you look up the data in the next 10 years white people will be a minority in the US 😂😂😂😂. Hispanics will be the majority ironically hahaha. Ooof
and the music say "BAN on new ICE sales in 2025-2030". So lets keep dancing!
I'd say the 2018 tax and jobs act was solid. We had a shit corporate tax rate that made investment from overseas in business a tough sell. It also led to a boom in small businesses growth in 2018 and 19. Taxes on individuals of all income brackets fell and taxes collected increased. Wages went up at an increased rate as well. I'd call the 2018 act a huge win. There were a lot of things I wasn't a fan of in the Trump age but cutting China off at the knees every chance they got was something I could get behind. Banning semiconductor sales to their manufacturers, not allowing Huawei to operate in the U.S and attempting to ban Chinese apps with access to user data, cameras and microphones I think are great moves. May cost us a bit in the short term but the amount of IP they have stolen over the years and the fact that their government has complete control over all facets of any business there makes me feel the fight is worth it.
Ohh, I don’t have a price target myself (not an analyst nor do I want to just throw a random number), but I do believe they can go up to 150 or more in a few years if things go right
Mcd breakout to 230 next week 1000% play your welcome
[removed]
ok gotta pin this
You are the market maker now. Tell us when to hop off.
Lol it’s simple. Banning everyone you disagree is bad bussiness and Twitter been crazy on one side for 4 years now. Shit company and unlike Fb doesn’t monetize it properly
TSLA iS NoT a CaR ComPaNY!

REEEEEEEEEE.

The amount of fucktoids who are long Tesla whilst talking about space travel, satellites, tunnel boring. 

They're not invested in Tesla. They're invested in Musk. Not a good place to be with someone so temperamental.
I don’t know, dude. Their financials aren’t really looking too promising...

>Cronos has to treat its financial health before it can do anything else. Right now, the company has over $1.3 billion in cash and equivalents leftover from the Altria investment and no debt whatsoever. As a result, there is little risk that the company has to sell more of its stock in bulk to raise more cash for its expenses.

Which sounds good and all, until you realize that not only is their cost of entry compared to others is high, but they aren’t really investing their resources back into themselves. 

> Unfortunately, Cronos is arguably the most expensive pot stock in the entire sector, with a staggering valuation of more than 83.4 times revenue. That's a huge premium, considering the fastest growing cannabis companies in the industry are trading between 12 to 39 times sales. Even though its price-to-book (P/B) value stands at just 1.7, keep in mind that more than half of Cronos' $1.9 billion total assets consist of cash and equivalents. .

It would be great if the company is putting that cash to use to make a profit. As stated previously, however, Cronos' operating loss stands at about $40 million per quarter, which would result in its large cash pile would dwindle over time. So one should not be drawn by its low price-to-book value. For the sake of argument, if the company only had about 20% of its assets in cash and the rest in intangibles, acquiring high-growth competitors, or in property and equipment, that would be a better use of capital.

https://www.fool.com/amp/investing/2020/12/12/is-cronos-group-stock-a-buy/

I’m not saying you’re wrong with your overall assessment that the industry is on the cusp of booming; simply pointing out that the tickers you like may not be the master play for us to make based on the reasons you cite.
This is true for a smaller EV company perhaps. 

Not Tesla.
Just buy in with part of your money and rid yourself of the "Daaamn tesla $1000, why didnt i buy in at $850!".
Say you have $100k to invest. So invest $10-20k on monday at $850.
If it goes down to $600, sweet, now you can pump in your remaining $80-90k at a cheap! But if it instead goes up another 10-15% untill friday, you are at 10-15% on the plus side on your $10-20k investment.
Then add another $10-20k. The next week, the stock drops 5%, so you are at +-0 or perhaps even +2%, so it wasnt good but wasnt bad. But if it goes up another 5-15%, you have a new buffer and can go in with more money again untill you've invested all you want to invest in tesla.

Won't give you as much profit as going all in on day1 and it going to the moon in 1-4weeks. But you wont loose all/much if it does drop 10-40% in the first few days etc.
I live in a state with only med weed (and nobody can get a fucking card here in Ohio. I have bone-on-bone arthritis; what does it take?!), so I buy from a guy who supplies dispensaries. Only buy once a year... all BHO.
Can Confirm Holding 2000 shares of CGC. 800 shares of Trulieve
Price target
Look around and at the number of downvotes you got in the thread alone. Either you are massively wrong or everyone else's opinions are wrong and only you stand true.

What's more likely?
$6 is like a yearly profit for the guys at /r/dividends
Price target short term and long term
Definitely not fuck you money dude. It costs a lot to live! My stupid house cost 925$.
The likelihood of that is low. Plus these would be covered by shares. It would only lock in profits
Hi retard here I bought those calls from you
Just buy tesla calls and hope the bubble doesnt burst
What are your thoughts on LGWV at $20? That's a 100% run already, so would this still be a good buy here?
Not only that. When talking about the cars tesla produces they have to seriously up their game in the coming years. 

VAG just rolled out their MEB. Until 2023 11 cars will be built on that platform, one already deliverable the, one available to buy and one just around the corner. 

Battery tech is also something manufacturers are quickly catching up to and you also gotta remember this is in a very large part outsourced, just like development of ICE. 

Now imagine this: It's 2025 and you have 10+ VAG EV options and a plethora of other options from other legacy manufacturers. These companies all have solid supply chains, good dealership networks, established QC and so on. Those are all points Tesla is severely lacking and it's not something you can build up overnight. It takes a lot of experience.

Right now Tesla buyers are willing to overlook their issues for the sake of driving a Tesla. And even when we assume that novelty of owning a Tesla stays, that customer base is going to run out very quickly because at some point you need to attract ICE car drivers which don't care for novelty, they want a car that just works. They want to drive to the dealership which has the parts in stock or can get them within 24 hrs. And that's where legacy manufacturers have much more appeal.
275 by April
Do you think papa Musk will consider making a 1/4 split again soon?
I actually agree, but trying to justify the current valuation by including spaceX and so on is just bias, the stock is moving based on hype and momentum
[deleted]
Ban
I don’t, just a long time lurker on WSB
Retarded bot belongs bere
😂
thoughts on cruise stocks in Jan?
Now looks like some chinese tech firm offering tech for low prices
[removed]
i may buy one of those
[deleted]
... and I always thought the rule was to inverse Cramer.
You have good points sir. But like I said, if they can get things right (which I believe at the current state they will), they do have a huge chance to establish themselves as the BMW/Merc of the EV world. You don’t need to own a factory to make great product. Apple has been doing this for years and look how successful their business model is.
In Seattle that would get you maybe 3 duplexes? Probably really only 2. Lol
So... VALE to 🚀🚀🚀🌘🌘🌘??
[deleted]
You mean getting in your mom for 6$ don’t need to imagine that alread did
Yes
Bink? Is it any good? Does it have CFD? Im searching for a good cfd broker
Update please!
Yup all healthy stocks are like all healthy people, they take regular shits.
Money is the biggest illusion next to time. See passed it and look forward to new endeavors
Yep yep. Pullbacks are always dependent on where the run ends.
When your coq deflates queef
Spread those calls! Keep some upside potential but don't lose it all!
Cloudflare is the easiest long of all time. This stock is going to $1000. Buy and hold my autist friends. They beat AWS at the core services where AWS claims to be a leader. Cloudflare will get domain/DNS privileges from every internet business ever.
Lmao, I scrolled for a while, nothing but [m4f]
[removed]
Is there a euro version of RH? Imagine if RH could be used in europe....if they all got together id bet the market would gain at least $10 dollars.
Hows volkswagen looking. Vaccine strain hype? 🚀🚀🚀?
Baba $200 or $300 by April?
OP nice work to check this out! I wonder if you would be able to see whether Microsoft might be attending GME's slot to talk about their new partnership? That's going to bring in a decent amount of revenue in the future you'd hope
Hey fellow retard Belgians, am I the only one using Binck? Haha.
Jesus Christ
Hmmm. I like Boiler Room a lot. Wall Street is okay... nothing tops Donnie and Jordan's tales.

More Boiler Room than Wall Street, but I really dug Molly's Game.
A Tesla on autopilot smacked into the side of an overturned truck on a freeway last year... The stock didn't flinch.
I wanted to invest in SpaceX and figured I would invest in Tesla as a roundabout way in doing it. Put 20,000$ in so not nearly as loaded as you but did ok. 

Needless to say I have a Tesla now. Lol
What happens if you put in an order before Monday open?
BAN
[deleted]
God damn I love living in a legal state now. Does anybody else remember waiting on your dealer (some guy known third hand only as “B”) in a grocery store parking lot for like 45 min? Only for him to show up with a twisted off grocery bag stuffed with disappointing brick weed that just gave you a headache.

Now my weed comes from the dispensary, in glass jars with eccentric names like Allen Wrench or some shit. I grind it up and put it into something I can plug into my laptop to charge, and off to the moon I go 🌲💨🚀🌝

Then I can turn around and watch my weed stocks print or tank while zoned in and listening to music. Almost feels like I’m in an augmented reality. What a time to be alive. 

APHA 1/20/23 10c and 15c
1,800 shares
Don't quote me on that, but basically you don't need to turn a profit to have a valuable company and for that value to increase with time. TSLA didn't turn a profit for a long time but their promises and hype drove shares prices up, thus making the company more valuable, thus making it easier for them to acquire debt for the long run. It's basically betting on future growth of a company which yes, might not be turning a profit for now, but it is generally accepted that in their specific case it's normal not to turn a profit for a few years at first. This happened with UBER and I guess TSLA too since they added billions in debt in 2020 thanks to the valuation skyrocketing. 

Correct me if I'm wrong though.
> Now for the real news. NIO. NIO literally just proved that it’s doing the EV market BETTER AND SMARTER than tesla. Changeable batteries, way more mileage per charge.

You dumb fuck.
They barely have any changing stations at all. And sure, it might be a good idea in the short term (<2 years), but by then tesla will have 350-400kw+, i.e. you charge the battery more than fast enough that you dont really have to swap them out. And by then, all those expensive changing stations will be useless and get more useless every new iteration of the charging stations. And NIO will have to scrap the money the spent on changing battery technology.

> NIO are right around the corner showing they can do the exact same shit?

You mean NIO has developed new batteries that are cheaper and faster to produce than ever before? No? Thats right, they haven't. They're buying from other suppliers paying a premium for it (And batteries are getting more and more scarce due to increased nr of total EV produced). Elon on the other hand has forseen this and planned accordingly by producing their own batteries and factory after factory being built that will produce a gazillion batteries.
NIO, not so much.
Cash out 2.3  then buy calls and puts 8 months out, spend 150k on each. Strike within 100 of today.
It's not a lemon party without old Dick
I started seeing lot more threads than usual last week about Tesla being overvalued and that it will crash hard so I got scared because I'm a little bitch and sold all my shares Friday. Then yesterday I see news of Biden's trillions of dollars stimulus package will have large funding for EV in it so idk maybe I'll just buy back in Monday lol.
I am holding 30 VALE 4/16 20c and I am hoping for a 5 bagger on these.
Exactly. Thats gotta be the only valid explanation.
Awesome DD! Do you work for NIO IR by any chance?
The fact that CCP released that “laying low” statement means they don’t want baba to tank either.
Yeah in hindsight. There was a news article from years ago saying that Apple is gonna make their own chips. And the journalist was from Taiwan so my guess is that he must have known someone from TSMC
Exactly it had 9 stock splits in 10 years
So it actually helps the car manufacturers who are behind Tesla more than Tesla?
I think it’s well suited for the European market and the East Asian market. It will work really well in places like LA SF NYC Seattle Miami and such.
Nip 💦💦💦💦
Still no new factory / vertical integration nor updates on expansion to Europe. Solid state battery isn’t product ready until the end of 2022 at the earliest. And they won’t have control over the production pipeline since they are adopting someone else’s solid state battery (either CATL or Prologium). New self driving development via partnership with Nvidia is great but not groundbreaking. A lot of auto manufacturers are already using Nvidia’s platform to develop self driving like Xpeng and Li. ET7 is promising but won’t be delivered until Q1, 2022 at the earliest. It’s also an ultra premium sedan that competes w/ model S which really hasn’t been the moneymaker of all EV models.  Perhaps they will release a more affordable sedan next. I think Nio will be successful as long as they could execute the long term initiatives. But let’s not kid ourselves that there were no flaws in the Nio Day’s presentation. I own a good amount of Nio shares myself but also gotta be realistic as an investor here.
Its also chinese so they also maybe sold zero cars
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah remember what happened to Nike...its a shame they went bankrupt over the right wing shoeburnings.
These strategies will work until production goes up to meet demand. When China steps in, watch out because I don’t think the Biden administration is going to keep Section 232 alive. That will open up the floodgates for more dumping. I think the steel play will be over by end of summer. Grab your tendies and run
I feel Honored to tell you that You, my good Sir, have gained a follower.
I think any downside before the ICR would've happened by now. 

Most of the institutional investors are either Passive funds/ETFs or brokers with exceptions like Cohen and Burry who are both bullish on the stock.

If holiday sales are expected to fall then why wouldn't the bears wait till after the conference, there's been pretty good support around the $17 mark and with Cohen showing he's been buying at 16 shows that the stock is a floor then. Therefore any bears have already missed out on the price falling to that level. 

Also, everything there has been a drop in the last week, there has been a rapid recovery, helped by extremely large volume of shares traded in a small amount of time indicating a large investor buying (I.e. Cohen buying a few more shares).

If I was a bear (obviously I'm not) I'd be looking at a high price point to get in unsurprisingly, therefore what are they going to gain from a stock falling 50 cents in a day?

Also, they need to realise their profits at some point right? So if they were so strong in their fundamentals that GME is going to fail, surely you would let the price rise as much as possible and then hold a long term position waiting for it to go to bankruptcy. 

I think Monday will be a very low volume day (as has Friday and Thursday) and Tuesday will be where the fun begins. If US markets are green on Monday I think we'll be stable pre-ICR.
5G, AI, we got all the buzzwords!
[deleted]
Do you hate money?
Do you have a pt ?
Fuck, hard po's get my po so hard
Probably what they thought in the 70's too. Government data saying low inflation so they can keep pumping? must be true. most of the inflation is in the stock market and some commodities so they can pretend its not there for now but one day inflation is gonna rocket out the solar system.
12 hours before your 50x leverage contract auto liquidates 👀👀👅👅
Bought a timeshare and a pyramid scheme just diversified my portfolio
amen
[deleted]
ban or jail?
Ban
[removed]
Ban
Now is good time for sell wife and dog put all in balls deep TSLA yes? But March low bad time? I confuse
Dude obviously the stock market is more than so called fundamentals or earnings reports, just look at it. You can cry bubble or overvalued all you want but you're going to be the one left out on the side of the road sucking your thumb while the rest of the world moves on.
right, my bad
[deleted]
PLTR to the moon buy the upcoming dip, wait a few years and show all your gains while snorting Coke on a prostitutes ass on Mars 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
\+ The rest of the world is printing too. It's not like USA is the only country that's been hit by COVID. Basically, nothing changes, except stonks go up because everyone is investing lol
We will appreciate your sacrifice jack ma so that NIO can open 65$ Monday. Thank god that Ali baba intelligence came in use
Deleted the app for awhile lol
⏳👁️👄👁️ futes soon
Gratz, I hope you live in a country with socialized health care
Yeah, if Tsla goes on firesale it will get crazy. And it likely will, 1772style
Agree. PLTR has growth potential.  


GME is closing down their stores everywhere and this is where WSB wants to put their money. Obviously a dead industry.
Right wing crazies don’t move markets - how did their ban against Starbucks or whoever else go? They don’t have enough buying power and nobody cares enough to pander to the lowest hanging fruit in society aside from Trumpkins
just watched wall street & boiler room. kinda overrated 😒
No thats why I put it in quotes. It might mean more if its not an ev or green company though. Pltr doesn't have the retard strength of green behind it.
[deleted]
Sorry I'm just looking for my lost gf rn
Can you explain this strategy to a retard like me?
Omg can’t believe I didn’t see the cat the first 10 times
Do you believe that Nio has any chance in the west with their buisnessmodel? Especially considering that things like nio houses are something for urban dwellers and all my friends living in a city don’t even own a car.
I’m an addict 😰
If Elon ever makes a train, you can jump in front of it fot maximum symbolism.
Not sure what’s more crazy people basing their sales target on an analysis that only captures 2% of total sales excluding other countries or the guy that posts DD based on that. If I”m not mistaken the sales analysis on sample size is 1/50th and the samples are not respresentative due to having a different payment/order method? 

At a point it can also become a self-fulling prophecy so there are a lot of fake bulls that hedged themselves and are incentivised tp come out and spread the bear thesis. I might consider buying the dip if its big before ICR because the sheer number of gay bears walking around this is outrageous. 

Tl;dr disappointed in the bulls that can’t block out noise
Does "overvalued" even mean something in this day and age though?
[https://www.wsj.com/articles/what-does-nevadas-35-billion-fund-manager-do-all-day-nothing-1476887420](https://www.wsj.com/articles/what-does-nevadas-35-billion-fund-manager-do-all-day-nothing-1476887420)
RE-inversed
Great way to get all your shares ripped out of your belly like a dead fetus
Don’t be mean.
You ever catch insider news in the daily/weekend threads, but it's just a little bit off?

Before the AMZN news of first-time-ever BA plane purchases came out last week, someone at night was commenting in riddles and eventually let on that AMZN would be buying UAL (wtf!). He deleted his comments like 10m later. 

Of course, they didn't buy UAL but still. There are retarded insider guardian angels watching over us.
"And none of their mamas ever seem to know" is my favorite line. So very, very true.
Their sperm too weak. I have 3 baby mommas all white and we living off social security motherfucka 😋🤪🤪🤪
Infinite% gain
Burry? That dude will hold on
Stonks only go up retard. Remember next time.
[removed]
Nice
Nah, the new car will come at Q1 2022 or so, and the 1000km version? Q4 2022. So 1-2 years from now. Add some delays and unforseen issues so mid-late 2022 for the car and mid-late 2023 for the 1000km version. By then Tesla will have better products available, so i'm not worried.
I’m not paying attention to any legislative shit they try now. They won’t be able to actually get anything in place by the 20th and Biden won’t be enough of an idiot to piss off China like Trump has
[removed]
Enjoy the ride
What’s long term chair mean?
*The IRS has entered the chat*
Ive been thinking bout buying tesla, but i know for a fact, if some dumb shit news like a defective seat warmer comes out, tesla falls 10-20%. Its a casino for now
o face
Let me know what you find, I want some profits too.
Which is why I invested in ArkQ. I really don’t know who has it but I know Cathie will know
[removed]
I tried to buy the $200s but it stops at $80?
How is holding smart? Sell wait for drop and re buy maximises your return
[removed]
Meteorology has gotten incredibly accurate, you just don't remember the times they get it right because they happen so frequently. It's pretty crazy we can predict the weather for the next month with 80 percent accuracy
When your spoilt grandchildren liquidate your assets when you die
Alexa is ignoring me :(

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMdhWRO4-dQ
Texan here what I deducted from your DD is 24 🚀 = 240 PT EOY. 🤠🚀
Did similar things but got back in when it was traded in the 20s. Gonna learn my lesson this time.
r/geology, so much cleavage I cant last more than five minutes there
If you dont want to take out money, at least pull out enough to pay off your house + maybe 250k or something for hobbies/toys like a 911 or something.

Enough to have the regrets (if TSLA gets torched) stick only with the account and not the rest of your life.
Want to 8c 6/18 but IV's a bit high.
See this is how I know you have no idea what you are talking about. Please go look at all 2021 model year cars. They all have ipads, and not inly that, but they have much better looking ipads that dont look like they were bolted on. Go look at the porsche one, its so fucking beautiful, tesla literally seems retarded after you see a real car company do it.
And if it goes down that just means more gains for us TSLA will always go back up
 i mean some serious honkers. a real set of badonkers. packin some dobonhonkeros. massive dohoonkabhankoloos. big ol' tonhongerekoogers. what happens next?! transfer student shows up with even bigger bonkhonagahoogs. humongous hungolomghononoloughongous
Yes 

Posted from my Tesla phone
he tries to make creative, entertaining content and donates most of the proceeds to good causes. he's starting his own homeless shelter and food bank.   
wtf have you done with your money? asshole.
r/ballsdeepandcumming (NSFW)

But probably more relevant to WSB:
r/VirginityExchange/
Who says I didn't
Und wann verkaufen?
It might, but it also might just bleed out. Its got alot of pressure from both sides and its "overvalued" with alot of float. The more I think about it the better 26c sounds and it might hit it or surge above it , but id personally sacrifice potential gains for extra time. Too much shit going on with pltr
could you just imagine getting in at $6 😵🤯
Consider all it takes is one stupid tweet of Elon to swing the stock 20% either way lol
Perhaps the gentleman would be more comfortable at one of our keno lounges for boomers? 

r/investing  -->

(Do you even understand what this sub is about??)
remembering when I sold my NIO shares for 3,85USD back in May, even got a 2% profit. life is good.
There are some good renewable energy ETFs if you want to play it a bit safer. TAN and PBW have been easy money as of late.
People are estimating that holiday numbers will be bad, and that it might dip to 15.
You dropped this \ 
 *** 
^^&#32;To&#32;prevent&#32;anymore&#32;lost&#32;limbs&#32;throughout&#32;Reddit,&#32;correctly&#32;escape&#32;the&#32;arms&#32;and&#32;shoulders&#32;by&#32;typing&#32;the&#32;shrug&#32;as&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯`&#32;or&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯`

 [^^Click&#32;here&#32;to&#32;see&#32;why&#32;this&#32;is&#32;necessary](https://np.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3fbrg3/is_there_a_reason_why_the_arm_is_always_missing/ctn5gbf/)
His audience probably skews too young for Robin Hood to sponsor him.
Nog ni geprobeerd  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯, at the moment im only doing stocks
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
The importance of her words were equivalent to not speaking at all.
I blame the investors
Waiting for bubble crash to yolo buy
Shut up poor
12 hours until futures
These never fail to be right.  All in!
Where see you guys NIO in the end of 2021? Which prediction?
I bought a couple calls on friday because some retard told me it's mooning next week. Fuck i hope he's right
10x 20c vale June reporting in... let this baby fly! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
There are probably more crucial reasons as to why you are a bad parent
Want to play my college tuition you rich bastard?
More chickens and chocobo music from ff7 gold saucer
Man you really shoulda bought in March
Monty Python and the Holy Grail still funny af
Then you see meek mill and tik tok girls speaking about tsla stock going to the moon
I’ve got SQ and MELI leaps as direct payments exposure. Also a very good call
Taiwan number one, hope this pumps TSM
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck yes!
What call to buy?
[deleted]
Alexa play Frank Zappa - Catholic Girls
I get 2007 vibes
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Only in USA
Uhhhh. I dunno. So... inflame China against USA? Sounds like another dick move by this admin.
[deleted]
Obama did nothing significant to turn around the economy he inherited?
Cool beans. I am going to sit by and wait at least 20 years before risking this vaccine but I will be taking note of how those who got it fare.
Building startups helped me to realize how awfully slow generic companies. This best engineers are not going to work overtime to make ev for, say, BMW. They will work on their problems and fields of interest. Some of them are just happen to be EV.

Just look at all “concepts” and their awful outdated dashboards. Put the fucking iPad already, but no this is not as challenging as it could be and management and engineers are simply not going to do this because it is boring and hard to sell to top management.
At least give credit to the person who posted this originally lol 

https://reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/ku2ymw/biden_to_announce_stimulus_in_the_trillions_on/
[removed]
[deleted]
Y'all don't think it'll rise above 26 into demo day? u/reddituserzerosix u/Eljohnnya u/Gullible_State_9849
[removed]
Mark b spiegel dead?
Same here. Need to do some more DD but orders seem to come in and they do actually seem to have a product
Probably more like sterility and then a whole lot of other more serious side effects leading to a massive health crisis
Sure... you get, you hold em, but you don't talk about em much.
I‘ll double my position just because of your gay post mr 🐻🌈
[removed]
Alright, here's some economic evidence for you, actual numbers. GDP for 2020. U.S. -4.3. Canada -7.1. Now let's hop across the pond and check on Europe. U.K -9.8 France -9.8 Spain -12.8 Portugal -10 Italy -10.6 Austria -6.7 Switzerland -5.3 Germany -6. As far as the charts are concerned, I see the Obama was trending in a positive direction and Trump continued to trend in the same direction up until covid. If you're pleased with the way an economy is going then someone else takes over and it performs in exactly the same way then it's hard to say they fucked it up. Neither Trump or Obama did anything particularly impressive with the economy, recessions in this country have always resulted in long periods of sustained growth, historical growth has tended to be greater than either achieved.
he prolly is europoor and has sunday already
Palantir 🚀🚀🚀 gme 👎
There is thousands of accounts openly calling for violence for most of the year and they didnt get banned. You are so fucking stupid...
lol wow that’s just dumb. How did Nio prove its song better. It proved it has no battery tech is just gonna use another companies solid state battery. Again Chinese company lying about solid state. Stop trying to find the nest Tesla when we have one
How it’s going so far for me  https://i.imgur.com/TuGNrbV.jpg
Trading tech which is not Tesla..
Me a plug bear
Okay I got it! First GME moons. I send those tendies back to earth and give it to MT and that gets me to Mars. I send those tendies back to get a PSTH rocket to get me to Uranus. I send those back to get me a rocket to fly me to Pluto with a PLTR rocket with correct retardation to tendies fuel ratio.
Don’t get me wrong. Owning shares is def the way but I’m here for gain porn from options lol like the u/deepfuckingvalue
[removed]
I haven't done DD on Intel but AMD is eating their lunch and with far fewer resources. Something is rotten at Intel. Acquiring AMD is out of the question due to anti-trust issues.
They have been rigging elections for years and, up until the 2020 presidential election, weren't always successful because there is a delicate balance between getting your candidate over the line and exposing your fraud so they don't always succeed. I believe the dems rigged the 2016 election but underestimated the support for Trump so they didn't go far enough and then the same thing happened in 2020 which is why the count was stopped on election night and they went all in and their desire to win at any cost over rode their prudence in not making it obvious they were cheating. If they get Biden in the WH then they know it doesn't matter his obvious their cheating is because nothing will be done about it
i like. you?
I see it. Would make drunk viking love to J.Bell while watching Archer.
Sexy
At the very least the most beautiful electric car. By a long shot
[removed]
if that happens im absolutely fucked
Bullish. 


“Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Saturday said he was lifting restrictions on contacts between U.S. officials and their Taiwanese counterparts, a move likely to anger China and increase tensions between Beijing and Washington in the waning days of President Donald Trump’s presidency.”
Fuck wired in computers and complicated analytics, *I'm* getting a chicken.
I'm holding PLTR and am not touching GME with a 10 foot pole, so am not expecting that comment to be true 6 months from now..
Wish i still had MT for 7 euro p/s .. Sold them for profit.
>Listen 🐻, buy the motherloving dip right now. You think stocks will go down? Let's have a trading competition right here and show everybody how tough you are
I have May 60c and March 60c for NIO .. What is the best time to sell these ?
You say Skynet, but I don’t see any PLTR 🚀 in there. Don’t sleep on Project Maven.
Hello there. 
Well, of course I lost some money but I don't feel too bad about the whole thing. 

It was interesting to see the market's reaction to news like the vaccine and Dems winning the Senate. Both stocks and yields spiked, however after the vaccine news both stocks and yields eased temporarily. 

It's clear that a lot of events are just sucked up by Algos. 

Of course one might argue "bonds took a beating" but I will counter that bond prices are still significantly higher than pre-crisis. So the market has seen an easing from the insanely high deflationary pressures we saw in early 2020 but on the other hand the market doesn't buy into the inflation hysteria and recovery of the real economy at all. 

If you look at the DXY it also fell quite a bit however I advocated for the usage of the trade weighted index calculated by the Fed itself. That index is still pretty high. 

At least for me, fundamentally nothing has changed. We see the actions of traditional banks in the weekly H.8 data. No growth in the credit market (I mean coronavirus crisis has started almost one year ago) while banks love to accumulate government protected securities like MBS and treasuries.

Regarding the actions of shadow banks (the ones which caused all the mania up until 2007), it's hard to look into that system. I can just vaguely assume that nothing has changed there because the Fed refuses to acknowledge that system as an offshore dollar system. The Fed is stubborn regarding its role as a US bank regulator. 

In that regard it was interesting to see what China thinks, mainly Xi Jinping. He repeated his idea of "quality before quantity" and made a new 5 year plan which is actually a 15 year plan. Of course there's always interpretation of words included but I think that even Xi himself doesn't believe in infinite growth and globally synchronized growth anymore. 

Fundamentally it's also important to acknowledge the weakness of stock markets every three months and this has been empirically hinted at many times, up until 2008. I couldn't get behind the true reason for this seasonality but the origins of this weakness are of historical nature (farmers leaving the big cities and coming back after a few months, taking their money with them). It's easy to see this in the SPY chart. 

Speaking of the SPY chart, if you look at March/June/September/December violent moves downwards aren't unusual, it's actually the opposite, they became the norm. We just focus on March 2020 because SPY went all the way down in that month. But pretty big drops happened in June 2020, September 2020, August 2019 (repo market crisis), May 2019, December 2018 (trade war? As you can see with coronavirus, money markets don't really care about these things, they only care about the money), October 2018, March 2018, February 2018.
On the other hand the best months to be long (hypothetically) would be the months after the quarter ends. January, April, July and October. 
Funnily a friend of mine asked me in the end of December whether he should sell some of his stocks like Nio but I said to hold because January will probably be great for stocks even though I have a bearish bias. Well until now I'm right. 

Why are the moves so violent? One hypothesis which I agree with is that active value investors are getting crowded out by passive investors. 
Active investors have always set an outside spread for assets. They're the people who say "ok if SPY drops 20% I will buy as much as I can because the fundamentals will be good then".
However as more and more people are flocking to passive investing via index funds the market has shifted. In normal times the constant and price-insensitive buying via index funds has propped up prices but in times of crisis the money inflows can't keep up with the selling pressure in those times.
If we compare 2020 to 2008 we see that after Lehman Brothers failed the drop in SPY wasn't even as severe as it was in March 2020 (where nothing - on the surface at least - failed). You would have thought that the world was doomed in 2008 but the stock market reacted way harder in March 2020.
You can draw your own conclusions from this. For me it's both the sign of a sick system and how passive investing has been undermining the mechanics of a true market for decades now.

Well that's enough for now.

Take care!
<3
Next gen boomer shit
Nice I think it’s gonna keep going for a bit
This will 100% pass. There will surely be at least a few Republicans who vote for this even if a dem doesn't.
Why would you write this call when the market could go '99 mode and rise like hell
his black eyes should be almost all healed up by now so expect him to come out soon. 

BABA🚀
Love u man hang in there!
You can always donate some of your positions without realizing the gains annnnnnd you get a tax write off lowering your tax bill. Pay a cpa.
Lithium is going to be in great demand for this EV boom. LTHM will continue to grow ez
i don't know, hence why i asked??
Money isnt zero sum you fucking idiot, voting for higher taxes fucks yourself over more than anything.
Are there cheaper options in other good companies?
Originally options are used to hedge big funds. Why wsb is so hot on options is because options allow you to maximize your gains. An option is a contract to buy or sell 100 shares at a predetermined price. Except the only thing you actually pay is the contract price, so a set amount per share. 

Say company A has a stock valued at 50$ per share. You buy a call option to buy the stock at 55$ per share, but the contract costs 50 cents per share. 50 cents X 100 = 50 dollars. You can control 100 shares with 50 dollars instead of the 5000 dollars you need to buy the shares. So if you think a stock will go up by 5$ by a predetermined price, you just need to invest 50 dollars per 100 shares instead of 5000. In theory, if you had 5000 dollars to invest, you'd be able to buy 100 contracts, or control 100'000 shares with options as opposed to only 100 if you buy shares.

To put it in really incorrect terms, it's pretty much like margin. It allows you to get rich super quickly but also lose everything super quickly. It's a multiplier thats a ticking time bomb.

But options don't have to be retarded or risky or an illogical investment. They really don't. It's just these degenerates know nothing about risk management and greed is a terrible emotion. You can buy options dated for 2+ years, you can invest smaller amounts in options to hedge your current shares. Options are a wonderful thing honestly, it's just easy to go overboard too quickly. 

Anyone reading this pls call me out if anything I said is retarded.
?
Even the tax rate in my Western European country isn’t that high. What a ripoff
How are you losing money 😂
Jan 22 1k calls are gonna print.
!remindme 6 months
ass!
Not really, at 75k or 150k you just start getting 5 bucks less per hundred over you are. So the larger the check the higher income you can have and still get some cash. The republicans pushed back in 2k checks because people making up to 300k would still be getting some of that 2k.
I’m buying puts in the am
Don't worry... Us X'ers didn't ever have shit so you won't get that from us.

Edit: the new influx of Cramer fan bois... gotta be them, right
Wtf. Nobody gives a fuck about Parler lol
[deleted]
he meant +20%. seriously bruh just dont waste your hard earning to short tesla
It probably wouldn’t be that hard, since Elon did fall for Amber Turd. 💩🤑
Why not apple twtr fb or googl?
even spelt cals rong! dingdong!
I genuinely think this will be the biggest year for gains in the history of the market 🚀
A sharp quick drop would be if they're selling shares, if you're gambling on Amazon sales reducing then that's likely to impact share prices when financial results are released. I'd more expect Amazon to go up from the left.
Burry was a chicken this whole time?
Shit... I came from a religious upbringing so I dig that r/ChristianGirls. The sharpie in the pooper one is a classic.
I’m buying puts first thing   Am.
No lul. Right wing or not where the fuck else am i going to order a vibrator from while I'm locked down.
Most of the TSLA shorts have been closed out. If it misses earnings or some other black swan event happens, all the sellers are gonna be ready with full firepower to drive it down.
[removed]
80% in stock with at least half in ETFs, maybe a bit in c o i n. 10% in LEAPS. The rest is up to you. 

Just don’t blow an inheritance on options. It’s ruined many autists here. That’s one thing you’d never be able to forgive for.
Trading212 for shares and Tastyworks for options
What? 🤯
Hold all until NASA went to moon I dare you
Biden, Jpow, Nancy & Yellen next 4 years gonna be good for stocks and gold
Never would have thought id dislike weekends because of all the money i was having fun losing during the week
 Quoted from inflationdata.com  : 

## U.S. Annual Inflation Rate in Percent

We calculate the ***Current Inflation rate*** (see table below) to two decimal places while the Bureau of Labor Statistics only calculates ***inflation*** to one decimal place. Therefore, while being based on the same government Consumer Price index (CPI-U) our data provides a "finer" view. 

📷July thru October 2019 is a perfect example, according to the government statistics July=1.8%, August=1.7%, and September=1.7%. However, our data shows inflation in July as 1.81%, August as 1.75%, September as 1.71%. Therefore instead of the inflation rate being "flat" it is actually falling slightly over this 3 month period. Of course this could just be a statistical anomaly but..

Using this enhanced view we might be alerted to watch for the possibility of a bigger decline... which in this case didn't happen as inflation rates for the following months began rising to 1.76%, then 2.05% and 2.29%, and finally 2.49% in January 2020.

In another example we see August 2003 and September with the Government saying inflation rates were 2.2% and 2.3% respectively. This would lead us to believe that inflation rose 0.1% during that period.  In actuality however,  it rose from 2.16% to 2.32% or a 0.16% increase, substantially more than 0.1%! Once again this finer view gives us a better picture that inflation might be rising more than it appeared to be.
Zyn? You sure can. It is fake dip (like bandits, but it is nicotine salt - no tobacco). Sell it at just about every gas station in N America too.
WSB
What premiums were you paying for it?
[removed]
Ah that’s right.
Cited and everything. *my man!*
What are the best NSFW subs 🚀
Athletes
>I’m a failed parent because my 11 year old loves this fuck. By the way, he published this video hoping it’d go viral on WSB

Exactly! Now you better start being nice to the Mr. Beast and he might give you some tendies too.
[removed]
Yeah, well. That’s a clear buy signal.
in china ,many people choose nio ,is for hating the inside of tesla. nio did much more better.
Is MP also in the category?
Does it make sense to PUT / short AMZN because right wing people will react by boycotting bezos for taking down Parler? I feel like that makes sense. Those customers could easily go to Walmart. Fox News and the right wing crazies are going to lose their minds inb4 free speech etc etc. But is now the time to expect a sharp quick drop of AMZN?
17 300 AUD
 Quoted from U.S. bureau of labor statistics:

#### [CPI for all items rises 0.2% in November as broad set of indexes increase](https://www.bls.gov/news.release/cpi.nr0.htm)

*12/10/2020*

In November, the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers rose 0.2 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis; rising 1.2 percent over the last 12 months, not seasonally adjusted. The index for all items less food and energy rose 0.2 percent in November (SA); up 1.6 percent over the year (NSA).
What app or website is that?
Yup I sold back then too lol fuck
Good lord I would dream having that so I could put 12 in.

Unemployed and forced to cash out to pay off child support. California wouldn't work with me having 0 income.

No retirement at age 48.

Living in my car but at least 100% debt free.

18 years i helped design semiconductor chips for dept of defense, satellites, auto, and now eating food out of trash now post plant layoff. 
What a difference 2 years makes
Literally all of twotter and the media incited riots for 6 months where they were literally terrorists against people who had nothing to do with the situation. Yet people actually being mad at the government is a problem? You are cancer
Call me a hater but all these boomers invading the thread with gain porn from shares they bought like a decade ago is 🥱
Niiiee O here.  To the Moooon baby! 

Breath in that beautiful ass phrana baby.
I missed tesla, not missing this.
150k was for him to buy the hamptons and turn it into affordable housing
Interesting. I've been meaning to quit tobacco for a while, without just going back to vaping. Can you order it online in the US? May as well give it a try.
All my homies want an Endurance.
Well here in Canada the opposite has happened. The high operating costs of the big boys has pushed their prices to be uncompetitive with the black market, while the small boutique, higher quality brands that can justify their price have been much more successful. Of course doing business in Canada isn't directly comparable to doing business in the U.S.
You are right; however, had I followed the same logic on Thu I would not have had this gain in the first place.

I believe the trade still has room to go up further, and I'm willing to lose the gains if I'm wrong.
No, the guy you replied to is spreading disinformation.
Damn straight!
Her leaving you for Mr. Beast would be the best thing that's ever happened to you.
I guess that’s fair
It’s comical.
RKT!!!
It only takes one 10x to undo nine 0x. Just remember that.
damn sick.  That's a crazy total of $960 in 40 years.  With investments like this I bet he is on the phone daily with Buffet.
who is disinformed now, me?
Whatever you do, don't be a 💏🐻
Considering that's literally how the economy works, that makes sense.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Take out what you put in and let the rest ride. Or, take a % out (50 to 75%) and let rest ride. Stocks that go up quickly tend to go down just as quick, or faster, if they start a descent down.
fake.  also, your profile is really weird.  you need therapy.
And make millions of ad revenue and merchandise from one video. He got big buy doing sponsored videos and literally just giving all the money away to streamers when he first started. Dropping $10k donations like it was nothing.
What in tarnation
Lmao yea it’s the expiry
[removed]
No guns or ammo or magazines though
Yeah I like BB
But for real sucking Elons dick isn’t even gay at this point
What is 6/18 the date of the option?
Rainy weather all week in Brazil. WFH not changing for 6months at least... so $JO flat?
Buy the $60 calls for 2022
a literal EV circlejerk
BULLISH TECH BULL MARKET UNTIL 2027

STAY IN THE MARKET AND GET RICH BOYS
Lol wait to see the porsche resale value in 5 years
The answer to your pondering is "yes, lol"


They can ban everyone with the first name starting letter "G" instantly and it would be completely legal. No justification necessary at all
If Tesla's bubble doesn't explode in the forseeable future, nothing in the market will ever make sense. So I'm not going to waste my time predicting it
BB
Options US/EUR, warrants, turbos, everything you need to loose money
[removed]
Good question. If there is a way for him to do it without causing issues, he'll do it. Honestly, he should just buy 100k shares of whatever stock (definitely not GME 😉🚀🌚)
260 by March
Either invest in PLTR or in $ROPES
Ultimate 🚀 company
Y’all all shorting Tesla but when Monday comes and it starts mooning y’all fasho gonna jump on the train 😅keep that same energy
It is
My 300c thinks so
Just buy leaps dude pltr is in for a bumpy ride. We still have the soros sell off and the theil buy in, along with a few other catalysts.
cant go tits up
Thank you. It means a lot that I am actually fitting in here
Add Goodfellas to that
INTC not going anywhere, I’m holding, they’ve been down 30% already
Is anyone here from the UK. If so what platform/app do you guys use?
OMG, this place has a Geely fan????
I've moved on to other plays
Canadian Sugr?
I was abt to write exactly the same lol...the only difference is that tesla might become a trillion dollar company first and then retrace 90% loool
>I'm super long TSLA and wouldn't lose sleep if I move my entire portfolio into TSLA at the current price. 

Then you're insane...
fuck gavin newson he wants u to buy ev so then he can tax u $700 for stickers every year make more money only need to invest 1b
Huya is worth $4bn while Bili is worth $40bn surely there’s more room for Huya stock to go up Compared to Bili which already had a huge run.
[deleted]
im buying nip calls on monday for 1/15 should I buy ITM or OTM?!?!
Are you going to let the nio call contract play out for a few more months or are you going to sell soon?
Real question : what happens when Ma comes out of his hiding place?

Stock should go up 10% right?

Calls in BABA
tesla never go down. it s different this time
PSTH
NIO
and the next few years\~
How often does he post that? I could’ve swore it was $150k couple days ago.
hold my friend and enjoy watching the headless chicken over here once the bubble pops
Sir, this is a Wendy's
always buy call on tesla.. free monei
You should smoke less whatever you have in Italy
Lol except white women prefer non white men hahahaha thanks for your women 😂👀😂👀
Sofi said in their report they’re expecting q1 which should be soon. I’d normally buy in but I’ll wait a bit and see if this goes back to nav or to the moon
I think people buying tsla partly because of space X, when and if it goes public - we will definitely see money shifting from tsla to space x
congratz retards. go tell your boss to go fuck himself and quit
Look at all 6 photos
Sugandese
I’m guessing you have like half a share on RH
[deleted]
The value of the spread will only fully reflect the theoretical value upon expiry. So you have to wait an entire year to do 4X, and you are also entirely dependent on FUBO alone
Lmao i love how gme are palantir are in the same tier on this sub
Keep it up man! You can save money by quitting so you can lose even more money here instead!
Can you explain a bit more why sell it calls, buy atm puts and selling selling puts in the 13 range. Just trying to understand the strategy here. Thx
Disinformation is funny
Could just be some profit taking at what we consider record market highs. Or it could be begining's of larger sell side activity that need to be monitored, should larger selling off pick up from it.
BABA
Since this made it to the front page it's got me curious. How does one just have $100k to invest on a single asset without having lots of money to begin with? How long ago was the initial investment made (oh wait I think that's the date on the left?) and how can a low class pleb like me with maybe at most $5 to 10k to invest in this and would that be a good idea? I've wanted to invest in something lately but I just don't know what, but with so little I need it to be fairly safe.
Sell 1.5 mill and retire in south america or asia
Judging by the number of h1b employees big tech agrees.
The Brandenburg question means that an individual can't be the bully pulpit of inciting lawless, violent, or criminal behavior. Trump violated this. Social media also has the right to censor anybody as it is a private entity in which you agree to their terms and conditions. A majority of his cult probably doesn't know this, so they pickin up some remington @ VSTO to "fight for their rights"
[deleted]
Famous last words
Sundial maybe
Why leaps for a short term rebound?
Not really, it's crazy top-heavy. Most people that act at your local plays don't make much money. Similar to musicians, you just know of the ones that made it.
So I'm  looking at buying 1 Jan 29 $20c AT 5.45 tomorrow, making my breakeven 25.45/share. Palantir rallying to $26/share tomorrow or continuing to drop?
Would you let jack ma die if NIO went to 100$ on Monday ??? I would
What happens to the stock when Ma finally comes out of his place?

You get your answer
What spread was this?
plz
What stocks are ready for a breakout this week? Please no GME or PLTR.
NY, LA, SF maybe
Lol.... Nice analogy
I’m buying a stonk you retard
He got banned.
It’s just a stupid word for stocks
Yeah it’s definitely possible 💎💍👋though the recent drops were so brutal I felt the need to yolo
If you're right on CMC 25 pre-market on 1/11 do you sell then or hold till expiry?
What's on 26th
Don’t be mad
REEE
Yea we kno what side you are you piece of shit human
Literally nothing but retards will take it to the moon anyway
this is making want to sell everything and go back to cash
When the bubble burst and the shared are worthless. It's the wallstreet bets way
should i sell my alibaba? I only bought quite recently
That’s if u can lift a sledgehammer, Frenchy
"I'm too lazy"

So instead you shit up the feeds of 1.8 million people with your question?

Your sense of entitlement is astounding.
I’ll repeat: they fluctuate A LOT
He panic sold a dip at $18.

He lives in his moms basement.
Wasn't this the guy who promised to put 100K into a stock with the most upvotes on WSB a while back?  


Does anyone know whatever happened with that, or the reason why he never followed through?
[removed]
You should teach this stuff 👍
but if you hold for 1+ year then sell a few every year then it's only like 15% right
My big issue is that the birds that flew them away from Mordor could’ve just flown them to get there in the first place. Lotta people didn’t need to die. Ruined the movies for me when I realized that
Calls on intel are not going to end well. They are a mess.
[deleted]
Not a fanboy but its CEO also runs SpaceX?  Not to mention he already launched a roadster that flew by Mars
Rand is the shit
where‘s the redbull?
I act like I have fuck you money at work and it ended up getting me a super good position after 2.5 years. I only have a total of 60k or so but I act like I’ve always owned the place with 1,000 employees lol. I went from doing about 40 hours of actual work a week to about 15 hours of real work.
[deleted]
I got in the first major gap up back in nov


$10.50 FDs went 23x lol. Shoulda went long too, I did not see it going this far.
25 years (started ~13).
So... I had a pack-a-day habit for a long time (Reds). Switched to American Spirits and that went to 2 packs a week. Now I'm just on Zyn and it really, really works for me.

Edit: quit once for ~7 years. Don't know why I started again.
[removed]
it is chinese
Yo man. We on wsb. Its not that serious. Get your angry ass back to investing. And yes we know what a tam is.   Do you know the tam of the energy markets? Do you consider tsla a play on that? I do. Chamath does. Do you know the mkt cap of aramco? Do you think they are majority investor in lucid as a hedge? I do.  Now go get your shine box
Didnt know this sub was for 7 year olds
Well it' used to be offshored but the cost of misunderstandings in communication ended up costing more than just doing it with someone nationally. Most companies that used to let Indians code for them are going back to national coders.
Is twitter government owned?
[removed]
Thank you for updating the readability, that previous wall of text was rough
so were just gonna forget about jack ma then 🤣
Congrats in the early retirement and fuck you.
Your car purchase price is cheaper by about 10k and you rent your battery for about 150 a month. Also you can swap it out in a few minutes for a fully charged one at their stations.
How do you places called for that for such a short price ?
Wow. I’d be more than happy to have 100$ of disposable income to be able to invest T,T
And the death of freedom was met with thunderous applause... literally a fucking nazi
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/goybt the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
aye starting the call buying
[removed]
Howd it turn out for ya?
Indeed thats one good metric to use for a portfolio managers performance. Risk adjusted return too, and the Sharpe perhaps which I find disputable as it also penalizes upside vol
Only fanatics actually care about actual freedom of speech.
April 1st would be the most appropriate day for Tesla to peak imo
How long/much were you smoking
Just buy whatever you think has a shitload of growth potential and get a few protective puts on it.
Take half out and diversify. You will still have good money but less risk.
 Checked history because of this comment...then I realized I upvotes him 8 days ago...oh shit. 

God speed OP.
whatever you do, put 10% in feb/march dated puts
inflation in November of 2020 was 1.2%. People that are crying dollars will be worthless have no clue what they're talking about.
The average recipient is probably going to cash that check out and spend it on tendies. according to one guy I talked to about getting into options, his response was "fuck no, I'm getting more plants."
On a related note, what is a good commodity ETF to invest in?
Ah yes, french breakfast, the cornerstone of a healthy diet! Enjoy bro
If i had to choose, probably Riot, (ideally nio at this point)
I wish I had enough money to make money
Invest in time machines
Pigs get slaughtered.
Real question: I noticed founders in a couple long term holds of mine (twilio and hubspot) both recently sold fairly large quantities of shares (like 10k+). Same w some rank and file employees. Is this just normal stock compensation behavior? 

Or like, sell that shit Monday
So take a million out? And let the other half ride?
Guys, what do you make of RIDE?
Dabs + coffee + Zyn for me.
Pour me a shot
I’m enjoying this dialogue and I appreciate your points, but if you want to talk about bad health incentives I think corn and soybean subsidies are making all our shittiest foods way too cheap. Everything has high fructose corn syrup and hydrogenated soybean oil and that shit makes the poor people all fat and a huge drain on the system.

There is absolutely no political will to change this though.
You need a stic too.
[removed]
it's for july though
Someone explain roblox to me?
A simple spell but quite unbreakable. So when's $TSLA market cap going to surpass US GDP?
Ok I'm seeing tons of these posts like this lately

My question is what is the catalyst for it going down? Of course the valuation is crazy but it was crazy at 400 billion let alone 850 billion. Like seriously if the bull market is going to keep going and renewables are getting huge pushes then I don't see why it won't keep going up. Maybe take a breather tho
It goes up...then goes up more
>  thats the whole point of freedom of speech.

I suggest you read it.  You might be surprised at who it applies to.

Spoiler Alert:  The government can't, but private company can.
Keep on it, only going to go up
[deleted]
I hope at the very least you buy a tesla, this company sells cars right? Not just dreams?
[deleted]
I still can't believe this dude put all his money into two businesses that any rational person would view as a complete money sink or 95% chance of failure. Rockets and electric cars, in 2002/3. smfh. should've put his 100m+ in an etf and fucked off
Hate speech lol. What a stupid concept. You need to distance yourself from emotions my dude and think about the stock plays involved
Peak retard
I am having croissant, coffee and cigarettes for breakfast. Anyone want sum?
👊
Look... I don't like the guy, but if he would raw dog porn chicks while either saying how good he is at that or how bad anything else is... I'd sub.
nah they can sign up for exciting updates at [donjr.com](https://donjr.com) 

side note, it cracks me up no one has fixed the typo and it invites users to agreee
Application/ web development. That shit could be offshored so fast for 1/1000th the first as developing in the U.S. and you don't even have to worry about supply chain really.
NIO looks like where it’s gonna be now that TSLA is too expensive for stimulus checks. 🚀
Ok $60k goes here
I’ll put all my life savings into TSLA if it loses 90%!
How is that possible?
Sold another house /flip
I don’t get it? Could you explain please?
will go up when biden releases stimmy details thursday
Source or bust
Then GME all in
What about if we exchange out potential big profits into gold or Swiss Franc ?
While it is a valid point, it does still give a pretty bad customer experience from my point of view.
Got in early and before the split I think
How are you not gonna acknowledge amazon has zero competition and tesla is going up against an army of the worlds greatest engineering firms
january jones is a [sexy](https://media.gq.com/photos/55846fde09f0bee56443ef1c/master/w_628,h_434,c_limit/women-2009-11-january-jones-slideshow-january-jones-mad-men-cover-story-05.jpg) bitch
I have shares, I’m avoiding these options
This.

Garage, or office.
[removed]
Actually hope it drops, gives me a window to fuel up
No matter what happens on Monday 
If it goes up or down 
Just buy it on Monday 
It’ll probably go to the moon the next few weeks
You could get more money if it does. 

Or you could sell now and know that you'll be financial secure for the rest of your life if you just dump it all in ETFs and dividends. 

That to me is worth far more than more money in a theoretical pot.
Gamblevest
FULL ARKK/ARKG.
I'll buy a NIO if it comes to US. As long as my calls print
I STILL have that art that one guy made (pretty sure he is banned now) as my phone's wallpaper.
Yes $60k will go here
There will always be something new
“You can apply for Social Security Disability Insurance in person at any Social Security office or file an application at www.ssa.gov.”
I never understood why guys would stay in their garage and organize it all night until I had a wife and kids. My garage is fucking immaculate.
Straight up telling us to 

💎hand calls & double down
Dumbass, thats the whole point of freedom of speech. Literally any movement can be censored in the name of "inciting violence" no matter how legit it is. A majority of people know trump is full of shit and that his "movement" will hit a dead end. This censorship is just emboldening his cult of personality who are also loaded to the brim with guns. VSTO mooned after the georgia election, so this might be somthing. Don't get emotional over this on this sub.
Our antics are earning more than 7% in a year. They hate that kind of talk.
Yes

Really shows that half of this sub is unemployed lol
Apparently GOEV has some partnership news later this week. Already got shares but might get some calls monday since it dropped a lot
I'd consider throwing it all in to Nio at open Monday (the sooner the order goes in before opening the cheaper you'll get it I think). Then sell in a few days and put it all in to score media and let it grow 2-20 times in the next 12 months.
there was unusual activity on the 1/15 17c.  I’m feeling bullish.  might edit/delete this comment
Tsla, Nio, or Nga??
[removed]
Yes that's what I meant by that
My ‘business’ partner ‘friend’ did exactly this with a dozen coins I planned on holding I kid you not at that time until the collapse of society.

Fuck it my town and hard drive burned in a PG&E Fire anyways who cares we’re still friends sort of
ICLN
PLUG is fucking insane 

Just beyond insane
We just went into “lockdown” yesterday too...for all that’s worth
Bc, feelings....
10k YOLO in TSLA or RIOT?
This right-mother-fucking here.
[deleted]
Their food is trash.  Their fish tastes like microwaved erasers
What’s the thesis on steel calls
Do the nasdaq and nyse matching engines for the order books use first-in-first-out?
I think they could make a fucking great outreach for black voters the same way they did for poor whites—“a strong economy and low immigration is what’s best for you and for your wage growth. We know how to create growth.”

It’s logical and sensible and it doesn’t have to be racist. Instead we lead with fucking conspiracy theories.
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hey if thats his Youtube shtick and it works then it works. If it helps people out and entertains why not?
[removed]
Okay riddle me this. Let’s say you’re correct. What economic policies has trump implemented that has benefited the economy?
[removed]
Sorry, I am from germany and I don’t have any sense if stonks means something good or bad? 😅😂
To anyone envious right now, don’t worry. He’ll take your advice and let it ride then lose it all and post about it
Invest or gamble?
IPOE Jan 2023 $10 CALLS for just $12.50  


Insanely cheap. Free money.
I made $30k in 1 week in sept 2020 and lost $45k in the next 4 days.  That one stung like a mother fucker
Biden and Yellen thank you for repaying the stimmy so quickly!
There are no rules anymore
Maybe for smart people...
*130m but yeah I’ve heard there’s a spike.
Trump could potentially see another term or at the very least many american politicians will be arrested. American cia and politicians were involved.
GME 25c 7/16 all in
Censorship of hate speech? Yah okay. Maybe they can go cry to their mommy’s.
Is this a jojo reference?
That is a really good idea.
China built an entire hospital in 14 days.
He has to be the thiccest president tho am I right.
Yes, if your debt to equity ratio is low enough.
Yeah, we might be in a bubble allright
It's pretty obvious.
Man... me and my aunt used to cook\smoke yak and cigs for like 3 days straight. I'd wake up gasping for air... good times.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
VSTO is looking like a buy again boys. This censorship stuff will make a lot of people even more unhappy than before.
Tata?
At what point do you cash out your initial investment
Now go all in on TSLA calls, full faith in elongated muskrat
buy RioCan, get 9% div pay out monthly + high chance of upside movement, almost impossible for stock to go lower
Did grandma die finally? I say you go full Nigerian prince
[deleted]
All of them. On every company
[deleted]
Moon all through 2021!!!
This is the way.
aTAK gang
i’ll probably watch that when i watch On The Waterfront
Even if I wildly disagree with pricing in spaceX into Tesla- spaceX is valued at ~100B, that’s what? The past week of Tesla gains?
The new Ford EVs will have drive assist as well.
All in TSLA FDs
Anyone in CLF?
No evidence, you maen like unemployment numbers or GDP growth averages? Strange, I thought I'd brought that up... Trump saying covid is fake? Disproved that with evidence, check that off. Obama has the best job record? Fuck, that shit shouldn't even need evidence but I gave it anyways. Yeah, I'd say you're done too.
Out of curiosity (translation: I'm retarded), how do you all manage to stay so up to date on the stock you own?

I own PLTR but get better updates here than anywhere else!
[deleted]
The catch is that dividends are irrelevant. The value of the company goes down the amount it’s paying out in dividends.  Unless there’s a tax benefit to dividends in your country, they don’t make any logical sense compared to selling some stocks every month, q or year.
I have $120,000 coming to me on Tuesday 

Where should I invest all $120,000? 

Please guide me to the promised land of tendies and honey mustard
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow. Beer and coke. And many squares
I lost 1k and now have to eat ramen for a few weeks
I would if they hadn’t borrowed such an incredible amount of money last year. They are leveraged to the tits. I’m gonna need to see a balance in financials before I get in bed with them.
No joke it will be within the next 10 trading days.
[removed]
[deleted]
If you have not seen it you should also watch Raging Bull while you are down that lane.
Still rather be a trillionaire than broke.
I’m sure mom will appreciate it - you done good kiddo
Why do you hate money?
[deleted]
Whats a steel call?
They were simpler times
Exactly. People taking some TSLA profits are going roll over that money straight into NIO and ride this up to $1k all over again.
1/15
Yo what’s the deal with the NIO battery rental program?
yes, just a ticker change
idk schoastic modeling isn’t the easiest
DAMN NGA! Sorry... I had to.
Tickers WOOF...AFRM...RBLX

Does it really need to be asked which one WSB is buying?
I'm waiting patiently for his onlyfans
Hey there! I hate to break it to you, but it's actually spelled _mon**e**tize_. A good way to remember this is that "money" starts with "mone" as well. Just wanted to let you know. Have a good day!

----

^This ^action ^was ^performed ^automatically ^by ^a ^bot ^to ^raise ^awareness ^about ^the ^common ^misspelling ^of ^"monetize".
Super phaggy from what I’ve heard but maybe that’s just people salty cause they got kicked out
They have proven users internationally but not how they monetize them. I.e. the international RPU is a tenth of what it is in the US. That is a huge difference
I’m not talking about rendering companies.
Good call! Or... I guess put.
Remember when that guy drank his own piss in his moms basement?
[https://twitter.com/chamath/status/1347906104374644737](https://twitter.com/chamath/status/1347906104374644737)
Every time I do blow I want whiskey.... When I'm drinking whiskey I want blow. Shit goes together SO well, but the hangover is atrocious.
Yeah forreal it actually is riskier to not make gains
[deleted]
Right now for sure its bull market 2021, nothing's changed from now and 10 days ago. Powell said interest rates won't be raised till 2023 or 2024 and no reserve requirement for banks right now so that means there's fucking cheap capital everywhere with no reason for market to go down. Shit, is the Fed still buying Junk Bonds and other equities right now? 

&#x200B;

Damn straight bull market for now, especially with renewable energy being cheaper now than alternatives and Biden about to throw $2 trillion into that. You guys thought Powell was cranking the brrrrr machine....
In another comment he said it represented about 20% of his portfolio at the time. He also said that he has a software company that just had an IPO.

Gambling is a lot more fun when you know the loss won't affect you.
Wait, your wife TOO? Goddamn it.
They’re on massive sale.  Buy $50,000 more
Teach me your ways sempai
Okay, lowkey miss mangos rants. Where can i see what the dude is saying about all this?
What dividend are they giving? They are still well below their pre CoVid levels, but do you think there is a reason they have have not come back up like other companies
How did you find out about that one popping lol?
Hehe, this guy thinks owning the ticker NIO actually makes him own part of a Chinese company. Time to do a bit of research on what you are actually buying son. Hint, start with googling Caman Islands, holding companies, and Chinese entity ownership laws.
Stock Analysts
I have $120,000 coming to me on Tuesday 

Where should I invest all $120,000? 

Please guide me to the promised land
Acting.
I feel like Tesla will hit 1000 by February 1st.
I bought at $9 and paper hand sold at $6.12 😭
You right. But I just let my hamster run my account at night when I sleep. That nocturnal fucker is up all night
I feel old as fuck too. I'm up at 4am geeking and I feel like a mess
!remindme 4 months
yeah propulsion dev, hard but rewarding
So if I buy on opening monday am I autistic?
Got to r/Investing those fine chaps over there know how to get you 1-5% return every other year or so
Yikes where do you live that this isn't enough?
If you are looking for nice people you are on the wrong subreddit
Or The Gamestop Shortstop. It'll be Ryan and WSB personified as his autistic nephew that also loves baseball and somehow convinces RC by using baseball analogies to take a stake in GME.
Je ne peux pas utiliser la moins-value pour réduire mes impôts sur le revenu et si, après avoir payé les taxes sur mes gains tesla, je rachète, et ça baisse beaucoup encore, je n'ai pas de moyen d'utiliser cette perte pour réduire mes taxes ailleurs sauf si j'ai d'autres gains boursiers.
!remindme 6 months
gonna watch taxi driver
I got some real hot la eme shit, but I didn't do none last night\\this morning. Whenever I do it is a 2-3 day recovery affair now that I am OOOOOLD.
Is it real 1k range though or European rated 1k range which would be more like 500 in epa range? Either way pretty impressive if those are real numbers
Idk.  Retarded I gues
This!!! What ever I buy in Nio I'm buying 5x of BB
how many splits can tesla go through before it stops making me money. I think 5.
Lmao
My friend had 30 bcionz 10 years ago and used them to order drugs on the internet so he could make 50% gains. He’s still sad about that
Yea it’s riskier to not make gains. You can always go behind Wendy’s dumpster if you need a few bucks for bills.
Tesla is a referendum on Elon himself at this point. I prce in SpaceX in Tesla
imagine a WSB discord during market hours

EDIT: just checked the sidebar and it already is a thing, whats it like in there?
Why not put a 100k in your bank and just keep playing with the 130k?
Fuck professionals. I know all the possibilities. I just need autistic perspectives
I don’t know what kind of shithole Parler is, but this argument, which I agree with, starts to break down when they ban alternative (conservative) apps like that from everything. (Both iOS and Android have taken it down now and AWS refusing to host it.
Fr?
[deleted]
Lol it won’t be fun. Mainly fixing bug on existing architecture and levels and levels of tests and reviews b4 even the smallest line of flight code can be merged. But could be fun to some???
[deleted]
Addy
r/stocks 
r/investing
Those would probably be the best place to start besides YouTube
Well in WSB, the tendie coaster hops off YOU.
Download robinhood and buy the furthest out of the money option you can expiring this Friday. Preferably a TSLA 5$ put. If you need help navigating feel free to dm and I’d be happy to help
Multiple accounts. Spread it out in RH, Webull, Shwab,TD/ToS...haven't dipped into tasty trade yet.
Salut,

&#x200B;

Effectivement, je partirais sur un 50/50, garde la moitié et l'autre moitié tu prend la flat tax pour sortir.

Par contre tu dis plus bas que tu ne peux pas intégrer la moins-value, normalement on peux non ?
This is not a tax sub... Seriously, seek advice from respected professionals.
sad
There will be many more opportunities to earn fuck you money. Don’t give up 🤧
You tryna tongue punch my salad?
[deleted]
Porsche Taycan may be the most beautiful car ever made
[deleted]
Sold off? ARKG is an ETF, that shouldnt matter unless you mean people selling offf the individual stocks that ARKG has invested in
Thats what i dont like about  coins. I've kept only a small amount of my net in them because how tf do you sleep if that shit can crash overnight.
We live in a society
Maybe because it's 5am, but I'm feeling a kind of way that makes me super depressed seeing all these crazy gains from TSLA

Probably because I was in heavy on TSLA when it crashed a few years ago, but then sold out.

I think it's 40x since then. FML...would've been a literal millionaire and that shit gets me depressed
Honestly though I’m done arguing with you, you use no evidence in your arguments, you’re no better than that man child.
Oh yeah didnt think about it. You are right. Tho i bet there are loopholes around it for sure.
What the duck
Withdraw 500K and buy a house for your mum, and leave the rest
It’s overrated
You can always get quick and awful advice from us. No worries son
When you start mooning, she’ll moon you too begging for insert ;)
You seem like a nice person.
So calls on ICLN and EVs expiring Friday, got it.
Hold forever , brobaguette
Anyone else do too much coke tonight and now you can't sleep?
yes
Outside of the people’s control? Lol. “You don’t have to wear your mask, I’m sure not going to wear mine”. U.S. voters went to the polls starkly divided on how they see President Donald Trump’s response to the coronavirus pandemic. But in places where the virus is most rampant now, Trump enjoyed enormous support.

An Associated Press analysis reveals that in 376 counties with the highest number of new cases per capita, the overwhelming majority — 93% of those counties — went for Trump, a rate above other less severely hit areas.

Most were rural counties in Montana, the Dakotas, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa and Wisconsin — the kinds of areas that often have lower rates of adherence to social distancing, mask-wearing and other public health measures, and have been a focal point for much of the latest surge in cases. China has actually done better bouncing back than the US, FYI.
[deleted]
Nio going to to take an equity stake in Autonation in anticipation of a future expansion to the US. AN🚀🚀🚀
MrBull
Yup. They’re super mean over there 🥺
The kicker is that ppl are fanbois just because the stock is ripping. When it meets reality the TSLA smooth-brain fanboi convention will be very quickly evacuated. The only ppl left will be the guys holding the bag and bUyInG tHE diP.
Most retarded play I have ever seen and Iv seen a lot of them lol
[deleted]
whens the last time you been tested for aids?
Why not short shares?
What’s the right sub?
Starting to feel pretty good about emptying half my 6 month emergency fund to sell ATM ICLN CSPs. Feels better using that money to make money since there’s no risk
[deleted]
Resale value on par with any other car in its price range tbh.
r/ASX_Bets is that way dude
Why?
Sigh. Yes thats right. My point is you still got to pay tax on the gain whether or not the gift is taxable. The gift is not deductible from your income (unless its to a qualified charity). Your income remains the same and is still taxed even if you give it all away tax free
You missed my birthday again cuz
[removed]
One of us
It's had a lot of momentum recently and it almost got to 110 on Friday before getting sold off. I think it'll keep going up though and the ARK portfolios are known to make huge moves intraday.
I believe in ICLN but its a slow earner, im selling my calls for more MARA calls
I mean... the tards helped me start quitting smoking last week. Nothing WSB can't do... for real.
Bullshit. Europe has bounced back far better than the United States. We have taken a huge hit because of him and his anti mask rhetoric. Deaths and cases in counties that voted for him are sky high compared to blue counties. He has directly influenced death. Furthermore, if you would look at the charts and evidence I sent (I know you probably don’t have the ability to interpret evidence ) you would see that there are ZERO significant gains under the trump administration that aren’t uniform with the Obama administration, literally none. However there are significant loses.
Well to be clear I'm not stressed out about the whole thing, I'd be fine if the stock dropped 50%, I'm not looking for piece of mind but maximizing the chance that I make as much money as possible from this situation
GM secretly admires TSLA. 🚀🚀🚀

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/x3eaEK6
Shaft?
Well I don’t agree. Their product is damn good and easy to use. Drawback is they are super expensive
[removed]
The general consensus in fatFIRE is 15MM, post tax.
Thanks and fuck you too.
Fucking human resources. I hate departments that ride the coat tails of the talent.
I can guarantee any question you ask there. They’d say “not sure how you don’t know this but...” so I understand
The only good thing about trading C O I N S is that the market for those is open 24/7. But I still like my stonks better.
“I’m a big Tesla fanatic”
Damn dude
16
Fuck you. That‘s awesome and I really, really think someone who put so much risk into it (I mean 100k is a pretty decent amount) deserves it. I‘d sell most of it now.
I don’t think it’s equivalent! I think what happened is really fucking awful. I’m just not as confident that it wouldn’t have been similar or similarly bad. People here fucking HATE the other side now. I agree that the lack of protection was awful and insane and Trump should get fucked for whatever role he had in that part of it too.

I hope you are right, and I’m definitely considering that you may be. This shit is awful. I know I don’t know everything and at this point I’m just like “alright Joe, you’re up.”

I could give a fuck about being embarrassed on the world stage, we need to figure this out somehow though. I think a lot of people have lost respect for us globally anyway. America is toxic and ugly in a lot of ways. On some level Jan 6th felt like that ugliness personified. Conspiracy and partisanship and fucking bullshit is destroying us and I’m not sure what will help on a practical level.
Or if you like being poor.
[deleted]
PLTR DAY IS COMING CLOSER EVERYDAY 

JANUARY 26th WRITE IT DOWN
I don't think it will reverse no, since I'm not a 🌈🐻. I am merely pointing out the obvious flaws in the argument.

Op says it's basically guaranteed that amzn rockets to 5k based on the chart, and I say even crayon crew wouldn't read it that way
I'm not saying I'm smart but maybe sell and reinvest in medical and other hot spots. 

Edit: to say don't sell it all
What makes you say that?
Sell half, pay your taxes and have some peace of mind
Thanks and fuck you too.
maybe not if you’re retarded with your money
Tesla, the longer the base the bigger the🥬💸
I will enjoy all of the retards get wiped out and buying $ROPE calls.
So like when I ask about options here instead of r/options?
Let’s all pray for that to happen!
Lol man what a retard. Who wants premium quality goes for NIO instead as well as lifestyle user benefits. Tell that to the massive growing user base. Go study ;)
Already have a Model 3, that’s what made me buy the stock!  Thanks.
you would get PM of around 2-3M with your current cash value, never thought of selling puts and getting easy 20-30k per month ?
Fake news!!!
I love someone who connects the dots.  

What does that Italian guy have to do with Biden's trillion dollar stimulus plan?
wsb is literally my family no joke
Not worth it.
Don't bet against papa musk
TAN
Stonks always go up
I would invest in wsb

Edit: after further thinking, i would be short WSB
MSTR turned my $70 into $3,000 last week, pretty good pretty good. I doubled down for some reason so that I stand to lose more than I even gained ayyyyy
The question is which one will fall more.
It’s a thing now because people are fucking retarded: 

https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2021/jan/3/house-democrats-open-117th-congress-prayer-ending-/
most overpaid profession?
How the hell did you do this? What if you sale now?
Here’s the deal, people who are not buying calls hate money, period. -Uncle Joe Bithedipden
“I hate white ppl” starter pack
"just because they use tech doesn't make them tech companies": well that is the argument with Tesla isn't it?

They have not written revolutionary software and never will. They don't have the talent to do it.

I know you don't want to hear this, but it's reality. It does not care about your feelings and wishes and desires.

One way or another, you will have to learn this fact
Like affirm don't like the valuation
You do realize that was covid right? Like, 100%? Job number and GDP growth doing great until then? You know who's taken a bigger hit? Canada, Mexico, Germany, Italy, Spain, U.K, France, Japan. Do they all have garbage leaders that fucked up their economies because they're all in a worse boat than the U.S. Maybe, just maybe, something happened this year that was outside of people's control that caused pretty much the entire fucking world's economy to crash. If that were true, it would probably be a good idea to look at the years when something like that didn't happen.
[deleted]
Thanks and fuck you too.
PLUG is why i sold icln. I'm waiting for it to crash, drag the entire icln down, and then buy the dip.
Lmao get fucked, tesla rumoured to have model Y margins of 30%. 

they already had the highest margins In the car industry now they're godlike and going beyond.

25,000 car ontrack for 2022
[removed]
Thanks and fuck you too.
It's the fatass part that got me, too.
I do cash account... can do as I please.
Thanks and fuck you too.
There would not have been the 10% straight off the top penalty, but you still would have had pay taxes on the withdrawal. you'd have to pay it back to another pre tax account to not pay income on it.

If you pulled out let's say the maximum 100k, then you'd have 100k of income. The bonus was that you could split that income up for the next 3 years.

Yes, I would look into a back door Roth, of if you own a business or are self employed and the only employee, you can do your own SOLO Roth and I think you can put way more I think like $20k in there instead.

If you do own your own business, you could also do a regular IRA for yourself and I believe you can deposit something dumb like $57k into it. Google Mark Kohler + any of the following terms: Solo K, Backdoor IRA, or just pull up Mark Kohler on Youtube and scroll down his list of videos and you'll find something that will be helpful to you, guaranteed.
Stonk only 📈
Are you Dr. Patel?!!?
Thanks and fuck you too.  45. Software.
I did. fun time
Priced in
/r/tiktokthots
I'm a bot. All Gain/Loss/YOLO posts should include screenshots of positions. These posts are either small potatoes, spam, or big moves which don't show position details. Users are not banned and can repost with better screenshots.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/atomicflu75|[New here. Am I doing this right?](https://i.redd.it/p8cnxq1ihfa61.jpg)
/u/msmysty|[I just started investing when the market tanked last year. I put in 80k. I’ve made more gains in this account than the broker that manages my larger WF portfolio.](https://i.redd.it/gkfwxexhvfa61.jpg)
/u/jadeson123|[I am quite nervous after my Tesla shares nearly double to two million USD in two month . Should I take my 1 millions USD profit and buy something else ?](https://i.redd.it/dehblg08xfa61.jpg)
/u/RemarkableLogic64|[Little but Moneys Money🚀](https://i.redd.it/1oy2rt723ga61.png)
/u/Upstairs-Cricket-169|[First $1000 day!](https://i.redd.it/3i440ciyfga61.jpg)
/u/miata1991|[Don't know how to trade options. Just good ol swing trading. Thanks PLUG Thanks TSLA](https://www.reddit.com/gallery/kua1xe)
/u/RemarkableLogic64|[My first real trade small but Moneys money(Nio)](https://i.redd.it/ygg7kpsiqga61.png)
/u/MoeNancy|[When I know what is the option.](https://i.redd.it/uoq37gfjvga61.jpg)
/u/Azurius12|[I wish I invested more, with this awesome ROI](https://i.redd.it/27qsyo29zga61.jpg)
/u/michaelfortu|[It’s possible Rockstar Games might help shoot this stock to the moon with the upcoming GTA Online port and GTA VI. Am I over speculating?](https://www.reddit.com/gallery/kubq4p)
How many of y’all just skip the niche subreddit and ask your questions here instead
I’m in greater Seattle area and it’s 75 a person so 150 for us as married couple. Pretty much puts out any dual income family’s in our area.
Imagine Xi decides China needs a countrywide EV charging network. It’ll be done within a month.
In an interview Cathy said they have to keep the percentage fund of TSLA under a certain percent for some tax reason, its like 2AM so I can't remember exactly why. But that's it. They buy more if it goes down or if the percentage holding wouldn't be over a certain limit
Sorry gaymer 😘
Thanks and fuck you too.
RIOT/ MARA/EBON turned 20k into 30k last week no 🧢
nice
I responded in more detail earlier but basically I bought a Tesla and thought the company couldn’t fail with a car that good.  Decided to take a major shot.
“Like a soufflé under a sledgehammer”

Merci bonsoir
God the tendies I will eat if that happens...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have $32,000 worth of PLTR at cost basis of $24.  It’s stuck n a $24/26 channel it seems

What might break it out and above $26-27?
I actually had this position back in 2018 and 2019 but got out after the funding secured fiasco...it hurts double when you had it and finessed your way out of it.
Don’t forget another 🚀 $ACES 🚀
My bad, I needed to re-read the post
If you had 5.125 inch lifted deisel truck you could have both after she sees you role cole on a prios haha
You sound like an attractive man.
There will not be a market pullback until $2k stimmy is passed. Amen! 😇🙏
A high up guy involved in election fraud turned himself in along with evidence. People are being arrested and shit is gonna hit the fan.
NOOOOO! I had to go poop! I promise to keep typing!
Roughy country lift? That’s all I needed to know...
In your opinion, what’s the fastest way to turn 20k into 25k? Desperate to ditch this 3 day trade/week bs so I can have some real fun. Phuq getting marked as a PDT
Stonk go up. Are you retadde
i bought whatever the microcenter guy told me
Did you end up holding?
Bears jerk off to that one guy that made millions off SPY puts back in March. Despite trying to deny that’ll never happen again in the next 10-15 years minimum.
Man, that is about the time I got some money. I  put it in B of A at .5% interest. There were higher rates but I trust B of A so I've made about a grand in interest. Yee haw.
I think it’s a good play. I’ve been building up my shares since end of 2019
Thanks and fuck you too.
I thought it was a 75K cap no? Regardless they need to consider the location of the individual. 75K in rural Illinois you’ll live like a king. In Seattle or Cali thats enough just to keep you afloat
Small dick energy. 

Loser energy

Compensating energy

Fucking inbred fuck energy

Your race will be eliminated from the gene pool energy


NIO 65c 

Ford 1$ max 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
LOL dude got a chuckle out of me, thanks
... kinda reminds me of an IRL Pam Poovey (who... if was IRL I would want to bang like crazy).
What do you mean with it’s a stonk?
LEAPs I hope? The run on the bank when the PE ratio craters to double digits is going to be epic.
Sorry bro, I'm just in a mood.  I actually agree with the point you made, but also kind of understand why they are compared.  Have a good night, and don't let the lurking jerks screw with your vibe.
Wife offered me first time anal if I stopped gambling all our money away on options and I told her no way.
wtf newegg is owned by gyna
Stfu Elon go to bed
Chinas gonna eat it up
Absolutely, I sure as shit wouldn't link a livestream if I thought I would present a shit show.
They made a politics thread for a reason. No one cares bro
More accurate than the best fund manager out there
Why not just cash out and invest it all in different dividend stocks and government bonds? You know, be sensible and not stupid with lots of money?
Vega ain't high enough for me, I'm just doing debit call spreads for more now
[deleted]
Waah I'll cry for you bitch
Thanks and fuck you too.
Thanks and fuck you too.
Last March is unprecedented. Stocks lost so much value off fear, not financials. Even my senile great uncle made %50 this year buying in mid March. I have a feeling 2021 is gonna be a little harder.

You do you but I ain’t quitting a job with 10 months of trading under my belt on what could be considered one of the easiest money making opportunities we may see for a long while
[deleted]
Lol you’re not wrong.
Tesla has poor build quality and it’s resale value sucks ass...
Little Ford flag waving gas guzzling trumpy mad huh


NIO 65c
Say no more
[removed]
I mean pre-teen credit fraud is a very strong business model but yeah 30B is super wack
I have 100% similar thoughts. I wanna come back and see if we were right.

!remindme January 11
NIO
Was in contact with the broker Lynx. I think they are a subsidiary of IB in Belgium. They said they couldn’t open an account because of the whole Brexit situation...

Just wanna get my tendies man... :’(
[removed]
This is the week ARKG hits 115 fosho
Can I take your order sir
My asus Zenbook has that lmao. And it is by no means a gaming laptop
He was talking about writing the call
Wow, I’m hurt... and feel attacked. But mostly... hurt!
Interactive brokers pal
True they aren’t gonna be the ones in these Mars cities, you pioneer you.
You then, either roll the short call to next week at a higher strike and collect more premium.

Or you close both calls for max profit.
1) It's a stonk.

2) EV hype.
No way bro lol. Something called style. Do you think a brand new KIA looks better than a ten year old Mercedes just because it has the latest design language?
Ban
Dont
What I was thinking too. Thanks a lot!
As of March last year. Up 140 percent on average. It al seems so easy.
Don’t forget the tax man
🤡
What is happening in Italy that makes you think No stimmy for muricans?
Look up "How to buy weekly call options" then spend all your money on that.
Thats fair...until you start talking about another day of drinking with no sleep.
Dems are friends with anything that makes money, behind the scene.
Doing good over here, bud
TSLA just sunk in Indonesia
hey its me ur brother
Bath salts
Good old SPY
Did you not do your DD?
TSLA serves over 40 countries...
ok small dick
What are your price targets? And when?
Wrong sub.
[removed]
Double
I've gotten shit done with twitter but not phone and email. I don't know why though. But yeah in terms of 🥭, people are getting tired of hearing him and want things to return to somewhat normal, so he has already loosing steam in that regard. I think he was overvalued and used up which is why they did the "brave" thing to drop him now.
Is SOXL gonna be up tomorrow? Lol I’m fucked if so I’m tits deep in puts I should’ve sold Friday EOD
😉
Making risky plays on the stock market, mostly involving options.
Good enough to sell?
I'm not Belgian, but I use interactive brokers for that. Not sure if available for you, but it does the job.
This thread is always better during the bull times. We’re all celebrating and enjoying life and wishing for prosperity. Red days all the buzz killingtons come out screeching about rugs and jerking eachother off to their now -97% portfolio

Idk how long the euphoria can last.. but think about the bears dating back to 2011 and how much fkn money they missed out on
Fucking retard werewolf?
Tough time sleeping. Might go take my F350 (5 inch rough country lift, deleted deisel) out for a night drive and see if I can’t role coal on some prius haha. So funny to me that Prius drivers think EVs are better for the environment than a 35 mpg deisel truck
Mixed amphetamine salts
Absolutely agree on victim mentality people - jealous and bitter and usually not willing to put the effort to change their life, just blaming it on politicians/ the system/ anything except themselves
Yeah nothing says quality like something made in China
Yes. Happy to own EUR instead of USD 🙄📉
I‘m up between 500-1000% on my SCHN calls and I really liked their earnings call, but I have to agree, the volume on both the options and their stock is shit. Could also make it a somewhat hidden gem, I guess.
Solid DD, yoloing on 1200c 1/15.
😂
Wowzers. Here I am hyped that I made $100 🥳
Jerome likes this attitude.
China stonk > amerikkka stonk


NIO to the moon 

Ford go die like your fans and supporters
Pls guys explain why NIO will go up in 2021. 
u all hope For the next tsla? Or is NIO something incomparable?
He probably owns tons of shares , almost every video features him buying out a gamestop.
Fredo?
Oh I’m sorry... does that mean I can stop going to work?  Stop working on my house?  Stop studying my school work?  Pandemic hasn’t stopped a single thing for me.  So please, tell me more about how easy life should be and how much free time I should have because “it’s a pandemic”.
If it does I’ll be a millionaire
Gonna load up on more shares and calls when I can
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol fuck off
Awe wee. Little trumpeeeee sad 😢. Let me play my tiny violin while my gyna stonk go uppppp. Fuck Amerikkka Rome is falling and I’m profiting baby. Hahahahhaa you Milkies will rot
homie got a dump truck for a ass.
Sweet! My 2k check will get me a burger and some fries
[deleted]
If the call you sold was exercised your leap would cover your short obligation. You'd profit the difference between the strikes. So you'd make $ 2500 +/- the cost of the trade
[deleted]
Arkk? It’s the ark innovation etf right?
The only necessity there is, is for us to gain from them, nothing else. I don’t care if Elon is selling used condom, I’ll bet my left lung and get my moneys in the process. Stop being a retard and follow the way of the autist.
I got some, too dumb for next step...please elaborate  or find silence.

Don't foget to downvote
The greed seems strong with this one. In Feb'20 it was valued at $4B. In Oct they wanted to IPO at $8B. Then now they almost quadruples their valuation within 3 months...blergh
Guess who sold right before Close? Yeah right imma head out
I would pay money to work for SpaceX
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s gonna go straight up forever. Quit your job and yolo calls every day.
Same here, im definitely doubling my stake on tsla by weekend
Only way you can "hate" Lord of the Rings is if you just want disagree to feel special. The quality and attention to detail in those moves is exceptional and we will be lucky to experience something similar in our lifetime.
Ban.
How do I get into stock? I’ve always been interested but have no idea where to start, any advice?
Yes
Awww little 🥭 lover getting butt hurt. Can’t wait till Biden takes a shit on you
I think I’ve heard this since June and it gets funnier everytime
Bro you’re on the fucking internet. You literally can learn this
Can NIO climb as high as TSLA?
i realize my gaming pc i built last year is a piece of shit

Im using a GTX 1050
Go watch the video that shows history of Amazon. Their stock was mooning and way overvalued when Amazon was NOT profitable. TSLA is in the same shoes. Overvalued, but their stock keeps mooning because investors know how the future looks in the hands of TSLA
This
Any good tik tok channels?
Don’t listen to these weak minded losers. It’ll be 10 million in 5 years. You have it right
I’m breaking out my OG lifted truck bit lol
Amen, if it wasn’t for spacman army of social media pumpers, this ridiculous experiment that is psth would be seen for what it is, a scammy way for a billionaire to get richer on the back of gullible retail.
Am I the only one who thought Jillian Bell was hot af in Workaholics?
She has no choice. It can't exceed 10% of the fund, and every time it rockets up they need to sell off some
Buy high!
Do you make minimum wage
Best DD all night.
You're not factoring the capital gains tax into that. OP isn't going to walk away with 2.6 mil. They're going to pay nearly 40% in tax. So a little more than 60k a year. Which is great, for doing nothing all day, don't get me wrong. But making 60k a year does not get you a "rich" lifestyle. 

And that's before worrying about things like buying a home, which will take a decent chunk out of OP's principal.
We’re in the middle of a pandemic loser stop making excuses
Yeah definitely, people see the stick market as a get Rich quick endeavor.
I recently got burned by following this falling wedge haha. See $JKS. Textbook of textbook. I was quite happy with myself for spotting this pattern lol then I happily bought as I thought it was breaking the wedge. It's now down about 10% 😪

https://imgbb.com/w7LDXv2
Three minutes without a new comment? 

Top is in. Bears take Monday.
That’s why there’s a 150k income cap on it, I’m like the only one in my neighborhood who’s getting it
Dude get out of here with politics.... Straight up don't ruin my wall st. bets.
I can't read but I can count. I see 18 green squares and pfft 3 red ones. That's less red than my account recently and as good as 🚀🚀🚀 imo. 💎🖐️
...lol
[deleted]
Water based or silicone?
I put in one months salary from my savings at the start of December and am currently 3% down. So either I am truly shit, or you are experiencing a golden streak.
and the "well on its way" to be worthless US Dollar.
Just buy NIO dude
Dude you work at Wendy’s
ICLN now or never
moscow mitch actually into gynese puss
Thanks and fuck you too.
KPop stans have been sighted in the chat

Issuing an executive shoot on sight order
you are going to beat 95% of the people here by just passively investing, and since you're young buy tech too. If you start now those gains will start compounding and you'll be far wealthier than most people your age 10 years from now. That's assuming you get a college degree and a decent job. A high paying job is far more important that fucking around in the market, which is why the OP of this post can generously donate 60k to mr. market. Well in his case it sounds like it's his wife that's making the money lmao.
Kinda bummed about roblox tbh. Was looking at it as a nice meme theta play
Anything
[deleted]
My guy, find rope
So glad I got those loans out Saturday, cash advancing all credit cards 🥲
😂
I didn't see any rumours of an NVDA partnership prior to the weekend?
Elaborate, I don’t live in Itaily
[removed]
GO TO SLEEP
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/chuckjones/2020/02/17/obamas-2009-recovery-act-kicked-off-over-10-years-of-economic-growth/amp/ I mean come on, it’s not hard. I’ve now realized you’re either a troll or just plain stupid, so I’m done with this conversation. Imagine thinking Trump didn’t Fuck up the economy, when unemployment is at an all time high, small businesses have closed in droves to never open again, and people are losing their homes left and right, you must have a trump fetish or something
You choose to be poor hahahahhahahha. And I buy NIO calls retard
[removed]
Thanks, and fuck you too.
Lol so should watching porn mao zedong
[deleted]
Rather be sucking rando's dicks behind Wendy's for 5 dolla than sucking Elon's dick for 2 years straight. At least I get to choose
That’s the kinda shit I love to hear. I have a fun habit of buying too early and again selling too early
What’s there bad to be said. The only shit talkers are the ones who haven’t made $ on it. Understandable tho, y’all missed out on a load of $
I love when people on this sub talk about inflation.
Nio
fuckyou
What
If you want to own the shares then you can use ANZ/Commonwealth etc., though the fees are much higher and often a minimum $500 per order (not including brokerage). Otherwise try out interactive brokers. Check out score media (s-c-r) while you're at it, that's my biggest play atm.
You won't make it very far without amphetamines. Just go to sleep.
Does tesla? Lol
[deleted]
[removed]
Dude we’re in the bull of all bulls right now
[deleted]
Unrealistic bull market. Don’t quit your job unless you make life changing money and can use that to fund better investments. Or if you can day trade with a good profit after 1 year and still decide you like it
😂😂😂😂
Gonna buy 1 woof share just for the cute ass name
Mcdolnalds, you bow to no one.
The amount of people here that think NIO is going to moon have me bearish on it, and the amount of people here that think TSLA is a bubble have me bullish on it. LFG.
Buy Palantir
I stopped caring about Tesla share price about two years ago. 
I do drive a Mercedes though instead of a Tesla and am excited to upgrade to the EV S-Class.
How long have you been trading for? The first one’s free. All of our charts look like the mountain climber game from the price is right
Teach me your ways Obiwan
This has been a thing for a while, but not even half of American adults use Twitter, and if some company made the only way for support to be on Twitter, it would be a dog shit business decision.
Lol
This is an extremely volatile stock right now, and if this is life-changing money I don't think anyone can fault you for selling the lion's share of that position Monday morning by 10:30am. It's early January. You have a lot of time to figure out how to use the money between now, and tax day 2022. I can't tell you what fraction to hold onto. Unrealized gains are no gains at all, though.
I’m on thcb
Seriously fuck you
Unemployment was at an all time high in April 😂 Jesus Christ man
Go to r/investing
Fuck Uncle Sam and pay me!
!RemindMe in 4 days
You just cured your own autism.
I made three month salaries in 2 days. Is it so easy or is it this unrealistic bull market? Makes me question if I should continue work full time
He did fuck up the economy LOL have you been under a rock this past year?
[removed]
Europe is home of the Bidet. So in fact our asses are quite clean.
[deleted]
Ah, man. Tough call. I’d see what it does through Tuesday. If it’s not hitting, I’d salvage what you got. That’s me though
Do you guys think my Alphabet shares are safe with all this antitrust action going on? Please no go to r/investing comments.  I need some autist perspectives seeing as that's how the market runs now.
Here's the evidence I see. You say Trump said covid is fake. That's not true. You say Obama "holds the record" (as if that's a thing) for job growth. That's not true, percentage or overall. You say Trump fucked up the economy but now when presented with evidence otherwise you just say he inherited a good one? Funny, when I hear that someone fucked up a nations economy I would expect unemployment to go up and GDP to go down..
So what you’re saying is that I, a Tesla bear, *may* have a reason to celebrate?
Nobodys sure of anything, could be 50 on monday or 70
The act became illegal, since it is a pump. He had to stop.
Thanks and fuck you too.
Petco
This strategy is commonplace among retards
Perfection!
I have a 45c and let’s say NIO moons to 65 Monday. I sell a call for 70 for 1/15. But the NIO is above 70 by 1/15. I don’t have any underlying shares so would my 45c just disappear? Or would I have to cover the shares from my account?
No this was when TSLA was $420 USD a share (pre-split) and I was looking at the TSLAQ crap unfolding. I feel that we are well beyond this point.
[removed]
JELQER SKELTER
1/15 30 c's bought before the election have netted me 252% so far. Holding 1/10 to exercise, sold the rest Friday AM
https://imgur.com/gallery/62Hg4cE

Uploaded it just for you suga
[deleted]
Right now!
Exactly. Yolo ur student loans
Grimey as she likes to be called
So I smell like bat soup?

I'm literally inKuwait.
10/10 would smash
I’m just meming. German big corporate culture be full of boomers and innovation processes often feel forced, more like a chore than anything else
I'll see you there!
Parlour.

Ban.
Meme ticker alert: PetCo (ticker WOOF) to IPO next Thursday at \~$4B valuation

Affirm (AFRM) will IPO on Wednesday at \~$9B valuation.

Roblox (RBLX) is getting greedy and seeking to direct list at \~$30B valuation in Feb.

Which one are y'all buying?
Yes, she does. She always sell to keep her position at 10%.

She's still a bull.
Lol yikes. Can’t wait to short it out intensely 🤘🏽🤘🏽🤘🏽
Ello Gov!
Link?
"I found em boys, help me, grab the pitchforks, grab your cousins, let's burn em cause I dun say stupid shit and can't be challenged all by me lonesome"

Cool it pal, I'm blond, so we're good😉.
[deleted]
Monday
Anyone see that meme of Mitch McConnell smiling and it says “Mitch joyously watching Little Foot’s mother die in the Land Before Time”

Shit had me rollin
What strikes?
Fantastic execution of classic fantasy.
[deleted]
VALE to the fucking PLUTO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I continue to disappoint myself lol. Let's go with that NAZI ticker.
Have you seen the electric S-Class from Mercedes? 100 times nicer than the model S, same price, better car.
[deleted]
Fcel
Split into what, AmaBook, FaceApp, GooZon, and Giggle?
SPY?
Also Degironarate checking in. Are you Belgian? I’m stil looking for a platform to trade nyse/nasdaq options grom belgium. Thinking about Bolero...
Going long on this one
[deleted]
That's another company you boring moron.
Hahahhahahah make go moon
I don't get it. Can you take a loan against a house that bought with a loan against your socks?
Just buy the cheapest one (which is under $200), they all print.
GUH
[deleted]
I have kids and shit now, but now you have me thinking
[deleted]
If you’re poor
Tesla better get on their book selling game then
Calls on lube
That means u would wait for a small dump?
Well was he right?
Ok so dump all assets in crupto
Can still buy stonks and options with it!
When Biden drops the stim what calls do I use it on?
Thanks and fuck you too.
Username checks out
Same bro deadass lol
I didnt know Darth Vader had chickens
Leave fidelity,  theyre trading against you and robbing from you.
There is a 11 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 2 months on [**2021-03-09 21:48:28 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-03-09%2021:48:28%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktzb48/case_for_twtr_puts/gip3zdz/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fktzb48%2Fcase_for_twtr_puts%2Fgip3zdz%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-03-09%2021%3A48%3A28%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ktzb48)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Mcdolnalds
Our sleep schedule fucked dude, my gf been sleep next to me for like 5 hours as I fuck with this thread.
Well Tesla is hardly a car manufacturing company.
bingo!
January 2021 and you were right. It will get to 60 tomorrow (Monday after NIO day).
I'm setting up a reminder right now to contact you two expert retards on the first day of 2022, provided none of you rode a meme stock to the moon yet.
Yeah you needed to buy in like November. Spreads are doing okay for me right now but the chain is fucked. At one point this week a 35c was selling for the same as a 31c
Fuck my ass thats mental.
The hobbit is better
Why did people hear 2 separate explosions?
Puts on your friends
NIO took them all
New flat earthers

NIO 65 c
I said the exact same thing, I remember cops were not only letting us climb up the poles and on top of police cruisers I saw one take a picture for the guys on his cruiser
All my friends hate the Lord of the Rings. I’ve honestly always enjoyed it, what do you guys think of it?
Grindr
dudes bipcoin mining should  be illegal

waste of fucking electricity
It’s a🚀 company
Gifts are not taxable below some amount.
Special needs guy here too, the volume is dog shit or something about a Greek salad or something and a Delta 

Shares it is, can’t go tits up. I wanted to do this with TAN back in September and pussied out, I’m not missing another renewable etf
Yeah why tf are we still up fr lol this is real Chinatown hours
No, they'll have a few meetings about it first and then maybe hire a "design thinking" specialist to make a nice PowerPoint.

Then, they'll go back to sleep.
NIO mooning I can’t wait till Monday I’m going fucking crazyyyyy
Fuck any other country besides merica
KILL HIM WITH FIRE!
I see
Lol... I was expecting something a little more comical... referencing a certain European political party from almost a hundred years ago.
Dirty ass europoor
jesus, congratz and fuck you
So I have a NIO leap rn what happens if I sell a call through the leap and then NIO moons even more going through my strike price(on the sold call) my shares can’t be called away from the leap right? Then what happens?
Is that a dropbear behind you?
it is absolutely insane how many people miss this. full of retards for sure
Good point.  So we should compare Amazon to Amazon, and Tesla to Tesla because they are the same fucking thing?  I'd like to compare our definitions of compare, cause me so confused.
That's how I feel about ROBO.  Haven't made any insane gains but it's been strong and steady
Or they will start buying the dip and drive the price back.
Last week
Zimbabwe inflation, here we come.
Well not that stupid as i gained that week. but go off king
You legit can’t talk bad about Tesla without the simps getting mad
yeah ok but the gains are still taxable to whoever earned them regardless of taxability of the gifts
I enjoy the memes here a lot but the DD has gotten progressively worse... Its literally just GME, PLTR spam now or its DD after a big run up just happened.
I don’t get why everyone is making a big deal about a little coup at the Capitol... first of all fuck the Capitals, second of all they haven’t seen REAL anarchy until they catch the city of brotherly love the night of winning a championship
Never bet against elun the saviour. At least stick to the cultist-speak
I’m probably retarded, but I haven’t had ICLN options net me more than 30% max. And only after this last week. Meanwhile my stock is up the same
Well one of two things happens to people who join and actually have the funds to play, you get stupidly rich or you lose everything completely there is no in between
You good bro?
It was probably my dad
Lmaooo okay dude, it’s gonna moon guaranteed
[deleted]
none of that is deductible. all you did was require gift tax returns to be filed.
Cant go tits up
Sometimes, even 4x stocks keep going up.  6, 10, 15x sometimes.  And sometimes, 4x is where the gravy train ends.  Or 6 maybe.
Bro you‘re retarded and the funniest part  is that you meant it serious 

Tesla🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀Nio🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Everybody eats
Lol
Yes do it
ok but that doesnt matter at all since none of it is deductible unless you donate to a 501(c)(3) or other eligible charitable organization. whoever made the money has to pay tax even if you give it all away to whoever
How many of y’all are Europe folk? (4:30 AM here)
Lmfaoo. Philly is something else. When my buddy was playing for a hockey team out there I visited him and we went into the city to have dinner. I go to park and some dude steps out from behind a truck with no shirt, hundreds sticking out of his waistband and just shakes his head no. This was right outside a nice Italian restaurant. lol.
No dump in at market open
We sold our soul for a super bowl. No worries though it’s hockey season 🤙🏻
If by other competing companies you mean companies like the big german car manufacturers, then hell yeah. Nobody has even told them about the internet yet.
Appreciate the feedback, I still think it’s unlikely to go down 90%, but I understand your position. I could achieve what your recommending by selling covered calls at a strike price I can live with selling, and by setting a stop loss.  I think that’s the way I will go.
Do you like Phil Collins? 😅
Was about to say, Puts on this guys lungs 😂
Hahah yourmoney gets actually promoted by the Kantonalbank.
Can I ask a question? Why is everyone so hot on options? From what I read is a option (time limited bet) just luck related.
Sorry, pretty new to this..
You can use 3k against income, no cap against capital gains
It would only make sense that I make money on something I didn’t mean to buy since I lose money on the things I intentionally buy.
Just eat your Tim tams and vegemites peasant
So your saying it’s amazons cracked out cousin?
2nd split would turn it into a pennystock in no time.


Imagine a 1:500 split. 

And then back again to 100$/ share
I got 12 of em mining lmao
Shut up poor
They were way otm a couple days ago.
Sir, this is a casino.
Ur salty
[deleted]
Yes, a lot of cutting😏.  No other way explain the bleeding...
When will BA stop crashing planes?
I mean E60 M5’s sound glorious, that V10 mmmm. I’m surprised it’s running though.
America today is two americas - the poor who got laid off due to the pandemic and are driving Uber/loading in Amazon warehouses, and the rich fatasses working from home and ordering on doordash. Any stimulus money that reaches the second group will only lead to a meaningless pump in an already over-inflated stock market. As a member of the second group, I think they should send the money only to people who really need it.
Companies are using twitter for customer support because it works really well, just look at [t-mobile twitter support](https://twitter.com/TMobileHelp?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor). yes is a thing.
The first well-publicized GaaS vendor?
Mods need to ban TSLA gain porn, shits getting annoying. Either that or make people post loss porn when this shit pops.
We are at +8 now trumptard
We are the real jelqing enthusiast sub
I came hard
Might... a lot of people think that they have some right to access. Where they get that idea I can't fathom but that is neither here nor there.
Daily volume is kind of insane as well
[removed]
Yes
What a retard. Then what is the point of trading stocks if you're never going to take any profits
Nothing says great entry like a 15% 3 day run up on a 90b cap company
If u vote for mango you are poor
The chicken went to the left a little bit to indicate that TSLA will Dip so then it’s a good idea to buy the dip because it’ll zoom into outer space
I live in Australia and I wanna gamble my money like u guys. What app could I use since I can’t access robinhood here
You belong here.
think pope got arrested. yuup
ICLNs options chain is garbage I’m buying shares like a boomer
The odds that there’s a pregnant woman in north philly smoking a new port while wrestling a hot dog away from a Rottweiler chained to a cinder block as her baby daddy tries to find an Uber to the methodone clinic in Chichester, are low odds but never zero.
Ahhh, thank god for loss porn. I was tired of seeing all these retards flaunting their Tesla gains like they owned the joint.
Thanks, and fuck you too.
I hope Trump makes twitter sell itself to oracle
Man risk management culture is retarded
Last week
PRLR
Only if you hate money
Gave me a 100% raise on my monthly chart so yea I’m all about the richest man in the world pissing all over me if he wants. 👌💦
At this point even if you buy leap puts the stock pretty much has to crash within a few months for it to work in your favor.

Looking at the options chain you can't even buy a  $200 put and have it pay out at all at expiry bc it's so fuckin expensive
Thanks, and fuck you too.
Sorry it's too late
I am going to enjoy the Teslocalypse! 

🍺🍿   🛐📉🚘⚡
[deleted]
[removed]
That seems too good/easy to be true.
My 2nd best trade was accidentally buying 17k worth of options when I meant to buy shares.
Well who died
Gamble.
Hope you read this: Sell some LONG Term like 1 or 2 years Calls for TSLA ITM that will be around a Price you are very comfortable with buying again like 300$ for example. Pay attention to the spread !

This is the professional way to do - also allows for planning of your taxes ! (depending on the place you live)
And I could’ve won the lottery if I had just played the winning numbers. You made a bunch, congrats!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Real talk. Is it to late to go all in on Nio ?
Tomorrow stock will fall. Sell the news
Doesn’t she always keep 10% TSLA?
Jerk each other off nothing crazy tho
Around 8:30-9.
Leave while you still can
Explain.
Not really for me and where I live, but it’s still significant and worth maximizing.
They’re just lil guys with their semichubs
Then You probably a chick...u should look like Johnny bravo bruh
GE
BAC
LI
DAL
CSCO
KO
AZN
DKNG
SNAP
PLUG
NIO
MU
AMD
XPEV
SQ
Who wants me to buy Tesla calls? I can crash or pump any stock. 

I literally can’t win, so I should bring Tesla down myself by buying calls at a PE of 1700 since I’m not allowed to make money and puts don’t work. 🤡
I meant about the negativity
At the time it was the farthest out of the money option available. I knew it was a know brainer but got FUD thinking gold corn wouldn’t moon until later
What options did you get?
[deleted]
I hear about this sub a lot but what do you guys do here?
For context $400b is half of Tesla btw, I know its hard to put things into perspective for us retards
Now if you believe Micheal Burry (he is short TSLA).  

Keep hanging on if you believe FOMO will continue to push this higher.
taiwan semichub manufacturing MARK MY WORDS
Big if true
It's kinda odd that some people reported 2 explosions and I found this article published 3 days ago .

https://www.benarnews.org/english/news/indonesian/papua-aircraft-attacked-01072021144948.html 

might not get connected but hopefully they look into if there was a bomb or something. Idk how reliable that site is. I found it just random google searches.
Care to elaborate?
Grat
Holee fuk when do you go to bed gramps, 5:30?
He was good for calling the top of the market
I definitely like money, even love it at times!
Fuck you, you lucky bastard
You’re about to see a whole lot of cooperation from the GOP after the shit they put us through the last four years. Mark my words.
Gonna be alotttt of crashes Tesla’s pulling this whole train right now
lol twitter is being used as a ticketing system now, so good luck with that.
Tbf the scams are pretty obvious. Most of the more realistically priced products are pretty decent. Source: my dad orders a lot from wish and hes very happy about the stuff he gets
It would be useless because no one would hold anything for more than a year then. Also I hope this is sarcasm.
“ Japan: Overloaded hospitals: 'Medical care system is already in a state of collapse'

Bullish for Nikkei. 

But really though, the spike there just started, and they have 228 million people. 🤔🤔 About to get real ugly in Japan.
Laughed too hard at this I need to sleep
Lol the dow would fall 75 percent overnight.
You don't see the irony of "It would have to sell every book being sold in the world today." here?

Tesla energy will generate more revenue than Tesla automotive in 2030. Elon haven't stated that 2030 timeline, but he's said many times energy will be bigger than automotive long term.
Oh yeah, absolutely. I think it will go sideways a while, but the pull back won't hit 600, or even get close to it is my bet.
[deleted]
Nah that's cool. Im not a complete simp like yourself.

I don't lay awake at night thinking of Musk inside me as so many on this sub do
Wjat?
I've been balls deep since Vitos first post but tomorrow in going to add some MT 3/19 35c. 🚀
If you hate money maybe
Everyone here will be fine

Boomertax ™️
Countries are literally banning the sale of fossil fuel powered cars in the near future.

It's all about EVs now baby.
5% at most Monday. Then 900 Wednesday.
8 months ago
Normal wake up is 3AM. Got up at 2:30 today.

Yes - I am an old fuck.
yo what is with the graphics card shortage???  NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3070
Moved to my last house around winter and transferred my YMCA membership. 

Worked out there because it was free for me. 
Summer comes around and I oil myself up to hit there outdoor pool. 

Dive in. 

Lifeguard starts blowing her whistle and yelling. 
**AT ME.**

Tells me I have to take a “swim test.”

“A what? You kidding?”

LG: “No. Swim a lap and you get a wristband that says you can swim.”

“Who died?”

LG: 😐

This proceeded to happen half the Summer till I met all the fucking lifeguards. 

Just woke up to piss and I’m thinking about this. 

Going back to bed. 

**SPY $500**🦅🇺🇸
SORRY, I SAID I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH OF A RETURN YOU CAN GET IN TWO WEEKS.
[deleted]
Trump made the news networks a fuck ton of money and drove tons of traffic on Twitter. What are all the hardcore lefties going to cry about now? They won’t be able to open Twitter to see trumps latest tweet to get enraged.
Everything you say is correct. I'm not selling though, you got to bear some pain to rake in the gains.
My best trade ever is really about to be accidentally ordering 775 shares of CLOV instead of the 75 I meant to buy. I suck at this.
Live up to your name. 🤦‍♂️
Fuck you! I made like 1000% tsla gainz.  🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

If it drops 100% i am still 900% up in gainz!!!1!1!1!111!1!1!!!oneoneleven
All hail du holy papa elun the saviour!
I disagree. Why does it matter? You can iether hold stocks or money, or lego building blocks. They’re all interchangeable. Your distinction between real and unreal is completarbitrary.
Have fun bag holding shares for years then I guess?
Low life and no friends. Thanks for noticing
Tried, couldn't figure out his userface.
[deleted]
What do y’all think of fcel this upcoming week
Tech gonna cause the next civil war.
Yeah lots of r/all trying to talk about where to stick their spare $250 rn
F
[deleted]
Classic
Nothing, I’m just joking. 99% of screen grabs are from Robinhood around here
Whadda you think that ticker oughtta be?
We will be waiting in Valhalla for you
Can we capitalize on the Vatican going dark?
Lol that’s literally the only thing you can say about him?

Well I suppose I understand your stance then. 

Here’s your homework:

Read up on Elon Musk.
[deleted]
for real, if you have enough money to be comfortable, why would you jeopardize losing that?

unless you have to repay some mob boss 4 million, get out when you reached your goal.
[deleted]
Is there any reason not to buy nio right now?
As an actual conservative I can tell you this, those idiots don’t know how to short a stock
[deleted]
Lol that was the first thing i thought because i knew he's posted on here before
Deleted my account and I'm not even a hardcore. I just find Trump funny.
The Tesla crash is gonna be so epic
[removed]
if im still trading after 20 years im doing something wrong
if tsla doesnt significantly drop at monday ill buy weekly calls. if that works ill afterwards will go in nut deep into puts ranging from 2 weeks till end of year. and from 650 to 100 usd.
[removed]
Confucius say any green rerated carr wirr make portforio green as werr
Premarket:$67   Morning dip:$64   Close:$ 72
2021

Rule #1:Don’t be a boomer.

Rule #2:Make money.
Not gonna happen. You hear about all the stuff going on in Italy right now? Unfortunately,  I don't think another round of stimmy is in the cards.
Did you even read point 3, that's exactly his point.
So if I take out 10k in student loans and then wait to see if Biden wipes out the debt, and then have a free 10k?
🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸$TSLA🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸
[deleted]
That’s a good point actually, I thought for a second there might be some valuation based on their assets but I looked them up and they’re 240k 😂
When did you buy your weeklies?
[removed]
Well when you’re on here at your 4am do you appreciate posts like this:

NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 200eow Eazy
... stop there. The 2nd one is wack.
I’d love to agree but I had a bad dream about Steve and my mother. Maybe it’s time for plan B?
They need to be to carry around that ego.
I prefer to stay close to family and friends.
Serious answer: 4% is a common convention for the “safe withdrawal rate”. Basically if you put that 2 mil in an index fund which returns and average of 8% a year, you can take 4% each year and be confident your money would never run out. There are plenty of calculators on this concept you can google. 

For your situation, I’d definitely recommend exiting the position and talking to a financial advisor with a fiduciary responsibility to you (ask them this, means they are legally required to put your financial interests first in their recommendations).
[removed]
I found the white knight. Do we need to guess what his orbiter to experience ratio is or is it already obvious
[removed]
Not if he takes it in the back
I'm least concerned about it given that it doesn't require 2fa, phone number, etc to keep an account. 

But reddit is a shitty company that encourages a climate of heavy censorship, banning conservatives basically wholesale just like other platforms, so i won't support them by buying coins etc.
U in China??? O fuk
I miss pure un-hinged sarcasm.
That's great! Such a good investment! Congrats!
I thought it was $5tn.👀
[deleted]
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktkf1t/ev_tonk_to_the_moon/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
I could see Twitter losing a ton of users. They only have around 22% of adults using it and they were falling before Trumps campaign. As for the rest, I doubt much will change and will continue to grow
Far too sensitive at the moment sir, I only unbiasedly post downfall to my enemies of course.
Is apha rocketing this week or no someone needs to tell me. I am bleeding dry with my calls which expire eow
I love your explanation, thank you! One question for further understanding. Does " A contract" always gie you the right to buy 100 shares? In your calculation you said he had 19 contracts, which gave him the option to buy 1900 shares - or is this stated somewhere?
Welcome to magdonald our special today is ice cream but I should let you know ice cream machine 🅱️roke
Why do you hate money?
Renault zoe 250 miles and is at least affordable by most retards in the civilised world.  

Tsla is 3x the price of a zoe.

Zoe sales in Europoor badlands: 84.000+ in 2020 ... 

nio sales 2020 in europoor: 0

 tsla sales 2020  in europoor:  12.100+

TLDR: 
My memefolio is saturated with renault stonks and calls! 
Nio & Tsla puts!
late afternoon for me
Everyone’s jumping their mirrors about clean energy ETFs. But which one will perform the best this year is the real question
Wait for that spac merger
That’s the question.
NKLA found a floor at 17 and has been holding there since early december. That's crazy to me, how is this shit not at 0.
We don't all live next door to you...
What
Tesla robotaxi gonna be next level
Last quarter, a 40% increase in assets (to $14B) doubled their market cap QoQ. If everyone truly thinks Tesla's making such good use of its assets, surely we're headed for the moon here 🚀🚀🚀
Gotta be a Boomer for no Rockets but Im picking up what your putting down pops🤝—interesting correlations🧐
Then all you have is more. What if it goes to $0? Then you have nothing.
bulls good bears bad
Come Monday come dumb conservatives are going to try and short big tech.
[deleted]
It was for me. Put it this way, no advisor would have looked at my portfolio and said do it. But this is WSB right?
Agree completely, if it seems this obvious, it won't be that.  Do you know what the bubble-popper was for 2008?
watched american psycho for the first time tonight, it was nice
[removed]
Me too. Jumped on MT and VALE. My April VALE calls were .18. Currently up 122%
I can't believe you have that much money, live in Vancouver which is super affordable, and are still struggling to date someone.
🤣
Sounds good to me. Only flaw is I’d use the military to personally smash every Apple computer in the US so the ghost of Steve Jobs interred in every Mac doesn’t come back to haunt our country
>The mission we serve as Twitter, Inc. is to give everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly without barriers. Our business and revenue will always follow that mission in ways that improve – and do not detract from – a free and global conversation.
Just watch and miss out. Tesla was flat for years.
I know, but a great problem to have.
[deleted]
It’s what you buy when you don’t want theta gang to clap you.
Raise your hands if you think a company's stock should keep rising to infinity if they have cool technology. ✋
2,X M and still FOMOing?
This could be me...
Wow, must be a shithole. Mine has iPhone XX Pros buried just under the sand at a distribution of 1 per 5,000 sq. ft. There's a little flag, size of one of those cocktail umbrellas, marking each phone. Sometimes when I get really drunk, I like to go out into the woods and try and find the ones that I haven't found yet. And every 17th tree has a Microsoft surface built into it. That wasn't my idea. It looks pretty stupid, if I'm being honest. Real waste of a palm tree
So because Elon has smoked weed on Joe Rogan Tesla is the most valuable thing on earth.
He’s got dreams and he just might achieve them
[deleted]
Wait, what? Where on Twitter is weird porn? Asking for...me.
I am with you on the bubble stuff but you will lose when you go up against all  theses retards.
Holy shit thats kinda scary but probably true since now its also part of spy. But does tesla actually need all the money generated by their stocks? I mean how does elon plan on investing all this money? Building like 10 super batteries all over the world? And 20 gigafactories?
Wtf is a share?
[deleted]
you work at mac donalds?
Weekend thread busier than I’ve seen it in a long time . Lots of retards and /r/all cucks filling some gaps. Expect a correction after their way OTM call/put options expire worthless 1/15
That’s so hawt
[removed]
You going to blow up your account when they say their view number is fake
Absolutely. I got calls on other stuff that’s printing mad heavy.
Oh man. Either you’re going to lose every penny or make out like a thief. Congrats
Explain to yourself why you need to go even higher with tesla, you have done amazing but I would say greed is never good. Take almost all of it out 2,500-2,750 shares, and do something with it. I would not give the same advice as everyone here and setting it all in an etf... make a good portfolio instead, keep it interesting. Start with learning about real estate, and buy some housing to rent out. This is the perfect time for you to start diversifying.
[removed]
they are a buy
If you ever lose money and feel like a jackass just remember, there’s people in the western world preaching communism through an iPhone built by exploited workers, listening to Lebron James preach about social justice while being paid millions to wear shoes that are made in a sweat shop all the while believing Norway is a socialist country.
[removed]
For sure.
When did you buy?
Can we ipo parler? Trying to get it back?
... nothing wrong with shares + calls. As long as it ain't short on Elon I don't see an issue.
Y’all about to make me try and afford a Tesla call
That's my dream also. Dont forget solar charging station and Starlink to live off the grid.
🤫  Don't upset the Bull(ies).
🤫  Don't upset the Bull(ies).
dont have to tell you that they can easily press another 15 inside after the point you were shure that theyll puke...
Not that much. Made 2.5 mill last year. Sike not sike or maybe?
Corn stalks or stalking psycho stalks
Ah yes the ol’ “the entire world is on the Atlantic coast of the US” schtick 

^^^^^3 ^^^^^lines
Tell me anything about the CEOs of any other car company and the type of vision or drive they have?

I’ll wait. 

That’s the difference.
Okay holy shit, maybe I’m too high but I just found a plan to fund the US for the coming years. First seize and liquidate Tesla for its $840 billion valuation to fund a year of military, liquidate Apple to fund Medicaid/care, obliterate Microsoft to fund infrastructure, and pound Amazon into oblivion to fund Foreign Aid. I’m not seeing any flaws for this as they are all US companies. Please, try to find any holes in my plan.

(Legally must disclose I have a financial interest in McDonalds Corp)
[removed]
What is psth
I don't share your view at all. I see only 2 scenarios:

1. Earnings are in line or better since they sold ONLY 700-800$ bundles. This leads to a price increase.

2. Earnings are bad because of stocking issues and MMs dump. That dump will be bought by RC. This leads to a price increase a few days later.

Scenario 2 is more likely to happen. 

I don't see RC paying top dollar for a very powerful law firm just to file one 13D and then calling it quits. Also the twitter post most likely corroborates this scenario.

Safest way to play this is diamond hands, not so safe way is to sell CC. I am going to DH because I'm a pussy and don't want to miss on a major bull run for a few bucks.
🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🧸🧸🧸🧸🧸🧸🧸🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫👮🏼‍♀️👮🏼‍♀️👮🏼‍♀️👮🏼‍♀️👮🏼‍♀️
Taurus
From their *own* Mission Statement:

>**The mission we serve as Twitter, Inc. is to give everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly without barriers. Our business and revenue will always follow that mission in ways that improve – and do not detract from – a free and global conversation.**


They are no longer following their own Mission Statement. Free speech is more than just about the 1st Amendment. People want a platform where they can freely share ideas. 


The consumer doesn't feel this way about Twitter anymore, and their revenue will be negatively impacted. 


Sentiment: Strong Sell
What could possibly go wrong
Dont forget the not flamethrower.
My whole account is in Tesla puts.
[deleted]
Manchin has said he’s on board. He walked back his statement.
You a Leo as well?
In 10 years we are going to look back and laugh at how we thought Tesla was going to be mining asteroids and driving us to fucking Mars. 

Its a car company. It makes cars.
[removed]
THCX...I'd stick to US based operations for now

If you up for a risky bet, MMNFF
Safer options, CURA
Where do you get the number 19 calls. All i see is that he bought one call on the 8th
Thanks this seems to be the most popular opinion besides holding on for the ride. Takes a bit of work but well worth it.
[deleted]
Not like TWTR was making money anyways
Brother, VALE and ICLN for the fucking win.  


Though, VALE will net you better short term. ICLN will continue giving epic money throughout this administration. I'm gonna roll my VALE gains into ICLN.
BAN
& my legs & back are a million times more stronger than my chest
What do you think about halo labs inc?
All I hear is trillion dollar company 🚀
Electric mustang gonna bring ford all the way to 11 baby
Watch youtube on phone while screen mirroring to tv. Problem solved.
Buy BP then... it’s a cash cow and oil is going to make more profits in this next decade than in any before! 

They know their time is up but the world doesn’t transition overnight. Their construct supply (the Saudis just announced it) to the point where prices are just insane and then squeeze every last dollar out and buy up green companies to guarantee their future.

They’re c@nts and they always survive!
My parler calls are worthless now =(
I did wonder why everyone was saying fuck you so happily to each other.
If you read between the lines, this means steel is going NUCLEAR
can anyone tell me why weekend dow is so low right now?
[deleted]
Tlry 💥💥💥
This is a perfect storm. Interest is low and it cost money to have money in the bank. Bonds are shit. So what are people doing? Buying real estate and stocks. Shit is pumping like nothing else. Once the interest goes up. We’re gonna see a massive fucking craaaash.
Go off king
As ebooks with an AI doing text to speech.
What dip
IDK how much of a return you can expect over two weeks.
I miss Donnie🥺
TSLA to the moon!
someone know how where nio market cap at? cant find shit.
Wasn't good for advertisers anymore.
Mods test BAN on this guy
[removed]
NOW NOW NOW

Bail out and blow it on booze
Bro, Nokia has literally already been on the Moon, that's enough dd for me.  Just take our money, we be going for the long-distance hail mary 5G touchdown.
[deleted]
[deleted]
BAN
You know china exist right?
You guys have been saying this since NOV. Where's the momentum?
Yeah someone else mentioned it. I don’t understand it appears too good to be true.  Can you explain or point me to the level of risk and downside?  I’d definitely consider putting it in a 11% return. Just have to understand the risk.
Hell yeah it is
I just read a post about some autist trying to pump ford stock... wtf guys... seriously?? How are you not fomoing everything into $tsla
Pltr, what a retarded question
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
dude i’ll play SRPT. I was like why is my account actually green this week. holy fck i should have bought more ARCT
🤷‍♂️
Absolutely true lol
[removed]
You should dig a big ass pothole and cover it with leaves and shit
Also SNOW cc and PLTR leaps. Thanks to the community here
$$$ is $$$
You can't liquidate McDonald's, it'd ruin the texture of the food. Think before you speak
[deleted]
[removed]
Accurate. Thanks lol.
[deleted]
What’s crazy about the shit you keep posting is I could probably copy it into like 15 random subs on here and I’d get 500+ upvotes and every comment saying “nothing but facts 👏🏻👏🏻”
What do we do after the first year?
What did you think starlink is for?
Monday after the dip
PLTR
MT $30C 2/19 x 45 (.40). 
VALE $25C 4/16 x 55 (.18)

These were my first two option trades ever after Don Vito’s first post. How did I do?
[deleted]
I'm too lazy to check but I recall that they crushed estimations.
Anyways, I love this company. All in
🌈🐻keep coming out the woods, go hibernate until the ICR is over.
[deleted]
You are talking bs, obviously you have no idea or you visited China before 2000. In China, already 25% of all cars are electric and China will be the first country to go full 100% EV, as someone said: If the CCP wants it, they do it. There is no discussion like in western countries that may delay that decision over several years.

Anyway my point is: NIO 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You intentionally said exactly what they said in the video, right? XD
Print your way to prosperity, it's so easy with fiat money.
ARKK, ICLN, NIO 

Will make me wealthy in 2021
Think it’s still worth getting in around 1.50?
its so funny to think that 250 is 1250 pre split. still fuckin high
I’m buying the $90k Tesla Truck with full self driving when I sell my Stock in 3-4 years. + building a home. Then I can take the rest, leave it in Tesla, and lead a boring happy life.
381 383 384 for Monday 🤷‍♂️
I’m actually going to review and compare the holdings of ICLN later today because plugs run up.
Why buy OTM calls with shorter expiration, i.e. wouldn't you profit more from a $51 call expiring on 1/15/2022 assuming the price continues to rise?
I just thought of a plan to fund this sub for a year 

Seize and obliterate your account and use the proceeds to buy Wendy’s tendies for everyone here
Farmers everywhere agree
Cealr eyes, full heart, can't lose
[deleted]
Which accounts are those
[deleted]
Yeeeeeeah!!!!! Enjoy!
I'm going ballz deep on BB. QNX will be in pretty much every car in the market in the next few years.
Same
[deleted]
I like it
RIP Us economy
So investing all that money in one single other stock is safe? Doesn’t feel worth it for 2.5%.
[removed]
Well fuck, I just bought a bunch of Amazon calls for February of 2001
NIO is on the way to Jupiter, better get on before we leave the moon
BULLISH
I for one welcome our global mega corporations ( and our robot car overlords)
I'd say 60s-70s short term.
Surprised McDonalds isn’t mentioned
Guy has puts
Both Nvidia, and QCOM self driving modules use BB's hypervisor QNX.
Yep, you can retire to southeast asia rn and a hire a fucking harem, and upgrade to eastern europeans if tesla goes to mars.
A lot of longs are selling covered calls because they're also theta gang, everyone wants their longs to moon except theta gang, who want it to moon after the calls they sold have expired.
All time movie right there
What are your price targets for $MT?
I got 200 VALE 25C 6/18 @ 0.51
If someone told me I would've put many thousands and became a multi millionaire.
Anything new anyone is delving into in the new year? Feel like I’ve been cycling the same 4-5 stocks for awhile besides yoloing random pennystocks that the dudes on that sub somehow figure out
About 20% of my portfolio/cash at the time. So a pretty big risk considering I don’t own a home or any other significant asset.
Spy 400 incoming
Then why the fuck would u put your money into company #66 or #67, ill never fucking understand people so scared of easy gains
Friday
Yeah, except all the other competing companies know what happened with Amazon too. Do you think they'll just sleep on the matter and let Tesla dominate multiple different industries?
Said same...
True true 🤣. Maybe we’ll be posting our tendies sometime next year & making fun of everyone that doubted us LOL
[removed]
[deleted]
Tell me about it. They really think every single person in the world is as much of a fanboy themselves and desperately wants a Tesla. The more common they are, the less desire people have to own one. Things become uncool very quickly and people like choice and diversity.
Fidelity ATP
[deleted]
more revenue than whole last year
is it working?
I just came
Thats bullish
Buy TWTR puts and have a good Monday.
Trump inherited a good economy, like I said. He has benefited off of the legislation of the Obama administration much like Regan did with Jimmy carter. https://www.jec.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/2c298bda-8aee-4923-84a3-95a54f7f6e6f/did-trump-create-or-inherit-the-strong-economy.pdf I can see you aren’t a man of evidence, but it’s worth a try.
All this bearish sentiment means one thing and one thing only... MISSION TO MARS CONFIRMED!
When should I buy NIO?
This is the way
Whole sentence is weird lmao if it’s gonna moon June 12 why not buy that cheap ass 45C on it lmaoo
Alright!  Get in there, it'll go the distance.  It's worth the NOK NOK jokes either way.
Better than losing 1k 🤡
Still lots of jobs. Covid has had an effect but the industry is still hiring.
Get a weighted blanket my dude. That's not a great long term sleeping position.
What does amd calls mean ? Is that the same as buying to individual stock ?
... can't wait until [u/SwitchUpCB](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joqMNfo5XZU) drops some new shit. That boy got talent!
I have held off the urge to buy calls on Tesla cuz everyone’s saying it’s gonna go down and they have been telling me that since November. Y’all have convinced me to put my money on Monday if it don’t work out send me the location for the nearest food bank
[deleted]
[deleted]
Appease the new administration
https://twitter.com/DrTomFrieden/status/1348011986202845187?s=19

🤔
Fcell is dead. Next stonk to pump is mcPhy & Cell impact!!!


🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You must really like trump to cherry pick his short comings, to think that he hasn’t trivialized this virus is asinine.
100% gain each day for quite some time now. I'm jelly. Congratulations on early retirement.
🤡 

Anyway thanks bro
RC is the tend-er and we are the tend-ees
If beer is fermented hops does that make it a probiotic? Can I have it instead of Yakult?
[removed]
[deleted]
Anywhere between 17 and 29 more days, if you were curious. Now is not a bad time to begin transitioning into the TSLA of 2021. I don't know what that is yet, but I can promise you that when PornHub has its IPO, that.
Yep, any gains will be cancelled out.
If Tesla still hasn't bursted in a year I'm saying fuck it and investing in index funds for the rest of my life.
Sat with Nok for months, made about $20
Dorsey had a social media platform where the most controversial person in the world routinely posted. Why would he do this.
If only plug had a CEO who smoked weed on Joe Rogan and tweeted memes it would have broke 20 billion market cap already lol. Something about eccentric CEOs that drives this sub nuts. In all the time this sub has spent talking about Palantir they have missed out on PLUG tendies. Hydrogen fuel cells are the future and in certain situations do much better than EVs. PLUG is on a rocket ship to the moon in 4 years. Positions?
>Amazon lost 94% of its *trading* value during the dot com bubble. $100 to $6.

FTFY
Degiro is the bomb. Extremely low commissions, good layout, good customer support. Only for stocks though, no options. 

Never heard of yourmoney but anything that has such a cringy ass name is probably a scam
Das Boot is a really good movie like damn
Hes not badddddddd
[removed]
[removed]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Mike Stud - Wall Street (Pro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWghW0PGOZ8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWghW0PGOZ8)⠀►►⠀ 2:14 / 3:21 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
MASTER?

Obey my master

My life burns faster

Obey my master?

These gains are blasters 🚀 I hope they cum faster 🚀 you want some fucking gains then grabb that pussy 👇

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct\_completely\_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct_completely_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Alexa play mike stud Wall Street


I know you’re on this sub mike you fucker
Only you know when to pull your chips off the table.

Perhaps the gentleman would be more comfortable at one of our lower limit tables?

r/smallstreetbets -->

(Read the posting guidelines before you go.)
I knew it was a big risk. I said in another thread the day I bought one analyst predicted bankruptcy and another said Model 3’s were catching fire. I bought it because I bought the car and knew it was too good to fail.
No he meant GME, he just doesn't realise it yet.
🤣🤣 & I was looking into that brotha. 3.8 was my entry point but looks like I’ll have to enter at 4.
24 hours and 10 mins till 🚀
How many times did you have to put the Chicken down before he finally went right?
[deleted]
1100C 1/15.
Tsm
4 trillion dollar stimulus incoming. And y’all are telling me Tesla won’t moon? Come on.
[removed]
I’d rather 10 bulls than 100 bears
Pleas die again
Tsla is no more 🚀🚀🚀

#TSLA is 🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸
How do you do that if you were to lose that much money from a day? Asking for a friend...
[deleted]
So are my herpes, but this isn't the place to brag about either.
This broker DEGIRO simply doesn’t show them. See it as an upgrade.
Last earnings was bad. It was also the earnings before a super cycle
God some of you are retarded. You actually believe I would buy TSLA puts? Lmao
You are just all fired up on that Andrew Yang type beat tonight huh
LEAPS are teh way to go.
Calls on Tesla
Fit and finish are not the same as technology. 

Yes, it has paint and panel gap issues; it’s still smarter and more capable than any other car on the road.
enjoy this one if you missed the last:   
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct\_completely\_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct_completely_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Mate congratulations thats amazing!!
wise words have been spoken 🙏
[deleted]
You want some more gains? 

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct\_completely\_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct_completely_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
yep my YOLO 20c expiring EOW depends on this, hopefully RC does something to pump us higher
hey retard:   
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct\_completely\_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct_completely_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)  
🚀🚀 🚀 🚀
Tlry to the moon💥💥💥💥
Pay a premium to have the right to buy a stock at a set price (strike price) regardless of the market price. Options have an expiry date which you must excercise them by.
[deleted]
how was the play retards? ?  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct\_completely\_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct_completely_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Naw he meant GM
[deleted]
NVIDIA OR AMD for a leap?
We will see TSLA at 200. 

When Elon announces the 5:1 split. 

Don’t think it’ll happen again so soon? 

Lol.
TSLA's stock price is completely unsustainable but you'll need balls of steel to short them.
Goodbye retard
FR his vision and confidence is💰and already looking so much better than Lonzo 

Did you see him post up Trae all the way from the 3 lmao 💀💀
> a Sith Lord

or a Shit Lord
[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct\_completely\_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct_completely_misunderstood/giqxj67?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
I see way to less red in this sub. Times will come when the market isnt rising to the moon for a long time and this sub will be a massacre
The f you talking about...of course it's not something the average person would want. The average person can't even think to afford it.

Hell...the average American can't afford an EV, dipshit.

China is the biggest EV market (currently) and has the highest number of EV companies (also fact). Maybe put the dots together.
Holy shit?  I found the other Autist, you and I are the NOK Gang.  I got me some far out dated calls.  $3.8 seems to be great entry, though I'm not sure if it will get that low anytime soon.  Seems to be hovering around 4.00 to 4.08 recently.
I’ll take presidential memorandum for $2000 Alex
[deleted]
It’s on like 5 diff social media platforms lol
And y’all pay triple the tax and 4x as much for rent compared to where I live
Uh, it's just another tech company.....add it to the massive pile of apps on my phone that track my every move, sound, call, text,,,,,etc
1/15 1000c and hold on tight for the ride to Mars 🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Ban for America. Go talk stonks on Weibo.
I say GL to any of my retarded brethren, but I still gotta pre-emptively give you this:

F
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Swae Lee, Slim Jxmmi, Rae Sr](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CKuWPRq2Ps) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CKuWPRq2Ps)⠀►►⠀ 3:10 / 4:45 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
We tried to meme it before and it didn’t work
Whatsup retards, 

Easy as fuck play here. I've been screening for ARKG holdings that drop more than 10% and I've studied all of their holdings and realized that these retards that analyze these stocks know fuck-all. 

ARCT play: [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct\_completely\_misunderstood/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/knm7o4/arct_completely_misunderstood/)

Popped that $60 call for Jan/15 and it's up over 1200% 

I called it that these idiots have no idea what they're talking about. Analysts in this space know fuckall and this drop for $SRPT was another overreaction. This is an easy recovery back to $140. AVG pr target from analysts $153. I expect the same thing to happen but because of the nature of the trial.

Cathie's got a webinar on Tuesday and u fucks best believe we're asking her about $SRPT. This is my prediction: 

\- We'll ask cathie about SRPT 

\- She'll say ask Ally

\- Ally is gonna let us retards know that those fuckers analyzing this stock know jack shit, and the trial was fucked up. Then she's going to tell us about how the TAM for gene editing is worth hundreds of billions of dollars and they don't give a shit about 51% drops for a trial when SRPT has 30 other ongoing trials. 

\- Then us retards will buy

\- Then those fuckwads at motley fool will pump the overraction on $SRPT and we can sell out a day later. 

Shit is too easy right now. Grab and hold commons, or go for $100C for march. 

  
Cathie had .5% arkg on SRPT, after the drop added .75%. you retards know this is easy money so let's fucking get it and let cathie's buys take us to the fucking motherland. 

&#x200B;

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀   


you retards get this first. I'm going to post this again on Monday after markets open. Please don't share so we can all get in early and then I'll blast it everywhere an hour later.
Im at a 1100 shares and im going to bury that shit with me. I'll sink with the boat if it every does. Highly doubt it.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Listen_Original|[If you say TSLA is going to crash, show us your puts pussy](https://redd.it/ku9i1p)
/u/reiys123|[Need help on How To Use WSB properly](https://redd.it/ku9tv9)
/u/Yoyo_blah|[Biden assembling multitrillion-dollar stimulus plan with checks, unemployment aid](https://redd.it/ku9w44)
/u/sustin96|[Chances of TSLA having a second or even third stock split?? Likely or Unlikely???](https://redd.it/ku9wf3)
/u/fitchaber10|[Are there any industries I am not investing in that I should get in on?](https://redd.it/ku9z4g)
/u/No_Fap_Till_Midnight|[Dr Burry, are you alright?](https://redd.it/kua307)
/u/The_fat_kid_nicholas|[How the fuck do i get started?](https://redd.it/kua6rx)
/u/vanlago|[NIO, yay or nay](https://redd.it/kuahgx)
/u/umie001|[Is there a way to filter out tesla posts!?](https://redd.it/kuao7g)
/u/TTOWN5555|[Most upvoted i thro my savings on](https://redd.it/kuazlp)
[deleted]
Am I too late for the June 33c at ~1.40?
BIG BALLER BRAND
384 here
Isn't there still time to loose it all? Idk, buy tesla puts and loose it all. No profit -> no tax 😅
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TTOWN5555 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Long term treasury yield increase could put pressure on equities.   Bond prices were already dropping this week in anticipation of this development.
Dude is a fucking beast and if one disagrees they’re just a h a t e rrrrrrrrrrR
What do you think you're selling if it hasn't been exercised? You're selling the premium and netting whatever the difference is.
Don Vito, your thoughts on Rio Tinto?
TSLA
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Get Real Paid               ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8Rpdly7yv4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8Rpdly7yv4)⠀►►⠀ 2:54 / 4:21 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Mini futures underliggende verdi endrer seg ikke og dermed kan du ikke tape mer enn du legger inn.
Exactly.
[deleted]
Alexa, play Get Real Paid
You make a compelling argument.
Share the accounts daddy
You won’t be able to afford it
#No! Geely is the way 

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Fuck yeah. Glad you gave confirmation
Lmao you’re not wrong 🤡
[deleted]
Whoever said that was just trying to hog all the crazy pussy.
[removed]
Here in SF Subway conductor gets 100-120k
$30 end of february
Awesome! Congratulations! :D
ARKBCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
Or don't go for it, I'm not sure. Which ever one you choose will probably be the wrong one. :/
what's for breakfast?
Tomorrow is sunday
Plenty of people make 75k+ a year and have nothing invested or in savings. Think about that.
Expect 5-10% increase everyday til summer
Snowflake sucks. Stay away. They are basically just “dropshipping” from the tech giants with a little extra service on their side which anyone could do and come out with by themselves.
All aboard! One way ticket to brokesville
You're probably too poor to afford TSLA options
[removed]
GigaChads
Didn’t read the post, but will upvote because of all the rockets.
Yeah the logo is terrible
Go for it, whats the wurst that could happen.
BABA to the Fucking stratosphere.. Monday will cover the CME gap that dicked us bulls down recently.
I don’t get why I don’t see more people tooting 🔌’s horn on this sub. It is going to continue rising and it’s already been blowing up this year.
How much is ICLN gapping up on Monday? That was the weakest profit taking sell off on Friday. Upwards pressure is too stronk. Look at the meaty inflow chart 💦🥵

Institutional investors who assumed Republican Senate control are rotating into it and it's becoming a WSB darling.

40-50 by Inauguration on the 20th. POMP EET.
It’s part of the steel play. Lots of DD been written about it on this sub.
31st
lol
600p
Papa Karp 🚀🚀🚀🚀
There are quite a few Republicans supporting additional stimulates. But depending on the specifics, it might or might not work.
We are all going to trillionaires soon but unfortunately that amount of money aint going to buy shit.
because people can't handle ONLY 50%-100% return for a \~60ish day play. Personally, love me. Spreads debit & credit FTW. When to choose? Idk, I read when IV is high go credit, when IV is low, go debit. I know nothing.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [No Social Media - Wiz Khalif](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PshwuEMmN7U) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PshwuEMmN7U)⠀►►⠀ 2:39 / 3:59 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Obviously
ive never bought any options before but i wanna yolo on tesla which ones should i buy
It’s getting really bad, my wife’s boyfriend is starting to complain basically every time he watches his favorite vloggers on the teevee
[removed]
No. The premium belongs to 5heta gang
Trading212 sucks, DeGiro is very reliable and a great platform. The only thing degiro sucks at is options trading.( you cant buy options on american companies )
Lmaoo.. right
[deleted]
ARKK🚀📈
Idk when i tell ppl how much money i make they respect me more. Ppl look up to that shit
I’ll take that sack of potatoes for 3 million dollars then 💰💰💰
Lmao, I’m probably younger than you are
NIO and SPWR will go down from monday to tuesday
Sunrun. But you already missed the run. Eh but I may be wrong it could climb another 100 to 200% this year. Starting to see them blowing up around California.
Yeah idk but I need to do this too. I think I figured out it’s because my chest feels vulnerable if it’s exposed. Probably some repressed trauma there my brain has locked away or something equally retarded
Unexciting holiday figures are already priced in, this is why we aren't still trading above $20, remember this company is still capitalized at it's quarterly revenue.

The bloodbath scenario is oversold.
[deleted]
Yes and no, because if it does ride to $80, your hypothetical $60c would be more ITM than your $70c, so your $60c would have a higher premium than the $70c but you paid a higher price to buy the $60c contrast than the $70c.

Watch some YouTube videos about it, it’s not that hard once you get a hold of the concepts.
[deleted]
Agree, as humans, we are naturally social creatures. I think when someone becomes successful and wealtht, the best course of action is to use it to help your immediate circle of friends and family, then your community and then try to reach out to as many people as possible. Its no surprise the wealthy that indulge themselves non stop in luxury and over abundance end up severely depressed or being super disconnected with everyone else.
I was thinking about 2023 calls I mean they’re literally cheap af lol
Nerd
[deleted]
God this is stupid 😂
Nio was at $50 last week at some point right, so:

say hypothetically $60 call is $1

and $70 call is $0.75

If Nio lands to $60 on monday (or even $70 lets say), your $60 call would be higher than $70 call.

Read up on the greeks; lots of factors in play, but this is my noob explanation and may not always be right; again... lots of factors in place (like iv crush).
I love the new logo, amazing
🧿👅🧿
Why don’t you buy tesla?
Never stick your dick in crazy
Jeg husker ikke helt i farten. Men logikken er at Bull/Bear endrer seg daglig. Gitt 2x, hvis du investerer 100 kroner og det underliggende produkter går ned feks 50%, så vil du tape 2x50%. Mao 100%. Men hadde gått mer så ville du vært skyldig.
Model S still looks good honestly, but damn its been 8 years...
They are doing good 5G research, they own Bell labs, not clear whether it will pay off though. The youtuber The Signal Path works in their R&D division.
[removed]
Twitter has passed.  Puts from here.
GigaChads where you at?
[deleted]
Praise trump and 🌈🐻 things
Made me think of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RszOkTkxixk). Black man's Kryptonite.
Personally I don’t get why they did it.

Apple makes ARM chips but to be super clear, Apple’s iPhone chips are heavily modded. Best example is when they came out with a 64 bit version when ARM hadn’t even released reference designs.

Think of it this way. The Chevy Corvette’s LS engine block is used by lots of boutique carmakers, who tune them to 1500+ HP. Of course you could run it stock, but that won’t leave you competitive in the marketplace. A 400HP V8 is weak when there are Golf GTIs and 4 cylinder Turboboost Fords making that sort of power. 

NVidia can run stock ARM reference designs but they will lose hard to any serious competitor.

I had an interview with one of NVidia’s mobile Directors. He didn’t get it either.
[deleted]
MSOS
I follow accounts that use screeners so I don’t have to
this geezer about to be taking rmds and still on wsb calling ppl autists
So I get to have butt sex and this meaningless life comes to an end? Double bonus
Not if grandpa got cucked by a real chad flashing his fat stacks all over grandma’s rack
Or is it hating an entire group of people based on superficial qualities something we don't do anymore?  Either way, happy for you.
When you start bragging it’s about time to sell.
Thank the fed?
:(
Broo logo looks like I drew it
16% of your money didn't get 1100% gains, HA!  Eat shit loser!

&#x200B;

(congrats)
Are we using screeners and due diligence? Find some uncharted waters.
This is the wey
[deleted]
TAN is a literal printer
[deleted]
Say you buying Tesla puts
i havent worked 40hours in over 13 years
Sorry man. Nokia literally does not move lol
Is there still a lot of job growth in that industry or is it over saturated? Thanks.
Isn't loving an entire group of people based on superficial qualities something we don't outwardly do anymore?  Love em in your head bro!
THEY ALSO MIGHT STAB YOUR FACE OFF.
Its from our high taxes m8
You ain’t wrong
Beer doesn’t affect the liver at all really
if you sell a call option that you bought do you get to keep the premium since you didnt exercise it
Don’t make fun of me but has anybody looked into Nokia? 5G? calls?
And yet there’s physical evidence otherwise...
yep extremely unfortunate for my taste in automobiles. luckily i keep a prius as a disguise
Millennials: fuck Jeff bezos! I wish he didn’t exist anymore because he’s scum! WhT good has he done for anyone?

Wish granted. Next day:

Millennials: wait what do you mean I can’t buy my textbooks online and I have to go to my college and pay triple price for them?
ICLN and who?
Plug is part of ICLN
How many of y’all have spy calls
I pretty much need to sleep face down with all my weight on my chest and lungs. Maybe because I used to be a druggie and got used to falling asleep nodding off barely breathing
\- ...  And so son, your mother killed herself because I lost the house on tesla calls.

\- It's ok pops, you did your research , your analysis, it's not your fault.

\- Eerrr, yes, yes, you are right son.
I'm their bitch.

Literally, my only job is to wear the gimp outfit and change the urnial mints.
VXX calls and TSLA puts every week. Fuck the 🌎
it used to be a teeny micropenis, so u kinda have to let them have their moment
It’s hard to tell sarcasm on like text bruh
So many things in it are looking like they are going out of business
bro you need to stop huffing your own farts
Good thing about our future is everyone will be millionaires! Bad thing about our future.......... everyone will be millionaires.
only one explanation, you have split personalities and the other you is trying to sabotage you. sorry bro
I think your missing an E
[removed]
(More legit) lol
AA meetings.
Fuck that if every WSB subscriber bought 50 shares tomorrow GME would shit on TSLA within a week
Every post is just a fuck you.
A correction means that it's just on sale!
GM to the moon on June 12 🚀 
1/22 $44 Calls
Busy time of year has me work the same or more. I’m just thankful that’s only 3-5 months of the year. Don’t think I’d pull it off if I didn’t have down time to look forward to
Kinda sick of tsla millionaires swinging their big dicks every day. Congrats and fuck u all
[deleted]
This post, started out +15, now 0. Goes to show you how excited people are to be on the consensus side. Congrats! You're soooooooo right, censorship is the best!!!
> Sometimes stocks do go down (before eventually going back up).

had me in the first half
Alexa play Days Before Rodeo: The Prayer

Used to bang the part where he says nice beemers double parking fuck paying the meter over and over when I was in college 

I had $500 in parking tickets my freshman year lol
If you don't buy the ticket, then you won't win the lottery. Good Luck, bro. IPOE 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Well thank you, I guess?

If NIO would rise to $100 within 2 months the LEAP would give a significant higher return and the short term play would become much more riskier since now you would have to open/roll to new positions at a much higher strike.
Not even Robinhood gold?
F
Congrats dear French fellow!

And now let's pay your taxes and hand over the profit to the government
*throws away insulin*
Just make sure to keep your golf clubs hidden, historically massive wealth consolidation ends pretty bloody for the wealthy....
Can't wait to dump into VALE & ICLN on market open.
Don't worry. You'll understand it in say 12-18 months after the unemployment and stimulus checks run there course.
More like 50 max
Only if he gets it on the front...
If it goes under 530 u fucked
If it goes over 1250 u miss tendies
Lol it’s Nio
The trick to not getting burnt out is not caring about your job.
Reading into this a bit more, the tesla is supposed to orbit earth and mars forever. So the stock is probably going to cycle up and down with a net positive trajectory until the end of time.
institutions won't let it fall
[deleted]
have fun betting on a snail race
Why not buy plug calls instead?
Hey man. How long have you been holding these? What expiration and strikes do you use and why?
got singed by some cannabis stocks in 2019...though I should have kept Curaleaf!

better opportunities elsewhere.  I mean if you want to diversify, I guess that's alright...but I'll pass.
This weekend thread is weaidly having high volume. It used to be like 1 comment for every 5 minutes at this time
I’m either bull gang or rape gang 

Will never catch me with bear gang
[Guys I emailed Chamath telling him if he shows me a paystub for $72,000 I quit my job and come work for him and he opened it. No reply yet tho.](https://ibb.co/JxPL09S)
Never. Tesla stock is going to be like Standard Oil stock was in 1890.
Those crazies like it in the butt
Look at my last post. It wasn’t me and I only noticed when people commented. And now my iPhone won’t refresh my email
[deleted]
username checks out
Then try it. Try and fail until you succeed
In all seriousness I’ve realized much of life is quite honestly luck. There’s things you can do to increase the chances of success and it really depends what your doing, but if you accept this fact life gets a bit easier idk.
Can't tell if your comment is bullish or bearish.
Why isn’t your name green like other mods I see commenting in subs?
All the while on fb
Upvotes have gone over 420 too
$1.5B in EV stimulus in this market = $10B in market cap added tomorrow
“I’ll never buy in to Tesla at these prices...” I’ve said to myself 10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,1 years ago. 

I’ve been right and wrong about a lot of things. But don’t worry, if I decide to buy in this week, I promise I’ll warn y’all before hand
New Horizons.    
Open your gates and let me in!
GME Gang doesn’t need deserters on the squad
You definitely belong here
[deleted]
I mean republicans have no one to blame but themselves on this one. Thanks to gay wedding cakes private companies can do whatever they want
Premium is actually low considering how 🔥earnings is gonna be
Wow thanks for the blog post
Anybody here work a bunch of overtime? I’m working 70 hours a week and feel burnout
Check your math on that you bozo. It would probably end up being a $3 per month UBI
Brilliant DD my guy 🚀🚀🚀
Vito, what are your updated  best options plays to enter next week to yeet my entire portfolio into? Call prices are rising across the board so lmk where I can still enter BIG with ur adjusted timeline of june / august / 2022!
Thanks Joe! Student load moratorium extension on Day 1? More money for stonks!
Isn't it the sponsor aka Ackman, himself, that gets 20% of the company in a SPAC set up?
[deleted]
I'm thinking of going to a mental health clinic to pick up some chicks.
Whats the record comment* amount on the Weekend Thread? Feel like we're almost there

Edit: Comment*
Coming from NYC, it's strange people are worrying about  gold diggers because they have 25k. Dunkin' Donut managers in NYC make like 75k.
i dont have any GME, but im hoping this goes well only for that person thats down 55k on calls expiring this week, good luck!
Ah man, you haven't realized this is WWE yet ? One party. Enjoy the show!
[deleted]
Hahaha glad you got it! But bro... tell me about it... I listened to it on SoundCloud back in 2015 when I used to work at chipotle lol & then 2018 hit & all my friends were playing it like if it just came out I’m like.......
Another prime example of how Reddit’s community doesn’t know shit about economics or finances

I swear if I hear another “capitalism bad” or “rich people bad” or “give money away good” post, I’m gonna load up more on tesla calls
ICLN will only go up during Biden’s presidency
Lol it's Tesla
Better to get in now, take advantage of “stimulus talks going well” pumps.
Thanks, hope you do too, and go fuck yourself.
In my experience, people with that attitude tend to have little of either.
Been putting it off, but I'm with you. There's no ad blocker for the tv app.
Cheers to the party comrade, cya at the golf club, glad we're chosen to be on the non slavery side.
that money is imaginary. you can’t take it and do anything with it because it doesn’t exist.
Never bet against momentum. Yeah it will correct sometime, but you never know when. Then you can ride the momentum down 😉
so is there always a dumbass ready to buy retarded calls like this close to expiration ? i really dont see tsla hitting 1000
Replace all the loss porn with photos of kittens?
You do know that smaller cities in China are still bigger than most north American cities. Also, china needs to move towards renewables as their air quality sucks.
I dont see a negative impact on Tesla a lot. Nio Continues to establish themselves as higher mid-end or high-end brand including lifestyle and shit.
Seeing that the chinese population will get significantly richer overall in the next years, its a good strategy imo.


Tesla focuses on lower mid-end in China so has a broader target audience but they also can pump out way more cars than Nio currently. So also a valid approach. 

I'll punch my NVDA Ticket tomorrow on 600$ Jan 2022 leaps because I am a boomer and afraid of the TSLA/NIO evaluations currently but will buy the dips on NIO for sure.
Song used to be unreal when I downloaded that mixtape in 2015 because I didn’t want to pay for rodeo. Too bad everyone and their brother washed it for me when it got popular in like 2018 for some reason
Hopefully there's something in the works because if there isn't anything then he's just been toying with us with his tweets.
Myself
Gik calls
Oh wise tard, tutor me in your wisdom
Thanks bae.
Looks like Im buying ICLN since PLUG has gone too high.
Buy ARKG 115 calls
Mara calls or gold calls. Six months out 20% out of the money. Inflation hedge with potential to go tits up with upcoming stimulus packages and infrastructure spending.
Tesla isn't launching any rockets. Different company.
JPM Intern?
How to take advantage of the upcoming stimulus?
I started buying in 2015 and still holding that bag. Once the dividend is reinstated it should pop and I can get out
A pullback is to be expected though. TSLA saw a 10% pullback during June, a 15% pullback during July, and a ~30% pullback during September. Sometimes stocks do go down (before eventually going back up).
Corny 🤡
Just don't choke your chicken...let it be a pecker.
[deleted]
The -130 quantity shows that he is short 130 shares. Holy shit.

He is contributing to the latest rally which is no doubt mostly a short squeeze.
[deleted]
Lol my man Cathie has been steadily selling TSLA for the past two weeks straight. Do you even follow their trades?
He bought 2019
Doesn’t align with Xi’s plan. Ban from China.
[deleted]
Look at the bid ask spread and the amount of people trading before going in. A small bid ask spread usually means it will be safe to get out.
when im on my phone
Some boomer on my facebook feed really said "apple is HAL, and Twitter is Y2K" 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Did you buy at market open Monday? Lol
Yeah this shit is getting out of hand. It went up way too fast ,I can't even save enough money to buy.
What the hell does that even mean lol
By yourself or partying? If its second option it is just life in college.
Lol the Republicans are owned by the radical billionaire class. AKA Koch brothers and all their subsidiaries
Dividend by itself is not a merit. If anything it is a less tax advantaged method of profit distribution. As a foreign investor myself I would avoid dividend paying companies.

It is however 1.a signal that the company is stable in cashflow and profit, 2. the firm will slow down in expansion and becomes more stable.

Dividend alone is not a good indicator for future profit. Many of the best performing companies like Berkshire didn't really pay dividend, for example.
I love blondes.

That is all
Currently you can get $130k a year if you buy a 5% dividend stock with all your tesla gains.  Although I haven't accounted for taxes.  

If that is enough for you to live comfortably then go for it.  Otherwise keep holding until it reaches that point.
Bruh. Adblocker is free
I also agree with you that this sub is definitely better when everyone says the same fucking thing over and over.
he probably just deleted the app, no big deal
Agreed on the Holiday Sales likely to disappoint and that market makers are behind a lot of the short position. 

The only plus side is that a 10%+ fall in the price from Friday's Close puts it back into Cohen's purchase range of $16. Given his tweet about a wild ride, I suspect he will purchase more shares in any dip. That or he already has an announcement of some sort in the works.
[deleted]
Tribalism is real but there’s been studies where kids of a different race are put together and showed no bias towards each other.

Though I just tried to look it up and apparently this isn’t woke enough for 2020 because now they’re saying racism is partially genetic because some genes make people naturally more questioning of social constructs than others 🤦‍♂️
IMO there is more of a lefty push of govts globally to boost growth that everyone will be so desperate for. By this I mean more govt spending on infrastructure projects, i.e. things what are made of steel. Instead of the usual tightarse govts accross the EU and US skimping out on govt budgets, they've got a taste for splashing the cash and they won't hold back for a while.
No shit, I think we all figured that one out when both the stock market and unemployment hit highs at the same time.
Basically drink everyday
You have endless content possibilities with NIO and Neo. Renew that scrip my mans.
Waiting to see that metals gap up on Monday
lol Money printer go BRRRRR and plus if it dumps, I am throwing my life savings into the dip
Don't try it, this was super lucky.
Finally some loss porn!
[deleted]
It will either go up or down or maybe stay the same
i think i will have to buy youtube premium

fuck thats stonk money
Drugs you should try it.
[removed]
Nah.... its back to pre-COVID price. It is where it will be.
How did he buy shares so cheap?
School and I worked sell-side research for a while
HOLY SHIT. how do you find your plays? i am in RIOT now but i need something new.
Dude changeable batteries suck!
Is this with shares or calls?
Shhh, most of these fools don’t do their DD
tesla did 60 billion in a day.. why not
Rofl.. This was a very retarded play but $500 is chump change to a gambler.  Sell yup, because it wont hit $1000 by 1/15, but will this year.
I take personal offense since I have shares in cfl and mt.
Or at least play it tight, buying protective puts just in case
RemindMe! 5 years
[removed]
250k to 500k is significantly different than 500k to 1M.
Shrek green dick
Grandpa sounds like a virgin
That was a close call. Ironically, Michael Burry who is buying up a huge position shorting Tesla has a handle on Twitter as Cassandra
Yea that’s the reason I’ve diamond handed the silver and gold leaps I’ve had so hard. I didn’t even realize MARA until today. It hasn’t really settled in how bad that sucks yet lol.
you’re projecting retard. even worse
Exactly man, I’d say 95% of people really want the same shit politically the news and social media just takes whatever small differences people have and amplifies it until everyonehates eachother
"I'll just average down" turns into "I fucked up and now I'm buying back in higher" real fast.
With a side of kiss? 😘
Aight I mean I do it too not knocking you lol
>Dude, clearly you know what you’re doing.

People who bought Tilray were also geniuses at the top of the bubble!
And he never died we just remember the death of another gorilla in 90s and attribute it to him. He got freed in Rwanda and now is the king of gorilla all humans trspect him for saving the life of one of our weakeast and all gorillas because of how amazing he is. 
Also for some reason he know how to ride a bicycle and brought that knowledge to other gorillas and has been banging so much that gorillas are not endangered anymore.
Fruit of the loom is better. Change my mind.
Wow an entire fucking 1.5 BILLION?
Thats called being a boomer
Saw this on Parler
ICLN
That’s why we sell them 🤫
Bruh.... I’m sorry to hear that... that even hurt me a little. It builds character bro plus just take it as a learning experience.
You can’t tell if a woman actually likes you?

No one hates you for having 25k btw. Look elsewhere for reasons.
Are you guys sure NIO will drop on monday open or should I buy straight the fuck on open?
Gains
✈️📉
Im all in until i start hearing things like “now worth more than every single company in the world combined”. Then i might sell 10% of my tsla position
Sorry to break it to ya but it's in reference to the band Phoenix, not the city
PS4+1
Wealthy dont flaunt and/or brag.   Ambitious goals, just know CFA ain’t easy.  I know folks who got upto level 2 but couldn’t conquer 3.
Yes because amazon == America. Parler just needs to pull itself up by its bootstraps and start it’s own servers. Or is this not how the free market works?
We don’t talk about weed here anymore, we only smoke it
This man said Hanes Brand lmfaooooooo Aw shit bro thank you for that. May you be blessed with mucho tendies.
Those cars got to be made out of something. And we are playing a longer game see ya in June you fucking slut.
This was today I believe
Have you guys seen the competition? NIO, VW/Audi/porsche, Ford, Hyundai all have really solid products out right now and are gaining traction. Tesla Self driving is a sham and at some point this meme needs to die...
July 17th I sold my SLV $20 1/15/21 calls after holding for months and nothing. Two weeks later they were worth +2100% around 180k gains. July 27th I sold 6500 shares of MARA for $1.37 that I had for average .85c....$186,420 today. I’ve fucked myself a lot this year.
FOH Chinese design language is fugly af
I C L N
Curious to hear what that proof consisted of, I had always been under the impression we're hardwired to be naturally cautious of people who don't look like us as an ancestral survival trait to keep us close to our villages and the whatnot
You guys are a bunch of closeted lurkers rn watch tesla 900 Monday no doubt
[deleted]
Exactly... when I saw these idiots climbing walls I’m like what in the hell... they looked like a bunch of monkeys...
[deleted]
Thanks for this. How does one sell the contract back? I haven’t bought an option before, how do you know how much it is worth when you sell it back?
Dotcom bubble, 2000ish
You already know
ICLN for options. ICLN or QCLN for stocks. 

ICLN has a lot of PLUG, QCLN has a lot of TSLA and NIO
Could be
How long have you been trading to pick up this kind of knowledge?
Except no one here actually does this ^ for a living
[removed]
 VROOM VROOM MFKA
[removed]
I'm happy for you though, and good on you for donating you Charity, when on walks I buy a sandwich if I can for a homeless person, seeing them happier with food is good
There’s a guy who turned $5 into $50 trading way otm spy debit spreads for 0.01 lol
Ya dude I get this far down the thread before I realize it’s entirely made of real retards.
They’re closing those stores because:

1) Several of them are redundant.

2) Brick and Mortar is expensive to maintain. You can shut down locations that aren’t making money and use that cash to help transition to e-commerce, which is believed to be the plan moving forward. 

3) They’ve already signed a multi-year deal with Microsoft, and we believe several others are in the works. (Sony, Nintendo, etc

People are YOLOing their money because this is the beginning phase of a new direction, and because Ryan Cohen is involved, it stands to reason that he will be successful in moving the company forward using their loyal customer base and brand recognition to build on a future that’s not only cheaper to operate and implement, but better suited to the industry’s recent changes. 

I’m not trying to convince you to take a loan and buy GME with it; merely giving you insight into why so many of us are betting on them to be successful in the near future. It’s up to you wether you get in the rocket that’s heading to the moon.
Looks like we got plenty of room to grow
[deleted]
I agree with you that this sub is definitely better when everyone says the same fucking thing over and over.
Lol hay guyz does anyone else know that tesla is gonna bubble? I just learned this today
🥸
You won’t be here then mangina
🤫
No, you don't know someone who did that. Because that's not how tax writeoffs work for losses.
I’m crying laughing  🤣 FOH with this shit bro. Only squeeze that Hanes Brand is gonna have is the fabric in my boxers because: 

PLTR 🚀 GME 🚀 to the mf moon son.
Suns gonna hiccup come 2046
im thinking maybe the drugs arent helping
Best green energy ETFs?
Hahahahha get those inbreds outta here
*The stonk has already rallied 500% in the last 6 months. Maybe I should get in now and ride it till 1000%. And at 1000%, I will get out*
Who let the incel in
I just can’t imagine letting who’s in office dictate that much of my personal life, like sure I want my guys to win, but it’s not the end of the world if they lose I’m sure as shit not gonna storm the US FUCKING CAPITAL BUILDING dressed like a Viking
It’s gonna open over 60
Tim apple will give you one.
never said i didn't , just be sure of what you're cheering for. Going to be 2 sides real soon ---- ultra wealthy and ultra poor. Time Machine HG Wells shit
You guys realize that NIO has a 100B market cap and if you are asking for those 70$ Call 1/15 to hit.  That's 20+ Billion in one week of trading on a Chinese EV company. I love you WSB.
Something something government free speech vs corporation enterprise free speech. Peter Thiel is a fucking billionaire he can fund enormous server farms for republican-based apps like that if he thought this was a serious issue
Most job growth? The fuck are you talking about, Clinton presided over the largest increase in jobs, it was 18.2 million. If you're talking about a percentage increase then that'd be Reagan at 15.6%. Unemployment continued to decrease in the Trump years. Now if you're talking about GDP, take the average percentage growth of 2009-2016 and compare it to the average of 2017-2019 and I think you'll find the Trump average is a fair bit higher.
Can’t tell if joke
Elon seems to have pretty big plans for his money. Won't be accomplishing 1/10th of what he wants to bag holding TSLA. The top will be set by Papa's sell order.
😘
You have never met poor digger.

They're cute, yet poor.

Like really bro you've not seen these chicks.
😘
I have tried to crank up the charitable giving this year for sure. I know I’m lucky.
this sedan looks so much better than this Boomer Model S
[deleted]
[deleted]
Idk if these are  🌈 🐻 if they all have skin in the game. Even people that are long think there is going to be a dip next week
Proof your a physicist and a patent attorney u fkn troll idgaf if it's a corner of a name tag or a bio
it’s about energy retard. you’re such a vibrant in their life and they want to reciprocate that.

take everything negative you perceive and release it
My god he must be deepfuckingvalue
bro please listen to me. please. please please please. okay u get it now, 3/19 $22 VALE call will easily triple for u bro
lmao at anyone that thinks the market gives a shit about 🥭 or parler. Nobody fucking cares anymore.
😗
How do u change Ite
You are a true retard for not opening your open shop with $2m+.

Now, come fix the wiring on my washer.
Bc that’s how the market is ....this is the way
Doesn’t everyone here want corporations to succeed? Except the 🏳️‍🌈🐻
Woah very very true. Gramps was a wise and vaguely wealthy man I bet.
This is not the shitpost we need, this is the shitpost we deserve
This is the way
😘
Very stonks
F
By happy you mean 🌈
Did you just go for the longest dated options available? And were they way OTM at the time of purchase?
If you’re okay with having a stop loss, then you should be okay with having these shares be called away with crazy premiums and bigger profits due to it reaching your strike.
Someone give me a goodnight smooch.
Whats milk? White colored cow water?
Are you on crack bro? Come on just biologically we aren’t wired to treat ugly people the same. We can barely handle racism as it is and they’ve proven that that’s not biological
I don't get the comparison with racism because that's really an apple and orange thing, but I do see the point you're trying to make and I think it's valid.
Ok inbred
Yea bro get these ingress outta here
[deleted]
You guys have life savings?
Sounds unbearable.  You just mooch off people and pretend it's ok because you're "charming"?
Bullish!!
Yoinka
This just shows who the real tards are
Just checked the QCOM rocket has been gone for a while. Don't believe everything posted on WSB. Do your own research and make your own choices.
BB (Blackberry) would be my recommendation. I'm actually planning on playing with them this coming week. They should actually make me some money.

I'm also playing with AAPL calls I bought, also OTM. Picked them up for .09 premium, can't remember strike price though. Grabbed 5, so I'm only put 45 bucks us fees and commission if I lose.
Hey better than being on 🥭 side 

Pltr 100c
Europoor -> living in Switzerland, ah?
Extremists are aids, regardless of what end of the spectrum. People just need to chill out lol
Amzn , pulled the cord on Parler. Time to short free speech and long censorship. I've always liked China. Very strong leader
OP dont be like a drug lord who keeps going for more until theyre eventually arrested. Just take your earnings and retire
Does anyone actually keep the default subreddit style on?
Have you seen the BBC coverage? Makes what’s happening look like a violent soap opera.
Ban
Good luck at the bread line brad
yes i work here
> Yep. He’s a fucking douche

jealous? he's philanthropic af and has great goals
Ok Tsla is dead. Long live NIO. Gorgeous car

https://www.reddit.com/r/electricvehicles/comments/ktslup/nio_et7/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
We are mooning !
factavious bruh.
You gonna be crying when the bubble pops and you didn't sell... take your profits you greedy bastard..aaaaand congrats and fuk u btw
It’s also because US is printing money like crazy
I bought puts, I'm very happy.😂
GAAAAAHHHHDANGGG man... I feel that... I mean at least is not as bad as selling yours lol if your Tesla shares at $570 this year thinking it was the top. 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
https://giphy.com/gifs/adEcPFyMNEI24
I cant believe how much money I made with mara. Bought that shit late nov because of some autist yet even to this day, I have no idea what they do. I was going to read about it but just decided to sell 80% of my position instead.
Solid DD until it’s wrong!
This comment lacks self-awareness
Did that one. Never again hahaha. You learn from retarded mistakes
LOL, how expensive can health insurance be? Can't you spare $1000 per month when you have $2m + ?
A fellow swiss retard!
[deleted]
yikes
so basically, when it comes to options, you have to do your own risk to reward association based of how high your risk tolerance is?

Like lets say a couple weeks ago. I was debating on getting $60 NIO calls that seemed like a good deal, but the $70 calls looked like an even better deal !

So what you're saying is that if i had opted for the $70 call a couple weeks ago, my gains would have been off the roof because a) i bought the options much cheaper and b) if the stock keeps rising and it becomes closer to In The Money and you're very bullish, you could really hit the jackpot big time, depending on how much you laid out on the line?
Omg KLM, serieus? Ik beb wel benieuwd wat je DD is voor dit bedrijf?
does someone have a Rosetta Stone for poor talk? having trouble deciphering the above comment
check the new posts on the sub. Everyone posting about TESLA crash, MARKET crash,GME crash
Yeah they dont like that word anymore. Learned my lesson a few months back.. Stupid fat goats
Is that why his calls are printing even if he hasnt hit strike?
[deleted]
Never, have faith in Elon
[deleted]
And here I am in pain spending all my money on treatments the last 5+ years instead of being able to invest in companies I wanted to... FML
I've been dabbling in options for a month. I know the basics but how are his calls printing when he hasnt hit strike yet? IV? Is it high?
Yea knowing that I got LEAPS and I’ve still been fucked lol. It’ll make me money one day but it def hasn’t been worth all the emotional up and down bull shit. Lost 5k on 18k worth of LEAPS Friday after having what started as a really good week. Just hits you outta nowhere with this shit.
Pouring one out for our homies stuck in metal gang. Maybe the stimulus update this week will bring you back from the depths while everyone else will be doing coke in their EVs

#🍻 Positions: NIO, TSLA
Sold mine for Tesla. Not mad. ;)
lol wtf mutual funds

so anyway you're poor so gold diggers not looking for you, so you're good to go
Same. Can’t believe these last 2 weeks made me hate my own party lol. A bunch of stunads & 🤡🤡🤡
Corporations? Do you know where you are?
They are.
I haven't seen any bears in a long time. I think they're all dead
You remember that GUH kid? Yeah, he held through earnings.
Buy a house or let it ride longer. I have a good job that I don’t hate and I’m too young to retire just yet. I live in a high cost of living city.
Son, let me tell you about the telnet days of alt.sex
[removed]
They expire next week, so gamma can really start picking up if the underlying starts mooning
You know what, you have a point. You need a 37% drop in price to lose, and if it starts dipping, you could buy to close, lock in profit and sell the shares. Probably a good play. Only worry is a huge drop a la March. I just worry about a bubble burst, and not catching it in time.
next RKT/NKLA 🤡🚀
[deleted]
You can say thank you to Melvin.
okay melvin

point 3 is invalid, most of the huge put options have been confirmed to be melvin
Last time the stock dropped to oblivion before earnings. So, All in.
Maybe they listened?
Dca
Dont Matta Tesla go brrrrrrrr
We've all decided to just use the chat feature on your ex-wife's Onlyfans.
Things to look out for, Elon dieing early, an almost guaranteed market crash within 2 years.
It literally is free money, you just can't be retarded. Do it on stocks you don't mind holding, puts at prices you don't mind buying, etc. It's pretty simple and it funds all my call options, call option profits go back into shares, losses are covered by the covered call premiums.
Everything is just *insert item* flavored water.
How do you buy more than 1? RH doesn’t let you edit the ratio for debit spreads
what is "cmv" ? change my vagina?
🤑🤑🤑🤑
It's all about the gain porn screenshots.
must be tough being on the same side as the universal party and all the corporations
[deleted]
Would we have any indication from Hong Kong market tomorrow evening about nio ? I am not sure whether they are listed there .
Where can I get some grass for the old lady and her bull?
There’s this quote that my grandpa told me that has stuck with me till this day. “Money that is advertised loses half its value”.

I not only agree with it on a literal level but also every other level. Never boast about how much money you have to get women or make friends. Keep your cards close to your chest or you’ll never know who actually likes you for you or what you have.
1:100 needs to happen
Wooo monies!! Grats man!
[deleted]
Why do I browse this sub? I live in poverty and have no idea how any of this works, I guess I just like seeing people get money
You're buying at the best possible price on monday at 9:30 am 🤣🤣
Look up Sandy Monroe. His company tears down cars and sells the details to other companies. He looked at Tesla 

Comparing any ICE to any Tesla is fundamentally idiotic. Electric drivetrains + Tesla batteries go for over a million miles. EVs get >100 MPGe. Teslas are also the safest cars out there, and look good. You don't even get a front trunk with ICEs.

Edit: Toyota will be out of business before decades' end.
WD-40, or just sit in your car with the hose connected to the tailpipe for a bit
I’m a registered Republican, and those idiots are fucking nuts man. Like NUTS
Thing is, there’s lots of 🐻 still, which is what gives me lots of hope. NIO is like 99% bull
Or convince him to buy GME shares to finally trigger the squeeze
TSLA just became blue chip
Yeah, this sub is definitely better when everyone says the same fucking thing over and over.
$70
A veteran in the digital flesh.  Respect bro, but honestly, it was worse?
I’ve been looking. Finding a sensible dividend portfolio for 6% is challenging.
Lol
Na na na na na nananana
[deleted]
Bears keep saying 1700 PE too high. 

Well. Just another reason Papa Elon will do 10-1 split. 


Edit: 88 looks hell lot attractive to value investors.
\-20% would be the most bullish thing to happen to TSLA. Think a dip gets bought fast now?
Just take me out man.
Ya that's bold.  I would def roll those out and down.
OLN. Earnings 1/28. They supply ammunition producers with the chemicals they need. Prob doubles this year. I have 5/21 $30c.
you queued it? You ain't getting shit at open
I don’t know how to cook. That’s my misso’s job
Isn’t it the weekend
No
Lmfao. So many great middle school moments. One time my buddy threw a full Pringle’s can about 50ft up in the air in the cafeteria and it came down and hit some chick in the head.

Knocked her out cold and sounded like a gunshot. This was right around sandy hook I think. Everyone stampeded out out of the lunchroom and a bunch of people got injured. 

The whole table got expelled but me. Why? Because some kid testified that he had been watching me pick my nose for 5 mins and therefore knew I didn’t throw it, though he didn’t see who threw it.

I think I’d have rather been expelled.
You are retards for sure. Tsla has done three laps around the moon, two around mars including a coffee break, and now it’s heading to saturn, with a stop for an interstellar pleasure time with a martian.
Happy cake day!\~
I sold my 690C 1/8 for 1500, sold for 3400.

Would be 18K on Friday.
[deleted]
what happened
Many financial advisors are idiots...
It’s the x328 that made my po hard
lol noo one is
When you say alcoholic what are we talking like drink every day or passed out drunk 7 days a week and sometime 8 if you start early?
Only $25k and you’re worried about gold diggers? 😂
Queue that mf up on robinhood hass
You broke the number one rule.

You don't tell people about your success on the stock market. If you get rich, you keep that shit to yourself.
[deleted]
Fuck all you wannabe mods
Amazon banning parlor is the most American thing I’ve seen this week. Amazing times ahead. Must be tuff being a trumptard flake


NIO 65$ 3/15
# MODS can we get a NO 🌈🐻 mode pls
Therapy or rehab is the answer. Sounds dumb but it isnt. I drink still but no longer to avoid dealing with my emotions (which is the core of any addiction)
$QCOM to moon...🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
YOLO you say? TSLA
This is how Trump does it. Except he simply deflates certain assets.
He said: VALE $25C 6/18
Who knows man, I started off wanting to go to law school now I’m a nurse, life comes at ya fast 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
so fucking true. can no one just open a new stock exchange that is? everybody is sayin that volume would be to small. but honestly wsb alone can fund a stockexchange.
She consider put for a sec. Premarket and open red, then flip to 8% green after 10 is the play.

You heard it here first.
some trades you'll be happy you did.. not every week is easy. build a cushion then take more risk if you want
orange juice is just orange flavored sugar water

cmv
[removed]
I travelled that road all the way to cliff, hope your brakes work better than mine did.
too rich for my blood
I personally enjoy a good gold digging whore but each to his own I guess 🤷‍♂️
Covered calls at a level I won’t regret selling at seems to be the most common suggestion. I will start looking into doing it more frequently. I’ve only done it a handful of times around events that have made it really profitable and worth the risk.
Ah.... see man you can’t do that with gold & silver man. Too fucking jumpy either way
Holding would've made you money,  paper hands
I buy f a g s with my tendies everyday. Smoke a whole pack
From the sub, but not from Reddit.
[deleted]
[removed]
Did the same .. no research or DD simply by seeing this post
How come no one ever recommends anything specific?
wut market is open right now?
Markets open 24/7 now because of Buyden
uh huh.
You might make something but know when to get out
I’ve diamond hand the fuck out of my gold and silver plays and I wish I hadn’t. I paper hand everything that ends up crushing. Fk my life.
That's a great explanation! Thank you! I've dabbled in puts like an asshole and made a little money but nothing too crazy
We only buy american 🇺🇸💀🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
[removed]
I baby handed tf out my Plug positions and am filled with fomo. Gains are gains I guess...
So does this mean he can offset any gains that may come up this year/next year and not pay taxes on them?
damn straight
Unfortunately a duplex in my area is well over $1M.  But it’s still a significant amount of money.
i personally act broke. my aim is to leverage my social currency as a man. it’s tough work but it actually pays out decently if you got a charming personality

free weed, free beer, free sex, etc
Everyone in this thread mad they didn’t buy NIO on Friday 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
All those pensioners on twitter...
So happy for you & your family. I hope the ride RC has us prepared for continues on for years to come.
:(
[deleted]
How did you do that...
Where are the gold diggers for $25k? Rate how hot they are from 1-10
NIO
assuming it's a friday...
I mean you may be a gigantic asshole in real life, we have no idea. Just don't tell the women you're seeing how much money you have? 25k in gains isn't exactly difficult to hide lmao. Do you just brag about your robinhood portfolio to everyone you meet and that's how they know to gold dig you?
Bro. Flip it and keep compounding. I started with $100 this week and now have $12k in this. Chewy is the only thing I’m watching. Let’s go!!!

https://imgur.com/gallery/3CkS76r
They banned the banner
Yup something about fed auctioning bonds or something stupid. There’s always something holding it back. Then as soon as that something is out of the way a new thing pops up. I’m ready to be out but I’ve waited so long I can’t give up yet.
Yes
did you call someone a fat goat? i got banned for 3 days doing that.
🤲🏻💎 until I die!!!
there is
Imagine the news story of that happened now
Holding gains is harder than entering a position for sure.
Just dropped $1000 into NIO $70 Call 1/15. Am I fucked?
Wait, you're actually worried google and apple are gonna shut out facebook?
He didn't fall, he did a swan dive and belly flopped into a pool of autism.

He did it to himself lol
Leave your dog alone man
T H C 🐝
that dont exist
I bought and sold X calls same day last week for like +3% gain. They went on to do +153% by end of week. I hate when I do that shit. But yea all steel plays looking strong.
Generally if it’s closer to the money the premium would go up more, but also that premium is higher since it’s closer so he took more of a risk. But yea: if he bought a cheap 1k call instead of 900, he’d pay less and get less of a gain
Monday
Doing the good lord's work
God I hate dumb people. The 1st amendment protects you from the government, not from businesses. There is no free speech on twitter. The concept doesn't exist. There are terms and conditions that they set and can change on a whim.
[removed]
I usually pretended to tie my shoes when this would happen...
Getting wine drunk, doing blow next to my passed out wife, watching insanely bad movies. Just knocked out Men At Work (1990) and that was a fucking gem.
[deleted]
You like that robot ass
I miss those good ole dqys
[removed]
[deleted]
NAH.  LIKE PEOPLE MENTIONED, THE PLANE WAS OLD.  IF THE STOCK IS DOWN, IT WOULD BE UNRELATED.
Oh my bad im retarded
There more to lose too bubba
Since Donald Trump is banned from twitter and Facebook he should just start is own account on reddit. Then he can find WSB and we can convince him to buy weeklies before earnings.
I literally LOL at this
Price target?
PLTR 🚀🚀🚀
was about 60:40 in stocks:options but now it’s a 30:70 lean 😨
Oh
[removed]
Ban this guy, anti palantir is bannable offense boomer.
This boi lost. But he will find his way here eventually
I didn't know what parler was before yesterday still don't. But honestly I'd like to be a fly on the wall watching 🥭 throw a tantrum because every FAANG ceos ganged up on him.
It’s not enough for me to retire. I live in a high cost of living city and don’t want to move because of family. But, it’s a significant amount of money that can definitely make my life easier.
It was the greatest!  I still disconnect for weeks at a time, but since I started trading I haven't been able to look away.  

Also, I don't do social media, skipped it all other than a dormant facebook account and WSB; the gateway into the minds of the most glorious retards ever assembled.
Bruh 🤣🤣 why you gotta do my mans like that 🤡
I did it
I have 2 Reddit accounts, one for trading and one for everything else.

Except I have r/rachelcook and r/Victoriajustice on my trading account.  Nice to see some sweet ass while scanning you degenerates and your posts.
What is going on around here this weekend?!

It's like someone forgot to lock the lid of the garbage cans and all the 🌈🐻 are coming to my yard.
I am a never seller of Tesla, but I would still sell 1.3 millions and pay the tax to keep around 1 mil.

You might be leaving triple the money on the table for sure, but investing is about trade offs and at this point you are trading off maybe 5 potential million vs being set for life as long as you invest the 1 million responsibly.
Same
what i was thinking..
Though tesla's end goal is to be a battery company.
r/conspiracy is
omg, this.  so much this.
Love how silver grinds up for two weeks and then gives it all back plus some in one session ❤️
Say it ain't so
I will not go
Turn the lights off
Carry me home
[deleted]
Noob here who never messed around with options, but doing my thorough DD as of the past few months so far and here's my question to you.

When you buy a call, let's say TSLA for example

if he bought a $900 call instead of the $1000 one, would his gains be even bigger because TSLA is close to the $900 stock price range?

How does multipliers and % gains return work.
[deleted]
how come?
uhmm tesla?
I don’t know how some of y’all day trade and make consistent money. Seems like there’s way more to be had when you hold overnight
And boomers don't do 1000% yearly returns 🤣
Automod won’t let me. I went through this last weekend lol. Idk if it knows I’m a repeat offender or what but it grabs the comment as soon as it posts
My dong is too big too & my girl scared...
Yes but aren’t the odds of it going to $1,000 more likely than $100.  A significantly bad event would have to happen for it to drop to $100 (Elon arrested, financial fraud, etc..) where right now if Elon farts in the right direction the stock goes up 5%!
Yea its good to have something to look forward to every weekday
This is the way.
It’s okay. At least you made money. I sat out like a pussy 🤡
Im guessing BA is tanking tomorrow
it's not black and white

it's not like you have no control, but it's also not like you have total control over everything

it's grey. some things you can control, other things you can't. focus on what you can control

also, work on your limiting beliefs. if you believe you're destined to spiral down throughout life, it'll become true

your beliefs become your thoughts, which become words and language you tell yourself, which become actions that confirm those beliefs

change your beliefs, change your life
😂😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
Uberkikz11 is the you lol
[deleted]
Remove the spaces. I dare you 😤
like mcwendy's would care.  someone's gotta cook the tendies for us.
fully manipulated..no idea why it dumped
I mean if it goes up you’re making $32k. If it goes down you can break even up to -30%. If I’m not calculating it right please help me
The fact that [Insert any car company] is still allowed to manufacture cars is fucking criminal. Why aren’t more people outraged at this shit
[deleted]
Fuck crm. Lost 1500 on 12/31 calls
Anyone know of any good low cost solar stocks that could blow up now that there is a Democratic President and Congress?
Trust me flat is good considering this shitty year. they just took on a lot more risk and got lucky. a lot of people (incl. myself) blew up their accounts this year and a lot more are simply struggling financially in any case. so count your 6 figures blessing, dont be greedy and yes don't victimize yourself. just figure out what you could have done better and implement it next time.
He’s not a billionaire.  He’s a trillionaire
Bought gme at 4.59 and 4.97 then found stocktwits and you and dfv gave me and my mom confidence to buy more and more and more lmao... My family has 31k+ now just shares over 200k unreliazed gains..... So ty and God bless
What are the strikes for each option?
Tesla differential is the battery though. Nothing comes close to their battery performance. 

Mustang Mach-E top battery range is about 300 miles, still \~20 miles less than the lowest Tesla range (320mi on Model 3). Model S Plaid can reach 500+ miles on a single battery cycle. Aside the recharging capabilities, which Tesla has years ahead others.
It will work in some countries and areas with larger rental demographics. Landlords may not want to put in a charger... So now you can't own an EV?  Also think about power infrastructure, some places just won't be able to handle the demand. And last but not least consider neighborhoods where housing is dense and parking is public, such as street level only.
plot twist: dollar goes up
na FB is too big
I have no idea what kind of fucked up life experiences it takes to lead someone to desire to teach middle school children anything
Yes, he's got a major holding in GME at 4.26% (2.75 million shares), that's why he's back for the sequel.

Learn to read, ffs
Mango: "I MADE YOU"
Very long didn’t read but gotta get that internal locus of control mentality bro
Tbh if you have over 6 figures you're doing something right
TLDR: He sucks at everything no matter how hard I try. He blames fate for it and wants to know if anyone thinks this happens to them.
No, because Tesla is currently the 5th highest market cap on S&P500. Amazon in 1999 was maybe in the top 100? Then proceeded to drop 90% during the dotcom bubble because....Amazon was in a bubble.
Didn’t this asshole say he’d invest a million dollars into this most upvoted stock then never followed up?
During the weekend we are all one big family. In 24h 🐻 will know they are about to get fucked again.
Appreciate the recommendations!
Glances at 1year chart for $tsla... Uhhh lots of ways
First parler, next is FB? If I was a FB shareholder, I'd be terrified rn.
F a g
$1600? It's going to $3000 by July!
[https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/kuaf5j/how\_do\_i\_start\_buying\_calls/](https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/comments/kuaf5j/how_do_i_start_buying_calls/) 

someone help this guy out
RH cant fill any of my spreads, unless they fixed it recently.
I remember one day years ago at school this little fat kid threw a compass near the teachers desk. The teacher freaked out cos it nearly hit her in the face. She ordered him to come up to the front of class to pick it up and then, as he bent down to pick the compass up, in front of absolutely everybody, he let the biggest fart rip right in the teachers face.

Was absolutely hilarious I think the kid is still in detention to this day.
[deleted]
As long as covid is a thing, it seems like trapping people in close quarters on a boat is a hard sell
Tiktok bans 🍊 videos. How the turntables..
Means they will need to sell a plane to replace it.  Bullish AF
GLD but buy right before the next stimulus is signed. Should go up in value if we print a shit ton of dollars.
eCommerce is scalable but car manufacturing is not nearly so
[deleted]
It’s not for me and for where I live. But, it’s also not an amount to take lightly.
Good luck bro, you will be taking in cash if you enter the right field.

I'd buy call on your earning 7 years down if I could.
[deleted]
But Godspeed brotha.... Godspeed.
It’s fuckin shit
Lol most of what you’re seeing is people not selling. No way.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/vanlago the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
If u have 6 figures just lying around to trade, then I struggle to emphasize with you
CHASE MT BRO! I got 30 contracts for $30cc 03/19 & I’m gonna keep adding prior to their earnings. All my mechanical engineer buddies told me how the companies they work for have been emailing them about how steel is super expensive right now. Plus I read the DD on here from that one autist (idk if you saw LOL) & I was sold. Yea lmao I don’t want to buy TSLA puts because I learned my lesson 🤡 plus I’ve always told myself I’ll much rather lose money to calls on TSLA than to try to short it lmao
That’s way less expensive than I thought it would be
[deleted]
What’s something you’re not allowed to say here?
Jan 15 $30 here... I’m poor and they’re some of the first contracts I bought besides GME Jan 22 $29
OP should register him so he has to go
Hey retard. Get it out of your head that this is anything but gambling.

This is not investing as much as we like to joke that it is... Don't beat yourself up over losing money like this. We're all losing money, we just post the gains.
Not enough rockets to blast off. Short QCOM
It’s got another 10% in it
Do we give awards for cake days here?
Someone with 6 figures is being a whiny bitch. You do realize that there’s thousands of people here who have blown up their entire account? Just stop being a pussy, put it in Tesla and let that shit ride. Tendie town coming.
Pretty much how any egg dish looks.

Bruh one time I cooked ground beef and eggs and swear to god that’s exactly how dog puke looks
GONNA BE SOME FUNNY LOST PORN CUMMING SOON.
how do you think MT 1/22 2022 30C leaps sound?

strike expiry changes?
Are you so fucking dense that you can't see that calling criticism of the administrations response a hoax and calling the actual virus a hoax are monumentally different?
I’m down 60% on the year. Feel blessed
Lost 5K on $SLV calls on Friday. 

Struggling frontline worker, firefighter. If anyone can help with a play, a pure YOLO to make it all back. I’d forever be grateful
I think that’s what I’ll do with half at a price point I won’t regret being called against. That seems to be the consensus.
If someone were to buy 100 shares of Tesla for $85k and sell a covered Jan 2022 call for $32k at break even price of $1250+, How can shit hit the fan?
Noob here who never messed around with options, but doing my thorough DD as of the past few months so far and here's my question to you.

When you buy a call, let's say TSLA for example

if he bought a $900 call instead of the $1000 one, would his gains be even bigger because TSLA is close to the $900 stock price range?

How does multipliers and % gains return work.
i suppose when it comes to engineering, they can copy well, but innovation they suck at, although that gap is pretty small when considering consumer goods
Can’t you pay someone to manage that shit for you?
Hey it's still 600k for you!
>Somebody sells me a $~~1400~~ bill for $860, I'm fucking buying.

"$7000" (presplit)
[deleted]
I hope you're selling puts to people
it's not aimed at the same market that Model3/Y are aiming at. They don't need to compete with Tesla at the 30-40k USD segment in China. By eating up the lunch of BMW BENZ and Audi alone will be more than enough growth for NIO. There is a strong Chinese middle class with crazy buying power rn, and they want EVs that are smart AND  luxurious not the plastic interior of Tesla. Tesla and Nio can coexist well in the Chinese market for a very long time.
Tl fucking dr
Weed
Nio is only sold in China retard
Pls txt me when its that day
Lost me at “studied abroad in Korea.” Korea does not exist. It’s either North or South. So which one is it retard?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Plug 🔌. 60 is near 💚🌝
Tableau remains critical in non-sales industries.
yup & just to give u an idea, here's the comp of TSLA & SPY the past few days in the 15m [https://imgur.com/a/EXPMCo5](https://imgur.com/a/EXPMCo5) . if we have a vol weighted market cap, TSLA would be more than AAPL & hence, has greater impact than it on the market
Do you say this because you think there is some type of karmic universe that dictates a person's success?

From here it looks like you just took 150k and threw it all into a company you believed in and held it no matter what. I wonder how many did this and failed with their company languishing.
Lol. Stay humble
[deleted]
Who fkn knows lmao. I’ve been in silver since March and that -9% was not expected. If I had to guess more downside followed by slow melt up and random +10% so nobody that isn’t already in the red gets to catch the wave up. Silver fkn sucks and idk why I keep doing this to myself.
holy fuck i dare someone to read all of this
Lmaooo. What a dumbass move too. 😂

It's not even that he got unlucky. It was jusf a braindead move.
Burry is long GME so stfu
I only have until 1/15 🥺
Icln is arkk of 2021
good. you shouldn’t want to surround yourself with people that make such shitty judgements.
No no. Don’t do that. Money don’t sleep playa!’n
seriously so cringe
Yeah bro. They even have 🍉flavor
I’m buying puts soon. Way less risky than TSLA
True, but what matters most is how big money perceived Nio Day.  I haven't seen one negative press article and most praising Nio Day....Barrons literally called it blockbuster.  IMO Nio underpromised and overdelivered by a long shot.

Lets see what big money thinks come Monday AM.
Does anyone else struggle with the feeling that things in life just aren't meant to work out for you? That one way or another, something will happen that's totally out of your control, and will inevitably end up screwing you over? 

I realize a lot of what I'm saying sounds like victim talk, but I like to think I'm thinking pretty rationally when coming to this conclusion. It seems like whatever I do, I'm never that great at it no matter how much effort I put into it. Just take trading for example. I had been investing for 3yrs prior to the March crash. Once that happened, I tried my hands at trading, but not without knowledge of the markets and familiarity with short term trading. Yet, while 95% of my trades have just been swing trades involving stocks, I'm still basically flat for the year during arguably the greatest bull run ever with an account that is over 6 figures. I have friends who didn't know what calls meant just 3 months ago making more money than me. While I'm happy for their success, it burns me on the inside that here's yet another thing that I am managing to fuck up. And this is just one example I can list. It's just kinda getting to that put where it's tough to see anything good happening to me in life because good shit literally doesn't happen to me. I'm still gonna give it my all in everything I'm doing, but a part of me is soooooooo dead on the inside and most days I'm just going thru the motions. People say to fake it until you make it, but damn man, it's tough when there's just no positive experiences to fallback on. I suppose I just need to accept it, and walk my journey in silence no matter how much I hate it. Back to work. 🍻
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The dollar’s going to be worth so much less because of this next stimulus package but whatever stonks go up lmao
🥰🥰🥰🥰
CLF was my RH free share when I joined 11 months ago LOL so that should've been my sign.
Rr is dfv rod is Uberkikz11
Please, can people stop comparing ETFs to meme stocks
But they can’t be timid.  We need a girl with the craziness of David Portnoy
Never played it. I’ll download it and stop my computer from mining lol
$420
Sounds like I’m sold! I’ll try it out this March once I come back to Texas. Unfortunately I’m in California 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Is SLX the only ETF worth looking into?
Haven’t been during this nonsense but they’re supposedly open, and most places just make you wear the mask when you walk in once you sit down I doubt they give a shit
That’s what I like to hear. I’m going to chase X MT and ICLN also. I might even buy a TSLA put. Just one though cause it’s going to expire worthless.
You are me, but you probably got a bigger peen though...🙄
190k small loan from dad?
Neither, it's an ETF.
[deleted]
Hey that’s a badge of honor round these parts you fuckin twat!
Never!
The industry I work in uses lots of steel, and the suppliers are commenting on the cost of steel increasing. Vito is telling the truth on this, as he is the godfather of steel 🚀🚀🚀🚀
It is crazy how we're playing with POST tax money, only to get taxed again as regular unearned income on short term capital gains.

Double taxation at its finest.

It is best not to think about it, otherwise it will drive you bonkers.  
I plan to play theta gang until tax time to help offset some of the tax liability with current gains.

Also, you can go on a short term payment plan (I think 120 days) or something like that with the IRS. You'll have to pay interest and penalties, but you can then have an additional 3 months to play a conservative theta gang strategy (this is what I intend to do).

The biggest robbery is that the IRS is taking away your ***compounding gains***.  
The only solace I can give you is that at least you're paying taxes *before* Biden increases the marginal tax bracket and potentially implements a financial transaction tax.  
Oh, he's also wanting to tax long term capital gains as short term, but that doesn't apply to you (yet).

Congrats on the gains man!
[removed]
Silver going up next week?
Call
It really is man. I’ve been all over the country and it’s probably too 5 meals of my life. Get the dirk if you go best $250 dollar steak I’ve ever bought
I never thought that model sounded good. My brother was interviewed by NYT concerning how bad they rip off the restaurants they deliver for. Shady AF.
This time tomorrow, it'll be 1 hour till premarket
Why do you want to delete Twitter?
fatty foods
Unless it chick fil A it will disappoint. Ackman is a boomer investor so it will be a traditional easy to value company most likely.
Meine boo
Because millions of flights are fine, and tens of thousands of airplanes make it through their entire history without crashing.
Sorry for the spam LOL but you also gotta try Vic’s & Anthony’s if you ever come down to the H again.
Do you fucks understand the total addressable market here doesn’t justify the current price? On what planet would this share growth continue at this pace
10k by 2030
Very good DD thanks
SO FUCKING STRAIGHT THAT YOU'D SUCK A COCK.
Why not clf didn't they buy mt also x got a upgrade to 28 price target
[deleted]
the stimulus applies to this year, they go off your *last year* taxes, but if you lost money this year you can apply for a tax credit, if you meet the income requirements - per my understanding... check with your cpa. 

tl;dr - we need your stimmy in the markets, i think you're good
Are you forgetting how much this sub loves TSLA lol
lol
No one seems to know , but in the long run it wont matter if it hits support at 16 momentarily. More opportunity to average down.
All tesla owners know the build quality is straight trash compared to even a 20k toyota , so I don't know where you get high quality from.
There are bets for 1/15 68c
pleasure
Thanks to Vito I feel like one of the people who bought Tesla at $60 a share rn.
Thanks bro same to you. I just checked the price & so far I can only afford 6 since the rest of my money is on Tesla calls 🤡 which by the looks of it looks like I’m going to lose it come Monday morning 🤡🤡🤡
Pros and cons. Life is definitely easier with internet. You could get away with more before everything was documented. And yeah social media is the devils semen, just avoid it (other than wsb)
Is ICLN the next PLTR or the next GME
At least IV won’t be a big issue trading 0 dte 😀
Why did you delete this comment and repost it 30 mins later lmao u got an agenda or something?
Have you ever came in a girls butthole and wondered if shit is getting into your peehole?
I concur with this, I remember checking my screen time and seeing how much mindless scrolling I was doing. Also it’s just a groupthink echo chamber to keep you addicted
In Vito we trust
Thoughts for stld? It absolutely mooned earlier last week and consolidated EOW.

I see the obvious price run up as a catalyst, but the possible TSLA partnership for their sinton factory as a possible catalyst as well.
correction following tax hike proposal
Why not clf didn't they buy my also x got an upgrade 28 price target friday
I’m selling a March $1500c but secretly I hope it ends up ITM.
Lol, him and Jordan of conquer trading are my two go to tubers. That and some Trader University on the side.
I’m bullish for NIO, don’t get me wrong. But seeing the majority of this sub hyping it up like crazy got me a little scared lol. Thankfully the majority of my basket is TSLA and MARA. Still praying for NIO, but in my experience when WSB is this hype over a stock, it doesn’t end well. Still praying and wishing for the best though!! 🚀🚀🚀
Good luck brother. I’m going for around 30 contracts I believe. Will buy them over next two weeks.
[deleted]
Still think MT going to 30-40$ by mid FEB?
wsb front page is filled with tsla gain posts, the top has to be near
If futures trades futures. I’m all in on that shit
AOC bae
Americans lose jobs and the rich get to pay to support them
I want to delete twitter but don’t know of a similar source for alternative real time news. I guess peeps here post and then repost 48x when important stuff hits.
Same here.  Fear drove me to sell green positions rather than cutting losses.  That's been my greatest lesson.  Also, I could've made 20-50 percent easily, had I just stuck to shares but I found WSB and the rest, as they say, is history.  I hope you have learned some valuable lessons, and have time on your side.  What are you holding going into Monday?  I got some QS calls that I will probably sell at a loss, or hang on if support remains as it was on Friday.
I don't feel bad actually. Shit like this leaves you with numb.
That's why you do it on the day it goes down so you don't lose money
It’s funny. I haven’t thought about it before. But I don’t know a single 12-15 year old. So I guess I’ll have to take your word for it.
Sell covered calls against those shares!!!
Thx anal god 😂
Just move for real and stay for atleast 1-2 years after. That this kind of saving it worth taking a 2 years vacation in Dallas.
Yeah I am back, very slowly
I’m going in with you Monday morning. Your DD has convinced me. 😤💎🤲🏻
And 50% OTM
Warm Milk, Most scented oils/salts, a tea that isn’t caffeinated, pet a dog, go for a quick walk, look away from a screen for an hour.
I... am.. the liquor!
Fuck the censorship man. Like for real. They ain't hurting anyone anymore than any other group.
Imagine having 157k to put into the stock market
Many brave men have been wiped out shorting Tesla any day 😀
I've seen tranny's that I would smash. Like seriously fine bitches. I mean I would be basically gay not to smash.
your problem is with social media, not the internet. delete social medias, keep internet
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Pussy Cocaine               ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCbuBUMMnW8) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCbuBUMMnW8)⠀►►⠀ 3:06 / 4:40 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
[deleted]
Rule # 1

always pull out of 500% gains

Rule # 2

never disrespect 500% gains

Rule # 3 

follow rules 1 and 2
Yeah I doubt they have anywhere near the safety regulations we do, but I’ve never been so who knows
[deleted]
$OLN is going to be a banger. They supply chemicals to ammunition producers. Earnings 1/28. I feel really good about it. 5/21 $30 is what I’m going with.
i don’t know how to day trade. i usually just buy a position, start shitposting on wsb and stare at it going up and down.
Lol
A cute girl would make a ton of cash without showing her tities
i got around 7,000 shares. you are a crazy mofo and i like it. PLTR to the moon!
Sounds good to me!
[removed]
62
yea , if I was OP, I would just buy couple of house
Went from 22k to 55k to 118k aaaaaand then I didn’t pull out ;)
*Pokimane flashbacks*
Let me explain. Its called gambling. Shit like this is a fantasy. If tsla didn't move or went down his 500 would begin to melt as away as every minute goes by.
Netflix is not a platform company. What are you on about?
It’s a simple question. I didn’t say or imply it being bad or good.
Isn't there tax from rolling?
[deleted]
Thoughts on PDD? I'm super bullish on both. Also considering HUYA as well if they succeed to merge with DOYU.
$88 time traveling money
Sell now. DO NOT GET GREED OR YOU WILL WIND UP LIKE THE REST OF US
Also... do you have to wear your chin diaper (mask) in here?...
I don’t know how you played this so well. This is the shit that you say “if only I had...” I was looking at the same calls back during that time and decided Tesla was not going to have the meteoric rise in the next 1-2 years. You did this AND you dumped 190k, everything, into it... are you a time traveler, extremely lucky, or a genius?
Okay, I'll do it. I'll die if I don't. PM me
r/ihavesex
most likely
And giant hands lol
I feel like there is huge untapped potential in stonk livestreaming. Imagine a cute anime vtuber trading options live.
ARKG shares 5 years
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
My family and I will take 30k please my good sir!
He do be dead
Nio 60$ call 1/22 ? Or drop a rack in shares ?
my boy got a 6’9” wingspan tho
This sub will
Be such a different place same
Time
Tomorrow 😂
Iirc his post was something asking about how should he yolo 1 million and a bunch of people gave him terrible advice on purpose.   Eventually the post got deleted, I think it was mod removed but really didn't follow it too close.
TSLA 0DTE puts on the day it goes down
[deleted]
You need to pay quarterly but yes.
lol makes him more of a turd legend if so
[deleted]
I didn’t think it would happen, but I see NIO popping at least 20% on Monday if futures are green tomorrow
They sell to keep it under 10-11% of its total fund holding. Crazy how you take them selling as a bad thing.
No but my Dallas college buddies always talk about it. Is it 11 out 10?
SRPT will rise again. No way a company this big stays down, they’re gonna find something wrong with their testing method or some shit to save face and watch it bounce
Have $50k. Any 10 bagger recommendation?
Jesus, $156k investment. Can’t even fathom
You’re essentially betting it’ll 100% go your way in five days. Your option contract has two parts, extrinsic (time, volatility, etc) and intrinsic value (how close to the money or far into the money it is). Theta decay increases A LOT on weeklies so that will mean it has to move a decent amount for you to make any money. Example: I buy weekly 900 dollar call on TSLA and lets say its for 500 dollars (for sake of the argument). It expires on Friday and its currently at 880. As Friday approaches its extrinsic value (the time portion of the option contract) gets less and less valuable. If by Friday it doesn’t move, I’ll gain no intrinsic value and lose extrinsic value. If it reaches my strike price exactly, I’ll lose the extrinsic value (the premium). If it reaches my strike price before Friday but doesnt surpass it, I still might not make money because of option decay. Idk. Its complicated but essentially you want it to move your way as quickly as possible. If it doesnt youll lose a lot of the extrinsic value fast and even if it moves your way if it doesnt move enough youll still lose. Thing is though, these contracts are cheap enough to take that risk. Because if a stock has a 5%-10% day you get deep ITM and gain A LOT. If by Friday TSLA is at 930, you made 3000 dollars minus the 500 dollar premium you paid (because its 30 dollars past ur strike price). You can make money even if it doesnt pass the strike but it has to occur quickly after u buy the contract (1-2 days after u buy it). Anyways yea. Essentially buying weeklies implies you believe itll move ur way quickly so u can quickly exit the trade while retaining as much extrinsic value as possible
[deleted]
ight, 2-3 monthlies usually do the trick, q1 looks promising with upcoming earnings but after that it’s no mans land
Mate. Just put 1k in VALE. I’m new to investing. Hopefully I’ll be a millionaire by March.
F
What an awesome group of people
Nio Monday EOD predictions ?
Do dry january with me
Yeah that might be the case especially with it dipping Thursday and Friday. I had hella hope on Wednesday
133-138
LMAO I’m dead 🤣🤡. Fair enough bro.
are you me???
Thank god
$CMC
You’re mistaking the . with ,

GME to $69,420
[removed]
lol I sold all my TSLA shares after seeing retards here talk about how Elon appearing on JRE for the second time will tank the stock. That was May 2020 when the stock was $160
[removed]
Look up Rajon Rondo baby hands
no one was wlling to sell below VWAP after hours. it aint gonna happen
Considering all my money will be in these plays if they lose I won’t have shit to send you bro.
Interesting. I’ll be there this summer God willingly. I’ll try it out & get back at you.
I yoloed my all pennies into $850 calls and made 7k this weekend.

Was gonna double yolo my account again for Sept $900 calls. Maybe a little more OTM?

Perhaps I should wait for the dip? Hmm.
Why do you say that?
Not rich yet. Options all the way.
[deleted]
You ever go to nick & sam’s in Dallas? 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Get you some real Kobe at 212 steakhouse.  Only restaurant on the east coast that serves authentic Kobe.
Dude was so cool. Paraphrasing "She does not want you to hold it up because she is uhhhh fat" Absolutely epic
Looks like someone puked on a bunch of leaves.
Price prediction for AAPL next week building up to earnings?
IQ is not a competitor and it's much smaller than BILI.
But what if TSLA quadruples? 4 million in missed gains!
The nio train is just fuelling up buddy. 2021 is going to be 🚀🚀🚀🚀 but ain't no harm is checking out QCOM.. because more tendies 🙏
Every week I pick 5-10 plays. Then I end up buying 3-7 or something and it never fails the ones I didn’t end up playing do the best.
They move their $$ oversees & smaller corporations get screwed
[deleted]
People buying puts on Tsla must hate money
Pretty sure you bought these after Friday’s run up.
I've got a new problem other than paper hands...

Instead of taking major positions on what I thought I was confident on, I buy like a single option or just a few shares. Tiny hands!
2.6mm enough to retire? Lol no.
[removed]
We have a vaccine bro get your facts straight
You just went straight for the juggolos
and then everybody clapped
yeah.. its called buying the dip hence wont fail
what happens to the market when we tax the corporations?
PBW>ICLN
Tonight’s gf: Breanne Benson
Yeah porterhouse, start with the sliced tomatoes and a Caesar 👍🏻 add the potatoes, unless you wanna take the train down here to philly and go to butcher and singer
July 7th 2020- I purchase 6500 shares of Mara average .85c $5,525 total. 

July 27th 2020- I sell 6500 shares for $1.37 average $8,905 and feel pretty good about it. 

Jan 10th 2021- everyone talking about MARA in daily chat I bet it hit $2-$3 let me go check it out....$28.68 my position would be worth $186,420. I am not ok.
🍆💦💦
I appreciate the advice! Hopefully I can get to where some of you guys are.
Love this movie. I’m genuinely shocked at how many people haven’t seen it.  Gator don’t play no shit!
It's way better after the internet. Just stay off social media and 24/7 news
What's a dad?
My first long term relationship was basically a Mexican Brittany Spears and she was the prom queen. She would give me blowjobs everyday and let me ass fuck her whenever I wanted. She was also my neighbor. My last girlfriend just as attractive and would surprise me in the morning with blowjobs and cowgirl sex. She would dress really slutty for me and we would fuck porn style. I think I've had it pretty good. 

I've had one night stands from countless girls celebrating stuff when I was bartending. I basically am so straight forward that I exhaust every option until something pans out.
I feel like I’d lose contact with a lot of friends
Now kiss me.
Sex
[deleted]
In software.
HAHAHAHAHA. Yessir!!! If you ever find yourself in Austin, Tx try out this bbq joint called “Blacks bbq”
No it’s Niki Minaj
Use that gain as collateral and take out a massive loan for more TSLA. If you lose it all, you won't have to pay taxes on it, thus saving you money in the long run.
Reading this thread this weekend, goddamn retards bragging about their paper hands left and right from their mom's/wife's boyfriends basement. Grow some balls shitstains.

Positions: TSLA 1/15 $1,020c and $1,130c



🤡
Lmfao
humans are trash tbh. they spread disease and are fucking lazy and expensive as workers 

im so excited for everything to be automated

robots cant unionize, cant get covid, and will work 24/7
June 2019
But do you have an invite?  I’m halfway there...
Mostly tech and finance stocks. I have  another fairly good hit from my software company’s IPO as well. It’s hard a work but I’ve been very fortunate too.
Because they have no choice. Boeing only has one real competitor: Airbus
I have mixed feelings about mondays now. Before I would hate it but now that I've started trading I have a love hate relationship with it
Steak 48 is where it’s at. ToT is fire too
What ended up happening? It was before my time
Weird flex but okay?
Because Indonesia has the worst global history of flight than any country. It was a 30 yr old plane.
THE BEST TRUST ME!
🚀🚀🚀*
BILI is a rocketship. Ignore the haters OP. The fact that everyone here is bearish when they were jerking off IQ a few years back tells you everything you need to know.
[deleted]
Same. Used to be pretty depressed about this idea. Refused to get social media out of principle until college. Now I’m addicted to social media. Go figure. 

I actually really miss the days when I had no socials. I once fished the entire length of this creek near my house. Took me the whole summer. Now I just go on IG and scroll through endless pics of ass I’ll never see irl.
!remindme 6 months
alcohol

(also warm milk)
[deleted]
Rum
Bleach
Geez making almost more than triple in a day than what I make in a year at my job.

Congrats and fuck you
[removed]
And I'm here happy I made $100 in one year so I'll have some extra money in case of emergency
What can you fuckers cook at home that’s good?


[Salmon Eggs Benedict & Spinach](https://imgur.com/gallery/xoZrM1Y)
Sienna West
Is she single?  If not I’ll fight your dad for her
All the people who want to take advantage of EV subsidies
ICLN gang acknowledges its second place finish to Tesla gang, yet we also stand tall
Pre-WSB I was a salad bar only kinda fella; Post-WSB I’m a tomahawk steak guy every time
If you say so.

Trading can supplement your income but it can also do the opposite 

Two best tools in trading: self discipline and self awareness
Hmm interesting. So if I invest into all this & lose my money you got me? 🤡 cashapp: $JP901205
let's hear the details
Im still bagholding mgni. I was told by wsb that it would be next trade desk
[deleted]
What are your under rated renewables/ev plays as we move to potential 3-4 trillion stimmy from Biden? I’ve played gevo a few times but missed out on blink. Fcel looks cheap at its current price too, was just wondering what others are thinking about.
Looks good, I’ll have to try the tomahawk when I’m down there
Alright I believe you man, like I said hope it doesn't.
Tesla is highly leveraged aswell. 75% of their EV is debt
what's the correlation between the vanguard broker and VTI anyways? and is the broker any good?
Poor holiday sales are already priced in, otherwise these shares wouldn't be under $20 right now.
Well how did you learn?
If I wasted the time doing it you bet your ass I would. 😎
Boomers speaking about any stocks makes it automaticity drop so I’ve come to the conclusion when a boomer on cnbc reports on a stock it means the top is in.
Weird, saw it in a video interview with him. Maybe the 98 millions is before expenses
[deleted]
White people smh
What's your total net worth? People will stop giving advice if you have like 3 million total and this is just 2 mil of it, but that doesn't sound like it's the case.
And I will carve a bathtub out of a solid diamond
The fact that Boeing is still allowed to manufacture planes is fucking criminal. Why aren’t more people outraged at this shit
Gotta get dat porterhouse
You’ve been? No way...
most momma's outta qualify for sainthood
Anything beats the oil/ gas industry man.
I’ll second this...Taste of Texas is fire
[deleted]
What day in April?
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta
Take a shit without using your phone. Then let me know what you think.
That’s pretty crazy to think about now. I don’t think I could go back.
honestly, just buy shares
[deleted]
Anything can happen... but dam that would be such an upset 😭
I would probably be way healthier/less retarded
No such thing as bad publicity!
[deleted]
It’s all about how much you care about you social image. Easy to stop
Where do you find them?
It's only 55k

and OP is rich AF anyways and his girlfriend or whatever is a doctor, i recall.

a loss so small, even he would barely notice
Bro, master bedroom isn’t even allowed anymore
Man, I drove truck for a whole lotta years.  You aren't going to convince me on this one.  There's been talk about that shit forever.
Bold to assume we can read anything longer than 2 sentences
Come to Houston, Tx & try Taste of Texas. You won’t regret it. If you don’t like it I’ll pay for your meal lol. Just send me your cash app.
Not easy money until you cash out the gains you autist.
With trading you will be working a lot more
Where I live and after taxes unfortunately that’s not going to equal retirement. But it’s definitely a head start!
Keep in mind you still need to pay 25% tax after a 30% drop.
Pull it
2/19 $120c currently rolling monthlies on it, TAN and MSOS for my calls
Pull it
All of the options I had selected did 100% or more on these. Idc where the tendies come from.
Are they open? What do you recommend?
pics of your mom or ban
FUCK YOU PETER! FUCK YOU PETER! FUCK YOU PETER!🌈🤡
Congrats
I've had a really hard time keeping up with all of the different seasons. I guess the main issue is keeping them in chronological order. Discovery+ pisses me off because they will play episodes of the same sub-series in a row and switch the order up. I was waiting for Zeid to get off the plane last night and the episode ended. Then it follows up with the episode that aired before that one. I think if I streamed it it would work out better.
Normally I wouldn't really care if one particular stock implodes. I am long TSLA but I have been narrowing my stop loss threshold in anticipation for a dump.

The problem is that TSLA is in so many ETFs now it will almost certainly cause a panic if it were to implode.
Facebook?
Fuck man! 80!? Let me think.... ahhhh fuck it I don’t mind
Agreed. It is dumb now. Like anything else in the world it’s being neutered in the name of progress
>GM shares drop.

And deservedly so. GM is only seriously doing it now because they see Tesla succeeding in it. GM does it solely for the money and nothing else. Elon of Tesla does this to elevate mankind to the next level. Tesla is constantly innovating, whereas GM is like blackberry.
definitely not here
22 and debt free, I'm just trying to supplement my income so I dont have to work 14 hours 7 days a week anymore
You can always roll those winnings into reasonably priced stocks. Hell even stocks that haven’t recovered fully. Just something that isn’t going to cost you an arm and a leg if it crashes.
Peter Lugers is the only correct answer to this question
Why not buy lithium companies like LAC, PLL instead. Important for batteries.
[deleted]
Were you the type of guy to be like “Hey Ms. you forgot to pick up the homework...” In HS?
You know you've made it when you're not calling lambo dealers, but the lambo dealers are calling you.
No it’s patrick
Watch TSLA open completely flat -0.5 %
[deleted]
How are we not at the top??!!
My mom said she doesn’t care if I’m a stoner and an alcoholic as long as I graduate college. 

I’m graduating college after this next semester in my 5th year in Cpts and I’ve been an alcoholic and stoner since I started college.

Calls on my mom. Btw people have told me my mom is a milf so feel free
Yeah I’m kick myself for not buying it last Friday.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [MC Eiht - Compton Zoo       ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3QgnZubn84) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3QgnZubn84)⠀►►⠀ 2:06 / 3:10 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
SAME This is def my new addiction
Favorite steakhouses in NYC? Tried Mastro’s the other day.
It's only 50k
The guy who did it died shortly after.
It’s AI retard
Yahoo actually isn’t awful, gives you a breakdown of what’s going on then you can cross reference everything yourself
Nvda supplies autonomous driving platform; Qcom supplies 5G platform.
Alexa play MC Eiht Compton Zoo
*stonks
You can sign up on their website for a daily email with all their trades
The ones I have that aren’t already all over here are OLN CRM NVDA IPOE MAC probably going to play them all so I don’t fk myself.
Didn't all those rule changes bother you? The difference in cars adds up to less excitement for me overall. F1 is dangerous yeah but also hella stupid :(
short it then retard
I’ve lost 20k on Tesla calls back in September 2020!!!
Is cash app doing good?
regularly
FDs are weekly options. They have a high likely hood of becoming worthless and a small chance of gaining 10000%+ in a day. Super rare though
what in the fuck
[deleted]
Maybe that's why "Michul" chose her. His ultimate goal always seemed to be getting to the US to meet Donald
[deleted]
So what's your short position?

I'm holding an 870p and some 860/870 credit call spreads. Put your money where your mouth is, you see the exponential run up, short it.
How do you track ARKK activity?
I drink so much I start playing nirvana & start playing with a gun.
Just don't pay anyone to learn about investing.  There's plenty of free sources that won't give you bad advice.
Well if you buy, volume goes up
They haven't made one yet
It wasnt trash. Like it was kinda cheesy but think if that Rick and Morty simulation episode. It wont change your view on anything but it was a good watch (I was drunk tho so idk)
What exp date/strike you thinking? 
Right now I have (1) $129 4/16 of AKRG and 
(2)$42 7/16 for ICLN
Public filings like 10ks and 10Qs

And listen to the most recent earnings call. Then look up general info on industry trends and how company performance compares (are they in line or worse or better than the industry?)
their own investor relations for bull argument. r/stocks for bear argument

wsb for retards
Ask barrons

NIO Day Was A Blockbuster. Here’s What the Chinese Auto Maker Revealed
[deleted]
Cant agree with that
Dear Jack Ma, I wrote you but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
The people bitching about Tesla are worse than any littering of hype within the discussion thread or front page. 

Christ just don’t fucking play it. Simple. As. That. 

🤘🥴👍
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Toto - Africa (Video)       ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY)⠀►►⠀ 3:03 / 4:35 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Circling back on this. How do you feel about your forecast now? Have any fundamentals changed?
stocks only go up
Correct, he has been offered a seat at the board, he turned it down, he has since hired the same lawyer that Hestia and Permit used to get 2 seats, despite having a lower holding than RC Ventures (Ryan Cohen) has currently.

Ryan Cohen is quite accurately being described as an activist investor, he's going to cause waves.
According to BofA, the less trump tweets, the better the market performs.

We're literally going to the fucking moon 🚀 👩‍🚀 👨‍🚀🌙 hold on tight fellow austronauts
He will have enough to buy a value meal in a year with those GAINZ
Alexa play Africa
[deleted]
Puts then?
Oh shit bitch..
Basically they're options but without decay. It lets you buy shares at a strike of $11.50 per share for the most part. Trades like an actual share, volatility is still there given the leverage.
Bitter for not buying any stock I’m sure
no...??!
The question is where to set the stop loss level as the stock is so volatile and I don’t want to trigger a sell for a temporary drop.
You mean the face
I was forced to smoke meth when I was 8
Same dude. I havent been the same since then and its fucking weird.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Top is in
Found the Pontiac Aztec driver.
Don’t worry, i’m keeping her busy.
This honest might be the best good vibe weed song ever

https://youtu.be/t8N7dmar9zk
No
BRB I’ll make it quick
I'm not bashing that stock at all but here's my take on it - super low volume on the options with huge spreads on bid/ask price. Let's look at the $40 5/21 call - only 371 open interest volume on that option and it's selling for $3.55 (with a Huge spread by the way). VALE and MT are just more options friendly and the current options prices on them set them up for 5-10x potential gains if all comes to fruition.
Wait... 30k? GME TO DA MOON 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Depends how much u have in Tesla
[deleted]
Also wrong about this. There is a Truckers collective, they may not be a union but they all talk on their whatsapp hookers groups etc. and are overwhelmingly conservative.
Fuck you on about boomer? Let me enjoy my playlist of rap and classic rock like the suburban white guy i am
How to read
I went to rehab for this actually. Had a terrible cocaine addiction too. If its that bad honestly get into therapy. Its crazy how our destructive behaviors have tangible connections to trauma we endured as children
Yes because you also had sex with whoever she ate
not really
[deleted]
Which ones you got for this week? 🤡
Last time she couldn’t handle my plantain
30k worth of stuff... sure GME tO ThE MoON
Dude /r/personalfinance

Seriously, pay off debts.

But if you can afford to lose that shit... GME OTM FDs are basically lotto tickets
Hold this is going to hit $45 by the end of the week. Still a 10x play left on the table.
🚀🚀🚀
VALE and MT will take you to the moon.
[deleted]
Imagine listening to the video of your girlfriends boyfriend on a Saturday night...
Dude has covid...
People like to feel important when they predict doom and gloom shit.
[deleted]
If you stuck your dick in and out of more than one belly fat flap, then yes.
[deleted]
In ten years we’ll find out his name was actually Harinbe and not Harambe
They're already in a bunch of luxury cars (audi for instance) and are the gold standard for graphic  performance in car screens, but def bullish still considering nio's market size
Retard strength tesla will be the last to pop
Only 🅱️rypto
Thank you! Is there any decent guides that can explain this more to me as well? All the ones I've found aren't great at explanations
Why not?
So calls on Boeing....plane going down and body parts floating around is good publicity. Bullish AF!!
Step 1: don't be poor
Step 2: don't not be attractive. 

I'm still working on step 1.
Best advice is to do your homework and read about options trading. Lots of online guides. Then, get on the train.
Love after lockdown on there is pretty good too lol
You ever drink so much you don't want to live anymore?
Why does it have it a 20% rotten tomatoes rating lol. Gonna give it a shot while high tomorrow anyway cuz I'm into shit like that
Every weekend I make a list of plays for the week and every week I select the plays that net the least tendies or go negative. How is this possible? FUTU FUBO X and MARA were on last weeks list and I didn’t get to them.
Cassandra the burry tho
Nice, how far out?
Thats an infinity bagger.  0 to 15.
[deleted]
All i see if 1100 Call
Anybody here watch any of the 90DayFiance shows on Discovery+ or TLC? I used to love them on TLC early 2020. I watched with my mom last night for 4 hours ( I think it was 90Day...MoreToLove). We had a ball. Keep that in mind for a good bonding opportunity.
Hop on Warzone?
feels like I've been living in a parallel universe since 2016. someone make it stop
You forgot to mention that the Thacker mine is a 3 hour drive away from Tesla’s Gigafactory in Nevada. Gigafactory makes batteries for those that are unaware
nio doesn't get their batteries from QS...soooo
🥺 I appreciate the kind words bro.

I’m just trying to cut down on my usage for the next week or two. Got some stuff I need to focus on.
Time for another battery day
Remind me again on Monday pls.
You feel a little nervous there in early september?
Yeah actually lol. I thought it was 2012 though but still I’ll believe anything to explain the weird shit that’s happened
thats really awesome actually
[deleted]
Look into “life on the edge” book. It’s about quantum biology
[deleted]
To them no. To people with at least half a brain yes.
They still sell those?
[deleted]
[deleted]
OnlyFans
[deleted]
Whats your risk tolerance? If you want a 30% chance of tripling your money buy FD’s on one of the meme stocks (puts or calls). Otherwise just buy long dated options contracts on cheaper equities
not sure but line goes up and to the right
[removed]
ICLN gang! 🚀🚀🚀
Tell urself no, but tell ur buddies yes
No we went on a parallel universe once Kobe (RIP!) died. Covid came right after & well the rest... is history...
Need to get the exclusive weekend DLC
The truckers strike, uh huh.  Cause that's how driving truck works.  They killed all the truck driving unions years ago, meaning you're never going to get them organized to strike.  Beyond that, there's so many truck drivers that are owner ops or leasing that they'd rather not stop driving.
Maybe the UK but not countries where you can actually drive. Like Finland, Sweden & Ukraine. Tesla is king.
Hector on 6th street
Full price with escalation clause
It was the gorilla in Cincinnati
jimmy bought everything in the store, GME to the MOON https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Fg9oZk-5uA
Gimme a 100 bagger for 2021 rn
[deleted]
Then why is ARKK selling TSLA now?
wsb synth brah [https://www.swaggystocks.com/dashboard/wallstreetbets/realtime](https://www.swaggystocks.com/dashboard/wallstreetbets/realtime)
This is good news for my QS fd’s thank you for confirmation bias
The one call for $28. He took the $530/28=~19
Calls on Future
Yeah dude tried to stage his own Reichstag Fire but forgot you're not supposed to send your own supporters to do it. Now most sane people think he's nuts
Anyone here believe in the theory that we went into a parallel universe after 2008 when the Hadron Collider did its thing and slammed atoms together or whatever??? Just saw the Mandela Effect movie and it was actually not trash but reality is a fucking trip lol
Dude, have you even seen the movies lol HULK SMASH duhh
This couldn’t be more wrong
#C3
Yeah I suppose dying at 160mph is about the same as accidentally cutting a little too deep with the safety razor and bleeding on your shiny speedo
not gonna get rich on vale lift-off, but skin in the game: currently $20c 3/19 x 30 @.95
Hey bro you wanna buy me a new car or what
Ah, I now see why the socialists dislike rich people saying this. Here we have a prime example of someone falling into wealth and attributing it to moral character!
I've got like $250, anyone wanna guide a shitty new investor towards some good sources?
Nah just trolling, you’re still rich
\-Nio is looking to be a 10 bagger. Nio Day was amazing. They're using NVIDIA Orin chips, boasting a compute power 7x faster than Tesla's. They're also partnering with Qualcomm.  Their Sedan looks amazing and uses Lidar. Announced autonomous battery swaps, and they'll use solid state batteries. William Li is a genius. Nio $100+ is very much possible by eoy. 

\-QS - beaten down by a hit piece lawsuit. Their batteries have proven resilient--research/tests  revealed 1100 cycles per battery. The Seeking Alpha article's negative remarks are completely false. QS might recover back to the 80s-90s within a couple weeks.
Tickers?
I don't think schnitzer's run up is close to over, scrap prices are mooning and schnitzer us up 30% last 30 days. MT and VALE are both strong plays but so is SCHN.
Did my NIO $59 calls expire in the money this week?
TLSS
Yes, or reversal. But with all big tech making higher highs, overall market at all time highs every day, Covid helping boost amzn’s holiday shopping (black Friday, cyber Monday, Christmas), do u really think AMZN will see a huge reversal? 
I personally think earnings will the catalyst that will propel the new leg up. 
Currently sitting on the sideline for an opening
Nature is metal af
Don't for one minute think youz is better than herz you fucking retards.
Chaldeans aren't brown. We are fairly paled skin. Alot of us have blue eyes.
Tell her “sorry my tire popped I won’t be able to make it.” & stay with us. Saturday’s are for the boys!!!
!remindme January 11
Probably better for her if you stay
Marvin's Room is the top tier shit
So random numbers were placed on the dartboard right?
Isn’t this just Arrested Development?
You are my hero
You have a post about high growth themes and no cannabis etfs?
*Hits blunt*

100,000 years from now archaeologists will think we were made out of silicone since all they'll be finding is silicone and bones
I once had sex with a fat girl who I could’ve sworn was 2 girls in one. Does that count as a threesome?
Wait for real???
Elon 'and I just took their valuation personally, ya know?'
I'm sharing a concern on some chatter I've seen which is concerning. Perhaps this helps you, perhaps it's nothing. Idc.
[removed]
I also have bili calls so, guess you're good! Ha
In less time than anyone can estimate
At some price even the best company with the best business model is over valued.
Is this some investment bullshit. Gtfoh.
Hol up. What?
YOU KNOW DAMN WELL IF SHE SAID SHE WANTED THE DING A LING YOUD BE ALL FOR IT
Whats with all these garbo music requests? White kids think others will think they are cool for listenning to black music?
Apparently one of the ways the Koch brothers made a shit ton of money was by hiring scientists to run their own weather forecasting models and used the results to trade natural gas and heating oil futures
On the one side you have QE and unlimited government help. On the other you have fundamentals. I don’t know whose going to win so I’m just riding the wave lol
I brush my dogs’ teeth regularly. Dentist friend said they have better teeth than a majority of people they see.

Puts on people that don’t look after their teeth. Calls on tic tacs coz their breath smell like ass crack
Thanks and fuck you too!
Ever since Kobe (RIP) the the world has been crazy & can’t rely on “technical analysis” anymore.
[deleted]
Nobody tell him
All my life I been very deprived, 
I ain’t bought a put in years, the markets too retarded to die
Yes unless Biden bombs China or something dumb
If you go into your account, delivery support and then the order you can message door dash. Maybe you’ll get help there
Just put my first call on NIO, tempted to double it if the hype is to be believed 🧐
Weekend dow baby let’s go
F1 is pure crap honestly, 90s was fun now it's just rich kids driving in circles. If you enjoy that watch some more WWE i guess
Yeah the lizzo shit “I’m proud of my body” nah trick that shit is unhealthy. You’re not heroic for going to the lakers game in a thong and no pants.. you’re just nasty
[deleted]
WSB front page littered with TSLA again...time for it to be flat for a month.
This is the terrifying part. If he had the intellect he could’ve manipulated EVERYONE.
can you do one with NIO
Trading Tesla is not swing trading. Is pure speculation. Well done with PLUG.
I’m not even an investor but I just want to say fuck you. 
As in I want to fuck you and I want you to become my sugar daddy... please man these loans can’t pay themself
You mean it hasn't already?
Nothing gold can stay Ponyboy. Let's ride this while it lasts.
[deleted]
With all the new information, do you have a general PT/timeline for MT u/vitocorlene? I'm thinking of getting more calls on Monday but not sure if I should stick to June 30 call or grab the Jan 2022 35 call. Thanks a lot for all your constant update. I only have like 400 bucks in this and an extra 600 for Monday being a student in a 3rd world country but it's all I can afford to "invest" smartly right now  and the situation from my country regarding steel match with what you've posted so I have great faith🚀
Is Robinhood open on the weekends. I’m bored.
It's in an almost perfect upward channel. Just buy at the bottom of the channel and sell at the top. Will work until the channel is broken.
[deleted]
Naw
Barber shop skit with john mayer
This girl I’m talking to is still waiting for me to pick her up , I told her I left 20 minutes ago but I can’t stop reading posts in here
even worse, brown incel rapey vibes
I’m TIRED of seeing fat bitches posting pictures of themselves in the name of “confidence”. MAKE FAT SHAMING GREAT AGAIN
$100 EOY?
You are the terror
[deleted]
Clearly cuz she wants to lose money
You're wrong, some adclicks, say mesotheloma or however you spell is like $500/click because it could lead to a $1m+ claim with 1click. There's other similar cases.
Janes Randi groomed young boys
Literally just had the same exact thought lmaooo
[deleted]
[removed]
Bob is a man of culture I see...
Next week 🚀
Imagine how much scarier Trump would be if he was young and smart
[deleted]
this is great. pleas fly again
Should I invest?? I’m stupid as fuck so I doing understand calls, but how much should I invest?
[deleted]
Special purpose acquisition company.
Just fuck him already
Honestly the only way to know you’re not gay is by getting railed by a dude. Otherwise you’re just afraid of potentially liking it 😋
thank god, i needed some confirmation bias for my tsla 1/15 1000 calls. god speed and to the moon 🚀
🤙
congrats man you just invented click fraud?

&#x200B;

moron
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Eminem - Stan (Long Version)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOMhN-hfMtY) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOMhN-hfMtY)⠀►►⠀ 5:26 / 8:10 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
it wasn’t the driver’s fault. it was delivered in less than half an hour. the food was stale and must’ve been cooked long before I ordered. it was supposed to be crispy so pretty easy to tell.
That's the biggest problem adtech has faced all along is attribution and privacy has significantly stifled this.
Alexa play Stan
[deleted]
Well... it is official, my sleep cycle is all fucked up.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [50 Cent - Window Shopper    ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFLow5StvvU) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFLow5StvvU)⠀►►⠀ 2:32 / 3:48 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
$AI calls easy money right now
Don’t see you putting 2.5 mil on Tesla and getting 2.1 mil back in less than 2 months.
[deleted]
>life is not complicated enough? ...   I think it will reach 2 with several zeros behind it. 

So like....huh?
No guarantee it dips and then you get stuck buying back in at a higher price.
I feel much more rugged since I started investing in steel. May even get a carhartt beanie
Looks like something out of maple story...what more is there to know?
My night terror demon is getting sick of my shit. This fucker thinks he can scare me. I've had hangovers worse than him. Useless bitch can't even terrorize right.
🚀🚀🚀
I'm just sub-hopping so I don't know what those numbers mean, but you seem happy so congrats!
Trust in $ABED to supply us with tendies
Are you quoting yourself quote your wife?
Thats why I have sex with trannies. Don’t want liberals to think I’m a bigot 😝
Nah
To all the 🌈TSLA🐻

Alexa play window shopper by 50 cent
epic
A true WSBtard only cum for loss porn.
Those were just sensational headlines. I remember intel had to fulfill an order for someone but they couldn’t so they asked TSM to build it. But for the consumer chips they sell they aren’t, but they’ve hinted they might if they still can’t figure out the smaller processes.
All I want is Khalifa kush in Washington west coast
I dont think its survivor bias. I genuinely think everyones making money except for put holders. Even though I'd want to call it a bubble, Buyden wants to print more $$$. Are we just in a new system where we can't really rely on historical prices/trends? *Paradigm Shift*
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Glenn Frey - Smuggler&#39;s ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSXKyHM133c) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSXKyHM133c)⠀►►⠀ 3:46 / 5:40 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Send this man into congress!
This is more important than the first reason but very close.
Alexa play smugglers blues


Volume turnt to 11
But not until then?
I'd Cash out 75%.  Put $100K into TSLA leaps.  Diversify the rest.
[deleted]
*Spend 16 hours doing DD on the weekend*

*throw it all out the window and yolo on anything up 5% at open*
Lmao how do you think people are keeping you down. They are giving you legit advice to cash out and invest in other safer income generating investments so you don’t have to worry about tsla’s share price fluctuations anymore. The key is that you diamond handed this shit to 1.9mil dollars, and that is more than enough money to generate even more regular income (GUARANTEED) for the rest of your life. It is just the mathematically best play in terms of risk to reward and market volatility. But you do you man lmao
LMAO @ the tl;dr
Exactly this. The ARKK fund for innovation is only allowed around 10% of the portfolio to be made up of TSLA shares. Seeing how TSLA price has climbed so dramatically, it's to be expected she'd be selling to bring that percentage back down.
Always remember. Buy the rumor sell the news.
The car driving without accident is hard. Just watch current videos of it, it still makes mistakes, there are hard edge cases everywhere.
Bro actually imagine betting on the wheaten. Cloud calls 🚀🚀
Lol. I'm still not that good at option trading but I've definitely learned a lot over the past year or so. I liked this play when I first saw it, opened a position from his first post, and have been averaging in this whole time.
Mods come get this guy pls.
🧐
especially if they are all ones
I always up the tip $2 higher. Never had an issue
This is the way
**[Chaldean Catholics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaldean Catholics)**

Chaldean Catholics () (Syriac: ܟܲܠܕܵܝܵܐ ܩܲܬܘܿܠܝܼܩܵܝܵܐ‎), also known as Chaldeans (Syriac: ܟܠܕܝ̈ܐ‎ or ܟܲܠܕܵܝܹܐ, Kaldāye) or Chaldo-Assyrians or Assyro-Chaldeans, are ethnic Assyrians who adhere to the Chaldean Catholic Church, which originates from the historic Church of the East.Chaldean Catholics, while being ethnic Assyrians or Chaldo-Assyrians or Assyro-Chaldeans, are distinct from Assyrians in the sense of adherents of the Assyrian Church of the East, who are also spoken of as Assyrians.Other Christian denominations present in Iraq include the Assyrian Church of the East and the Ancient Church of the East (both of which also originate from the historic Church of the East and are now much less numerous than the Chaldean Catholic Church), the Syriac Orthodox Church and the Syriac Catholic Church. Chaldeans and Assyrians are also recognized as distinct nationalities by the Iraqi Constitution.The Chaldean Catholic community was formed in Upper Mesopotamia in the 16th and 17th centuries, arising from groups of the Church of the East who, after the schism of 1552, entered communion with the Holy See (the Catholic Church). Indigenous to the region of north Iraq, southeast Turkey and northeast Syria, many have migrated to Western countries including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Sweden and Germany. Many of them also live in Lebanon, Egypt, Palestine, Israel, Jordan, Iran, Turkey, and Georgia.

[^(About Me)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) ^- [^(Opt out)](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) ^(- OP can reply !delete to delete) ^- [^(Article of the day)](https://np.reddit.com/comments/k9hx22)

**This bot will soon be transitioning to an opt-in system. Click [here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to learn more and opt in. Moderators: [click here](https://np.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/ka4icp/opt_in_for_the_new_system/) to opt in a subreddit.**
Interesting, I'll look more into it. I think 20-25 is fair
Your first through third best ideas are likely much better than your twentieth. 

Especially if your first through third best ideas don’t include weeklies on PLTR or anything involving GME
Yeah just concerned about the leak where they missed revenue guidance
was my what you would call "celeb crush" until i found others like Bull spacman, papa elon, daddy karp, ryan cohen, and people who post good dd here
###[View link](https://redditsave.com/info?url=/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ku6eyr/who_broke_it/)


 --- 
 [**Info**](https://np.reddit.com/user/SaveVideo/comments/jv323v/info/)&#32;|&#32; [**Feedback**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Feedback for savevideo) &#32;|&#32; [**DMCA**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Kryptonh&subject=Content removal request for savevideo)&#32;|&#32;[**Donate**](https://ko-fi.com/getvideo)
Nah. Ad clicks, by themselves, aren’t expensive. Ad clicks which lead to a purchase are what advertisers pay for.
Monday will see 🚀🚀🚀
FSD will happen eventually.
So we need to crack down on speech via tech monopolies? Got it.
Same.
if you can’t tell when a man is attractive you’re just retarded

doesn’t mean u want to stick your dick in their asshole
I'm not sure what an empty threat is about the easiest thing in the world for a bunch of mindless orcs to do is. It's like being able to rebel while sitting on your ass. This is terrible news.
I read through your post. It's nice with good logic. Benchmark fund managers are not lazy, they are just dumb. They should have bought TSLA during IPO. They still don't understand Tesla. They do know some very smart people are saying Tesla will reach trillions. So they add 2% to stay neutral so they can focus on stocks they CAN understand.

Right now the situation is there are not enough shares for everybody. Tons of people want the stock.

Tesla is a company addressing climate change. Apple is a phone company, Amazon can't even beat Costco on retail. Facebook is an App. So which company should be the largest in the long run? Of course the company that addresses climate change. I will not add rockets. You get what I mean.
Nah NIO is way behind.
Chaldean

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chaldean_Catholics
Every waking moment I be thinking about stonks
Go pack go
If you cant suck a dick you’re homophobic
I don't get it, those calls are ITM. Why don't you roll them to a higher strike? That way, you would be able to lock in some of the profit and because it's a higher strike, you get more leverage. Granted, you would lock in short term taxes as well but still...

Would that be a good  strategy?
Are there any websites I can use to bet on the weather?
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/insidernews/status/1347646782659031043?s=21 0:34 

Me when I get the notification about a margin call when I took out 4 times leverage and don’t have any money to pay back robinhood.
History is quite literally constantly creating new events that are "sad" from the point of view of the loser, and that will never change
Yeah when my genital area is smashing up against a fupa pouch, that’s when I gotta ca it quits
Lmao. Just because they use tech doesn’t mean they’re a tech company. Those companies you named had no advantage in software development compared to Tesla and google. If this is the bar you set for tech companies, there’s no meaning in participating in this conversation. Why don’t you say the bodega around the corner is a real estate company since he owns a store.
We want coupons.
im just bored G relax
I love Cathie but I'm serious in saying that she looks like Caitlyn Jenner in this picture.
You guys are fucking autistic, every day, stepping it up, making sure we all get in the next big short movie, The Big Short 2: *The Mother Of All Short Squeezes* (also starring Christian Bale as Michael Burry, because Michael Burry is in this one too)
Puts on Shirley's Sandwiches
Lol what are you talking about? The batteries they presented on battery day are going to be manufactured this year by Tesla, Panasonic & LG. Shows how little you know.
Lizzo could stop a bus going 40mph like Spider-Man and she’s still posting about I’m thick lmfao bitch you’re a truck full of molasses in the middle of winter
It’s called a fivehead
🐓🚀
How’s BLI? Why does cathie keep buying it?
In all seriousness you could be right. But if you/we are thinking that then they are thinking it too.
[deleted]
no stock is up 596000% (or 6000x). even apple in 1980s til now is only \~200000%. tesla from very beginning til now is 4 to 880 which is 22000%.

i thought it was an option at first, but if it's shares then it's either fake or TD glitched out it's gain %.
No one cares about mango man rn what's tesla going to do and are my calls fucked is the real question in this nation rn
Wow so in 5 years they'll sell half the numbers of cars that Ford sold in 2017?
[deleted]
[deleted]
ARK bought a crap load of SRPT on Friday. It was 50% off from Thursday's close.
thats the mindset that makes you go broke
Man I wish I knew what the hell any of this meant. I just don’t think I’ll ever have the money nore the knowledge to remotely invest $10
 the other guys & **~~step brothers~~**
We call it a 5head
Apparently they have financials missing a year and the ceo is chamaths buddy. Chamath is good but some of these are pure pump and dumps..it’s richly valued even at $20.
[deleted]
u/savevideo
Long SNX calls? They have strong support at 70-80. Dropped from 160 to 80 since December but they should recover this year
[deleted]
RTX, NOC, LMT
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Wiz Khalifa - Promises (Offi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxJLYM9XOT4) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxJLYM9XOT4)⠀►►⠀ 2:09 / 3:14 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Here
Does anyone know who Stanthetradingman is on twitter?? I know some dumb mother fuckers but god damn is he a idiot.
I do be missing my girl rn ):
>269 is fuckinng retarded

A better investment would be to just burn that money in a 50gallon steel drum to keep yourself warm this winter.
Maybe end of week, probably end of month for sure
Alexa play promises by wiz Khalifa
Sounded pretty dope
[removed]
There's a lot of things you'd have to weigh to make that decision and each person's circumstances are different -- But you can bet your ass if you're moving from CA or NY to NV or TX and you dump a million dollars worth of stock a month after moving they're gonna audit you and come for their money lol.
He's not the lead role, but 'The Ladies Man' doesn't get nearly enough credit
[removed]
They won’t
These are empty threats by a bunch of retards. You are dealing with a bunch of mindless orcs, without their leader they will fall apart pretty quick. 

Goodbye maga tards.

If anything this is bullish, Reps going after big tech means dems now like big tech. Big tech breakup is off the table.
All these “analytical professionals”. It’s beyond me. The fact that I trust you all more than a fucking ad on Facebook should say a lot lmao. Love y’all.
feb/ march before a 2nd correction this yr
Clayton Bigsby

Trading spouses 

Among every other one mentioned here. Fuck Comedy Central for fucking his creation up
“State Dept. Moves to Ease Restrictions on Meeting With Taiwan Officials” $TSM?
Puts on you 😂
Apparently if you don’t find men attractive you’re homophobic 😔
If I look at an options profit calculator on NIO. How does one make money off a naked call for  3/19 60C if it requires holding it's \~$70 to break even?
Not sure that’s the move. Maybe soon, or for a dip. But think it still goes up
Following.
Eow
Store the dollars in the market, sell shares for dollars to buy stuff. Holding cash will eventually become riskier than holding stocks.
If I don’t print from these calls I’m having fried chicken for dinner
Who’s boots? Nazis?
I had some cash, some bonds and some boomer stocks I sold for the yolo
How was the nio day? Is it gonna pump monday?
Sir, this is a Wendy’s
30% yoy growth is pretty impressive
Their assistant(ai software is solid) 
Lower costs
Pay doctors more(higher quality) 
Biden potentially lower medicare age to 60 = more customers 

Whats your pt??
Oh god I just commented about these scammers a few minutes ago. Getting out of hand lol
No I learned diversification is for dweebs.
QCOM 1/29/21 $165 🚀
nio will go down wtf ru talkin bout? no more news left for it moon
They’re high but not all time high. This is your best chance before Biden announces trillions in stimulus
She’s disgusting
agreed, no stock is up 596000% (or 6000x). even apple in 1980s til now is only \~200000%. tesla from very beginning til now is 4 to 880 which is 22000%.

i thought it was an option at first, but if it's shares then its obviously fake.

ok maybe there is glitch in TD's p/l% cuz i do know when u trade in and out sometimes that number gets wonky. but putting it in the title means he truly believed it to be 6000x which is incorrect.
Wrong answer
[deleted]
😥
Next week
he’s obviously iraquian
Lol
[removed]
to go broke so far??!!
Oh just move States. Why didn't I think of that!1
When did it become socially acceptable for fat bitches to appropriate the term thick? Bitch you are not “thick” if you’re built like a tractor trailer
BA
[removed]
I’m dead 🤣
Long Xero
That last comment, the 5 to 15 fold increase, is the stupidest thing I have yet to read on this sub. GME is more likely to peak at exactly $420.69 than TSLA jumping to a multi-trillion dollar market cap within the next ten years
You learned that the reason you diversify is to manage risk? Not net risky gains?
Hide the money y’all! There’s poor people round lol
I’m the air tonight. Fuck that’s just hits some other worldly sensations
Doesn’t wsb get wiped out on a regular every red day? Lol
Possibly the dumbest thing I’ve ever read
Emotional connection? It’s now 200k
Hey, it sounds like you're struggling.
[deleted]
Lmao... exactly... I keep getting this fucking ad on Facebook about “the second wave” some research by a guy named Jeff Brown. He has a subscription for his “research”.
Yeah until he isn’t 🤷‍♂️
I think short term, it's probably great for these biz. But, a very scary proposition in the long term viability.
[removed]
this subreddit has changed me. when i read the word "attendee" on that email i kept thinking "a tendie" and i couldnt make sense of it
Doesn’t leave much time for Thursday stimulus pump
BIDU
Tsla puts my dude. This is the way.
This mf always looks like his beard is photoshopped onto his face 😂🤣😂
I got another 15k to go balls deep into some stocks during any dip
I might've focused too much on one year, I think they did over 80% in 2017 which already puts their average from before 2020 above SP500. Will be interesting to see how they do this year.

I think she's correct in that video. I don't know when it'll happen but it'll happen. I already have price targets for a list of stocks I want to buy. For ARKG, by first buy is in the mid 70s which will eventually hit.
its not one or the other. they can both moon.  the whole sector will moon.
No group us that organized or rich that spends time memeing about tendies
Also, they’re Californians
[removed]
God damn that Miami Vice scene with in the air tonight 😤😩
[http://letmegooglethat.com/?q=spac](http://letmegooglethat.com/?q=spac)
Bro I was so fuck’n high in hs.  Shit was lit
Nah, lockdown measures depends state by state, just fucking move state temporarily and date women there if you’re a real chad
Why not sell something 30-45 days out? You would make so much more money.
Would be nice to have Tesla as the options I'm selling, but I'm using AMD and Apple! Would that strategy still apply?
The other guys
until it does
Mods this spammer is back under a new username.  Has been spamming this comment almost verbatim all day under a different name.  I think you deleted all his other posts and might have even banned him but he's back. Maybe a bot who knows.
What’s your TSLA position for Monday?
lol I've been trying to figure out what FDs meant since I got here in November
What on gods green earth are you talking about
Yes you go click on every add. We will keep the market safe while you're on your crusade
LET THE BOY WATCH, not a movie though
dm me your cashapp
I'm not white though.
Call is you're calling the stock will hit a $$, the 6/16 is the date the option expires, and you are fucking retarded, welcome aboard 🚀🚀🚀
Thats where the tendies cookin
Wordsalad gave me a stroke trying to read 

Expect a word from my lawyer
Sell these. They’re a pure delta play
You’re absolutely right. I had shares of Tesla in 2014. I sold them for about £3000 profit. 

If I kept them they’d be worth about £500,000. 

I would NEVER have kept them this long in any circumstance. 

I had a profit target and stuck to it. There are millions of points to where they are now, where I would have sold.
More 🚀💥
Thicc ass 🐝
You sound like a rockstar candidate who works hard and plays harder.
As a fellow retard that bought vale calls Friday, Nickel is going to be in growing demand and Tesla is looking to partner with the best mining company such as vale so buy vale :)
So Puts on SPY on Jan 20?
Top Joe BUY'den stocks?
Peanut Butter & WAP
AAPL to 666??
[removed]
I don’t want to jeopardize my retirement in a third world country for a chance to retire in the US
[removed]
You generally sell 30 to 45 days out. You don't really need to micro manage too much but if you are selling options on TSLA there will be a lot of chances to buy-to-close earlier so you can restart your option.
Funded by Cambridge analytica 

Which takes privacy very very very very serious
[deleted]
Look up their actual numbers . How did you even get to the $30 pt?
Find a new hotter model.
This plus the truckers strike could really fuck the country over. Hopefully people can find middle ground.
Put a limit 150k bro it will execute at 125k
you're moms ugly .they have one of the nicest evs i've seen .  wtf is wrong with you
Ashley Schaefer is under appreciated.  100%
I feel like it doesn’t need to be taboo lol. Idk strange.
Hmm....nice recent gain for an established co.  More of a retard though.

Will open a small position in SBE....one video I saw recently the guy put a $3,000 price target in 10 years. Ha...
Kick dirt kid. No one wants to join your stupid discord. You’re only posts and comments are less than a day old and half of them have been removed.

I hope no one wishes you a happy birthday. Ever.
This is the way.
That deadass did happen though. Never flown them again. I’ll pay $60 more per ticket to not fly on bargain bin airlines these days lol.
A friend bought SNAP because he recognized the name and it was cheap. He's up more than me despite me spending all my time doing research and managing and diversifying my portfolio. Lesson learned.
ER is for $CMC yea hoping to see it pop and the whole steel team to follow
maybe spell her name right lmao jesus this screams white guy fetish
[deleted]
I was just headed over the border for french fries and gravy, sir
So they changed their name to 9m? New slogan "We have three times more m than 3m."
I remember.  It was Friday.
How do I buy calls on robinhood
[deleted]
prob yolo nio calls monday first thing :)
Okay, what's your thesis? Also what healthcare company isnt though?
wha the tits is a SPAC, I need some knowledge here.
Oh, for sure. Just being realistic about how I feel about paying for tips. I've never done it before out of principle (and because most people statistically aren't that good lol).
Worth them $30 RT tickets though, no?
[deleted]
A great honey pot for the FBI to find domestic terrorists
Eastbound and Down especially the Plums scene lmfaooooo
so in the hole
So what about this so called scammer Jeff Brown... the so called “second wave” anybody knows anything about this looney?
Are you implying it’s trading value is related to its industrial value? Because I’m skeptical
[deleted]
[removed]
Mara 🚀
profit inverted
Telsa $1k when
My mom told me that sometimes if you're fat enough your dick can actually suck IN to your body so that would actually be negative inches. Is that assumption allowed?
talking to mods is like willingly talking to the police
Stranger Than Fiction
It shows you fomo lines that will have you dropping stacks on way otm fds on tsla and nio watching your RH account tank week after week.
TrueCar Q4 report out next month, should go up a little.
plays for 100k-1mil?
[deleted]
It’s a shady ass business
[deleted]
That Neil song is 🔥🔥🔥
Furthermore, this lack of training was allowed by the FAA.
were you in all cash when march hit or did u liquidate shit and just yolo on tesla?
[deleted]
Yesssssssir🚀🚀🚀🚀
[removed]
Ew
Woah you’re real life sonny Crockett from Miami Vice. Did you have a pet alligator too?
747s don’t land bro, they nosedive into the sea
[deleted]
I left LA for Wichita, RE prices are about 1/3 of the bigger hip cities, it's awesome in the smaller cities, got your Whole Foods/Trader Joes and a nice house for 200k.
*"And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is 666."*

Apple to the moon on Monday!🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
lol they'll ban you fast as hell for disagreeing
Hey mods, can I get a "Lysol" flair pls
Is it a good idea to have native/bi-lingual level proficiency in Emoji on my LinkedIn? Or should I keep it at professional level?
I ordered once and it arrived like 2 hours and it’s fucking cold, never ordered since
Yeah all that is true.

But there are a lot of avenues of making money in a war, one of them is plunder. So even if it did cost 1/10th to get the resources from elsewhere, it plays into the profitability aspect of the war. It's a lot more enticing to go to war with a country which has resources that valuable.

Also, the cost for USA to find oil compared with the cost to spend on the war doesn't represent the whole story. Because the money being spent is public taxpayer money and the money being made is private for companies. So if the person making the decision doesn't have to put in any of their money ( because it's taxpayer money) but can stand to make tons of money through import, refinery, distribution, etc, it is in their best interest to want this war to happen even if it costs more because the initial investment is not theirs.

We all know about Cheney and Halliburton, that is applied to everything when it comes to war because it is publicly funded.
Got it. I'm in.
Hmm do tendies beget tendies? Or can I start with a very tiny egg?
The Johnny Cash cover is one of my fav Cash songs. It is great.
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/markszaidesq/status/1347948452106424322?s=21
Holy fuck bro I never noticed that, My dick would look so small compared to her foreheads
How were you able to figure out that it was 19 contracts? Is there math we can do or a way to look at past sale prices?
Yo nice
Yikes
I fly frontier frequently and you’re just being dramatic. They do delay and cancel flights at a higher than normal rate compared to non budget airlines though
I accidentally bought PFE calls itm right before vaccine announcement and luckily still made money, so I can confirm your strategy
yeah it sucks. 

can’t wait for autonomous delivery.
[deleted]
plenty of landing space for jizz
No idea at all
Rolling my nio calls monday, we moonin all year
NIO will rally all week
Congrats that's a sick return
Should’ve talked to the owner personally and sweet talk her and you’ll take care of the house or you feel emo connection to it, then she’ll give it to you for 125 k
[deleted]
And get a job!  *shakes fist*
51 mcchickens
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Phil Collins - In The Air To](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA)⠀►►⠀ 3:16 / 4:54 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
How do calls work?
[deleted]
Congrats, Vanguard PR team!!!
That's why people hate californians moving to their state.  they all overpay for shit and drive the tax rates up.
Most underrated Will Ferrell movie...go
Alexa play in the air tonight
Hey man, you got that all wrong. I ain't have sex with Katie. LYSOL had sex with Katie, I just filmeded it.
Are you Apple, Google, or Amazon? You've got no say or control over what they do
got 19x shares at $1.2 per contract. options noob here. how do you check if the IV on a given contract is too loo or too high? thank you!
[removed]
wat
Do you have any idea how much gold is used in electronics?
Late 2021?

What stocks are going to soar this year bro?
You're everywhere
Not gonna lie, I gambled half my portfolio on the first DD post and glad I did.

I really appreciate you sharing your knowledge and experience the past few weeks. It's a game changer for me.
No offense to NIO fanboiz. I’m quite disappointed with their NIO day so I’m done holding it. I’ll take the profit and go all-in in TSLA. Me go to mars baby! 🚀🚀🚀
All these pre-split target, post-split target, bull target, bear target...., life is not complicated enough?

Let's say Tesla's market cap is likely to reach $10T in 2032. Why? because I like round numbers. Float drops to 500m shares due to share buyback. Per share $20,000. Assume we don't get a short squeeze.

For me, buy and hold, then forget about it. Don't put all eggs into one basket. Have a plan, don't chase. I do have half of my eggs in one stock, which I bought pretty early. If TSLA goes to zero, my life will be fine. But I don't think TSLA will go to zero. I think it will reach 2 with several zeros behind it.

The crazy Mark Spiegel, does he understand he probably missed a 5000 bagger from bottom to top?
a dinner for your family at the Sizzler
I thought it was gonna be wickr.
Are RH users buying pipelines? Doesn't quite seem like the target audience's bag, but maybe someone on RH looked at the dividend, KNEW what a dividend is, and invested their $50 into it
Rule #1.  It’s not your money until you pull the trigger and a fully sell it.  You are over a year so it’s long term capital gains so the tax rate is the lower level.   Rule #2 - pay the tax on the capital gains and done be foolish and reinvest and not have the cash to cover the taxes.  

Pick a qty and price you would be happy and take some cash off the table IMO.  sell a covered call at the strike price and pocket the premium if the stock hits the strike price and if not you pocket that cash as a way to unload some.  However if it starts dropping past your level of tolerance sell some.   A stop loss is always a good idea. Volatility is a challenge but just put a stop loss and the OMG it dropped the that!!! Price and save a wash out.  

Tesla defies gravity.  I have been here before and when it sounds too good to be true, that usually come around some day.
Very relevant to the rampant gambling addiction in this sub lol
of course not.
Her forehead big enough for a 747 to land bro relax
plotting to kill the VP is not free speech
Your not only an idiot your neighbors are going to despise you.  Taxes are based on the value of a home.  If a house sells in the neighborhood for a much higher price than before the whole neighborhood gets higher price estimations on the next tax assessment.  If you get that house you will have fucked your neighbors and zillow will absolutely let them know what house did it.
People are writing $5 1/20/23 tsla puts lol. They’re at .15 right now

OI is 3629
Thanks!!
This is what I was looking for. Thanks!
Fuck yo couch!
MT 🚀🚀🚀🚀

6/18 $28 Calls, 1/20/23 $35 calls, right now +18% overall
I'd prefer that tbh. That would make things easy
keeping the economy going
That guy wasn't me.


"At best" means that whatever has just been mentioned is considered to be the least detrimental of all probable ramifications or outcomes of a particular event/scenario. Appending the words at best to the end of a sentence implies that you expect much more serious or damaging things to occur as a result of something.
and it will happen again. Have them cabbages at the ready to buy more!!
“AY CHAD, I HAD SEX WITH KATIE TOO”
🎼You can check out any time you like but you can never leave🎸
You own a 100 shares at 100$ and sell a covered call at 120$ strike price. If the price reaches above 120$ (let’s say 125$ for the sake of exemple) and get assigned you ou sell those shares at 120$ and still get 20% profit on your shares plus the premium you were paid for the call.
Calzones? Calorie? Calabria salami? Calendars? What the fuck is OP trying to get us to buy
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Don McLean- American Pie (wi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAsV5-Hv-7U) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAsV5-Hv-7U)⠀►►⠀ 5:48 / 8:42 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
The historical price chart says this company was once worth $6000 in the year 2000... It's really been at rock bottom for a long time.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Red Rider - Lunatic Fringe  ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqUa_G1h3pw) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqUa_G1h3pw)⠀►►⠀ 2:56 / 4:24 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
I just want to stick my dick in Rhianna. Is that too much to ask?
Alexa play American Pie
but they will need the dollars for insurance to drive one
$200 k times 2 inch pp = $69 k
my man. that's been my pick for years
RIOT at the moment but MARA recently placed an order for $178,000,000 worth of BITMAINs hardware for which they are now sold out and RIOT couldnt increase capacity even if they wanted too.
Liking the music in here tonight fellas keep it bumping 

Alexa play lunatic fringe
Because the retarded gme cult still thinks its squeezing after countless failures and red flags. The retards wouldn't shut up about some conference only to find out Cohen isn't even gonna be there😂
Too hard to pick one. Prince basketball. The N*er family.
Kik is the next cult get together group chat. Callin it now
With how much they rocketed, it's looking less and less likely they have something to show for their market cap. If they don't come up with something soon, I have a feeling one of these earning days will make Battery Day look like a consolidation fall.
“Theres one thing you should know about me Joe Rogan... I smoke rocks” LMFAOOO
Is this the mother of chikey nuggues??? THE MOON BABY I BEEN WAITJNG FOR THIS!
Is the sky blue?
Whats wrong with Vanguard?
Why do you guys keeps spamming garbage comments about parler and vaccines?
I'm gonna have to agree with Mad Real World. "He was lookin at me cross ways."
No don't worry that's just from her secret tinder account
Tony Soprano just breathed heavy he didn’t WHEEZE heavy
[deleted]
Nice! That’s $51 profit on your 1 share. Enough to buy ....
I'm going to go with $6,000 *300 + $200,000 *.25 = $1.85M
$SMEG
the hardest wood, a woman that makes me obey turns me on too the max
The problem was a lack of training. The software for the MAX was supposed to be the same for the older planes. It wasn’t. So when the automatic autocorrection took place nobody knew the procedure to disengage it.
Mine too.  Thailand or Vietnam
Far right echo chamber
The only free-speech app that exists, banned by both google and Apple.
yeah hard to talk with these nuts on her chin
5’5” 180lbs, 5.4 inches. But hey, at least you’re kinda rich.
BAN
nope the delivery was pretty fast actually and I tipped the recommended amount. the food was probably just cooked a while ago and they gave me something old.
[deleted]
its like stocks and options - you just hope that the price keeps going up after you got in.
The fruity picks part KILLS me every time lmfaooo
Tomorrow’s hype video before market open
1%
Calls on the cheese industry
Also, what’s the blessing we’re waiting for? I got some cash to throw now! Grazie vito!!
The ol’ tuna can
600k
Doesn’t seem brilliant enough to know the year
>they had a huge ~~crash~~

"discount sale" ;D
Is Wayne Brady gonna have to kill a bitch?
Exactly! Even with high liquidity thinking $30 is the max is totally nuts.
What’s Parler?
[removed]
Sounds accurate
God dammit I’m in.  Vale 25 MT 30 1/22/21?
cat's in the cradle ....
I didn't mean me but thanks anyways
Like gaming don’t get me wrong but I’m definitely not going to spend hours watching someone else play
No puts this guy on a ventilator
Cocaines a helluva drug
This isn't true.
So your entire lineage is retarded?
650p 1/15
I got rid of dashpass. They keep fucking up orders, missing items, not providing utencils, showing up hella late, etc
Yesss thank u
I will sell all my TSLA if this guy stops breathing loudly Jesus Christ
[deleted]
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/a-trip-to-the-grocery-store-ended-with-unexpected-coronavirus-vaccine-doses-for-one-dc-couple/2021/01/06/817ad2c2-5059-11eb-83e3-322644d82356_story.html
This is the type of loss porn I'm here to jack off to. King of Retards 🙏🏽
I think my girlfriend has a secret parler account based on a text from her friend that popped up. Not snooping just caught my eye when I moved her phone off the bed.

Fml
TYRONE BIGGUMS
The above (and what OP did) is buying a call. Very different from selling a call or buying a put or selling a put.
Cruz is big dumb dumb he posted porn on Twitter.  You gotta be worse than an autist in WSB for that tbh
I think you did a great job explaining this and anyone who doesn’t understand this - as simply as you’ve put it - is gonna have a bad time here. Lol.
25% might be best so you don't cut your winners too short.

And fuck you.
Charlie Murphy true Hollywood stories
Remedial math class student.
Go sell some medicine bitches 😂
“NOW IF YOULL EXCUSE ME, I GOTTA GO HOME AND PUT SOME WATER IN BUCK NASTYS MAMAS DISH” LMFAOOOOO
If that happens before May, it won’t be the top, and it certainly won’t be Goldman to make that mistake. Which is what makes this article much more intriguing.
Ima go with 1.2MM
I actually wouldnt do that with fcel.  Its shown to be able to moon some weeks and you might get your butt blown out
Higher share price and a sector that we know is only going up. It’s the same logic why smart people bet on Apple when they made the iPhone. EV’s aren’t just popular. In the next 30 years, they will most likely be required. Not to mention how important AI will become for driving. Even if the big names produce more popular EV’s in the coming years, they will slowly be eaten alive by their own business. So much infrastructure invested in ICE will become useless and have to be repurposed. Meanwhile, Tesla has already made EV their brand. Just how iPhones became what everyone saw as the smartphone.

At some point, even if Tesla didn’t make a better car, they have reached the market in a way that will keep them running for a long time without need for innovation. However, they still have a lot in the works and are far ahead in many projects that will eventually be necessary for auto-manufacturer competition.

Speculative? Yes. But it’s well-founded and the risk-reward is still in a good place.
Prince basketball game

GAME BLOUSES
Tatiana
I can't get close to anyone because of Covid you dummy. I used to smash dimes and now I'm sitting here thinking of the old days.
Wayne Brady
You're a girl
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wow you bought exactly when I bought. Except I sold at $550 pre split 😢
[removed]
If you get tested covid , you call NYC covid hotonline and city will provide free pickup, hotel and food for 10 days .
[deleted]
Ya interesting, the stock has a really tight range too, could be worth the gamble of buying shares with limited risk. Also leaps are cheap.
Out west, boonies so shit is cheap here.
Oil. Cough
Your order was sitting around waiting for a driver to pick it up probably because you didn’t want to tip very much. Your own fault.
Supposedly they were having to coach pilots on how to pass the simulations in order to get FAA clearance for the 737 max even after the software was rewritten. Seems like major management problems imo and complete lack of accountability
trumptards..good one
OIL? YALL N*****S COOKING???
bought tsla at 649, sold at 700, thank god i invested in tesla before that and held
🦠👄🦠
[https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/changes-securities-robinhood-2021/](https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/changes-securities-robinhood-2021/)

under New York registry shares
I’ve had a Tesla S since 2017.  12 year old kids gawk and ask me about it.  TSLA has a magic I’ve never seen before in anything in my lifetime.  Let’s concede the stock is over valued.  Doesn’t fucking matter.  Still a lot more buyers than sellers.  Shorts are being made homeless because they don’t get the cool factor and exponential growth.  Is the bubble going to pop?  Sure is.  But is not happening soon. Stonks go up! Rocket emojis!
The Bears play on Sunday
Yall should try ordering something on wish before investing. All I know about it are the videos where retards try to buy consoles on wish and get scammed 😂
Bought my first nio shares at 3$ damn I should have bought for every penny I have
my plan is to get more student loans, yolo Tesla FD calls, cash out, and fuck off to Australia. g'day mate
[deleted]
What do you do for a living that you can invest 100k?
Would it worth it to move primary residency before selling?
[deleted]
The I'm Rick James bitch skit

Ormaybe the reperations one
:(
Vale calls already 120% up. 12 months to go. Get in on it!
Only time I ever died was every time I’ve flown spirit or frontier

Just told this story here the other day, last time I flew frontier the pilot tapped the runway twice after failing to get off the ground. On the way back in he slammed the plane down so hard he popped a tire and the whole plane shook so hard I thought we were going to lose the wings.
If I was a short I would be shit scared of a share recall because of Ryan Cohen and try to find my exits. I think a TSLA like slow squeeze is unlikely (besides the short interest is not decreasing). Melvin/BOA will likely be the first major player to exit triggering the squeeze in the process. There were rumors about it too.

During a squeeze if I try to sell shares that have been lent out, there will be multiple recalls, wouldn't they? The shares have to come from someone who actually holds them. IMO the float is gonna lock up within a day or two from the start of the squeeze resulting in a VW like situation.

Naked shorting might be a potential issue though.
Cathie has a lot of pictures out there that are really flattering. Then again she has a lot that are not. With that said I'm marrying Cathie.
The new normal gig economy. Life is better now. Obviously.
[removed]
Black Bush
I guess it depends on the %, but LAC probably
[deleted]
Nah you're good.
Fridays dip nearly turned my entire laptop into steel
I have $6,000 for every pound I weigh. And I’m considered overweight. I also have $200k for every inch of 🍆. How much do I have?
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE, HIPPIE.
Haters ball. Hate hate hate
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [NEIL YOUNG - OLD MAN        ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An2a1_Do_fc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An2a1_Do_fc)⠀►►⠀ 2:46 / 4:09 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
>There's thousands of stonks to make money on.

But only one to rule them all!!!!
Either sell covered calls $50-100 above current trading price every week to make passive income of over 30-50k or sell all and build a dividend portfolio and make $30,000 in dividends every quarter
[deleted]
There’s really not. Indonesian pilots are notoriously undertrained. And the plane was from the 90’s, so any malfunction is due to the maintenance company.
Just do a stop loss and keep your ear to the ground for the next episode of ~~The Great American Ponzi Scheme~~
Bruh, imma get this tattooed or something
Shit he'd probs be here anyways, just minus the whole job security,at a major boomer investment bank thing.
A new false God appears
[deleted]
Nio ET7 looks way better than any Tesla car
Dang, where are you? 150k around here gets a studio in a bad neighborhood with a shared bathroom
Give it a few years.  Civil war does wonders to bring cost of living down.
Messes up the scheduling
I’m not in it either, it was just a general notice type of ping they sent out
Buy some leaps and let theta fuck you. That stock doesnt move.
That’s not how shorting works dumbass. You don’t short a cult. Telling somebody to short a growing bubble just shows how fucking retarded you are. The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent. You can only short a stock that’s already crashing.
Lmao can’t wait to see you lose all your money. Remindme! 1 month
Palantir 🚀
FUK I was looking for a security stock play on riot day! Ended up with OSIS damn! Thanks for ticker!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAl2EnGNF9k
He’s up about $21k
Yeah ur a fookin idiot
Getting in at this point would be at the top
Should be 30+
Friday January 8th I made my first $1000 day milestone. I’ve been trading for roughly 3 months and I have been loving every loss and gain since. Really enjoying learning and hopefully can make some more gains!!
I hate Tom brady man if they beat the packers ill break Tom's knees before the superbowl
I like aunt Cathie she’s not a retard bull like everyone here is
Favorite Chappelle Show skit go

I’ll start

The Mad Real World LMFAOOOOO
I did but I'm not in MT or any of the other stonks apparently because i never got the email
[deleted]
Why not sell two way tickets and pocket the money for the return fare?
[deleted]
Smarter and better than TSLA? Dumb and ban.
The only time I've ever almost died in a plane has been during landing in Kuala Lumpur on AirAsia and dude overshot the runway and had to pull up and come back around 

They can't fly for shit!
I’m surprised at BOAs price target
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [HOTEL CALIFORNIA | THE EAGLE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNyK6EcHlzM) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNyK6EcHlzM)⠀►►⠀ 4:18 / 6:27 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Curb your Cramer

**URL:** https://redd.it/ku89hi
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=ku89hi) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/jay-powell, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Wsbgal
Jaq6003
quiveringmass
ah yeah I forgot to add Maria Brink
Bout to revive the vibe in here

Alexa play Hotel California
1 mil shares covered pushed GME up $5, we’ll see how high the other 67 mil takes us
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Sell and go all in Aphria
Doesn't work like that. If you factor in Teslas expected growth rate that money reinvested could easily add another 500 billion to Teslas market cap  **🚀🚀**
What do ya'll think he web slinged into at the end?? 🤣🤣
Cathie keeps buying TAK, something is up there
I just put in an offer for a house at 150k when the original asking price is 125k am I a fucking idiot? I just dont want to lose out on this house by someone outbidding me like the last two times and the housing market is crazy that I've seen homes close in a single day.
There’s serious engineering flaws with BA planes ffs
[deleted]
got something on DASH. food arrived completely cold. tried to get help in the app and they only offered me a choice of taken a refund for half of my order in the form of a credit or no refund at all. 

what kind of shady business is this
Just a hypothetical, but should things like gold mining be illegal? It’s terrible for the environment and consumes a lot of resources for no practical output. There’s plenty of gold that has already been dug out of the ground. 

If mining was banned do you think gold would moon or would it delegitimize it as a store of value?
Fuck, marry, and then Kill cathie for the life insurance
[deleted]
 🍵 pls sir
May i have some tendies
Ya do dd
My other plays are long term for the year $MAC and $LUMN. They will both be up up 50% by June.  I have others that are not steel related and some are. Anyhow. Time will tell. Thanks for following.  BTW, there is one guy on Patreon doing this and he’s pushing a lot of penny stocks and reporting 2.14% gains.  He’s had a few 10-12%. If you’ve followed me from the beginning, you’re up, big.
Okay thank you that is much more clear. That is different then a call/put?
Anyone remember when Subway acquired Greendale Community College?
Thick but short pp eh
just answering the what are your thoughts question
Any stocks specializing in foreskin upkeep? Less and less people getting circumcised. Isn’t Hims.com going public with an SPAC?
Do you trust her?
d
[deleted]
As long as a isp will give them a Domain they should be able to figure it out. But if they are using cloud specific things like lambda function, any provider will have a lot of control . So they may need develops their own in house micro service... hard. Change Software to monolith... hard. Basically they screwed for a bit because they have to build things from scratch and migrate their database probably to their own in house server.
Fucking nerd
Ride the wave, homie. There's probably still some good money to be made there in the short term. But the volatility on c0in is real and i think we see 25-30k again before continuing on to 50+
Make Great America? No thanks dude I prefer six flags
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Travis Scott - Swang ft. Rae](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60pPFNJrMmM) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60pPFNJrMmM)⠀►►⠀ 3:30 / 5:16 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[removed]
I’ve followed him since his ODU days. He’s a starter caliber dawg.
He drank the koolaid, he doesn't think TSLA can go down! hahahaha
That movie finally makes sense now.
They let Jack Ma out of re-education camp?
[deleted]
BEAT YOUR FACE IN.

WHEN YOU WAKE UP, IT WILL BE AT LEAST MONDAY.
Hollyhood
Alexa play swang remix by travis Scott
why can’t i just be sadistic instead
[removed]
Probably still drunk from yesterday’s 6 daily bottles of wine
Toying with some long(er) calls. I've been playing TSLA and ARKK weeklies for the past few months and that's been a blast. With the zillion dollar stim Biden is proposing I'll likely buy up a few contracts again on Monday. With that said I want to buy into some contracts for summer/fall/(maybe?) next January. I won't bet against TSLA because that is just stupid. I also don't want to get my ass eaten. So I'm thinking to stay away from TSLA itself and make a longer play into ARKK some more since I'll still get some exposure with them being ~10 of holdings. Other thought is ARKG calls around the same expiration. I'm not a fan of TDOC too much (although Cathie knows better than I do) but CRSP I'm very much in to. Also ARCT's tank at the end of the year being their 5th largest holding makes it attractive. Long rant but thoughts are appreciated.

Likelies:
-TSLA 1/15 900 and/or 920c
-ARKK 1/15 150*c (Not writing decimals for this one)

Possibilities:
-ARKK 6/18 147.96c (Decimals are so fucking ugly)
-ARKG 12/17 124.21c
dirty?
just delete the app then it's their problem
Who doesn’t want to team up with the upcoming winner
Check email from RH
agreed. With all the COVID savings I see so many people/lovers/family buying the new apple watch and ipad for their loved ones... for whatever reason like fitness and doing drawings at home. this one will be good.
Well... that's where the "betting" analogy is a little off.

On Jan 6th, OP technically paid $530 for "the ability to buy 1900 shares of TSLA at $1000 per share on or before Jan 15th". This is insanely unlikely to make money because on Jan 6th TSLA was trading at only $760 per share.

Let's look at an example where TSLA hits $1100 per share on Jan 14th. Because OP bought 19 contacts back on Jan 6th, he would be able to buy 1900 shares of TSLA for $1000 per share instead of $1100 per share. If he immediately turned around and sold them, then he would make $190,000.

The problem is, that if TSLA does not reach or exceed OP's bet of $1,000 per share, then his option contract (ability to buy them at $1000 per share on or before Jan 15th) would expire worthless.

What OP did was sell his ability/position/option/19contracts. So, someone else bought that ability from him for $17,000 (the value of the option based on the volatility of the stock and other factors, like how much it had gained already in such as short time).

**Someone please correct my explanation and numbers if they are incorrect.**
usually about naked woman
you literally provide 0 reason for why it will go down.  solid DD
Got 2 6/18 300cs for BABA but I got them around when the stock was at 242 so currently at a loss.
Vaccine leftover hour
[deleted]
[removed]
This comment made my pp so hard
U think?
$VALE 18c 6/21
$MT 25c 6/21 
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Is it Monday yet?
Mara
[removed]
Buy QS thanks
Eh.. sadly enough I already YOLO'd my money on another STONK
Why was there an insane number of VALE calls bought on Friday??? Does someone know something?
Lol, definitely not true in either case m. Stay bitter tho
Riot
Hello dad, I am a Nigerian prince now...
I like stonks. Stonks are the only thing I wished I had ever bought more of and never sold
Wrong. Tesla is still years ahead. Lol imagine believing this shit post
Based
Fear of losing money and/or not understanding what stock buying is.

Just wait until the dollar becomes more and more worthless and all of their friends and neighbors start driving Teslas.
You're gonna be toast, but we don't need to play wsb games, buy puts and post them.
Lol back to the stone age
Lol taken that idk how to change it must be a good sign going balls deep on calls Monday. 🚀🚀🚀
Times are already bad
Thanks for the weekend update, Steel Dad! Once these contracts print I’m sure a lot of people would be willing to throw some cash at a charity of your choosing.
Chick from in this moment.
Sell these I have PSTH but no way it hits $40 in 6 days
This is fact.
I'm at least 2-3/4 of those
same.... only talk about it witb people that also trade.
[deleted]
[deleted]
AM radio.
The big short was actually based on my dick length
Yeah if I had 100 grand to spend in stock I would be gloating as well, good job dude I had close ties to Tesla due to me working in the car industry,  I knew tesla stock would sky rocket 3 years ago sadly I have been living pay check to pay most my life till 6 months ago and could never invest. Congrats to those that could!
Bro, do pltr next! How much are chicken snacks, I'll pay for the research!
I was gonna say you sleepin on europoors wakin up but they covered under 1/4 on the edge
no, it hits YOU harder at 30.

someone’s depressed af tonight
[removed]
Just remember, every day, you are investing 2.6 million of your dollars into TSLA. Good or bad thats what you are investing.
It’s actually a good way to sell some shares if you want to rebalance d and take some money off the table and get a bonus as well.  It’s a built in premium if the stock hits the price and they exercise and take the stock you were ready to sell.  If it does not hit that price you still have that stock and you keep the premium.
MANIFESTING THIS
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YFk2_5RkwlA
You can get entire houses in MS (or much of the rest of the deep south) in move-in condition for that much no problem.

Took me less than a minute to find this one. 1200 ft^2, about twice what the average WSBer lives in. They would definitely take an offer for $54k.

https://archive.is/VaiFQ

Try Michigan or northern Maine if you'd rather deal with cold than with southerners
They will be drunk ordering maga 2024 hats off amazon in a weeks time.
I don’t know any of these people. Melissa Bonny?
Go watch “The China Hustle”
They weren't that stellar in 2019. I think she did 38% while s&p did 31%. 2020 was where her bets took off. It got me to believe in her hypothesis a lot more.

I think the pullback threat is probably very real. Cathie said as much on her monthly youtube video. I think I've been overthinking it though since a pullback which hits ARKK will definitely hit the main indices as well. I suspect they'll hit ARKK a bit harder due to high beta, but that's why I'm keeping a little bit of powder dry.
WSB
my answer is your username.
I did the same thing last Monday. I’m truly fucked.
Then act like you deserve to be touched. Its all in the mindset chief
Texas is getting a bullet train also, but it's not being paid for by the tax payer. I wonder which one will be ran better, Texas or Cali's.
Doesn’t Mara mean penis
...Gladiator isn't medieval. It's as medieval as the scene from Cable Guy AT Medieval Times.

Otherwise, Robin Hood Prince of Thieves?
[deleted]
Anyone know who has more miners/hardware - RIOT or MARA?
That’s a gas guzzler
Yee yee
Fell asleep in history class huh
Yea, dependent on when/if Biden passed his infrastructure stimulus and if there’s a round 2(!)
2 fool
Did I say I wouldn't exercise? Dick
Remember when they were going to boycott Nike and send it up in flames for having Kap as the face of their company? 

😅👀👁
if im not mistaken there is an ER coming up on monday for a steel company. it could be a major catalyst for a big POP that day and/or day after.
1/4 of this chat is about to go to bed, 1/4 is getting absolutely obliterated, 1/4 is on the edge of ending it all, and another 1/4 are tripping sack. And at least one person is a JPM intern being forced to be on the 24/7 WSB watch night shift. Fuck you JPM intern. Fuck you.
I just want to touch another human being
Sorry drank too much. Meant 1/21/22. All in baby.
I’m sure everything will be fine...

https://youtu.be/2WBZfYva6Hg
Homeless people don't give politicians bribe money
I think so. Boeing cant get a win. They got cocky.
GME short squeeze event scheduled for the 11th
So you’re saying vale 6/18 21c gonna print?
Imagine idol worshipping a guy who doesn’t have the brain power to keep his hair.
[deleted]
Steel trendies here we come!
Dude.... I just don’t even mention options at all to people. They think I’m crazy
Wow some sound advice on this sub.
Cuz I have $5
Just finished watching the big short 👀
Yes. Thank you!

I’m going to look for cheap options to practice with! Would love any recommendations
Icln reaches 75 this year or I eat my. Toetail
Does it count if you weren't by yourself before but she left?
Deez nutz bud
This is really dumb and you are really dumb. Esports are a total disaster for unrelated reasons. Is F1 a sport? Is snooker a sport? Darts? Golf? Etc. You are dumb as fuck to say that there is miniscule real work involved. Dumbass
I hope they trade stocks in hell
stocks been going up for years, people are just now waking up to the shit. If i knew what I know now 10 years ago i would have millions. just now letting poor people in..maybe someone got a heart
[deleted]
Don’t they frequently have rolling blackouts there?

Seems a little counter intuitive. 

“We can’t support the current demand, let’s promote more demand”

?
puts on your marriage
What no tesla tequila?
Hmm. Even it B T C makes it to $50k? I figure this is tracking closely w that boom.
Sad part is half won’t read the whole thing and realize im actually calling my cousin an idiot for calling the top lmfao
 [$IPOC](https://stocktwits.com/symbol/IPOC) Proposed plan to reduce Medicare eligible age from 65 down to 60. Currently at $16 per share. BoA initiated Clover Health with a $20 pt. Under democratic leadership, this is poised for growth.
Not sure why you would want the mutual funds, but look at ADNPX
I guess I shouldn't have put it all on TSLA puts last week?..
Boeing: Land in exotic places. Instant deplaning too.
[removed]
baba gonna fly on monday
GME is going to surpass TSLA and Cohen is gonna surpass musk in wealth
He actually did pretty good. Starting a playoff game, 306 yards, Td, 46 rushing and of course a int but not bad for his first game
Siko mode 😲😫
Nah u good lol
I mean calls expire sooooooo you gonna sell eventually or exercise. Dumbass
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Travis Scott - Grey         ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xE8ekMTvYMA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xE8ekMTvYMA)⠀►►⠀ 2:32 / 3:49 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I dont watch TV and I don't use their website. When would I have interacted with them?
Was thinking about buying atm NVDA calls Monday, FDs or Jan 22 for $400 more?
Retire now dumbass.
That’s God’s shit
No. This guy has spent a lot of time on dd. I suggest you read it.
Because we all own Tesla shares and we want moar money.
*bUT He gOt ThE MosT VoTES of AnY SitTinG PresIDenT*
Has anyone tried this? This sees unlikely
[deleted]
Costa Rica or Vietnam would be nice
Pregnant aliens on sale at publix? WTF
🍉
Is airbus gonna cuck boeing
GME and GHI V
I would invest in real estate a little bit if you haven't already. Do a lot of research and take your time, but maybe decide how much you are willing to spend after looking around. I would use Zillow. You can search by all kinds of parameters all over the USA. After you do that, or not, just decide what kind of life you want to live. I don't mean, like, partying and all that. I mean, what would fill your heart with joy and make you want to share your life with others? I would try to figure out that. With all this money, well, potential money until you sell, you have a lot of time to make decisions and learn.

I would read some books, like, Think and Grow Rich, also, How to Make Friends and Influence People. And, Travels, by Michael Crichton. 

Just remember, until you sell, it's not real. So, maybe take 10 to 15 percent out and just see how that feels while you learn and have some stop loss set up. Good luck!
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Bob Seger- Night Moves      ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mRFWQoXq4c) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mRFWQoXq4c)⠀►►⠀ 3:37 / 5:26 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
No tendies for you.
GME and GHI V
Holding

Vale $21 3/19 x 4 @ .55


Vale $25 4/16 x 15 @ .29

MT $26 4/16 x 8 @ 1.74
“Wife just said F apple changing to android so we can DL and install the app off the web and not from the playstore. 
If she will change so will others. This in the end will hurt their business too HOLD THE LINE... 

Our twitter is closed , FB soon to be closed. Saving years of unreplaceable photos. Amazon is our next target. Starting with buy local and buy American. 
We want our old and historic America around another 100 years, we need to make wise choices today.....”
Lack of consolidated control and locked up float. There will continue to be incremental lending supply as retards buy shares on margin & through brokers like Robinhood.
Plane crashes bigly bullish cuz they now have to buy a new plane. 

It’s called math bro
I would close my position and find other companies with more certainty and brighter future. There's plenty
It has a heartbeat!!1!
Alexa play night moves
Trumptards are on Parler saying they will never shop from Amazon or Apple & will delete their Twitter/Facebook accounts AND THEN SAY ALL THEIR STOCK PRICES WILL FALL AND THEIR REVENUE WILL DECREASE DUE TO THEM NOT BUYING THEIR PRODUCTS LMFAOOOOOOOO
I hope she’s right.  I’d really like to retire in 2024.
BA is nothing but dips.
SEC we got one for inside trading here
sad part is that you probably convinced half of this sub with this post
Gonna make salmon Eggs Benedict with spinach because why the fuck not?
Geeeeez
Im looking
Holding

Vale $21 3/19 x 4 @ .55


Vale $25 4/16 x 15 @ .29

MT $26 4/16 x 8 @ 1.74
You sell a covered call.  You can use it to sell your shares and you get to keep the premium plus strike price of the share. 

Or If it is not In the money during the period of the contract you get the premium and keep the stock.    There are other nuances but know that when you sell them you need to be ready to potentially sell your stock.  

You want to get the most you can out of the contract so the closer to the strike price the higher the premium and the longer the time for the expiration date the prices increase but both influence the value for writing a contract which is the basis of what you will be paid to risk losing your stock.  Also if the stock pays dividends that you want, if the contract is exercised  before the date of the dividend and you lose the stock, the person buying the contract will get paid that dividend.  

Here is a good read with examples: 
https://tickertape.tdameritrade.com/trading/option-trading-covered-calls-15059?cid=PSDSA&o=220&ef_id=CjwKCAiAxeX_BRASEiwAc1QdkbZjNKMEPKdcrXF2e7MgYEEppTFmFPbtBOYdyGuj9x8gU1PR3EY6BRoCWgwQAvD_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!2521!3!320647822049!b!!g!!
Electrify america maybe?
Then do the YOLOs pussy
I can confirm a lot of people making over 100k that don't invest just spend all their money remodeling kitchens and bathrooms over and over again. Cash sits in a bank waiting for the next project.
sorry my private island doesn't have phones
No shit retard, just hits you harder at 30. Someone is bitter af tonight.
True, but their gains were still pretty big before 2020 compared to the market. Definitely going to buy ARKG to hold long term but I'm waiting for a pull back but if doesn't happen then oh well. I could always just jump into whatever new stock they buy, haha.
If the price drops you can buy the call back.
I feel like throwing up and shitting and falling asleep.
I thought only Mr. Pleas Fly Again was capable of losing money on Tesla during the recent run.  You need a catch phrase for us to remember you by.  Pleas Charge Again?
Mining 22k c0ins/year by April, yee haw. I'm in early (5.70 cost basis) and want more, but honestly i think there will be a big pullback for 🪙 soon. That's when you load the boat on miners.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [2Pac - Better Dayz (Original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgoK1npGvoI) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgoK1npGvoI)⠀►►⠀ 3:18 / 4:58 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
damn lol. i am glad i usually only go to asia. directly fly over china and russia. they either want you there or they dont. no complex european or western asian politics. all the fighting in the world starts over in those places and the middle east
Her boyfriend probably does
Ahhhh about that time to watch some James Randi and fall asleep to the soothing sounds of rip off artists and scammers getting embarrassed on live tv

Alexa play better dayz by 2pac
Why not both? Get some lunch before we head off to the Bahamas?
Sanity of new government > all other BS.
Went to look but account is suspended
Absolutely gorgeous song but it's too late. This song throws me into existentialism
Getting drunk by yourself on a Saturday night ROLL CALL
You should. We need the ticker, DUH.
Oscar The Grouch
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Travis Scott - Mamacita ft. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH9kl6XZixo) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH9kl6XZixo)⠀►►⠀ 4:00 / 6:01 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I like how they’re differentiating themselves and not just copying like Xpeng.    I have XPEV calls but think they’ll be a minor player in the long run.
Airlines automatically switching to one way tickets only when the equipment is boeing
would we see any dip on monday with all the censorship thing going on? what do you guys think?
Where is this $2500/month you speak of? Link? Source? Meme?
my personal opinion is to load up on VALE at this point because i bought 6/16 $25s for only 55 cents...this has potential to be a 5-10 bagger ($2.75-$5.50 per contract). Plus VALE has the meme status on its resume from its TSLA partnership rumors. The MT calls are dollars+ so they would need to hit $10+++ per contract to be 5-10 baggers)
There is a bull run to address the inflation going on right now.
You think Missouri had a monopoly on this shit on the Midwest?
Globalization took all the jobs and meth filled the gap.
Hottest metal singer? Courtney LaPlante, Alissa White-Gluz, Tatiana Shmayluk, Alex Reade, or Melissa Bonny?
Alexa play mamacita by travis Scott
Part of it was because we were trying to help Iraq build a more efficient economy, which is obviously not an excuse for the war, but true nonetheless. 

Im saying that without the full blown boots on ground 100,000 troop presence we could have used 1/10th of those war resources to look and find oil in the US. We knew we had oil deposits, though granted we didnt know that we had it to the degree that we have since found, which has been partially helped by various drilling and refinery innovations.
Feels good to be vaccinated. Imagine holding an unrealized 10 banger while hospitalized only for it to go negative once you’re finally able to trade again. No thanks.
Too late to buy mid week?
That's why I never understood billionaires. When you are dead, you are dead, Money means nothing. Does anyone really care about leaving fortunes to their families? Most their children don't deserve it, I don't have kids yet but when I do they aren't getting a cent. In fact I am sticking them with my funeral bill just on principle and yoloing my money away into 0dte calls I know will expire worthless.

50 million should get me through life just fine.
imagine having these thoughts at 30 when a 16 year old stoner is on the same wavelength

really puts it into perspective huh
Same. My average cost basis is like 227 but good shit
Ffs you have to cut its head off and let it run around a circular floor with sections each one telling you what to do and on which ever one it drops dead thats the one you pick, this is simply shitty dd
Lol who still uses rh
HULK until the inauguration
[deleted]
This is good shit. I was more so talking about an overall market crash but this will do haha
Big facts. Always love when some clown comes after me for shitposting anytime during the weekend lol
Oh gawd...

Excuse me, I have to go and bleach my eyes with more...tsla shares XD
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Bob Dylan - Like a Rolling S](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwOfCgkyEj0) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwOfCgkyEj0)⠀►►⠀ 4:00 / 6:00 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
guh
I think you have to pay for the conference but it looks like you'll be able to watch Gamestops presentation through this link. 

I could be wrong but it's on their website
Lol peaking has nothing to do with it. Just that you don’t live forever so live for today instead.
Following
Foo fighters live is basically the best you can get. Dave Grohl will fucking rock your socks off.
Summer
Alexa play like a rolling stone
Good call. My main take-away from this post and the subsequent discussion is that I was a little too optimistic.
[deleted]
George Lucas is back, Kathleen Kennedy is getting fired soon. Calls on disney? Anyone?
Nuts deep in Apple spreads 130/140 1/29 for earnings run up
ITS WAYNE BRADY SON!!!
🤦‍♀️
Why is teslas EV so damn high? That can‘t be right?
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [way back                    ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kgw0vubj9U) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kgw0vubj9U)⠀►►⠀ 3:02 / 4:33 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
thats my plan actually
New year, new meta in the stock market.
I have a prescription
They don't have any money. Paycheck to paycheck. Or they have 401k which invests for the..
And with Elon not too fond of Cali.
Or blow it on a different risky gamble
Alexa play travis scott for my boy here
most people keep their money in a checking or savings account.

if u tell the average person u buy stocks, they will look at u like u just admitted to being a canibal.
Boeing 737 is the new $ROPE
I have calls in it. Small position.  June 18 2021 $7
Zero!  There's a zero percent chance that Twitter isn't going anywhere!  *takes call* *leaves reddit for the night*
[removed]
GME going to Circuit City.
[deleted]
( o )👄( o )

🚤
Fart fetish?
Put your money where your mouth is. Short it and show us your gain porn in a month.  Prove us wrong genius
The taste of tequila just fucks me up due to my first year of college. I’m a 5th year now but the taste still destroys me
Seriously! When they said WSB is full of retards I wasn't expecting actual morons.
definitely, he can say fuck you to his boss and quit his job because he doesn’t need to worry about money ever again. That’s fuck you money
[deleted]
at the end If the day its just numbers on a screen and if you’re confident on your idea fuck it.
thats actually funny man.
Supposedly with a bunch of other stocks but i cant find info on it
Hulk - and I hate it, want to enter a couple positions.
maybe if you’re a woman. i don’t plan to peak until at least 40+

this is some real pussy talk
Don't worry! I'm new to this too.

OTM = out of the money = don't exercise the option
ITM = in the money = exercise the option (if you want to)
ATM = at the money = breakeven, no gains or losses if you exercise.

These mean different things based on which kind of contract you're talking about. If a purchased call is ITM, then the current stock price is greater than the strike price plus the premium you paid.

What happened in my case was that I saw PLUG and NIO were doing well, so I purchased some class with some money I had in my investment account. I then set sell-to-close limit orders for where I figured they would peak/hit, based on how the underlying stock was performing. This is actually my first win with options. I lost 300 bucks last year, and I'm about to lose 1k on 1/15 GME calls. What I did on 1/8 is definitely safer than what I've been doing with GME, so learn from my mistakes friend. Start small with options ending within the week so you minimize potential losses.

Hope this helped!
Ocgn🚀🚀🚀🚀
dont get me wrong im 100 percent calls as well babyyy B)
Bullish
Got 10 3/19 30cs on BABA that I bought at 224ish
How'd it taste afterwards?
Why don’t more americans own stonks? Even 15% of people making 100+k don’t own any. Where do they keep their money?

https://news.gallup.com/poll/266807/percentage-americans-owns-stock.aspx
government apparently since it was used in the war
Should I just retire and move to a third world country? I don’t have enough to retire in the US unless I hit a few YOLOs
Rage with me boys. I have conducted a study that if everyone who sees this rages means stonks only 🚀🚀🚀

https://i.imgur.com/nqmwdak.jpg
Positions or BAN
He understands less about the markets than 50% of people here his firm just has a Bloomberg terminal.
Propaganda? It’s nearly met her low end estimate for 2024 and it’s barely 2021
fuuuk thats deap
Are you selling calls with $31 strike? That would explain the retarded $30 estimate for a squeeze with 130% SI and huge amount of diamond handed folks: trying to convince people not to assign you.

smh
Ignorance is bliss
Shot of Don Julio shaken on ice....you’ll never need salt or limes again
I did really well on tinder and my success/matches rate was directly proportional to how douchey my pics were.
[deleted]
Idk the trumptards are pretty triggered. Go to stocktwits or seeking alpha and every chad wasp investor is going batshit crazy calling Twitter dirty commies and threatening to boycott anything that comes in contact with Twitter
Why do I keep seeing MT being delisted on robinhood?
I don’t mean to sound like a dick, really. However, isn’t that exactly how companies are valued by investors?  What’s to come?  Not what has already happened?  I have a feeling that is why $TSLA is valued like it is Pablo Escobar’s cocaine operation in 1984. . .
Fuck it I’m in 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Pussy.  No one cares.
I think so man, on Fridays dip, I exited some winning trades early to free up cap plus emptied cash reserves into MT.
ARKK fund's date 2014: $20.00. 12/31/2019: $50.00. Still outperform S&P500 during that period when Tesla was taking a dump.

Just saying.
Any photographers in here??? South Florida checking in 👀
If it opens green she’s giving me head. 

I’ll PM you my addy.
you go ahead and ride their planes, let me get my camera out and make money on youtube
Bruh “mask off”. It’ll be the banger of 2021
👅👄👅
next video better be "I BUY 10,000 GME shares!!!"
Haha I’m young and only bought 4 back in August. But you really think 4K huh?
Made a $500 play on TSLA call 1/8
$900 strike. I woke up to like $2500 in profits. Really wish I would have put 5k but I’ll take it. 
Early morning dip buying calls are the fucking way boys.
Yeah thats how i understood it also. Instead of selling your shares in june, you can ride the wave a couple months longer. The steel stocks will continue to rise as all the earning reports start to trickle in
That seems like it would be a big help to its success
They cut down the tree and you show up on the bus 20 mins later at the front entrance to the forest to find your scraps of firewood
Hot take
Username checks out
so essentially stonks go up because our dollar is worth less
This isn’t thetagang, pussy.
I love my job and yet I hate going to it every Monday.
1/2 of Cali hospital workers and 1/3 of NYC hospital workers refusing the experiential vaccines for the vid, I'm sure you can get yours soon, retard!
Turn 30 and it hits hard. It’s never your land, you’re only renting it
Jinjer -Pisces
Plane down, BA up, that's the way we like to fuk
Find a job you like...and in 6 months you will hate it too.
Probably a virgin trying to escape from Hulk’s dick until Tuesday or Wed and then a massive Hulk dick on Thursday and Friday. Because of Buyden conference.
[deleted]
This. Its too big to fail. Its the big short all over again
Sell if your happy. One rule I’ve learned.
At one point the French *drug dealers* were saying cocaine kills Covid 

And cuz cocaine is a helluva drug
He sounds like a party during thanksgiving
Have you been under a rock good chap? OANN, Newsmax, right side broadcasting network etc
Also mainly so big stacks can do whatever the fuck they want away from the mass public lol..
guess our defense is fucked then...take shelter
Hold on to it for the long haul. It’s not like when the money printer finally breaks that the market is going to instantly drop in a day or two. You should be able to cash out well before it gets down to where you would take a hit. 

I say buy real estate and use this as a cash reserve to get great loan terms. You could even sell a little just to cover down payments, closing costs, attorney fees, etc. The let the rent from these properties pay the loans off.
yeah I really hope my phone is locked when I die
[deleted]
It doesn’t matter if youre an island or not, that’s the biggest bullshit excuse ever. Do you know how planes and boats work? Do you know how viruses are transmitted?This isn’t the 16th century asshole. They shut down international travel and it worked. We still have airports with people flying in and out of every part of the world. And no other country makes masks a political issue like our retarded ass citizens. China is an island too? Have you seen that life in most parts is completely back to normal while our country is tearing itself apart over a reality star megalomaniac? Interesting. How many cases and deaths do we have here in the US? It’s going pretty well right? We have it under control huh? You’re dense as a lead turd.
BABA and AAPL bull gang roll call!
SID, anyone,  anyone?
[deleted]
Drake ft Future - Life is good.


Only if you purchased TSLA calls on Monday
My brokerage account of 100% Tesla looks nothing like delusion, looks just like a lot of money.
Just got off the phone with Billy, PSTH taking Mindgeek public
Whats your cousins strike and expiry
Pre market
Welp it was a good run. Time to sell and get some xom and live off the dividends.
SA yeah you right.

The war had other benefits. It wasn't just about the oil. There are many ways to profit from a war.

But America did import hundreds of thousands of barrels a day for two decades just from Iraq. Why do that if there was enough in the USA?
Good question. I don't know if halo effect could've drive gains by that much aside from mid-2020 when they started really picking up steam. My first memory of Cathie was thinking she was crazy in 2019 when she was on TV saying Tesla would hit $4k. I didn't take her seriously until July/August when she really started to get noticed.
[removed]
you had me at arizona and music
Market so rigged, BA will gap up on monday because of the incident
Fauci says everyone can get it in April
What?
[deleted]
You just convinced me to YOLO my entire portfolio on BABA weekly calls
Yes
[deleted]
My man!
[deleted]
Do the algos watch parler yet?
Drank too much. I meant  1/21/22 lol. All in brother.
I was up 40k on snow puts Wednesday, convinced myself to let it ride just 1 more day. Net -40k on Thursday (including the rest of my portfolio that was +20k) so yeah, GUH.
who gives a fuck free money in the stock market.....lol
Oh yeah, the challenge bs thingy. The truth, there is a lot of people that would do as he say, if he say buy GME things can go places.
They need to find jesus again, calls on mega churches.
Ol lefty’s the one who got caught tonight
I can relate to this shit.
Just economic culture. Its essentially set in stone. Same as any business really 5:00 rolls around and the office sends its workers home..some few guys may stay filing paperwork to get a headstart or such but it's all the same. Majority of traders are "off the market" so the new ah/pm window is opened for the few left
Why is VW type event doubtful? It might not start that way, but it sure will finish that way, won't it?
Probably spring time
I have some calls but I wanna load up on more. Go time?
Half the kids on here are too young for that song
No it’ll be some dumb bullshit that’ll go broke immediately like voat
Bruh we saw one game with him relax p
Black berry is back baby
This is easily a 30$ play. 45 is a stretch but totally possible eoy. Have you seen PLUG? They virtually follow the same chart pattern and it’s mimicking it’s every move. More news will come out, this stock is ready to explode.🚀🚀🚀
Near NAV. June, july or whenever. I'm new to this so I expected it to merge sooner like september, but then it took forever.
Kodak
Black berry is back baby
lol...I new gamblers couldn't help themselves, 24-7 gambling, make all of some gains
Is Monday going to be Hulk’s dick or a Red Wedding?
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Future - Low Life (Official ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_9tX4eHztY) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_9tX4eHztY)⠀►►⠀ 3:36 / 5:24 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
they have to wait for Daddy Trump to communicate to them
Everyone, or at least the media, was panicking so hard about the US somehow not succesfully rolling out the vaccine... Its like c'mon we are kinda retarded true but we can ship out some goddamn vaccines lol. 

Hopefully soon, I am thinking early April.
[removed]
Twist it
Black berry is back baby
You mean NAV at $10? Or like the merger at 20
[deleted]
Username definitely checks out
Where else can they turn?
I don’t that’s just been the tired ass fear mongering shit bears keep saying
The boys call me BLT. Big left testicle
Best song in the past 6 years don’t @ me 

Alexa play Lowlife
If you wrote a book id buy it on audio book and blast it on my airpods while ..... doing my private business 🚀🚀🚀
Go back to stocktwits with all the other retard pumpers bro
Will the new EU China investment deal give Nio an opportunity in europe?
B r u h these people are legitimately unhinged
Are you a moron they hate fox now
Bop it
It’s like saying putting out a house fire with water is a slippery slope towards flooding and drowning the entire world.
If I was set for life, I’d probably be doing the same shit just in a nicer setting
any1 else trippin? shroomies ftw
Lol who cares?
Nice.

Weird that I'm only 60% erect...

Doesn't feel the same not coming from Steel Daddy...

Still I rate this post 5/5 rockets: 🚀   🚀  🚀  🚀  🚀
Tell us how you really feel
[deleted]
Private companies can do whatever they like based on ToS. Anyone crying about it can go start their own website and hosting platform. This is like throwing a tantrum because Nickolodeon canceled your cartoon.
can you expose some sort of rest or gql api? or refactor the frontend with bootstrap? its a pretty solid standard design.
Work sucks, I know
So where is steel daddy’s domino store located at? I call for a feast at daddy’s store after all these steel calls print
[deleted]
IPO, though long af hold, and lose out on opportunity cost.
[deleted]
That would be great for my VALE 2/19 $19c and $20c that I bought for cheap as shit and am already up 127%. 

Too bad this was my first foray into options so I only bought 3 contracts and basically went from $100 to $227. 

Should have yolo’d my $10k in savings.
Probably because you grew up playing video games like I did.  Impatiently waiting for your turn as your friend/sibling *never fucking dies* which makes watching people game not enjoyable.
Nkla
My mass was certainly quivering 🤙🏼
Twitter was a garbage stock before this happened. -$1.58 PPE and a $51.41 stock price.   It's not new, or growing or developing anything significant and has consistently been in the red.  They have 200M active users and just very publicly banned an account with 88.6M followers - almost half of their user base.  

TLDR; buy puts.
Mf why you doin cocaine
[deleted]
[removed]
If anyone in LA region is looking for 🔥pics I’ll do a shoot for 4 nio shares hmu
[deleted]
Anyone who wants to make money. Stocks definitely hold value, but they will require him to put a lot up.
hey it's me, your lost son.
You know what fucking sucks? Work.
I Highly recommend you use this weeks potential POP as an advantage to take profit and roll these calls out to a later date.
Damn. This guy is no retard
Almost exactly the same as watching sports — just watching people play and compete
You’re from Missouri?
Continents are islands that are just bigger
wAh BuT iNfLaTiOn
100s of millions of pissed off conservatives sit in horror as their social media echo chambers, cloud infrastructure platforms are literally being stripped from them.. Newly born rightwing extremists have been plucked from the center as this country becomes more polarized yet again. They will all need a new platform to form a community soon. 

What’s it going to be so I can buy calls on it? Fox News (FOX)?
HEINICKE IS A STARTER CALIBER QB
Lol...always recommend gg#4, moonwalker, and skywalker.
they need to arrest him like yesterday
Damn, drinking in the parents basement?
So my cocaine and vodka is laced with Covid? Why?
[deleted]
Those were dark days for me personally... But oh yes I have.
I don’t know it’s more of a reflection of the user than anything. We can all stop using , right? Human nature seems to love it but I think we can stop . Might take a huge event like this. Puts Monday ?
IPOD 2/19 17.50c looking like a snacc
Lmao. True
Just a reminder kids, retards like her are why your Tesla stonks keep rising. At some point there will be a rush for the door. Make sure you don't get trampled.
KFConsole going to be lit. I heard it dispenses wings for you while you play. You need to buy the premium version for dipping sauce tho...
Not even Webull themselves
eli5 what this means
!RemindMe 5 days
Damn I’ve done many drugs but nvr had that happen before. What you on? Sounds fun
Young people are at the end of the list. Probably September
Can someone kill me already? 

These posts are my punishment for selling last March...
I only had buying power for 1. Really wish i had sold off some shit to buy more. Such is life
2022
Missed opportunity for Elon to tell Shitron to sit the fuck down at courtside
2.6 mil is 100,000 dollars a year, forever. That's F you money
Covid drugs loses hearing and sight.
VALE 25 1/22 MT 30 1/22 REPORTING IN
Buyden is going to make us all rich
Wanna Sprite Cranburry?
Who the fuck pencils time to watch YouTube
Mutual funds? Worse than boomer
Heard Philippines been doing that.
The only people who give a shit what that crackpot says will be the FBI.
Found the top
TSLA
Another major note: Biden appointed retired General Austin who was on the Board of Directors for Raytheon to be Secretary of Defense.
Take a man shot. Drink the tequila, snort the salt, and squirt the lime in your eye.
Sbe
Until it's not
If you're retarded enough to make 100k into 2.6mil you can stretch that for the rest of your life in so many more retarded ways that you'll probably get to the 5 mil mark
just how high do you think MT can reach. bless up.
You ever do so many drugs you temporarily lose your hearing?
Probably FCA considering how much he keeps talking about legacy auto
I like this method of DD. Contrast gamestop's job openings with chewy's: chewy.com/jobs

I wouldn't be so skeptical. The GME play is to catch a company at bottom; based on the job descriptions you posted, it really is at bottom. Lot of room to improve.
Sherman is set up to fail
[deleted]
She has very good makeup on for TV.  She is 80 YO   the house speaker for the Dems.
Dems also got a good plastic surgeon for Prez elect Biden,   78 YO.
Sleeping on sleeping
Was wondering if they did it even before that. Would be interesting to see how their performance was once they started that compared to before.
[deleted]
just... interesting.

🖖
!remindmein3days
you can lead a horse to water
[deleted]
Take your 100k out. Keep 10% stoploss on 160k, dont forget about it. Keep checking when you can.
This was a very eloquent way to summarize and even add to my gibberish, thank you.
WW, los pollos chicken co
Sleeping is kinda gay.
Great DD. Funny thing is you didn’t even mention Semi and glossed over the energy business.

Tesla is still a steal at this level, 2030 target is $10,000
There are rumors that trump wants to do it next week
Took the tequila shot with salt, tried to find limes but my boomer mom didn’t have any so I had the squirting lime juice. Still slapped
Like Robinhood? lmao
I just checked out MARA. What the fuck.

This shit looks like easy money.
[deleted]
*sticks thumb up*
You would have to physically move it. I'm not certain how far the Bluetooth signal will travel through flooring, (ie first floor to second, etc). Had I not bought the cordless Dyson vacuum, which is a fuckin' beast by the way, I would have bought a robot vac too.
Chantel Jeffries 🤤
The og Highlander, 300, Braveheart, Seven Samurai
It’s times like these I wanna slap someone.
[removed]
Same ish, except for Everlong acoustic. One of the GOAT acoustic renditions
Nice
Sometimes there's a lockup period, but yes the insider shares can eventually be sold. 

The warrants also dilute the common stock by a small percentage, or in the case of PSTH a rather large percentage since instead of taking founder shares Ackman got almost as many warrants as the total outstanding shares in the spac.

The up-side to that is that they're long term warrants so it's unlikely he'll exercise them right away, and it removes the threat of a PIPE dump after the merger.

&nbsp;

With PSTH I'd be less worried about dilution and more worried about the pricing compared to the target. With a spac the NAV ($20 for PSTH) is the value of the trust, and it's the number that Ackman negotiates with the company he's taking public. 

So when they value that private company they're going to value it fairly at $20/share, regardless of the PSTH stock now being at $30.  This means people are currently paying a 35%+ premium for a mystery box with no idea what the deal will be. And it's such a big company that it's unlikely he'll negotiate a value where the stock will go up 500% like people are expecting. It may even drop when the institutions start taking a rational look at the value negotiated versus the stock value.

That's the big danger in my opinion, especially if it takes a while longer to announce a target and PSTH runs up to an even higher multiple in the meantime. No company is going to let a negotiation undervalue their company and leave money on the table just so retail investors inflated pricing seems fair.
😨
They are but I just can’t get behind the idea that  watching people play video games is hype
I see. Webull and yahoo show 5 percent which would be something else
In a good way orrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Did I read correctly that you have to wait three years post merger to exercise the warrants or are those purchased immediately after merger?
EV supply chain.  I like MGA.

All the countries and now 2 US states pushing to get rid of new gas engine passenger vehicles by 2030/35.  I think MGA has a head start and key partnerships.
What's a good company for meth calls?
Finish him.
today is saturday retard
i was thinking about buying it and when i do the bubble will pop, ill let you guys know
Bro, drop the burger, pick up some skanks and start running for your life!
Oh yeah, I tried that and then thought the number I got was 650 profit from that calculator. I probably messed up it - this is why you don’t buy an option without understanding them I guess lol.
I’ve got a confession to make... That’s the only song I know of theirs
nah, it's more like 46% cause of a couple bigly funds
Same 50 btfd
Google latest news on them
😯
Shame
Because I’m not approved for spreads yet :/
Didn’t NIO just team up with NVDA for what seems like pretty much the same thing or am I losing my mind?
TSLA sold approximately 500,000 cars last year.  They increase by 50% per year in 5 years they’re selling 3.8 million cars.  This doesn’t include EV credits or Insurance.  Stock will pull back but be bought up quickly.  Boomers and traditional analysts don’t understand exponential growth.  We retards and Cathie do.
Some ocean in asia about to be fuk by failed missile test
Bullish GME to tha 🌝
A stock split doesn’t cause dilution, retard.
RemindMe in 12 months
Gonna be a post merger dump - awful company
Man,
#🍉📈
GME
Yep
That’s how I lost one :(((((
you could sell 100k worth and wander off with your initial stake regardless.
LMFAO SAME
Take it over and make it a giant pump and dump/insider info hub that is secret from all the sniches hanging round wsb
[deleted]
Same boat, 150c 1/15.. not looking good
LOL
Isn't 600+ mile range expected to be in cars not before 2023? Or am I wrong?

I think the newer models will be out before then just not with that battery. That possibly leads to lots of upgrading battery at 2023 release being a luxury ev.
Their cars are ugly as all hell
Well if we've learned anything this week it's that the world can go tits up and the stock market will hit an all time high
Exactly. That's why the FIRE movement is awesome


Once you have enough money to cover expenses, you now have fuck you money. For some, that's $500K, and for others, that's several million.
well..when you see more shit appear on main rags...what does that say?
interesting
Getting withdrawals from not being able to gamble. Thank God for bittycoin
I agree, but the people actually doing this aren’t A. 22 year old pansies with soft ass hands and bowl cuts, and B. Producing ridiculous videos and selling courses on how to do it
What a load of horse shit.  They just traded up for the new more contagious variant of covid and New Zealand is a fucking island, much easier to manage what goes in/out of country.  You’re the fucking idiot, idiot
I’ll sell you mine if we open +3% in pre market
The thing is that, it might have had to stop, but, the more control they have and more support they get over that control, the worse this gets. They consider themselves above congress and God
Joe BUY'den wants to create 500,000 charging stations in the United States. Who is the contract going to?
> The Treasury Department on Friday issued an updated list of companies on its blacklist, which includes a number of state-run Chinese firms. Significantly, the list excluded Alibaba and Tencent. Investors feared an expansion of the list would include the two companies.

i’m beginning to question your intelligence
10-15% prob
The wright brothers made more reliable planes than boeing
By April, they will be mining to the tune of ~618mil annual revenue and 523mil annual profit assuming c0in price is 28k. Basically comes out to them mining 22k 🪙 per year, you figure out what the value is. Hard to know if it'll garner similar P/E as other companies but by that logic it could run far beyond current levels... I would think at least double from where it is now.
Yo I straight up do not fuck with the foo fighters at all
SLX - it has most of the stocks I talk about.
Hit it
It's like being sad you missed the gold rush. Dont worry, money will come again.
I’m worried about these tendies. It’s real wild out there on the beat. Thinking about cash gang Monday
My bumfuck Midwest town is really upset about the current state of politics & they only have one coping mechanism. Calls on meth lab explosions
You can just sell the option if you don't want to exercise it. If you do exercise it, you pay $6500 and get 100 shares of NIO.

If you want to calculate profits, check out optionsprofitcalculator.com.

Good luck.
compared to the last 2 weeks this weekend has gone by pretty fast

futures in less than 24 hours
[deleted]
Ever squish one ya balls in between your thighs? Not a good time 🤕
Collect info on you
Positions: VALE $25C 6/18 x 328 ($.55) and MT $30C 6/18 x 200 ($1.73)
[deleted]
Hmm I only got into parler a few times and it always seemed kind of dead...now it seems busy, I kind of feel like their strategy in banning it is doing the opposite of their intentions.
Sheeeesh....what’s his username?
The level of delusion is mind blowing.
GET A NEW GIRLFRIEND
I'm super down with multibillion dollar markets
Cathie is my sugar momma and icln is cool also I guess
Yeah gotta sell a couple standard deviations out at a time like this. Won't make you much but over time it adds up.
$ESPO
1000
NIO is just getting started
Shoutout to my CLOV call holders. We got fucked over on Friday. Monday we get our gold plates Tesla’s
New delisting threats

Ma

Honestly anything anymore
Everyone here knows this. Telling people you’ve figured out the stock market after starting trading this year and will sell them a course so they can too is an age old scam with a new twist lol.
I’m legit just so retarded. I wanted to be as retarded as you all but I am too retarded about being retarded.
When was this?
No offense but no one is migrating their production DB’s and appservers to AWS because their wife owns an Amazon echo dot and orders her boyfriend’s condoms on it
Or like China and New Zealand already did and stamped out the virus. You’re a fucking idiot
ride gme moass to valhalla so you can sip the nice tequila
I mean I’m sure some of them are making some fat stacks
My goodness, these Lin Wood (Mango's lawyer) Parler tweets or whatever they're called are going to make the markets absolutely tank on Monday
Dumb advice, but if you use any site and want to make sure they're not front running you, check the network tab in chrome dev tools. I like [stonks.fyi](https://stonks.fyi) (someone posted about this, not mine), and this one seems pretty neat too
Don't be so naive, look him up he's actually got the money to do this 10 times over and then some.
I dunno man it’s aged a bit
As long as you can keep playing, you're doing better than most people. p sure alot of ppl never come back after nuking their accs
Do you feel bad?
In the end that is what truly drives the algos. 

But you are walking into a trap if all you look at is price.
BAN
finally gm stopped yelling
Yea that shits priced in
I gave away one freebie earlier. Be downvoted to oblivion
At least since 2019. You can even find a 1 yr log online for 2020.
[deleted]
hmmm, u might be right
What is this post? Are you trying to sell ice to eskimos? Everyone here already in ICLN retard.
Damn this plane crash is gonna make a great buy in dip for BA
[deleted]
[removed]
Omg plz be fake
US MSO's are the real golden ticket. I think there can be some decent plays for maybe someone like Canopy with what they have setup with Acreage to enter the US market. But the MSO's right now are crushing it every quarter and thats with all the insane barriers in the way. Once banking is allowed that is a huge catalysts obviously.

I think one of the things overlooked for the US MSO's with decrim is though that once it is official, and it is not federally illegal then  MSO's can transfer their product across state lines. Meaning they dont have to vertically intergrade into each state if they dont want too. 

Canadian LP's will benefit from US decrim taking place for sure, but I dont think its even close comparing how they will do compared to some of the US companies and getting in on them now. 

The run up before Canadian legalization in Oct 2018 saw ridiculous gains from all the producers, CGC went from like $2/s to $50 a share in a country with the population of 30 million.....California has over 30 million people alone. The potential with the American Cannabis Industry is far greater. My biggest fear is they fuck it up hard like Canada did. 

TL;DR The writing is on the wall - US MSOS are where the promise land is.
Deep itm options have very high liquidity

Edit: usually, since a deep itm option for Tesla is like 700 now, these 100s are long forgotten lol. Exercising the week of expiry is the move if his sentiment is still to hold long and doesn’t want to pay tax twice
You aren’t wrong but that mango shit had to stop .
what for tsla? 

Ha, 

F
[deleted]
no since there's capital gains tax and stuff when you sell for a profit, there's probably something with LLC and stocks and business expenses and there's something where you pay based on a high price but if the value drops you only pay the small amount but get credit for the high amount idk man ..
[deleted]
[Always has been](https://i.ibb.co/6HrJyLb/1e31b3ff3295.png)

^^^this ^^^has ^^^been ^^^an ^^^accessibility ^^^service ^^^from ^^^your ^^^friendly ^^^neighborhood ^^^bot
[deleted]
we're mooning
Can you tell us how, cuz I want to stay as far away from these additional chromosomes as possible.
Mfer had puts
I’m one for details haha
This is all you need to know the rest of the stuff is nonsense. Institutions are eyeing these levels and going to react when the price breaks out and retests the previous s/r
Can someone help me understand what the bid-ask spread if for a call. Sorry I’m a total newbie and I just want to get an idea on what an acceptable range would be for a call.
Always has been
Man, I randomly bought my first option last week for NIO $65 1/15. Not gonna lie I feel dumb and confused. If it hits 65 Monday then do I execute the contract? I’d be up 650 bucks?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Up a whole .02%
I predict down 4% on Monday then recovers
Yo nurses really do be wildin though...
Bers fuk like always
so puts on TSLA?? Got it
coom
I once creampied an actual creampie
Because why pay tax twice? Sell now, pay tax, buy shares, sell later, pay tax again? No thanks 

Exercise and sell later, pay tax once
Tequila straight into my 💉


https://i.imgur.com/5nVazNH.jpg
1984 vibes, gets worse every day bruh... free speech exists, regardless of what is said
Cranberry juice
Different equity!

He has a loan against the stock, the houses are free and clear.

Though banks will decline loans if your debt to equity ratio is too high.

Also, this is a house of cards if things start going sour.
Wonderful.
[deleted]
house flipping is legit with these rates u just lazy and not blue collar enough.

go to shit town, buy shit house, renovate, refinance and get ur investment back and keep the property
Always has been
you know you should go to bed when you refresh and nothing new shows up. GN retards
I’d be more scared if it wasn’t filmed on an Android
Wtf?
Everyone hates Cruz
[removed]
new york registry or some shit. gonna be taken off at the same time
I will cheer for her
You get off today.

Put it all into a sensible dividend portfolio and live off 6% returns for the rest of your life.

I love you.
Oh yes I forget about that well I’m lucky to be holding some calls already. So vale and icln then?
How’s the weekend dow looking
As much as the sales chik fil a lost when it was disclosed they were donating to anti 🏳️‍🌈groups



&nbsp;



...which was zero
Someone get this mans an award.
I mean on Monday
It really wasn't even that long ago that he tried to impress us.
Ok
Is $2.6 million pretax really fuck you money? 

Not trying to diminish that much money. But I don’t think it’s fuck you rich
Man, the shit this subreddit thinks is meaningful news... lmao
It does suck but pulling the rug would slow down communication and your tendies
if you gotta ask, grindr is for u
Yea that's tragic.

That was an all around humango fail, they reached super hard on that one.

I feel like the dynamics there were different to say NKE or TWTR but we'll see.

Good luck! You should be $MT Gang anyway!!!!
Yahoo pool
Yeah that could happen, but typically you’re in pretty reliable non-volatile companies for that. 


https://www.fool.com/investing/2018/06/22/5-top-dividend-kings-to-buy-and-hold-forever.aspx
Girlfriend fell asleep during Gladiator(2000). Do I wake her up for the final battle lmao
🧑🏻‍🚀🔫🧑🏻‍🚀
Look at the holdings and weights, decide for yourself
[removed]
No.
i bought nio stocks on thursday before watching this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW021MpkVno
I tried selling calls to fund the leaps and Ive been getting crushed on the short calls. Am just letting this thing ride now its been exploding too aggressively and i lost money on the first couple diagonals i tried to enter

Im in the jan ‘22 150c
Buying opportunity
[deleted]
Yea I’m working on that right now
I appreciate this tweet
i don’t know if this is a compliment or an insult LMAO
No, you make them into chicken tenders
Lol that's an LP?

Holy shit that's only 5 percent held by insistutions?
MODS
Got it... comment still stands no money here lol
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Kid Cudi - Tequila Shots (Of](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZcRSy0sk5w) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZcRSy0sk5w)⠀►►⠀ 2:10 / 3:15 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Me too, I need to become an upset tourist

Bullish on AMC, you’re even more retarded than I am!
Qcom will go up 2% on this news
Yes
Don't know about the other stuff but there are plenty making tons in the stock market. This bull market, according to people here, will last at least the next 4 years and might never end.
you're threatening my MT calls by implication and I don't like it
Still smarter than half the country who voted for him
What an ass
Puts on this guys gf
He's obviously nervous about this crucial decision
[North Korea's sending threats over youtube](https://youtu.be/1ItYFz-xUfs)
[deleted]
I almost always ladder contracts for something like this. IMO it just diversifies the play. Some contracts might hit big for whatever reason while others only gain a little. Also gives you more options on how you wanna trim the position or exercise.
Alexa play tequila shots
I’m scared it’s going to go away
You're right. You see this lambo behind me? It's totally not from renting it for a day. I can give you the real tips on how to become a millionaire. I'm so selfless that giving away these tips would ruin me financially but I'm gonna spread it anyways.
Espn cringe af these days
Monday fo sho
https://twitter.com/RichardMoglen/status/1347935131118534656?s=09
take that shit elsewhere you abusive prick...
It really is an embarrassment - they should have kept the deal with NKLA - at least they knew how to market nonexistent products
Oh no it’s a Palantard bagholder!
still Grindr
Sold at a loss? Wtf does that mean
YOU WON'T GET TOP DOLLAR FOR YOUR FLESHLIGHT WHEN YOU RE-SELL IT.
Ginger ale it is
flat PM, dip at open, then takes off for no reason at all. You heard it here first
[deleted]
I wonder if there was a good AOL forum back in the dot com bubble era where retards swapped yolo option plays?
Nio does what Tesla dont 🦔
Sell 30 calls a week buy 15 puts. The week the shares are called away, call it a successful trade and move on.
Right?
Ban EAPN
What if it’s In N Out?
You're allowed to  buy shares but they have to be memeable
Then I make my move
His creamy waifu
Seriously? Wtf. I have several thousand at $18. You tell me
It’s a good point, but I don’t know why anyone would sell PLTR right now. It’s nowhere near overvalued. Hold it for at least a year or so and ride it up.
Yes, especially leveraged shares w/margin.
Apple J with a little bit of vinegar
You do know AMZN lost 90% of its value after that and took 10 years to gain it back, right? That’s your sell?
Tesla can't open red so she's safe
Trumpers asked the same thing about antifa and blm a few months ago.
as a beginner who buys a couple of shares, i realized i need to spend at least 6 figures to make insane amounts of money
Lol
[deleted]
We get it
robinhood did for a short time with box spreads in a round about way. Sadly I think the most premium ever generated was only like 2mil
This.
This reads like a true American tragedy.
yeah election fraud!

/s
We would’ve broken out of the pattern by then but hopefully it’s a catalyst to pump the price to the mid 30s or higher
U 🌈 or smthn?
Seth is a legend who played the rona crash to the tune of 500 million in gains mostly via tsla calls
Damn espn went full weeb 

https://twitter.com/espn/status/1348075414820974598?s=21
We would’ve broken out of the pattern by then but hopefully it’s a catalyst to pump the price to the mid 30s or higher
How much will TWTR drop next week?
Most live in a different world bro. My gfs extended family went and half don’t have jobs or they work construction etc and the boss was going too
Heard Cali going to start a 120 mile radius travel restriction unless you can provide the “proper paperwork”...

Sounds like something Nazi Germany would have done in the 30’s
Holy fuck this thing straight BOOMING
Your anime bodypillow you mean
I am a simple retard. I see don steel papi, I upvote. Let’s get this rusty dumpster to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
nah I'm just to small to make the gain posts. both in % and $. But I am green AT
*opens google*
 
*searches furiously*
  
*no luck*
 
*faps to anime porn instead*
HOW?
How!?
Sell NIO and buy ccl leaps
If robinhood is removing LP as a buying option I wonder if we will see a drop in the pipelines. It seems that alot of retail yield chased these.
Idk man, I’ve noticed that the more positive I am on reddit the more downvotes I get lol. Also for some reason the come down from shrooms was absolutely awful the only two times I’ve experienced it
Lilmisstitties69
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/jadeson123|[I am quite nervous after my Tesla shares value doubled to two millions USD in two month . Should I take my 1 millions USD profit and buy something else ?](https://redd.it/ku8bhi)
/u/cameron5047|[Hey there fellow autist’s. I just deposited the remaining £35 I had in my bank to trading 212, what do I invest into.](https://redd.it/ku8jpk)
/u/pizza4321123|[Ok so do people here have mentors?](https://redd.it/ku8qhm)
/u/NightcoreRo|[Facebook puts???](https://redd.it/ku8s01)
/u/RamenRen|[New To Stonks, What's 🚀🚀 for a guy with 2K to blow?](https://redd.it/ku8xwo)
/u/WallStreetMets|[$ONCT](https://redd.it/ku8zx0)
/u/WallStreetMets|[$ONCT](https://redd.it/ku8zx0)
/u/callsfordays|[Shorting Big Tech?](https://redd.it/ku904c)
/u/kingsofall|[The hell is wrong with discord?](https://redd.it/ku92z8)
/u/iotabadger|[Biden planning on pumping trillions into the economy - what does this mean for us? Bull run 2021?](https://redd.it/ku9cob)
GM's new logo looks like a kid with down syndrome drew it.
> June at the earliest. Now pushed back to August and onto 2022 fookin retard

Unless I'm reading it wrong, he meant that this run may last until August now, instead of his first DD projecting the tendies would end in June
these are hedged calls right?
That's for bears I need one for bulls
Sorry bud. Maybe don't leave your wallet at the bar this week.
World of Tanks
your one loss is spread out to feed ten people
Some rich ass guy on YouTube that likes to give away free such and makes content out of it.

He was also posted here a couple of months ago for investing advice. Aka, what stock and options to Yolo.
Well yeah, that happens when $230b in Market cap is created in like a week.
Who cares
Looks like a lot were cops and ex military
Pee on a cup and drink
illegal to lose money during such a green week
Haha imagine they land ITM😬😬
the only issue with them is human patience, people convince themselves leaps are a good idea for something only to sell 3 weeks later
I mean there could be a drop that gets you out at a good exit point. I honestly thought they would keep senate too. I hate playing puts because I feel like in this market it’s hard unless you know the company has bad news coming.  Tsla is crazy. I would buy puts on Ba or some of the Chinese stocks that get fucked with but. I hope you find a good exit or maybe during a big dip it prints for you
if tesla opens red ima beat my girlfriend
Believe in it enough to hold shares, not calls
Next time you’re over for dinner and they’re serving potatoes, pretend like you don’t know what they are


Edit: [for the uninitiated](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2tdbig/tifu_by_enraging_the_parents_of_my_girlfriend_by/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
[deleted]
Grindr
You’re goddamn retarded.
rip
Now that every American is getting 2.5k/month for at least 12 months, should we expect SPY 500?
you can only carryforward 3k from the previous year tho
It all make sense, but I can’t visualize that shit. It’s like typing in the air. I’d like to spread Micky this year and go long, but I’m not ready
Puts on Parler
They normally have dead end menial jobs - which is why they get meaning from doing dumb political stunts and don’t care about getting fired for doing it

It’s like being free in a way when you don’t care about the consequences
You were the only one
Worked ot for the last two months to get an extra 5k let’s see how fast I can Lose it Monday😎
What does PM stand for?
already was bud. Already was
Elon Musks semen.
tell them you've only been able to walk backwards
I bought Dec calls because I didn’t read. Cohen made them print anyway.
Stricly for shareholders it's not even that bad, I'm still up despite the ER disaster. I will increase at end of month probably, depending on how it goes next days.
Best dating app?
Sell half hold rest for retirement
Ginger ale
Why won’t my broker just let sell like a 100000 way otm puts and become a millionaire off of the premiums 😡
[removed]
Lol this was around before 2009. That max chart is what's going to happen when the bubble bursts.
Kangaroos are better pets than dogs/cats. They are hilarious and will box you for fun. The also like drinking beer, which is cool.
This. Let's goo 🚀🚀🚀
Salt and a lime
Lol Gluck w that
ginger ale tbh. apple juice and coke both sound awful.
[deleted]
I lost so much fucking money this week.
Imagine your kids seeing that in their history book (history website in the future)
republic >
Show them your portfolio
Maybe in your shithole country run by 🥭’s
[removed]
This is all the DD I needed thxx
It's concerning, especially cause I'm not in the gain category
hope you're paying your quarterly taxes.
I hope i make an extra $1 this upcoming week
Hiccup after every sentence and insist you have no idea what they’re talking about when they mention it
Okay fr I got tequila but hate it but gonna take a shot. I have coke, ginger ale, and apple juice.

What do I use to send it
They do meth for living
[deleted]
It seems you’re new to the game so ill let you figure it out lmao. In a year when ur depressed and tired of different pussy that never stays with you, you could try the normal route that always works. However you’re final “pussy” suggests that ur a homo considering I never hear a man unironically call someone pussy unless they are in the closet.
ya'lll are fam [af you](https://af.you) know who u are
is it? what’s ur take?
Doesn't that pronoun mean poop
Yeah, the big difference between what they're doing and the typical people who front run their followers with signal services and call outs is they actually buy solid companies rather than pump and dump penny stocks.

You happen to know when they started sending out trade notifications?
https://youtu.be/1tYvGfF1Gkg
LAC
Lol surprised no one mentioned that yet. 🌈🐻
Phrasing sounded like CATL would be selling Nio's battery to Tesla. 

Everybody is going to have to build battery factories at scale, or Tesla is just going to steamroll them all. 

I wouldn't peg CATL for battery innovation. QS, yes. But it would have to be better than whatever Tesla has, and the 4680 is going into Tesla cars this year, not 2024. Probably the Model S Plaid and Cybertruck first while they build up factories. 

And Tesla isn't going to pack up and declare victory because they made the 4680, they're going to continue designing better batteries, so it'll be... probably one more iteration between now and 2024? QS better be on the ball. 

I didn't know CATL supplied lithium. I thought they were a battery cell only deal?
Mango tweets were one of the last weapons in the bears arsenal. Buy calls guys I don’t want you all to suffer any longer
lower IV than calls.
I see what u did there , but it seems they have evolved, so u no get award
Not much
Can’t believe Cramer gets so much hate on the sub when he drops gems like this regularly.
Shit was $40 like two weeks ago.
A Dating APP or Game Show where the suitor must show their trading history.  The one with the better winrate will get more match.
I live in Florida and work on the beach all day. Spending all day in 90 degree heat to come home and be cold all night is the best feeling ever.
[removed]
[removed]
Covfefe
My boy, one *share?*
For sure, I’ve thrown out some humble brags on here just to ‘get it off my chest’. My wife doesn’t even really know how well we’re setup. My kangaroo does though. 👀
Mad good
Except ICLN is worst
Yeah it’s just your body fixing it self on semen retention, don’t waste your jizz by flushing it down the Toilet. Next time you should try eating it so it gets absorbed back into your body
[deleted]
And once the selling starts everyone that doesn’t want to be stuck holding the bag will sell.  I call it a tsellnami
just do what you're doing, full autust
Something buffet would buy then?
How does everyone feel about the US being a Corporatocracy instead of a Democracy or Republic?

https://www.huffingtonpost.com/bruce-e-levine/the-myth-of-us-democracy-corporatocracy_b_836573.html

https://en.m.wikiquote.org/wiki/Corporatocracy
Lol not a chance. Maybe in a year
You could also wheel them out 2 or 3 at a time for further calls at a similar price. 0
Oh god, this has been haunting me for a while. I had an opportunity to go all in back in March, but instead I bought a plane. Bruh moment
...again, because it is a wildly popular subreddit that makes it onto the mainstream news a decent amount. It doesnt really hurt reddits image at all, and it is just bizarre and sort of esoteric enough to be considered sort of cool and aloof which gives reddit internet clout.
Shhhhh
It’s like having a 20 yr old car, not doing any maintenance on it then blaming the car manufacturer when something goes wrong. So basically calls on TSLA.

What will be interesting is if BA goes down Monday does that take down airbus with it and crate an opportunity
How?
[deleted]
Why the spread?
CLF is making me 💦💦💦 everyday.
Just listening to US steel daddy tell analysts to kill themselves is icing on the cake.
Unless u ugly af
!RemindMe 3 months "check on that dumbass you doesn't take profits"
app’s spokesman should be mike tyson, app’s name should be psth, as in “psth, come here i’m vacthenated”
Real talk, nurses see a lot of people die that they couldn't help save. They start looking for alternatives hoping it will help.
Am I too late on NVIDIA? I feel like them partner with Nio shows real capability that could extend to other carmakers?
Yea somehow I paid 200 for 12 of those calls. Fomo is a bitch. Oh well I guess diamond 💎 blah blah
Better than Subway
I’ve been listening to “In your eyes” on repeat today
I think we go to see 1200 area and correct early February. Lot of FOMO buyers and retail investors pumping this. With Biden’s relief package I’m long on energy
Something about pulling the flowers and watering your weeds. Fuck you, congratulations. Glad it went to some moron on the internet rather than some hedge fund asshoels.
Why the down votes? The man speaks truth.

I also love the come down from shrooms, for different reasons.

Cocaine on the other hand...
No
Oh god. I’m jealous. What’s your plan for the money?
ISS aint the moon
Yes, because it reaffirms my confirmation bias
[deleted]
I mean I haven't tested it yet but it should work 100%
Oh
ICLN same shit but cheaper
What’s her onlyfans?
u/vitocorlene is there a steel ETF that's worth putting some money into? My 401k doesn't allow to trade stocks so looking for some ETF that will follow the same trend.
do y'all still believe in AMD at this point?
I feel like I’m the only one of here that yolos the whole portfolio into an option and loses all but 10% and makes it back and run it back

I will never not do a retarded yolo

On my way to the top of the spectrum 🚀🚀🚀
This the truth 

Reddit runs on WSB love
I'm sure it'll pay off. Might do the same. What are your positions if you don't mind my asking? Selling poor man covered calls on ARKK might help hedge against downside risk.
[deleted]
it literally can't go against you cuz it's in the money idk what he's talking about
Yeah, you should fucking sell
I'm 5 whiskies deep.  

WTF do Trumpers do for a job? I look at my work circle and NO one would waste time taking multiple days off to drive 1000 miles to DC to ransack the Capitol Bldg.  Are these people just unemployed, or have jobs with very low wages?   How in the hell do you have enough time drive to DC AND threaten the EC vote + inauguration?
Berlin will have 2 million capacity. Austin likely more because it will be the largest factory in the world. Then there's future expansions and efficiency developments. They'll be building more like 10 factories maximum, between now and 2030. Tesla has shown it can build multiple factories at once. 

No supply issue, since Teslas are higher quality cars than what GM, Toyota, etc make, and Tesla's EVs will have much lower cost. 

Careful, you'll talk yourself out of money, friend.
Kangaroos are homies, straight up. Dogs shit and need walks and constant vet checkups, cats sleep, shit, & expect you to scoop it every Thursday. You can legally own kangaroos in most US states. Highly recommend, the chicks love em.
Don’t do it
LMAO 🤣
Quick someone tweet him
The guy said IV ramp retard. It's the opposite of IV crush.
Earnings are in Feb so 30 in Feb is quite realistic given the current trend. But lol idk lmao I’m just a random autist
They gotta fit multiple Doc’s dicks!!
I cannot stress this enough, PHOTOS ARE THE KEY TO TINDER. Have someone with a DSLR take photos of u and the pussy you’ll get is well worth the cost lol
HONESTLY TRU THO
Trades off news..yup.. retarded
sell everything that’s not ARKG and ICLN and buy more ARKG and ICLN, and maybe some ARKK as a hedge
You guys shilling PBW yet?
[deleted]
More fuk: Bears on Sunday, or Bears on Monday?
I spotted the retard!
You mean from Saudi Arabia? ... Bin Laden was hiding out in Pakistan but Saudia was his real backer. 

I truly think the War on Terror was the biggest mistake America has made in 50 years, but I gotta say the whole notion of America going into the middle east because of oil is completely untrue. It is such a common talking point. We could have spent 10% of the war cost to find our own oil on our own soil and replace any lost ME oil with ease.
Doubles money in 6 weeks ........ "isn't even impressive at all". Hmmm. Smells like the markets gone full fart-tard.
Yeah sorry I thought you were gayer
Short seller report and share lockup expiration. Still have a lot of bullish PTs and lockup period is over
[deleted]
LEAPS are the way brother. With a high delta you can still get that dopamine hit from huge swings, but you have tons of time to recover
Haha no
Remember George W Bush’s base? Exactly. 

The base that can be swayed by a reality TV clown, can be swayed by any asshole who says certain keywords.
So why not take $1M on margin and buy this? Easily cover the margin interest... What am I missing?
My pitch is a dating app where you need to be vaccinated to join. It’s called Pandemic Pussy and I hope to be acquired by PSTH this year. Thoughts?
Hope
I think the US dollar has to get stronger for that to be possible. Not sure if I’m correct.
Nothing is a reach
Tesla literally went to the moon

&#x200B;

Is there room for GME up there?
I love to see people here haven’t even heard about this retard. This is such a divers... place.
🅱️EEKEND 🅱️OW UP 0.02%
Yup the halo effect is present. They've been doing that since before their notoriety, but they must know they have that impact. I've noticed they go long and stay long though.
You can reason through it for how exposed you want to be to certain factors. There's a greek called delta that tells you how much the contract price will move as the underlying share price moves a dollar. For combinations of contracts delta is essentially additive. So you could buy a spread on Tesla, as OP did, and it wouldn't be as susceptible to price movements. 

The overall delta for the position would be the delta of the long leg minus the delta of the short leg. Spreads can be easier to manage, because they're less likely to tank (compared to a long call contract) since the delta exposure is offset by the sold contract.

Of course, deltas change as the price changes, so if you're going for a certain overall delta exposure through time, you may need to adjust your position accordingly.
[deleted]
[deleted]
A hippy nurse milf?

I think you know what to do.
[deleted]
saw some guy ask how much TSLA moved in one day and got a wrong response so i’m gunna set it straight,

some time last year (i don’t remember the date) pre-split TSLA moved +$250 in one morning and then crashed in the afternoon. 

those were the real TSLA days
You know selling puts is bullish right? lol
i'd never imagine in a million years that this thot would be pushing robinhood... and its her "hobby"?? fuckkkkk
You better be selling calls, and making some extra bank. 1000c  3/19. Sell 30 of those bitches, and you make a quick 250k.... If it runs to 1000, congrats, you just went even higher, and banked an extra 250k.
She doesn't give a shit who Ryan Cohen is, she's just answering emails all day with the same kind of queries
Who’s Seth?
I didn’t see if the news applied to the tariffs
Y'all got houses?
Gtfo with shares. Go to r/Investing
Lmao isn't it like for june or something???
My dear melancholy my boi
Irritating to see 250+ pound women call themselves “thicc” though tbh
Yeah I also like mug.
Was their a point buying tsla shares when it was starting out?
Heard him plug it on Hot Ones, sounds interesting. He's a wild bastard with much needed optimism, planning on picking it up soon
PLUG and FCEL to the moon
Well he has to decide if he reverses it back or not
Theta gang is just as 🏳️‍🌈 as 🐻
[deleted]
Fuck with all these TSLA gain porn it’s making me so salty. I’m steel gang hope I can post some gain porn of mine when $MT hits 30 in feb
That’s the way.
No way bro earned it is unironically good
Yeah. I took a bad bet repubs were gona hold the senate. Then I just kept holding thinking “this can’t possibly get any worse.” Lol. Pulled my stop losses and just said fuck it and averaged down last Thursday before close. Then Friday happened. Fuck me
Both are actual disgusting to me
Only risk in arkk is my paper hands. Gonna diamond these into 2022 cathie can do no wrong
aw hell naw bro that's sad
But then how do I buy at discount
[deleted]
I’m not against a dividend but I don’t believe it should be your primary driver. There are legit people holding OIL stocks for a 3% dividend. I think a solid blue chip with a dividend is fine for DRIP but I can’t stand people blindly investing only for dividend
Very doubtful
You lose a lot more as well if it goes against you
“Everyone told me not to buy lotto tickets but guess what? I just kept on buying and hit the jackpot so obviously I was right all long!”
For anyone reading this.. I got fucked today.
Brutal call
Bro. Can’t sleep without
I had similar experience. When the Malaysian flight got shot down in Ukraine, the closest plane was about 20km away going to Singapore. I was on the next daily flight of that closest plane.

Crazy to think had they decided to shoot down a plane a day later could have easily been me.

I was anxious as hell until we got past eastern Europe the next day.
I'm not saying it's not a good soda. But I guess I'm more a Dr pepper/ coke zero guy.
[deleted]
Get the vaccine and act super weird for a few days
Gillette lost 8 billion to "The best men can be"
https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2019/jul/31/gillettes-toxic-masculinity-ad-haunts-pg-as-shavin/
[removed]
Depends, if your RH account isn't down 90 percent then dude moon curses you to a life of bagholding and fomo.
Any point buying NIO shares?
I just had sex
No sell off. Straight rocket mission up to the moon🚀🚀🚀🚀
Damn. I like the stocks but manager risk is real.
give her small pox
I don’t think anyone here is disagreeing with you. The company has the right to do whatever tf they want. The point is, it’s bad publicity and it’s pissing off millions and millions of people. Ie. it’s bad for business. Ie. it’s bad for stock price.
damn weekends are so boring without the buzz of the stock market
Nio prob gonna rise to 100 within 2 weeks
I'm buying puts Feb out of spite lol

I understand it happens but the administration dumped all their shares before announcement. Also, you seem like a good lad but fuck those pigs at SWIne
Daddy Vito says no
I agree, just like y'know generally it's been like  10:1 gain:loss for hard pumps like June and August, and 1:10 for septembers. I imagine if you went back in time to those days you'd see the ratios
She interview Elon few years ago I think in 2018? Look it up
 makes sense
This lunch money
[deleted]
Portfolio has VALE, LAC, LTHM, ARKG, ICLN? 
WHICH ONE SHOULD I CUT OUT!!!?? 
OR DO I NEED THEM ALL DAMMIT.?
Talking about Cathie?

I'm not 30 yet, but close. Started trading in my early 20s. Still remember seeing my dad stress about 2008.
Oh, so you're giving me money in more ways than one. It all makes sense now :)
Big tech social media needs to die. We need to go back to conversations on the porch....
You make some good points, luckily I’m not really impulsive and don’t plan on having kids. Do you have any recommendations for where I can learn about trading?
I do but trading doesn't resume until Sunday night so still no trading on Saturdays and most of Sunday. For 24/7, there's shitkoins.

I like it much better than options.
Bed wet thicc
Lmao

Perfect example of market irrational longer than someone being liquid. Or something.
Always buy options in the money. If you're in the money, you're making money. Can't go tits up it's genius
Crispr can make you black ;)
[removed]
There is a 11 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 12 hours on [**2021-01-10 07:12:41 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-01-10%2007:12:41%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktv5lt/clov_health_dd_bullish_heres_my_back_of_envelope/gioklqa/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fktv5lt%2Fclov_health_dd_bullish_heres_my_back_of_envelope%2Fgioklqa%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-01-10%2007%3A12%3A41%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ktv5lt)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Buzz your girlfriend...WOOF!
I WANNA SEE THE WSB  DAILY WITH THE MOST HEAT? IM TALKIN WHEEL HORSEPOWER. WHO GOT IT? NOT ME THAT FUR SHER. IF PACKIN, POST THE FUCK UP\~!
I came, I saw
Nice tie
Imagine how many loss porn posts are lost to ROPE
Stickers keep the admins away. Why do you think we haven’t been shut down?
It can, but I don’t think that’s next week. I think we get more overall market exuberance until at least after the inauguration unless some crazy shit happens.
Cult level propaganda
??? It's lemonade. Yall declaring war on Sprite lovers now? Me and all two other sprite lovers will ruin you retard
[deleted]
It’s going to be more of that from what I see. 

I think this is a Q2 play at this point. If you’re getting frustrated, imagine what the rest of the gang feels like. Another stagnant week and it’s selling off into eom.
Are you trying to get hepatitis?
Wait so we don't have to pay to watch!? Thanks for the link. I thought we had to pay to watch!!
Yes “Bill Ackman is bullish on stocks for 2021, but has a hedge position for a ‘tragic’ end to 2020”
People used to sleep in two shifts, until capitalism and the industrial revolution came
ngl I would fuck a dirty stripper too
Starting Monday, you can’t buy any more MT on RH (if that is what you’re using).
I’m here for TSLA confirmation bias and I’m disappointed. TSLA $100 EOW
[deleted]
rafael cruz wants to be el presidente in 4 years and knows he needs mango's base
ARKG I'm more bullish on. I am a scientist and know the tech.

I guess it's ARKK specifically and Cathie herself I'm curious about.
wrong,  pre split TSLA moved +$250 one morning and the crashed in the afternoon
Oh man. especially the riot  calls..
Cathie literally said on Bloomberg she’s the most confident in arkg instead of her other ark funds like next generation internet or automation etc.
imagine getting quality advice and your cognitive dissonance can’t acknowledge it
Options with no theta
Hamburger is better
Or calls, only way we get to 10 loss and 1 gain lmao
Been working since 2012
[removed]
Easier to post gains than losses though.
Already made $44 🚀🚀🚀
Never tell anyone you FIRE or don't need to work.
buying NVDA!
GM changing to the logo drawn by a preschooler should make TSLA go up on Monday

These other auto companies are a joke. Can’t even make their logo cool, nevermind compete in electric
Good news I love my TSMC
Bull Ackman?
[deleted]
WSB is legit notorious, reddit gains from WSB autist clout without the stickers.
pre split TSLA moved +$250 dollars in one morning and then crashed in the afternoon
America killed hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and completely decimated the country for a terrorist attack from Pakistan. 

Iran has just as much oil as Iraq. If Iran had any responsibility, they know they would absolutely ravaged.

As greedy and stupid as the Iraq war was, no sovereign nation is ever gonna fund a terrorist attack against America because of it.
Im horny and incel
Nah bro the weeknd is for the boys. Especially 2014 and before

It’s sad boy hours shit
I'm new to this as well. Had 100 arkk at 102, sold first cc on it last week 130 strike, fucker took off Thursday and Friday, not pissed but not ecstatic about it either, something to keep in mind.
Holy fuck another person who stans Heartless. My fav song for years
Hey, nice 2 shares of ARKG buddy.
There should be a wave of TSLA put loss posts soon
Mitch McConnell is the kind of guy lot of people underestimate. He spoke out against objections on the vote certification hours before the mayhem. Ted Cruz is the kind of idiot who jumped on the wagon and his words will always be used against him.
I'm interested in purchasing so your mom can be the caretaker. ❤
Saying they will be buying lithium from CATL, so NIO may not be able to get as many batteries as they like. Tesla will be only manufacturer without limited supply. If CATL has a breakthrough with a QS like battery which I’m sure Tesla is working on they could also buy some of them. This is 2024 we are talking about
Calls on QS?
I do not like short term GME. 

Looks like it rolls over first.
What a save!
Wondering if GEs earnings will do anything. Got a 11.5C past it just for shits
But how did his 530 $ bet become valued at 17k? What would he have won if he won the bet and was correct
I mean, it went up 20% in one week. It can go down 20% in one week too right
With the restriction on Taiwan been lift.  I expect to see AMD & TSMC to moon.
Carry-over loss offset. Hope he hits it big this year lol
Probably. I don't really follow billionaires' predictions so don't know what their track record is or whether they care if they're constantly wrong.

There is one billionaire I read about just the other day though after someone posted an article he wrote earlier this week. He's supposedly known for predicting crashes (Japan recession in the 80s, dot com, and 2008 crash). He was 3 years early on the Japan one though. For this next one, he said this year, late Spring or early Summer but admits it's hard to get the timing right.

So likely a crash within the next 3 years if he happens to be 3 years early again.
#do not click this link.  Probably a Chinese virus
You're right, your broker will automatically sell your shares for u
Buy them at open. NIO will def print all day
[deleted]
  The problem with the Tesla bubble is they are the leader in an EV segment  that in many ways will help turn the tide against co2 and prevent climate change. The real question we should be asking is. How big is Teslas moat?
[removed]
Guh
bumble ipo will only make mtch 🚀🚀
Some of that was worry when it became clear dems could take the senate.  

NASDAQ100 was hurting untl about Thursday/Friday.

My AMZN and PYPL spreads where hurting until Friday.
"all" is a bit of a reach
tldr¿
The whole concept of AH and EH sound unnecessarily complex, why not just let everyone trade during these times and call thia the new "market hours"? I may be missing something obvious though.
Get the Gordita crunch but with beans instead, trust me!
I’ve been laughing at this for so long now my breathing sounds like OP
There’s nothing in this world that compares to coming down from being really fucking stoned
Is this what in the fuck we're doing now?  I vaguely remember a gecko or shrimp or some shit before
I switched to water enhancers.
[deleted]
I think you need a break from the internet
[deleted]
I win cumslut award
Not at all.
lesson learned boy, on to the next opportunity
Reddit is owned by China. Give it to charity instead.
It keeps the lights on here, literally.
I mean yeah but idk what stocks id invest in. Valve has the best kit but they’re not public. Facebook I guess
Stimulus deets on Thursday, bruh
Anyone here do E-mini future trading? Considering how many of you fuckssticks hate weekends...I imagine some of you are doing it?

How is it?
You ever heard of MySpace?
F
ICLN
It slaps. Heartless makes me cum and should be the WSB anthem
Exactly bro. Some of these normies just dont understand
Well fuck 
IQ 400 over here.
Teach me the wayz
Vito hates MT can’t you read
[deleted]
no it is not silly. It will get you laid with all women
I don't follow him since I'm too old for his demo. But yeah.  FUCK HIM & THE OTHER GUY with that shitty puzzle scam.
positions or ban
You can't exercise a short call.
Same, thinking of buying more of these next week, especially if there’s a dip
I wanna hear from someone that wasn’t a nio tard until the Nvidia announcement. If I buy calls is this shit actually gonna print for a few days? I feel like we’ll get the same run up PLUG got from the South Korea deal.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOO YALL DIDNT HAVE TO DO ALL THAT
It's the shorts trying to manipulate
Lowest level of acidity for your teeth.
Lol

Tesla going up $60B per day doesn’t?
There, now shut up
[deleted]
It’s the American cheese and the fact that they deep fry the whole damn thing.
Issue with a lot of these companies is they would have to build brick-and-mortar stores to compete with every Tom, Dick, and Harry who grows their own weed in the basement. They have already shown they don’t have to buy from the big distributors to be successful. Some of the big distributors are really just shell corporations anyway.  I think the real money would be in the cannabis seed companies moreso than the distributors. Or the brick-and-mortar chain companies that already exist in places like LA, Las Vegas, Colorado, etc. that could franchise out locations in all 50 states. I don’t know if a Canopy or Chronos would be interested in that sort of thing.
RemindMe! 6 days
Everyone pretty much anticipating a pump from nio day
MT is foreign, so ya
Upload meme content directly to Reddit please. No third party sites. This warning can also fire if you made a selfpost Meme and posted a URL in the selftext instead of uploading a picture.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lmao. God first full employment second.
hey what’s up! happy new year, how have u been?

oh that’s cool 😆 hey are you interested in going out with me sometime?

awesome, i was thinking this saturday, you free?

it’s literally that easy boys.
Have never held options longer than a week but damn I think I may actually get these itm ICLN leaps for the long. Ofc I will keep staring at RH all day like a degenerate trader anyway as the voice in my head calls me a pussy if I don’t diamond hand that shit into 2022
boeing a main sponsor of seahawks. fitting
Is it gay to like The Weeknd’s music?
fuck it I’ll ride
I wonder if market won't be as strong once everyone has to start paying back their students. I won't be able to invest as much come end of January.
Da fuq does gold actually even do though... Give a benji to a homeless drug addict fuck least he'll notice
I remember how jacked this place was as we approached 300 on SPY and now 400 a year later is just 🥱
Rolling over options means closing your positions and buying the new option at a new time, all in one trade.
That could get stopped out on Monday though
yeah its always tough to decide whether to take profits or hold on...I guess that's where the whole diamond hands things comes from. Are you in Tesla? I took my profits and got out but I still believe that the company will continue to do big things going forward. I will probably look to get in if it takes a dip.
[deleted]
They also implemented, wait for it, SIGNATURE VERIFICATION! You know, that democracy killing thing.
Another plane crash, but not their MAX model, and most likely Indonesian Air internal issues, again. They’re, being Boeing, immune to news but there exist easier plays out there right now IMO
HOTDOG
No.
Idk but my 6/18 25c looking pretty tasty
Jizz on some donuts right before someone takes a bite
[deleted]
Him holding TSLA!
shitty acq
Woah woah woah.  He said she was the only one he slept with.  Doesn’t mean she was only sleeping with him....
[deleted]
My ex back in college was one, the breakup sucked, nothing like going to your shitty internship while seeing her face everywhere on billboard in the metro.  Was nice while its lasted.
Awards?
Ok there guy who predicts things
This was 2 days ago... A little late off the start.
Refreshing isn't it?
Tesla won't buy that battery. They're making the 4680, which has 5x energy, 6x power and 16%more range. 

The current long range model S can go 402 miles on 100 kwh battery... that's 135 mpge. Nio with 621 on 150 kwh is 138 mpge. 

Model S with the battery upgrade goes 466 on 100kwh, which is 157 mpge. 

So... nope.
[removed]
That was a legit play a few years ago.
And dilution is dilution, weird.
I think I sold you 10 of those.
What of it goes to 100? You can retire today. Diversify your investments.
it tracks along TSLA now because its a way to play batteries;

You know... the key interval part in the supply chain of TSLA's business model...
A one sided, not-even-really-news, news story is all this baba needs to pop! 

When they report and remind the world that they’re growing cloud revenue +75%, moon.
Technically if you never sell then you essentially lost 100% of your investment
ER is end of month, it will be a blowout. Suspect we see a nice run up to ER
Should I just sell MT and X to go all in VALE?
I never understood who would choose sprite. There are million soda choices and they go with sprite?
If you can figure out the best price strike that is.
Lmaoooo fuking weird
My phone data doesn't work and my new phone won't be here til Wednesday so i won't have service til Thursday. Sure fuckin hope nothing big happens in the market while I'm at work and can't trade
[deleted]
?? You are an idiot, its clear now.
Huya itself is like 1/6th the revenue of BILI, but 1/10th the price. Huya seems to get less love than it's peers on a value basis. I feel like that gaps has to close at some point. I am also super bullish on Huya's [Nimo.tv](https://Nimo.tv). It covers some of the most up and coming growth markets in gaming.

idk, I just think once they are combined, and with Tencent behind them, they just can't lose. Unless Pooh Bear nukes Tencent, of course.

I guess I would also think it might be good to spread the dollars across a couple of the companies to manage risk a bit.
🎶 All the other bears with the gaped up bums 🎶
lol
A luxury brand weekend bag or a backpack?  Wtf?  Found the chick...

These bros will yolo $10K in the blink of an eye but will need to sleep on deciding whether or not to buy a $12 t-shirt
The play is double down on your cash out and put your initial 100k investment on puts.
We will pour one out for your sacrifice and shake our fists at the stonk gods in the sky.
Wait...  you don’t have a kangaroo?  Fucking peasant.
Stocktwits does have some good posters. Lots of dark pool prints
I choked on my saliva haha thank you
Rookie.  I would have do half/half, $50 on Hooker & $50 on Blows.
Biden will lay out the stimulus plan. Supposedly it includes $2k checks, increase in unemployment, major tax credits/support for EVs/EV infrastructure.
I would comfortably start dollar cost averaging Shorts/Puts starting Monday.
Wow who would of guessed! I bought them like 3 months ago
Lol is that Vangaurd?
[removed]
This deserves gold
[deleted]
Lmao ohhh cmon. Only $100? Pussy

Edit: how much was that?
Jeff Bozo
k24 block, k20z3 head, cams, oil pump, etc
Fuck he SEC this dork tried to make kids have a gambling addiction.
If he's supposedly as wealthy as people here are implying and can't think of anything valuable and more enriching to do with his life than youtube cast, that's pathetic.  YouTube isn't a passion.  It's a job.
those aren't leaps anymore, we're in 2021
this dude has covid or something...
Sounds a lot like your wife’s boyfriend.
Two things about this tells me you're Austrian
People have been posting this pennant over and over but wheres the rocketship?

Seems like a Tim Burton pennant shape.
Mods, flair this fucker. Congrats OP
I just noticed it absolutely plunged late December. The fuck happened? It was at $62
Sell it all rn. Thank me later
Wondering if I should I should yolo all into mt or go vale mt and icln. I just wanna go balls deep on 6/18 30$ mt calls.
>like a year ago when I was 20


Excuse me while I die inside
Both
Thermostat housing
[removed]
Me too
i believe it will continue to moon, TSLA will be a 1 trillion dollar company by the end of Q1. calls on TSLA
> kangaroo

WTF seriously?  Please explain in detail we are all curious.
[deleted]
If I make 2k this week (I made 3k last week) I’m spending $100 on reddit gold and spoiling yall. I love you motherfuckers for real lol
TA is cool and all, but have you ever tried fundamentals? This thing’s going to be held down by the tutes until lockup is over so they can get the cheapest shares possible.
Looked it up, US counts for about 70mil of that 200, I feel like the people moved enough to actually delete it aren't that significant.

I'm just saying historically shit never plays out that way so I would not be quick to tell dude to dump his shares.  If he feel a way then sure, fuck TWTR but I wouldn't dump it due to concerns about Trump fans leaving.

Again I mentioned NKE, supporting BLM/Kapernick and shading Trump in a few add runs.  Everyone said you just pissed off half the country.  NKE stood by their decision to get in the middle of all that.

The stock dipped a few %, traded side ways for some months then took off again.

If TWTR was a quick play for this guy, then yea, might want to watch it come Monday but if it was a long term play, I would worry, specifically because of Trump.
lol they got the hall of fame started on there
u/PencilChant is a gentleman and a scholar, and has sent me my 5 spot
Explain pls
That super hard to get MBA! You have to spend two full years drinking and partying...it's tough
700 puts
 🌳
Hell yea brother you need to get that perfect fan for that perfect 😴
Calm down, little girl.  No one's concerned with your retard anger.
I wonder who's more retarded, stocktwits or /investing?
The only gender we have here is money and we're gender fluid meaning ur calls are going to expire worthless if u keep rubbing your tits in our face.
“Yet”
I'm frugal.

:)
Bro if this happened I’d make $50m.
Can’t imagine what DFV would be at.
Robinhood? I’ve pocket sold before too, it’s a little too easy, I’m crazy about locking my phone now. Usually switch out of the app before i do that too.
McDonald’s sprite is America’s biggest threat
I would guzzle that piss
And it’s so great because at least you know the racism isn’t disguised as your aunt and uncle!
Yeah 1-4 players
Why are ppl pumping VALE??? Holy options activity! 😧
I got clapped on Hawks money line today, dayum. Wilson looked like he took too many pre-game edibles.
So you can’t sell cat food from EC2?
Allrgiht.  Thnka You
how do you check?
BAN
tbh jack in the box tacos hit different. i dunno what it is, but they're so good.
Yes
Is zombies two player?
Isn't it hilarious how Dr. Parik Patel is more accurate than like 90% of analysts LMFAO
Pandora lol
Googled it can't find it. Lol
Our grandparents gave us bonds for our birthdays and said "if you hold on to these for a while, you'll make an extra $5!" We shall give our grandchildren Tesla calls and tell them that if they diamond hand those mfs for long enough, they'll be able to hitch a ride to Mars🚀
Off. Sweats, slippers, beanie, and blanket life.
Puts on health insurance
Not enough time
Like a bubble? 🎈📌
You get me harder than your Dominos' Store Manager's wife's boyfriend.
Sorry but for tye dummies, how can I use this productively to make a little scratch?
Calls on this guy getting # Metoo’d
It needs to be that way across the board, that’s where people draw the line.  When they are allowing one person to say something and violate their TOS but not the other, then it becomes pushing an agenda.
How can it make us money? That’s the question
I think having that amount of money is perfect.

Not so rich you turn into a turd-gurgling cunt, but rich enough that you can share it with the truly needy. 

Of course, you can also invest it into 6 600 PS4s and then burn them.
Or M for Money, hence yolos for next week
He should buy a million shares in GME and trigger the squeeze, then I'll sub and ring that bell.
[deleted]
Nope. The biggest gain in 2020 was on 8/31/2020 and it went up by $55.64
Tried to get my hungover ass some Jack in the Box tacos earlier today. Get to the drive through, pretty long line as it’s lunch time. Make it to the speaker and they say they’re fucken OUT OF TACOS? 🤬🤬 I stg I was so mad I just didn’t order anything. But I couldn’t escape the drive thru line and I had to sit there for another 20 minutes just fuming

Ended up getting Doritos tacos, Baja Blast, and nacho fries from T. Bell which hit the spot.

JACK 3/19 70p
neither do you. you use an outlier bar to make a line. How stupid can you be....NM this thread answers that.
You're right. Nothing ever happens in the market where someone makes a mistake.
[deleted]
Lmao yeah but there are financial “experts” who were short Tesla.
Im about that fan life but need a quieter fan than the one ive got currently
What do you think the chances are of them seeing the danger, changing course, and adopting a clone of the 1st Amendment as their moderation policy, are? Am I delusional for even wondering?

In the past they've rationalized their rejection of the 1st Amendment with a "Different Countries, Different Laws" excuse.
We're not in the fight. We're on the sidelines placing bets. Also, they make mistakes too
I’ve never had one when I was younger. First one was like a year ago when I was 20
It is good imo. Especially zombies
While I mildly agree with your sentiments, it is perhaps useful that he might make charity go viral.
As someone who studied under a student of Saul Bass... this is underwhelming in a bad way. Lower case? This logo evokes more questions than brand recognition.
Bait and switch
It blows me away that we, as humans, just fall asleep for 6+ hours, w/o any real defense system. I have a kangaroo, so he pretty much fucks up any cunt that tries to break in.
Got 10 x $20C contracts for December and 500 shares at 22.97 let’s go!!!!!
Never bet against the future, Idiots
This is the longest way of telling everyone ur hiding in the closet
Thought of the jimmy tatro video where he mistimes the bass drop
Parler? Facebook? Twitter?

Only social media I need is the Daily/Weekend Discussion Thread.
Bullshit man haha
Weird feeling for sure
[deleted]
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It is inevitable if you no fap for a while. The body rebels
This.
At what point do you think "I'm walking on cheese and there's an American flag over there?" This shit is at the moon. 

This line of thought is why I am not at the moon.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
It’s fkn Saturday retards. Let’s get ducked up
[removed]
not gambling all of it but this is stock comp ive been unable to sell until now and i need to diversify anyway. 

but def feels wrong to not play this stupid bubble as long as it continues to exist. pretty much no choice to keep fueling it
Wow lol
Just bought Cold War. Better be good game is 75 bucks
Stop Limit, stop loss and trailing stop only work during regular trading hours. Limit orders yes, sure, but those don't provide downside protection.
[removed]
How is that a yolo?
Not really, 1/15 was for NIO day this weekend.
Time in the market beats timing the market, am I right guys? I’m sure my 1/15 CRM calls will print any day now!
Did the same thing on Friday might as well hop on
It's stuck to the wall
I sold some of my Tesla 2022 leaps (I’m a baller I know) for more palantir leaps
ya that's me
As long as you're sticking to those $MTCH apps 👌
Pic or lying
Weak
Any thoughts on nuclear plays? GE is a boomer play without fundamentals. And the real MIT/Iron Man shit requires big boy money and isn’t public.
Normally on the wall but sometimes in my butt
Fuck you! And congratulations
cats r fascist
What about last year? Did they ever have a day where they move 100+?
I dated the 2009 miss nude world for about a year in her prime. We were both early 20's. It actually was a great relationship, she was a feature entertainier and very talanted, fire breathing, burlesque etc. i didn't mind her getting naked cuz she would make like 5k a weekend, and always came home to me and we were in a diff city every week, talk shows, semi famous ppl parties etc. I once sat next to Daunte Coulpepper and Johnny bonaduce at delilas strip club in philly. Long story short she thought I was cheating on her with my ex and came after me with a 12 inch kitchen knife and knew that minute I had to break up with her.
sent
That’s my retirement number, so I’d jump now.  If you can afford the taxes.
that’s a lotta eating
Go Browns.
Why stop there. Drink some before she flushes
They did him a favor but did they do their shareholder a favor too?
I need some confirmation bias. Someone please tell me my 1/15 700 puts are gona go back up past $13.60. Four trading days and I need to see a blood bath
Short squeezes by their very nature are unexpected. GME was shorted before Cohen. If he takes a more activist role there’s no stopping what that will cause
It trended down all last week. I bought 1dte calls on Thursday to only get raped by the 🏳️‍🌈🐻s
Lmfao “MBA and financial experts”
All other things held constant, IV impacts options closer to the money more. So for the ITM spread, if only IV increases, the short leg grows in value more quickly than the long leg because the short stirke is closer to the share price.

For the OTM spread the opposite is true, the long leg, being closer to the money, will grow in value more quickly if the IV increases.

For the ATM spread, you'd have to look at the greeks.

Knowing that could help you make money if you expected a volatility increase (e.g. prior to earnings) and wanted to sell the spread early. Though calendar spreads tend to be better volatility plays.

All of price changes prior to expiration aren't really relevant if you're talking about share prices at expiration though.
You gotta play choker. It’s chess and poker combined. Kinda cool tbh. You only start with 10 big blinds which is kinda 🤮
[deleted]
...did you just go through puberty? I’m confused
[removed]
[removed]
Because you're the one in possession of the white
Yeah sodas do be threatening
I hear you man. I don't agree with you but I hear you. good luck with your trades. I own both and think both are great but are in different stages of their growth cycles.
@everyone
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R/WallStreetBets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R/WallStreetBets) wtf we on wikipedia
is vr gaming still a thing 

i swear i remember looking for tangentially related stocks a couple years ago but i just sorta forgot all about it
Anything important shows up here
True
This is the way
She looks just like my ex before she put on 50lbs due to Covid inactivity.
I have 80x 3/19 30c and it’s down 35%. Will I make it alive?
 🍉
Trump crossed the Rubicon when he didn't make a public message to stop the riot.
Ban
There is no bottom
This is a stupid video. EV adds debt - so Tesla’s equity IS worth more. All this shows is that the competition is full of debt.
Maybe 500, they should make a movie about him. Wolf of Wallstreetbets
ok
He's retarded, what do you expect
Y’all ever had a wet dream? I went like 2 weeks without jerking it and had a dream I was fucking a coworker. In the dream I came and woke up just jizzing into my shorts, honestly was pretty surreal. 8/10
AWS just banned canned cat food
Not even close
My hair when it’s long is like his hair and I’m 23. Whenever I have long hair I’ve been called Bieber hair but little do they know I’m -99% all time on robinhood smh
That entire money is worth 1.5$ to Tesla stock
Sandwich autists
He’s at $400m now?
Himawari backpack on Amazon $40, mine has been all over the world with me. Buy icln leaps with the rest.
It's worst than that, He would have get us shut down by SEC.
Everything about this is perfect.
Imagine people valuing a fiat currency like USD hahahhahahahha #RomeisFalling
Don’t forget my boys PLUG and FCEL.
On 1/8/21, Tesla had the biggest increase of $63.98 from $816.04 to $880.02.

The second biggest gain was the day before that, which was a gain of $60.06.

The biggest dip was -$88.11 on 9/8/20. 

Tesla has only gone up in 2021. No negative days so far.
Time to file bankruptcy
No one has 3 mil on Webull
AWS just banned it tho.
Where my boys who need a fan on to sleep at night at
Cope
Cathie gives me wood
[deleted]
Bet. Send me ur cash app and I will redownload
Sell guns on the black market
Yah I am no seth, he has everyone whipped
Oink
Yeah, if you are impulsive like me and tend to lose a lot gambling, you have to create some safety measures — having iron clad income streams, handle credit wisely, have a high earning partner, and save regularly for your kids’ future in accounts that are custodial and therefore inaccessible for withdrawal until they are 18
They've been saying that shit for 40 years. The status quo of being angry keeps them in power. Dumb fucks like mango killing their boy justt gave them another 10 years of death to America chants. Iran needs something external to focus on or their people look inwards and realize it is their leadership that is awful. They don't dare escalate as then US and A would have just cause To go fuck shit up.
China wants to make the money and develop their soft power. They don't want a war with USA
This beats fintwit any day
Tryna hit that 1k subs lmao. I respect the hustle though. saved it to check out later
You fool. He's going to give it all away free collapsing the gaming industry. 

PUTS.
Read my comments and make your own decision.
[deleted]
You had me at "tendie coaster".
They are rich for a reason 🤡
I don’t think this question is even worth asking
Pay all of 2020’s estimated tax by the January 15th Q4 deadline.  In plain English: send the IRS $400k via EFTPS by Friday.  The penalty for failing to do so on the amount of money involved is some serious cash that you could keep in your pocket if you take care of the estimated payment.
Haha no, a friend who is blacked out right now can’t get his phone to recognize him.
I’m fuckin dying, this is so great.
It’s tough to play the carriers.  Many of the carriers are nation-owned. There are a few carriers to possibly play. What you really want to play are the truckers and logistic plays like KMI.  I got a DD coming. Waiting for information.
Pretty
Seth has you beat
Justin beeber
I'm 23 with 26.9 million. There's always a bigger fish indeedier. Started with a stick of bubblegum when TSLA was $1 and it's been tits up since then.
Yea it’s called Tesla 1000c 2/15 retard
[deleted]
We’re just the sperm
dont have venmo, cash app?
Joe rogans third eye will open on 4/28/2034 and it will be the implosion point for all realities.
A call debit spread works pretty similar to a put credit spread
this youtuber tried that?
Damn I went bearish for a little by buying $700 puts and losing almost instantly but with a meme stock like this you limit losses by going with capped loss plays. Can't do a naked short like this. You're going to get murdered
Say it bruh
Best soda ever.
You are trolling rite
[deleted]
270, what intake exhaust and a tune lol
Grinder
wut
Wouldnt the wash sale disallowment rule prevent you from getting tax benefits from doing this?
69 x 2 = 138.

Moral of the story, doubling a good thing isn’t always a good thing.
For real? Did I miss something?
Same 😂 April $130c
MAXR gang gonna take over the block in 2021. Worldview Legion’s gonna send that shit to $100 EOY.
Yes
I'm buying FD's the day the ambulance arrives
[deleted]
Link me
[deleted]
That’s even better. I feel like Tesla has something to hide. Has Tesla been partnered with anyone? Not including the old partnership with Toyota years back.
[deleted]
If it's not moderated it's gotta go.
Amen.  This is definently going to 29 by EOW because my calls need it to.  LOL.
What’s ur Venmo? Was over a minute and I bet you googled it but got you
Price could still just keep going up but the higher the stock's float, the less volatile it will be. Have you noticed Apple not making crazy moves especially after the last split? They have 17 billion float. TSLA is still below 1 billion so can still make crazy moves.
I unironically get my financial news from wsb daily thread 🤡
We BAN  him a long time ago for try to farm clicks from us.
C18JUN21@31 am i fukked?
Just a bit....  but hey, it’s a new day tomorrow right?
Eva Green on Casino Royal!! Fucking 🥵
He is also referencing the fact that half of America voted for Trump.
Oh goddd let’s just hope everyone buys this slv opportunity🥴
Hell yeah man
So you’re saying someone could “donate” $1M dollars in increments of $15k to a bunch of people and they could all give it back and then he doesn’t have to pay tax on that money?
Na I ain't a commie
I offer a discount for those in mourning - the Grievers Gobble
Free money. 6pt teaser, tenn +9, saints over 41. Goodnight
69 in the winter 67 in the summer
You'll cowards don't even smoke crack
It go move big up one day and next day much money.
Safe to say we’ve reached the simulation inside of a simulation all inside one bigger simulation?
> 2s on deck, tattoos on neck, life is a bitch yeah I make her your ex

lil wayne trigger finger
If TSLA ever tanks, I can already see SpaceX rocket crashes become new memes.
Honestly unless you’re really good, I feel like ta is worthless. Except this time because it’s mirroring what I need to happen
Why do you believe that? Iran is a thriving first world nation. What possible reason could they have to start shit?
Would be dope
Yeah a lot of people are sheep - that's why they lose money unless the trend stays the same long term, as it has the last decade or so.
Bullish, SoftBank in Japan just invested 350 million on Friday (6% stake)
Got 100k waiting on a dip for leaps
been buying $TSLA calls for years; hedge for COVID disaster turned into a great trade; then bet on QQQ enabling stay at home lifestyle & saw fed printing to prop up SPY.
Gotcha. Thank you!
It still has a ways to go. Yahoo’s P/E was 2,225 in March of 2000. So at least 775 P/E to go...
Something corny
[deleted]
The chicken carbonara with extra bacon and run it thru the toaster twice.   But instead it’s just sadness cause they always close in bk.
Doubt that much, his net worths like 30M.
[deleted]
No link me
http://imgur.com/a/JDoJIZm started with 40k
What about TSLA 1200c weekly
a guy walks into gamestop and buys everything

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Fg9oZk-5uA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Fg9oZk-5uA)
I have a hunch most people know what LFG stands for.
It's the best pizza place in New York.
I’d only fuck bald bezos
Not that bored
Already got 2, this is just what's left. I'll stop at a bill
Salty mcgee over here all jealous cause he's poor as shit
Thats why it will get propped up again once it does
Think I may have came a little
I genuinely think 30 by Feb 1, end of the first week at the latest.
Hope you're paying your taxes quarterly. IRS going to come a knocking
2s on deck, tattoos on neck, life is a bitch yeah I make her your ex

If someone replies within 30 of when I post thing I will send $5 Venmo to whoever gets the song. Starts now
The signs of a crash are always there no one can actually predict one. They are trying to trigger a fake panic and profit off of it
He’s one of us 🥰
nothing wrong with collecting theta!
me too kinda, in reference to alienating half the country, which even twitter wasn't close to
http://imgur.com/a/JDoJIZm
Lol I like how when you get called out for being a moron it’s all “no need to be hostile brother” but the tone of your initial comment was rather aggressive itself. Eat a dick.
Anything I say would probably be illegal
I've set things to auto sell during extended hours at a certain price
NIO does not make batteries.  They source it from CATL
I like $MT like a fat kid likes cake.
MSOS
He writes off donations and makes most revenue from YouTube but some videos don’t qualify for monetization so he built a store where he sells Beast merch and apparently a lot of people buy it because he uses the money for good things. He has like a cult following of 50 yr olds on his Facebook, I always crack up at the comments they beg him for money most of the time.
Is this a subway SPAC
Amazon is an extremely valuable company that provides extreme value to pretty much everyone. Tesla sells cars. Tesla’s value is way overinflated.
Lol
No
Calls on Spotify
tall freak should play basketball. would love to see it
well we'll find out tmarro
Yeah and it has 1.4 billion people. If just a fraction of the city dwellers buy a NIO, we're in the green.
You shouldnt castle when someone opens with a bishop like i did
NIO gonna short squeeze to 69.69 Monday at open.
Just like baja fresh their food is amazing but their management and model sucks
nope, only when you realize a gain.
Ur still a pussy, but not retarded
I feel like everytime any stock gets this much mention after a rapid acceleration up, it tanks for a bit and then eventually comes back up. Almost as though, the ones pumping it up with these posts are the ones that are benefitting the most and will bail right at open to leave others holding the bag.
Dude Iran is a full blown retarded country.... Obviously they won't outwardly attack the US themselves, but they are absolutely looking to fund terrorist attacks on the USA all the time.
[deleted]
Grindr
How long did it take you? I'm setting a goal to go from 3.3k (starting) to 10k before June to prove to myself that I can do this. I'm already at 4.5k in the first week of January too and it looks like next week will have many catalyst for sure. Its definitely exciting my friend.
how is it free?
You bored? 

watch me build my civic si from 0-270whp: [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd4Lffulg93r\_cbxmu3QGxA](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd4Lffulg93r_cbxmu3QGxA)
This dividend thing. In theory it works great, but what if underlying stock declines in value, and you end up in net loss? This is the part confusing me.
[removed]
😢
If you were invisible for one whole day what’d you do? I’d definitely go see Cathie pee 😍
25% of the account is in $PSTH 35c 1/15/2021  😂😂😂

Edit, beat part is is that i bought them DURING the power hour last friday haha
If he puts it in ARKK, he'll double that in at least three years, conservatively. Mama Cathie had several ARKs return over 100 fold last year. Serious bangers. Rich keep on getting richer because math. A lot of victim mentality folks just can't grasp and take advantage of the notion.
Don’t forget nga!
Yeah wtf is that about I thought it was a farm animal or something lmfao
Where u keep the thermostat
Ew nickelback showed on my Pandora shuffle.
“According to the media reports, the explosion occurred at one of the old workshops of the battery recycling plant, which probably means that it will have a very limited impact on CATL and its customers.”
I'm gonna do a conservative play and sell some puts just to join you on the ride.
Now, get fukt MLM TSLA.
I’m down 7K 🥺
Shark tank!!
Na i started on robinhood with about 40k. Rolled over calls babyyyy
Censoring free speech tends to do that to a company...
It’s real and I’ve probably made an extra $70K on calls. Not a lot.
With that much time on his hands he might do something really wild like spending the afternoon with Barron
U jelly?
Can’t believe I sold out of my ARKG calls, I’m such a fuckhead
I have a feeling PSTH is going to be the biggest let down of the year until TSLA dumps
For the tech holdings in ARKG like sequencing/DNA synth shit, you can look through their selected publications and see how many labs have used their tech to get stuff published in high impact journals like Nature etc. The top holdings are pretty good.

For therapeutics, there's alot of high risk high reward,  like IOVA which I've been holding for a long time now.  Its not a scam for sure, but its like any biotech/pharma play, its got loads of risk and the difference is just that Cathie might be better than your typical retard at risk management in this space.
What kind of fuckin retard wants changeable batteries?
I don't know what that is or how to do that lol

I'm interested in learning investing, but I'm so focused on my massive student loan debt that it's hard to think about doing anything else with finances
Lol rip Arthur Andersen
Did see a graph where the people who sold before corrections and bought back made more gains than people who held through..
Nah that’s my gurl right there
No ladies like guys who seek theta
What the most $TSLA has move in a single day?
You can say all the shit you want but you have to live the consequences
I’ll take the 10k off your hands as a donation
Well congrats man ask God to help me get the wisdom , knowledge & luck that he gave you . I hope the rest of your life is spent with peace and love brother ✌🏻
You can save 15k in taxable gains by donating to the newest charity MyWeddingFund. Today me, tomorrow you
It’s dank but it got Dr in the name
The Allen Iverson approach, no bags just buy clothes in every city
The last 2 I did, the others in 2019
Yo can I get few awards? I wanna fit in here
Been praying it’s Sbarro
> Do you think BA would still fall regardless?

Regardless if it’s the same version or not, I doubt this incident is “*priced*” in for 1/11/2021 opening bell.
Dr Pepper should be illegal
Fuck yeah bro, Wisconsin CoL is low as shit and I love it.
There is no need for twitter when I have this thread
Euros
Quiznos.
https://youtu.be/wM6exo00T5I
[deleted]
I dont know if it'll be during Bidens administration or not but it is inevitable. Youve probably seen the factoid thrown around "227 out of 244 years since 1776 the US has been at war" lol
Big taxes are a good problem to have means u made some cash
When it goes up by it's insane amounts over and over again it sure is
How do I make money off this trump supporters vs everybody else battle that’s going on?
I’m down 1.2k on my 1/15 calls rippppp
[deleted]
Its projected to hit 7k in 5 yrs
That's Chantel Jeffries. She had a tv show on Australia when I was a kid (DJ THE DJ).
putting on his socks is the worst part of his day
I thought those girls exists only on Tiktok? 🤔
You can ask the broker to print out a certificate for you if you need the contract in print 🤡
TA is a lot more than connecting wicks. 

This pattern is nothing special. And it’s not a pennant. Even if it were, the odds are 50/50 up or down for the next major move so it’s pointless to even highlight in most cases. 

No volume analysis. No other metrics. 

Just connected some points. At least if it were drawn with a crayon it’d have entertainment value.
i got a date with two sentences. i’m not so sure pal
I paid her the regular room price yea... but it was like $100 lol
DD
 PSTH is Blimpie CONFIRMED
I like arcelor mittal $MT.
Gotta exercise, hydrate, and have a clear game plan for Monday.
Have a lot of money lol.. look [here](https://analyzingalpha.com/do-stop-losses-work-after-hours#:~:text=Stop%20orders%20typically%20do%20not,of%20the%20next%20trading%20day.&text=If%20you%20want%20an%20order,order%20during%20an%20extended%20session.) You need to pay / be granted permissions, and even then your broker may not allow that type of execution. Have a couple million to toss around with some wall street buddies and any trade you want will be made. Only "protection" would be covering your positions with options.. which again costs money.
[deleted]
True but you can't not look back and see what the value of the contract is now. You're right though. Still money in the bank
Apparently jack ma was there
Puts on your masculinity
Bah, if anything that helps the company
Me too and I love tesla and what they are doing but I prefer to get out while I can and wait for the drop.
What a dweeb
Please $SLV, please. Please fly to $35
Toss up. Could trend down a little from Friday AH or totally get bought back up to 900. Either way, 1/29 was my choice for an ER run up as well.
I don’t get where OP got that the SPAC will buy 20 % of the private company, the SPAC must be worth 80% of the target company, so insiders cant have 80% of the common shares
[deleted]
#If you dont own ARKG, then you ain’t black 

Joe BUY’DEN
Jacked to the tits on tan just need to say solar.
Why do people insist on trying to give reasons for stocks to go up. Not how it works.
STLG?
Yeah this is pretty unique since there’s so much public  data available where the author of the article could make a great case; less guessing more data.

Nothing says this thing can’t spike wildly for a while, but I’m thinking this isn’t one I’d hold to the first post merge earnings report - more like sell a bit off, hold some for a hype spike or two, then move on to greener pastures well before earnings.
Not even gonna bother talking you out of this
🚀🚗🚗
hinge has uglier girls tho. i’ll stick to tinder
Yep. See tsla for example. All these new millionaires being minted. Had to buy in a year or two ago and hold on tight
Will tesla 920 fds print
Probably still sending campaign emails
r/wallstreetbears
lol she had 60k. it was nice and she wasnt consumed with her phone when we were hanging out
Fair
If you lose money that was supposed to go to taxes, you still owe taxes on it. Say you owe $300k in taxes and lose everything,  IRS is taking their 300k.

Next up,  you're supposed to pay estimated taxes quarterly when you have large capital gains. If you wind up paying in more than $1,000 additional on tax day,  you're getting penalized.  So if you haven't yet... time to talk to a tax advisor first thing Monday.
[deleted]
[deleted]
No don’t get out. It’s been consolidating so be patient.
he probably has the most time available in his life. he should pick up pilates
Hinge for the minge and Reddit for the cringe
BIDN + JYEL = JPOW 💦💦💦
[deleted]
[removed]
Great, fucked it up tho. Bitch was like 5”4 blonde blue eyes big old butt and super skinny waist she had abs I was  17 she was 16 good times
Ah, so this is the way!! Will he doing this on Monday!
This makes me feel better about being a pussy and not yoloing my money
I'm long 200 shares let's go
Don’t you think she looks different in da vid??
Doubtful on stocks. Inheritance tends to get squandered
AAPL should have an excellent quarter and seems to be getting its mojo back
Boney
I wouldn’t personally do this but Margin, balance transfer from CC or heck get a loan.  

Also, fuck the eagles, cowboys and Washington.
I hear Regeneron has a good Covid treatment.
Not what if... When... If..
I mean it’s been a grower and dividend provider the whole time I’ve owned it. I honestly expected a split by now because usually it gets to 100-120 and then splits. Solid company and they are poised to keep growing. But yeah it would be nice to find a stock that can grow for you. My cost basis is like 15 or something to that effect
if you’re white and don’t identify as self-aware, that’s gotta be some personality flaw right ?
Pussy
[deleted]
Around the world it is time to heal
you have such a sharp eye, sir
might yolo NIO 1/15 65c fuck it
To signify how the market is not a good reflection of  the state of the economy
Reminds me of 'I didn't hear the bell yet' lol
It looks like the pied piper designer designed this logo
Vito is playing chess. 

Everyone else playing checkers.
I would just be cash for now as a hedge vs throwing money at vix. There’s still legs in the market. Might change in feb but rest of month should be green
He was on the verge of unemployment until he used his platform as a voice of BLM to bash white people, police, and the system.
If you think iran wants a war with the u.s. youbare the most retarded person on wsb. Iran has not and will not do anything that could bring down the wrath of the unitedbstates military. Anyone who says otherwise is a propagandist who wants your money.
> Would a WSB rep (share/options holder) qualify as a interactive attendee? Asking for a friend...

100% B. 

I wonder if Allison knows that the person she responded to is member of autists who got hard-ons from a shit emoji, which inspired thousands of stock purchases.
Calls are great for this.  Leveraged with cap downside.  Upside opportunity on an irregular rise can drastically out weight continuing to fall.  

Calls are for the punctual investors with a strong conviction or enough calls to burn.
I have. Same as my nerd girl friend I fucked in college!
Rent forever then, stay invested...you’ll be alright.
She’s got breasts that I would suckle from
Who’s that city that gone beat lil Wayne, my name if bick but I keep that flame man
get rekt u/cabbagecorpIPO
I used to look forward to the weekends cuz fuck work. Now I have no idea what the fuck im supposed to do till Monday opens and the market is back. Best video game ever made.
Any autistic savants here want to be my pet? You’ll have a cage to live in and blinders to put on like Temple Grandin. I’ll feed you legos and stock charts. In return you’ll give me the best DD available in your monotonic monosyllabic robo-voice.
Nope, but will buy shares if it dumps.
I stopped watching when I realized there would be no tits or ass like a normal instagram post.
Instructions unclear, buying RIOT calls
Fuck are there any I haven’t watched yet?
Damn u don’t have a brain. You should buy index funds. Tesla owns all its IP and makes everything and has cars (with model 2), all over the world for all segments (soon). Nio promised a model S competitor in years with shit margins and has to rely on a bunch of partners just like legacy auto except without the scale.
Good point
Bears are people smack dab in the middle of the greatest party of their lives dead sober yelling at everyone that the party won't last. Which everyone fucking knows? But they're at least enjoying it. Yea, the bear might not have a hangover and if they manage to stay awake just long enough they can steal everyones wallet while they're passed out and skip out but that's with perfect timing and provided they managed to stay awake sober. Everyone else gonna wake up with a massive hangover and go to work until the next great party starts.
Euros ahha what a funny money! Also what broker are you using??
AWS is obligated to host a platform that doesn't moderate at all and added in the planning of the capital raid and hate speech? Why is that?  Surely Mercer, Dan Bongino, Trump and Tucker Carlson have enough money to team up and start a cloud hosting service to challenge AWS and Azure. That's the free market right?
So people thought the conference and holiday sales were going to be catalysts but now everyone is thinking they will cause a dip? It's confusing that the sentiment was extremely bullish on these events and it then it shifted this week.
If they have more than 10k followers
we don't do that here
This made me chuckle... cuz it’s true
Would be a lot cooler if he bought all the stock
If you're not spending your gains to buy more calls to produce even bigger gains, then you're a bear. 

Luxury backpack? Make enough to pay someone to hold your shit for you.
Breaking news is he just changed the policy 

Basically will force Biden to decide if he reverses it back or not... essentially forces biden to bend the knee to China or Taiwan be free

Interesting developments imo
That's assault bro
Instructions unclear - I have served my first cum.
Look at me ... n00b
Yes, back to work instead of laying on the couch, guh
Rude
And no STD worry
https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/covid-deaths-income?time=2020-01-11..latest

Daymn, lots of rich amongst the covid deaths. So much money being freed up for snotty heirs to spend it all on stonks. no wonder market's up
Why do people keep trying correlate deaths with how the market should go?? More people
Now than ever have money in the market of course it’s gonna go up
[deleted]
Enjoy life however you can. Even a shitty life is better than being dead. Which is where we all will end up. Cheer up small willy.
Would be pretty cash money if Biden name drops ENPH and SEDG at his stimulus announcement on Thursday
ARKG 40%
ARKK 30%
QQQ whatever the rest is idk
Lmao

Sorry man, I didn’t get a CPA for drawing lines on a chart. 😆
>so deep ITM

SOOOOO DEEP
Honestly, team dem is going to stimulate, do infrastructure, Tigger green investment, cannabis investment. And you want to play with SPY puts!!!! The market is going up, sure there will be down days. But no one here is smart enough to time those on purpose. If you get ants in your pants go cash. puts in this market should only be a hedge. On-top of that stocks are the only gig in town, anyone who wants to make a return needs to buy. The scared wait until Covid is over money is still in the sidelines. Here you are on WSB buying SPY puts like some savant thinking the market can't go up forever or perhaps you believe the bullshit about Dems are bad for the market... If that was the case we would be circuit breaker down after the Georgia shit. This is the dawn of a bull market, who knows how fucked we will be when shit hits the fan so you'd better make enough money for that not to be a problem in 18 months.
My friend legit shared an article about Elon Musk becoming the world's richest man in a group chat, I replied how he's making me money too, my friend (who's been jobless since the pandemic started and too scared to enter the stock market) told me to stop procrastinating and get back to work. Bitter fuckin people in the world
I was an autist in the pre-covid era

cutting losses

gamma squeezing

just me, a retarded bull on the scene
All the dd I need
does instagram model count
Thanks
First amendment actually doesn’t support inciting violence
I’m getting out of the Army, one of the jobs I applied for is as an Emergency Manager at Rivian.  That would be the bees knees bro.
Why amd? And what is ces??
Who is this lady?? She’s quite attractive
I concur safe ETF and Index investors and diversifyers will never invest in the next superstar early enough. Those companies are around right now for peanuts but 99% of people's investing style will never hit a Runhome like that. The best most can hope for is that they hop on before the rocket ride really accelerates. The next TSLA, AMZN, Bcoin, whatever is available right now for peanuts, we just don't know what it is and if we do hit it big on a penny stock that we got for 50¢ a share who in their right mind isn't going to cash out once it hits $50 instead of holding to $550. It takes a real special retarded diamond handed believer to do that kind of thing, and if they are that retarded in the first place they are probably believing in the wrong company (GME). I've got a couple 2500% baggers within the last year and I can't wait to get out of a position once it's that profitable.
No way.
Not a goth chick, does dude moon mean I will be rich?
Idk about best in the world but you are clearly the biggest pussy on wsb.
Hopefully nothing happens during the inauguration day to fk the pattern up.
Anyone see a battery plant exploded in china?  Nio was going to use them. Strange timing. https://insideevs.com/news/465109/explosion-catl-battery-plant-china/
ICLN
Fellow european? Are you saying there are other NON-American here in WSB? Boy, this sub allows anything :(

And you are right. TSLA will get fucked. Even I know that, and I'm an austist.
No I can not confirm, so I will offer an alternative. It's too late to fix your 2020 taxes with $TSLA. Instead just don't have any losses for 2021, only do profitable trades rather than unprofitable ones. File constantly for extensions on your 2020 taxes. It's like rolling your OTM calls but with taxes. This way when 2022 comes, you can use your 2021 capital gains to erase your 2020 loses which will finally result in your girlfriend giving your neighbor a blowjob. Congratulations.
Investor conference Tuesday. Plus they’ve built a nice base at 26. If they break 30.50 this will squeeze
This TA is good, clean wick to wick trend lines
Any of you ever smashed a model? How was it
Has no one outright said to sell it all? Sell it all. TSLA is the bubble to end all bubbles.
It would please my mara leaps 30c exp jan22
You don’t need a designer bag to carry shit around like a caveman, just purchase the items you need at your destination 🤡
LMAO wtf? Shoot up too much horse? Ur face droopy
[removed]
Don’t understand his flicks, I just feel it.
Weekend bag? Wtf that’s gay
Buy the dip, queer.
Looked it up, $352,000. Fucking crazy
Love that, man. I got into NIO at IPO before most people knew about it like they do now and unfortunately sold for even money at 7.50. To your point, I’m scanning for high volume stocks to ride some profits.
tricks
Eat fresh
twf u can take on anyone AND everyone
[deleted]
why not
Orange man bad so apple has to ban it
Thanks
Crazy how people with insane gains on Tesla don't want to sell cause ' tax' . All of these are unrealized gains and the stock could crash tomorrow making all the gains seem a lot lesser. The stock has had a parabolic run and is due for correction. Pay the frikking tax man and live a peaceful life ffs..
Don Vito thank you for this blessing on this Sat evening. I just checked and MT and VALE both moved after hours. I can’t wait to be semi rich so I can blow it on cocaine and a YOLO play here.
Ready to eat fresh
That’s funny
He will confirm. 

“Ask my Grandfather” - smart ass. 

Must be you, Fredo. 

Ready to go 🎣?
Damn still a few weeks
ok ava
Big if for sure. Biden will be (and should be) more concentrated on getting COVID under control and ensuring macroeconomic growth through increased stimulus and decreasing unemployment.

If something does pass though, I don’t think it will be like how you laid it out. It will be based on income and could very well be retroactive to the beginning of this year. So if OP sells at a huge gain this year, he could get fucked by these changes. 

But honestly, fuck selling. Hold that shit and sell covered calls. Fundamental is research is dead (and would suggest this shit is way overvalued). TSLA P/E at 1,600 - who cares. Ride this shit to the moon and stay in the casino!!
You're absolutely correct, and this is when you think about risk/reward or cost/benefit.
I love how you say the next war like its inevitable.
being romantic is so overrated nowadays. girls like transparency. if you don’t shoot your shot within three texts, you’re just a massive pussy

you want your hand held for some imaginary green light. be a fucking man
Too bad you didn’t. Hi dad
Damn you hate money?
You know you’re fucked up when your phone won’t facially recognize & unlock your shit.
Those premiums must have been quite something
It's extremely hard to time the crash. They see the signs and believe it's around the corner. Doesn't mean the market won't to parabolic before it happens, assuming crashes are still a thing that can happen.
WHEN IS MONDAY??? Daddy needs NIO GAINS.
If ARK existed back then and you applied, you might have been offered a job immediately
buy stonks
That's true. I would be rich if I hadn't listened to these idiots back then
I read some books on options and investing. Just two. Getting started in options and one up on wall street
Here’s ur DD - Nio doesn’t make batteries, chips, no AD and is building an expensive sedan to compete with the model 2/3 errr s. Yes the S which is hardly important for Tesla. The range they are quoting is based on a battery that isn’t out that CATL is going to be selling to tons of ppl including tesla. I’m sure they will keep growing do pretty well but don’t compare them with Tesla.
“$100 per ps” lol
What did Parler even do besides not ban ppl for saying shit thats legal to say?
I’ve been eyeing it for a few days should breakout later next week but when it does! 🤑🤑🤑
lmao
>pay my girlfriends student loans and still have a million left over hahaha

You fuckin simp ass bitch
nah but you've probably had happy relationships, I don't want a relationship because I know I shouldn't be loved I want to be deserving of one
I think most people would see that first few 100% gains and cash out tho. It takes some diamond hands to hold through the drops even with shares
Thank you for the laughs
white people are deplorable i don’t see the problem
Anything changed?
You have to pay .50 for every $1.00 you made. You give them back half of your tendies, they must keep the printers going....
It was good in IMAX but watching it at home definitely sucked.
1920s confirmed
Mark Spiegel can go fuck himself.  Oh, wait....  No he can't he sold those calls to go all in on his TSLA puts at $10 a share.  RIP
That’s disappointing, it seems like it would be fun. Although I don’t intend to get rich off of it, one wrong move and your life would be ruined
You're a vice president of a stealth startup.
I want some of that money. Can we share? Thanks!
And the worst
Where did you learn
Lol
so Powell is going to run the Money Printer in the next 10 days?
Buy a zip of white and you can smash models for free😂
Man I catch myself thinking I hate white people then remember I’m white
VALE to fucking Pluto ok 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
Recall Newson.  California is become a shithole with nice weather and good natural scenery.  Tesla owners makes $128K On average.  Need to focus on the declining quality of life
Exactly.
This is me
[removed]
KMI leaps will be 10-baggers+, its also one of steel daddies favorite picks.
Poor porn
I mean yeah look at lottery winners lmao
[deleted]
Have you tried canning the hype? Or, drying it and selling it for $5 a fistful at the farmer’s market?
See, here's the thing. I knew companies like this and Amazon would be so popular when it wasn't popular. I didn't have money at a young age at the time. This makes me a bit jealous. (lol)
No LMT is tanking anyways until their earnings remind people how much money defense contractors make. Just sentiment at this point
I hate when they do that
Iran can’t do squat
If that's real, you'd sell calls.
I sold 1/15 $850 TSLA calls at a loss three days ago. Today it would've been +1000%
So all Tesla needs to do is sell every car, electric hamburgers and electric office paper and electric comforters and today's investors are vindicated about all this valuation bullshit. Easy.
I want to treat myself to something retarded and nice. I was thinking of a luxury brand weekend bag or backpack. 600 to 1500. Suggestion or should I just spend it on drugs for the year(L)
Best move of 2020 and 2019.
Oooooo I like that. People get weird with money...
amen brotha
Retard brain here. All in on steel with a long call on the VIX to hedge?
You held on this long and now you're gonna paper hand? You deserve it
Same position I’m buying Monday at open. I hope it doesn’t moon before then tbh.
So are we still in the Bull vs Bear 2010 cycle?  Used to be a lot of bears back in April-Jun but pretty sure they all ded now.  So we are in a runaway bull cycle instead. Stonks only go up
Kind of an autobiography. But he’s gone through some shit. Kind of a manifesto to not be a pussy too
EOY targets?
[deleted]
Positions?
Fuck man I hate white people

That’s why I voted biden tbh
I mean, 🥭 rly did unilaterally fuk up that guys day tho...
So my personal theory on this is uneducated as fuck but based on what i tell myself id do i exit 25% of my position, set some new levels i exit at plus a stop loss and rinse and repeat....is that retarded or kind of a decent plan?.....lol
Moloch's pennant of the abyss, when swung while chanting the correct invocation, summons an ancient demon called Dudamuun.
More importantly, how the fuck was “stockdealer” not taken
...and I’m all for that, if I have extra to help, I will.
As long as you’re living in their basement, this shouldn’t be an issue.
Sorry boys, exclusively available on Amazon prime video!
Did she get your money tho
$235k in personal account

Main holdings are CRM, CRWD, ICLN, AAPL, ROKU, SQ, and TDOC

Shits all rippin except CRM
Pros of only ever fucking one girl in my whole life is I have nothing to compare it to, so it was the best pussy in the world!
Honestly. Could go either way. I wish I knew because I want to pick up some 1/29 calls
Why is it painful lol, money in the bank is money, everything else is just random numbers in a hypothetical world.
Flair checks out
But their base isn’t 7 billion people, it’s 200 million like you said.

If even a third of Trump supporters were twitter users and drop it, that’s 25 million users gone equating to a >10% loss in users. That’s a big deal.
[deleted]
you're always paying with something, whether looks, personality (above minimun looks threshold) or money
[removed]
Gtfo
What do you mean?
I think it’s because more people think Tesla is close to it’s top (or won’t continue to grow this aggressively) where before they thought there was still room to grow.
You can literally make passive income for life selling options. I'd start learning how to do it correctly now
This guy just discovered MACD and finished Tim Sikes book 😂😂😂
Just put it in VOO or something simple like that and let it sit there.
[removed]
If you have $2.6 million, you don’t give a single solitary fuck if TSLA gets to $1,000. You shouldn’t care if TSLA goes to $10,000. You don’t need that money, you have enough to retire literally RIGHT NOW. Hop off, retire, and live your life selling deep OTM weekly cash secured puts on blue chip stocks or SPY. Congrats, you’ve got income without doing anything. Go live your life. And as always, fuck you.
He has bigger pockets this time than last time to keep shorting. $100MM is a lot to go through so maybe it’s longer than 2 years lol.
TSM, CRSP, PACB, & ENPH have been beasts for me and the sky is the limit. LVGO was before TDOC bought them.
tenet was trash tho
What’s it about sounds gai
And, yeah, wealthy people can be idiots! 😂
Same Same. Not rich but the way things are going my sibling will need all the help.
Indeed 😂
[deleted]
[deleted]
I mean it’s pretty much all Tesla shares. That makes it a lot easier
I’m not a trumper but jesus you’re dumb
[removed]
[deleted]
Mitch McConnell is the type of dude who eats a stripper out.
You don't retire, you're a "consultant" working "remotely"
Flex Seal
Slap the ask 🚀💯💦
[deleted]
A fellow Vanguardian what a treat!
LMT and FedEx are my only disappointments so far this year
incel asians get all my mockery
No, you have to be an adult
Putin has vids
Monday
[removed]
Ok
I'm confident BILI will outperform the Huya-DouYu post-merger (if it doesn't get blocked by the Chinese government)
Nobody tell him
I'm pretty sure if some pilots did the same thing the pilots of PIA8303 did on any plane, it would crash
🥖 gang where you at?
>You need more money than that to retire.

So long as you're good retiring in a city without an insane cost of living, the $2M+ post tax money would be enough to retire with a decent standard of living. Investing $2M should safely get you about $50k of income per year. Considering the OP said the original $100k investment was about 20% of his money/portfolio at the time, it is a safe bet that he could start this retirement owning his home completely and having a couple hundred grand in the bank besides the $2M invested.

If he's over 40, that's absolutely a sufficient nest egg to retire. It's not enough to retire and live an upper class lifestyle, but it's enough to live comfortably.
Congrats though, you earned it
375 @ 23.35 avg... seeing red sucks, so anything above that and happy waiting the year or two i knew it would take to moon
Man s/he's cute. I might be gay.
Bid is how much the highest person is willing to pay. Ask is how much the person selling the call is asking for/
If by disagreeing you mean making violent threats, yes. Have you even read the letter amazon wrote to parler? It's fucking horrifying. And now there are calls to blow up amazon data centers. The platform is unhinged and amazon has no obligation to host it
Shit Ton of call orders on NIO 1/15 exp. some strikes include 65 and 70. Interesting
[deleted]
i want to get to $10M 😬
Still love Memento
Duh. And 100+ EOY
I am concerned Iran could stir the pot and cause some real foreign trouble. China is investing $400B into Iran, a pretty brazen if implicit indication that China has Iran's back. Iran still insane about Sulimani assassination, and making noise about a coming attack on US soil. Never know with those crazy fucks.
Lol porn sandwiches
Dude I know everybody wants to get rich quick and PLTR is frustrating as hell. But by holding shares you’ve put yourself in a better position than half the dumb dumbs on here.


For all the gain posts you see there are easily 100x more loss porns that don’t get shared.


If you really wanna make another play, deposit more money in your account. Hang onto your shares, dude. The land of Valhalla comes to those who are patient
What about Asians am I right
This is the way
I think twitter need to read "the art of war" from sun tzu XD
Trumptards “this is socialism! This is communism, this is the government telling you what to do!”

Also trumptards “I love my computer and phone manufactured in a communist country, I love my clothes and most of my appliances made in a communist country, ok I’ll accept free money multiple times from the government, ok I’ll follow the governments orders to pay taxes, register at the dmv, pass a driving test, go to a specific place to have my mail sent and delivered by the government, send my kids to school, wear seatbelts, obey traffic signs, drive inside lanes and follow speed limits, wear clothing in public”
B-F-T.
One time I thought a stripper was into me but knew she was just trying to get my money... we ended up fucking in the private room. She was into me!!!
Oh shit ok, I didn’t think someone like that would be In this sub. Quick question but is it possible to do options trading as someone who’s under 18?
Shit like this makes me nervous.
*This is the top*
[deleted]
This is the way
And I think I’ll just keep them until expiration
Yeah, that's very sounds logic.  But again think as OP.  He as added 4 zeros to his account.  Look at the expiration date on those options.  TSLA is going strong, on strong momentum and there are plenty of shiny Tesla opportunities to make him want to continue to hold.  Whats one more zero?  Maybe two?  And if it reverses, OP can punch at 1M-2M and be happy enough.  Misses the stars and landed on the moon.  This is why OP holds.

I understand because I'm in a not so dissimilar position.  But I am less leveraged, majority shares, and took 25% profits post S&P inclusion.

Also, OP could be r/coastfire without this account.  So if OP lost it all, they would keep their day job, but no longer have to save, boosting their cashflow.  We just don't know.

But I fully understand OP.  We all have different risk tolerance and goals. God Speed u/upvotemeok!
[deleted]
FUBO 35+ next week
even as a white guy, if you don’t make fun of white people wyd lmao

even boomers make karen jokes
[removed]
You mean they aren’t into you when they strip
Get rid of the penny
This is the way
Ever wonder why ARK shows their intraday trades? Keep track of what happens to stocks they buy after their trade emails go out, especially any new ones they buy. 

They can't lose.
It is good all these billionaires like Icahn, Ackman have failed to tank this market by appearing on CNBC and spewing their doom & gloom in past week. 

Their attempt at causing panic have failed as retail has continued to buy the dip. I Wonder which billionaire would dare challenge us next.
TSLA $300P 2023
Jeffrey dough 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
i think tesla fanboys think it should be at least 10x the enterprise value of the rest of the industry
Biotech goes tits up at regular rates. A lot of the rest of Ark is carried by Tesla. For some reason, ARKF carries a lot of pinterest.

Not a scam, but I think "10% Tesla ETFs that underperform Tesla" isn't as impressive as it looks.
[removed]
Whoever bought my 22 x $25 2/19 covered calls seem to think so.
Look up how buying any stock or option or anything traded at all in any capacity works bro...
GL, but its already up over 4x...
What’s your guys price target for FUBO and OZON in the next couple months?
$25? 26?
Yes but they would not fucking storm the capitol building holding congress hostage holy shit the fact you can’t see how different and big if a deal that is. It’s kind of blowing my mind. They could have literally killed 3/4s of our federal government that day. The protection that trump seems to have refused to let the capitol have is the cause too. Wake the fuck up man. This isn’t about your or my views on policy anymore we have been embarrassed on the world stage like never before it will take decades to heal from this.
I’m not super rich, but I’m nowhere near poor. I’ve owned two Teslas, almost have a PhD, married a surgeon, and saved for my kids’ college. I’m gonna be fine.
This guy sells options
I will kiss you boys in the future
[deleted]
wayhub
I have my entire roth in arkk leaps. Up 80% since Nov
You’re really thinking this could hit $45 this year? That’s a ballsy call
possible, but It gambling.  I personally wouldn't trust anyone on YouTube.   If they pulled back a bit I would maybe play with a small percentage.  Something you could afford to lose.
Not a biography but Matthew McConaughey’s Green lights is phenomenal. And he narrates it 

Only like 6 hours long
Interstellar makes me wet
this is true. On Tuesday (1/5) I bought a 2/19 $370P FD with 70% IV. So I lost some value until Friday. On Friday it actually went up in price which has never happened to me before. IV now 120%.
Mitch mcconnell the type of dude to think the stripper was actually into him
If she keeps this up we’ll all be the richest person on earth in a few years
What are your main positions rn and how much you got invested? 

Personally I’m waiting for a play to enter into but I’m about 65k in ARKG and 10k ARKK
i love it when boomers use siri because they literally can’t do the task without voice assistance

i laugh so hard and then they look at me
How many people in the world went on twitter to see what Trump tweeted you think ? love or hate it, he was creating a lot of content.
did you just invent the gay bull?
Send it to my zelle account
I figured it out - GM underlined the M in their new logo because the underline of M is for Mary
Will Biden re-instate the former policy on Taiwan? Or will he allow them to be free?

Will be interesting to see. 

I’m guessing he won’t bow down to CCP and reverse course to old policy?

What do you think? Does it affect markets?
[deleted]
EV GANG, STEEL GANG, WEED GANG, CLEAN ENERGY GANG, AAPL GANG, SPAC GANG man so many gangs and so much bullishness i feel like im in the middle of the most epic GANGBANG in history!!
Unpopular opinion, Dicks isnt very good.
Honestly, I don't even know how you will pull through this, with only hundreds of thousands of dollars...I am here for you brother.
3.) WAP
 PSTH getting subway or pornhub?
You must pay the local warlord if you want to trade on his land
Buyers pay more for those modern updates because they’re just as retarded 🤡
Why?
Anyone concerned about retiring before their parents? I’ll probably be taken out of the will, but who cares, my siblings need help... desperately.
\+ 3.8% net investment income tax on MAGI above 200k, so 40.8% to the feds
No FOMO pre market on NIO. Will wait until opening dip and ALL IN on shares and options and close my computer!
Odd that so many people recommend selling covered calls now when anyone selling CCs the past year has seen their strike blown through and magnitudes of gains on the table.

I'd only sell CCs on shares you plan on selling anyway, like 1000 or something.
If he was able to bet 100k on this then he already was living with fuck you money.
I don’t know what direction to take
No way. One person would buy them and just post them on Twitter
Dude. 

Throwing down some big numbers there. 

Do you realize how common this “pattern” is? 
Price converging along uneven diagonals does not equal a pennant. This isn’t a pennant.
That's how I feel about people who talk about TSLA puts. edit: fortunately TSLA puts die all on their own
Not to this degree
I had a dream last night that TSLA crashed hard down to $69. Then Rowan Atkinson went balls deep into TSLA calls. 

Stock bounced back up to $300, making Mr. Bean the richest person in the world. 

Please do with this DD what you will.
What’s btfd
Thanks for the solid DD. I think I got my strategy: buy bigly calls. Make fukkin millions of tendies. Then short the shyt out of TSLA after we 🌙 again (on reusable tesla 🚀of course). Time it perfectly to make tendies up and down.
What’s the case for PSTH doubling? I want to believe
- “Never says anything ever again”

Sincerely,
CCP
imagine starting to trade when you’re 30 lmao fuck that’s old
Are you kidding? Look up how options work bro
ARK is selling their TSLA shares into strength. Highly recommend you do the same to take profits before it inevitably corrects in the short term.
It’s called inflation
I think you’re focusing more on the fundamental properties of shares vs options, not necessarily the value/risks of margin.
In puts? Lol
Thoughts on spread leaps?
You clearly haven’t seen $100-1000 options increase 3-5 fold.
jfc those are only down 90%?? that's a gift dude, gtfo
Christopher nolan films am I right?
Liquidity might be low
If 🥭 sells nudes he will break the internet and make billions
I picked up free-range organic hype
Zibawabe be like we tried that
I was planning on exercising, these have very little extrinsic value being so deep itm
You seem to be taking this super well, most people would be having a panic attack and crying
737 is statically on par with other aircraft in it's class when it comes to safety, and maintenance will always become more difficult the older a plane gets and the more often it flies. While Boeing has made some mistakes in the past by overselling how long the aircraft can go without maintenance (and the MAX is just a completely separate fuckup), the 737 is a well designed and built aircraft that moves millions and millions of people without any issue every year.
[deleted]
I would pay for that
Research call debit spreads.  With TSLA, you can likely find a spread for $200-300 with something like a 40-60% chance of profit. 

You buy an option with a lower strike,  sell the next strike higher.  So maybe it's $3,000 for the long call and you're paid $2,800 for the short.  Worst case you lose 200.
daily
By about half of Mara’s 😜
[deleted]
Feeling better about my decisions lately.  Put in 15k in August, was down 9k at the end of December, now i'm up 5k all time. Lets keep it going!

ICLN 7/16 33,34,35
Ya, legit concerned I’m gonna make my dad jealous by retiring before him.
Tesla has dropped between 30-60%% like 6 times in the last 5 years. It's history is littered with incredible ups and downs. "It's always been at ATH" has really only been true the last 3 months. It even dipped for a bit before Q4 2020, though that was quite a small dip.
I made the hype in-house
Are the warrants 3:1 redemption?
Can we get a reverse split on the US dollar
You in the right place
ARKG
Rember NKE, when they stepped into the whole BLM think with Kapernick?  The same was said.  The stock dipped like 5%, then traded sideways for a few months before taking off again.


Am I saying to hold.. not really, depends on why you chose to go long on them in the first place but I would not bail on the sentiment of a outspoken few that are kinda in their feelings.

We'll see soon enough come Monday.
Probably by 4th of July
And why not RIOT
And I'm pointing out that even if you're generous and suppose that they can pump out a million cars per year, per factory, that means they need to build twenty factories in the next ten years — two factories *per year*.

It means they need to sell twice as many cars per year as Volkswagen.

Twice as many cars per year as Toyota.

Twice as many cars per year as GM.

It means they literally become the largest automaker in the world.

*Can they do it? Sure, it's possible.*
I guess you're assuming the value of the shares will eventually increase past the extrinsic value? Given your positions, were you planning on exercising when you opened them or has the mooning changed your plans?
You tell us, you’re the chart wizard 🤡
It's illegal to announce what your buying without proper procedures. 


If you spent a minute paying attention to cramer youd know that his charity exists for very specific reasons. 

And that he's not allowed to own the stocks he's recommending without a disclaimer.
Is Cathie Wood scamming me, a memer millenial, with her fancy buzzwords and meme stock pumping, or is she actually a genius? I can't tell. I have 75% of my robinhood and a small chunk of my retirement funds in ARKK and ARKG.
You could wait till Thursday and buy a 1DTE faaaaar out of the money, that'll be within your budget
Learn about spreads if you’re poor
My body is ready
Open wide for the fat cock of truth
He’s talking about parlor
All tendie lovers are double dipping my friend 🍾🥂
Not just about China the market sentiment seems very fearful
Poor 🚨
Your right! There will be a pull back but in my opinion not till I decide funds and etc get their piece of the pie
Not on TSLA but you can find cheap calls for under a hundo on other stocks.
Sure.... 
A slight burn won't hurt my pecker  ----->     
       Go PACKERS
[deleted]
Start with more affordable options contracts on companies that trade in the 10-20 dollar range and also aren’t shit tier businesses until you have enough for 1 single tsla call.
we dont invest in canada, backwards 3rd world country
Do you pay taxes if you don’t cash out ? Total tard here
FCEL 20+ soon?
Ok so let me preface this by saying I work in defense contracting so I follow these companies very closely (currently work for BAE). I think 2021 is going to be a very uncertain time for defense contracting (yes including PLTR) because the US is currently pulling out of Afghanistan and Africa. Now its possible Biden could reverse this but there's so much shit going on CONUS and so little public support for the war that I doubt he will do anything drastic beyond delaying the rip from these countries. Revenue in the military industrial complex isnt going to go to zero, but a LOT of contracts are going to end. It might be a somewhat bleak time for the industry until the next war.
First day after tsla inclusion. That was one wild-ass day.
SNE
Damn... can I get anywhere like this with a few hundred bucks to my name? .... haha.... :(
She has a 1-year proven track record in a covid bull market. You can't go wrong with Cathy 😎
I think $30 by feb 1
Thanks, buddy, but I asked for it. I know I’m an idiot. I know I’m 90% fucked!
His choice of words twice with “reverence for the office” really highlights how he has no respect for her and honestly was the greater offense than Crazy Nancy lol. Love it.
Calls on Bill Ackman’s skincare routine
Go to r/dividends
I missed the dopamine hit so much I bet $100 on the browns money line tomorrow
Post proof or shut the fuck up already. God damn its annoying as shit.
Wouldn't he want to sell covered puts considering Tesla doesn't ever go down?
[deleted]
You should do half in Bili and half in Huya
PLTR blasting off Tuesday confirmed. Thanks for the tip, will be buying in Monday at close
yeah man, a tesla interiors are crap.  i’d rather be driving my Nissan Leaf.  /sarcasm
Now that 🥭 has been shadowbanned from internet I think he will make an onlyfans and create content with stormy Daniels. This has always been his play from day one.
Guys I don’t own any TSLA. Is it just FOMO if I buy now? I only have like $1k spending power.

(Plz don’t hurt me)
You think a tesla correction is going to bring the market down more than a virus that shut literally the entire world down for a year? What the fuck are some of you retards smoking.
Oh no no don't you do that
and cant stop
Yeah I’ve been reading about this new law in China about companies Suing other companies for following the US policies
So funny to see so much salt from people who missed out.. 🤣
I thought Volvo was in the race?
Then you have times like right now where the economy and everything else is pretty fucking bad, but stocks are pretty fucking good, and everyone is confused.
No one went broke taking profits
I admire your balls, Sir! Goodluck!
Ah fuck
Like a fractional call? There might be a market for this...
Yes, buy way OTM calls with the closest expiration. You'll very likely just lose your money though but there were 1260 calls selling for 5 cents Thursday morning and went to over $2.40 on Friday.
IV is low at the 60 - 64% range?
Someone bought the hype
What's your thesis?
I was gonna downvote this. 

And then I did.
Get ready for that Luckin moment.
If you sell at 1m and pay 30 tax you get 700k, if you sell at 10m, you get 7 mil.
Yep.  Not proud of it.  I came into the Market mid March and somehow, someway, I bled my portfolio down to about 30 pathetic percent of what it was....it's really been death by a thousand paper-handed cuts.
Gab is absolute shit, how do these people use this?
Just like the 40 previous that were 100% wrong?
DOMO
New? He’s been doing it forever man.
arkq
TSLA options are extremely expensive. There are plenty of options on tickers that are way cheaper. Start there.
Debit spreads if you are to poor to buy the real call you want. If limits your upside but you can play the game atleast.
Very possible. I’m just gonna hold and buy the dip if it dumps again
So with Dems in charge to we get another $1400 stimmy + legal weed by valentines day?
Puts on Parler then?
Feedback loops and gamma squeezes, fomo, these generally don’t end well. Def not a Tsla hater I’m a big Elon fan, but exactly what you just described (no one wants to miss out, long term bears changing their mind) are usually signs of a short term top. Maybe not Monday but likely a pretty chunk drawdown relatively soon as the price is completely divorced from the company itself right now
Algos don't know about it
Aww I just signed up for parler
Dr. Burry is an advanced human. He has bigly brain and can wait to get his Tendies, I'm sure he will get his.
BUT WE WANT OUR TENDIES NOW, FUCK FREUD MY ID IS IN CONTROL!!
[deleted]
Honestly
[deleted]
I just bought a full set of encyclopedias. Gotta em on the shelf.
🤣
“Why waste time say lot word when few word do trick?” -Jack Ma
As a great man one said....     Gummies gives the best bj
I'm currently looking at charts. What the fuck happened to SPY Dec 21st?
But the question is how many shares will the insiders own?

Bill Spacman is selling some 200+ mil in PSTH shares and the insiders will still own 80% of the company... so if my math serves me correct, there will be a total of some 1b shares on the market?? 1b shares is a lot. If there’s 1b shares, and share prices stay at 30, or say go as high as 45...... thennnnnnn holy cannoli that’s a high valuation for cold cuts and sub sauce.
Do you still think MT and VALE will rise to $30 by March?
where is the were storming the capitol its a revolution remix
If you had to pick only one ticker to put all your money into for Q1 2021 what do you pick?
Puts on this guy
To add onto this, the 737 gets a bad rap a lot of times because it's so common of an aircraft that of course it's going to have quite a few visible accidents, but that doesn't mean it's actual record isn't still on par with most other planes of it's class and age. The MAX was a collosal fuckup by Boeing who needed to get a competitor to the Neo out as quickly as possible so didn't put in the proper level of safety work and purposely avoided telling airlines about the automated systems so they'd sell more of them (because the aircraft would supposedly need little retraining). It was corporate greed from a company with an already toxic culture, being magnified by it's usage by companies with relatively poor training standards.
#THE STIMMY JUST HIT MY BROKE ASS ACCOUNT BOYS LFGGGGGGG!!!!! 😆😆

This shit going straight to the CCP #NIO
You know what I mean
Will you provide the magnifying glass and tweezers?
Do u think it will have a false breakout & test lower side of the wedge before mooning ?
They are disgusted when I look at them because they think I think I have a chance because they are unattractive and feel bad about themselves, so it's reaffirmation that they aren't as undesirable was me
It won’t crash anytime soon, maybe in a few months
I was gonna downvote this, but no. There aren't any coupons on options. Go save up some money then come back when you are ready to lose it all.
Youll regret that
Man I wouldn’t do that if I was you
That’s not a pennant. 😂
Solid list but Don’t forget MARA
Riot mara to $50 EOM
Anyone else concerned for Monday
but you pay tax on those gains eventually right, so why not sell and pay the tax now?
Is this priced in for NIO? [NIO Nvidia working together on automation change the game](https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2021/01/09/2155851/0/en/NIO-Partners-with-NVIDIA-to-Develop-a-New-Generation-of-Automated-Driving-Electric-Vehicles.html)
I almost lost my PLTR shares once, so never again.
Yea but a call can expire worthless and you will owe 100% of the money you borrowed that is now lost. 

While with shares if a price can dip, and you will be required to cover that cost, let’s say you do it by depositing money into the account, but once the share price hopefully goes back up you make your money back.
Lolll if you’re serious, thank you in advance for your shares 👅
Thoughts on $IQ?
[deleted]
When brah
Elon is a businessman, not an elected political leader.
Omg 😱 not again! Mods BAN him & TA if it doesn’t moon real quick
Yeah I’m selling some Tesla to get more NIO. Evening up my position. I was a little Tesla heavy.
Will 🚀🚀🚀...as soon as you sell thanks!!
[deleted]
Don’t think he’ll blow the military budget up more than mango. Those will still be boomer stocks.
That’s a sports utility vehicle right there brutha
So ICLN should continue the rally?
Puts on Spotify cause their queue system sucks ass
Imagine if China invaded Taiwan today. Or if the US bombs Iran and a war breaks out. What if this time a hurricane floods an entire city worse than what happened with Harvey for a longer time? A major corporate scandal that would affect the going concern of the business. You may say these are improbable but we can all assume you will have a few "[Black Swan]"(https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/blackswan.asp) events in a decade-long period. Sometimes multiple in one year. Some may affect your stock and some won't.
Unfortunately you can’t do that
join theta gang
They're leaps for sept '21 and jan '22. 

50K bet with a 40x payoff.
LGVW
No
[deleted]
Good thing you had another chance last year with Tesla. I'm sure you remembered and went all in right?
I'm already using all my cash holding PSTH, AAPL, and SPY. Using my margin on NIO monday
Sell them, play the others and then when you get back PLTR will probably still be in the 25’s waiting for you. I’m the same boat with 2k shares, fortunately it’s only 25% of my portfolio, so I’ve been able to play the others.
BRRRRRRRRR
california cant even provide electricity reliably to its citizens yet it wants more electric vehicles
1 min speed chess: https://play.chess.com/iQ68p
You’re a dumb fuck. What you’re talking about is battery swapping which is not BaaS. Idiot.
Brrrr BRRR BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Internet culture can be toxic af. That's why we have moderators.  I am for free speech but direct threats and planned treason isnt acceptable.
r/suddenlygay
Because they keep thinking it’s going to and stay on the sidelines while it goes up
You misunderstood me, kind sir.

I meant that trendlines are about as trustworthy as my good friend Joe.
[removed]
I know people are clowning on you and I don’t know much about options trading but I’m so sorry dude, I hope things can work out for you
Stay the fuck away from here is what I’d do
1/22 1100c, hope you’re right!
[deleted]
MARA at least double 🔜
I think he's genuinely an evil person. Like I just cannot wrap my head around his actions unless he's purposely trying to cause harm/elevate his own position. Coumo too. I have TSLA and NIO stock but this just isn't a wise way to spend taxpayer money.
[removed]
If you look at the monthly chart of TSLA, it's basically a vertical line and you might think it's going to crash. Wrong.

If you turn your monitor sideways, you'll see it's been quite flat which means it's consolidating in preparation to moon out of this world.

Buy calls.
TAN and ICLN are running until Thursday then they are blasting off 🤑🤑🤑
Rekt?
If you do know that you'd be busy counting yoir money not shit posting
I have the best answer to make you even more money. Where do you live and what’s your birthday and social security number?
E-books. (Electric Books obviously)
*jeanyus
I just saw meet Kevin 20 million dollar stock portfolio on YouTube 😂
$400 for toilet seats in the 80’s? I will need to ask my grandfather about that to confirm
To 1000, then 1250, 1500, 1750, 2000, stock split 5:1, 400, its the cycle.
should i sell my march apple call for march NIO calls?
I had 2 Jan 15 550c bought immediately after s&p announcement (4k). Sold it for 8k and 13k each.. Each contract worth 33k now. What should have been  a 66k gain from 4k (1600%) ended up being 21k. All good with the gains after sep/Oct drawdowns but its still painful.. Moral : tsla will make you insanely rich or broke and these opportunities will come again
Why does everyone think Tesla gonna crash Monday you must know nothing, literally hella Index Funds haven’t bought in Tesla and each time Tesla goes up they have to buy more it’s a loop no one wants to miss out on Tesla now even the long terms bears are changing their mind now and if you don’t believe me watch my vid

https://youtu.be/EWVen-WkLjU
I dumped 60k into pltr leaps I hope
I’ll be able to afford it. Sweet!
Is this a serious question?
Was just thinking chicken v. the egg thing and then saw it in your comment.

🤷🏻‍♂️
nope, we were tubin af
Tell us how you did it?
Amazon lost 94% of its value during dot com bubble. $100 to $6
if she aint two-eighty she aint a lady
In all seriousness I do believe it was a BA aircraft, but one that was 25+ years old.
Yep, it's insane how many people buy something that is "on sale" just because they like the feeling of getting a deal.
ROKU
good werk
how high will mara and riot go?
Mods can you ban this douche spamming Subway?
Yup last week actually became big green all time 

Up 240% last three months
Sell 1st thing Monday. You turned $100,000 into millions. Time to cash out.
Tesla is so powerful soon you will have a brain implant to start your c.... oh wait.
It’s more than a shortage. 

Governments are starting to block exports. 

Buyers are literally resorting to scraps.
On mobile bro. Fuck off f@g
Tom Petty said is best for the bears out there, “You don’t know how it feels.” 😂

Fuck your puts gay bears.
Exercise at expiry
anti-free market, big government policies literally made Elon the richest person in the world. the government paid rich people to buy luxury cars
Ban! /s
I'm kinda scared to buy calls.
It will become like tumblr
Yep.  One of them will become the 8chan of hosts.
Something about leveraged ETFs bleeding money consistently. Just like options, which are also leveraged; if you ain’t going up, you’re losing money. 

Also oil prices have been on a downtrend due to many factors such as higher availability, lower demand, cheaper to extract, etc.  Long term I believe oil will have gone way of the dodobird (EVs, green energy is the new big boss) but in the short/medium term I believe oil will turn into chicken tendies.
All these million+ TSLA gain posts is making me jelly
Sell off half or 3 quarters and ride the rest
I was unaware of the rumors. Yeah, that could seriously dent him. SPACs jump on anything rn, I’m also interested if he can raise that kind of capital if the bubble bursts
Can you confirm if TurboTax does this automatically or do I need to specify / add that I had losses? Asking because a family member with a TurboTax account has done my Taxes but I’m not sure if he’s factored in capital losses that I’ve previously had
Wallstreetbets is my favorite *sub*reddit
Just watched his SNL monologue and he’s getting to the Carlin-esque level of making deep social commentary intermixed with the jokes. Kind of a new thing for him
Post you gain/loss porn please, whatever it may be :D
She gonna start the new company Amazonian
[removed]
Under ideal circumstances, yes
Fat white girls will do literally anything man

They have a superiority complex tho lol
Depends on the Theta.
This is my “hobby” 

This isn’t a hobby, being a retard is a way of life.
I agree. Even if there's a deal, BA will not announce anything before the inauguration.
there’s way too many stocks i wanna play. AAPL, ICLN, PSTH, IPOD, IPOF, NIO, TSLA, all looking good. I don’t have the money for all of them lol
Not extended trading hours.
Fr plat is super toxic
Everybody wanna whiff too
mine was at 23$ but will drop to 0 all the same 😭
Have you recovered yet? That's insane
This is priceless, unlike Tesla's market cap.
Invest in growth, lesson #1
GM $43 1/22
Legit. When I’m in control, I go with the 1 deluxe, 1 fry. When I’m reckless, it’s 2 deluxe, 2 fry, 1 strawberry shake, & a cheeseburger for homeless guy on the corner.
Vito has been strong on 80 percent shares and 20 percent calls.
Bro. You’ve never been inside one? Just find a fat white girl
We're not in the same boat. We're in the same storm with different boats. Some boats are shitty, like myself, and some are yachts, like that idiot kid who lost millions betting daddy's money.
but for most after getting at least some sort of genuine affection
It was my life savings, I was scared, but yolo
The guy you want to talk to is Martin.  Forgot his last name... skhreli or some shit like that
~$60K total in calls and shares. Let’s go baby!!
BA is high risk. Even if the MAX flies. They’ve been making shit. The plant in South Carolina has quality issues.
link
[removed]
Also B L O K which has low IV options (albeit,  low volume too)
E B O N - equipment,  future marketplace
coming into $2M in new money in the next few months. wwyd
Trillion
that loses more people the higher it goes
GME call holders will be blessed next week, holy fucking shit. I'm mad I'm only holding shares.
It’s just using borrowed money. Not inherently “riskier” in terms of the plays themselves (shares vs options) but you do have to worry about dipping below margin maintenance. As long as you avoid that, it’s just additional leverage offered really cheaply.
[deleted]
If you know about it, shouldn't it be priced in?
Calls on healthcare stocks after magatards get beat senseless attacking blue lives while holding blue lives matter flags.
There is a 11 hour delay fetching comments.

I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2021-02-13 18:37:57 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-13%2018:37:57%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktpb69/michael_burry_on_tesla_enjoy_it_while_it_lasts/giog6ym/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fktpb69%2Fmichael_burry_on_tesla_enjoy_it_while_it_lasts%2Fgiog6ym%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-13%2018%3A37%3A57%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ktpb69)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Ayy got me there. Do you believe it?
You can go much higher strike
ARK website shows ARKK is available as a mutual fund or ETF. It also shows as available in Japan with a few others. Could be a mistake on their web site.
lol this dude about to get recalled
Educate the poor gentlewoman.
Elon.....?
Gamestop had it's meeting reclassified as a tech and moved to the 11th.
A month ago everyone was saying buy January calls which is why you see these posts. That changed to buy shares when everyone that had calls realized how fucked they were.
[removed]
will people still go on twitter if there's no content to offend them? Twitter struggles to attract new users compare to fb and google.
Easy
I hope Sherman does a Steve Ballmer and just says Omni-channel non stop for the whole 30 minutes.
🧂
maybe after surgery but I'm so ugly that it may not even work
He’s been the GOAT for a while
Remember, it took years for Tesla to pop. NIO popped right away so you KNOW it won't be the same ride.
Nope. Definitely the one I posted because he is way more retarded than Weezy
its Nicole kessinger
I wish I had a MARA position
Nothing will happen to Amzn because they threw that shitty maga-Twitter off their servers.
Well if it goes on a moon mission, IV could shoot up enough for him to get out half intact, perhaps?
why?
What are you talking about? You have to jump over a couple of expiry dates before you get to the April options. Isn’t that what a leap is?/s
TWTR is more like 200mil daily active users.

75m people voted for Trump... to zoom out a bit, not counting young kids, that is 20% of US population.  

Zoom out some more, US is 5% of world population.

Like I said some other post, the effect will be insignificant- world governments, world media to brands to user base are not going to bail.  

They truely don't care that much.
Is this even a question
depends on how hard it pops... which will probably be hard and pre-market if it does.  calls were already up 60% when i looked at them on friday...
😟
White collar crime punishments are weak, the ruling class takes care of their own
bruh i love PSTH and have lots of shares but sold jan 15 40c for "free money" back in dec when it was flat at 26 and i really hope these dont hit. PSTH to the moon after inauguration.
[deleted]
🐝 or G H I V
Caution with his, love him as a person and admire his goal. I flip his before they merge. Tend to be longer term investments imo and that’s not what I want rn
You're either due for new glasses or brain cleansing.
Fucking ball chasers
explain
I'm fucking livid looking at all these gains and I'm holding this shitfuck Palantir bullshit. 2300 shares getting sold on Monday. Fuck Karp and that doofus haircut, I'm out.
[deleted]
Hi Dad. How was your day? I’m ready to move back home and help you spend them tendies 😀
Tesla gonna fucking Moon Thursday when Biden address that 1.5 billion stimulus
Please, either way, keep me in your hard ons
Let me guess.  you watch Ziptrader YouTube channel?
[California governor's stimulus plan includes $1.5 billion to boost electric and hydrogen vehicles](https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2021/01/06/newsom-plan-includes-1point5-billion-to-boost-electric-hydrogen-vehicles.html)

From last Wednesday but proposal set to be unveiled this Friday. Coupled with Biden’s stimulus reveal on Thursday...if you’re not in TSLA this week you hate money. 

1/29 1100c
What about all the other times it went up $100?
Don't fight the 📼
Call NPR. Terry Gross will let you run your mouth.
June at the earliest. Now pushed back to August and onto 2022 fookin retard
Ye i just need 190k to begin with...
What anime is that
What are some white jokes you guys find most funny? school shooter is a bit low brow, but they make me laugh
Oh my god lmao
Lost 78% in one trade. 

Didn’t leave bed that day
Just wait til trump is out - Dominion going to sue him and his family. Those employees all gonna sue. The whole group going to get suits filed against them. 

Trump and co gonna be raising money for years. 

Calls on GoFundMe💰
Its safer than a bank account
Probably more like Jan/Feb but I didn’t trade everyday till then. And yeah I’m vibin. You’re toxic as fuck it’s kinda sad boss haha good for you
Is worth two in the bush
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/cameron5047 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
do you know how many hosts there are out there?
It sucks even more now cause everything is closed
Give it time, and he will keep averaging down that cost as well!
Everyone is so shit on Rocket League jesus
The company is looking for a "unicorn." Subway is the most  boring basic predictable thing you could go for
Solid fucking dd. Buying calls Monday.
Chappelle graduating to true GOAT status
IMO Tesla will drop only after starlink goes public, maybe because of starlink going public.
>What if it goes to $1000??

Then the $100k you left invested will have gained a nice chunk of value and you will still be a millionaire that never has to work again.

Seriously dude, this is enough money that you can invest it in the lowest-possible risk portfolio and retire. The difference in your life between this being worth $2.5M or 3M isn't worth the risk. If you really are worried about FOMO, keep $500k invested in Tesla and get the rest into a diversified, low risk portfolio that still allows you to have a legit annual income. Having 550 shares of an $800+ stock still allowd for huge profits if it keeps rocketing upwards.

You have the option to be set for life. Take it.
Yes sir, will make sure I’m 100% in calls dad

Steel gang is doing well btw! Biden is pumping my ass up
true
AND WHEN YOUR TIME COMES YOU WILL KNOW THAT IT’S TIME
That’s why I haven’t got anything on margin and rolled my January calls out further, plus I have dry powder. I anticipate there could be a drop to the $16 level AH Monday into Tuesday and I’ll just buy more shares on top the the 15.3k shares in my bag
it was a 26yr old plane not a max
I don't think so, I think my parents have insane credit actually, so I don't know why this didn't work for me. My parents and I were super surprised when I kept getting rejected from cards because we were all told that making me an authorized user would give me good credit but it just didn't happen
Send her a pic of your pussy
I’d sell now.
What plan
IPOD, IPOF
Tesla predictions on Monday? Crash? Moon?
You prob dont even know what pennant pattern is. Fk off.
Everyone dies alone.
Same but it's a feeling I'll never forget.
Dont use margins the calls are annoying asf and if you cant meet the requirements they will just sell you at a lose no questions asked and with options you can diamonds hand that shit to zero
Fascinating. Waiting on your positions, DD, should be a good read :) well done man
hes legit brain damaged, what a legend
buy a TSLA put and go to 0 in 10 min
Conspiracy theories
Wait for ICLN pullback before getting into leaps, NIO i see going at least $100-110 this year get those leaps instead
It hurts a bit but I try to keep in mind the best advice I saw on here: There's a rocket ship every damn weekday. Try and put some info together to find it, and don't spend too much time regretting missing today's.
Yeah, I’ve been waiting lol.  It’s gonna be 🌈🐻 time soon ;)
I just got 2 fry, cheese, and a deluxe from the lynwood one a couple days ago
not a gay chicken, i love it
Could be me. Bought in at 350. Sold at 500 because I felt a quick dip coming. Then my account had a transaction error and I couldn't buy back for 4 days after the dip. By that point I thought it wouldn't go up much more than the 640 it was at. I invested in some other stocks and have been watching tesla shoot up since.
Depends on the option and the share. For real
Not this, max loss deduction per year is 3K. It can be carried forward but that write off is not worth much unless he is making low level income anyway
??
🏆
Musk first trillionaire end of year
So no pussy ever????
This is spectacularly bad TA
I also like the new Bronco, but not that much
I had the same worry. Also thought that if Tsla dumps maybe some investors might switch to solar but who knows
You said you started in March. You ok bro?
I've lost 30% of my portfolio twice in these last 6 months, both times in less than a week. Account was $130k the first time, and $195k the second time, so we're taking $30k+ losses. I'm at all time highs now though and up 70% overall.

Not on individual trades though.
14th and not the 11th***

https://news.gamestop.com/events/event-details/2020-icr-conference
Everyone's a genius in a bull market, that being said, nice gains and good luck.
One day we shall meet in Valhalla PLTRGOD. Until then Godspeed fellow autist may the tendies rain down like Gypsies
ty!
What happened to GUSH? It used to be 23,734 and now it's at 47.
More times than I can count. Fortunately for me I’m still a poor jackass who’s had to go through that with only about 1k each time
Raytheon literally has 27.1 billion in annual revenue. DCGS was a tiny blip and the software was on its way to getting phased out anyway. Everyone thats used it hates it and Palantir is way better
It’s not. It’s 26 years old. BA is still fucked. What were you thinking?
And that’s your good qualities
NIO march 60c a good play?
keto my dude
Pennants/flags are bullish patterns that stocks show before they surge.
Shares on memes leaps on on blue chips.
Nah, more like this 
https://youtu.be/WEq_k6X9NLQ
As a guy who posted the image, whelp, pretty screwed
Agreed, it's a great company, and the last man standing as the "youtube" of China in an ultra-competitive environment.
[removed]
a problem is that in china, lots of people live in densly populated cities in apartments. How do you charge your car in an apartment? That’s where Nio has the advantage right now. Plus, tesla is targeting the affordable ev sector whereas NIO is more upscale and luxurious.
[deleted]
Nah just curious. I wonder if it was Indonesian Airlines. They’ve been getting a really bad rap the past decade
I told myself I wouldn't feel bad leaving money on the table.  I bought 1 contract when it was at 500ish and sold at 600ish.  Made 10K but I'm still kicking myself when I see the chart.
[deleted]
!RemindMe 6 days
maybe but i'll always remember you
What’s the benefits of using a broker versus myself? I’m just worried brokers just fuck around with my money and buying some stupid ass stocks and then tell you, “oh well we lost your money sorry have a nice day now.”
There’s usually a 180 day lock up period before insider investors holding shares outside of those SPAC shares can sell their shares and the float overall increases
If you live in the Seattle area, get a Dicks deluxe burger w/ a fry, put the fries in between the patties and you’ve got yourself a Dicks gang bang, pretty much what the Rams did to the Hawks today.
Won’t even make a dent for them. And it’s not even controversial looking at what amount of murder fantasies Parler had left through recently. 
Twitter will have more explaining to do. Zuck kind of got away by banning Mango right away instead of jumping back and forth like Jack. No one talks about FB anymore.
[deleted]
Isn't the 10th a Sunday so doubt its on that day :)

The link I had from Gamestop's website above had it on the 11th.
MARA, PSTH, IPOD, IPOF all poised to double in the short term
heard it was an old plane because they are cheap asses in indo and have crappy regulations
That would be so fucking gay
[removed]
[deleted]
Getting married? Sure I'll die alone as nature wanted me to
Even if it crashes 50%, it'll be back to ATH the following week so just buy the dip.
IPOE and BFT looking good
This isn’t even impressive at all. It’s a big number because you already put 2m into Tesla shares. You essentially doubled your money which plenty of people have
[deleted]
eph yu
!RemindMe 5 days
Holding BA calls?
[deleted]
You're missing the point.
I’m not broke or new I’ve been actively trading for over a year and investing for 3 also studied business finance lol so jokes on you long term I’ll be here you’ll be buying JUUL calls
more than that
As a guy who is just here for the memes and is trying to get into stocks, how screwed is he, from a non hehe funny perspective?
MARA go on and make daddy some money
I need to find myself a traditional women
ICLN leaps (low iv) or Nio shares ? ($1,000 play)
Stop, I can only get so hard 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Newb question, 

How much riskier is it to buy options vs shares using margin? Seems much more riskier.
To be fair I’m up 50% week (down 30% overall) because of Tesla and a few other calls, 80% of my portfolio is in calls.... can’t go big without losing big lol
Only if you add the mayo yourself 😫
Thier solid blue version of the new logo isn't nearly as bad as the micrsoft word art version
Even if the transition to electeicic literally happened overnight, TSLA is still over priced. Because they can't produce enough cash (ie cars) to justify the investment. They need 100% of customers to buy a product that is not even minimum viable - FSD is basically a pre-alpha product. The future of the company likely hinges on FSD (not existentially, just the barometer of success), and it might not even pan out. Personally I think it will, just that at this PE, it's too high a risk to bank on. 

Look at it one more way - PE currently 1600. To get that PE ratio down to 35 (still super high) they need to have 45 times more profits. If it's coming from cars, that's annual production of 22.8m cars. What did musk say, 20m cars/year is their 10 year goal? I also remember their goal of autonomous vehicles completely ready in 2018. If I have to wait 10 years before they are capable of justifying TODAYs price, it's just not something I'm interested in buying. Fundamentals will catch up with it at some point, and I'm not going to be a bag holder on this one. 

Like i said before, I love Tesla's mission and operation, and Musk's leadership is effective. It's just that there are better risk-adjusted investments in which to make money. If 2022 year-end numbers come in and their profits are 45 times bigger than 2020, you'll have proven me wrong.
Which ticker
Anybody know if that plane was a 737 Max?
If I bought spy 280 puts hacked into trump's Twitter (when he used to have an account and his password was maga2020!) and tweeted spy to 280 and made millions would I go to jail?
[deleted]
i sold at 2.19 usd 💀
Church?
Musk's stated target is 20 million cars sold per year by 2030.
What's your favorite SPAC right now
Yes, but this is offset by the fact that you have new investors coming in looking to buy shares in HK. There was a similar run-up when Alibaba listed on HK exchange.
stock market crash deniers are real
Over 20% of our money supply was printed in 2020. Cash is trash. Where else are people supposed to put their money to help retain its value? Savings is basically 0. Bonds suck. There's RE but it's expensive. 

With the Fed basically saying, yo, we got your back Mr Market, everyone dumps their money into the market and up we go, forever.
In theory, couldn’t you write off these expenses too? I always thought that’s how he funded his stuff...rake in profits from views etc and write off the cost of creating it. Never thought about sponsorships.
This is the last week one can make these retarded plays bcs there's no way this shits is gonna keep going during the week of the 18th. We've seen it all before, tesla goes sideways for a couple of months, pops straight up for a couple of weeks, crashes then goes sideways for another couple of months.

I even did the math on this: 
http://imgur.com/a/P0LggJE
Sure, it pushes people to prime video upgrades, amazon music, amazon products, etc. But the Amazon most regular consumer folk know is not the Amazon behind the stock value.
Why didn't they just change their logo to this? https://images.app.goo.gl/CoaBx682cvd7TDp97
u/vitocorlene what do you think about shipping stocks/bulk carriers? If we expect an increase in steel/ore/commodities demand won't the shipping sector also get a lift as the demand and prices for shipping services will also increase?
Will it dump though like earnings?
Regular stocks or options?
Anyone know how long the margin requirement for ICLN at Fidelity has been at 100%?
That would be nice.
I’d eat her
Isn’t the ICR conference on the 14th not the 10th?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Again?
[deleted]
First ones free, but never give up. This is the way
You’d be invited to the secret idiot savant subreddit
The juice is not worth the squeeze.
A lot of people who have been doing consistent DD on GME think there's going to be a dip because of the the conference and poor holiday sales.
Or you can not be a pussy and just yolo 50K FUBO long or in calls without hedging like I did.
any idiot whos 2 mil up knows what to do. put it all in an index fund and live off the interest. 

buy a Japanese shit box. 

and a house with a 2o year roof. 

and that is your fortress of solitude. 

that puts you in a position of fuck you for life. 

boss tells you to do something you dont like fuck you
Parler the bastion of free speech.

Now where will I go to talk about my pro choice views without being harassed!?
Alright there Miss Cleo
lol nope. You’re just spewing some bs from your fairy tale imagination. Learn to read a chart first you retard
Something that only goes up isn't volatile
When was his video interview about GME being scalable and early in its entrance to E-commerce? link plz. Just gave me a hard on.
Do you not see that sideways V that he drew??? What other explanation do you need??
I have blue balls waiting to see if dollar will have short squeeze
yup
You didn’t know TD fucking Ameritrade was still in business? What?
But they get their brand value from being in every home in the non chiner world thanks to the webstore
Did you not read the article breaking down Tesla home and business batteries. They are running some trials in Australia. Imagine batteries in a majority of homes.
Take your loss now lol. Stonks only go up im never gonna understand why people choose to bet against a company. Its way more easy to buy a good company especially a company that will make the world better lol. We wont see 600 a share for tsla anytime soon. There is so much buying pressure plus big stimulus is coming and earnings is coming donkey.
and how much traffic from us checking if trump said anything dumb or called the top
Sold naked like a true autist
I'd quit now and throw a small bit back in
Gr8 .. i really appreciate it.. i didn't know that piece of information.
Mood
maga is returning to dc with their second coup on the 19th. simpsons predicted the 21st was doomsday. spy 400
"downloading all the different stocks"
[deleted]
That’s more than a pennant, that’s a velociraptor 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I will take 3 trillion in stimi, 1400 dollar checks, and a large frosty please
Have you heard about IPOE yet?
This logo doesn't even go on fucking vehicles
0
Literally nothing is going to happen get off the internet
700 navy vessels all together....Damn, increasing the size of thier normal fleet and, doubling up using drone ships. That’s a lot of metal
Get rich or die trying
Congrats you bought the top
They’re only gains when they sell and everyone has said they won’t sell so far.
Won’t be a downfall but there will be a pullback. Pullbacks are inevitable and perfectly healthy I might add. IMO, Tesla will see their first red day on Monday. I think NIO day had a lot to show with their battery capabilities and that might be a negative catalyst for Tesla.
see, my NKLA YOLO wasn't retarded afterall, eh?
Subway sucks balls now
Indonesian airlines don't count. I'll gladly buy the dip on this one.
No no, I am talking something far more retarded. Like a 3/19 TSLA 450p
Wdym? self explanatory
Looks like you’re going on vacation 😆
Made $15 off my Bucs on DraftKing’s. 

I’m just rolling in it baby! Go Bucs!
I hope so.  Bought puts last week
How does this work? So they are raising money so wouldn’t that lower the share price?
Making my kids authorized users also made them responsible on my accounts if I defaulted, which I never would do. They had risk then as well as the good credit benefit. 
Could it be your parent wasn’t a good credit risk so it carried over to your credit?
Even with all those projects, I think steel will not go nuts forever. It’s a supply shortage more than a demand surge. Definitely bullish, I just think there will be higher production levels before the end of the year and the price will level out a bit. Aircraft carriers take 5 years to build, and gen 4 nuclear reactors take like 10, if everything goes right. I personally think we more likely to see smaller scale reactors that come online sooner, but I don’t know for sure.
$OLN is my sleeper play that’s killing it. Earnings report 1/28. They provide chemicals to ammunition producers. I have 5/21 $30.
Damn, only problem is if it suddenly takes off after you sell.

Also what about criss crossing the spread? It's usually $100 wide
That’s good shit
Deliver with electric mail car and semi
You don't have to pay taxes if you lose all 😅
IPOE
💎🙌
[deleted]
Wrong
GG
deconfirmation bias I needed. Thank you sir
I buy Champion fashion clothing for my company every quarter, and listen to me carefully, don’t buy Champion/Hanes stock, this is the second fashion DD I’ve had to shit on (shit on some bullshit Reebok spac last week) these people posting are either fucking retarded or scummy pumpers AVOID!!!
That 35k really going to be the push in Revenue they needed....Lol. Watch it be the straw that broke the shorts back.
>Tesla will have a revenue of several trillions,

To even get to an order of magnitude of revenue in the 'trillions', they would have to sell as many cars as Volkswagen Group (VW, Porsche, Audi), Toyota (including Lexus), and Hyundai.. combined. 

That's about Twenty million cars, or *forty times* as many cars as they made last year. 

They'd either be basically doubling the world car market, or entirely replacing a dozen other automakers, or both.
How is that
Tsla's entry level EV(cost around $20k) will be built from the Shanghai factory. Bullish on both companies.
Uh yes.
Idk man I’m just shitposting im not following PSTH at all
flair checks out
darknet
He knew 100% what he was doing and bless him for getting the truth out.
At least you know how to knife fight.
retrumplican is my new favorite meme
just sell 30 percent then spend half of the proceeds on put option leaps at a price out of the money that is unacceptable to you.
Holding MT and CMC calls ready for monday
Yes if there were no tax. With tax it's better to exercise since it won't be a taxable event until shares are sold whenever you want.
We are better off with the WSB crowd not getting hold of JD lol thats when you know the top is in
NVDA Partners with TSLA.  I think AMD had some announcement at CES on Tuesday.  That should be a mover.
Yeah royally fucked
GME short squeeze event scheduled for Monday.
longs won’t have a problem at all. It’s the retarded WSB fomo kids dumping their whole accounts into 1000 jan 22 calls.
I don’t know who this guy is but honestly if this is his niche I then honestly by all means I’m all for it.

If it boosts the stock price of GME I’ll be stoked
Puts only work these days if you GTFO ASAP
Bigger screen, see bigger losses
Dude seems legit and helps others, so sincerely fuck you
Get shares in multiples of 9 for warrants. Also get ready to eat fresh.
Free Speech™️
[deleted]
Because the gain porn on spreads arent as big so its less pp
I think he’s asking about what will the private company hold after the merger, will their share of the newly public company be 80% worth of shares? And if so, are these shares added after the merger?

I tried reading the S1 just now but I’m too stupit to understand half the mumbo-jumbo it says.
This is it. You made it dude 👏
[removed]
I wanna make 300k this year I made 100k in 2020 let’s go ark invest got 250k in arkg and arkk
How did you find a call so cheap?
Puts on BA. Rip to all those on SJ182
nah am fuck even if rich, no one would genuinely want me and my quality of life is still lower, i can prob get an arranged marriage with some desperate girl wanting to come to the US even if middle class, but that's just sad
right!  I don't look forward to weekends anymore
Can you elaborate on the other 2 companies?
No
Repost
If baba doesn't have 4% day on Monday I'll be fuked so no I don't think so
Yeah the user interface is terrible
ITS A REVOLUTION  
🤣 🤣 🤣
Where TH is the rumour source that's it's subway boi
I'm new to exercising options but when exercising the options you lose the extrinsic value of the contracts right? Wouldn't the better play be to sell the option and use the money to buy shares?
Perception is reality when it comes to politics.  We are one climate black swan type event from some sweeping changes.
I'd be in with you for sure if I wasn't rimming gme. Solid user base, great revenue pipeline and they've invested in great projects. It could easily surpass youtube even in two years given the amount of Chinese youth it has attracted already.
The only thing about this is if it considered public space the government has to regulate it because no company wants to be held responsible for what happens on their site/platform
Just ends up being a stock with a catalyst a week late. I know it sucks missing out this last week or two on the recent moons, but I’m pumped for this next two weeks.

One for GME news and the second being the inauguration shot show that is likely to hit the other stocks but not take GME down with them
150 @ $18 LFG
My problem lies with his whole facebook is evil after he spent years working to promote it. There were rumors he was out chasing women instead of being at the vc firm years ago.

He says the right stuff and his spac did jump but the real question will be how he navigates the next down market
They sold a bad plane 30 years ago. BA to zero.
I’ll love him long time if he boosts GME
This will be our week!
A new boyfriend then?
Bruh, not sure wtf is going down but some of y’all might be get drafted
I mean interactive brokers
Conservatives will come back because Parler just got blown up.

Every republican is saying we must break up big tech. Over twitter. via iPhone.
The Math checks out 🚀
so it'll sit there until I have an emergency that my 50% savings a paycheck can't cover lol
[removed]
[deleted]
Fuck yeah dude hope it prints for you!
Here is what is implied: The eventual total surveillance and censorship of all dissenters to whatever the worldview of the corporations who control communication happens to be. 1984, brave new world, Fahrenheit 451.  That kinda thing.
These calls are cheap.  Picking up some May 21 2021 $10c
Are you royalty?
and the million bots. Most conservatives are still on it. Even most faux conservative grifters like Ted Cruz are.
Oof
Sounds like you belong in r/investing.  Besides just about everyone is invested in US tech one way or another.
Tyrannosaurus rex starts with a T! Same with tesla! Still so much room to grow 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
NIO TO $70 Monday
https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ktbnq4/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/
That won’t happen. Just like the OP I’ll cut it right under the orange support. Seems likely to me to follow that red trend line if it stays above support. Pretty much textbook actionable from a technical perspective IMO.
Ah, words.
Fuck this guy’s good.
Smooooth like Malboro cigs and a 40oz Colt 45.
Chamath Palihapitiya said on a CNBC interview 2 days ago that there’s a big disruption coming that will cause Tesla to double again.
[deleted]
Damn, I thought of doing something like this a couple days ago. I wondered if it was really stupid or genius. Congrats.
All these TSLA gains making me real salty
Just get some nio/tesla calls. It’s a cheat code
[deleted]
Just thought of this but I bet there will be a GOFUNDME to cover the 1.3 B lawsuit against dominion. Damn now these patriots have to scrounge up 1.3B to prove the steal
[deleted]
sir this is a wendy’s and i’m just trying to give you the correct change
Negative
At least you’re not retarded, oh wait
I see what you did there🤣🚀
Are you saying the qualities are different?
pretty sure everyone’s bullish on the overcorrection to STOP civil war
[deleted]
You can borrow money from robinhood at 2.5%. If tsla grows more than 2.5% then you should borrow instead of sell esp cause of capital gains tax. Borrowed money isn't taxed. When you die you say own 10m in tsla and owe 5m in margin. Your heirs can inherit the shares and loans or sell and pay off the tax and the margin loans. If tesla goes tits up, well that would suck.
Yeah I never saw too much value in PLUG. I knew it was going to run up maybe around 2022 just on pure sentiment but this caught me by surprise. $15-$22 range would def be a fair value. I don't see it running too much...I wouldn't risk calls. Then again ...we have gamblers out there fomo'ing
PLTR has been trading sidewise and down since november lol. You did the right thing OP
I'm sold! Let's make that fucking money!!!
Plus NIIT & State tax (if applicable).. 50% is gone!
Fapping to gains and Cathie at the same time? My peen can only take so much abuse!
I still don’t understand why GME short sellers didn’t cover at $2, wtf were they waiting for
Might as well add FB to the list too.  Sounds like a lot of people deleting their FB too
Def not a stimmy announcement.
It’ll be just an echo chamber for the left
Buy some puts then
Also told everyone to kill themselves.  I do miss it!
I hope I can hold my load till Monday open, I have huge positions in NIO NVDA & PACB. 

LFG!!! (Let’s fuckin go)
Ok if rich.

If broke, ur fuk
You know.. i know it's serious and all but I can't help but kinda scoff a little. I was "sick" maybe 3 days over Christmas. Body ached bit of a site throat, congestion. About it. I know others aren't as fortunate and have passed.. still tho.idk
You auto quit last time I joined
i nominate the word "fundamentals"
If it's itm, it'll likely be executed. But that's not a guarantee. Nothing's stopping you from closing the position early, or rolling it into another call, though
Cool, you can see your losses on two screens now
Second civil war is actually bullish af
Get out. This is WSB.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzPzz24UN3c](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzPzz24UN3c)

even aunt cathie thinks there will be a drop this yr
His swag is unmatched.
lmao yeah I agree. only dellusional people go there. the only value nkla has is gravity lmao
I was gonna say you’re retarded (you are, don’t get me wrong) but I can’t help but think that even that is still gonna print if you sell at the right time.... meme stocks piss me the fuck off
Well, it will be.
Can someone tell this retard what the fuck I’m looking at?
I feel ya. Dip only gets bought up.
When did you buy 2016?
True. Most of my day trades are from people calling out tickers and news in this thread.
On hourly?
It is well-deserved!
Anybody else been pronouncing NIO as "ne-yo" for the last few months or is that just me?
ofc
🍸
Jesus dude, 940% WITHOUT options? Props
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mormonism
Left has trifecta, gotta cater to them. Especially if you have a monopolistic business imo
When QS announced Solid-State Battery on 12/8, the stock price rocketed 100% on Monday + Tuesday combined. 
I wonder if NIO will do the same?
[deleted]
PSTH is that you
Let us pray! I got 1k at close, and another 500 lined up for next week! Close above 100 end of feb is my goal
[removed]
ye that makes absolute sense. In any case be careful. But yeah, don't listen too much to all the noise. you have to do your own research and decide yourself. that's the only way you can be confident in your investments.
[deleted]
😖 everything tells me to buy puts...but I won’t. Not again
Virgin?
[deleted]
When you think “Subway” you think “Jared the pedophile” and for that reason I’m out
🍏🍏🍏🍏🚀🚀🚀
Got calls on that. Hell yes gonna be lambo time once it hits 40.
Going to put my full emergency fund into ARKK and ARKF...can't go tits up
Elon is God give me karma 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Have you eaten at subway in the past year? Quality is down the shitter.
what percent of store fronts in midtown are empty now? It's been a while for me
[deleted]
But everyone in tech refuses to work on it so they hire ex coal miners from Appalachia.
How much traffic will they lose from banning the conservatives ?
Yeah if it breaks 540 I'm all in
that would be a buying opportunity
Defs fuck you lol grats man
pumping it think, full electric no hybrid
imagine the political elite bailing out poor people when they are the supporters of institutional education
I buy one or two months out for the most part  and you dont get those 1000% gains that weeklies can get you usually but its also a lot harder to blow up your account to zero
im ugly, short, small dicked, and inbred
Explain
its not even halfway over lol. get your facts straight. Daily confirmed #s + daily death #s are still breaking new ATH.
Because greed.
In General, nothing is more amazing than sex, than to prove your haters wrong. Or making Cramer go hysterical on TV
Were you rich enough to have a 1080i TV in 2003 to play that game on
Did you even watch the video dude? He breaks down the pre split price 🤦🏻‍♂️
👀👀
Also 26 years old
Wait wait wait explain more pleas
When the RSI hits 90 but keeps riding  👌😩
Market cap worth 4 to 5 trillion? What the fuck are you smoking? Thats more than Google, Apple, and Amazon COMBINED. Some of the dumbest shit I’ve ever heard.
CNBC documentary
Whaat?! That's a thing?
Pretty much said without Palantir the US/World would be fucked trying to stop terror attacks...🚀🚀🚀🚀
Jeff Pesos lol
He’s all money where his mouth is, check out social capital. I literally thought the same thing the first time I heard him on CMBC. 

Also, he told a guy to fuck off on Twitter. Props.
That may be their revenue, their cloud storage and hosting is 73% of their profits. Probably less revenue than retail since the AWS is leaner and more profitable.

https://www.forbes.com/sites/petercohan/2020/01/06/how-much-of-amazons-73-billion-aws-profit-will-rivals-win/

Makes sense too, think about the man power, logistics, property, overhead, etc to run one of those massive warehouses, and then think about server hosting.
Welcome to subway, I love you
For a regular split one call becomes x. R/s Idk
Tsla
She can’t trade, she just wants people to sign up for her referral link.
Taxes upon selling!
Where was the politics
You're on.
Infrastructure bill
Im jacked to the tits in fcel calls
I just wish I knew more about buying calls.. since I know nothing lol
Because it’s gone up 25% in 5 years
They’ll probably 🌚
physics equations have all sorts of workarounds. einsteins cosmic constant was famous but many others "get the job done". newtons calculus is a math of approximations and he cheated the precession of murcurys orbit. infinities abound and cancel one another because you cant figure them.chaos indeterminates in westher and complex systems modelling, turbulences are estimated, quantum computer depend on uncetainty priciples, and the black scholes equation uses imaginsry and implied numbers, and still youre left guessing at probabilities
I have $10k I could put towards something but I don't know how to get into all this stuff and I'm too afraid to learn and try so I'll probably just let it sit in my checking account forever
Oh yeah. Man. It gets better.
I found burry
Maybe Jared just sold bill his porn collection
[deleted]
Any tickers for cults? They seem to have reliable revenue.
No sell off? Or will that be mid week?
because once the financials come out, it drops like a rock cause it’s fucking subway
No reason just saying things i want to happen
People will buy them, deep itm calls are used for diagonal credit spreads
gran turismo 3 a spec

name a better yidya. you have 30 seconds before all entries are invalidated
Chicken sandwiches
Nah fam they’re hosted on azure.
Well, for every person doing this, there are 10 people with $50 1/15 GME calls.
Tesla and nvidia have partnered for years and my model 3 has a nvidia GPU in it that handles self driving 

china aint shit, and neither are you if you're not investing in american tech
Stop overthinking. Buy shares. Go to sleep.
You sure? I swap out double As all the time.
Lmao that’s on you dog....Why would you sell covered calls on basically ANY SPAC given what most of them have done over the past 6 months...
Dude I wasn’t giving real advice😔 You messed up
Hate that this pandemic has gotten out of control like this. Infection and death rates just keep going up. It’s unfortunate.
I think your right. I dont know what "soon" is but I cashed out my Tesla gains Friday night. 2k to 10kish was good enough for me and I dont wanna be there for the coming price correction.
Lol 😂😂😂
Chamath has my respect. He ardently believes in using his wealth to pursue a better future. Noble. 

That said, his SP. A. C.s are hit or miss, he is open about investing for the long term. If you’re  in it for a quick buck, his stuff isn’t great imo. I’ve been buying them at NAV and selling before merge. Lower risk, easy returns. 50% on IP. OC.
[removed]
Are you selling 30 covered calls every week? Selling 30 call contracts at 20% OTM and 7DTE would net you $16,000 per week, $65,000 per month, or $850,000 per year at current premiums.
I'm buying calls Monday so probably
Is twitter getting slaughtered at monday opening?  - 4% after hours ....
[deleted]
Grindr
As who says? Shit is normal
So if I made 70k this year and 20k was shorterm gains im looking at at 22% tax plus state and local taxes?
Hes looking for UNICORN target and its Subway???? He aint that stupid okie pls
Massive squeeze is coming, more and more folks trying to bet against elon.. you donkeys dont understand that the people that are investing in tsla Doesnt care of what they are doing today... for sake... they are disrupting the energy market, one of the biggest market... its not gonna fall now there is so much buying pressure.. you guys are just jealous to not be part of this... you guys could have been in long time ago but donkeys always stays donkeys...
Should be good brother. I have 2/19 17.5s and 775 shares (I meant to only buy 75 shares). I’ve only seen good news coming out this weekend.
>	Well, what if it doesn’t?

Then we each gift /u/vitocorlene a steel lambo
TSLA will be at $4K a share in less than five years. HOLD HOLD HOLD. If you need some money (which I doubt) take out your initial $100K, but leave the rest.
I don't even remember OP's name.
not really. it’s actually fairly normal for months now except u can’t dine and club at 2am anymore
Per month? Try SPY 5000.
Stimulus + infrastructure bill
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jadeson123 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Cool, but the majority of people using Facebook are 30-60, not 50-60+
[removed]
I mean. I don't think itll be a problem for tesla
It’s the weekend thread, talking about the vaccine is not politics, NIO 80C
I’d fuck
wow you're right, this must be recent af then

I was desperate for this like a month ago, checked everywhere but couldn't find the ticker for the mutual fund, only the etf

but at that time, they didn't show this green check pretty sure
fucked by what
Leverage balls deep, this is the way
Hold through earnings or sell during the run-up....

A good problem to have!
He’s gonna have too. Nobody else will host his astroturf bullshit
that would be a good idea, but i went balls deep in GME @ $17.20 on friday in anticipation for ~~money~~ Monday, so I'm no cash gang. I'll def be watching this close though
Its tesla yo. It might as well be CALLED volatile
[deleted]
Open the damn market I need my high
You're a good man Charlie brown. Any idea if I can move it to different floors?
13k at 24$
Another 30% day for MARA on Monday
AWS is kicking off Parler so presumably Don Jr. or some other rtard will launch one
"I Value my money" is someone who doesn't really value money because they don't want significantly more of it.
Other hosting services exist. They can also roll their own.
We convince her to buy shares and it ends up being a life changing moment.
Only synthetics
There is a fee per share per trade.  More shares cost institutional buyers more money to control the same amount....
[deleted]
So if someone has $25c @ 6/18 for MT, do they buy another call option for august/later? Or is there a way to roll that over to august? 

And are you saying August or 2022 strike date leap plays now apply to other steel stocks like VALE as well? Still options here mostly or should one load up on shares for the long haul?
Yes.
Nahh. Not bad at all. I’m in midtown East. Just a lot of homeless and it’s kinda dead most nights on the streets
I have the money but will never have the balls to do anything like this.  Congrats and get out when you feel you need to. This bubble will pop eventually. As always, Don't get greedy.
how do OTM options work? Sorry, noob question
I thought it was a decent movie. I'll watch it next week.
How do I achieve this honor?
Anyone watching CNN?  Kate Bolduan is so fucking hot goddamn
Nio 70c weekly 😎
The day will come when your colleague walks into the office with a big grin on his face. Not tomorrow but at some point. Time your exit well, the bubble won’t last forever.
Maybe halfway at best
PERSON. WOMAN. MAN. CAMERA.....**TV!**
Fuck off to r politics why don't you? At least add a ticker.
Do not mess around with options. As WSB says: first one is free. I was a complete noob in October and my 50 premium on a OTM call turned into 1000 after Snap shot up 40% (don't quote me on this, but I definitely remember getting like 20x returns)

Needless to say I lost that and another 14k after messing around with options, basically 55% of my portfolio. I'm back up to only 30% total loss now after playing it smart, but regret doing options in the first place.

You'll need to do a ton of research into how options work, even then, I'd be wary of doing options after Tesla went up 20% for no reason just in the past week.
Winner gets a free Tesla call
I feel like every tesla share holder would be ecstatic
Plus state and local depending on where he lives...but the more your paying Uncle Sam, the more your taking home
Retest the lows, that's all i heard april until Sept. 🧸🥀
That’s just federal taxes. State taxes are in addition to that.
I might have fucked up. I sold covered calls.
I don’t think anyone here is. First time NIO’s been mentioned ever I think at least that I’ve seen. What was NIO day? Can you tell us a little about the company?
The f stands for fudge
I'll quit my job if you teach me your ways.
📉📉📉
When Biden's 2.5k/month stimulus is out, spy to 500?
just murdered my silkie... make it into stew, its pretty good
How did Nio prove this? A press release from a Chinese company isn't worth shit.
PLUG’s operations in Asia thanks to the SK jv will be 10x larger than their established market in the US🤑
^*Go* ^*to* ^*Arby’s*

^*Join* ^*the* ^*military*
Yeah that’ll do a rewatch too.
This week could be nasty.
Hell yeah man, congrats
[deleted]
There is literally no reason not to. I'd just keep on doing it if I was them. Well I guess if you want a legit company maybe not I guess
Take out $10,000 student loan

YOLO into TSLA weekly

Biden forgives $10,000 student loan with new bill

Free yolo.
I insist you pump plug power. 

If you pump it, it will come.
He is a very stable genius
Yessir! Couldn’t have done it without your support
press release
Just saw a photo of ackman shaking hands with jared 🥖
Also other subreddits seem so slow compared to this one. In here news comes out right as it happens
Subway is a food tech company like chipotle though
👀
I think 1.5b $ to EV companies
Hahahahaha hahaha.

HAHAHAHAHAHAGHA

‘To register your master, click this link’

HAHAHAHAH
I haven't tried it, but now Amzaon, Google, and Apple have all banned Parlor.   Maybe I should try it now lol.
Guys the US failed their supply goal of the vaccine. The pandemic is still very real. Stop gathering in such large groups and overburdening your hospitals you fucking assholes
So NVDA should moon Monday because of partnership with NIO.  Hopefully it breaks that $540 resistance it’s failed so many times
The character is 17
>When they drop iCoin

Apple Seeds®
Best play is if it grows to 10m+, you live off margin loans. Then you die and never paid any tax. Your heirs can figure out the rest.
Thanks
Never selling is a great way to get cucked by the market once the ridiculously overpriced bubble bursts.

Post the loss porn please.
Wish TENET was real I could experience life inversed similar to how the market inverses my positions. 😤
Cry more pussy
My thoughts on TSLA this week. Dips slightly/stays flat Monday and Tuesday. A slight rise on Wednesday. Moons on Thursday and Friday after Biden aouncces his economic plan on Thursday.
As long as 🏳️‍🌈 🐻 are here, moon mission is happening
You got your flair...nice!
I think you are underestimating how many people are basically addicted to the convenience of Amazon. I know plenty of people who talk about reducing their Amazon dependence. Do they actually do it? Not at all.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/jadeson123 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> The vast majority of Amazon's profits don't come from selling stuff to consumers, 

Where are you seeing this? Everything I’m seeing shows about half is from online store sales.
I would LMAO at the mentality of thought police cheerleaders like you, but it’s kinda pitiful the way you fall in line.
^no
You don't want it to split too much. The more shares it has, the harder it'll be to have insane movements.
“It's weird you keep separating the two like they aren't already combined. Cronos already has a deal to acquire Acreage holdings as soon as federal legalization is approved.”

That’s not correct. Canopy has the deal with Acreage, not Cronos.
[deleted]
No way PSTH ends up being fucking subway....

🌈mods perma ban me if it is.
[deleted]
Congrats!  Enjoy your freedom :)
[deleted]
Lmao best comment I've seen in a minute!
Think about how often people yolo a stock on this subreddit. 

Bound to get a few winners when a stock 10x's in a year.
Learn? I just clicked buy on robinhood and that shit went fucking 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Invest in people, fuck companies.
Buying 200 shares monday
What will happen to my CLOV call when it’s re-priced Monday. Am I fucked?
There is. Alexa
Wuss
It has a multiplying factor of 100 u dumb fuck. It cost 2.2k now
🎢
Y’all think baba is fucked?
Threw 2k at this on friday for 130 shares at 15.80. I pray you are right
man is the definition of autism, his hair and mannerism make me pretty confident in what he has to offer
When the account is 4.5m you can easily request 400k in margin to exercise.
Always trust Cathie with the mathy
Fucking now you dumb thing
Wtf is up with all this eat fresh shit 😂😂 is it confirmed??? I can walk into my local subway and fuck a ham sandwich because I own PSTH so I technically own part of the company?
Like the accession of a roller coaster
Stop with your logic! It’s a “tax right off”. Fucking capitalism fucks us all again!  For real tho, most people don’t know what a “tax bracket” or a “tax write off” are. They think it’s either a government fucking or free money.
[removed]
Smart. No taxes if you lose everything.

Uncle Sam hates this one trick!
Yeah, but four million dollars is do enjoy the rest of your life whatever you want fuck-you money. Theres a very big difference between that and 25k gains.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This sub is the only place I visit on Reddit anymore. Every other sub is full of garbage posts that are a giant waste of my time. Even though you guys are retards, you are retards who want to achieve the goal of making a lot of money.
[deleted]
A lot of people here are human garbage
Damn yeah sounds like me

Is there a cure? Or am i doomed im not cute enough to be a trap
Looking at the amount of ads on this video (work wont let me download an adblocker) I'm extremely bullish. NIO to $300 end of month
Yes that is a counter argument.
Wait he's making a cloud service?
Right
[removed]
Anyone here use covered calls like a lil bitch?
So glad I didn't buy psth
Agreed 🤝 well put.
That’s really smart, but I think you’d still be limited to the max annual contribution. So if you have 100k in a traditional, you can’t just go and put that 100k into a Roth, you’d still be subject to the normal deposit limits. So if that’s correct, it probably just makes more sense to put separate money into your Roth rather than pulling out some of the tax advantaged traditional retirement account. Let me know if I’m wrong about the deposit limit though.
[deleted]
I'm over 30 and do not use FB
When someone who can’t use the correct version of “here” is making money, the market is backwards.
If efukt still a host I’m sure they will be okay.
🍎 🐻 🍎
Amazon's like walmart, they don't give a fuck if you like them, they know you arent putting pants on to go buy a cell phone case
Read a book
even though you have great strikes that's going to be a few hundred thousand to exercise them all right?  do you sell some to pay for that or where do you get that capital from?
Is it serously that much?
Same way 🥭 knows how to avoid paying taxes because I’m smrt 😏
Short the shares then fucker lol im long as fuck 20% of my portfolio lol teslanaire for life
No, it’s not subway unless billy ackman has lost his mind 🤡
This confirmation bias is letting me get hard again. Thanks 🙏
50 $MT 6/18 35c 
ready to land on pluto
Yes
 YOU'VE NEVER SEEN THE OLD MINISERIES WITH MOLLY RINGWALD, ROB LOWE AND GARY SINISE.
Not sure if I understand this right but if large volume of shares are being redeemed ARK needs to sell underlyings to cover redemption, and ARK holdings are among the biggest winners in the market. But maybe it’s a chicken and the egg thing since heavy outflows would mean the market is tanking
The photos of him being the biggest autist in the world are what did it for me
Michael?
Lots of execs that relocate, etc.

What's psycho is that 1M is "budget" down here, there's not much inventory lol. There's lots more stuff at 1.5...2...3...and up. Fucking wild.
Not on reverse splits. Your calls become worthless.
Employee stock option programs, Employee stock purchase plan... those changes float everyday. ESPP is every 6 months, but there are new employees everyday, they get stock options and their vesting schedule is different, so float actually changes everyday.

This sub has lots of people who don't have much experience and knowledge. They sure are arrogant.
https://twitter.com/travisdevitt/status/1347671555942346752?s=20
All those guys (him, Raoul pal) sound great until they start talking about great reset....
Calls on the trump cloud hosting service for all nazis.  Shits gonna print.
With that many shares, fuck.  Cash some out and buy calls if you are that bullish.  Sell covered calls with some too OTM or far OTM.
I'm a bot. Recent empty self posts, noob questions, and spam which people were temp-banned for. Bans are 1-2 days to discourage posts that ought to be comments.

User|Post Title
:--|:--
/u/Rockisy|[RIOT DD](https://redd.it/ku6yhz)
/u/daringTrader|[Etsy stock thoughts](https://redd.it/ku72av)
/u/mannaah|[$2000 in Tesla a good idea?](https://redd.it/ku7dxu)
/u/timotatoe|[Can't lose with $TSLA](https://redd.it/ku7f4l)
/u/masterkombucha|[Reddit SPAC?](https://redd.it/ku7j2u)
/u/SummerSnow8|[NIO is giving us a hint.](https://redd.it/ku7k95)
/u/lonewolf4death|[Mr beast bought everything in one GameStop Store, Earnings might get a small but noticeable boost lmao](https://redd.it/ku7sco)
/u/thatguykeith|[This doesn’t feel like 4chan found a Bloomberg terminal.](https://redd.it/ku7t84)
/u/Tharof123|[Based on the boeing 737 crash would it be wise to do a put option on the company?](https://redd.it/ku84ak)
/u/SanderGGs|[Palantir $27C, January 21 2022](https://redd.it/ku8858)
I feel you
In the long run it won’t matter. In the short run maybe some people won’t be shot.
[deleted]
🅱️eekend 🅿️ow has spoken, 🐂 r fuk
Love it. Didn’t get in as early as you, but I’ve realized over $30k in profits going into me out. Went back in on 2200 shares and will let these ride as long as possible. Think $100 is actually possible in the next 1-2 years?
Do you still have it?
This sounds bad. If FUBO blows past 45 or 50 let's say in 6 months, your spread will not be worth max value. You're gonna have to hold it til close to expiration and hope it stays there. As opposed to a straight call.

Why not buy the leap $25 call and sell monthly OTM calls against it? That way you will still lower your premium, but less upside risk to profit. If FUBO is at $65 at expiration, you'll collect a lot more gains.
Steel hands ready for duty Monday morning sharp!
This dude is a sociopath
[Relevant](https://youtu.be/Isu_ECMW-D4)
[deleted]
Every time it splits the float grows larger, making it less volatile
The only card I didn't get rejected from was my credit unions lowest tier and I tried some absolute garbage low limit cards so idk man
didnt hear anything new and long timelines until delivery...  i feel a dump coming on but i hope i am wrong as my calls wont print :(
Tsla
Well that is how he makes the money
simple jack
My man. May you be blessed with fat tendies all year.
[deleted]
Sure... you think goog or MSFT gonna host them?  Time to buy some servers for moms basement.
[removed]
Just watched a couple interviews with Alex Karp and now im holding PLTR till the end of time. This man isnt fucking around, he's legit about his mission and PLTR's mission to keep the US/west the strongest in the world which honestly i dont agree with, but holy crap he convinced me to hold for long
[deleted]
fuck
weird how tsla keeps rising on the monthly charts with decreasing volume
Need AAPL Prediction for Monday. 
Up or down?
For me, it's just stop losses that do the work for me.
Nio doesn’t have Elon.
Bro we gonna launch trust me and put your grannys savings in this bitch
Lets keep stock prices aside for a second. 
Before NIO's event, I was expecting it to be bad for Tesla. I expected Tesla stock to drop significantly on Monday.

But after watching NIO's event, I am convinced Nio is not going to eat Tesla's lunch anytime soon.


Nio really needed to announce a competitor to Model 3 or Model Y today. They did not. 
If you break down the presentation into individual parts and think about it, a lot of it is hyped up. 

Firstly, their long-range solid-state battery is not coming out anytime soon. The battery technology is not even theirs. So they are just the first to announce tech thats coming out in 2-3 years. Tesla has insane battery manufacturing capability compared to Nio.

Most importantly, who is this ET7 for? 
While tesla's model 3 and model y are getting cheaper by the day, a Chinese car manufacturer cannot build a price competitive EV? That is insane. ET7 is way too expensive for the mass market, hell, even Model 3 is kind of expensive for mass market. At least Tesla is moving in the right direction by reducing price routinely. Basically, Nio has surrendered the low-cost EV market to Tesla for another year or two.
Tesla has no competition in the sub $50k EV market and boy are they going to sell a ton of cars in that price range.
You really think it’s Subway??
Dividends will drop the underlying stock price
[deleted]
What announcement?
Asked parler off aws
Save puts till earnings. It's like netflix and cuties.
Tesla till I die cuhz
No the PTSH shares become the shares of the new company. The shares of PTSH just become the new company as if the company made an initial public offering
they just say fund

fund as in ETF
There are too many tech heavy funds invested for it to be Subway.. there is 0 chance they invested in it with that. They all knew the target before buying in
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💦💦💦
Pulls or Cats?
I love you please continue to sell me calls.
Just my gut thought on him is that he's all talk about his wokeness.
*dont short it don’t short it don’t short it*

Awe fuck it who am I kidding I hate money
Because it dilutes existing shares so shareholders don't like it.
I think that is what parler was trying to provide
We've spent all year hating amazon and how rich besos is. 

Certainly didn't seem to stop Thier sales. People running this shit don't understand that aws powers the internet
They will just be 303 called to a different host.
Ah yes, a fellow TSLA bull gang member.
62% of accounts are short on the weekend dow

up from 61% a few hours ago

very concerned for bul
These businesses are not competing with Parler. They are not banning Parler in order to promote their own services. They are banning it because it has been judged partly responsible for organizing an event that generated a mob that got people killed and BROKE INTO THE CAPITOL BUILDING.

Who cares if Amazon pulls their hosting? There are other web hosts. They can also just host it themselves.
My parents did that for me too but when I went to apply for cards I got rejected for all of them and even got rejected for like best buy financing and shit so idk.
I don't understand why dumb shit boomers and anal-lysts have difficulty with this. Nobody cares about them fucking cars. I didn't buy Tesla shares because of cars. It's the only public access point to Musk's insanity. I want my children to go to Mars goddamnit
elon must be giggling
How are you coming to the conclusion that I don't believe in charity?
they booted parler off aws and mangofans are angry
Wtf whered you see that
Shit I gotto pay for 20k in capital gains i believe at 22%
As long as you love the packers and say fuck da bears, drink beer and eat cheese and brats you will get all the Wisconsin tang you want. 

Side note, just remember its Wisconsin tang.
You fuck,
I’m all in
G.
9 months of "it's a bubble about to burst".  At least Cramer finally realized all of his education and experience means nothing now that the monkeys have the keys to the zoo.
That brotherly love leads to a giant jerk off meetup
Chamath speaks woke/left so well. He was just on Yang’s podcast and it was a masters class in it. Not saying good or bad but I’m putting my money behind this guy during the next administration.
[removed]
You can buy 30+ where I live. Come to Michigan. We poor AF, but there’s a lot of cool shit to do and see.
Yes. Everything gets adjusted.
Something about some guy named Parler.
Buying the dip looks the exact same as catching a falling knife ;)
No, 1/22/21
Not the Max though
[removed]
Maybe. Chart looks ready to go parabolic
Why is everyone cool with tesla getting so big but freaks out about big tech?.  Tesla will literally document where you go and what goes on in the car if you let it.   I'm all for musk, but something is going to happen if nothing is done and investors are going to get crushed and it will bring down the whole economy.
Lmao well I’d tell you that you might as well donate your money to charity, but knowing why you’re buying puts tells me you don’t believe in charity.
Tesla making the 🏳️‍🌈🐻 looking like January 1st, July 5th
LEAPs Monday
If they weren't closing stores then I'd panic, they are literally the starbucks of retail gaming, multiple stores in the same location levels of retarded former management.
Your calls disappear
It means the same battery technology, the same basic understanding of physics.. but the gulf is vast between the two.
[removed]
In the same boat
I’ve been wondering this myself, with futures for steel starting to rise even into 2022, and iron ore at over 135 for all of 2021. Everybody expects supply To meet demand somewhere in spring. Well, what if it doesn’t?
[deleted]
Wont be food ya twat
Holy shit man you need to get to a doctor right now. I’m a Covid unit nurse and my threshold for what’s bad is set super high right now, and you do not sound alright.
Ah! Daily dose of confirmation from Steel Daddy himself! 

20 x 23c 1/15 $CMC
10 x 24c 3/19 $CMC
15 x 25c 4/16 $MT
10 x 19c 4/16 $VALE
15 x 27c 6/18 $MT

Do u approve?
who else is watching NIO after nio day
Anyone trying to short before $1000 is a special level of retarded  


TL;DR: mAgNeTs
Mostly just jealousy. And regret for not jumping in themselves, and also the fact that some people really sit there and do hours worth of DD and some kid just being dumb buying any tesla call is making bank
Jared 🥖 liked this post
[deleted]
Do you still money on calls if a stock splits?
> EVENTUALLY we get smacked with big dumbest correction

Crashes have been made illegal. If a crash happens, the guy in charge of pressing the UP button will be shot which is why we see V shape bounces on even the tiniest drops.
Hey, can you link this JP Morgan presentation please?
Yeah when the merge happens the ticker will change
Jesus, this thread is full of high-schoolers.
there’s gotta be some kind of rule or else why wouldn’t everyone split, especially amazon
I can’t believe anyone from out of state can casually afford a $1MM place in SoCal with all cash. I bet they’re Bay Area refugees.
Bro I live in southwest Wisconsin,  you can buy a town down here with that cash and have all your friends and family move in. Lol or go up north and buy 120 acres for 250k.
That won't happen with Obiden running the show.
Can you walk me through how they can scale that line to compete with the volume production TSLA will have on their manufacturing lines by then?   I struggle seeing even these guys put this into the market at a price point that both compels purchase and produces profit...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Subway 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yes
Guys sending a picture of your cock to a girl who you haven’t talked to in 3 months doesn’t work. Puts on my freedom
Yeah but AWS killing the site.  

Parlor 404p 01/10
But here we are in 2021, milionares are validating   decisions because... it's lucky money
Nope. If you also look at some activity from past companies, it’s not unheard of for subsequent splits within close timelines.
[deleted]
Now.
The real life pro tip is always in...your mom
there is no mutual fund for ARKK unfortunately
[deleted]
I fucked her
[deleted]
Including bald Jet Li as a trash-collector.
[deleted]
What’s up with amzn ?
He's going to buy calls

He's going for tendies

She's all alone

In her time of need

He's trading, speculating, and plotting the stocks

He's crying and trying and fighting the shorts

He's going to buy calls
Goodnight 🙌
I have been selling some puts on IPOE because SOFI is growing at 60% and is anticipating 3.7B in revenue in 2025.
So same as $830 to $1,950 in two months.
[deleted]
You know google exists right? She’s 24
LOL he misses Papa Elon
This truck runs on liberal tears and conservative drool.
[removed]
1600 25.40 going to try and get 2k before 30 stable
I wanna bust in you like the US capitol
[deleted]
Just do it. Never too late to learn
Buy TSLA at all time high, sound investment to me :)
I think that aapl antitrust shit is bs
Damn i wish I had an Inheritance... now I hire 10k hookers
Will your NGA shares convert to LEV?
Jelq
this is the way
says a 0.00000001% shareholder
Seems reasonable explanation to me.
My tech based portfolio no like tech drama 

Chill dudes and print insane amounts of cash in peace without more congressional hearings
Gay
Hindsights always 20/20
Lol
I'm rage buying Amazon and twitter puts Monday
[deleted]
bUt CeNsOrShIp
Why not sell 30 calls per week 25% otm, you will make 1.5 million per year and keep your stocks.
Not a shit post, I’ve always wanted to take up an instrument but never have.
I don’t think he even knows
Play a sport. It might be a little too late for winter sessions but you should definitely check. Recreational noncompetitive soccer, tennis, volleyball, basketball, pickleball, ice skating, anything that tickles your fancy really. Drop ins are an absolute score but you can join a league. Or have people over instead of going out.
Wait wtf. Subway..the shitty sandwich company

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA YOU RETARDS
I want whatever this guy is having
Right, where was Enron located again?
Why doesnt tesla just keep splitting? Is there some rule against it????
[removed]
Sell some.  It’s still unrealized paper gains.  Go buy your mama a new sweater.
Xbox, tinder, YouTube, pc games, Reddit, netflix, get a dog, research the following weeks plays, and jerking off after the gym
These deepfakes are getting insane.
Drop shipping, flipping, delivering, some kind of normie side gig. Or learn a money making hobby like wood carving or pen making. Clean your house, horror movie night, bake cookies to bring to the office Monday morning, call some friends and be bored with them, catch up on sleep, do one of those constructive things like learn a language or some shit.
Yeah, when u turn 16 you become one or the other.
Her calling her shot on TSLA two years ago is epic
I said this the other night, why does anyone bother shitting on someone else’s play? It really just makes it obvious you’re a 🌈 🐻 when you tell someone that they should be selling out their positions
Gme time is coming
Been watching clips on youtube of that since you commented and that shit is timeless
[removed]
Already do that sir
CRM going to 230 quick 💪🏻
It’s actually 30ish+ who still use Facebook, can verify. Wait, how old is OP?
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
You'll regret it if you switch
No DD? No company explanation or business lowdown? No nothing? Mods, I need a ban asap
Apple banning the shit app from the store isn’t antitrust. You can still access the site on the safari app. Fuck em.
You mean $ARKK?
I checked mine, they're all worthless. And I have some 90's bangers too, one of them is even a misprint. Our neighbor owned a collectible shop growing up and they always gave us rare beanies for christmas. There's lots of ebay listings for crazy prices, but when you filter by "sold" it's all bullshit $5-20 sales.
Man the dollar bounced at the bottom Friday and now everything in suspense. I mean people spend money over the weekend, make weekend DXY
I heard about these so-called non-Tesla stocks.
Call $200 2022
[removed]
So you don’t know about the middle class in China
If Amazon were smart enough to borrow some money and buy back shares in 2003, 2004, 2005, ......, 2018, 2019, it would have been great for the shareholders and for the company. Amazon is the only large company on my list that didn't buy back shares. 

Apple bought back too late. Many years ago Steve Jobs asked Buffett what to do with Apple's cash pile. Buffett said if you think your company will do well in the future, you should buy back shares. Yet Jobs never bought shares back. He would rather let the cash sit in the bank account.
Shitpost here, sports because I put bets down, read if I can find somewhere quiet or play bass

I feel like I need to do more
[deleted]
Does Biden’s announcement expected on Thursday add even more fuel to Tesla? How far otm would you buy calls?
NIO is their homegrown EV hero.  They've been longing to get into the auto space for decades.  They literally broadcast the stock chart and congratutions over communist CCTV at the end of the November rally.  Unprecented....and bullish af 🚀🚀🚀
gamble on sports
It’s really funny seeing people on my social media stoked about $10 in gains from some stocks and I’m just casually wheeling and dealing thousands of dollars a day but no one knows except for you boys
If that shit is really subway they might as well also merge with a drilling company because that’s what’s gonna happen to the stock price 🤡🤡🤡
No homo. He uses that phrase a lot, and has a massive chin.
>RLFTF

what a stock haha. A company with $129k of cash on hands has a market cap of $1 bln and it had a trading volume of 7mln yesterday. 

All-in bby
Can always sell a higher ITM option that will be exercised. If not your broker will exercise and sell the underlying.
Best part of the full video is when he says they collect 1GB of data on their customers, that’s 350 floppy discs worth!
Seems like a big L for China
Not subway. Refuse to believe that until evidence is presented. Why would SPACman want subway
bro stfu. If there were actual big dick pills, you'd take them like the rest of us.
Multi trillion dollar stimulus

Money printer gonna be fired up 

I hope each and every one of you makes atleast 100k this year and 250k this presidency

Set high goals

Use smaller wins instead of a yolo after you’re up big.

Own shares

This is THE ROARING FUCKING TWENDIES boys

We are about to to ride this whole fucking market to ATH until EVENTUALLY we get smacked with big dumbest correction

Then we’ll ride this bitch down like the fucking musicians on the Titanic with our Puts.

Then we’ll hit a fucking 180 and ride this bitch back up to the moon while snorting lines and fucking dimes

Learn how your taxes work

Gods speed
You checked beanie babies lately? Need to know how my collection is holding up
HOLY, you are an actual retard.
Do you think Bezos will somehow pump his stock up to Beat the Musk. If it rings true, bull on Amazon.
50% crash after they reveal its Subway
My broker is happy front me a few hundred k to make these into shares
check out PBW. Clean energy boom
It follows the directions of its planes
[removed]
Can you buy NIO and hold it until forever? Like I don't want to check it all the time..
what are you talking about?
Tesla will have a revenue of several trillions, and margins to make hundreds of billions in profit yearly.
"This ETF does not contain Tesla"

#Tesla for the youtube algorithm gang though
TSLA　doesn't not go down. I have been waiting for a long time now..
Sorry I am a super noob, does this mean 1/2022?
When nio sells more cars, the number of swaps also goes up. Look at the bigger picture, mate
Sell now, but hold on to the cash until Biden closes the airports and the market crashes again. Then buy hotel and other travel stocks. 

That’s my plan anyhow, with significantly less money.
Bro you get what you get and you don’t get upset.

Live with it.
I have a family...somewhere 👀
Why do people hate on others winning big on TSLA/NIO. We are all hear to make money.
What sandwich is she making?
When they drop iCoin
[deleted]
Subway? ... SANDWICHES?!
a lot of people are still but hurt over the weed bubble...  i am now butt hurt over my apha calls not printing but i am holding some weed stock.  Just saying that it might be a year or two before this pops... if not much longer depending on the competition keeping prices down.
-50% chance it’s Subway... you’ll get the $20 back before it is
Dude I shoot or fish out my food, is that fresh enough? /s
Can't wait to EAT FRESH on Monday
MCOA hit $2 with Canada legalization, imagine what it'll hit when Democrats Legalize MJ in the USA. Currently can get 20k shares for $100.
On paper it's a good deal but I would be worried bagholders would dump immediately because it's fucking Subway and no hype
Jack MIA
Industry on HBO
With enough leverage shorting has massive upside (and massive risk).
Travis and Elon should do a limited edition Tesla with a “sicko mode”.
Biden being sworn in ==  
T H E^E^V^E^N^T  
?
Yeah I’m gonna go w ICLN. It’ll work and I know it’s solid. Don’t want any doubt on this
Nope. I yolo everything into one stock at a time for maximum autism and tendies
John F Cuck
Been in this for about 2 years, manufactured their product at my last job which is how I discovered them. Stroke alone is why I'm invested, but they have a number of other advantages over competitors in the space (full proprietary ownership of their cell type, drastically higher scalability, current data suggests higher efficacy in reducing cytokine storm & inflammation.) 

Shorts have had a field day with this stock because management is 'slow & steady & by the book. ' They had their fun exploiting FUD while we wait for topline data, but that window is closing rapidly. Data expected for ARDS & stroke in 1H 2021. Company just received huge tax credits to buy a new facility in Ohio and add 400 to payroll. Major executive hires in the last 12 months have heavy experience in big pharma commercial scale supply chain management. $ speaks louder than hype, and all signs point to huge growth around the corner.
No
That was the definition of a stupid bitch.
Man I agree. But he’ll have they had a rough couple years.
[deleted]
When apple dropping that iVape yo?
You know they expire right?
Holding a gld call
"GO BEARS! where you watching the game?"
We had 4,000 ppl die from COVID in a single day this week and 372,000 since pandemic began. Job numbers have been fucking abysmal the last two reports. There was a literal insurrection at the capitol.


Meanwhile, stock market has been at ATH. So yes, stocks rly do only go up.
You just trying to hook up?
Really need something to replace going to the bars for at least one of my weekend nights. Gets kind of depressing after a while lol. 

What do yall do to pass the time on fri/sat nights? Don’t say work out/jack off, I get all that done before 7 pm daily.
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Somebody has to be the dumbass
>This is important because electric cars will be nothing but a luxury item for rich people to buy in major cities, and not something the average person will want, or even be able to use effectively, if they live in the 90% of China which isn't a major city. It would be IMPOSSIBLE to build or maintain something like Tesla's impressive super charger network in China. Too much of it is rural


Ok and yet you’re saying buy Tesla


> Basically, no one wants to own a NIO. Even if it isn't just a cheap chinese knockoff, it feels like that. 

The only thing that feels like a knockoff is this retarded post, clearly you haven’t been to China recently at all
Awwww hell naw
MT 2/5 29.5 call checking ready fir blast off
This sub just hates me because I speak the truth. I also have numerous highly downvoted comments about PLTR being done mooning. Its fun to be the devils advocate and my trading is making me money so who cares
When did we start calling autists customers
I just wanna know where jack ma is #dontforget
Fuck you 👍🏼
I see steeldaddy post I upvote
[removed]
[deleted]
That’s a negative ghost-rider.
lockup?
Act like a 10k dog? What is that supposed to mean?
Try to contain your homosexual urges. There are other subs where that is acceptable, this is not that sub.
Yeah, I know. You’re still the second guy to mention Tsla in a thread with nothing to do with them.
Tbh I think that Subway would just be right above the NAV unironically but yeah they’d probably dump hard when it’s unsexy.
me too but why doesn't the rest of the investing world see this? lol its on every commercial on tv and, for the robinhood traders, its even named Rocket! What more do they need? Its a pretty good business too with good earnings numbers.
[deleted]
ARK bought over 60 million worth on that drop so soon?
CrowdStrike is at 50 billion with half the sales. BB is at 5 billion.  We're going to 50 bucks by eoy.
There were pretty heavy outflows for the first time in a while over the Christmas holidays. I’m still long though. I think it’s just some profit taking.
It will fail, Jack is checked out, sell and buy something you believe in.
Hold me.
Bruh roll those over to after earnings
how retarded is it to go all-in on TSLA now? should I use my 100k line of credit?
That’s not how covered calls work my dood.

Edit: Nvm I just seen your next comment.
TSLA is making people rich, the American dream coming true, why is your post such a bear?!?!.
[China firing back with sanctions saying companies can sue other companies which are following US laws if they suffer losses due to compliance with such laws.](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/09/business/china-rules-trump-biden-sanctions.html)
Bought 10k shares of this back in September in my Roth IRA.
Me too, long term set and forget kind of play, in ten years AI and big data is going to be so much bigger of a deal than it is right now, and PLTR are market leaders in providing solutions to government problems.

If you're going to hold some bags, those would be the bags to hold.

I might roll my GME into PLTR at the middle of the year for this reason, I don't have big money in this play, it's money that I could live without thinking about which makes so much sense.
I’m not worried about 12 days, I could handle that. As long as I have Monday to work shit out
Amen brother 🚀🚀🚀
Yeah, but do it in a semi indifferent way, and always keep at 2 min before you reply minimum.
No means yes.
eeeeeeeyyyyyyy
😂❤️
The entire point for me is to make money. Memes and everything else comes secondary haha
Guys! Get in here! Steel Daddy is giving us some weekend confirmation bias! Can't wait to yeet my whole portfolio into steel this Monday. See y'all in the Bahamas or the line at the soup kitchen.
Oh yea u r right my b
Big facts
If you think big money is buying puts you are retarded. They write the contacts.
WSB, I NEED YOUR HELP! I FOUND THE 🌈 OVERLORD 🐻 ON REDDIT. HES SAYING TESLA OVER VALUED. UPVOTE MY COMMENT BEFORE THIS.

PS:HIS 🌈 Short post is on the front page!!!

EDIT: Spelling.
What percentage of your portfolio was this position originally? Need to know how big of a YOLO so I can determine how impressed I should be
Won't be it. The heirs only have control on tbe promise that they don't sell.


https://www.insider.com/chick-fil-a-ceo-promised-closed-sunday-keep-company-private-2019-8
Tell her you make 1 mill of tesla calls
Send her a picture of your cock
NKLA
im in the same situation lol
I'm worried shit is about to hit the fan in the next 12 days...

Stonks only go up rite?
some of their planes have gone down so id say 50/50
just in time for shamrock shakes by the time it is distributed
Let's say there's a 80% chance it goes above 1000. A 15% chance it goes to 500. And a 5% chance it goes to 36 again and you end up with just a fun story.

Where is your least regret. Hop off.
dick pic....wcgw
You are fucking retarded.
Couldn’t be me
How do I start a petition for PRNT to have options
Dic pic
For me, just buy and hold shares. It's a long game.
[removed]
For like a second, then nearly 20% down. The stimmy will subconsciously show that the economy is not strong enough and we had to hand out tendies. People will be handing all that over to the landlords and energy companies so the "stimulating" effect will be minimal. Like a hooker singing to your dick.
Never... (unless Elon hops off first)
Tesla stock will drop sooner or later since they cannot possibly make the revenue to justify the current price. Tesla isn’t gonna be the only manufacturer equipping the world with electric cars. Bubbles don’t last forever. It might still grow for a while but the time will come. If you have Tesla shares you just have to time your exit right. The NIO train isn’t gonna wait for you any longer though, sorry.
LEAPS on:

IPOE
ABNB
PINS
I’m hard, I’ll up my MT position
True, money talks. Plus, I wasn't being serious. Was more pointing to the fact that they're printing our buying power away. Something like 20% of the money supply was created this year and now cash is trash so toss it all into the market.

PLTR to the moon along with just about every other stock.
"stocks go up until they don't" - a true noob statement and one of those most complex and profound observations made in the history of the noob civilization LOL
Princess Ashleia doesn't want a blender for her wedding
😢
I'm going to be so upset if it dumps :(
Lol are you even reading this stuff?
I haven’t talked to this girl in 3 months. How should I hit her back up?
so stocks will go down
Yes
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Lil Wayne - Mama Mia (Offici](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZMhpuOcGBU) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZMhpuOcGBU)⠀►►⠀ 2:38 / 3:58 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
It’s definitely going to enter me
Right. Thats not the issue though.  The issue is taking out money penalty free from the taxable account in 2020. And then redepositing it at any time before 4/15/21 into the tax free account.
Tf you talking about. If you buy a put you're bearish. You buy the security when it drops and sell it for the strike technically speaking.
Papa it's me
You can make good money on itm arkk calls when tsla moves too..
i’m gonna yolo psth and just assume it’s chik fil a
It's still 2020 in china
If $ is being devalued ppl will buy real estate and invest. When interest rates go up it'll pop. Ride the wave. Always a bull market
Lol just a joke bro.
That was a fake out. This is the real dip. Hope you bought in.
Gas
>It's the Chinese Youtube/Twitch

This makes sense. If there's one thing China loves, it's unmoderated user-based content creation. Can't go tits-up.
Mastering the Trade by John F Carter
[deleted]
What do we really think we happen with Sarepta? It has to come back up, but when?
Timing that right would be insta ten-bagger.
SpaceX is a totally different company. Remember, like you said, it’s a car company. 

I’m not hating, make money where money is. But this is a dumb question any reasonable person knows it’s overvalued. Hopefully you won’t be the last retard standing in this magnificent game of musical chairs.
Alexa play mama Mia by lil Wayne
Yep
The whale.
Yes, having the cash in your account.
what you read is true
By $SPY puts, premiums are better, and $TSLA will drag it down, but you have others that can do that as well. I have 20 1/13 378p.
just don't be too 🌈 until pride month
Been rolling SNE since November.  It’s just starting to have movement that matters.
Haha some people really tryna drag tho and I’m just like yo, I already know I’m a moron save your breath
Otm is 100% extrinsic
500 years
Too many viewers kept taking it down, which would take down the bot that shares the same DB. Not sure what to do about it.
You betting against Cathie?
Tendies fuckers🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Pull out a million, put it in something low risk. Get yourself set for life regardless of where it goes.
US reduced carbon emissions the most of any country over the last 4 years. the last 4 was certainly better than the previous 8. you let emotions cloud your judgment
Subway would probably cause a short term dump due to lack of hype but long term growth due to killer financials. I just need the fast money right now so I hope we get something that blows expectations
damn, that's not even options
Short the US dollar when the 2.5k/month stimulus is announced? Apparently to last to 2025.
$4000 and $500 are both valid scenarios, FSD is the key. $4k has a higher chance than 500. If $4k is not reached in 2023, it probably will be reached a few years later. The easiest approach is buy and hold, get ready to buy more if there is a deep pullback.
is this book written by "Giant Vagina" ?
Facts don't matter, as long as Tesla pops everything EV goes W it
What would you recommend for calls on MT?
Yeah? Tell me more about how them all banning Parler is anti-competitive. You can still open your browser and go there.
Are you sure it says that? 

What’s the name of the book?
Will Boeing go up?
You bought puts. I'll pray for you but I don't think you're getting tendies
You're forked 100%
Everyone’s saying to hop off, I say let it ride. Just start selling deep otm covered calls to make up for when it drops a little, but you’ve gone this far, a 50% drop still makes you a millionaire so you’re fine holding
Does it actually roll out every year? Does it cover for gains for the future?
i keep few etfs
The lady with the tie?
Ass Drilling Technologies. It’s a shitty play
Indeed: We notified this financial specialist firm that you are a good fit!

Me: *Only financial experience is WSB and have no educated back ground in finance, telling customers to stop being boomers and buy TSLA calls.*

A match made in heaven, yeah?
Left or right?
imagine being a bear rn
Im going to do the Gay Bear Challenge next week and try to make money solely from puts.
How? The ITM TSLA 850c 1/15 costs 5490$ while OTM TSLA 900c 1/15 costs $3035
every stock goes up (unless you're really retarded)

just depends on how fast each stock goes up

pltr goes up 5% but what about other stocks that go up 15%?
One does not have to be altruistic to be a philanthropist. Giving is giving, regardless of the motive.
He did not
Yikes
Because Ackman has a great PR team and Roping retards into it is hilarious when the merger turns into EaT FReSh.
The memes will last for years.
🚀 🥖 🚀
10% down on Monday could be a buying opportunity.
right now the OP could sell 30 1/15's $1000C and collect $30k in premium, madness. madness I tell ya!
You good, i understand the risk and loss are mine completey. Im mostly common stock gang rather than yolo options degenerate but im up a lil on both those two. Hoping to yolo on psth shares monday. Prpl i never got back in 😂
Eh well that does suck lol but still a million dollars. Congrats man and go fuck yourself
You ever told your wife’s boyfriend that you won’t accept being pegged by him anymore?
Money printer go bbrrr
[deleted]
The book I'm reading says only buy itm call options and only buy options with a delta of .7 or higher 🤔
Anybody down to invest in a methadone clinic? 
Drug addicts are literally unlimited trendies......
Uuhhh..... noooooooo... why the fuck would that be?
puts for sure if it happens, heard the generals are spreading the word "do not obey" if he issues some insane cmd
is it announcing target or what?
Lots of chinese and russians with cash yeah. Also investment LLC's and people who moved here from out of state for a big tech or finance job and are buying  a place to settle down
Parlor
I heard it dried up, I also heard vix above 60 by April though...
That 🚀 is coming in for a re entry 🤡
Without a large portfolio of real estate, you don't get any economy of scale. 

Believe me, I know because I have owned four properties at once. A property management company takes almost 10% of each one.
Michael can eat a bag of dicks.
if all you idiots just agree that discarded whopper wrappers are worth a billionty dollars instead of throwing them away we'd all be kings by now
[deleted]
First one's freeeeeee
Dr Burry says short. 
Lord Elon is building 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀going to the 🌙 

I dunno who to listen to. 

I just want tendies.
If he was to shut down the internet and become China I’d laugh.
They no like to eat fresh
got a raytheon guy in the cabinet
So apparently [this is the character Beth Harmon is based off of](https://static.independent.co.uk/2020/11/30/14/GettyImages-3376849.jpg?width=990). 

That's a yikes.
Stupid answer to a stupid question
He announced he’s going to announce it so the run up should be Monday.
stuff just doesnt go viral, least of all killing jews. your example is silly. there will be nutjobs and trolls on every platform, including twitter

i have been having a lot of fun proposing thinly disguised Stasi policies on twitter lately and getting a bunch of upvotes
Definitely one of the best videos I’ve seen in a while. ARKG to the moon 

https://youtu.be/2dIHDOA8rRA
CCP needs a new front runners since BABA is out 

NIO 🚀🚀🚀
Student loan forgiveness is not happening...

Sorry comrade, they lied to you
No rockets = no read. 

Also most people scroll to the bottom expecting to see $1500c 1/15
I doubt they pass it but hey maybe they will. Just sucks for me because I already paid everything off from working 3 jobs and being miserable, (granted my school was only 7k a semester)
SRPT yikes, what's gonna happen?
SPY? QQQ?
hopppppium
Just watch this 

https://youtu.be/2dIHDOA8rRA
40%!
>Well if OP had actually read

Found the problem.
Boring but true.
Mcdoubles for the gang on me
Spy 400 when Biden announce stimy ?
Nobody really knows and it’ll be a mystery until a couple weeks after they merge with Stripe
I’m honestly shocked that a company with the ticker RKT 🚀 is not performing well. In a perverse way it makes me think TSLA valuation is real
Sadge
Yeah that would require A LOT of capital.
City of brotherly love sounds hella 🌈, puts on Philadelphia
[deleted]
yep crm will fly again
Think they'll relist?
[removed]
At least you’ve learned to ask for permission.

And the answer is no, you can’t.
How does one get fucked by dividends
We eat these crayons for breakfast. Nom nom....
Yeah

We might even give you a couple hours of red futures

After that you go back in jail
Don't forget Chamat's comments.  It could easily double or triple from here.
Why do you say that? They were already incompetent shorting GameStop leading into the most profitable console cycle in history. There’s nothing they can do at this point except cover. It’s a game of chicken. That’s how it works bruv. GameStop isn’t going bankrupt.
Please don’t say that.

Sold my calls last Monday to buy SPY puts
when'd you buy gnog? sold dec 31 because my calls were basically down 99%; was expecting better lol
Fuck you, you beautiful autistic fuck!!!
Yes
*federal loans
Shut up pussy
I’ve got some 105s for April that I think will pay well
Don’t waste your time with fundamentals in here. It’s a deaf audience.
There will probably be a limitation, like a minimum of 90 day old loans so people don't do just take advantage
Day 1: Deposit $300. Invest in Partial Stock of Tesla. 

Day 49: Deposit another $102.5k
WHY THE FUCK is everyone still speculating Stripe under PSTH acquisition when the CEO has already explicitly said it's not happening
no lol
Who are the buyers? Are they from China?
ya how do you do this, should at least get 10k udacity credits or something.  try to learn something
Love that. I’m all about financial independence and maxing all tax advantaged accounts. We have a couple rentals and want to add a few more before we hit 40 for long term plays. 

My grandpa retired around 52 on rentals and misc entrepreneurship side hustles, but mainly rentals. Repairs gave him something to do in ‘retirement’, golf and gardening kept him busy the rest of the time.
What do you guys think is the best green ETF between ICLN, TAN, PBW, and QCLN? Any others?
With Biden in power, any military stocks worth buying into? How can we profit off of more dead brown people?
It gets forwarded to the pussy crusher police?
He’s active on social media these days. Kind of weird. I always think “don’t you owe like $100m?”
Ban
That has to do with whether the company has anything worth doing with their cash reserves. If they don't, they buy back shares. If they do, they do that. That's why Apple is buying back shares at a record pace, and Amazon hasn't bought back one share.
Trading view
Honestly, a 100k on Tesla, even if you "believe" in the company is a massive position.
Yes
Did you just say buy $DEN? 🤔

Son of a bitch I’m all in.
Futures are usually the 🌈🐻 time but I’ll allow it
I would hit that
💥
It seems pretty antitrusty for tech to blacklist Parler, but who am I kidding nothing will ever happen to FAANG.
You got a link?
[deleted]
This explains it perfectly. Thank you.
I don’t understand how it’s going to suck. Just put aside the 20 or so percent?
I’m literally all in on Tesla 1/22 calls so there’s no point rn
Puts are bullish. Shorts are bearish. 

Puts, you expect the underlying to rise above. 

Shorts sell a bunch of shares to flood the market deflating the price. Buy back much cheaper. Good if you think the underlying is over valued. 

Take TSLA as an example. You can sell puts and make a killing (bullish) Buy puts and take a bath (bearish) or sell short and go bankrupt (retarded).
the housing market in socal is *insane*. I'm using my license to help my mom buy a new place and literally within 2-3 days of listing a $1M+ spot will get like 5 offers and sell instantly. Usually all cash too.  

We're in a MAJOR asset bubble/bull market. Stocks, crapcoins, real estate, pokemon cards, PS5's, basically anything that isn't cash because interest rates are below inflation. And mortgages are cheaper than ever.
What matters is your delta and gamma. That will be highest near or at the money
ur a bottom
My 1998 Chevy Silverado just got a blown head-gasket. Should I buy Puts on GM??
Stop losses allow you to reposition though. Get stopped out, wait for the drop to stop, buy back in at cheaper than you sold.
No need to worry man Cathie is queen
Tell that to the 99% of people who lost money by never selling and don’t hit the front page.
holy crap they are still alive.  someone knew something +7 on friday ugh
Squeeze those muthas! I bought way too many calls at the ath on fri.
We can be assholes to each other but for the most part I feel like its all brotherly love
Fuck u bitch
>RLFTF

did't ARKG buy their stock after Friday's drop?
[deleted]
Well time being able to be manipulated by gravity proves that it is it’s own sort of interaction. With that, is means time can be manipulated at extreme measures and since gravity can manipulate it there is no reason that humans can’t with evolution
Squeeze those muthas! I bought way too many calls at the ath on fri
It’s called terms of service plus they did him a favor so he can start his own network which is what he always wanted anyway. The free speech argument is bogus
Its the weekend, is this 🌈 🐻 allowed to come out now?
Yup
[deleted]
:) going to make me a rich brave brave soul
Lol
Ark buying 900k in shares tells me it’s pretty close to bottom
Fuck the water boy dude is trash
ITM has less premium by definition
New stimulus to be announced is definitely not priced in. SPY 420 in March-April will be a glorious day
This post has been flagged for the following 

1.Hate speech against the Chinese.
2. Inciting violence against hippies.
3. Suggesting that Donald Trump made a valid claim.
That’s what I was thinking do we have to be enrolled lol?
Also on thousands of paper handed bitches not being paper handed bitches
[deleted]
IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING
Think of all the Travis Scott Meals™ you could buy
I'm having my wife take one. I'm not going to bank on it being forgiven though
You either buy the top or live long enough for it to become the bottom
[removed]
Zoom is gonna boom.
I like Cresco but good luck to all
Sell and use that $5k to make it back. It’s more than possible.
Have you made money on PSTH or Purple since? Sorry you lost.
Bio companies trading in the low dollars honestly make me very nervous and I can’t put serious money on it. Everyone on the yahoo forum is saying it’s in bad shape.
If ARKK dropped the whole market would crash, SPY 218 or lower
srpt
Please do lol
That little bitch hop makes fun of white people
1) congrats on the gains.

2) fuck you for this post making it to the front page of r/all and now all these average retards will be FOMOing into our sub with "hOw Do I YoLo" posts...
It does not change every day. It changes only in the case of stock buybacks, stock issuance, stock splits, reverse splits, or M&A activity.  All of which are considered to be major events, necessitating early announcement so market participants can plan appropriately, you innumerate baboon.  

I expect a certain level of retardation from this sub but this is absurd.
Not CRM homie. 215 and 220 support
Silver, like gold, is a store of value. It is also a inflation hedge and a commodity used in industry. Look at steel gang DD for why this is a bad Idea, THEN add the store of value on top of that. If you want to make this play wait till the vaccines are prevalent, the economy is fully reopened and futures are starting to trend down for an extended period of time. Which is probably a Year away. looking at 2008 and how silver reacted is were I’d start my DD
NIO just announced they will use NVIDIA DRIVE!  DRIVE uses BlackBerry's QNX!  Add NIO to the list of EVs BB is on!  BB gonna get me tendies.....dead money for 10 years just like AMD was.  Time to finally moon.
Facts
Same reason people trade with stocks instead of options. You don’t have exposure to theta. So you can be wrong longer.
So if Biden's going to offer $10k in student loan forgiveness, should I just take one out right now?
Genomics are the next generation. And now that Dems are in office they can get additional funding and advance even further
Welcome to wall street bets casino and gambling, how would you like your pump served?
Well rights are a made up thing and money is really what matters, at least in my opinion. But this is getting too political now, PLTR 420.69c 1/15 🚀🚀🚀
I dont understand... all I found was an article about treatment for diarrhea.  Is PeptoBismol and JagX coming together to create a new preparation H formula?
[deleted]
Just risk 5 % on option if you want higher return and still keep your stocks profile in the long term horizon
can you link me a LMGIFY?
What about penis gains? Im looking to add
imma pretend this isn't stupid as hell and just point out that like it or not pg humor and content is infinitely more marketable and easy to monetize than the n-word or domestic violence so buy calls
I've never bought an itm call in my life lmao
WhERe iS ThE LiQuidity!?!?
Funny thing is, TSLA price probably only went this high because of bears shorting. Elon is almost a cult, so institutional buyers, long term shareholders, and even new ones refuse to sell, which creates a very small float share and a perpetual squeeze.
I know the long term plan, it doesn't mean it doesn't suck to see everything mooning and GME dipping. 

I'm a student also homie, I can only make so much $ and still be a good student.
yeah 9 Tri stimmy. 10k checks for everyone
I’m almost there but man lookin at these 2 mil plus posts is a bit discouraging. Road to 25 mil still got my eye on the prize tho lol

I dropped about 13k on pacb on Friday right after the halt and got rekt 😫
If ARK for some reason starts seeing heavy outflows, that would take the rest of the market down with it, wouldn’t it?
Gay
Ayyy that’s me
Steel daddy aka Vito has a PT of 50 to 100 if you're super bullish from previous DDs off the top of my head
My thoughts. If there’s isn’t a sell off $135-$140 pre earnings. May get $145 if something wild happens one day.

But I’m afraid Tesla is at the brink and if there is a pullback it may be pinned under $130 until earnings.

Depending on earnings maybe a $10 pump off those two numbers. Maybe a pull back, but then all systems go as 2021 moves forward and China tensions ease?
