Hope Palantir goes up to 40 quickly. We have a guy that has to post a self-suck video, one that has to leave his girlfriend and one that has to eat his shit.
PLTR to sea level!!
By the time my car actually gets warm im already 90% of the way to work. Honda puts.
Who else just wants to break even
If PLTR hits $40 EOY i will post a self-suck video
Where are my PLTR soldiers at? 
Good morning to everyone except bears. Fuck you bears
Yo Burry deleted his Tesla short tweet 

TSLA 650 EOD
Everyone loaded to the titts in GME today?
Tuscan gang how we feel this morning
PLTR doing 20% today
I bet Micheal Burry is playing his drums right now
#Alright whos that big daddy that just bought 1m shares of $PLTR @ $23.75


5:55:33 + 5:55:49
PLTR is going to make me go from -90% to -80% today 
We have a paper trading challenge in college and the system allows you to buy stocks in premarket at yesterdays close price...
Daily reminder that I hate RKT
So Palantir not going back to $15 huh
Glad I found this subreddit during lockdown. For some reason it makes the daily existential crisis manageable.
Im about to yolo 15k on PLTR 12/4 29c because in the words of Mike Tyson, Thath juth who I am.
#STIMULUS BILLS, STIMULUS BILLS, IM A LITTLE LAD WHO LOVES STIMULUS *BIIIILLLLSSS*
Whoever bought $23m worth of PLTR at $23.75 must know something or is ballsy as fuck.

Either way 
PLTR VACCINE 99.9% EFFICACY
Im glad that PLTR return to normal organic 10% daily growth
Tesla: 

S&P 500 News: 

Tesla: 

S&P 500 News II: 

Tesla: 

JPM: heRe'S a nEw pRiCE taRgEt

Tesla: 

edit: GS, not JPM, im retarded
If you are going to buy meme stocks, you better know when to sell
look, i'm not trying to scare anyone, but build a bear is up 14% in premarket
What a day.. up $8.54... might go buy myself a McGriddle or two
PLTR do the uppy thing
Holy shit anybody see that 500k shares at 23.75 just bought for $PLTR
Imagine being married at the age of fucking 22 years old????!!!!!! 
WSB: "TSLA is a dead stonk."

TSLA: "Hold my fuckin beer."
Aye morning.  French press and eggs.
this chat room is almost like a wishing well for a lot of people, they just say stupid shit they hope happens but has no basis in reality
Holy fuck these cunts are really asleep and this thread is dead. WAKE UP YOU FAT FUCKS
Spac holders rise up
Of course when I switch to puts on PLTR..........fuck
* **Initial Jobless Claims**
   * 775k - Previous
   * 778k - Forecast
   * 712k - Actual
Who here ignores the rest of Reddit and only fks w wsb?
Is TSLA about to fucking rage?
PLTR had a successful first stage separation and second stage engine has ignited. 

Next stop. Lunar orbit. 

And some dude eating his shit.
Gay ass Bears downvoting PLTR on the comeback. Stay salty.
This may be the most important speech I ever make: 

Buy TSLA
Papa Elon take me to tendie town
All I want for Christmas is $25 GME
I asked my therapist why I bought PLTR $40c 12/11 and she gave me a refund
Tesla is gonna POP  at open
Wake n bake, checking tickers while reading retarded comments on here... good way to start the day.
Any  news yet felllas?
Bear King Michael Burry in the ring, slappin TSLA with a metal chair. His glass eye open wide with rage as he batters TSLA relentlessly.

"The valuation..." *crunch* "makes...." *crunch* "NO.... " *crunch* "SENSE!" he roars with maniacal autistic glee.

TSLA struggles for the edge of the ring, but coughs blood as each hit lands, and eventually stops moving. Bear King Burry drops the chair.

*Bear King Burry turns to the crowd*

"Was this your champion!? Was TSLA supposed to be your *chosen one!?*"

*A child in the crowd turns his face into his mother's side and cries.*

On the side of the ring WSB can barely move. TSLA was supposed to tag them in, but couldn't make it to the side in time.

"Get up TSLA" WSB whimpers hopelessly, a single tear rolling down their cheek. "Get up..."

*Bear King Burry turns to WSB*

"Now it is your portfolio's turn. Get in here you little bitch."

"Excuse me." Someone replies from behind BKB. "I believe I can give you the fight you want."

A robed figure is administering smelling salts to TSLA. The figure puts TSLA on its shoulder and carries TSLA gently out of the ring.

"And just who the fuck do you think you are?" BKB rumbles ominously. 

BKB's fingers squeeze so tightly on the chair that metal bends.

"Who am I?" the robed figure inquires.

*The robed figure stands straight and stretches to their full height. They must be at least 7' tall.*

The crowd stops crying and watches in stunned silence.

"Who am I?" The figure repeats menacingly.

*The figure turns around to face BKB, ripping off his robe. A gleaming light fills the stadium. Before us stands a Golden deity, rippling with muscle. If there is an ounce of body fat it is currently in hiding, only to make way for seemingly endless coiled golden musculature.*

The figure looks directly into Bear King Burry's eyes.

"I'm Goldman Sachs, and i'm here to kill you."
I can see the headline next week


 BURRY GETS SQUEEZED
Do you think amazon tribal people know that their forest is named after a website?
Fuck this shit Im going to Chick Fila
Short term life is comedy

Long term life is a tragedy
citron: PLTR is a stock pumped by retards

WSB: We prefer the term *casino*
PLTR!!!
**Please allow kids to believe in Santa, you believe in GME squeeze and no one is ruining it for you**
Sector rotation into meme stocks
  \_  TAKE MY MONEY GME   \_ 
PLTR > NIO

and its not even close
Rise PLTR, rise my little green friend
How many others here awkward as fuck and can barely hold a conversation with those you see every day for more than five minutes? But stare at charts and read about stocks for hours and hours


I didn't choose the autist life, the autist life chose me
PLTR puts bought yesterday are fuk
This thread moving so slow that everybody is going to see that I go to furry conventions
AMZN going to the moon today 
**Intercom**: TSLA to the launchpad, I repeat TSLA please report to the launchpad.
My girl just asked me how is your Tesla stuff? This shit is contagious
Anyone elses circadian rhythms wake them up at exactly 4am everyday to check premarket. Feels like a curse
Lol bear r fuk once again
Greedy fucks at Goldman got impatient with their March calls. 

Said fuck it **TSLA $800 Now!**
I'm gonna personally downgrade NKLA's 'strong sell' to 'GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE' with a price target of 'delisted'.
LONGEST 30 MINUTES OF EVERY MORNING
PLTR cmon only 6 more dollars to break even!
Boys if palantir ends above 24 this is a great day
PLTR you make me feel like a natural woman
Degenerate gambling is a more honorable profession than hoarding new GPUs & Game Consoles.
# [12/3 Possibilities and Plays: PLTR, AMD, TSLA, NIO, SPY, and GME or WSB will be in Heaven.](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5uynp/123_possibilities_and_plays_pltr_amd_tsla_nio_spy/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

\*\*ULTRA EASY MODE ENGAGED JUST FOR WSB DEGENS\*\*
HEY PLTR IS GOING UP !!

CAN U TAKE ME HIGHER!!!
Why are you guys jerking PLTR off again. Im still down 90%
PLTR stop it go back up
Goldman Sachs really fucked this retard Michael burry
Oh man. Is today the day PLTR finally recovers at full blast?
Where is that guy whose boss interrupted him when he was about to buy TSLA puts yesterday before close?  Needs to buy him lunch today.
PLTR is going back up, I know this because if it was going down you'd all be posting about buying calls
BATTLESTATIONS LADS
Yess back to 90% of posts being about PLTR
Sold my PLTR calls. +5k for the day

Also: Fuck you PLTR bears. Literally dumb dumb ty for gains
We out here 
PLTR stimulus talks going well
I have the uncanny ability to turn $500 into $36 almost weekly
#PLTR GIVING THE MIDDLE FINGER TO MORGAN STANLEY 
PLTR top candidate for Germany contract.

$250+
Meme stocks are great to invest in if you get in early enough and get out in time with tendies. The problem with this sub is people get in way too late or diamond hands themselves into oblivion. People see $1,000 turned into $50,000 and think they should hold past a 100% return like that's a sustainable long term thing.
Tesla gang or dont bang
Young man, there's a new IPO

I said, young man, if you're short on your dough

Its going public, and I'm sure you will find

Many ways to make a good dime

[Chorus]

It's fun to play at G.N.O.G / L.C.A 

It's fun to play at G.N.O.G / L.C.A 

https://youtu.be/CS9OO0S5w2k
Paper handed my TSLA calls at 100% gain yesterday....fml
Wait, Its just a casino?

Always has been                
just got off of a ban for saying a mean word. I had to sit through multiple days of my PLTR collapse without being able to bitch about it on here.
Jobless claims 712k vs projected 755k
Jobless claims 712k vs 775k forecast.
If Palantir do the gap up green dildo, imma eat sushi today
Somebody looked at Palantir down 30% on the week after 3 consecutive red days and said Im not going to buy this obvious dip, lets get puts

And it wasnt me
Big stim news coming out today. The bipartisan $908 Billion is almost guaranteed to pass. 20 B is for airlines.
Make meme stocks great again!
STONKS Go up or down (mostly up) but my god PLTR is either going to DUMP at open and people will say, "mOsT ObVIoUs BuL TraP EvAr"  or its going to rip and you will see " PlTr i NVar DoUbtD U Bb"   Either way... someone is fuk.
PLTR lets GOOOOOO
[deleted]
The die McConnell dies is the day the market goes green forever
**Events in the US Today (ET):**

* DAY - Wear a mask & socially distance <3
* 7:30am - Challenger Job Cuts (Nov) \[1/3 Volatility\]
* 8:30am - Initial Jobless Claims \[3/3 Volatility\]
* 9:00am - ISM Non-Manuf. Business Activity \[1/3 Volatility\]
* 9:45am - Markit Composite & Services PMIs \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 10:00am - ISM Non-Manuf. PMI (Nov) \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * ISM Non-Manuf. Employment (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
   * The House & Senate meet for general session
* 11:30am - 4&8 Week Bill Auctions \[1/3 Volatility\]
* Speaker Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Schumer backed the $908 billion proposal rolled out by more than a dozen Senate and House members on Tuesday.
   * Any bill passed before the end of the 116th Congress is expected to be attached to the must-pass spending bill to fund the government. The deadline for a new funding deal is Dec. 11. 
* Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell told the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday that its very important for Congress to provide more COVID-19 relief funds without delay.
* City of Los Angeles issues stay-at-home rules that mirror county order.
* Moderna plans to begin testing its coronavirus vaccine in children.
* VPOTUS will be in Memphis, Tenn., this afternoon to lead a roundtable discussion about COVID-19 vaccine distribution.

**Events in the World Today (ET):**

* 3:15am - Spain Services PMI (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:45am - Italy Services PMI (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:50am - France Services PMI (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:55am - Germany Services PMI (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 4:00am - Euro Zone Services & Markit Composite PMIs \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 4:30am - UK Composite & Services PMIs (Nov) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 5:00am - Euro Zone Retail Sales (MoM-Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 7:00am - Brazil GDP (YoY&QoQ-Q3) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 7:30pm - Australia Retail Sales (MoM-Oct) \[3/3 Volatility\]
* Sterling recouped Wednesdays drop as traders took in stride Frances threat to veto a Brexit deal. And the dollar added to its slump this week that has sent the euro, Australian dollar and the Korean won to their highest levels versus the greenback in more than two years, and the Swiss franc to its strongest since 2015.
* Oil prices weakened slightly Thursday, with the focus remaining on whether leading producers will extend record production cuts set in place to balance out the severe hit to demand from the pandemic.

**Earnings Before Open:**

* Dollar General, Kroger, Michael's, TD, Duluth, Signet, Express, Cracker Barrel, Methode

**Earnings After Close:**

* DocuSign, Marvell, Cloudera, Smith & Wesson, ULTA, Zuora, Ollie's, Domo, PagerDuty, SAIC

[Earnings This Week](https://i.imgur.com/ShSvr9G.png)
I like when people actually give solid info and tips on here, only problem is you have to sift thought 1000s of people shilling their shit ticker that they're upside down on.
Elon Musk announces she is transitioning and will now be called Ellen Musk. TSLA to 690
Only one rule of this crazy lawless stock market these days and thats DONT FUCKING SHORT TSLA.
michael burry twitter posts kinda cringe tbh
doing my  dance in my big  shoes because I'm going to make some big  moves
If youre not filtering by top all-time when you find a new subreddit then idk what to tell you
tbh i'm pretty jacked to the tits
Timothy Apple, take us to the promised land

$125 by lunch $128 EOD
waiting for the market to open feels like the Normandy landing scene from saving private Ryan
PLTR IS THE MOVE 
PLTR rising on news that it went back in time and killed Hitler
WSBs right now after seeing PLTR +11%.. Imma go all in calls now
PLTR AINT KODAK I AINT SCARED THESE PEOPLE DO REAL SHIT WITH THE GOV
PLTR is up 8.5% on the day and yall are saying its dead  lot of you mustve not been here in March
I hate when you idiots say something is dumping or "flash crash"ing so I go and check and it's down 0.014%
Market looking strong right now. If we can pump up our Covid death toll numbers a bit more we should see SPY 400 soon
Its crazy to see how many stonks are smashing through green days but the majority of Americans are going bankrupt, losing jobs, and going out of business.
$CRM    
G'morning (TSLA) gang.
Imagine being a legacy auto manufacturer and reading Elon high  make a PSA to merge with the hive or become extinct, but then simultaneously read an internal memo where he's telling his staff to further cut costs because the stonk price is too high.

Elon playing chess in a teseract.

Stonks
In stock market, Microsoft, 
number one
Steady stock

Only moves sideways.
Goldman over here like "by 2040 tesla"

Man get the fuck out of here 2040??? Tesla is priced in already like they're in the year 2040 already
Apparently picked the perfect time to buy TSLA $600c yesterday...
I rather weak hand bitches not buy PLTR.

We don't need people panic selling due to volatility
Michael Burry definitely belongs in here with the rest of us
Just the other night, every other post was sucking up to michael burry.. how hes a god.. called gme.. etc. now that hes deleted his tsla tweet in shame, where did all his  supporters go?!?! 
Is today the date we get merger news from ?

CRSR please don't dump in the morning and ruin my day again. My butthole is sore
Cramer sitting there trying to make me feel bad for making money during COVID. Fuck outta here. People been dying of diarrhea in Cambodia everyday since forever
NIO PLS BOUNCE BACK TO $50 YOU STUPID BITCH
where that  news?
PLTR to buy TikTok eod
Not a lot of  energy lately
Fuck Citron and fuck your PLTR puts
Fuck citron 
Pltr more bigger please, thanks.
PLTR is about to 
To those who sold PLTR last week and bought yesterdays dip, congrats! 

But also teach me your ways plz.
PLTR panic sellers crying
Imagine buying puts on PLTR at the very bottom yesterday lmao
PLTR up 9% some idiot here really said "here comes the crash" lmaooooo
Gotta pump those numbers up PLTR, those are rookie numbers in this racket
RyanAir is at its all time high. A fucking airline during a pandemic with a best case recovery to maybe 75% capacity in a year or two - is at its ALL TIME HIGH. The bubble-o-meter is maxed out and broken.
RKT doing it's thang brah. 

Unfortunately it's thang is sitting at -0.5 - .5 %
"Buy the dip, fagot" - Warrant Buffet, March 2020  


"Be fearful when others are retarded" - Options Buffet, now
PLTR bulls, stand back and stand by.
PALANTARDS RISE UP!
yall ready to LOSE SOME FUCKING MONEY??? 
I no longer feel anything when I lose money, or gain money

I am simply a part of the simulation
Ill suck Elliot Pages dick if PLTR continues this PM mooning throughout the day.
Hey YOU! You're doin great. You're gonna hit a grand slam on your next trade. Keep it up slugger.
Got a TESLA call at the very bottom yesterday and I know its gonna be beautiful at open. I really want to hold but Im scared
Is today the day THiCc Boi is supposed to moon?
**AAPL** you cheeky fucker, I see you eyeing $125 before lunch and $128 before EOD.

Do it bby
I cant believe I didnt buy some TSLA when it was below 400...
US Initial Jobless Claims: 712K vs. 775K forecast
Who's ready to see this TSLA  take off?
Getting in CRM at open Godspeed tards
Hulk cock EV dildos incoming
**Feeling a nice solid 4% day for AAPL today**
MM is not going to let PLTR rise this week or next week. Way too much easy money in letting the hundreds of thousands of 28+ calls expire worthless.
All those meme stonk holders who diamond handed through the meme-pocalypse this week will be rewarded with tenders
If (g)Oldman Sacks gave TSLA a PT of $780, that means it's really just gonna go to $1,000
GME how we looking
Youre welcome PLTR gang, I bought puts. Go have yourself a day - you deserve it
Buying CRM yesterday was free money.
May the tendies rain down on you all
PLTR and SQ today. Let's ride autists.
Did pltr take half a viagria, or the whole pill? Stay tuned to find out
Keep the PLTR train going

[When you actually buy the PLTR dip.](https://i.imgur.com/eXpaL47.png)
PLTR to the moon!!!
Wow, PLTR. I cant say I saw the rebound happening this soon but I knew it would at some point. Congrats PLTARDS
PLTR 28 EOW
PLTR 25 lets GOOOOO
WE'RE BACK, BABY

ALL ABOARD THE PLTR 
PLTR on crack cocaine...again
Did it boys, back to even for the year. 15k - 20k - 10k - 1k - 15k
Anyone make any money today ?
Why do I hate spending money on anything but Ill happily loose 5k on some random stock that a retard on the internet told me to buy

Edit: I forgot dear diary
GME holders 

#turn off your god damn phone!
Wild that my stock shares are keeping me afloat as I piss away my gains with options....
You get a few lucky hits in the market and people think youre a guru. Some dude just offered to pay me to advise him on his portfolio.  I would be pretty much just handing it over to you guys lmao.
All in GME?
Ive stopped doing meme stocks and started playing boomer stocks. Since Ive made the switch Im up 60% on my port.
Lol Michael Burry deleted his TSLA short tweet. What a high-school girl.
its time for the bears daily rectal bull semen injection.

Please assume the position.
If you're trying to time PLTR you WILL get fucked. Stand back and stand by

Or buy shares
I just hope everybody has fun today
If you ever feel like a failure just remember NKLA still has a market cap of 7 billion dollars.
AAPLs making my peepee feel all tingly.
It seems that due to the "special dividend" of $1.94 per share, and Rolls-Royce dropping to $1.50 the day of the dividend issue, and my setting dividends to reinvest automatically, I am now the proud owner of 6699.526 shares or RYCEY instead of the original 3000 I purchased.
Guys RKT up .03c in premarket, todays the day!
APHA Im going to need you to run a little today.
Big Short? More like the pig snort am I right
OH YEAH PLTR IM GONNA CUM BABY KEEP GOING
If youre ever feeling retarded just remember there is some guy out there who is short $TSLA
Come on Tesla give me a wild rocket ride at open. Lets break through $600 in a straight upwards line like a mad erection 
10% uppies in PLtR. Probably happen by noon
Is PLTR explodes to cloud nine Im retiring for the rest of this year.
Micheal burrry gonna lose all his money on Tesla like the rest of the tards that value them per car sold   
I can't wait to see all the "Why'd I Sell?!" Posts on PLTR next year. 

Reminds me of the time I got memed into selling AMD AT $9.
[deleted]
They fightin on CNBC
Buy SQ?
CRM, AMD, PINS, SE, and more BABA calls at open.
WSB ETFs
Huge PLTRA volume coming in. Whats happening?
Hate it when Im trying to put in orders and my coworkers have the audacity to message me about work
lol Yahoo's headers.

*New Jobless Claims decline for first time in 3 weeks despite COVID. *

You fucking dumb dumbs. As people are moved out of the work force, there are less people to lay off. And I sure as hell hope after 9 months of weekly claims averaging over 1M, we are trending down.
Jeez. We are back to stimulus hope, huh?
So that guy that bought 1m shares of PLTR @ $23.75.....$23m didnt even move the stock
If you contact a Robinhood customer service agent the video from *The Ring* starts to play on all nearby screens and you'll get a call saying "seven days".
Apple might rip into 125 today and beyond
PLTR please dont play with my emotions today...
Anyone heard over this company that Plant Trees? Their profits are over the roof. Fucking Moon stock. The ticker is PLTR 
Who schedules a meeting at market open? Ill tell you who, a 
Lmao PLTR energy back in the game fk u bears
PLTR  Right back up in your motherfuckin' ass
Nine-five plus four pennies, add that shit up, D.R.E. right back up on top of thangs
Smoke some wit' your Dogg
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
PLTR if you didnt buy back, then you aint... you aint .. I dunno I guess, just not a good trader is all
Hope you all bought that PLTR dip 
There definitely a post nut clarity after buying in where you realize what the fuck you've done.
They're making a sequel to the big short called "the big mistake" featuring TSLA and Dr Burrys
PLTR RALLY BACK ON THE MENU
PLTR bears in absolute shambles
Holy shit. PLTR just ate up that 24.75 like it was a speed bump
PLTR rise from your grave and save my daughter!
Strong PLTR resistance at 25. If we break through we will hit the next level of resistance at 50
This sub spammed PLTR so much last week, I was really like the new topics
PLTR is doing a 20-30% today
The bad news is my PLTR Puts are now worthless, the good news is my calls are... also worthless
PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR!  PLTR! 
Just sold my 595 contracts of 12/24 CCL $23c for $1.42. Picked them up for $0.81. 

I made over $36k. Not a bad start to the day.
#Reminder: PLTR bears are dumb dumb and ty for tendies. We eating good bois 
Im back in PLTR. Probably at the peek. Not proud of it.
imagine selling your PLTR shares AFTER it tanked and missing out on this rebound we're undertaking. 

couldn't be me.
Cut my losses with palantir at 21.75 yesterday.

I stay on my clown shit 
My account just hit ATH after 2 years

FeelsGoodMan
I cant say I did but anyone who has held on for PLTRS wild ride has nerves of steel. Props
pltr keep it pushing
Pfizer is pfucking me
Watching bears getting massacred never gets old
[deleted]
where my BA shares gang at ?  200 @ $145 checking baggage
Honey I lost all of our money gambling on a LED computer parts manufacturer we are now homeless
Im definitely still a poor since I blew my account up weeks ago, but proud of turning my remaining $200 into $1k again with no deposits. Ready to work the way back up again
Raise  if you are trading on a toilet seat right now
#PLTR BULLS FORMED A PHALANX FORMATION
wow all this crying about AAPL, its down ... 0.4%.

Keep buying them weeklies 
Ogre cock on 
*US reaches record hospitalizations for virus*

Stock market: PUMMMPP ITTTTT
PLTR HEARD ALL THE HATERS AND SAID IT WAS GONNA MOON  ANYWAY 
Cant have unemployment if you kick people off of it. Truly genius.
Imagine nearly nine months since lockdowns began and still more than 700k are losing their job for the first time
If PLTR reaches $30 EOW i will name my first born Palantir. I offer you a sacrifice meme gods
Who is ready to lose more money today, sign up here
Dont even get me started on the weed bill
Softbank had this way of investing.

Go to big companies and give them money to grow faster. If they don't take the money them SB will go fund their competitor.

That's gangsta
THC holders keep an eye out on your position and be on the lookout for news as today shareholders will vote on an extension at 10 AM EST.
Apple go big today.
AmZn will not split because bezos doesnt care about being a popular grading vehicle.  Amzn shares will be the most prized commodity in the future. Youll need two bitcorns to buy an amzn
Go TSLA go
Tesla calls gonna save my portfolio again
"Palantir bulls should take latest sell-off as a gift, trader says"

[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/03/palantir-bulls-should-take-latest-sell-off-as-a-gift-trader-says.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/03/palantir-bulls-should-take-latest-sell-off-as-a-gift-trader-says.html)
Took such a loss on my TSLA calls yesterday could of just held and printed today 
Ppl still buy NKLA 
Goldman Sachs raises Tesla target to $780 a day after Michael Burry announces hes shorting the shit out of Tesla?  Revenge?
Seriously i dont know what to do in this market right now. Its too expensive to open long positions but shorting this market is impossible since you instantly get bombarded with stimulus and infinite printing
Palantarinos how are we feeling today?
Today will be  a great reward for those that Diamond handed their Tesla Calls these past few days
RIP anyone who lives in LA these next few weeks
Its okay CRSR you go up when you want to.
TSLA hates the 600s. Not sure why. Always blows through them or skips entirely.
Palantir Bears - Stand back and stand by
If you bet against Papa Musk you deserve to lose all your money
I hope you mf like memes about margin calls
The dollar keeps tanking, what do this mean for stocks?
TSLA 650 EOD 
Tesla Tesla Tesla...please just stay up today
Whats TSLA prediction for EOD
My portfolio is too diverse, gotta find something to go all in on
I had TSLA 12/4 600c that I sold yesterday for small profit instead of holding overnight. FML
Apple Tesla & AMD I salute you all 
 P L T R 
GME incoming moon landing 
Waiting for 930am amazon crash so I can get stressed out and contemplate selling my calls for a big loss
NIO 55 eod
PLTR is back time to rebuy those 35c 12/4s u paper handed...
Continuing claims down because people been on unemployment for so long they are starting to get kicked off. Initials are down because it's only first time unemployed.

Such a fucking shit show fuck the fed
aunt Jemima is thicc
My heart is already broken from the false hope of this PLTR premarket push :(
Can I take a mulligan on that last trade?
CRSR flat then slow bleed up towards Christmas/Q4 earnings?
Def shoulda held those ba calls. Brb doing hand workouts
NIO is wanting to fly like a peacock today
CRM to 250 EoM
Oh boy. Cant wait for ThinkOrSwim to freeze up at market open again and leave me holding my TSLA calls for 4-10 minutes... AGAIN
NASA already getting reports of something breaking through out stratosphere. Its rocket  TSLA 
Apple ramp at open. Dont miss it
Jobless claims are down, we moon today
Lol Goldman Sachs upgrades Tesla to 780 from 455. Is this gonna be a 10% day?
APHA GANG
$4000 in cash ready to all in TSLA on dip
PLTR finally gets a somewhat okay headline lmfao
I sweat more before opening bell than I do running in 100 degree weather.
Bullish on $GME they made me pay $800 in bundle shit I didnt want to get a $500 PS5
GME rising after hours. lets go keep it pushing boys
Tsla will reach 2000 by end of next year and will do another stock split 

Rinse and repeat, free unlimited tendies literally cant go tits up
PLTR has nearly 3 million pre market volume.

That is fuckin ridiculous.
CRM CRM CRM
*^(Lately it is not the market that is going up, but dollar that keeps getting weaker)*
Alexa, play Danger Zone


All i want is one 50% day from amzn.  Is that too much to ask?
Good luck everyone !!!
PLTR 27c 12/4. Not selling until RH rips it from my hands at 3pm tomorrow
PLTR 
PLTR 30 EOW?
In 5 mins PLTR is probably gonna fuck us huh
Back to every comment saying PTLR with rocket emojis I see lmao
you guys are getting too excited about PLTR too early, you aren't safe yet don't jinx it. good luck tho
PLTR boys never lose 
Imagine how stupid you have to be to buy anything at 9:30am. What a noob
PLTR
PLTR giving me blue balls
Imagine the retards buying PLTR puts after it fell 30%
GME gang are like catholics, ready to suffer everyday in hopes of a glorious afterlife.
TSLA about to fucking explode!!! 
Just entered BABA calls, safe stonk will be holding till tmr. Going back to sleep ciaociao
Good to see PLTR jump today, however Im pretty sure everyone whos calls expire tomorrow are panic selling today.
Baba made a vaccine lmfao Im done
PLTR emergency use vaccine approved
Holding my pltr calls til 2021
If you didnt see PLTR rebounding then idk what to tell you. Had a huge run up, dropped off a little and the MM were able to buy cheap shares off you guys. Gotta learn to have diamond hands
Palantir, the return of the king. He just left yesterday to buy diapers for his child NIO.
PLTR lets cross 25 first!b
Nio clapping my cheeks
That volatility on PLTR man.
Stay strong my PLTR brethren, were getting ready for takeoff to Pluto
L-O-L at the PLTR "downgrade"
KEEP BUYING PLTR CALLS ON THIS NIGGA SHIT GOOOOOOOO
PLTR to the 
Switched from options gambling to share holding. This is much better
Happy for your Plantards, you deserve this one
Puts on Citron, overvalued IMO
Waiting for thic extension approval 
PLTaRds RISE UP
Guess who bought back the call that he sold for a net loss only to see his stock fall down 
NIO volatility is fucking insane man. Good luck guessing that beast on a day to day basis.
COME ON PLTR AND LEG UP YOU DUSTY CUNT
The extension was approved for Tucson Holdings. To the moon over the next couple months.
Please Let Tendies Rise, a novel by John Palantir
Am I dreaming or is PLTR green
This is what is happening to GME 

https://scholar.harvard.edu/quant-dev/cup-and-handle-pattern-detection-algorithm

Called cup and handle. 
PLTR up 10 points, my wife just tested positive for covid, this is a good day.
Tim Apple wears a mask when he's alone in his Prius
Raise your hand if you panic sold NIO and/or PLTR at open yesterday 
Up  30,000 in 2 hours.  Thank you Peter Thiel and Elon Musk. We appreciate the defiant ones. PLTR and TSLA gang. Lets go. 
When the child of my wife and her boyfriend asks me cuckdad, whats the dumbest thing you ever did in your life?

My answer will be buying BB at 8.92
Bought PLTR calls yesterday so you could say Im a bit of a genius
My whole stock account was in airplane and cruise stocksssss yessssssssss sold and took profit
Diamond  cocks PLTR, APX.T, SRN.E
Imagine panic selling PLTR yesterday 
PLTR LOOOKS SOOOO BULLISH AHHHH
Christmas time is here

Get your tendies, queers

YOLO your PLTR call

Its retard time this year
Hope you guys who bought PLTR shares at $22 are rewarded today for being absolute lads and keeping this rocket ship going.
It's a new day to lose on puts. 
Ultimate gay bear (Michael Burryitinmyass) vs ALPHA BULL STOCK Tesla for the final showdown of 2020
If TSLA isn't over $600 by open..give it 10 mins and we'll be there.
The more I lose, the more I spend trying to get it back. The more I spend trying to get it back, the dumber my plays become.  No hope
PLTR making some moves. Have no position, but genuinely happy  for ya retards
PLTR too low imo should be around 110-115 per share
                    

#THIS IS PETER THIELS CAWK RN
Look at little socialist New Zealand getting a 4-day work week even though theyre not actually socialist, they have a freer market than we do. Meaning they dont bail out the rich fuckers holding oil when oil goes negative and dont tell bulls not to kill themselves when things go tits up, they tell them to get the fuck over it.
Remember, the only people bullish on NIO are the ones trapped in a position. If this comment gets downvoted to shit, Im right lol
Thank god I opted not to buy TSLA puts yesterday. This stock is an animal.
Where's my PLTR gang at!?
CRSR better wake the hell up today
Is it normal to have dreams about the market and about the rh screen?
Good morning everyone. I hope for you all to make those gains today.
Looking forward to NKLA getting delisted so everyone can stop lumping HYLN in with NKLA as well.. seriously look at the fucking correlation since merger.. everyone: NKLA fraud must mean HYLN fraud because they're both into semi's..
CRM!!!!! LFGOOOO
All hail ELon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is King
My crystal ball says $PLTR Run up to 24-25 today.  Drop to 20 by eow.  I'm selling at the top today and buying back in on Friday.
Why is it that every time I over leverage myself to get my portfolio to the next level, it doesn't pan out and I have to work myself back up slowly?
How are we feeling about NIO rn with this massive green candle?
rip my pltr puts i bought yesterday 
I just want confirmation that FOMO TESLA calls will print. When are we hitting 700?
Lol I used to lose sleep over losing 500 dollars in one day. Yesterday I saw my PLTR call lose 2k in an hour and literally went back to bed. Of course Im still holding you fucking pussies
Am I reading this wrong or did jobless claims 10 bag week over week . I know my selfish ass wants the markets to pump but also please dont let ppl starve when all you gotta do is vote smh
Hello basement dwellers
CRSR hitting 40 today?? 
CRM


One of the easiest dip buy ever
I can literally feel PLTR engorging my penis with blood flow
 $25 exit point for me, stop lossing from 25 onward
it actually gives me hope that so many of you tards are bearish on PLTR, the mooning will be funny as shit
Robinhood open, tsla finna moon to 600 PM
Ban over time to lose money again

Ps fuck the mods
AAL is going to moonshot like in June one of these days.
Its time for aapl to be exciting again. To the fucking 
How can I stop myself from looking at stocks every 5 minutes, I have a job lol
CRM up from here?
PLTR $24 plz
Tuscan bois, where you tracking merger news???
Im about to do something stupid .... do we see pltr jumping up today
Looks like thic  is gonna make me wait for it. Dirty Minx
USD looking like my dead goldfish swirling around the toilet bowl on his way down to hell
PLTR got bick dick energy today 
nio taking its scheduled morning dump. get ready to buy the dip.
If TSLA goes to $600, I will eat a brownie from Starbucks.
PLTR LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Come on PLTR
pltr shares  bought at 27.50... there's still hope in this world
Can we please have a +20% for PLTR and CRSR for old time sake.
**Morning prayer boys**

Lord Thiel may nothing separate me from thy tendies today. 

Teach me how to yolo the best stonks

Protect me from gay bears throughout the day.

**Amen**
i bought 1 stock.  When does my Rolls Royce show up?
Moderna flies on vacc news and pfe just sits. What a world.
PLTR LETS GO BOYS
CNBC just said to buy PLTR we made it to the boomer leagues 
Yes PLTR
Paper hands missing out on PLTR. To the moon Alice! 
12/4 PLTR $100C
imagine not buying PLTR right now... The dip was like a gift from the gods.
Only the most  shalt ride with the knight of PLTR to tendie land 
PLTR bears in total shambles.
And on the Seventh day, God said PLTR holders shall be rewarded for their bloodshed. 

WSB 69:420
Lost all my money on PLTR free fall. Now my kids can have a Christmas on this rebound. Thank you WSB!!
PTLR MAKING MONEY MOVES ! 
PLTR COME ONNNN
He sold?

[Pump eeet.](https://i.imgur.com/ZVVe2G6.jpg)
So PLTR hitting 100 EOY? I need my Jan 15 40C to print so I can make up for my sissy cuck paper hands...
PLTR  space mission 
PALANTARDS RISE UP
Pltr gunna do a big fat 25% today.
Now Citron is gonna say PLTR is severely undervalued
PLTR BEARS IN SHAMBLES LOL
Fuck Citron. Fuck Andrew Left. To the moon we go.
Its not widely known but the actual origin of the word Palantir comes from the Ancient Greek word *palantus* which, roughly translated to modern English is: if your bitch ass weak stomach cant handle turbulence then youre never getting to the Moon.
Don't see too many PLTR haters and skeptics in this thread..I wonder why?
Yay pltr weeklies are only down 91% now
HoLy ShIt PLTR is MOONING
Pltr 12/11 31c
Tell me why my ass FOMOD into pltr at 25$
PLTR dip opportunity
Thicc bitches, anyone know the details of this vote today?
100 PLTR $27c 3/19.... just gonna turn a blind eye and hope Im up next month
PLTR chose green today? Good.
I own 49 different stocks. I am my own ETF at this point lmfao I am accepting orders for my IPO DM me
PLTR 27 eod
PLTR is rising again
Is a +30% day on PLTR too much to ask for 
That's the MM buying the PLTR shares you panic sold. 
Pltr tug of war bull v bears @25
Apple needs to make up it's fucking mind
Fuckers are pinning AAPL 
Fuck you amazon fuck you bezos you cuckbaldsucker
Wheeling TSLA is free money if you have the capital
Bag Hold 2: Bag Hold Harder
$PLTR and $TSLA still too low imo.
Lost my ass on CRSR bout to uninstall this fucking app
 Im in green with PLTR call do I run or hold
Any thicc b updates?
PLTR ending the day at $27
Okay Ill triple down on pltr
Did Burry really delete his tweets? Man thats funny af. Hope gets rekt even more
PFE about to be FDA approved, and it dips. The market is stupid.
Jim Cramer is actually a legend. He deserves some kind of monument on the NYSE building like a gargoyle
I swear to god the next meme stock these mfs boost, im buying puts at peak
Should i buy GME??? I know they have earnings coming up
AMZN cannot hold a pump above 3200, pathetic
Lol Im out, its a ticking time bomb right now
GME
 taking off
PLTR gang, checking in. We still alive
gme sHoRt sQuEeZe
Yo DKNG this is the gayest shit ever

Go up to $55 you cunt
HUGE GREEN DILDO PLTR !!!
Say it with me guys..." im a retard who always buys shit and when i do buy the right thing i sell it early and miss out on massive gains"
I love that the main headline on CCL is that Carnival canceled more cruises for 2021 and the stock is up 9.2%.
GME holding at 16 getting ready for the run to 20. Get in now unless you don't like making 25% in a day
Pltr green and doing less than half of previous few days volume. Nice
I will buy pltr tomorrow after the  scheduled Friday slaughter. Big brain
Im buying every Airline dip! Lets fucking go 
Holy shit. I broke even 
It's gonna be hard for NIO to meet my reasonable expectation of 300 if it never leaves the mid 40s.
Picture this:

Its June, youre unemployed cause rona but just made your salary for the summer in 3 days on airline calls. And that unemployment be printing. Youre sitting outside with nothing to do, just lazily working on your project car as you listen to the radio. Drinking a sweet tea. Morgan Wallens Chasin you is playing. Its 80 degrees and sunny out with a nice breeze. The lockdown has just been lifted and life is good.

Now picture its December and you live in Michigan (absolutely shit outside rn if you dont know). You lost all the airline money and more chasing that rush and your portfolio looks like a dying EKG. Youre still in bed because youre getting hammered by seasonal depression and not being able to go out cause of lockdown 2. Youre too scared to make a big play but too scared to miss out on returns so you scalp and hate yourself for selling winners short. Youre back to work and school and it sucks dick doing both remotely. 

Damn bros I aint offing myself or nothing but its crazy how life swings. Maybe thats why we can handle the swings in our portfolio without batting an eye 
PLTR bull market
Imagine rejecting a 1.8 Trillion stimulus just to settle for a 900 billion one.
Look at pltr chart.. the quick pull backs are healthy. Its on an incline. Were about to take off you tards 

PLTR
never doubted u PLTR, fuck all the weak sauce hoes
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
Have you guys ever heard of PLTR? I heard it's the next Google.
After the last 2 weeks of PLTR hulk dildos, watching it's bagholders celebrate it being up 4% pm is just kinda sad
In my dream PLTR went up +98% overnight. Woke up to see +5% pre-market, I'll take that too.
Things I've learned in November:  The assumption is that you'll lose, stop getting mad when you take fat fucking L's...  Celebrate the wins because they're far and few between.
PLTR preparing for take off  Hop in 
What is this weed billl? Legalize weed in all of US? If so, no way that passes
Let Daddy Elon fix all of your recent retarded mistakes...get on the rocket  Goldman just raised the price target to an astounding $780 
Kinda wanna rebuy corsair stocks now, it's a good company with a big upcoming shopping season and  the stock has gotten severly beaten down.
If the weirdo who kept saying GME thursday news doesnt get banned after this shit trades sideways instead of the mega cohen / sony deal surprise announcement mooning I will LITERALLY eat lunch today.


fr tho tired of you GME hype fucks I want the original diamond hand 14 -> 10 GME gang back you paper handed pussies suck
SQ back to 210 eod
Dad when do we get to win in the stock market?
this thread is dead as a bitch

guess everyone got wiped 
Did boomer Burry delete he's tweet about TSLA, can't find it anymore?
CRSR wtf 
Tesla calls again today. Tesla to the moon
Google chrome is now shit. Search engine going to shit too. Can't find shit with their misleading promotions throwing off my search.  WTF is [Sundar Pichai](https://www.google.com/search?sxsrf=ALeKk00M5JTNmWOwmzJelXWCGC8i13wzAQ:1606998287887&q=Sundar+Pichai&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgVuLSz9U3sExPKTY3ecRoyi3w8sc9YSmdSWtOXmNU4-IKzsgvd80rySypFJLgYoOy-KR4uJC08Sxi5Q0uzUtJLFIIyEzOSMwEAG8r_JxWAAAA) doing? Videoplayers keep freezing on twitter too. Fuck Google. Not investment advice...
Tuscan gang, how long do you plan on holding? 
NKLA tried to fuck over Bosch with GM, now they are getting fucked and are losing both partners. Bosch is getting out, as long as there still is a profit:

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1731289/000121390020040487/ea130843-13da1nimbus_nikola.htm

From the filing:

"On December 1, 2020, Nimbus (Bosch) sold an aggregate of 4,261,155 Common Shares and Nimbus, along with the other Reporting Persons, ceased to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Common Shares Outstanding. "

Getting below 5% as well so that they can sell the rest discretely.
If there's been only one full-proof 100% move over the last couple months, it's been to buy TSLA on as much margin as your retarded broker will give you. Naturally this trend will continue forever so I encourage all of you to go balls deep
I hope we all make money today honestly, good vibes to everyone regardless of your positions. This week has been such shit for a lot of us its time for good things to happen again. All of us who are still profiting should be thankful because a lot of people are in the negative. Good luck today autists
If you have cash ready to buy shares if a stock tanks why not just sell puts. You either get premium or shares like you wanted. Win win
26.80c on PLTR 12/11 hold or sell?
Tsla is the most stressful calls to play. Yesterday drops to 548 then magically overnight opens over 590. Like a stock falling 30-40 absolutely wrecks options even if its A few weeks out. These paper hands cant handle it :(
GMHI changes to LAZR and will be trading on NASDAQ Thursday. To the moon!
 !!! PFIZER U PFUCKS ! ! !     
tsla hittin 600 today fosho
Buy TSLA calls at open????
TSLA stop youre making me cum 
Looks like PLTR bust scared people away.  This place is a ghost town
If  gets over 124.40, its over.
Looks like my TSLA Calls gonna print. Should have bought more 
Tesla is going to do it today arent they
If youre gonna buy Tesla options, prepare for some fuckery. Its gonna kangaroo
Diamond ballsacks only here with apx t and pltr
now is the time to buy boomer stocks. this little vaccine will give them just enough life to take flight. all in AAL, UA and DAL
Theres so much bullish press on TSLA. It seems like theyre propping it up
TSLA needs to split again
Legged my TSLA debit spreads into calls at the 

P E R F E C T 
T I M E
Prepare for thiccccc throbbing hulk apendages
Holy balls! How did crsr go from 51 to 35?
fuck nikola and fuck trevor milton
Incoming PLTR-undertaker rising from the dead gifs
Only 712k unemployed. BULLISH huh.
CRM with the comeback
Gme mooning again today 
GME to 20 today?
Xpev, nio EOD?
Opening Bell Prediction:

TSLA drops to 585 as weekly holders get nervous and sell initiating the catalyst to shoot us to 600+.
CRSR bag holders will henceforth be referred to as Corsair cucks
Everyone claiming delisting and China stocks going $0 when the bill passes only to wake up and see them all green. 

Ngmi, bears.
Should have bought more CRM, huh?
Apple ? May be 5% up today ?
CCL dilutes the shit out of their stock. Takes on a zillion dollars debt. Cant sail and has basically zero way to make money with earnings report coming. Stock goes up every single day.
what if wsb starts doing something special . . . just once a year, in the spirit of Christmas 

maybe something like exchanging strikes and dates with each other?  I'm just spitballing here.
There were more pltr bears than bulls here yesterday. 

Hope you mother fuckers get wrecked for buying puts 3 days late and at the bottom.
Roll call for the $PFE Viagara popping brigade! Hugging my PFE calls HARD.
Im told Ford will be the next Tesla. Small micro cap company
EVs will rally hard today
is APHA mooning today or what
Do you call it gambling or investing big difference
PLTR in the green during pre-market
If Apple breaks $125 today, I will have no choice but to donate to charity
Why do people from HR talk like robots that have every sentence carefully pre-planned
SPCE launches FAA test flight next week. Get in now and next week 
So does Cramer shouts to his wife like that too?
Oh NIO, please dont do this to me

Edit: STOP THE COUNT
SECURE THE BAG   INSTEAD OF HOLDING ONE.
TSLA 
PLTRRRRRR 
Steat belts on Tesla to 600 incoming
DEFUND MY RH ACCOUNT
Lol pltr. I see what you're doing here.
Damn NIO,  who hurt you? Was it the house? The senate?
I've seen this run by PLTR before. I'll wait till I see if it can hold through people taking profit before I celebrate.
jack off. check charts. smoke weed. repeat.
Every morning nio falls off a cliff only to recover by midday
 patient
TO THE FUCKING MOOOOON PLTR TSLA LETS GO
Thank god I didnt listen to you guys and sell PLTR
PLTR greatest comeback story of all time today?
SHOW ME THE FUCKING MONEY BITCHES FUCK U CITRON
pltr will sky rocket any second now
25 eod pltr
BABA 275 EOW
Sweating bullets 
apple and microsoft getting fueled up for a 10:30ish take off
Can we get more GME DD spam so I can stop dry heaving?
Yeah PLTR keep going I never lost faith in you
PLTR going to Challenger again?
NIO calls?
PLTR 8% LFGGGGGGG 
Am i the only one to buy random stocks that are pumping and only after that doing dd and watching videos n shit?
Everything I touch dies
Just bought PLTR sorry boys is probably going to go down now
GO PLTR GO
PLTR is experiencing the second wave of retard strength
Would love to see some big green dildos for NIO
Pltr vertical
PLTR to the moon
Fuck man I really hope every one of you make it as a trader and quit your stupid ass waste of life 9-5s.
lol does PLTR ever have a 1-2% day? Always so dramatic
PLTR holders: Ah shit, here we go again
CRSR gang
Les go PLTR 40eod
PLTR 
Ooooh PLTR fuck my bitch!
I can't believe I'm thinking about buying into PLTR
pltr $25 lets goooooo
PLTR up 11% in less than an hour? Oh boy, this doesn't seem healthy
Cheers to the fellow diamond nutsack pltr holders.
HOLYS SHIT PLTR
Get on the PLTR carousel 
citron must have bought into PLTR yesterday.
PLTR paper hands cost me 2k so far, this will be an expensive lesson
Very proud of all you Palantir devotees.   
I was in at 17 out at 25, but I'm proud of you fuckers for holding the line.
NOW THIS IS POT RACING
Pltr at a price not seen since dec 1
Cmon APHA hit $9 you dirty slut
TO VALE-HALLLAAAAA MY FUCKTARDS 
PLTR with the hope for WSB

but your Dec 4 $40c is probably still dead
I am the owner of what should be an illegal amount of PLTR puts. Christmas is going to be PS5s for everyone or me standing in the breadline with just my PS5.
NIO what is you doing bb
My baby(PLTR) is back <3
PLTR for Jan 15 have me cooling 
Alright who FOMOd into PLTR for the second time?
Stop being so loud ur scaring my PLTR call
You can do it NIO I believe!
inject that fucking vaccine directly into my veins
This game is so stressful
PLTR with the beautiful upwards trend 
I'm so fucking retarded
US Senate Majority Leader McConnell: Compromise On Stimulus  Is Within Reach

# PAMP IT
 Pot stocks  L E G A L A z action
AAPL trying to kill weeklies lmfao
L E G A L I Z E   T E N D I E S
PLTR
S R A C get in
Fuck everyone who took pltr profits pump it more
LAZR about to get memed on ticker alone
Would u suck off peter thiel for 10,000 shares of PLTR
Bullish price action on PLTR. We had a pull back now back to $27 
Ive been watching Boeing since $145, and not doing a damn thing about it
Back into PLTR with a $25 1/15/21 synthetic. Lets do this.
Scratched my way from -$45k on Monday back to +$10k today. Dumped my IWM puts and sunk it all into OTM CCL calls.

I can finally show my face at the bank again.
New stim allows businesses to write off 100% of the cost of meals, but provides no checks for regular people lol.

While we're all cold, starving, and paying taxes at least we can be comforted by the idea that an executive worth $10 million can write of the $600 bottle of Champagne and the $70 steak from the "business meal" with ~~his college buddies~~ "potential customers".
Feels good to not have to care about PDT rules anymore
where thicc b
Just find an option that is worth 1 cent and wait for it to go to 2 cents. Double your money EZ
Boeing Max Mobile Morgue
My BA 220 leaps I bought at 150 are worth millions

But I sold for loss
Anyone else in Pot Stocks?
Why isnt GME mooning, its thursday
$CRM leaps is free money lol
About that GME short squeeze, it likes to take its time dont it?
Queen  off to a new better hive
 stand strong 
Was looking at AAL looking pretty at $14 and thought, Ill wait a day. Well fuck me then
If you wanna trade options for that chance of hitting it big then fair enough but can people stop acting like a few % up or down is either crashing or mooning just because you leveraged yourself into the ground
Back into CRSR I go. Time to sail the high sees.
PLTR bout make a run at 25. 

prepare your buys autists
I just hit it big guys, Im up 7.50 today
GME playing the TA by book right now. Like the astrology is self fulfilling.
[https://www.reuters.com/article/us-tesla-chanos/jim-chanos-reduces-size-of-tesla-short-bloomberg-news-idUSKBN28D2GU](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-tesla-chanos/jim-chanos-reduces-size-of-tesla-short-bloomberg-news-idUSKBN28D2GU)  


L O L.   


Can you imagine shorting Tesla since 2016?   


Sir, you now have infinite negative money.
BA just retired me boys. See yall laters
Who knew Cruise ships could fly to the moon 
Oh shit its PLTR TIME
CRSR too low imo
drinking coffee gives me the shits pretty much every day yet I still do it...
Looks like  extension was approved. Pretty much guaranteeing the merger
What happened to that crowd saying PLTR was going to 18?
PLTR is a boomer stock now
LAZR and PLTR sound like two bros from the 90's American Gladiators
Weak paper ass pussy hands selling out of PLTR yesterday. You sold out of minority report early.
Has anyone heard of this company called Palantir? They look like a worthy while investment to me. The ticket is PLTR
Wheres my stimmy 
Pltr about to  bought the dip yesterday 
PLTR Bull here but this community is honestly so short sighted. You guys react to to things so dramatically. PLTR opens up 4% for the first 20 mins and its "OH BEARS ARE FUCKED"...until it goes down 4%  and then the whole thread is selling. You retards remember monday morning? It did the SAME SHIT. idk im ranting PLTR 40 EOW
PLTR call holders only down 80% now
My friends,  PLTR is a tidal wave that is coming in the following years. It is going to be our Skynet or Rehoboam from Westworld. Predictive Analytics will define the 2020's. 

 This is going to be one of those companies like Google, Facebook,  Amazon, and Tesla, where people wish they had heard of it in its early  days before it exploded. The difference being when Google, Facebook, and  Amazon were in their infancy, there was no Robinhood, trading apps on  phones, and WSB full of a million strong discussing companies in live  discussions.  This is the big kahuna.
Not able to sleep = check WSB 
I may have lost money on it but it's so good not seeing PLTR all over this thread again
PLTR up in premarket you know what that means. Prepare for an 8% moon mission in first 30 min then proceed to fall 10% below opening price then fight back to about 4% below opening price then stay flat the rest of the day:)
I want to be a mod but my only permissions would be to hold people accountable to their bets, like that guy chugging hot sauce if PLTR hits 30 next week. I wouldnt do anything else to actually help the sub. People would only tag me when a bet needs to be noticed.

Well thats my mod application. Thanks for listening

Edit: instead of screaming MODS they all scream for ice cream
 PLTR wiped so many people out and people are  so quick to hop back on the wagon
Buying the $10 PLTR dip today. Going long boys.
PLTR give me that BIG GREEN DICK BABY 
Peter Thiel net worth 5.4 billion, Alex Karp net worth 3 billion. Andrew Left  net worth 5 million. Who finna win this game?  Shitron done fucked up. PLTR 
Is PLTR gonna fly or are we gonna get cucked?
Gentleman Autists, PLTR is prime and ripe for Phase 2 of Launch.
PALANTIRIANS,

MOUNT UP


It was a clear black night, a clear white moon...
PLTR be like call an ambulance, but not for me!
Just buy PLTR and you win at life
PLTR FOMO must be fuckin painful for those who sold at the bottom
PLTR lmaooooo I knew I did right by buying the bottom yesterday
PLTR bears who thought it would keep drilling every single day after a string of red days are just as stupid as PLTR bulls who thought it would keep mooning every single day after a string of green days

Reversion to the trend, you retards
PLTR will know my loyalty.. when they take over they will have mercy for my unwavering faith
Told you fucks that GHMI was the play. 

LAZR 
I really wish I could play TSLA better. Keep missing upgrades, but damn premiums are just so damn expensive.
Hilarious how I'll only get fucked by my puts if SPY gains 10% before dropping once 1% from its current levels. And I'm still worried
Roll TSLA 12/4 to 12/18c at open or will there be a dip? I want to sell at open and wait for one but I'm fucking retarded and don't know what I'm doing
Really like blackberry today...Hold me to it
What happened to rolls Royce stock down 50%?
Bought 400 shares of HYLN yesterday. Gonna sell covered calls on this bitch back up to $25
GMHI up 16.67% 
At this rate, I predict SPY finishes the month at $366.66.
Holding PLTR, NIO and BB. Yesterday bought some PFE. Am I retarded?
Woke up to a bunch of little Indian men spamming my [inbox](https://twitter.com/pepeforthewin/status/1334471752924205057?s=21).  

Somebody used my email for some Indian marriage app. 

Looking for love in all the wrong places.

Was a gmail beta tester, so I aint giving that address up. Its rare af.
Ok real NIO talk.

Im LONG NIO, EV, especially chinese EVs, are gonna rip and are gonna be one of the best investments of the next decade. BUT, we went from 3$ to 56$ in a little more than six months. Dont you think a little downtrend is bound to happen at some time ?!

Still holding NIO, but thinking out loud.
Aapl floating up like in april and may
I don't have any skin in TSLA game, but if TSLA bear r fuk and I don't win the console from that one guy, I'm gonna buy myself an Xbox because game pass seems neat.

630 eow
bought PLTR weeklies at the bottom yesterday for shits yall think they finna print or nah
TSLA FOMO inc
This shmuck on CNBC just said ideas have been floated for Adobe and Microsoft to consolidate lmao wtf
Everyone here is like yacht or bust. Cruise lines gonna give you the experience at a fraction of the price. CCL NCLH
i like how tesla at a big number kept getting downgraded but tesla at a small number keeps getting upgraded
Dollar dead

gold to $5k

silver to $100

Bltcoin to $100k

Emerging markets to moon

that's the bet for next 5 years
Howre we feeling about GME?
Los Angeles on lockdown again?  No walking or bicycling allowed.  Lol
If my DD and prediction comes true, I will have to trust myself more.
Prediction from last week for PLTR:
Giant sell off from last Friday to this Wednesday.
Thursday: sizeable bump up.
Friday: sell off (smaller).
Monday to Wednesday next week: moon to 40.
Thursday to January: dump to 12.
Its crazy how NIO premarket doesn't matter, it has so much volume it can move 2% in literally a matter of seconds. NIO 52 eod 
CRM recovering nicely lets hope it holds
Tesla is only this high to laugh in my face for panic selling yesterday morning. Only reason
Well my explosive shits are back from the stress.
Today's going to be yuge.
Feels like over the last 6 months or so this sub has really moved away from playing SPY and into more individual stocks. Interesting.
during sex you ask "you like that?"

She says "yuppers"

How the fuck do you respond to that
GM PALTARDS
If you can eliminate the "ifs" in your trading, you'll be more forgiving, resulting in more tendies printing. Too many times I succumbed to the "what if" scenario. Slowly realizing this "if" situation can make you a zombie trader as in you become fixated on the perceived outcome that was supposed to be while missing the next opportunity. No more
Yall got anymore of that GME confirmation bias?
I hope these weed bros know that Moscow Mitch will shoot down the bill in the senate
Whats the deal with Luminar Tech (LAZR)? Going public today
NKLA is going to 0 by end of 2021

Change my mind
Why the fuck is NKLA green ?! They don't deserve to be green, they don't even deserve to be there! ERHHHHH MAAAA GAWDDDDDD
Bought TSLA calls 

Bought AMD calls  at the top yesterday 
CITRION CUCKS 

TIME TO COVER PLTR SHARES !!!!
my slot machine is broken
SPCE now and next week. FAA accreditation space flight due from 10th Dec. Looking good
Who upgraded sq???
4 Tsla 600c 12/4 at 2.50 a piece. I...I did something right?! Nani?
Anyone in on NET. Hopefully we see the uptrend to 80 
SQ to $220?
APHA about to break out again!!!
NIO and Tesla are actually retarted
Paper hands and boomers lose again, who would've guessed?
How high does LAZR go
If PLTR can NOT dump at open...I promise i won't be a greedy little fuck boi
Were all pros until were not
Tradings gonna get a lot harder once we dont have a million new retards buying any and everything isnt it?
Throwing 25% of my portfolio on APPL 04DEC calls.
Jobless claims came in at 712 vs 780 expected
I sold a bunch of PLTR puts at the $21 strike set to expire tomorrow. Think Im getting assigned or nah?

Kinda want those shares ngl.
The only reason weed is getting legalized is because the legal distribution businesses are sitting on mountains of cash that the fed wants
NNDM next meme stock
It's not much AAPL, but its honest work
$SQ (+1.6% pre) Evercore ISI analyst Rayna Kumar upgraded Square (SQ) from In Line to Outperform with a price target of $300.00. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/dr/news.php?id=17676844
In  12/18 130c wbu m8
Is Kramer the Kardashian of business?
i wonder what adderall feels like when you dont need it to function
Nio market isnt even open yet lmfaooooootogi
Well shit, sold 565 puts on TSLA exp Friday. Thought I was gonna get some shares yesterday.  Oh well I'll take the cash.
Scoopa-de-poop
PLTR reminded me of deal or no deal... being greedy always ended hilariously wrong
Santa claus must have a dead bedroom

he only comes once a year
CRWD is bout to make me 10k on open - first big win in my 1.5 year career as a WSB autist
Gonna really try today to not buy anything until 11am...  
10:30
AAL
Should I sell half my PLTR to get in at a lower price after the daily open rug pull
Tesla below 580 is a steal. Ya all know its gonna hit 700 in the next two weeks or days
"random prediction" 
BACK TO STIMULUS HOPES  THIS MARKET IS AWESOME LOOOOOOLL
Secure a bag today instead of holding one.

Godspeed brothers.
bought a iPhone 12 so you better go up   
AAPL 
I have both puts and calls for PLTR meaning we flat bois.
CRM boys, this is your captain speaking , get ready to 
Once upon a time I have been long USD 

imagine 
I don't see MEME on the ticker. How do I invest?
So we buying the fuck outta TSLA at open?
PLTR was just refueling these past few days bby!!!! TO THE MOOON BOISS
Wtf is this green color? Ive never seen it before
Cramer CRM pump right on schedule.

Let's go boys
Xpeng downgraded by UBS

https://www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/xpeng-downgraded-at-ubs-as-stock-has-run-up-too-much-to-keep-buying-11607004263
I know my 12/11 $29 PLTR calls purchased last week are fucked, just hoping to regain some of the $
I know it happens everyday.  But  for no opening bell dump.
When a stock is green PM it just makes me more nervous, been done hard by sell offs so many times
Door dash IPO is fucking retarded.
all I ask is that CRSR not fucking tank today, again
The days i buy calls, spx cant even make 10-20 pts. The days i buy puts, the market moons 2%. unlucky.
#####PLTRRRRRRRRrrrRrrRRRRRR
Jesus APHA wrong fucking way
Visiting CNN and CNBC over the portrayal of todays jobs report is night and day.

CNBC: reports that jobs numbers are improving and continuing claims have declined significantly 

CNN: only highlights 712k job losses and tells us how high it is and how we need the stimulus. No mention of previous job losses, improvement week over week or mention of continuing claims.
PLTR you little slut, stop teasing me.
RYCEY RYCEY
THIS IS WHY I DIAMOND HAND MY STO PLTR PUTS, BEARS ARE FUCK
Thread volume this week is too damn low.

Hello survivors
My God Im green at open 

Somethings fucky
obligatory pltr to the moon!!!
Again, don't do anything until 10. RH should just lock you out and make you watch to help you not make stupid decisions.
AAAND CORSAIR RED!!! I GUESS 20 MINUTES WAS TOO OPTIMISTIC!!
FUCK YOU CORSAIR!!!!!!!!
PLTR space ship mode 
PLTR gang again
PLTR looks better in green 
Imagine selling PLTR at open 
Suck my patient PLTR dick baybeeeeee
BABA you beautiful son of a bitch
Pltr Gay bear GET FCK RAW
Ah PLTR where have you been, I've missed you
Well done PLTR holders, lets go to 40
welcome back PLTR. let's do it
RIP to everyone who got played by the PLTR MMs 
Oh, oh, where my PALADINS attttt  
BABA still has a lot of room to go up, dont miss out
I SWEAR PLTR NEW ATH
when is thicc bae gonna 
CRSR... you do you
I would HIGHLY suggest buying as many shares as possible of GME right the fuck now
IV crush hurts 
cmon tesla rents due baby
Due to the fact that I smoke weed everyday I will be going all in on those sweet acb calls
cramer bullish on CRM, boomers getting in
I just need TESLA to reach 600. 600 and I'm taking this bag home
BB dont do this BB
Headlines on CNBC are funny
S&p opens flat
Meantime in WSB-land... and 
Fuck all you gme paper hand pussies
Andrew Left and Shitron, you done fucked up. Never bet against the CIA, you dumb asses!
PLTR, lets go 
I would like to thank Burried, Mr. Musk, and Goldman for paying off a decent chunk of my student loans today 
Thank you for flying PLTR 
If you buy one share of SPY right now, you can move it up 20 cents.
STOCKS ONLY GO UP RETARDS
10k into NIO March $55cs , wish me
Luck retards
thick boy vote at 10:00am and announcement at 11:00am EST. stay tuned.
LAZR to the moon baby 
BA 
\>Get into LAZR

&#x200B;

after its gone up 100%? That's just asking to get burnt
Tesla I liked you a lot more at 595
Oh PLTR I want to be happy but you made me happy once... then took it all away
PLTR!!!! You sassy bitch 
It's safe to say that PLTR is ready to moon again. 

You broke ass bears had your fun for a few days..
GO BABA
PLTR $25 is absolutely doable
Can someone do a PLTR meme Gandalf the grey to white but with PLTR. You Fell. I am PLTR the white. You get the idea. Meme away
Pltr 25 pltr 25 pltr 25
Thanks for buying my TSLA weekly and 2dte puts yesterday, lads. Closed them this morning for an easy paycheck and going to go out for some Alaskan salmon dinner.
That's fine GME and NIO. I don't like money anyways.
I was promised NIO and XPeng tendies 
Lol. Pltr is back to cause pain. Id watch from the side. Thank you
So glad I listened to my gut on PLTR.
the only people who are still holding pltr are autists with calls, so there won't be a boomer selloff
I swear, pltr 40 eom
PLTR 32 EOW!!!!
Lets go pltr only need 30% more by Friday to break even on my call 
PLTR purchase yesterday was worth it
maybe i shouldnt dump 5k a week into weekly options lmao fuck hahaha
i asked if PLTR 12/4 $25c were free money yesterday and you all laughed at me. theyre up 125% today.
Crazy Rich Asians buying the heck outta PLTR rn, CNBC says.
PLTR PLTR 
Pltr just fucked so many calls and puts in a matter of days lmao. Weak hands and fomo a disease.
I cant wait to tell my future kids that I held through the great PLTR selloff of 2020.  Fuck you Citron and Morgan Stanley.  Choke on this dick
Of course I sold PLTR at open and bought NIO
Sold my 12/4 PLTR 29 calls for -60% and you know what I'll take it. It's like getting slapped over being stabbed.
*Checks PLTR*

Looks like shit is back on the table for that guy boys
Once again Citron was wrong. Andrew Left should be prosecuted and banned from trading.

Is it true the Chinese bought PLTR like beasts today? :D
APHA $9 eod
I think I'll buy a canoe
Fly  fly!
I have a funny feeling someone is trying to scare me into selling my TSLA calls so they can steal tendies from future me.
Just once this week I'd like to time something right
If PLTR breaks $27 or so a lot of investors are going to take the opportunity to scratch out.
Why is nobody talking about airlines? Bro there is a vaccine that is months away. Airlines are critical to an economy. They are literally half price pre covid. Do you like free money?
Michael Burrys crazy eye is trying to keep Tesla down
Yo. 

Ive got an image in my head of a couple of bros at an MM saying: 

Bro, lets pump PLTR so we can watch some retard eat his shit!

Bro. Fucking totes. Lets pump this shit to see shit.



Credit to u/zendhelp for putting this thought in my head.
What did we learn last time kids? Take some profits and roll to later strikes and expiries
Just got some spy puts. Preparing to get ass blasted by j pows printer
PLTR ready for launch
Take a GME position?
Someone give me a reason why I shouldnt dump my Thicc right fucking now
Give me ONE GOOD REASON why I should stop buying puts, and not because Im down 98% all time
People are dumping tech to get into weed and stimulus pumps
TSLA...I think we're all ready...let's light the 
Need to get over $600
Bears have gone awfully silent.
**SNOW** and **ZM** valuations proving us as to why this market is retarded.  
  
**SNOW**:  
Was set to IPO at $60  
IPO price was jacked up to $120 with Buffet getting in  
Opened at $240  
And here we are...at $340  
  
What a sick joke for a company with revenues of $159.6 million in the last quarter.
Mitch just said he's dtf with the stimmy! 

Hang on boys we bout to moon!
BA calls have been paying
CRSR what the fuck dude you barely went up
Damn these BA and AAL 06/21 calls i just picked up already really green.
This is the first year I've taken active investing seriously.  It's pretty sad I've made more in 10 months than I've contributed and gained in my 401k over 4 years.
Fuck you AMD. You were the chosen one!
CCL cancels all cruises for the next 10 years....stock shoots to $100 because why not
TSLA wants to moon...i can feel it
Why are more of you not in TSLA still? Free money.
Queen 
the coin is making a run for it. I'll call it right now....we're going right thru that 20k psychological barrier

Yay PLTR did the uppy
Im seeing quite a lot of bullish setups
Hell yeah buying BA peak take that people that will try to get rent from me next month.
Just dumped it all in SPY FD puts.  Good luck
AMAZON IS THE FUCKING WORST OMG I FUCKING HATE MY LIFE 
I'm not so good with this game
I bought blackberry yesterday because so wanted something green in my portfolio and today its the only thing thats red 
Averaging down on this GME dip
PLTR, why are you gay?
There she goes 
Thicc making a move
c,mon GME. only need another $484 per share. mooonnnn
Us AMERIPOORS are fucking pathetic.  Sell at open every day since March or lose your ass.  MM's pump random stocks and sell/pin everything else to fuck options holders. 

Buy before close, sell at open is easily the best strategy.
I've found that the key to options trading is reaching a point where you have no emotional reaction whatsoever to the numbers on the screen. Most people don't last long enough to reach this point.

You want to reach a point where you can earn $50k in a day without getting happy. Then you can finally approach things with a clear and rational mind. And make a lot of fucking money.
No more cash, no more problems 
yesterday -9%

today +5%

I AM A WIZARD
PUY THE PLTR DIP
Why are calls on Apple so cheap and why is the IV so low, is it really that unlikely it will pop?
Good job diamond handing those PLTR puts you greedy bears. Lol 
PLTR: Rev 800mm. Mkt Cap 50 bn.

SNOW: Rev 260mm. Mkt Cap 90 bn.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

hmmmm.....
Guys CRM or BA?
AAPL fly you fool !!
Buffet is facepalming for dumping airlines
PLTR GOOOOOO
fuck me CCL is gonna make me coom, up $500 from a call I bought when it was at $20 yesterday lmao
yeah PLTR is catching a bid right now, I think the correction is over
Today's market is all about how investors see the world next year and beyond: Free from Covid (Airlines, restaurants, non-online retailers pump), where competition amongst the world powers creates a new AI and cybersecurity-driven arms race (CRWD, PLTR, SNOW pump), data becomes the new oil (DDOG, SUMO, ASANA pump), and thus EV's replacing gas guzzlers (TSLA) becomes a nail in the coffin for traditional automakers (GM), who are way too late to the electric party.

Today's bearish, but recovering trades (potential dip buying opportunities):  
\-Anything to do with China (BABA, BIDU, NIO).   
\-Any covid-tech play (ZM, PTON).
LAZR 
CRSR 36-37

PLTR 25-26

Lazr 24

Fuck you BB

Hopefully it ends this way
WOW playing shit other than weeklys is WAY easier to hold and not stress about...
Lmfao there is a 100% chance that David Perdue, the sitting Senator of Georgia, is aware of this sub. 2600 trades PER TERM. And he was doing options. I mean, COME ON.
NIO XPEV sellers are over reacting to the news
upvote if you're retarded
Thicc 
Gamestop EOD $20, rocket is refuelled.
RKT$

MOVED UP 10 cents baby hell yeah
Fuck you Burry! TSLA to the mooon!!
My penis feels extra large today.
PLTR is mooning. Diamond hands paying off
PLTR wet paper hands who took the big fat L yesterday. Hope you feel real stupid.
Holy crap never seen this thread so quiet I can hear my echo. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
Funny how defensive you all get when ppl shit talk palantir
PLTR up 4% premarket. Right back up in your motherfuckin' ass. Nine-five plus four pennies, add that shit up, D.R.E. right back up on top of thangs. Smoke some wit' your Dogg.

PLTR fuckers diamond hand this or you wont see that $30 again
The UK has already approved vaccines because if you look at them, they all kinda look a little retarded already
PLTR bears are fucked, dont mess with Papa Thiel
good luck everyone who is playing stocks increasing in value and wants to see others prosper instead of having their lives destroyed by a stock tanking
PLTR BACK ON SCHEDULE TO 30 EOW
Absolute ghost town this morning. Gonna go nurse my hangover and see how Beckys looking today
I just got my PS5 package I ordered from eBay. It's literally a picture of a PS5 that cost me $1500. 
NIO to the MOON
PLTR bears r fuk
NIO 
Grabbed CRM at 216 yesterday. MOON TIME
PLTR 42 EOW
Knights of PLTR we rise from the ashes 
PLTR bagholders over here celebrating only being down 60% on their calls now lol
AAPL drops literally 25 cents and retards out here posting IS aPpLe gEtTInG DELISTED??? Apple getting destroyed rn 
PLTR pinned under $25 EOW, then blue skies next week. ATH by EOY forsure.
GREAT TIME TO BUY INTO GME 

FUCK THE SHORTS AND FUCK THE 'S
Y'all got anymore of this FOMO?
Its so comfy Im my big bed with my phone in one hand and my wiener in the other and I have CRM calls. Life is good!
NKLA is going up  die wtffffff
Puts on Spotify
is it time to load up on CRM calls yet?
Heres hoping Docu makes a run up to earnings today
There is a bear at me door

he says his name is lester the molester

should I let him in?
I'm feeling a big PLUG play inside me
PLTR regaineth the strength of the tards
Apple you naught naughty u teasing me 
For once I want to yolo TSLA and have a big morning like today. I cant imagine opening my account and seeing it tripled. I cant get over the risk though. The opposite kills you and flat theta fucks you.
Chinese team finished their trip down into the Marianas trench yesterday? SEVEN MILES down. Little fucking submarine went into the dark deep sea down farther than Mt. Everest is tall. Holy fuck. 

Bottom is in boys. Only up from here.

Edit: given me chills thinking about being at the floor with over 35,000 feet above me of water. In a metal tube. These guys have brass Chinese balls.
Futes flatter than half the girls on TikTok
What year do you plan to be a millionaire? Honestly....Im eyeing 2024 at the latest
Everyone is wrapped up in todays memes. Meanwhile, MU is quietly doing its thing.

MU 90c 3/16/21
Mango still only talking about the results and nothing about the stimulus, smh
[this song goes out to all the people who jumped ship from NIO to PLTR, excellent choice boys](https://youtu.be/0hiUuL5uTKc)
Explain to me how doing puts on TSLA after the print price for S&P inclusion is set does not equate to free money. That shit is going to drop 10% immediately. Short term, obviously.
Right on que fauci here to sink the fucking market
*U.S.-Based Employers Announced 64,797 Job Cuts in November, Up 45.4% vs Year-Ago -- Challenger Gray

Let's watch the market burn
I had a very specific dream about being in the 92 Atlanta Centennial Park bombing. Weird.
Thoughts on APHA today
No stimulus, more unemployed.
In other words, it's gonna be a typical Thursday. Business as usual.
Thinking of taking tsla calls today 640c suggestions?
TSLA gang...get suited up.  We rocketing at open. 
Where are all the burry sheep at? Daddy burry deleted his tsla tweet and left ya there naked with your small pp in hand.
Does this mean my $40 01/15 PLTR calls arent dead...?
Ok  reach ATH plz
Anyone else get cucked on their Tesla weeklys? I sold 565 yesterday for +3k and felt pretty good looking like I missed out on 20k at least
There are hours of the day before market open? Huh... guess I should get up early more
If PLTR is going to go for new highs its going to be Monday or early next week.  Weekly options are expiring on Friday which keeps the stock from going up a lot.  Support in PLTR is at 22.
20 people will share the powerball jackpot in South Africa after the numbers 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, are drawn.
Tesla 620 eod cmon baby 
Is APHA seriously going to have another Green Day?
We are fucking MOONING today my friends :) SPY about to take off to 370 by open - 374-375 by close
Looking into a certain Nugget that's Golden. It's trending number one on a certain Twitter of Stocks. The ticker starts with an L and ends with an A with a C between them.
L T R **P**

T R P **L** 

R P L **T** 

**P L** **T** **R**
Where do you guys go for actual stock advice? We're always talking about the same 5 companies here.
Why the FUCK is NKLA up?
Futures green Becusse of vaccine and stimulus. Something that is the headlines every day.
CRSR primed to bounce back any time. Numerous analyst price upgrades. Still has a cheap market cap compared to its "competitors". You guys were too blinded by Pltr to see it the first time and your about to miss it again
Is this my moment!?  I have $36k in TSLA calls ranging from 12/11 through 01/14 and strike between $580 and $610...  Am I gonna be green today!?  Tears of joy!
DOCU gapping up today before ER would be lovely
Were not going to tank until the dollar hits a support that it feels good at like 90.5 or even the three year lows at 89~88
Once the dollar begins to rally the market will see a pretty large tank IMO 
But until then well continue to slowly grind up or stay relatively flat
To take profit on Tesla in the AM or not is gonna be tough 
$10k in NIO March calls at open fuck it
Sometimes this place feels like a mens locker room. Ive heard of lady autists, but I dont think they exist.
Bulls needed this
Please jobless claims HAVE NO EFFECT TODAY papa elon doesnt like to be disturbed when he is working.
Dang. Woke up hoping futures would be exciting. Nope. At least natural gas is having some fun.
How do you retards plan to lose money today?
quit cock teasing NIO and just go green already
SQ UPGRADE TO $300! 
AAPL eod predictions?
tsla calls or nio calls today? Which one are you guys fomoing into?
Checks Irish stock exchange , spits out coffee !
Dec 2020 is month of 

2021 is year of 
Life is a war and time is your only weapon
Allright, which of you retards held Tesla puts overnight?
Guess that house vote didnt kill nio......lets goooo
I demand 600 by open
TSLA + S&P500 = Pump or dump
GMHI -> LAZR $$$$
Come on CRM lets do it
Xpeng and NIO price target upgrades btw thats why its gunna moon just FYI institutions already know
What time is the THICC BAE proxy vote?
Futures barely moved to the jobless claims data wtf
Lazr baby! On a rocket. To the moon
Did splunk decide to visit a cave?
Whose buying BA at open for a hold
LAZR
Why USD always tanking. Your stocks are great but this FX shit is awful! 
Time to exit Tesla. Shits gonna be too wild for me these next few weeks
Up 1.5% on this week. Making major money moves. See you losers in a gain post. 
I'm hoping this mini PLTR pump triggers some FOMO and dip buyers to push us back up to the 25 range. My calls are still fucked and I wish I bought more shares at the bottom. But gains are gains
Imagine being a bear.
Doing some serious deep technical anal with my homeboys this morning
Imagine buying puts and not selling on a -15% day
Crm 
Burry deleted all his tweets?
Goldman Sachs TSLA PT of 780 too low IMO.
BA is ending the week above $240
What Appl c do I buy at open
Alright you bunch of addy munching fucktards. Whats the play today?
Hold my nio $50 calls 12/4?
What idiots are selling off Tesla
If spy is flat all day Im banning wsb from Reddit. It is what it is
pltr ripper
Carry me to tendie town Elon and Goldman  I'm holding these 12/24 600c til we are at 650
Dude how the FUCK are we feeling about NIO ?!
TIL a collection of Surpeme t shirts is worth more than my portfolio
CRM and SQ looking like they going to moon today
Guys MU 90c is back on the table.

Fuck all those meme stock time for the OG.

Also F in the chat for Marty.
Nothing is red... this a bull trap?
WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT GOPRO HUH
For fucks sake amazon

Why cant you go up

lol my dumbass bought pltr put in the afternoon yesterday.  I should have bought calls.
GME is gonna do a thing today. just watch that its gonna be cool i think
Where is the fucking volume
BABA to the fukin moon today
Everyone is in on TSLA today, right??
Weed Stonks pop off in the am
https://www.thestreet.com/.amp-apple/apple/news/why-wall-street-is-warming-up-to-apple

190 target, 50% upside...big money behind AAPL
CRM BOIZ??
ACB calls looking good still. Gonna be at least $15 by tomorrow after the vote
Why did you all buy tons of calls on PLTR and NIO.
Fuck you Mike Burry.  - Elon and Goldman Sachs
CRM WAS OBVIOUS BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Weed stock
Good thing I'm Chad and based and red pilled and bought the dip yesterday.
WEED vote probably getting pushed to today, lazy fucks couldnt get it on the floor yesterday, still time for a run up

ACB and APHA ready to  
Wake up Marty. Micron 70 is real.
**AAPL** and **RAD** weekly FDs at open, my body is rdy
What i dont understand is how NKLA is not sub 10 yet
Pltr 
I fucking hate pltr
Go pltr
[PLTR THRUSTERS ARE A GO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bDD914rahc&ab_channel=valcono1)
Come on Palantir, come on, you can do it baby, make citron capitulate
Apple Bulls, hold the line
PLTRRRRR TENDIES!
Here I go memeing PLTR again
PLTR 12/4 40CCCCC
PLTR!!!! Cant stop wont stop. Bad boy babyyyy
Oh GME.... why do you have to be like this? Join your friends in the skies
how I miss those 10% TSLA days
Return of the PLTR
Tesla lets show them what you got
HOLY FUCK BA saving me today
APHA whatchu doing BB Im tryna be rich here
Best strat is selling  in premarket and buying back at open daily.
Robinhood telling me I have an account deficit of $0.00 and I can't make trades. Very cool.
Tesla lets break that 600 wall
MY BOY TSLA GONNA RUN TODAY!
TSLA putting the burners on
APHA what the fuck
Last chance to get in PLTR
HAHA NIO  with the bear bait
Buy that apple dip
Theta day. Sure looks like it..
Apple baby pls
PLTR  cannot be doing this
???
GME wrong way buddy
BABA please keep the dildos up
GIVE US TSLA 600
PLTR  
I am not jacking off to PLTR. Not yet at least. Also fuck you BB you dumb bitch
Will pltr moon today 
Can we get a show of hands on those who FOMOd into PLTR just now?
LAZR  
weed bill: Mores Act passed in the Rules committee of the House : sundial growers go boom 
CRSR GANG
CRM thoughts?
BA fam
Let's be honest, if we all just dumped our money into SPY LEAPs and nothing else, we'd be in a much better position.
 fake dump
There's no concept of market cap in the subreddit. Expecting apple and tesla to make 5 percent jumps like it's nothing and getting upset when it doesn't happen.
I deserve to be fucked for paper-handing TSLA.
Buy the NIO dip?
Hope u guys held/bought BABA
PFE why the sell off!!
You guys all bought pltr puts didnt you, you bisexuals
I'm going to buy stocks
Pfe the only stock that plunge when theres good news
Alright Tesla do one of those 10% up days youve proven to love so much.
Lets hear it bois BABA BABA BABA
Hope you fags bought the PLTR dip, NO BRAKES ON THIS TRAIN WHOOO WHOOOO!!!!!!!!
IN NIO WE TRUST
God damnit AMD!
I called the bottom yesterday before close $pltr
Why the fuck wont  die?
"Shaking out the weak hands" and other lies you tell yourself when you're down 40%
Tsla needs to break that 600 barrier.
$CCL hittin nice stride
Im in ith on tsla, pltr, AMD and salesforce
PLease TSLA Break the 600 barrier.
Looks like pltr is back on the menu boys 
Wrong way my  friend
If you didnt buy PLTR talk to me I am doing research on your specimen
lets just get pltr to big bucks and we go back to bed
Buy the GME dip before its too late! 
Put on your big boy pants and buy PLTR 12/11 40c
PLTR $50c
despite our differences, PLTR 10% days are what I normally expect, up or down
Unironically BUY PLTR
buy pltr now!!!!
 !!! PLTR !!! 
Okay CRSR you got my curiosity
GME green EOD believe
Pltr heard every single one of you  
Imagine thinking manipulators can keep PLTR down.
when thicc bee moon
APHA preparing for liftoff
I bought the PLTR dip but also sold a 26C covered call expiring 12/4, which will probably be assigned. Oh well, a $7k profit over two days isn't horrible!
PLTTTTRRRRR
Its okay NIO you can go lower 
How high for PLTR by EOW?
Theres gonna be heavy PLTR resistance at $25, but once we break through we should 
So many wash sales this year. My taxes r fuk
PLTR bipolar as fuck

big happy or big sad , jesus
All I want for Christmas is a stimulus package 
yo apple, fucking move
idk what the move is anymore, wake me up when market is on easy mode again
Just picked up some DKNG LEAPS
Palantir god bles
25 broke, next stop !
Which PLTR calls?
I only lose money. I'm truly a retard... a poor, luckless, meaningless retard.
CCL cancels more shit and moons, come on I want a good entry
Literally just buy SPY calls on dips / red days
Up 12%, down 12%, up 12%.

Pick a damn direction.
PLTR do your thang bears r fukt 
Fuck, there were way more people still bag holding PLTR than I expected...
Why is PLTR going up so high with volume too low? $30c 12/18.   $39c 12/24. I just dont want my heart broken again.....
PLTR? yeah he's a cool guy. My best friend, actually
AINT NO BRAKES ON THE PLTR 
GME GREEN EOD LETS GET IT BOYS
# wtf is going on today lmao
I held my PLTR. 12/31 $27, and $28c, not because I had diamond hands but because they were heading to worthless. 

But NOW so I diamond hand.....
PLTR new wall 25.40. Once we break that my TA says we wont be stopped until 69.40
Holy shit PLTR blew right past resistance at 25 
I hope you pussies picked up some $PLTR during the dip 
switched from puts to calls this morning. SO THAT'S WHAT IT FEELS TO BE A BULL !?!
Tuscan Raiders how we feeling?
Think about how much money you could make if you just could see into the future by like 10 minutes.
Its cool. I'll start over in 2 months. It's been real guys.
Rolls Royce <3
Jumped back in PLTR this morning. Already up on my Mar/May calls. Would have been a better purchase yesterday but it really looked like left could drag it to $20
My gme theory is that Monday hedges cover there position to raise premiums for weekly put options. After it theta decays on Friday due to sideways trading.  Evil
fucking called it - AAL 12/31 16.5c gang gang - 200k gain over a week
PLTR pump and dump or is this something real?
Still think NIO is the long term play
$ROPE. SPY puts have ended my account for the year.
LOL, Goldman $780 Price Target on TSLA
Wanna watch me go broke?  *buys puts* Wanna watch me do it again?
So now palantir wants to rally
GME hands looking very strong. Shorters must be starting to sweat that Dec 8 earnings...
Theta gang to use proceeds to buy risky options, one of my favorite things in life.
I hope CRM leaps pay off
I swear some of my best plays are me getting distracted and not opening RH for a while 
Alright guys I bought gamestop shares are you proud of me
Hello, Plalanteers? After some brief turbulence we may now resume our mission to the moon
How many people quit options this week
So I'm starting to notice this pattern:

Early June - VIX starts rising contradictory with SPY. Within a week, massive dump.

Early September (3 months later) - VIX starts rising, while SPY cranks up, BIG dump a few days later.

Now, we're 3 months on from the Sept. dump, and this week VIX/VXX has started flattening out/rising while SPY is up.

 I'm loading up on some VXX calls with 1-2 week out expiration. Also, short dated SPY calls, since the last 2 times this happened, SPY rose for several days with VIX. This could be nothing, but it's something to be aware of.
 Lmao when Apple drops I just load up more calls, if youre bear on apple it just means you fucking dumb
You think stocks have feelings?
Only made $85 today  see ya tomorrow when the cash account settled 
Someone explain why I should buy LAZR?
*does nothing*

We can do this
NIO XPEV over sold. buy the dips
SPY up only 10% in the last month, seems kinda  lets moon!
No, GME, no!
What spy puts to get for maximum tendies
PLTR gone ...next Aapl and Amzn
 God  your a piece of shit, I shouldve just invested more in APT
Cmon NIO and XPEV. Dont be shy. Open your Chinese wings and fly to the moon. 
Not gonna lie, I needed to see PLTR up, even if it is only for a couple hours.
TSLA ABOUT TO TAKE OFF
Apple and AMD burning weeklies 
Straight surfin on these PLTR waves
Following up on my previous post today discussing SRNE, we're YOLO-ing $8.50c for tomorrow that cost $10 each.  On the chance they drop any of the PRs we're expecting, a spike similar to what happened last week means a one-day \~700% gain.  Fairly large upside for a $10 bet...
vegeta super saiyan hair pattern on PLTR

>!bullish!<
LAZR sensors for autonomous vehicles systems that everyone outside of TSLA will need. Les go.
Whys AAPL so shit? Cant have a green day without dipping red
STIMULUS TALKS GOING WELL AGAIN LMFAOOO I LOVE THIS MARKET 
thank god BABA keep going up
Boomers in Lambos

Tech in Shambos
NVDA YOU PIECE OF SHIT, DO SOMETHING!!!!!!!!!!!!
> Paul Tudor Jones sees 'massive boom' after COVID-19 vaccine gets released



I don't know who this guy is, but I know you guys listen to nobodies. So, BUY!
LAZR 25eod pew pew pew 
I'm what the French call Palantarded 
Ba is at 239 lol
I sold ZS back at $65. AMA
Red days are illegal
ICLN went from the easiest money made ever to full autismo
And this is the moment where you switch to SPY puts to gain a quick 20% on your account for a day trade. You're welcome in advance.
My big holdings in RKT and AMZN just sitting there like a flaccid penis
What time is mango congratulating S&P for record high?
NIO XPEV buying opportunies
Who the fuck is selling PFE right now?
When is the t h c  extension vote?
Ryanair to purchase 75 Boeing's 737 MAX


Ryanair DAC has reached an agreement with Boeing Co. to buy 75 of the manufacturer's 737 MAX planes, the companies announced on Thursday.

This is driving Boeing and Dow

First order for Boeing
CRSR gang what we thinking?
Man bit the bullet and took a fat L on my CRSR calls:/ whats next boyz
Someone explain Warren Buffet's logic. He sold Delta for billions in losses and ignored his buy and hold for forever philosophy. All he had to do was wait 9 months for the vaccine pump for DAL to start a full swing recovery.
Rejoining BABA gang Jan 15 270 C
Software, cybersecurity, cloud plays in vogue: CRWD, PLTR, SNOW having a great time.
Double apple bottom boots with the fur on AMD?
my pltr call was worth 10 earlier this week, should i sell at 40?
How much juice do GME short sellers have left?
PLTR bears, give me back by 21p 12/4 for 0.01 already, you know theyre worthless and i need to sell more puts
In these troubled times, investors begin to rotate to traditional safe havens like NKLA.
So like are airlines and cruiselines out of the COVID grave for good at this point?
Bezos wtf is good
AAPL SO TRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AAPL GUH
apple just FUCKED me hard in the ass
This popcorn kernel stuck in my gums is freaking me the fuck out
I love when SPY goes up and megacap tech doesn't do fucking anything

Then SPY goes down and megacap tech straight drills 5x harder.

Fucking stupid...
Holding these 12/31 AAPL 120c to the pits of hell if I have to
CRSR and PLTR are the safe havens today
i went from best day of the month to worst day of the month in 1 hour
Thanks for the nice loss today, Tim. Appreciate it.
Pltr 
Lol double dip recession? Airlines, cruises and BA don't give a shit about that. 

We going back to ATH!
Things are not going my way
I am totally not having a good time anymore 
GME holding 16 strong
dollar bottomed at 90.5 as I said it would and now it's time for the market to stop being constipated and let out that big shit it's been holding in for 2 weeks
these ath just mean flat ass days. just crash the market and start over please
What we thinking about LAZR?
Buy the APHA dip?
JD making mountains. 

Also, fuck Reddit mods
can tsla just go over 600 already
Did Pfizer forget they made a Covid vaccine? Because the other stocks that also made one are printing, Pfizer is being a fuck.
The Green Bay Packers need to list themselves on the market if theyre forreal forreal about their shareholders lol
All aboard THC B before it leaves the station. Deadline extension vote about to be announced. And with LOI on the table this could get a finalized deal soon.
OH MY GOD CAN IT BE? YES!! YES IT IS!! ITS SPY RUNNING IN WITH THE METAL CHAIR!
PLTR is so lame
CRSR getting ready for that proverbial launch
Best notification but also most bittersweet notification DAL UP 5% today 

Why? I have hella shares. But I had LEAPS that I pussy handed for a 40% gain. Id be up 500% now if I held them
Okay puts time approaching
All major indices at ATH and VXX/VIX the lowest they've been since the crash.  everything is fine 
This is the most manipulated game Ive seen in my life
I repeat, do not get spy puts yet, I repeat do not get spy puts yet. Wait till 369-370 
Thanks me later
Need a play to turn 9k into 36k
Bababooey
Holy shit etrade is garbage
Iiiiii cryyyyy. When AAPL deserves to flyyy
Spy go up... VXX go up? This is the way.
Fucking MMs pinning 
1,538 shares of gme at 16.05 

Plan on adding another 1,500 shares more next Wednesday unless it takes off by then 

Wish me luck
Buy itm weed weeklies, sell at open tomorrow
PLTR for president?
NIO XPEV PLTR buy the dips
CRSR 
Yall ever sell your 3-6 month calls within an hour of buying them? My RTX calls already made a pretty profit. Thinking of just selling already despite having four months left.
hold pltr?
Did it happen????? 
This shit is depressing. I wish o could go back to a month ago before I did this shit.
AMD literally erased all of yesterdays gains and my calls are looking like nate robinson rn
How high can PLTR go today? Up 15%? 20%?
Every time Morgan Stanley shits on PLTR the stock runs up the score by 40% - 60%
I think GME is done dumping.
PLTR  
\*arise chicken, arise, chicken arise\*

[https://youtu.be/nxDxHawL56A](https://youtu.be/nxDxHawL56A)
nio wrong fucken way
My free RH share TROX went from like $4 to $14. Its outperforming me lol
Holy who just shit on NIO in the last minute
NIO pls
Don't be shy TSLA...we get over that ~$590 wall and we rocket up from there.
CCL going off?
Imagine being a bear
Nikola youre just a walking dead at this point, just drop dead already bruhhhh
Apple going green
---->?
Which one of you fucks bought CCL calls cause now its dipping
Just bought 10 APHA 12/4 $9 calls
AMD JUST GOT UPGRADE
Is Pltr bout to fuck 25
The  is going to separate the boys from men and the broke from temporarily not broke
The lesson of cruises today is if you make decisions based on fundamentals youre a fucking moron.
TSLA finna print today. 594 premarket. 700 EOD. 
What's 50 grand to a muhfucka like me,
can you please remind me?
Ball so hard, this shit crazy. 
Big drop incoming, nasdaq already giving up, spy will follow, park you money in safe haven stocks like NIO and PLTR.
#TESLA IS FIRST
Morning Gents!

Slept like 14 hours. Should be the most well rested man on the planet. 
Im not. 

Watched IT Chapter 2 before bed and 
felt little  crawling under my sheets and tickling my toes like the sadists they are. 

**I woke up seeking revenge.**


#SPY 369
TSLA is clearing 600 today, I can feel it.
Im a successful options trader
PLTR Calls 
Futures doing all this, just to drill at open, and take all day to pump back to flat with one or three stocks that will somehow have a crazy fucking +10-20% rally.
Oh my. Aapl has finally broke through my average cost. .22% after holding these shares for months.
These bears talking shit like they know what the fucking deal is. I hope today shakes 'em out of their shoes so they'll finally shut the fuck up.

TSLA 630 EOD.
PLTR is going to pop in pre market before it falls off a cliff again, huh?
AAPL BOTTOM JEENS
P-PALANTURRRR
Unemployment can be a lot lower if the unemployed download Robinhood....
PLTR major squeeze is coming.
what do we want : MARKET OPEN  
when do we want it: NOW!
NIO 55 eod EASY
Imagine trying to cuck a stock that went up 150% in a month because it went down 25% in a week. 

POS: 
Ill be back in pltr at $20 guys
Can PLTR even break 25 today lol
Which idiot didn't buy the PLTR dip?????
PLTR 25 lets go you retards
I am simple man. 

I see comment align with my positions, I upvote. 

I see comment which contradicts my positions, I downvote and reply Ban.
PLTR shook the weak hands out
Just stop fucking selling GME and the price will rocket - simple as that
The $PLTR rocket has been refueled. 

$PLTR $50 EOY
Between AOC's horseface and my horsecock our offspring would look like seabiscuit
PLTR always does good pre-market. Not a sign of anything tbh
Upvote= Today is a Bullish day
Downvote= Gay bears 

Choose wisely
TSLA and PLTR to MARS TODAY!!!
S/o Goldman Sachs for that Tesla upgrade together we can fuck Michael bury
pltr to the moon
Lets pray for CRSR and PLTR to go green AND stay green. Very important 
If TSLA dips Im in
Oh hey I'm back with a prison tattoo sweet
Margin is literally free money.
Any  news yet?
$PLTR 
PLTRRRRRRR lets go bitches
Harder, PLTR, HARDERRRR!!!
BREAKING NEWS: Bulls are bullish. Bears are bullish.
YES PLTR COME ON 25 25 25 25
Dude holy fuck PLTR set the time machine to -1 week lmfaooooo
PLTR breaks 25 theres nothing stopping it
PLTR - All aboard. I know a rocket ship when I see one.   
PLTR 30 EOD!!
PLTR I love you
Those who bought PLTR puts abs laughing at call holders just got their ass handed to them
[deleted]
#PALANTARS UNITE, PALANTARDS TOGETHER STRONG 
Imagine panic selling your PLTR calls. You have no faith in the all seeing orb 
So the  vote happened today, it went through and absolutely 0 pump that I was promised. Colour me disappointed
PLTR volume just keeps coming imma let yall keep talking
You are not immune to propaganda 

You are not immune to propaganda

You are not immune to propaganda
CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES CACELS MORE VOYAGES IN 2021 

>ccl +9.55%
Tesla $600 is on my wishlist this Christmas make it happen Papa Musk
So do I sell my PLTR calls at open for an 80% loss instead of a 90% loss?
Hope my msft 200c 3/20 prints
What you guys want for Christmas?  I want a new bike and AAPL 150 EOY.
Reminder that any day that GME doesn't go down is a good day. 1 more day of interest accumulated.
I want to start my "workday" already. Open the markets and get it over with
$CRM 
Bought NIU at open yesterday. Best thing I've done in a while. Even if the new law passes they are already adjusted for it. Great future ahead!
So are the trading days back to how they were a few weeks ago with stimulus talks going well vs no deal and we see the market plummet intraday? Smh
Thinking of putting pants on and getting a Bob from whataburger. What are you early bird tards doing?
My friend was telling me about how his sisters boyfriend told his family about Palantier on thanksgiving. The boyfriend went in on FDs and apparently has gotten clapped since. Thank tucking god
Had a dream I saw an PLTN BIKE.

like an iBike or something
Chances of AMZN announcing stock split soon? Its only 1.6 trillion market cap. A split announcement would give it an aapl/TSLA like run.
The wind is blowing so hard in San Diego. I think the Coronavirus has evolved.
for anyone wonder why BABA gapped up in PM, "Alibaba (BABA) subsidiary Cainiao is in talks with Chinese vaccine makers and other international organizations over possible logistics cooperation for COVID-19 vaccines"
I dont understand BABA  lol ... Stays down because Congress may have bad news, then Congress delivers the bad news and it goes up
EVs gaping up 2day 
If AMZN is flat again today Ill fucking kill myself
AMD pump again?
So we thinking a 20% day for Tesla? That would be cool....
Is aapl going to be a good boy today?
Quick without googling,  what does PLTR actually do?
Due Diligence? Nah, im talking about Dude Diligence...
nio buying opportunity
AAL flying today
GME on the 8th 
Ok but why delete the tweet?

Now that's the story
Dont talk to me or my PFE $60 Calls ever again
Stim talks and jobless claims will set the stage today. Yesterday I got into TSLA 600c 12/4, BA 250c 12/18, NET 80c 01/15 and NIO 45c 12/18 
Does MSFT just suck balls now or am I an idiot for having faith in it?
Ah I fucking love sq
i am firing my lazr right at the moon boyos
Elon, GS, and Burry ran game on the market to make a mountain of tendies? I'm just asking questions.
Thoughts on LGVW?
So Im guessing TSLA 10am dip to sell overnight pump then moon mission to 630 EOD probably
Alexa play Fairytale of New York by the pogues
All right Tesla break 600 and stay up there you b****
I've got 5k to invest. What do I do?

Edit: bought some baba calls. I'm a pussy I hate buying at ath
LOW VOLUME THREAD
tHiicCCCcC bbeEeez 
Holy fuck I knew $LAZR was free money but I didnt think it would be that easy. My 5/21 25c gonna print at 9:30
this sideways Premarket PLTR is scaring me soldiers 
s-b-e to the moon
My pleb mind saw PLTR as LOTR and when I gambled all I got was Frodo T. Baggins
Its sad how much I look forward to the opening bell
Jobless claims gonna pump regardless of the print
Alright boys you gonna ride the Tesla train to the top? Or you gonna puss out on your chance to make big money? It's going to $750. GET HYPE
paltards sippin cappuccinos with they pinkies up
Looks like all aboard the pain train again today
EOD TSLA prediction?????
Lets go NIO!
TSLA another rise possible between now and 21st Dec. Thinking of buying in
God damnit silver chill out let me sell my calls first.
Lets go pltr
Iceman to PLTR: Youre everyones problem. Thats because every time your price increases, youre unsafe. I dont like you because youre dangerous.
Xpev 60c expiring tomorrow and 65c for 1/15
Guys dont forget about CRM. Already bouncing back  itll hit 250 again very soon.
https://twitter.com/LizAnnSonders/status/1334109507711078402

"Options are a pros game"

We made it retards
GME to Squeeze, loaded it up.

PFE to go up a bit, buying after the initial morning pop.

BB to open up then slowly go down, selling ASAP.

ACB to grow through the day, I have a few thousand in shares so hopefully sell green this afternoon or tomorrow opening.
When they go high we get high
To do today: look for more spy calls, VALE leaps, GME 04/21s, PLTR 05/21s, a TSLA swing, think about getting back into gold miners, add a little bit more to GBTC position.
I need an anime exactly like food wars. But options instead of food.
Apple calls at open, looking to fill the gap to $130.
Thinking about going deep into VTI/VXUS/BND 
Still without heat those fucking boomers have call answering services and cant get a god damn heater fixer person out to the damn cape 

5 28c PLTR 2 49c NIO save my fucking 12/4 and 12/11 calls
My paper hands cost me a lot of money in BA and QS
we holding or selling our TSLA calls @ open? ima listen to u autists
Get in on PSTH until its too late boys
APHA breaks 9 today?
Tim Apple, Alex Palantir, and Ryan GameStop bring me tendies today!!   
CRM let's goooo. I bought calls too far out tho.
Been eating dog treats instead of granola for breakfast. CHWY 80C
Imagine being a europoor and being like "yeah mate let me get some of them negative yield bonds, I don't think I can do better than -0.4% growth"
Market not budging either way. Real 
Buy CRM before its too late
Lmfao plz Elon dont lose your gains before the bell even!!!
Wtf Tesla stop it
Could use a few 8% days out of baba
whats everyones moves today? need some ideas; im thinking CRM SQ ICLN CHWY leaps
Let's all pretend these dollars aren't slowly becoming worthless. 

*Your ticker* \+300%
$NET starts its round of conference presentations todday. jeffries next week

great way to ride the OKTA and CRWD earnings - lets moon all cyber
Sell NIO at peak of early hours then rebuy at dip or is that not happening you think?
Spy 390c 28 dec, you heard it here first.
Shares or options for LAZR, what are yalls thoughts or wait for a dip?
I can't even believe NIO movement yesterday. Intraday went up around 25%.
Green day
Tsla dip buy this am.  Works till it doesnt
We getting 370 SPY today my friends - market is just waiting for open to pump the absolute shit out of it to a new all time high
9:00 hits and spy decides its time to work
What FCEL gonna do?
Project Pat - You know the biss
NIO isnt gonna dip today, is it?
I think the old meme stock SPCE has made me more profit than PLTR, got in with 1500 shares at $19.50, lets see if SPCE can race PLTR to $30.
Revved up like a douche in the rumor of the night some silicon sister
How high is TSLA closing EOM?
When we can trade roblox ?
We need the stimulus
Come on NIO! Trying to at least break even so I can buy my girl some nice shit so she can find someone else to be with  

Edit: yes you cucks I bought at the top
NIO hold?
Anyone looking to panic buy some Tesla calls?
DKNG.....you piece of shit.

Good thing I figured youd be a piece of shit, and bought puts.
AMD baby. I love you lisa su.
Psth.  I put 5k following mattress man
Back in BABA
SQ and CRM today for me; anyone playing CHWY earnings? wonderign what strike n exp
When does US vote on airline stimulus? Can't find a date or time anywhere.
WFC cracking 29...
Guys what price would TSLA be trading at if Elon didnt fix his hairline?

GOOG Elon Musk PYPL for reference
Spce $30 EOD!
Whenever the next stimulus goes through what stonks will make the biggest moves? Cruise lines ? Airlines?  Different area?
Baaaading dong dong ding ding ding wawk wawk baaaadaaa baaaadaaaa beeboo beebo doink doink YOU GOT MAIL. Only 90s kids will know
ELON WE NEED MORE PUMP
Weed stonks on the edge of their seat
We holding Tesla or waiting for a break?
There is no souffl in this dojo
i know it always dumps at open but i'm thinking of holding my 605 4/12 TSLA calls until later
Finally taking UVXY off my watchlist. Never happening.
My zm puts are fooked. I always lose with this company.
sigh Corsair pls end in green today 
V4LE HITTING $17 TODAY HOP ON THE SHIP TO VALHALLA 
CRM 12/31 250C exit strategy? sell some today from FOMO buy ins or hold
where are all the bears that had so much to say yesterday???
aapl 125$ 
BB gon die now?
CRSR going for the Mt. Everest pattern.
Saying this 3rd day in a row - I expect a rally in FAANG + MSFT/INTC stocks to catch up with others. Coin is also pointing upward. I suggest buying tech calls for next Friday (or for Jan) for mega cap. +5% strike from current for weekly, +10% for monthly option. Watch VIX carefully if things are to change along the way.
CRWD for the win
 time to ride the bull
Pls no dump MMs PLEASE GIVE US THE BIG GREEN DILDO WE LUST FOR IT
Let's launch this TSLA rocket.....let's **GOOO**
Should I hold GME??
Fomoing into PLTR calls again at open. I think I'm finally ready to be hurt again.
Wrong way GME
https://www.marketwatch.com/articles/nikola-fuel-cell-supplier-bosch-sells-stock-as-lockup-ends-51606999860?mod=mw_quote_news

Bosch selling 4 million NKLA shares 
Pltr crash to 20 at open. Lmao
WHAT IS YOUR FUCKING $APHA POSITION
Holy PLTR
AMZN let's gooooo
Wrong way AMD goddammit
Bezos finally
Holy shit. Is my monitor upside down, or is CRSR actually going..... up????
JD rising
My only regret is that I was too poor to have bought more Tesla calls.
pltr and nio 
The market only goes up. The country is on fire with covid, 2-3 thousand people are dying a day, my hospital is drowning in covid, everyone with cash is spending it on Chinese crap on Amazon, but the market only goes up. Ok. - Exasperated bear
PLTR finally launching 
Ironically enough Nio is digging it's way back to china.
LETS GO SQ
Where are my GME and PLUG bulls?
Pltr consolidation complete. Mission control rdy for 
Damn what a rug pull
BA should change their ticket to BRRRRRR
NIO said, "Now watch this nose dive"
pltr come back to me please. i dont like when we fight
PLTR to the fkn moon boys
What if the market just stagnates and SPY trades in the 360s for 5 years?
NIO calls now
I keep trying with Corsair. I can scalp about few hundred dollars but I want to have a day like NIO did yesterday. It wont happen but if it hits 28.90 we could see some good demand
CRSR GANG RISE UP
How far down is CRM gonna go before it rebounds???
Paper hands will offload their PLTR calls so quick but NOT ME. Im ready to get my heart broken again
Spy 370 today??? PLEASE.
daily aapl morning dip
BABA is back! Daddyyyy
Come on CCL! You can crack $22!!!

Lets keep on cruisin!
Buy calls on these morning dips!
Oh boy have I missed this. PLTR 
So glad I bought the dip on PLTR yesterday, fucking right.
 messing everything up
If everyone is selling nio to buy TSLA, I'm ok with that
thank you pltr
damn shawty... it must hurt to be a PLTR bear right about now
Whenever youre ready CRSR
PLTR is free money
bears r fuk please buy more PLTR puts you retards
BA BA BA this ticker not for 
Any PLTR spike is a GIFT to bag holders.  Cut your loses.
BABA BABA BABA
Its almost like the no volume on GME is because news is coming or something...
[GME limit orders are in. HOLD THE FORT](https://imgur.com/a/0y9akus)
Got a boner
Well boys, I was kinda hoping for another red morning to pick up more PLTR at 20. We'll see how the rest of the day goes.
PLTR i'm cumming
PLTR$ 
I am naming my kids Elon & Alex
All those people telling all the PLTR traders i SaW tHiS cOmInG *in hindsight* yesterday are resorting to downvoting every post. I can see the tears.
12/4 pltr and nio calls....peak autism.
BABA 
CRSR gang back to 40
TSLA is looking like a +7% rocket today
CRSR RIPPING
my dog just shorted pltr
CRWD! Thats what I like to see
Okay I wimped out and sold my 600c at 593. Hope it moons for everyone else with diamond hands! I am finally back to profit all time
LOL @ the NIO premiums. $8 for a Jan. Uhhh
BRK.B will dip more or buy in?
Baba gang we eating
BABA gamble paying off
Lol GME, I want to buy the dip but Im afraid its going to keep dipping today
If youre portfolio is down today i dont want to talk to you because you obv. dont have memes
Come on TSLA
NNDM get used to the name
If you know the volume PLTR does you know its literally just opening its eyes now... we about to moon 
im red on all these fucking spacs i was told to buy (APHA, PSTH and the bee). Im still holding but guh
EUPHORIC!
my CHWY call holders what strike n exp we grabbing
V neck is back in style for apha
Borrow fees rising in order to short GME. If we can keep soaking up a greater percentage of the float, we will start shooting upwards
Someone is not done loading Apple calls
GME can suck my dick
SNOW is straight up not worth this much but again the system beats me.  Stonks only go up, etc
Where are all the people who bought puts on our sweet PLTR?  You lost faith!
Fk . Always cuckteasing.
 about to go red
think its worth buying nio calls now?
IT'S HAPPENING!!!

**CCL $22 INCOMING**

Not too late to get in, gents.
CRSR to $40
In options you want to move the bags as fast as possible not get stuck holding the bags the only DD I have today
s losing that honey energy
It's called PEAK autism because you buy the TOP. Don't overthink it
Big money continuing to move into SRNE today.  6500 Jan $10 calls were purchased yesterday.

By way of relevant update, by Monday and Wednesday next week, respectively, is the FDA's deadline to approve their 2 newest clinical trials.

Monday is for the most potent anti-COVID antibody on the planet (which is why DARPA last week gave them $34 million to work on it for another project), and Wednesday is for the antibody in nasal drop formulation.

By way of illustrative example, the phase 1 trial for what I just called "the most potent anti-COVID antibody on the planet" literally consists of only 2 people.  This is real.

Want to change the world?  Get your COVID test, get nasal drop antibodies sent to your house the next day, and then get better.  That's the news I'm expecting by Wednesday.
Bought BLNK, CRSR and PLTR stocks yesterday at dip. Make me easy $ please
LAZR LETS MOOOOON
Starbucks. Thats it. Thats the post
If Tesla ever gets above $600 I have no idea where itll stop, maybe the Moon
How is CRM not mooning?
Come on TSLA weve been pumping you with viagra all week. RISE RISE RISE!!!
Its funny that the boring stuff has been doing really well this week (and likely will the rest of the month).  GM instead of random fake chinese EVs,  XOM instead of green energy memes, and stuff like GE and manufacturing instead of SNOW and CRM.
Get into LAZR yall goofballs
So this delisting bill basically says they have 3 years to play by the rules before they can actually get delisted. Yeah I think Im about to go all in BABA calls
will this tesla 800c 12/11 Print?
any BABA call holders still balls deep in it?
Can't believe losers are selling TSLA
180% on BA 
Mars mission confirmed for PLTR gang
Lol at LAZR pumpers
NIO and XPEV buy the dips
how on earth is apple still facing resistance at 123
Whenever SPY hits that mf 90 degree I get anxious
The wall at 225 for CRM is too damn strong
PLTR !!!!!!
i swear mm have a button marked spac, when they click it they dump or buy all the spac at the same time
And they said I was stupid for buying PLTR 12/4 40c...whos laughing now?
If you dont buy PLTR now then the boogie bear  is gonna tickle you STOP BEING A PUSSY AND BUY
PLTR still has 10X volume to do so get in if you want
bought into pltr 12/18 30c at open feels pretty good. my tesla weekly however needs to do something    
CCL absolutely **BLASTING** through resistance. 

\+5% yesterday, +4% today already. 

After $22.25, there is NO resistance. 

$22.50 EOD, $23.50 by EOW. 

Get the fuck in.
These stock "downgrades" are total scams to shake weak hands and pick up more cheap shares. Glad I bought more PLTR yesterday.
PLTR PTSD.
I swear everytime I see VIX CREEPIN  in WSB its at like -1.09%
Pltr out here giving people second chances
LET THE MEME FLOW THRU YOU

LET THE MEME FLOW THRU YOU

LET THE MEME FLOW THRU YOU

LET THE MEME FLOW THRU YOU

Dont fight it
Sold to solidify a solid 250% this month. Going cash gang until a solid dip/correction

Minus the 50% of my portfolio thats long on airline calls (feb thru June)
Goldmansucks 
That V recovery and now gains on APHA
25 is Aboit to be broken!!
Pltr really doesnt want to hit $25 yet lol
$SPCE NO. STAY STRONG.
I have tesla stock at avg $68/share...too bad I only have 0.05 shares
Come on AAPL look at all the fun everyone else is having
What do people even do all day if theyre not staring at the market?
**EVERYONE BUY COSTCO! MY BAGS ARE HEAVY. EARNINGS OUT NEXT WEEK!!**
Ok chill out a bit PLTR we all know what happened last time you rose too high too fast
Pltr mooning 
Pltr 30 eow lets go boys
PYPL ROKU SQ ICLN EVERYTHING GOING INSANE LETS GOO
ICLN 

APHA 
PLUG 
SPCE 

God I hate AAPL so much
Just bought more TSLA....load up the rocket.  
Weedstocks blasting off again.

Lot of momentum. House vote tomorrow, Mexico newt week, GA in January.

Grab your dose of ACB for your memefolio.
Damn ZM $415 12/04 calls printingggggg
INSTITUTIONS BUYING PLTR LETS GOOOOOO $100!!!!
Get fucked citron !
Imagine selling PLTR when we gonna hit 30 EOW
Do I triple down on $SPCE? Slam some 30C 12/18? 

Need advice, fellow retards
Cmon dick, jack off faster! For GME!
Oh and fuck you NIO you were supposed to be joining Santa at the North Pole you buttfuck
Question for PLTRards who bought high. Will you sell when youre in the money?
[Far From Being Overdone, Palantir Stock Is Set to Run](https://investorplace.com/2020/12/far-from-being-overdone-palantir-stock-is-set-to-run/)
Still 8X volume left on PLTR! 
If PLTR is back, you know what that means for GME... return of the memes.
This is why you buy dips. Only got PLTR dip in shares but hey look at it go
Trade talks going well
On the downside, I sold a bunch of 33 12/4 puts on PLTR which im going to get assigned on.

On the upside, I am gonna have a butt ton of shares and I got a ridiculous premium on my puts. Will hold shares for a month I think and see what happens.
BA
Tesla shouldve been doing what PLTR is rn
Be honest, where do you think pltr is going today? 26?
This week, 27?
Dont know if to sell PLTR now that weve been given a chance to make some money back...
Buy some lazr now?
quit spamming pltr rocket im holding calls but this stock give me trust issues
I KEPT WARNING YALL ABOUT PLTR YESTERDAY BUT NOBODY LISTENED LOOLL LETS GOOOO
Nice LGVW :)

Any news on them other than ARK buying more?
VALE gang casually at ATH 
If this keep going at this rate I might make back 20% of my 80+% loss on my PLTR calls before they expire 
PLTR broke $24.50 resistance, the moon is next boys
ARKW calls printed today
Get in on canopy growth stock before the vote tomorrow in the house to free da weed!
MGNI getting YEETED into the stratosphere today
which one happens first, SPY $420 or TSLA $780?
VXX & SPY are scaring me
APHA 
Ill still believe Elon
Has SPY ever been green the day after ATH?
TSLA's next target 760
This morning PLTR dildo is literally giving me ptsd from last Friday
With filters and makeup we're in the era of 4-9s, fours who think they're a 9.
give GME some more volume guys
Should not have sold my PLTR 20c/25c 12/18 spread.
SPY ATH! Keep buying poots you dumb bears. We will hit 370 by eod.
my old man said the chinese ev stonks are just like the chinese internet companies of the dot-com crash. buying calls anyways. fuck you dad
Sold my SPY puts for calls LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
I'm officially afraid of TSLA after any hope for retail jumping in and banking gains like the good old days was squashed. Algos and big boys going to war the next couple weeks. And for those reasons, I'm out. 


Oh..I see the problem...we forgot to remove the anchor from TSLA's rocket...ok.ok...*now* let's go
Wait the now billionaire ceo of LAZR is 25 and founded the company when he was 17? God I was so useless at that age. Still am years later too.
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in
Hold onto your gains PLTR ffs
Relationship Started Wit.....  
  
Relationship Ended With CRM
CRSR WTFFF
NKLA drop #3 coming in hot.
yeah we arent going to dump ever, market is going to keep going up forever
My airline positions are having a nice day....fuck COVID we flying
Hey NIO if you could head back up thatd be cool too
TSLA being pinned hard to the mat bois.  Need a catalyst to give it a hard nudge up.
WSB FIRST STOCK UPGRADE: 

DBX - $22 Price Target By End of Jan 2021

The Move: DBX 1/22/2021 21C ($0.95)

DBX current price: $20.45 

- WSB CHIEF ANALYST 

P.S. Fuck GS Analysts
You can thank me later, just picked up some GME puts for 12/24. It is now guaranteed to straight to the moon. Someone had to take a hit for the team. You retards are welcome.
TSLA 700 or bust
ARKG gonna blow up in 2021
You can actually hear the money flying out of your wallet when you mess with AMZN FDs on a flat week.
Nio about to take off like yesterday
Phat
Tendies
Look
Remarkable
$SPCE 30C 12/18 

JOIN THE MOVEMENT 
yeah market is not going to dump ever we are going up forever every single day no matter what for sure lol =__= im never buying puts ever again
CRSR stop being boring
Love to be rooting for some rich oil Sheiks and plutocrats hashing out a deal so I can make $2,000.

.....lets go OPEC+!
Watch LAZR turn into a meme stock
You guys know you can see people eat shit for free right?
My CCL 22.5c just went ITM. Fuck yes chose that strike perfectly
Imagine Chinese EVs selling off more than Nikola at the moment...retarded Americans
Lmfao bezos just cucked me
Why am I sitting here reading the CFA, when all I need to know is stocks go up, bonds go up, VIX goes up and SPY only goes to the fucking moon.
Bald bezos or Jeff Amazon. What sounds better
I have to say, stonks only go up
I am going to stick my entire cock and balls in DoorDash and AirBnB
LOL amc with that cockroach strength. What's almost a $1B of dilution?
IM FIRING MY LAZR
Does buying BA calls make me a boomer?
Some days it's better to just close the app and let it all ride
RIP my 100 IWM puts 
Yaaaay airline calls 
Its a  and a  kinda day
Companies beat expected earnings = sell off and dip. 

Companies miss expected earnings by a country mile = moon like Snowflake today.  

All snowflake does is lose money and never makes profits, yet the market has a stupid valuation for this company.  Who gives a fuck if it costs a shitload of money for snowflake to grow revenue that increase losses. All that matters I guess is revenue growth, not actual profits. Utterly retarded.
Fuck you 10:30
Who else bought puts at 25$ PLTR?
Stripe WSJ article today. 

https://twitter.com/collision/status/1334517709414010880?s=21
In at 22, out at 25, give me that moneyyyy
Take profits on AAL today?
CRSR being a fucking grade A thot rn
Covered calls on FCEL in your Roth Ira. This is financial advice.
Alright BABA, Im going in!
Why would someone buy my NIO 12/4 54c? What am I missing here?
This market is so fucking annoying. Feels like no stocks sustain their intraday gains.
I have the feeling that being long today is a bad idea. So probably gap up.
Do NOT spend the dog food money on SPY puts
BA riding into the sunset in a 737
LAZR is the next TSLA , the CEO is fking autistic and he founded the company at 16.
BA was the easiest trade of the 4th quarter but instead this sub buys 250%IV options on garbage
Up 500% this week on crsp
Any good news on stimmy talks? Trying to put more money into the market
crsr allergic to gains jfc what a piece of shit
If CRSR does not end up at $37 on Friday Im out of these fucking calls
Yall hear about this AliBaba backed autonomous car firm? Yolo
Baby
Fuck all these bears they gonna get run over
Compromise on stimulus within reach - McConnell


Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (pictured) expressed optimism on Thursday regarding the potential coronavirus stimulus agreement.


The Republican leader stated that "compromise is within reach" and that the lawmakers "need" to pass the legislation.
So vaccine news optimism is everyday this week.. FML
GME puts printing.....Bigly!
Another red fucking day
275 GME 20$ 12/11 , waiting for 0.95 to fill. To the moon
Looks like were up against a force too powerful here for TSLA.  Need a little Maradona hand of god action on this whore
Took my gains out of my account and have set aside my tax liability (Almost zero because of March Spy Calls)  


Starting out at $500 again because I blew 3k of my gains at an actual casino playing roulette.   


Looking to triple this with Spy 368 calls that I bought this morning. God Speed Autists. Don't forget to take your tendies and do something fun with them everyonce in awhile. Reminds you that the money is indeed real.
red man cometh
PETITION:

&#x200B;

To rename VXX cheaper SPY since they seem to do the same fucking thing
RKT's short interest is at 26% and at the same time institutional ownership of RKT has tripled from 30% to almost 90% according to Fintel, this past quarter.

RKT's $1B buyback will buy more than half of its float.

This could trade sideways like this for months - but at some point this will soar.
my AAL 16.5c 12/31 is in ITM fuck!
AMD please no

NOOOOOOOO
my APHA DEC 31 calls $10 are so quiet.. no volume.. fucking 26 volume today.
CCL is the way
CRSR u supposed to meme!
I know I shouldnt t trade when Im bored but fuck its so hard not to
puts are down like 80% in two days on a .2% pump. Even with VXX pumping it's still below yesterday's close. No way to hedge without getting fucked by manipulated VIX and overnight futures. lame
If AAL is goes past $20, I can finally afford an 737Max
Anyone think aapl will end green?
Bad day for Dr. Michael Burry's plays.
BA closing at $500 at this rate
This weeks plays 

https://imgur.com/gallery/n0Yfxh9
If we get another check within a month or two itll have to be based on 2019 taxes again right?
If anyone wants a 300x bagger just buy the covered calls I sell. Literally moons right after.
LFGGGGGGGGG P S T H gang rise up!
Stocks holding for long term +6% +3% 7%

Options expiring tomorrow-1% 5% 
Is anyone hyped for Air bnb IPo
Airline calls at open were apparently the move
every pump in CRSR gets sold, you guys suck
oof, this NIO pump gonna get sold off hard. stay tuned boys
Well fellas, do I sell my Jan 21st $25 calls at a 35% profit or wait for the moon?  Ive sat on this for 5 months, ups and downs... but time is running out.
wtf is happening???
Alex Palantir is saving my tendies, but Tim Apple is  a giant cuck today
Spy what the fuck
Can apple and amd ever fucking hold its gains lol
aapl green EOD
 Big guh
Fucking NOTHING holds intraday anymore Jesus Christ
The autistic army who told me to buy GME 
GME dip of destiny, buy that shit homies
Why is apple my wifes boyfriend!!!
Might just get out of AMZN shits pissing me off
Rip all the boomers who sold Boeing at the bottom
AAPL fake and gay
Options dirt cheap
BA calls Im in
TSLA has mastered the art of staying flat! All moves happen after hours
re-upped GME at 15.9
Havent had a green day in two weeks 
buy the dip sell the crash
yall are fiending over a .2% day


crazy really
Ryan Cohen is a mf'ing smart & impressive dude. His endorsement/interest in GME probably swings it more than anything else for me.
Lol at least we are all in this together guys. Unless you got airline calls.
Someone who knows a lot about Boeing. Please tell me that my 250 c is safe.
BA going crazy
Weak-ass ameripoor dollar makes all my gains less powerful. At least US stocks are at a discount when buying with my DKK rn
Z SCALER PUTS ARE PRINTINGGGGG
What are the odds that SPY hits 370 soon?
My airline stocks and cruise stocks doing amazing right now. Bought super low and been sitting for 5 months finally going up.
After being in the hole since March Im only $100 away from getting back to the green!!!!
STOP THE COUNT!
Ah yes, here comes the AAPL climb after I sold. A tale as old as time.
All I want for Christmas is CCL at 35
CCL to the moon.
I need to stop selling CC's when market is keep going up like this..
Did anyone else know you could use two fingers on a RH graph to see the difference between two points in time? Youre not only limited to the standard 1D, 1W, 1M, etc

Mind = blown
I am small potatos in this sub but Im up 432% in the last month. Just wanted to say thank you to some for your insight, and to everyone: Dont forget to take profits while you can!
Please pray for my lulu weekly call.
Real stocks frozen
i miss rkt 
Gme cratering
No more election drama and a boring market. ZzZZzzzzz
PLTR is doing something silly
Say I buy 1 call and then another of the same call in a different order. If I sell both same day is that considered 1 or 2 round trips?
Bears tiptoeing around the trap wondering whether to risk not buying into PLTR for another day and it soaring another 22%
DKNG 01/15 $70c
Fuck you SPY, you ever climbing piece of shit. Sincerely, 
GME... is squeezing ME.. uno reserve :0
AMD why you no V???Everything else V :(
and AAL here we fucking go again!!!!!!!!!!
Look at what theta gang did to my boy
NKLA was a total parody of TSLA in every way. Even people that bought into it couldn't've possibly thought it was a sustainable value play.
the retard who made a post saying he converted $11 into a few thousand mentioned in one of the comments that he was gonna get a $295c 12/31 call on BA so i said screw it and bought a 300c yesterday and lo and behold, the retard was right. I paper handed it and sold for a 200% profit but that's pretty insane
CRSR at 36 briefly lol
so boring again today.
If BA hits 250 by tomorrow, I will donate both my blood to a blood bank, and give some of my gains to a charity that ya'll can vote on.
HOLY FUCK ITS ALL PRINTING!
Lmao my CRSR calls are red on a 4% up day. IV better chill.
CCL gotta be a pump in dump, they just cancelled more shit today
OMG YES TSLA GO GO GO
Come on, Thiccc. I see you.
CRM up 2% and my calls are red. R.I.P. 
AAL just gonna keep squeezing till approval day?
don't you love it when your ATM options are still down $100 per contract?
Im gambling on gambling!
    
DKNG + PENN for the win
AMD FUCK YOU
I dont understand why everyones buying SQ because of their exposure to bcoin. Just buy bcoin
Nah nah I aint playing like that. What institutions are behind the hard Tesla IV drop? Nice try fools I will diamond hand these calls until poverty if I have too
AAL is mooning today
Dal said they are seeing booking slowing down fwiw
AMZN big gay
aight, imma head out 



Anyone holding DOCU through earnings?
AAPL needs to break out of the $123. I believe in you Tim Apple!!
Put 50% of my 401k in bank stocks and damn that shit starting to look nice. Hope it holds. WFC up like 50% in a month
Thank you almighty Boeing
You know what I see in this market in these "uncertain" times. The human bias for optimism, which sometimes borders on greed and foolishness.

But how else would have such clawless and hairless creature conquered the deserts and seas, to start in Africa and soon to colonize Mars. We had to be optimistic fools.

Bears are anti-humans, and fuk.
Tesla stock too low imo. $600 eod
Jfc. AAL just eating these sell walls 
VIX is s**t**ill n**o**t dead yet at S**P**Y $367

Nothing to worry about, we're all going to be rich.

# THIS IS A NEW PARADIGM
Muthafuckin Ross from *FRIENDS* is the CEO of the London Stock Exchange 
LAZR GOGOGO
CCL is making me rock hard.
Been cash gang for a little while, have never slept better but also feel dead inside 
Whelp NIO and Xpeng is about what I expected, slow recovery over the next week once people realize the water is fine....followed by huge mooning and FOMOing middle of December by autists and boomers jumping back in. Gunna be a boring week theta gang wins this round
You have to be retarded to not buy CHWY
what the fuck now. Snap jumps 5% on what
 v shaped recovery 
23.6% of all US dollars were created in the last year. Rip dollar, time for gold and silver.
Whos with me praying that tomorrow will be the day our NIO calls resuscitate?
Aapl bought to run
Up 200% on aal leaps, gonna hold til 10 bagger
CCL dip gobbled up like a christmas ham
CCL baby I loves you!
Watch Ackman pick dominion voting systems for his SPAC
 needs to stop edging me and let me finish already.
Over 3000 coronavirus deaths yesterday. Buy Calls.
I just cameback from a 3 month break. Everyone talking about PLTR or w.e that is must mean alotta of you kids lost a shit ton of money on it
Imagine buying pltr this morning and losing it all again
PLTR to ground control....we have lift off.
PLTR GANG THIS IS ONLY THE BEGINNING, STRAP IN
Bye bye pltr 25, incoming 30!!
Cmon Palantir its okay to go up baby dont be scared
This sub, options trading, its not for me. I buy high, panic sell low. I dont stick to my trading plan & over trade daily. I buy bid sell at ask, never having any patience. I lost over maybe $18K since i started financially never will I recover. Yeah ik yall just comment see you tomorrow but I just cant anymore. 
Il try & not think about roping but ima try & go back to my old life before I discovered any of this. At least I was actually happy. Take care guys.
#PLTR BEARS IN SHAMBLES
SAN DIMAS HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL RULES
PSTH & PLTR are going to rise today and Friday.
Overheard in the deleted scenes after The Big Short:
He got me, Burry said of Elon. "That f***ing Musk boomed me."
Burry added, Hes so good, repeating it four times.
Burry then said he wanted to add Tesla to the list of stocks he shorts this year
Whats the actual play today? Continue to flip aapl calls on the dip? Fomo into TSLA (always burns me when I do). PLTR long calls? PUTS??! Help!
Is the vote for extension a good or bad thing for the ?
can i get my daily award already ? not gonna wait all day.
I have this note in my phone I mustve written last weekend when I was high. Says A lot more YouTube ads lately. ALOT. Google? Options calls.
So once again puts looked fucked.

I feel like the spongebob old man meme.
Im a perms bull, but I feel like were going to drop on open and drill through the morning. May recover to green by EOD
Might buy PLTR calls at open. Cant go tits up right?
Gonna go smoke a bowl and skip the green dildos that penetrate through the bad jobless data or the green dildos that moon on the good jobless data. Either way, green dildos.
PLTR back on autism strength
Chaps if you wouldn't mind sending Palantir to the 47th moon of Saturn that would be really helpful
 LMT IS PEACE / WMT IS SLAVERY / PLTR IS STRENGTH  
\- 1984, George Orwell
Rolls Royce, RYCEY. Buy now before its up 75 percent and you fomo in. 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/uk.sports.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/why-rolls-royce-share-price-134147201.html
Tesla please dont fade the next 30 mins 
Hopeful for PLTR today to rebound to 25. Keep it hush though, there's already too many retards on this train and we don't want another pump n dump.
I bought the house that I'm in when I made $60k and was living paycheck to paycheck, now I'm making 100k and still paycheck to paycheck what gives
PLTR gonna fuckin shoot at open
PLTR 
PLTR 
What is dead may never dieeeeeeee  
PLTR to the moon   
Shoutout PLTR. Looks like my kids get to eat lunch today!
Just bought calls on PLTR for 12/4, youd think Id learn my lesson but yea no
Hop on CRSR  40$ EOD
Andrew Left (Citron) the GOAT. Shorted at $33.5 and rode it down to $21, made yall panic sell and is now riding it up
This PLTR dip will inevitably be bought up
LETS GO STIMULUS TALKS GOING WELL AGAIN   LMFAOO I LOVE THIS MARKETT
TSLA gang only comes around at open and at close wtf
Hey you guys!!! Make AAPL do the thing where it spikes and runs for no reason. Thank you
Any  news bois?
BUY LITERALLY ANY STOCK AT ANY PRICE AND YOULL BE RICH IN 5 WEEKS OR LESS
What makes you buy puts after a 40% dump?
America good, china bad

Tesla good, nio bad
Pltr looks like it's gonna fall off the cliff after open
Pltr gang pltr gang! Just came here to say that. 

Also when stocks are rising I hear Pokmon yellow battle music.. da da.. dada da da.. da da da da da dada da da dada.. laaaaah lah laaaaah
Ill name my Kid PLTR if we hit $30 by Friday
Newsom and the mayor of San Fran can eat at French Laundry without masks, but I cant hold christmas with my family. Fuck outta here. Long TSLA
CARFUL WITH EATING SUSHI  

Know somebody who got tape worms  off it and that shit has them sleepless for like 3 days 

Apparently that a big side effect loss of sleep 


As tape worms love to eat all your b12 vitamins and shit 

The way they found out was doctors took a sample of her shit , and found eggs of that tape worm


The only good part is they gave her magnesium and it killed the tape worm 


Anyway buy pltr$ so u can be immune to it all
 

I have a Grinch fetish. My boyfriend knows about this and for the most part accepts it. He isn't crazy about it and doesn't really get it but he at least tries which is all I ask. He'll sometimes read the book to me to set the mood, or if he's really feeling kinky tell me "You're a mean one" in the heat of the moment. He's even begrudgingly come around to at least playing one of the three versions of the film every time we do the deed (although we tend to stay away from the live-action one because it's too much for me).

The thing is, I don't want to hear about the Grinch or listen to the Grinch or watch the Grinch. I want to be fucked by the Grinch. And for the record this is common among women. The Grinch's bulging sack of toys to me (and many others) is what a Mack truck is to Cardi B. The fact that he's good with dogs and experienced trauma at a young age makes me want that long, fuzzy dick even more.

My boyfriend asked me what I wanted for Christmas and I told him straight up. I told him to put on the greenest, silkiest Grinch costume he could find, kidnap me from my bed on Christmas Eve, and then ravage me in front of the Christmas tree.

He flat out refused. Said it was too weird for him. I was literally begging this man to let this pussy save Christmas and he was like nah, I'm good. It ended up turning into a fight where he admitted he only gave into my initial Grinch kinks to placate me and was still uncomfortable about the fact that I had moaned "Grinch" during sex a few weeks ago, but only because his song was playing in the background.

So he's drawn a line. And if I don't drop the Grinch fetish (which as I said is incredibly common among women but sadly taboo) he's done for good. I don't want to lose him over this. But it's really hard for me to see past my sexual proclivities especially during Christmas season. Is there any way we can even compromise on this, or do I simply need a more adventurous man?
Fuck you all.
If a stock dumps by 32% you dont hope for another -3% you greedy fucks. Have fun watching from the sidelines and buying at the top in a week because you hoped for sub 20.
FUCK YES PLTR$$!!!
COCK IN THE  SKY 

AND BUY
TSLA gonna rocket. PLTR gonna tank. According to my calls and puts anyway.
RKT looking like it might moon straight to 20.50 and then stay there for a few months. See you boys on Mars 
PLTR gonna dump harder than ever before when everyone unloads their shares on this pop
If PLTR flashes me at open again with a green premarket, I'm going to be very upset.
Thicc  is gonna go nuts today, tendies incoming my boys.
How retardet do you have to be to pump all your money in fucking gamestop?
I sold all my shares of PLTR and TSLA yesterday and threw it all into GME. I'm fucking retarded aren't I?
Apparently Tesla might go above 690? What gives.
Does anyone else pronounce PLTR as pelotar?  Like its a mix of peloton and reptar from rugrats
I like yall so ima let you in on a secret..
(PLTR to the fuckin moon)
The way GME is set up today is so juicy

Earnings run up starts today.  The squeeze is just gravy of it happens.  Dont even need the squeeze with this breakout
Getting circumcised in a third-world country is weird as fuck. The cutting isnt in line and the patterns are all fucked up.

Bears r still fuk tho
PLTR  BTFD
Ok guys seriously last chance for TSLA sub $600. Sub $600 will be like seeing sub $400. Only possible when the market shits itself. We be trading in the 600-700 band for the next 4 months until we pop off again.
The fact that the dollar is down a whole HALF A PERCENT and the market is flat should scare the fuck outta you bulls.  That's insane.  Futures should be ripping to Valhalla at this point.
NLKA up 1.5%.... can't believe people are still buying into this trash. That sub must be in shambles, right?
GS trying to put the squeeze on Burry
GME blasting off!
Every bear is about to learn about the Santa Claus rally lmao
Smith and Wesson for the earnings
ACB calls ftw 
Spy up 10% in a month. If you got out on election fears and got back in after, you would've had an average year of gains in a month.
Tesla going over 600 today
Cramer :- It's painful to look at the layoffs, the deaths and then all the profits.

This man only ever gave a shit about snorting a line and looking after his bottom line.

Fuck him.
#GRAHAM STEPHAN IS FUCKING GAY
GME up .5%

Moon shot today.  Rumors of a Sony partnership being announced this afternoon
still slightly hurts my soul that i didnt hold PLTR overnight. i KNEW they were gonna rip in afterhours after 2 straight days of red.
PLTR is back BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Pltr 
pltr going to the moon to spy on the aliens
Damn, I shouldve put more than half my portfolio in PLTR yesterday
Eat shit Citron
Congratulations to anyone who bought PLTR FDs yesterday
PLTR, FREE MONEY
Pltr dip get in ride to 25 !!
every third comment is PLTR, EXPAND YOUR HORIZONS
CRSR is scaring me
PLTR 50 EOY hop on boys
Yo so whats the deal with this  meeting
PLTR $26 EOD
PLTR, you can do $26
LETS GOOOOO PLTR
"PLTR LETS GOOOO" 

do you forget some people got absolutely cleaned all week
PLTR $30 EOW 

RALLY UP
Dawg I just want consistent 3% moves on PLTR. Not this 12% move every day
Yall hoes stop mentioning PLTR it cleaned my portfolio out fuck PlTR


Thank you PLTR believers, I knew you would listen.
Ive jacked off 7 times this morning
PLTR resistance is at 24.50, 25.00, and maybe 25.50 if it gets that high. Been bouncing off the $0.50 markers during the week's plummet, and now it's doing the same on the rise.
PLTR why do you give us hope?
Rumor is that gme is pushing out some type of premarket report on December 8
PLTR WRONG FUCKING WAY
The play for today isn't PLTR. It's already up 10% FFS!!

No fellow retards, the play for today is **ULTA** and here is why.

I believe ULTA will hit $350+ by summer 2021. They have lots of tailwinds: 
(1) Economy opening back up---they have done well to shift to online sales but their main sales channel still remains brick and mortar stores. 

(2) Their new partnership with Target is a stroke of genius! Sephora is now playing catch-up by entering a partnership with Kohl's. Unfortunately for them, Target is simply superior to Kohl's with respect to their target market: upper and middle class, mostly white women.

ULTA+TGT = (Becky energy)^2. Both ULTA and TGT are phenomenally well-run companies, this synergy will be insane. 

(3) Pent up demand for make-up and beauty products by all the following (sometimes forgotten by WSB but crucial) demographic: Kaileigh (14-18 yrs), Becky (19-35 yrs), Karen (35-45), and Susan (45-60).

So whats the play? Long-dated call options, if you can afford them. Load up on summer 2021 calls and you'll be handsomely rewarded. Yes, I know this goes against the zeitgeist of WSB but there is a reason why 90% got wiped out by PLTR and NIO. Godspeed and good luck to all.
RIP bears. You will not be missed.
That PLTR plunge was a hit and run 
Why Pltr boys quiet? They were quite rowdy an hour ago
Alright I quit until air bnb ipo
time to meme CRM boys, everybody buy call for 12/18
Yes PLTR! Give me all your dirty, fascist gaiz
Jobless claims will be back over 800k as administration doesn't care about poor people and would continue to give our tax money to the rich
The IV on PLTR is ridiculous Im staying far away from that shit.
CRM selloff was an overreaction.
Never bet against the Mighty USA. I invest in PLTR, because I believe in the CIA and in America. Lets go. 
PLTR might save Christmas for me
NIO bois on PLTR yesterday: At least NIO is recovering.

Today on NIO bois: 
Where's the market going today? Upvote for green, downvote for red.

PS: we could do with a daily poll on this thread.
SPY 370 open close 375

This market is so fucking hard right now with buyers, nothing can cause it to drop..
Hee hee. Now Goldman has lost the plot and joined leapfrog gang. ....market top?
Today is make it or break it for my entire life
Good morning BABA. You look prettier today.
anyone else see the unusual acb option activity on 12/18 $25 15277 volume? any ideas?
Am I the only one around here that lost bigly on salesforce dive yesterday? Lost more than 8k on that one.
Aint nothin gonna bring this market down, aint nothing gonna hold it down, oh no - its gonna keep on mooning

370 open, 374 close :) New ATH to celebrate Vaccines, Brexit etc + Fed printing + more stimulus = this market is awesome
how much money does cramer have? if id see him at the streets id probably mostake him for a hobo
Fuck I completely lost MU out of sight while focusing on these meme stocks and missed the runup
Who's holding CRWD and what are you doing?
CCL long ATM calls are cheap af. Any thoughts on these?
I made money on PLTR puts this week. An accomplishment that I will be including on my resume
What if there physically isnt enough money left in circulation to make AMZN go up any higher? Like maybe AMZN maxed out the height of capitalism by acquiring every single dollar in the known universe and there arent any more dollars left to invest into AMZN
I almost sold my TSLA $570 12/4 calls yesterday. Glad I didnt!!  
Why does iPhone Stonks App not display premarket fml. Any good stock apps?
 Trust in PFE 
The way premarket has been moving these past few days, i dont give af what happens bc as soon as the market opens it literally retraces and does a whole ass U turn after what it was doing premarket. No point in losing sleep anymore to watch premarket bc Nio fucking tanks ever morning regardless
Lets show burry who's more retarded.
Every once in a while I get the urge to do something extremely self destructive and buy BA puts. I should just cut myself a couple times instead
Margin called today.. keep getting deficits
Moon mission today?
Yesterday someone posted the most recent transactions from ARK, just wondering where you can view such information?
Whats trevor milton up to these days?
Whos selling their TSLA weeklies at open?
Is this 908b stimmy just the beginning? I dont see no stimmy checks.
Whenever tesla had a big move pre-market it always dumped at open
AMZN pls just moon already i don't have much time
Ready to lose all my money to theta again.
CRWD is on 
Flattest futures in a long time.

Are we out of juice?
have to replace sewer line in my rental. gonna be breaking up concrete all day
BA up 2% PM, day after a 5% move up.  

lfg!
Tesla 600c 12/4 avg price 3.23. 5 contracts. Took a 2k loss yesterday thinking of just selling these at open and relieving myself of the stress of holding.
I think people forget that all the big players knew the gyna bill would be passed, trust me I spoke with them. Theyre still invested
Alright Baba you had your fun time to get serious
Never used Stocktwits but is it just the same type of thing where people try to pump meme stocks ?
Not too late for HIMX

Goin to 10 in 6 months
WHEN YOU CRIED ID WIPE AWAY ALL OF YOUR TEARRSSS
When do stone head stonks moon?
Green 
CRM Don't you fucking tease me like this!  !!
Alright boys BA clearly on its way back to mid 300
ok I am holding my balls 

And have my pltr calls 

Lets see

1 more day till expiration
CRSR will do whatever the hell it wants, when ever it wants.  

Come on baby.
Boys DXY is still essentially in free fall
Remember 5 minutes ago when all the gaybrs were like PLTR is down huge in Germany hahaha
Opinions on how NIO gonna move throughout the day?
CRM FEB 18 $240c got a YUGE gap to fill :) 
Imagine not sitting on a call today
Oh, I see the GYNA bill is on mango's desk to sign. So either he will try to use it to get Xi to tell him he's the big boy or else he'll be a vindictive bitch and just sign it to fuk everyone else up.
What's with this euphoria when spy's hovering around 0.0%
Anyone pumping this week? I want in
Making money or losing money overall? Where are we at WSB?
Docu earnings run up on the last possible day
Yesterday made up for Monday and Tuesday losses. I'm hoping for profit today, but of course, I hope for profit everyday.
Ahh I see. Whenever I *don't* have CRWD calls for their earnings, they fucking moon...
So xbox will just be sold out until I dont give a shit anymore.
Anybody holding DOCU through earnings or sell and buy back tomorrow after earnings?
I hate how awful I am at times
Pltr kept tanking and sold covered calls yesterday instead of today when I would have got much more value. Guh
Good morning boyz. Almost time to bust a nut
Today is going to be a good day.
im a retard and trading on margin. im holding a pltr covered call. will I be able to buy back my covered call with a deficit or do i have to sell all my shares first to get out of the deficit and then buy back the call?
Real cool action there silver. Comex opens and 1 minute later we plunge .40c totally legal and cool.
do bear cubs make good baby back ribs?

Or is it worse than regular baby?
CRM nice PM gains
Wheres the daily DD reassuring me of the GME squeeze?
Who is on board lazr?
Buying power - 24.71 

:-(
Airlines and cruises up another 2-3%. 
Oh SPY you better not act like you care about stay at home orders and covid deaths now

#RISE
Oh no TSLA what is you doing baby
Im a simple man I see -22% and I ....actually not today splunk sorry
I hate the PDT rule.  I made 40% on an option in 30 minutes.  Why would I wait to sell.
literally the instant I bought Nasdaq futures I got a massive red fuck you dildo. It's gonna be one of those days
A green day after 5 red would be great
Good lord. 

CCL has cracked up through $21.50 pre-market. Were gonna break $22 today!!!

$26 by Christmas.
Companies have no reason to ever be fiscally conservative ever again. All companies are too big to fail now. About to go bankrupt? Leverage the situation with the government to get a bailout!
really miss this dude.  All the good guys go fast.  read his book and somehow felt connected with his ideas.   If you own a Business, this is a must watch:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ5k\_Byd9Fs&t=2962s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ5k_Byd9Fs&t=2962s)
CRM feb 15 $250 call
whats everyones moves today? need some ideas; im thinking CRM SQ ICLN CHWY leaps
I know many have been burned shorting Tesla but if you want a good R/R. Short now
Should have thrown more money into Unity 
Whats apha doing today
SQ calls a good idea at open? or CRM
LAZR target price?
anyone else playing DOCU puts for er
CHWY CRM or SQ calls in the morning if u had to choose two?
How is 690 Tesla price target not enough?? They want MORE?????
When will  unfuck itself from the pennystonk list
CRM pumping pre market... question is will this continue throughout the day?
Whats this new trend of falling after earnings? Kroger?!
Should be a nice green morning
Any CRM, SE, NET, CRWD calls????
Faster recovery than expected, get in while you can.

C.R.M.
Once the bill to legalize the wacky tobackey fails on Friday shouldn't weed stocks return from the pump? 
Thoughts?
How does Tesla keep going up and Microsoft, actually making money and going in gaming big, just trading sideways? This market really is a casino. Let's invest in companies and make hypothetical monopoly money, and forget about companies actually making money.
SPLK and CRM calls free money
Weed stocks @ open, house vote friday. ez day
Want to buy crsr but this bitch only goes down, lets see today
Looks like splunk is really splunking
[https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/538/717/e45.gif](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/538/717/e45.gif)
rotation from paper hands into strong hands
PACB has been quietly having a +25% week and is now the 3rd largest holding in ARKG, I saw this coming a week ago fuck me
NIO only goes up
BABA boys $265 is what were looking for, after that its a moon mission
Corsair cucks lets prepare for another shitty day!
Im gonna hop on the TSLA train at the next dip
shit moves way too much after hours
REDY FO DAT DING DING BBY
Hoping for a CRM fomo rally at open to liquidate the calls I bought yesterday
I have no idea whats going on.   Something about virus killing humanity, a vaccine, cars with electricity and stonks only go up.
What time does everything turn red?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1334501294355197953?s=19

I mean who is buying a go pro anymore?
quick what should i fomo day trade into
Who needs charts just be on wsb-

Literally
I wonder what u/1ronyman is doing nowadays
why am I not short UUP
GIVE THE PPL YOUR BIG FAT  DADDY ELON.

WE WANT IT!
Rofl dollar is dead 
Buying 400c at the open!
Im reading on Reddit that PSTH and stripe isnt happening. Was there some news that I missed?
The only thing wrong with trading the long side of an obvious bubble is if you are one of the people that doesn't realize it's a bubble.  >$2000 20 point out of the money weekly contracts on TSLA are very not normal. The music will stop eventually (probably years from now fucking bulls and bears alike).
WSB bought? Dump eet. WSB sold? Pump eet.
Good luck today fellow retards , may the printer go brrrr.
Holding plenty of BABA, but why should it moon all of a sudden? What am I missing? 
I dont see any catalyst at the moment. 
Anyways BABA and CRM 
looks like PLTR is back but staying out because I lost too much money chasing the dip
Bought 12/4cs on the Tesla dip yesterday, do I sell at open and take profit or wait?
Woooo, hopefully today I'll make back 25% of what i lost yesterday!
Sundial Growers in anticipation of a run up today and tomorrow for the bill going through the House of Reps
PSTH are we moving today ? Every time when I my right brain thinks about selling PSTH, my left Brian says they might announce merger today.
BABA WILL FLY TODAY
 If Ive learned anything from NIO is to not panic sell calls at morning dumb and rather double down for extra tendies
moves at open?
WTF is up with TSLA. I'm tired of it pumping premarket only to tank during trading hours for us plebs. Seems rigged AF
Buy the morning dip and hope its just a dip. This is the way.
let the bulls out please
Is this a triple top?

+ TSLA
House is waiting to vote on WEED, vote was moved to the floor yesterday and depending on how lazy these fucks are could be voted on today.

That means there is still time to buy ACB and APHA then dump these fuckers tomorrow

 
10k NIO March leaps today fuuuck it
Good luck everyone. Pencils up!
Cocks out. See ya'll at noon. Lets make that bread.
Move over losers! I've got money to lose!
Don't sell Tesla u fools
NIO big boys trying to shake everyone off

Bitch, it's a green/ev/fuel cell rally
Come on 
Elon got an erection this morning
THICC FUCKING BEE I KNEW YOU'D COME GOOD MY SWEET BUZZING PRINCE
Hate watching a Stonk you've been watching Pre-Market take a massive nose dive at open
How yall feeling about the extension vote on ?
VLTR. PLTR. Same meme tbh

shit back on the menu boys!
[deleted]
CRM pls bounce back soon
Holy shit. Snow is actually retarded. When does the stock shareholder lockup end?
Careful of the bull trap
DKNG wtf
fomo back into BA calls, this always ends bad
DUMP XPEV DUMP NOT COZ UR NOT GOOD BUT I WANT IN AT $40
PLTR LET'S FUCKING GO 40P 12/11!!
Selling a PLTR 44c for 12/4 was the easiest $100+ I made in my life, still cant believe some moron instantly bought it
CRWD 200 EOD
Iiieehhaaa PLTR  She's running boys!
Lets go CRM
lmao SNOW is actually up 5% now? These fools are smoking some strong af crack
RYCEY lifting off
NIO is so retarded
Fuck you APHA
TESLA such a cock tease AH. When is it going to take off to 630
CRWD to the moooooon 
PP Hands
TSLA  IT IS THEN
BA with the strength of a million boomers
Nio dip, get in when you can. 50 eod
Paper hand retards selling NIO again
CRSR is not a meme!!! CRSR lives matter, let it live.
AMD CALLS
Why nio do dis?
Ok so whos buying this nio dip ? It could be an easy day trade like yesterday
Wow Cramer is literally talking to us directly
TSLA BULLS, HOLD THE FUCKING LINE!
SUCK MY COCK BEST BUY
Whoever told me to buy $20 GMHI calls, thank you 
SPCE keep going Im almost there OH YEAH
I would appreciate it if apple could fucking hold jesus
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1334507520791089157?s=19

Somehow this feels like a big deal
This might be the pump to $30 boys PLTR!
Piece of shit MMs dump Apple every fucking time ar open. This piece of shit
Now Im kicking myself not getting another 500 shares of pltr yesterday after it drop below 22, well at least got the 500 below 23. Might never see this number again.
The inevitable market-correction is going to be glorious
BA is go up
**TESLA** 
Hope you retards bought that NIO dip
No volume on GME. Everyone go buy your shares and this will 
my calls are so long dated its nice not having constant heart attacks from small drops but kinda boring
Thicc  people how we feeling?
nio eod predictions?
**FUCK**
Small green candles then huge red dildos down
After hours and Pre market >>>> day trading
fucks goin on with dkng
NIO & XPEV moving in sync
Pltr back after throwing everyone into mourning
To all the newbies take profit and buy shares don't be a retard like me and put it all on one option
Why did I invest in PFE? Down again on opening. Worst investment of my life! Bag holding 200 racks on this piece of shit!
waiting for green dildo on AAPL
Come on Tesla you can do it
PSTH
Why are PFE calls so cheap when all of America is getting their vaccine in the next 10 days lol something seems weird
TSLA do your thing
Pltr fat cock dildo 

Just straight Obese peepee

Just monumental Dick 

Straight colossal dildo.
Revenge of the Meme
Lift off CRSR
The pinstripes can only keep GME down for so long. Heavy resistance at 16
Friendly reminder that deep ITM SPY leaps have and always will be free money. If youre young, they should be a staple of your portfolio
Cmon tsla just go up
GME fucking me
I love green day
CRSR is actually green... is the selling finally over?
LOL IV on TSLA is wild as hell.. Stock is up about $8 from where I bought my calls and they've barely gained anything.  And these aren't weeklies either.
Baba up 6.25 since open.
BABA gain porn incoming.
I see you RKT! Do your thang girl!! Uppity uppity!!
AMAZON PLEASE FUCKING GO UP
Buy nio, everyone gonna realize today that the delisting doesn't happen for 3 years if it all lol
CRWD might actually hit 200 today lmao
commence daily aapl pump and flat for rest of day
man, SPY is in uncharted territory. gonna get smacked down
AMZN you fat fuck, do something productive
Buying ZS $230c Dec18 lotto tickets
AMZN still boring but setting up strong
AMZN goes from leading the CHADSDAQ to lagging it. You hate to see it >:(
NIO created a forest fire just to trap the smokey ass bears in it.
GoPro with a casual 18% gain over the week.
AMD what is you doingggg
But the KR dip, free money
Sidebar, did anyone else wake up with a nasty headache last night? I never get them and it was bad enough I was up for a bit. My conspiracy juices are flowing... did China recently launch something into space?
SPCE time
Gonna buy in on SWBI calls at a discount.
Should I put 10k into a PFE 12/4 41c lol
Just yolod everything into 12/4 KR fd's
Fucking mooove TSLA so sick of these fades
LOL duluth beat and tanks 10 percent.
When is SPY dumping?
CRM is a big time rocket with a huge over sell off no reason classic surpression case
So sick of PLTR btw
Whenever TSLA hits mid 590s, I short. Works 'til it doesn't.
sold my amd put at open like a little bitch fuck
[https://techcrunch.com/2020/12/03/alibaba-ethiopian-airlines-to-ship-covid-vaccines/](https://techcrunch.com/2020/12/03/alibaba-ethiopian-airlines-to-ship-covid-vaccines/)

BABA $
SBUX break $100 you can do it
Alexa play Green Day
[deleted]
Whos more autistic stocktwits or here?
CRSR bitches load up 
All the people who were buying into government contractor aerospace companies will be piling their money into PLTR very soon.     
Am I missing something? Why is nobody talking about SPCE?
NIO morning dump complete. Nowhere but up from here
Almost into the green again on my PLTR 12/31 26Cs.  Let's go.
Baba baba baba baba
NIO?
SBUX gonna hit $100 today?
LMFA get in
Actual question, when I sell a call I can use the funds to instantly buy stock etc? But I still have to wait t+2 to deposit in my bank account right?
Lmaooooo Rolls Royce never recovered from March 2020, fucking L shaped recovery
If your not putting your Bid higher than the Ask you're not a real bull 
ACB going up when weed gets voted on by the house
God damn SNOW rippin
For real though, if you're gonna get in BABA I'd do it now.
ZS going for a 25% day and it's only been an hour...
Hi dumb tard question here. So if I set a limit price that means my options will sell once theyve reached that number?
people are bailing on thicc boi minutes before the meeting starts?...
Just let pltr eat
Good work Baba. Got my $ back and hoping for gain
APHA v lift offffffff
Here comes the green and I didnt buy the dip.

This thing about being broke is kind of annoying you know
This BA 2023 $300C I picked up a couple days ago should do just fine, I might go grab a few of his buddies before they go to the moon
Why the fuck is Tesla being IV crushed?

Its possible we might be a completely fraudulent system
sad i sold for a loss 2 days ago but glad i picked more up on fomo again a day later
lmao ryan air announces its gonna buy some 737 max's and its stock goes down.
AND WE HAVE LIFTOFF 
Ppl be thinkin they are going to movies, cruisin to jamaica and going to the moon
Oh wow, boeing on a mission to beat Elon to mars
MSFT is gonna rip
GME back from the dead
Come on Tesla u can do it!
GME GME GME
BABA finding resistance at $268, it will break through that wall though
It's a beautiful day
 Note to PFE Gang: buy the dip before it shoots to the moon
This market is fuk. Red days dont exist
you guys sleeping on BA - boomer stock casino
Lmfao BA not stopping
NIO back to the "Iverson crossover away from the basket and miss a long jumper" formation.
Planter gotta give me 25% after the last couple days
Amazon about to break out
yo CHWY call holders what strike and exp u getting?
>Guess who overpaid for his calls


Alright I think Im cooked. I have been a gay bear and Im burnt out. I cant do it anymore. I still believe it is the way, but its clearly not the way to make money right now. 

Assuming the day I switch to calls it doesnt turn around and I off myself, I have $2000, a desire to see that go higher and I want to know which stocks are going up. Help me
Why did BABA even sell off in the first place, not like anything has changed.
HULK DICKS ARE BACK ON THE MENU BOYS
APHA about to go green
TAKE FLIGHT YOUNG MGNI
Cant wait for power hour on todays pltr
ANY OTHER $SPCE cadets in the chat? If so, positions?

Edit: I got in yesterday on 28C 12/18
Tsla starting its daily bleed
Pfe is poop
SNOW is back where it was at before earnings despite a meh quarterly. That doesnt validate their evaluation at all. Must be good when institutions pumped it up and trying to maintain before the lock up ends.
On December 26, 2020 millions of Americans will lose their unemployment benefits and come January enter default on their mortgages. 

At the same time, TSLAs share price will reach 800. SPY will be at 420 and DJIA will break 32,000
They really do only go up what a world
Tesla thank u for always slowly bleeding I shouldve known
Ooh so PLTR goes down and what.... we just give up on it .... are you a puss boi NO YOUR A BULL. You buy when it doesnt make sense.  Buy PLTR fa$$ots
american airlines stopped selling airplanes and started selling 
PTON to the moon.
I should buy tesla puts. I should not buy tesla puts. I should buy tesla puts. I should not buy tesla puts.
Wtf is going on with SNOW
keep drilling NKLA my lottos depend on it
BRUH LOOK AT ICLN LOOL
Well check BB off the list of failed momentum trades
Goldman Sachs is probably selling their TSLA position into this rip.
APHA: The awakening
VIX futures are outpacing cash VIX on green SPX moves. This could get interesting
can su bae do a super reversal and moon?
BA is up 60% this month holy shit
PLTR stopping at all solid dollar amounts is so retarded Im convinced yall are involved
Sold TSLA 12/4 600c at the open, bought it back for half price, holding for more tendies.
JMIA JMKIA JMIA !
Don't be afraid to fomo back in all you PLTR paper hands
Holy shit my MRNA calls I bought yesterday at close have already doubled
weed stronk stonk
How high will PLTR go today ? Anyone got a clue ?
Why the fuck would PLTR have a short squeeze? I just saw some retard here posted
Give us a green meme day you fucks
HOLD STRONG GME GANG WE GONNA BE EATING SOON PATIENCE!!
So glad I averaged down yesterday.  I LIVE.  I DIE.  I LIVE AGAIN!
 dildos
Having one of those weeks where all you can hope for is just to limit your losses and wait it out
Imaging that I sold my BA calls for 11k yesterday morning and now it worths 50k. I wannna die rn
26! 26! 26
i got a bad case of the fomo right now
Always inverse yourself
NASDAQ going to close higher than DOW
Dear diary today was a good day it's starting off really fantastic
Nobody cares about SHOP huh?   Just chasin memes and flickin your beans
Thank god I doubled down on PLTR at 23 instead of panic selling.
Buying PLTR shares last week has been amazingly nice and not stressful at all. I need to YOLO my entire account on penny stock options next week just to get my edge back
Now, tell me that Morgan Stanley isnt working with Citron ?  Tell me one fucking logical reason why pltr dipped so hard and is now mooning despite no fundamental change in the company
pltr having another 20% day mmw
lmao +100% on PLTR Jan 40c bought yesterday morning
I hope this is the TSLA dip
Save your Sheckles for next week boys. Air bnb and the other AI IPO next week
Does gme have a run up before earnings?
APHA $12 tomorrow when the MORE Act passes
Don't do that PLTR, don't give me hope....
Woke up to the smell of burning this morning, gotta love Smokey California
RKT really refuses to move past 20 or dip to 19 where people would buy. Truly stuck in No Man's Land.
Go GME, GO! And stay there through 12/04
Spys green dildo is sexy
Tesla trading sideways and fucking everyone
Alright, just made $7k from ADBE calls. Maybe I exited them early and should have held till earnings  but whatever. Profit is profit.
All is well in Scranton PA. Tesla 660c 12/31
Revenge of the Meme
Amzn will start gapping up when all hope is lost
NNDM baby!
Why am I thinking about SPY puts rn
APHA yip yip
Friendly reminder to consider tax implications in your moves this month
Who are the retards paying 88 for January pltr 44c. It's you guys right?
Its a bulls world and bears just live in it.
Believe in the vaccine

[https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/12/03/941950447/obama-bush-clinton-say-theyre-willing-to-get-coronavirus-vaccine-on-camera](https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/12/03/941950447/obama-bush-clinton-say-theyre-willing-to-get-coronavirus-vaccine-on-camera)
Get in lazr while you can
Would people FUDing PLTR have their own agenda?
Remember, these small dips on PLTR are necessary for it to keep skyrocketing
NIO & PLTR cannot moon on the same day, they share meme power
12/4 calls on PLTR worth it?
APHA is getting me high afff
APHA on the move
LAZR time?
PLTR 
Time to cover shorts! 
Relentless buying at the top, phump it
anyone buying nio calls today?
Quick history lesson - last time VIX and SPY moved up together, when SPY was ATH, we had a 10% correction the next week. Be careful, secure profits.
VXX looks exactly like SPY 


i think we bleed all day 
And of course lazr dips as soon as a I buy. Better go back very soon
Snow / zs about to have me retiring at 23
time for spy puts lol
Fun fact guys: when spy and vix rise together it means sell your calls and buy puts
I think ill go full Jameis Winston and have crab legs for dinner
if you look on the 2hr daily chart MACD you can see that the PLTR dip has concluded and the thrusters are going to engage
IM OUT BOYS, CASH GANG UNTIL S.EARS
Congrats on the new ATH
This market is ridiculous
This sub is finally going apeshit again lol I remember it was a ghost town September October, the only people around here were gay bears
Just when I thought the NIO dip was over and go 10k deep in March calls 
SPY $500 EOY
Can somebody explain this GME play to me? So i get that we all hold the shares until the squeeze, but when exactly is the squeeze? Is it just sometime hopefully in the near future? Or is there like an earnings report we're waiting on? 

Don't worry i have diamond  hands 
New York's hottest club is **SPY**

You know that thing of when you like... You have a wife, but she has a bf, but you're kinda down for that, but he has more money than you, but then your stocks hit ATH? That's SPY
\*ding\*

Good morning.  VIX, VVIX, VXX, UVXY, and SPX have turned on the fasten seatbelt sign.  The captains suggest a blow off top is under way and we may experience some turbulence.

Please stow all OTM options in the hands of the nearest bag holder on the bid.  Profits should be taken and please stow all hedges in the proper spot adjacent to your seats.

Please put your pending order tables up and fasten your seatbelts.   A brokerage representative will be collecting margin calls later in the flight for those who left positions out.

Thanks for flying the markets with us.
TSLA shakin out the paperhands. Hold the line comrades!
CVS to 71 today would be swell.
sold AAL calls for 158% gain
Yeah we arent gonna dump. Too much euphoria. Then everytime spy goes down any amount, Vix just tanks.
Somethings goin on with BB

over 1m volume in a single 1minute candle
Bye bye VIX, hello tendies!
ah shit CRSR is gonna drill , aint it
CRSR, every few days I think, maybe this stock won't be a huge waste of time and tied up resources and every few days I'm wrong.
everything is fading except for tesla 
Wtf is  doing?
Amazon is literally making me lose hair
Come on CRM - keep it up. Volume needs to pick up
I get the feeling the next bubble to pop is entertainment and travel.  Mooning way too soon based on how long a vaccine will realistically take to deploy to the general population and the rona explosion that's coming from Thanksgiving/Black Friday/Christmas.
Wth is going on with AAPL?
CRSR wat is you doin baby
You can take your time sweet PLTR, just make sure you get there by EOY, or I'll get belted in the face.
PLTR is the TQQQ to CRSRs QQQ
I really hope someone posts some ZS gain porn. That shit is crazy!
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1334519230633553924?s=19

Naturally aal up 8 percent
How do i put an upside down rocket emoji
What do you thinks bout cvs?
the anal-ysts couldn't even get Boeing right
can aapl pick a fucking side ffs
NKLA's GM deal expires today no?
go up to 368 one more time please i wanna cop a steal
I will never get over selling 2000 BA stock in the 180s.
Am I a boomer if I quit options but hold all meme stock shares
For real tho, MU 90$
ZS making millionaires and yall sleeping
Is CRSR worth getting into again?
Everyone in here jizzing over tech and Ev doing nothing but I dont see one comment about travel stocks fucking booming today smh gotta do everything yourself
Everyone with stocks is sayin', "I AIN'T FUCKIN SELLIN". (and that hurts my poots)
LAZR buy it
Been holding PTON since $40, time to liquidate. Thx for the tendies my friend 
MSFT and AAPL red on this day...... 
S-R-A-C carrying my portfolio today
Fucked up price action on TSLA.  Theres a heavy hand holding this down
holy shit all my stonks are green.
BA with some retard strength
CNBC pumping TSLA today.
Should I sell these GameStop shares or what 
Where do I buy a PS5?!
SPCE refueling
Push me to the edge. All my stonks are red
Guys why is the IV on n RKT$ so fucken high ?

I just notice 

For a stock that moves 20$-21$ it stays flat yet IV is so fucken high
Apple looking like an EKG
PLTR just needed to create more bag holders.
Is crm gonna come back up?
DLDO calls
Lets goo AAL $20 EOD
Blew up all my gains on CRM calls lmao what a joke
Thoughts on boeing hitting 240 eod?
[https://i.imgur.com/zRx0eU3.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/zRx0eU3.jpg)
Fck, who keeps shorting SPCE since Tues. It nearly broke through $30 three times in and out of hrs. Since that some fckr is bouncing it back. Bulls will win this as FAA flight is coming soon
Post covid stocks soaring. CCL, DAL.
I just put a quarter of my account in nio 12/24 $55c wish me luck and call me a retard
Unpopular opinion but the will they or wont they on stimulus was my least favorite reality show from last month and I dont wanna watch season 2 lol
I want NIO to back to 39 only to do what it did yesterday.
God I am so bad at finding plays, fucking everything I touch destroys my account
Reminder.. dont take profit in airlines.. they only goes uppies
Fuck you Pfizer and AMD 
Whens the last time you missed er so hard that u went from -5% pm to +13% in first hour of trade?  
#justsnowthings
Loving the NCLH 6/18 25c I bought last week.
This month might as well be pride month
GE is printing!!! Thanks Boomer.
Get in on SNOW!!! 
Wtf is with AAPL
Stimi is apparently close, but I wont believe a word old mitch says
RIP CCL put holders.
meme's fading
Fuck it TSLA 12/4 600C
Lotto ticket play please
Lol this analyst on CNBC saying Russia has done a good job taking care of their citizens because their travel levels are high. Have you seen Russias covid numbers? Has more than twice the deaths of Germany.
SPY may have some weak days but will overall moon until FED day on bullshit hope of tools or something. Rigged. Bear Fuk. Am Bear- can confirm.
AMD gunna finish way green today and AMZN still waiting to run idk when the fuck its going to happen tho
Buy Costco ahead of earnings?
CRSR just gived up or something?
PLTR shorters lock in profits form the 25 drop!
Wtf SNOW
What to do with FB?
Vix up: be careful all :)
Corsair cucks how you feeling? Im feeling terrible and have lost a lot of money.
Can any of you astrologists tell me if TSLA looks like it's breaking out above 600? My gut and autistic senses say so. New ATH today on that massive 780 upgrade.
Apple will rise buy the dip
Why tf is AAPL always down when everything is up
OPEC meeting kicked off an hour ago. Hoping for good news before the weekend.
AAL call up 100% today. Why did I not go all in
nkla go down you fuck
Have a couple day trades available but not seeing any moves worth making
Tesla gang RISE up!
You were my hero CRSR! Why? Whyd you have to shit the bed like that? I HATE YOU CORSAIR GAMING I HATE YOU!!!
Buy WMT leaps and forget about them
Remember folks none of these calls and puts are real! This is just a funny calculator game! Money isnt real! Cant wait for the release of Robinhood 2!!! Im ready to preorder
Reddit was down for me for the last 30 minutes. Tried to find ways to buy puts.
psa: amzn flag complete, moon shoot imminent
The new sick day is just texting your boss your power is out. Hell yea
Everything is so freaking bullish.
AAL going full retard strength
RKT bid ask spread is fucking gay
[deleted]
Finally my fucking 150k worth of BA is doing something.
Take out $240 BA come on baby
4 CRM 222.50 Calls expiring tomorrow. Come on baby, don't even need much movement upwards.
Spy got rejected hard at 368
this unbelievably stupid apple movement has totally fucked my calls
Holy travel stock day batman.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/investorplace.com/2020/12/far-from-being-overdone-palantir-stock-is-set-to-run/amp/
BA 250 EOD confirmed the news today could not be more bullish holy shit so glad I bought in.
They are squeezing Boeing now. There are 2 huge gaps at $250 and $321. With vaccine rolling out this month, airline may recover 2/3 of its value pre-covid
just PUMP APHA before they vote on it tomorrow
Tim Apple what the fuck are you doing.
Im not selling these $CCL calls to the moon 
Bought some dal and pltr calls yesterday afternoon.  Been a pretty good day so far.
I dont even care bro, fuck you, im not selling shit
cmon crsr
Just bought PLTR 12/18 30c. Smart or dumb?
stop researching individual biotech plays (shit is beyond most of our expertise). just put it all in ARKG and let Cathy Bae make u fat and happy
Holy shit travel gonna just keep going all day
Thoughts on APTX or XERS?
*Dear Mr Burry*

 *We have no confidence* in your ability to identify WSB trends
This day is ridiculous. No gains hold anymore
Build a bear up 10 percent
AAL going to $20 today at this rate
RIGHT AFTER I MAKE GAINS IM SWITCHIN TO CRIPS
If your doubting $BA than you have a smooth brain 

Certification on planes, UK getting a vaccine use more people will travel and go out and once the States getting a emergency vaccine use expect major new price targets for airlines 

Git gud retard
fucking urban outfitters raping me again....guess I'll switch over to Pier 1
GME short squeeze prior to earnings gonna be wild
Wtf is GME doing
GME holders. Patience and a few more days. Will pay off bigly.
IWM 
PLTR and NKLA puts wanted to fuck me so hard. But BA  aint taking none of that.
My brain is in a pretzel...VXX and SPY are following each other
Lets go BA break 240
So boys, whats the next move?
Tip for people playing ccl long term: in case you're playing leaps, take care when you set your price target. Their shares have been diluted over the last year.
SHAK to the moon! A stimmy might pump this.
AMZN you piece of shit
haha every move I've made this week has been dogshit
Yo why is tech in the toilet, just logged in for the day
amzn why dont u ever moon for me
What is corsairs short interest? Can anyone see?
Been trying to tell y'all to jump in RIOT for 3 weeks now. Magic coin is about to pop off and shits going nuts!  Only regret is not putting more in it
Anyone else in on WORK calls?
Weed stocks for the house vote?
fucking hilarious how RTX falls 5% when BA falls 3%, RTX up 1-2% when BA up 6% mother fucker
Blackberry fucking blows
gonna walk away and come back to one of two things, tendies or bankrupt
Wrong way XPEV you fuckin douche
yo SQ CHWY or ICLN calls
Gme is pissing me off wheres the squeeze retards
DKNG is looking ripe
You can have PLTR or GME, not both
Spy fading hard
wtf AAPL
GME gonna tank until earnings?
Nasdaq just went red 
Corsair is so oversold what the fuck? It cant go above $35
I managed to sell PLTR at 25.36 on a market order today. That's above the high point on the day chart, didn't even know that was possible. I guess the sale was at such a low volume it didn't register on the charts brokerages have?
Incremental moves up on TSLA being met with algo hard sell off.  Need to jack the fuck out of these machines man
Can someone nudge TSLA?   Think it fell asleep.
What the FUCK is happening to Apple? I keep getting burnt and I keep coming back to this shit company.
Whole market crashing but my portfolio  and I aint no bear

Did I finally crack the code? 
Hold
Corona is cured, everyone is flying again 
Fuck 
What is the opposite of an infinity squeeze? Looking at you GME
Ouch aapl that hurts!
Lol I'm in danger
> Schumer says McConnell does not seem inclined to compromise.

lol McConnell gonna need to hire PLTR soon if he keeps this up
LMAOOOO wtf is happening

That flash crash lol
[deleted]
lol this is my worst day this month jesus
" Schumer warns of a double-dip recession without a strong COVID relief bill and says McConnell so far does not seem inclined to compromise.  McConnell continues to urge Dems to agree to what Trump is willing to sign. "

&#x200B;

lmao this dumbass timeline - market about to drop on autistic stimulus talks
BA hitting 250 over the weekend?
MMs shaking the tree again
Balls deep in this GME and nio dips. Trying out selling strong positions and buying wsb meme corrections
This is such a FOMO day it hurts
You losers make it sound like PLTR is crashing. 

*Check* +8%, alright.
Goldman needs to do better PR - I need more people to pile in to Tesla
what kind of fuckery is this... where are we headed man
TSLA hold???
LMAO

ITS STILL GREEN AND THESE DUMBASSES WANNA CALL IT A DIP
lazr go pewpew
Do we get the gay wizard PLTR meme today
+8% to -6% on the ol' memefolio in about 15 mins. Impressive.
No one is mentioning Ino, Arct and other companies that use the RNA technology, but have a much smaller market cap than MRNA. Literally free money!
I have unlimited day trades bc not poor give me a day trade to escape this feeling of numb
9 tickers I have positions in and my best performing one is currently -1.9% 
CRSR is the new Nevada
that guy who made 11$ to 3k had BA calls, hes already 2x
Anyone think some aapl fd be good
Whats something to buy right now
Wtf apple. And spy.   they better hit the after burner before closing
Guys, Ive been holding AAPL for one day and its slow as a 
It is actually illegal for SPY to go red once its gone green. Im pretty sure Powell said that.
If AMZN can get to 3300 by EOW then its going to be a white Christmas for me 
How TF is NKLA above $5 still?
my biggest worry is that this sub will move on from GME
How's the GME toothpaste squeeze play coming along?
PLEASE MAKE SOME MEMES FOR PLTR!!! PLEASE VIDEOS GET MORE UPVOTES!!!
Everyday I think today is the day I don't stare at my phone the entire day watching cents change and I'll just casually check in a few times throughout the day. lmao
Look at all the idiots buying the dip.
Anyone going into airlines?
Any $LAZR pew pew frens in here? I bought monthlies and leaps. I'm making some serious meme tendies.
Every dip insta bought on the index futures. Verrrryyy reminiscent of the Oct-Feb grind higher last year.
AAL lets gooooo $25 EOW
PLTR boys asking for technicals lol now that's funny
Ah, the return of Kang Gang.
CRM is a long term hold?
God I love GME! I'm loaded up on shares with $1.56 cost basis, BTFD since september. It literally can't go tits up now. Best company ever
MORE CROISSANT@@!! MORE!!!!!!
I love this market so much stimulus talks going well 
DKNG experiencing heavy call option volume, load up gentleman.
Everyone rotate back into CRSR we're taking off for another +10% day
So Friday of last week I bought 600 in PLTR calls due to reddit.  Monday market opens and I'm in the green for a few minutes and then boom it nosedives.  I held until Tuesday and finally said fuck it, sold the call for 200 and bought puts.  Puts go the fuck off and I get 1200 back.  I sold yesterday and then waited until I felt it was going back down and bought more puts.  Got fucked today and sold those puts for 600 and bought more calls only this time expiring at end of January instead of end of week.  So hopefully it can just gain without any research groups giving it shit.
SPY is a lying bitch
UPS follow my delivery is cool but I just watched the truck on the map drive right past my neighborhood and go somewhere further down the road so puts on UPS
LMAO NKLA Stocktwits talking about a gap fill to $26

what do y'all think about that?
100% grade A organic free range market action right there
Pilantirs graph would look like CMPS if it wasnt targeted by hit pieces all week
I picture a bunch of guys standing at a control board with a big knob labeled PLTR going "No wait...watch I'm gonna turn it up a bit and then...BAM..turn it back down again" while laughing their asses off
here comes a pltr pump
I'm smart again
RyanAir at a 52w week high already - checks out
[deleted]
Why is it that the stocks based on the worst fundamentals are the ones that go up the most?
Hello hello hello docu calls or puts?
Did Crispr cure cancer and I just didn't hear about it wtf
$SNOW valuation is retarded
LGVW hitting heights
Holy shit aal
CCL puts?
Am I a retard for holding CBAT shares?
Am I supposed to buy or sell what am I doing
Tesla theta just eating me up on 12/18 calls
alright, got some PLTR fd's, lets get that 10% day tomorrow lol
SPLK rising
Travel stocks for the win
Cmon Mango... tweet PLTR MOONING just one time.
NIO setting up for 
Who keeps pinning GME at 16$
WHYY Y DO I KEEPPEP LOOOSOSIJG ALLL MY MONNSNENEEEEEY AGGGHHDKDBKSISBSJSKAOAKAJW
TSLA theta eating my ass to hell rn
thank you to the guy who made the DD for CCL, that shit is saving my portfolio rn
SPY $369 the sacred number
Anyone know why Astrazeneca is tanking today? FYI they make the DNA based vaccine, which is tried and tested method of vacination and also doent require -80'c to store it, a regular refrigerator can store it 8'C. (Moderna and PFizer are mrna). Doesnt make sense. What am I missing?
Just wait until LMND turns into a meme stock
HYLN - YES OR NO?
I get very suspicious when everyone seems to be on a stock. I've been long on Tesla since 2018 but I don't know even CNBC is propping it up
Guess Im playing DOCU earnings
Mr Musk, tear down that 590 wall.  You cuntmeat fuck.  That is all.
 <- me, looking for a reentry point in travel somewhere
CRSR making a mountain range today
LISA SU PLS
Can we stop with the fb lawsuits please? I got calls that need printing
Apple waking up.  Just had to sleep in a little this morning
Wasnt AAL literally the one with the biggest airline debt?
Let's go SPY 369C Dec4
CCL just hit stage 2 of moonshot  
Im shorting everything said the bear with $500 in the account
I always sell my calls too early... BA 
Hey tsla truck on wsb  
means TSLA gonna deliver for Christmas   
LES GOOO
Hands of diamond, head of steel $LAZR
I used to dip and rip daytrade on tech. New trend by algos seems to be pump pre-market then sell-off all day 
Travel is poppin
Tsla calls all week!! To much upside
Looks like I will see THC B like i put money in a HYSA earning .5% interest lol
AMD feels like it is bottoming out, or preparing to drill

Can't really tell which....
Jesus AAL short squeezing
Sold BA too early when it was up 5%
AAPL finally bouta move eh?
**Does anyone else use their RH account as a check on personal spending? Instead of ordering garbage on Amazon because I'm bored I just drop the amount into RH. Ironically, I then light that money on fire before the market even opens the next day, so no flesh light and no money.**
Buy CCL if you like making money
LAZR???
Anyone in on LAZR? Casually up 6% after buying what I thought was the top...
want to buy GME calls here but the impl vol is crazy
Started a travel stock portfolio last week with some extra money, shit already up 10%. All airlines, cruise lines. I should throw in casinos.
CHWY gonna go insane
Holy fuck my amd puts just got fucked
Fuck it in on 12/18 $20 gme calls dont let me down you tards
Worst airline, go!
Investors keep saying Tech is overvalued and we'll eventually rotate out of it. Nay. Tech is a way of life. Every business will be subsumed by and or merged with tech companies the way Wal-Mart replaced mom-and-pop shops in the early 2000s. New normal.
Snap makes no sense, what is this. And why am I not a part of this.
Actually decent chance NIO and Xpeng get a W shaped recovery. Either way still going to be boring until the Run up into NIO day prolly going to average in the 50s on both till then waaaa
AMD  lets go
Oh sorry guys, I forgot to hit the Start GME short squeeze button my bad
CCL CCL CCL CCL CCL its fishhooking
I kinda want to keep gambling with the money I made, but Im withdrawing my principal + 2 grand tomorrow once my funds settle. Had a 6k account worth 12k, will have 4K left to play with. 

Its not as fun but I literally cant lose now
That feeling when you're waiting for your retirement money to transfer to schwab to buy the jets etf and you decide to fomo in on robinhood after its up 5% already...
I cashed out of my positions this morning and I feel like there's nothing good to even buy right now
Options red watchlist green 
My wife just asked me if I was interested in pegging. What do I do
Yall said INTC three times like beetle juice aint u

Sleeping giant about to start swinging
I was just talking with my aunt who's an analyst at Blackrock and telling her I was all in on GME and PLTR. When she asked why I slipped and said "because stocks only go up retard." Thanks degenerates.
Imagine not buying PLTR yesterday at 13% off after some jackass downgraded it to get cheap shares.
PLTR
I give PLTR 15mins before it starts tanking into oblivion.
Mr. Thiel will save us
PLTR PM smells like bull trap, and im invested.. waiting til open to make moves
Pltr a buy at 23.5 or do not touch?
Tesla bulls, take some profit and help push Apple over $125
Out of PLTR with a quick +$1200 stock trade
lmfao @ those doubting PLTR yesterday
Lets all hop aboard the PLTR and see what this puppy can do
PLTR is going up because I sold at the absolute bottom.  I diamond hands through all the drops until I couldn't and welp.

Time for me to get out of WSB, thanks for the fish.
[I posted the PLTR chart on IG yesterday. ](https://i.imgur.com/Mv4Xoo5.jpg)
Calls on 
Did my EV boys enjoy watching that bounce on NIO and XPEV yesterday? Get your !remindmes on this comment because we are about to watch them rip today.
STOP THE COUNT!
Lets goo EVs boom part 2
My spidey sense (i.e. balls tingly) make me feel we've been in a month long bull trap...it could also be herpes 
I really wanted to see that guy eat shit
My local bank charges poor people a $6 monthly fee if their account is below $1500. How is that shit even fucking legal? Ive been using Schwab checking for half a year while my local bank keeps racking a negative balance. You played yourselves because Im not paying shit
Yeeeeeee! Tesla & PLTR . Meme stonks are back on the menu boys
Bulls over here happy about winning a few thousands on calls while the dollar loses it's value and the economy still is in the shits.
Its actually insane the amount of money that was probably thrown at Palatears the past few weeks and the amount of those throwing the money who actually know what the company is/does. 

Idk wtf they do either besides national security n killing terorrists
Yesterday yoloed into AAPL, AMD, ACB, PFE, and SPOT. All OTM 12/4s

Am I gonna make it bros or has the rope aning arrived?

Edit: goodbye cruel world
TLSA gang...hold...we're shooting for the moon here.
ETA...before noon today.
Hmm its to flat this morning. Have a feeling some crazy gonna happen today 
let's get $25 PLTR
buy the NIO dip, retards. It always does this dont bitch out and sell
TSLA selloff will be glorious.
PLTR!!!!!
Goddamn how are so many of you retards *still* in PLTR
How funny were all the gay bears yesterday looking down on PLTRtards. Were ya at now bears? imagine not buying the dip yesterday.

Fuck Shitron.


TSLA...can we settle in and just start climbing already...paper hands are out now
PLTR folks (myself include) take some money here be careful.
So many sell orders just taken out on PLTR. Clear sailing ahead boys
Fuck you selling pltr, Im coming to kill yall !!
PLTR!!! 
PLTR BEARS FUCK YOU AND YOUR MUM
PLTR $26 EOD
Yes yes. Keep feeding the PLTR algorithm. 
Just an FYI this is what the typical morning looks like for PLTR when it goes on a 20% ripper. Get in now.
Imagine not buying NIO under 50...
Come back to this thread is 30 mins and see if there are any people pumping PLTR still
Is there any chance PLTR could get to 30 by tomorrow
All of you Palantir bears are so stupid. You guys really dont like money, huh?
PLTR short squeeze incoming
PLTR has reached simple jack levels of retardation
PLTR BACK TO 25!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RIP to all the clowns who paper handed out of PLTR
Where were those pltr gay bears betting on the dip lol
Fellow PLTaRds, rejoice
If you didnt buy at least 1x PLTR 25c 12/4 at 0930 you aint a Palantard. I am.
Daddy Elon, the  was suppose to go in my mouth! NOT MY ASS
Hey all you that shorted PLTR, open your mouths for me real quick 
If palantir ends above 24.5 this is a massive win
I think that the PLTR higher low is finally established

$22 should be our short term floor I am hoping
Pltr
PALANTARGGHHHHHH 
yeah market is not going to dump ever we are going up forever every single day no matter what for sure lol I am such a fucking dumbass im never buying puts ever again, oh wait you know what? actually im going to dump 50% of my acc into puts expiring today to teach myself a lesson on why to never buy puts, just so its ingrained in my fucking skull holy shit i hate myself
Real talk: do you have PLTR shares, calls, or puts?
Can FB pull an apple and recover ??
Boyz wait for a new contract for PLTR shit is gonna go bezerk again
GME cup and handle formation complete, prepare for takeoff 
Apple is cucking me 
looking at the IV on my GME calls   
NOT FUCKING SELLING
**SENTIMENT GAUGE**

  Upvote if bullish on Tesla

 Downvote if bearish on Tesla
TSLA calls at open
If my PLTR 30c 12/18 print I will post a pic of my sucking my big toe.... *passionately*
GME is my hidden treasure, I think Im fallin in love 
Stock Market is at ATH,  Stimulus cancel.  

Obviously people don't need money for bills if they are yoloing on stock.
PLTR 45 c 12/15
Fuck I sold 27c on PLTR 
If you did not buy PLTR talk to me Im doing research on your specimen
PLTR def getting to 30 or 35 by the end of the day
Drill team 6 having their pre match huddle before another hard day of piledriving PLTR into the fucking ground
FUCK YOU RETARDS PALANTIR TO THE FUCKING MOON
Ok I'll bite.

What's PLTR?
Grab your popcorns and watch autistic wsb cunts lose money on pltr all over again
Remember when Pelosi went off on CNN for questioning her not taking 1.8T? I wonder what shes gonna say in her next interview.
So what we thinking? Will NIO en XPeng tank again before hours and fly to the moon after?
[deleted]
BABA 270 by end of the week?
Will TSLA hold 590 by open? Place your bets
I HEARD WE SHOULD LONG THE IRAQI DINAR IT'S WAY DOWN COMPARED TO 2002!!!
Should I buy TSLA at open?
I bought tsla at $400 sold at $500 because I was doubtful on our lord and savior daddy Musk. How stupid am I?
lmfao 90k PLTR shares waiting to be dumped at $24.74. You mother fucker

&#x200B;

\*Edit: and fuck you to the guy waiting to buy 10k shares at .01 -\_\_\_\_-
NIO 55 eod.
Sell my 12/4 PLTR calls at open or hold?
The market is constipated. It needs to finally take a giant shit.
$LAZR going $50-80
[deleted]
Ass down, Penis up!
AAPL 12/4s

Any soldiers still in formation?
Tim Apple
bullish on GME

 https://imgur.com/LzuNoFx
S R A C
Red or Green Day for PLTR
look at all the retards thinking BABA will be delisted next year. try reading you fucks
Looks like GME formed that "Cup Handle" deformity you all were talking about.
PLTR please give me a giant green dildo to end my suffering
[deleted]
If you don't jump on LAZR IPO this morning, you hate money. I got in yesterday afternoon $15 when it was GMHI, and it's already at $22 this morning under new ticker LAZR.
Good morning fellas. Remember that trades sometimes take more time to span out.

Don't get out of pos out of boredom. If your reasoning still holds and nothing has changed then wait you Fucking degenerates who can't live without "fast food"


Oh yeah. Last but not least. Buy low, sell high cunts
This is your daily reminder to continue to buy GME shares. Make sure you do this now so when GameStop  runs the world you will be looked upon kindly by our gaming overlords
Updated price targets

TSLA $780

PLTR $69
DONT DO IT NIO DONT DO IT
[deleted]
Moscow Mitch rejected the stimulus plan.
Tsla gonna dump at open get ready to buy the dip
# TIM COCK WITH THE BIG DILDO
Pltr taking the fuck off 
Go PLTR!  35 by EOD
PLTR ripping, just as Citron planned.
PLTR baby, i knew you wouldn't let me down <3
Moon baby!! PLTR
Did someone say PLTR rug or magic carpet?
If youre still unsure, buy shares of PLTR now and hold them for 2-3 years. If youve been losing on calls, try this play and youll get 10x return guaranteed by 2023.
Looks like Lord of the Rings memes are back on the menu, boys!
So stimulus checks cost 290b for one time. They'd rather put 500 billion into fraudulent ppp loan programs than continue to provide critical support for Americans.

Market won't like that ordinary gets more money because they want it. God I hate this fucking market
Up CRSR!! UP!!!
PLTR to da moon!
TSLA breaking out above 600 today boys
I'm not I could have handled another red day for PLTR. 
PLTR just has giant fucking volume both way lol
Climb TSLA Climb
Careful of rug pull friends. VIX rising
See BA touches 230
*flashback to June 8*
Buying puts today 215 12/18
Stable markets? Spy trading in a 50 cent range every day? Is this what we have to look forward to in the next 4 years? Sounds like the death of WSB. Rip option traders.
BuY tHe GME DiP gUyS, LiMiT SeLL $500 
The  always disappoints 
Go PLTR it will rise
did  do something or is this shit dead wtf
Insider info: BABA 280 by eod.
Apple you dumb bitch
Goldman sachs:. Thanks for holding our TSLA bags
Lol PLTR to the moon amirite guys?
Yesterday: "PLTR shares sliding!"
Today: up 10%
I love this market
# PLTR TO THE MOOONNN!!!!!
FUCK U CITRONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
PLTR YOUR BACK!!
We got confidence to PLTR calls tmrw ?
lets get pltr to 25.5
PORNHUB STOP FUCKEN REDIRECTING ME TO PORNHUB PREMIUM OK NO I DONT WANNA PAY 9.99

A month REEEE !!!

At least step your access to VR porn and Mabey we can talk
spotify up $62 in 2 days over people posting their playlists on social media. bubble has to pop
PLTR is more of a casual 25% play
Is it 30 min until thicc beebe tendies vote?
Sold my 0DTE PLTR calls at 25. Holding more calls for next week for the ride up to 30. 

Well done team!
If you need proof that Wall Street figured out to play the average investor when it comes to covid, look at the the death count, case count, and hospitalizations just yesterday and compare that to what spy just did in todays first hour of trading.
Why would anyone buy an etf when you could just buy 50 different stocks and avoid the expense ratios and collect more in dividends
yea, 0% chance PLTR closes red, gg
Thic   can go to hell, if I'm not seeing any merger news or extension by eod im dumping this shit
Boys and girls, retards and retardettes. 
The show is about to begin. 
Hold on to your seat and buckle up. 
The NIO and XPEV rockets are about to start. 
Next stop: THE MOON 

if we all get into telsa we can make it break 600 and watch it moon to 800 eow
Thinking of loading the boat with PLTR January 2022 28 calls.
*SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP*
Gme ravaged
Fuck Tim
That was the dip. Now. Its gonna just pump back to where it was. 
$SNOW went from RIP  to RIPPPPPPPPING  right quick
 on its way to correction.
I guess thic  meeting went well? Any news on it?
PLTR do something...
Does anyone here have money I can borrow?
Mango if you tweet you're bullish on PLTR Ill go change my vote to be for you.
Airlines and cruise must know a second bail out is coming. Congress loose lips.
Let's go GME turn green today. You've done it before
You could literally buy any ticker and make money in this market.
okay you fucking losers. I created a WSB ETF its called the 3 pee pees'  PLTR, PTON, and fucking PSTH. Buy these or you hate money.
Guess no circuit breakers today? 
 hive has been in their merger meeting for what feels like an entire day. Just vote dummies!!
Imagine not buying that apple dip...
Last chance to board TSLA  to Valhalla. $600.EOD
PLTR reminds me so much of RKT around the same high, dump super fast to 20
PLTR will never be under $9 again
Wow pre market crew def the worst of all the daily chat crews.
[deleted]
Not a single bear in sight, rug pull is near
PLTR up 5.26%.  Shitron done fucked up 
Lets go. 130 EOW. 
thrusters engaged: check

seatbelts buckled: check

fuel tank filled: check

moon memes on standby: check

>!you already know PLTR about to take off!<
Make sure you get out of PLTR Im diving back in after selling my shares at 21.62
PLTR about to break out bigly 

35 at close 

50 eod Friday
Mods don't even like PLTR, APX, C11C, TaylorSFT, THC, stronk 
Circuit breaker triggered for CRSR. Short restriction activated. https://www.nasdaqtrader.com/trader.aspx?id=ShortSaleCircuitBreaker
Record coronavirus deaths + cases = Record SPY levels

Love this fucking market - who knew a pandemic would be so good for stocks
Wow that was it.  The last Palintir dip ever.
THC, PIC, or NIO at open?
Pump up the stock, pump it up 

While your orders are filling 

And your positions are printing 

Look at here the autists is jumpin

Pump it up a little more 

Get a party going on the trading floor 

Seek us thats where the parties at 

And youll find out if youre a 
Only 3 minutes have passed by in the last 3 minutes
In Africa, another minute has passed in the last 60 seconds
imagine selling PLTR yesterday 
ROFL  the howler monkeys are back (PLTR) 
sold my PLTR I think 25 is a fair price considering everything that has happened this past week
if pltr was at $69 a share its market cap would be just over $100billion so i think we know where this is going
Pltr looks like its about to take off
Moon mission a go and ready for lift-off!
Imagine being a soyboy that scalped enough PS5s to commemorate each time he watched his wife and her boyfriend have sex, & is using the proceeds to provide alimony and child support for his soon to be ex-wifes son and if there is anything left over he MIGHT get a beaten down PS2 for his cuck shed.
[deleted]
What's the play today boys?
Sell off to start or buy premarket ?
MU over 70 
What time does Tesla launch today 
I'm a Bull who buys puts.

VIX to the center of the Earth!
Would anyone like to feed my confirmation bias? I got DKNG calls.
Real talk tho I love seeing tsla crm and pltr up but I do be feeling kinda sad when I see other shits up 10% or more pm
you guys think netflix is a buy today?
gonna be another day of wanting to shoot myself in the kneecap
NKLA was up yesterday, so we buy FD puts today.
TNDM 15/01 call
So this morning Jeff called me and asked if he should split AMZN stock and I said yes and he said but then the price would go down and Im no gay bear and I said but everyones too poor and he said thats too bad
Get in on JD calls. Bounced off the 50 DMA hard yesterday. Dec 8 health IPO could mean instant gratification for however much those trade above the 3.5B HK offering. The noise has died down for the regulatory/audit crap and short interest has been extremely high leading up to that.
So is PFE actually going somewhere now?
Is selling puts on red days pretty much free money? Although its only a once a month thing.

Any theta gang people can confirm?
CRM 230 eow and my emotional connection with my positions are HEAVILY influencing this DD
Sleep with one eye open

-man who deletes his tweet
Splunk has been absolutely massacred
Yall holding or selling your Tesla?
Oil crashing ? Anyway to play ?
Buy calls on oxygen. Apparently there is a shortage

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/k5o22y/calgary_hospitals_told_to_conserve_oxygen_due_to/
Dollar so weak. Which one of you cucks selling his wife for 5 ?
Wheres my big brain autist At. Why is steel on the run
I bought docu $290 12/11/2020. Am I retarded?
Sell teslA at 9:30 or 9:32?
Surprised no ones talking about BNTX especially because next week its probably going to skyrocket
If PFE doesnt get its ass back over $41 Im waiting for the Moderna vaccine.
Sold my AP-XT shares yesterday but instead bought more warrants on dip to 2.80 range. Trading at 3.60s now. Das it
any interesting 1dte play today?
I bought an ITM put on NKLA yesterday sorry guys
Splunk got dumpstered, holy fuk
Looks like SQ was the right play
$750. What would y'all do?
BB to 8.50 EOD? Possible?
i mean he is a god damn autist
Fuckin European union holding my tendies on amzn
BA! I can only get so hard!
Lazr opening at $20
What are we shorting today?
Taking my last $1000 gain this week and putting it into ULTA 245P. Someone inverse me so one of us make money
Market acting like its closed this Thursday too
ICLN really loves .22
Debating whether or not to exercise my PLTR 15c 12/4... premium was already covered from selling other contracts early. Dont know if I should just take the money and run in case of a further slide, or execute because Im bullish long term...
Holy fuck SIG. I remember some autistic DD on them back in July pitching puts when they were in the $10 range
If anybodys getting tired of crazy yolos, amazon call spreads for the end of the month are a solid short term play.

Where will you be when Pfizer hits ?
CRSR wtf.
Wow LIZI. Never heard of it, but nice.
wonder how jobs will be, not that the market cares anymore
Do we think this will pass? How are you playing this?  


[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/house-gets-ready-for-historic-vote-on-federal-marijuana-prohibition-192829701.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/house-gets-ready-for-historic-vote-on-federal-marijuana-prohibition-192829701.html)
Hope amd has 1 more giant pump left
Travel stocks pumping with fda approval imminent.
MASSIVE AMD ERECTION INCOMING
Which one of you is going to realize my gains and take over these future PFE bags today?
Cmon PAL get back up to 30
I want to go all in on FB 300 calls solely based on the Oculus. Antitrust/election bullshit is the only thing holding me back
AAAPPPPPPLLLLLLLEEEEE
Someone reassure me weed stonks will moon
why do numbers keep going up?
Well I was kind of hoping for one more chance to get a NIO dip to load up but looks like the opportunity is gone boys, guess Ill see yall on the moon
Bb avg is now 7.91.can't go tits up
I too enjoy watching the entirety of civilization hinge on the balance of a few big companies with enough money. 

Softbank's actions will be seen as tiny when it's revealed what other players have been doing
Looks like today is gonna be a classic EV pump day. Lets gooooo
Only dickheads are buying SNOW up right now.
100%
How long do you typically hold your leap position?
Freed up 500 at the end of the day yesterday whats the play at open?
Are the musketeers selling at open or holding?
Circuit dicks coming right up 
mamma JMIA here i go again
my my how can I resist you
No way MM let all those 12/4 600c print
Fuck $SQ, sold 12/4 210c yesterday at 200 to cut losses because of IV being so low.
Anyone know what DD means?
Jobless claims today
All I ask is for another CVS pump day.
Lots of NIO talk, what about LI?
SHOP. bouncing off support
SWBI up pre market. Earnings after the bell today. Should definitely crush them and jump to $20 or near it. 
Dec 18 $17.50 calls
How low will SNOW go today. Sell puts at open to cover other put losses or hold for the first half hour. Im afraid of a big bounce.
Futures are flatter than ___  ________  _______
Splunk goin down the shitter
How is DOCU 40b market cap and CLDR 4b? Is DOCU not super overvalued or does it seem right?
Damn spy being all bipolar this AM
Platinum up 18% in last month

gold and silver to follow.

Death of dollar, death of fiat.
Delisting Bill passes and xpev up premarket? This stock market stuff wild.
At what time today can I expect my AAPL 127Cs to print?
I am buying KR stock premarket on this huge drop. Autistic or ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5p6c5/tsla_to_valhalla/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Tesla gang wya
given these ui new and continuing numbers, anything less than spy 370 today is unacceptable!
Vyvanse or Adderall XR? On 50 MG of Vyvanse and I legit cant eat the entire day and feel content being alone in my room for 8 hours.
Give me a YOLO play for open the jobless claims has me too hyped
MIK killed earnings and up 5%. 40% is short and need to cover
Idk about you guys was just checking TSLA chart huge low bid placed and drop hammer guys this might drop like a rock be carful I might buy puts
SPY didnt you hear everyone has jobs again? You can wake up anytime bud.
Alrighty bois calls on $AMD, $APPL, $MFST, $DKNG -> who is my winner today?! 
Apxttt baby lets goooo!!!
Pacb if you see a dip
Big money Rollin into lazr ...
$VMAR low float, electric vehicle play. Bitch might squeeze if EVs are back in play.
MIK MIK MIK
crm 
Yolo on TSLA weeklies, monthlies on CHWY and AAL. The duality of man.
The PM gap ups are gone  everyone's waiting for their next door neighbor to buy in the morning
When are we buying XPeng en NIO? Are we expecting a small drop in the first 30min?
I want paypal to keep mooning
All in on BA or is that dumb?
Mayday mayday
Market wrong way mofo. Go back up
Buy the dip on KR
Catastophic jobs report for any other year but 2020 beats expectations of being worst jobs report this quarter. ATH secured.
I mean jobless claims did beat expectations.... bullish
Haha the big short battle  need some popcorn
Guys on cnbc going off this morning lmao
My 1/8 25c pltr looking nice 

Might sell today and get in lower on the inevitable fade
Whats lazr doing today?
So guys - sideways or red today for CRSR? I think both
Is there a platform where you can see the complete movement of a stocks price during the period of time after AH and before PM?
DKNG wtf are you doing
why is BABA and JD up when there is a bill requiring them to get audits that will get signed soon?
Anybody buy the NET dip?
2020:a SPAC odyssey.
Monolith's, AI, sorry Pojihut can't post that ticker.
The 3 previous TSLA verticals this year have been a SPY top
AMD pls
would really like to see us touch 3630 today on /es
You son of a bitch, im in
Give us this our daily thread already *(and bless us with thine tendies)*
Thoughts on LAZR rn? Just out today, should I stand by and wait or go in now?
Whats a good all in shares play for today
AMD to 96 by 10am and I'm gucci for the day.
When will RH me trade AP XT options? Why would they restrict my ability to gamble money?
Weed! https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/k5880a/congress_can_end_federal_prohibition_against/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
someone stop me from buying UNG calls
Thanks SPY. Very Cool. 
Everyone looking at Tesla pump rn

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrg-RgF5F8o](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrg-RgF5F8o)
Docusign
Why CRM dropped so much after merger? Is this typical?
If by some miracle we get a +1.5t stimi do we see spy 400 before eoy or is it riced in?
FCEL bouncing back real nice!
IVR 
Pour one out for us fellow Europoor retards having their Portfolio in USD 

RIP USD 

EUR.USD 1.21
Amazon is gonna tank at open like the last 7 days
Shame on all the boomers for not buying msft this month. Shame I say
Walmart giving bonuses to employees? Puts it is.
FCEL PUMP TIME
Anyone watching CPE
Alexa, play Pump It Up by Joe Budden
Lmao this battle going on in GME
Whats my opening bell play?
(power to the players)
What do ZM investors like company wise? 

So many retarded choices like ZM but I want to front-run their next picks once they rotate out of of ZM due to the lack of growth.
time to open those 12/31 300c??
$MU on the moon mission.
Market dont get outta bed for under 2T. $900b is nothing.
One else getting in on LAZR? I think I might buy some far out calls on margin but not sure if its the best move
I got 5k CVX loss I'm trying to make up before end of year, and missed getting in yesterday. Damn.Will it keep climbing...my crystal ball foggy...oh well, I'm be watching TSLA today, so...
Boomers are gonna beat wsb to the BABA rebound. 
 at opening or dump?
Airlines popping today
[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1334502861296832513?s=20](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1334502861296832513?s=20)

>CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE - HAS CANCELLED SELECT ITINERARIES FOR SPECIFIC OPERATIONS IN 2021 $CCL
Who's ready for a mini TSLA squeeze?
How high can DIS go
Looking to pick up some SBUX dec 11 100c. They have their investor day on the 9th and hopefully give some positive commentary since management is beginning to sound more optimistic.
PFE $50 EoY
red days are impossible market is green forever for the next 20 years everyday non stop
Trying to  my TSLA 12/18 $600c as long as possible, maybe roll to 12/24 or Jan
AMC  filed for the sale of up to 200.0 million Class A shares. Based on Wednesday's stock closing price of $4.32, the offering could be worth up to $864 million, which compares with AMC's market capitalization of $593.5 million. AMC said it may sell the shares from time to time, in one or more series or issuances, and on terms that will be determined at the time of the offering. The company said it had 85.6 million Class A shares and 51.8 million Class B shares outstanding as of Oct. 30.
LAZR to the MOON
Jumping 1/15 25c PLTR
How hard this green going to dump at open?
Should I sell my CRWD leaps at open? I think this stock has room to run
Does anyone think PSTH is still a good entry at the current price?
SQ 220c for March a good idea?
Selling my 12/4 600c at open so I dont have to stress lmfao
 bois ride today
Should I buy more crsp?
Calls at open for a quick 5 minute pump?
Best of luck all.
Buy some PLTR and save my 12/4 40c
Thinking of picking up some PENN calls for April. With MI about to open up sports betting, Im thinking PENN (and Barstool) will push super hard there. 

PENN 4/16 $90
So nothing is mooning,
Too late to get into CRM calls?
goodluck everyone!
Stop shorting snap
Good luck. Pencils up
where is all these NIO volume coming from
oh nose.

my heckin dollarino dieded.
LETS FUCKING GO 
Sumo logic!!!
Please keep your seat in the upright position during take off, and thank you for flying AMD
Why Tesla every morning I diiiip
Literally bought puts on pltr fuck me
Whats new RH is freaking out this morning
COTY to 8
DG take all my money 
RISE LIKE A PHOENIX
TLT never failed to reject off 156
Nice acb dip to snag more calls
Goddamit pltr. Stop being so unpredictable so we can make some money off of you.
CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES, THIS IS MY LAST RESORT
Did my first options today! Mrvl 50 dec. 11.
BA 
everyone going broke on PLTR and not getting rich on PSTH.
Dollar general beat earnings and still dropped. What a clown world.
TSLA gang...hold...this is our bounce
PLTR: they bought? DAHMP IT.
Here is the manufactured Apple dip
Classic Nio straight line down at open
NIO has really been blowing me
BB sucks
NKLA dropping
NIO why
Pltr don't do this to us. After all we've been through and stayed with you
NIO dumping hard
 going back to sleep
~~why does AAPL DO THIS~~

edit: nvm we good
Sell out of pltr make your profit and buy the dip again
I hope everyone loaded up on Han SOLO 
WSB is dead from their PLTR FDs, time to moon
I dont even know what PLTR does but these calls are printing.
LOOK AT NKLA
HYLN        
Splunk 150p 199,000% WTF
New day rising!
4AM traders are the real market movers
BABA back BB
SQUADE I LOVE U
Nioooo wtffff I trusted u again
my BA 6/18/21 $500C  I bought back in Feb are only down 57% now. We can do this BA.
we're going down

bonds are mooning and dollar is reversing
There goes the rug
BNTX go green bb
What the fuck why is snow up on poor earnings?
Last chance to get on WEED  before the house vote pump; dont forget to dump tho fellas

ACB APHA 12/11
Hahahah Best Buy getting railed every single day
SPCE to the moon, literally with that December 11th test launch 
I was told weed calls at open were easy money
Holding for the rest of the day and then im fucking off for a week or two. Im getting my asshole gaped
Cramer looooves him some 
Yolod into TSLA 595c 12/4 yesterday and brought my portfolio back from the dead.
PLTR really playing with my feelings right now
The COTY trade is going to be great in the coming months
SQ with that retard strength
20 contracts AMD 90p 12/4 call me crazy but up 3k on Tesla today and figured Id throw $500 at this. AMD has 3 up days then pulls back to refresh. I love the company though, in since $10.23 in shares.
Drill team six on GME and BB
The last time Cramer talked about Palantir, the bears attacked it. It's currently on a bounce, it's like he is giving a nod... but to who, to retail or his old fund chums ?  


\*puts on tin foil hat to work out the Cramer code\*
Tesla Volume looking extra T H I C C
Slack getting purchased by sales force- all stocks will get a return of around $45
Buy any stock thats red or just a little green. Watch your money grow. Youre welcome
This market is a clown literally cant afford red days and a quick 1200 check
pltr bringing me back to life today!
everyone sayying nio will bounce up but why?
Baba 275 eom!
BABA finna pump 270+
NIO RESPONDS TO BILL [link](https://cntechpost.com/2020/12/03/nio-responds-to-us-bill-that-could-result-in-delisting-of-chinese-listed-companies/amp/) basically saying meme status reactivation.
Is Corsair being shorted or whats going on? Why so many sell-offs?
explanation for DKNG?
My butthole is so clenched for NIO
Why are all the numbers on my stock website green, is that good
quick buy more pltr :)
Buy at the bell.  Sell before 9:40 seems to be working for me.  I'll scour all day to find some deals to buy at 3:55.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but you're a retard.
NKLA needs to hit 0 already
Jfc end this bear ass week already
CRM is very volatile this morning
BABA poggers
Feel bad for those stop losses on 
My paper hands are fuk. I will never have paper hands again.
Where all my LAZR beams at? If you bought calls when it was at 15 yesterday it was a 10 bagger today.
never playing DKNG again. What a shit stock.
Nio back from the ded?
RIOT allergic to going up
https://twitter.com/KillerStockCall/status/1334508290278035464?s=19

Somehow I feel as if the crowd that eats at BK doesn't have EV
NKLA, just drop down to the penny stocks where you belong.
I had 10 shares of COST before their dividend cutoff date which was yesterday. But Robinhood is only giving me dividends for 4 shares and not the other 6...
Lmao SNOW fucked me, insane.  What the hell is this company doing worth this much
Picks for today are roku, square, and beyond meat.
Chinese EV options are not for the faint of heart
MORE! MORE!!!! - Kylo Ren.
Cmon apple are you serious ?
Y'all should have known 22 was pltr bottom. Some firm bought like 30mil stock at that price a few weeks ago
anyone in AAPL? why is it going down?
Lets make some green TSLA
Simulation rigged, CHWY spiking after I get out
Apple killed the market lol
TSLA squeeeeeze
 got smoked
Fool me can't get fooled again
LMFA 
Buy the PFE dip, last call before it shoots up
SNOW is a turd being propped up by rich hedge funds and their friends at ratings agencies who all have stocks they cant sell yet. This stock is the standard bearer of our current market. Fundamentals dont matter and rich people cant lose money. SEC doesnt exist.
I just bought some airline leaps. Im confident that one vaccines start getting distributed itll leap.
we buying SQ n CHWY here?
LAZR get it
This is lame. I guess sideways all day until the last two hours like usual.
roblox is gonna moon imo-- millennial parents, who just made millions on the market are eyeing it and their kids pour all the money they made into the company. literally a perfect storm of gains.
Time to load up some calls
Is the same big money is playing with CRSR and pltr? They have literally same movement the past two days.
Wow, Splunk is kill
We eat shushi today not ramen thanks  pltr
Imagine thinking stocks dont always go up after the Fed has assured us that the entire global financial system will make sure the market never goes down again lol
Life is great
Lord Elon an bezos show me the way.
Nice to see CRM is up but it's still much lower than pre slack.
JD and BABA about to have 5% days. If you arent in yet you are a fool
If you were to buy puts in addition to owning shares for GME wouldnt that making MMs short it and increase the % shorted making the epic squeze greater? Then if theyre long enough out they capture the collapse back to $0
Why did I just buy AAPL at the top. I am truely retarded.
Apple WTF
DKNG early sell off on Flutter/FanDuel news
bought a spy put


368 EOD

ur welcome
BA dip looks juicy
Nclh pumping despite more cancellations because vaccine. How much room to grow?
Moderna gonna pump to 150 today. get in.
took my CRWD gains on the boomer shares. cant complain about almost 2k overnight on something i was planning to hold longer than a week.

gl to ppl with calls expiring fri. its looking decent for 165 tho
Theta gang wins again.
I stopped listening to or watching any anal-ysts because of how much money I lost as a result of their DD
All in on CHWY and GME calls time to lube up for this launch into space  or lube up for pound town 
Damn I wanted in SPOT at 257 but was in other shit I didn't wanna sell
Question about Implied volatility. Have a couple Nio 02/19/21 55c calls. Trying to use a calc to see possible gains at certain price points. I see Nio sticks around 118-119% IV. Whats a good ballpark for how high or how low IV can get on these calls?
Spy go up pls max pain 372
Is the strike date for Burry's short positions on Tesla after inclusion? because if they are, seems possible that both GS and Burry are right, just need to get out of calls at or near the inclusion date.
Snag this small LAZR dip while it lasts
Yo.. spy is being really weird this morning. Anyone notice that? Its either rocket up or sky diving
NKE had earnings Dec 18th.  Low IV play/stonk that mooned after last earnings.  Something to look into
Buying amd calls yesterday isn't panning out too well for me.
TSLA doing its scary colored thing again
SQ dying again
I guess the GME train just straight up skipped the station lol rip
Techla new ATH
Air Canada mooning
Best Buy is so lame
Anyone else think something really fucking bad and Trump related is going to happen? Tomorrow is last day that he can like fuck shit up going into the electors. Loading the fuck up on puts
367 is the devil's number
Holy fuck i should have bought some ZS fd's at open

Fuck that shit went up fast
Fly BABA you are now free of all those paper hands weighing you down.
Just started my morning poop. Give me some trades bois
Everything I own was +1% more Premarket and it just went straight down for 30 minutes without catching once 
okayyyy airlines
Cashed in 

Just waiting for the lunchtime
Been red every single day this week
BABA refueling, investors selling other stock to have more capital to get in on this second leg up.
Final chance to hop into NIO before it 
Alexa, play Green Day
NKLA needs to go below 15
There's something awfully off about SNOW
incomin massive v shape dildo for tech stocks
Nothing like getting cucked by the Zuck to start my day
Air Canada 
SPR 

All rockets need rocket parts!
$OZON IS THE NEW AMAZON, GET IN WHILE IT'S HOT. $120 ceiling EOY.  
  
^^^if ^^^cloud ^^^didn't ^^^matter
DKNG roaring back already
Chewy 
SPCE 
This spy action is so ducking gay
Yall realize the fact that we haven't been falling much leaves there to be less to rise from.  I want more movement!
Anyone buying LIZI for a day trade, or think it's done?
There are 900 bids .05 below my ask and none of them want to come up to meet me. It's 5 fuckin dollars jfc
Jet blue did a stock offering, and the stock is above where it was before the offering in one day. Those guys are smart because mfers are buying everything. 
SPCE is making moves
Fuck YES 
so that's it for tsla for today?  590 or below?
So about that squeeze..
Tesla never fails
Pltr making me a coomer
Need more help on SPCE to break through 30 today, then head to 40 next week...it's going up now 
This volume is dumb weak anyone know why
SNOW fuckin the shorts
I keep talking about getting into LMT and never do. Or maybe I should get into DEF.
LAZR 
WHAT SHOULD I BUY BOYS
I commented so many times about GMHI to be drowned out by the PLTR reeeeeee. Enjoy LAZR, still an attractive entry
Come on market do something
Why is FB shitting the bed
Lets break this 123 resist on AAPL and keep it.
Matter of time before ACB and others come crashing down, Vote is definitely priced in. 
SQ 215 Jan
PLTR 27 dec 18 for lotto
Hahahha remember those Splunktards pumping that stock? Im getting a plumbkin while writing this.
KR is the obvious play at the bottom today. yes KROGER.
[deleted]
BA 250 C 12/24
Remember when WSBs was howling BA was going bankrupt.. I bet those morons feel real dumb right now
Imagine not buying TSLA calls rn
Got almost more game with my BABA than TSLA
I don't remember what green even looks like anymore.
AMD moving in an upwards direction finally
I question your decision making skills if you aren't buying LAZR at its current dip under 20.
DXCM has a long way to run, just posted DD
 GME is starting to believe 
AMD stop bleeding you cunt
Well MSFT just woke up...must be a west coast thing
AMD flopping like a dead fish
this fake pump is making my pp hard
FSR is a shit stock.  Can anyone give me a reason not to dump it?
I was promised an infinity squeeze
Like I said BA plus CRWD easiest plays of my life
Ozon is going to make me rich one day. I wont forget about yall i promise.


*Yeah okay*
DoorDash (DASH) about to be the next meme stonk.
$X gonna give it to ya
Omg qqq way up come spy you slut
Ah shit, here we go again. RKT gonna end red by like 1%
CC 
SNOW was down 8% AH and now up 8%



Sure
OZON   
Im not losing money today
Everything is red yet SPY just got a giant green dildo 
Not rigged about this market.
Finally citron became one of us
oh baby baby, thats what i like to see, u already know, what im playin
My baby girl Cathie Wood supplying the passive tendies this month 
BA!
NKLA shorting shares gonna print? entry is 17.92
Christ, I hate low volume options.
BB bottom is in, going all in with 700 shares & 15 $10 jan calls
So LA lockdown sends everything soaring
Who else got cucked already? Tried to scalp 500 shares of PLTR at $24, that shit hit my stop loss at 23.50 and ran the fuck up. GUH!
DOW 30k is lava
I just dont understand. Bought in Tesla around $576 for a $640 call and Im down 1k. I understand the fucking theta decay and the IV crush but holy shit 1k??!
pltr ok its way
VXX rising as SPY rises. Hmmm 
Lmfa
Starbucks all time highs when lockdowns are coming back in full force and with their core revenue stream being in person sales, it makes you want to dig your eyeballs out of your head.

Starbucks is valued at 45-50 a share, not 100.
So uhh LAZR absolutely 0 buying
Un fucking believable
I think I speak for everyone here when I say WE DEMAND PLTR loss porn tomorrow when it tanks!
PLTR LAZR RYCEY. You're welcome :)
NIO casually slipping off a cliff
SPY ATH today --> braggy tweet from a certain someone --> SPY 350
So I'm guessing yesterday was the Black Wednesday sale?
1.1k where do I park it boys
FUCK i sold my BA early for a loss yesterday morning and boughr back in and still sold early....so much for that 20 bagger
TSLA mak me cri :(
Only 60k shares available to short for CRSR on Iborrow, that's less than GME. Lol these shorters going to get absolutely rekt.
take your time aapl im here all day
Looks like TSLA upside finished for the day
Palatards 2: electric boogaloo ?
What you doing VXX?
OKTA and SNOW both up 11% today 
UVXY with that big dick rally!
dont miss out on LAZR
Looks like meats back on the menu boys!
 this volume
The market could have a really good day if apple and FB  get going
Gigantic buy orders on fcel
ACB lets goooooo 
why did I buy DAL instead of AAL. sighhh
How exactly can a stock go up 50% without insider trades ?
I hope everyone ignored the crappy articles saying that BABA would crash cuz of the bill yesterday and printed today:) congrats everyone
So what I am hearing is I should go all in on AAPL?
LAZR 
$AVTR calls for February have been treating me well
LAZR LAZR LAZR LAZR LAZR
NIO oversold
Spotify investors really milking the lack of news
If citron shorts a stock, just wait until a week at most when it dips hard. Buy in and its bound to go back up once the sellers leave. Its thag simple. I saw this with PLTR a mile away
Got back in the SHOP calls a few days ago after taking profits on the 1000c.  Riding the 1200C which is printing.
PLTR Is following SNOW
If you didnt buy that KR dip, why are you even awake lol
AAL might be short squeeze right now
Wtf is CRM doing on news of a fkn merger
Lets get it!!!
Go UP AAPL!!!
I told you losers to buy JD yesterday but no one was listening. Bought the shit out of that dip below $83. Saw it flush and literally knocked shit over on my desk to throw orders in

Great swing trade, just took 50% off and letting the other half ride.
Sell put spreads on PLTR.  22/21 free money
BLNK let's go!
ICLN SQ CHWY ROKU PLTR EVERYTHING MOONING
Palantir wont stop
I have a meeting soon, hold my calls...get it, calls
Tsla break 600 with retard strength or stays below next week?? Put in ya votes

I say it stays below
Should I join clang gang
PLTR 30 12/11???
# KEEP IT GOING
ARLO creeping up. rumors of an apple buyout.
It doesn't matter if it's a shitty meme stock, all that matters is the premium
Anyone playing cloudera earnings?
I should've sold my NIO calls at open ugh
PLTR being the Steel Curtain on $25 right now. Aint no one gettin past
I do not know what to buy shouldnt have sold pltr tho thats fasho
downwards trend on NKLA. i suggest shorting shares or puts
Pilater
was bagholding BABA MRNA SQ PLTR todays gonna be a good day
Holy fuck. My AAL leaps are printing
The MMs got youll again with Snowflake and Palantir. If you aint got diamond hands and if its too obvious, then youre going to lose in this game. Snow $325C  12/11 bought this morning.
anyone getting in on the AAL short squeeze?
Not a good day to be a Chinese EV
Maybe lulu calls werent the business at the top hahahaha
Looking forward to the day I go to cnbc and the headline is: "stonks are up"
weed lmao
Bought 2 lotto tickets (FDs) on PLTR. Sold one for the cost of both. Someone elses money is paying for my 28c :)
TSLA EOW?
FUCKK YESS PILATES OH MY GUH LETS GO IM ALMOST THERE
Broke through 30k!!!
Fucking VXX and SPY doing that thing again......
SPY just went full retard
Were gonna turn back on planes that no one is buying tickets for!

*moons*
 frozen at 11.55
368 is lava like no other
Dude amazon is so trash Im 20 bucks otm and red as fuck on this move
it's great when bears and bulls are winning at the same time
The green patch made this game a lot more fun
Time to fly AMD

Lets get to $95 and just hold that please 

Then a slow grind up to $100 would be superb
There we go  break that VWAP
friendship ended with pltr puts new best friend is pltr calls
SPY KIDS!!
What time is weed vote
NIO being a cuck today again
Sony with the steady rise, $95 EOW.
VIX and SPY 
GO APPLE GO!!! YOU BIT BITCH LETS GO!
BA up 60+% in a month

such an easy trade
 
LAZR 
Bitch dont wear no shoes in my house ! yea !
I've been losing money all week
Imagine betting SPY wont hit 370 by Friday lmaooo America fuckers
Quick everybody tweet Keith Lemon or whatever that citron guy was called
Huge opportunity to buy or sell Apple at 123.45
Selling ACB $10.50p 12/04 at today's bottom has been glorious so far
VIX get back in your fucking hole
PLTR GGS
UPS is THE lead vaccine distribution partner on the ground floor. Lots of fake FUD, but they're gonna break out during Christmas to early next year. 180-200 pt possible.
Up 80% on my VALE calls and still have 43 days to expiration
Too late for airlines ?
For the first time in my life,  I sold the top

&#x200B;

I know I will regret this in an hour
I'm getting a 3d printer delivered today and I'm super excited about it
ULTA earnings call today will be . My prediction: ULTA will hit $300 AH today.
Where the SPOT homies at?
Is it beckys birthday or something?
$124 then $125 gonna be the battle of a lifetime
 ing very soon
Fuck it bought som lazr. Bb in green then keep going bitch
Lol. The amount of jacking off occurring right now
What to yolo
Yall need to stop asking "is it too late". If the company is good, has a good product or service and is growing. Whatever position you play now will continue to grow as the company progresses. Enough of the sunk costs type bullshit and being worried you didnt get in at .0003 cents
If Tesla doesnt go back up to 590-595 soon Im bigly fucked
FAANG boys getting in on the action now
Lock in some gains from this PLTR bump
k I actually did make money off of GPRO thanks whoever called that out yesterday
Market only goes up. Anyone who thinks otherwise hates money
If you need a good laugh go look at DKNG graph today. Thats wild. Just a straight line up.
Even if there is economic downturn in 2021, NCLH (Norwegian Cruise Line) is going to be filled with rich retired boomers this summer.  Will easily reach pre-pandemic value a couple months from now.
WSB FIRST STOCK UPGRADE: 

DBX - $22 Price Target By End of Jan 2021

The Move: DBX 1/22/2021 21C ($0.95)

DBX current price: $20.45 

- WSB CHIEF ANALYST 

P.S. Fuck GS Analysts
JMIA and DraftKings have massive penis energy!!
Bb has to be the most boring stock of all times
CHWY and DKNG 1+ month out calls will continue to print me thinks
Morning sell off of bb complete. Come ride the growth.
How are we feeling about golden nugget now that things are progressing?
The IV crush on CRWD
GUH LAZR stuck its red dildo up my ass.

My dumbass knew better than to fomo.
 SNOW goes 12% up after an EPS miss and a revenue of $159.6 million with it being valued at $90 billion 
whoever told me about NNDM... thank you
My dick has never felt so good!!!!
Omg was waiting for a ZS pullback but noooope
Suck Nips Dicks Licks Growers 
If TSLA climbs to $650+ by next week due to the PT upgrade, I might still be in the game
PLTR is falling, help!!
1. Whales of wsb launch DD campaign to pump the shit out of GME thinking that this will trigger the squeeze.
2. Everyone buys in.  \[you are here now\]
3. Squeeze begins.
4. All the paper hands sell after 10% price movement to the funds trying to cover their shorts.
5. Infinity squeeze becomes a 25% gentle squish.
6. All the short-squeeze whales bail once they see the float shares are in excess of short shares.
7. Stock tanks, WSB normies eat -75% losses.
Go BABA
Ahhhh sigh... were my hopes to high... to just taste some tendies DAMN YOU NIO
The nio dip bought me
Everyone just take a moment and imagine Andy Lefty shaking his fist at his computer saying "NO, this is WRONG!"
you hate money if you're not loaded up for the shroomboom

cmps
Why is GME fluctuating around the same level so much?
AAL making me some fucking tendies. Gonna be a 15% with a help of bear tears
LAZERS BITCH
I'm out of NIO.  Had held stocks and options since October.
I don't care if it's not 2014 GoPro has been saving my ass
just hedge your bets with pltr puts
Just bought Jan 2023 leaps on PLTR. Am I an idiot???
Will eBay see a pump anytime soon?
I need more meltup plz
Bears my spy puts are in. When is it gapping down to 360?
$TDOC finally showing life.
WBA CVS pumping til Christmas
su bae told me we'd turn green ;(
TSLA is getting ready...
$ZS $200 1/21
CRWD and ZS mooning
I have JWN shares, but I also have CRSR shares at 40$, should I sell or keep JWN, or average down CRSR to about 38$. Thoughts?
Thank god for ual and pltr. I need it
ILMN is the one and only corona play you need.
Meanwhile, airlines mooning...
You ever seen a grown man rise out of his overalls like a phoenix?
These ICLN Leaps have been flat for over a week hold or sell?
Why is nobody watching ZS?!?
Why are ev stocks getting shit on? Is because of the house passing that delisting bill if they arent more transparent ?
Not selling Peloton till it hits 140
Man, all these bad options put my account at a deficit lol
That guy gonna be eating a shit sandwich
Peloton always sells off just when I think its finally gonna break through. So tired of holding my $100c. Want to take profit and move on but I know it will finally break to 120+ after I do
January calls on CCL, or wait for pullback?
Should have bought AAL smh
BA and CVS calls making me a killing this week
Weed stocks with the bullish  dick and balls formation
AMD this is not a good look....
My body keeps wanting to buy Tesla puts, but my mind is telling me calls
Holding Visa you'd think we're in the midst of second leg down, god what a piece of trash of a stock this is. Why did I ever buy this
SNOW deserved to sell off so hard after reporting earnings yesterday, that MM algos decided to set a moon-squeeze trap on all the shorts/puts that got in (like my dumbass).
AMD keeps juking me out smh. Just go up you slut! These 12/4s I bought this morning...ehh
Anyone know when AirBnB IPO date is?
AAL 50 EOD
I was too early on Lazr but shouldn't matter in a few days.
$SPCE taking a tumble. 

Time for the double down? 
Why the fuck is VIX tracking SPY today? It dipped when SPY dipped and its rising when SPY rises. What the fuck?
Forgot I was invested in the largest cap penny stocks in the market. Thats ok though you go when you feel like it Tsla/Pltr.
CRSR a dead cat bounce like a couple days ago?
LAZR free money
RYCEY was such an easy buyyyyy
We should make E B A Y a meme stock, feel like its got a lot of runway upwards and IV is not too bad right now
I bet if I took out my shares on BB it will go to 8 in 5 mins smh
NIO... anytime now
Couldnt resist the meme potential of LAZR 
amazon pisses me tf off
Are my January 15th $25 GME calls fucked? I need some advice or next steps. Roll out to longer dates? which ones. I got a good amount and they're almost pennies now at $1.80
Robinhood still hasn't cleared my cash. Mother Fuckers are really pissing me off at this point
why is CCL going up? I made money on it Im not mad I literally just dont get it since the news is that they canceled their cruises for 2021 
Can anyone tell me when theyre selling PLTR?
SPLK is another warning shot for this cloud bubble.  This was supposed to be their quarter, now their growth is tapering off, thats what happens with growth stocks, they disappoint and they're toast.  

ZS makes \~$10mil more rev than expected and the stock gains like $5B market cap in a day, same with OKTA.  Makes sense.
How's that gme jelqing coming on fellas
Me very angry at Robinhood for bugging out and fucking me out of buying the top of this PTON fall. Me very smash! 

# ANGERY
I need some great plays
Damn whats up with this SQ cliff dive?
Should not have bought CRM at open.
LGVW +10%
LAZR the new meme stock
DOCU dumping tonight?
BP on the rise again. Looks like the vaccine worked
Bought NIO leaps 2 days ago and even with >1 year till expiry those shits were swinging +20% - 55%.... a guys gotta sleep at night so Im out
SPY is a bitch
LUV, UAL, DAL, AAL all going up rn :D
Spy is nearly going vertical so be careful over the next few days autists, start trimming your position sizes
Anyone going to fomo into BA?
Whats the play my boys
Facebook-destroyer of dreams
My uncle is stalking me in FB because he's retired and doesn't have a life
MGM at ath lol. Yea im shorting that.
Fb asleep still
My God ZS is mooning.
SPLK calls?
Nndm why r u starting to go down
What do I do with my hands?
Guh guh guh reloading guh guh guh
i have 300 for shares, what do?
AAPL whats happening?
Damn CNBC full pump today. $370 SPY EOD.
Starting to think I should sell my TSLA 12/4 600c at a minimal loss this morning
Cruises and airlines popping tf off
 doesn't care anymore he is 100% going to veto the defense bill if it doesn't do anything about big tech this is why we're going to crater today
Gme crabbing this week has been boring af
SHOP till you drop
even if lazr is the next meme, that actually could be the next tsla
fucking hell, AAL nicely establishing support at $16.  We go upsies from now. Let's go you retards.
I'm eating a Goldman boiled shit sandwich with TSLA here.  I'd love to return the favor to old man's slacks human centipede style
Buy the GME dip or wait for more dipping today? 16.20 holding strong as support
RAD 14 CALL RAD CALL RAD CALL
this rally is unbelievable... have you guys seen anything like this before? Even in 2009 it kinda tailed off by September 2009
DOW is where the money at right now
I just checked the order book for VALE and I think its done rising for the day lol
Robinhood limit orders are dropping in price significantly once it gets filled...wtf is going on ????
Soar to the heavens, my sweet AOSL!
Mrmd needs some volume!
Everybody knows that the dice are loaded. 

Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed.
Stimmy talks and vaccine approval on the horizon? Its  hunting season
I keep telling the bears dont buy puts till the stimulus pump runs out and initial vaccine starts rolling out. Simply those two news alone will keep markets inflated for some time at this point covid and lockdowns are irrelevant.
BA $5 5 minute candle tf
hate holding tesler. gives me heart attack each time
Boeing quietly going to the moon. Can't believe I didn't pick them up at $140.
 LGVW

Handheld portable ultrasound machines for maximum tendies yay
So boys... does BA just keep going wtf is this shit
Apparently rotation into Smallcaps. Tech starting to go down. This Smallcap rally is actually retarded.
No stimmy, CRSR mooning to earths core.., Im bankrupt.
EOSE looking tasty again.
Serious playas play $TR
Anyone getting into CHWY ahead of earnings next week?
Id gladly take steady 5-10% days over 30% days. Its stable and leaves out the stupid panic
What will CRM bounce back to by Jan?
ZS isnt stopping damn.
CRM bounce back or ded
Anybody looking at FEAC??
holy FUCK Zscaler 

Why the fuck did I sell my stock a month ago....WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
You guys do realize that LAZR has no revenue, right? Other than interest income on investments and cash held in trust account?

Yet, the 25 year old dude is a billionaire
Holding TSLA 572.5 call expiring tomorrow. When to cash in?
Refund my RH account!
BA = the new meme stock?
Yesterday was buying day but today I got no idea what playsss man, someone give me some decent plays
My Boeing 260 dec31 calls looking very healthy 
Really kicking myself for selling otm BA calls that are all ITM fuuuck
BA to 300 EOY!
A glorious bear flag on the daily
Keep an eye on SBUX
IM JACKED to the tits, some idiots told me to "rebalance" because I had too much in travel names like BA, RCL... I didn't listen to them
Geez $USD taking a pounding to GBP
Damn Walgreens
Lmao the stamps.com move might actually work
Hope u hoes bought CRSP like I fucking told you to ten thousand times!
Zscaler what the FUCK? Beat by .07 and up 30%?
GME taking a massive shit
Anyone playing CRM leaps?  Thinking about it.
This volume is pathetic, beware
I got 3k back from a 7k loan to a friend. Puts on me for real if he doesn't pay full by 2 weeks from now.
Dow never leads, expect a recession soon
Market running out of gas 

Those profit taking MMs are going to strike soon and fast
if you don't wanna play individual airlines, play JETS. set it and forget it
I was a Bull for a long time but NCLH puts are on the menu. No cruises until at least March and surging lol
If I sell itll rocket and if I hold itll tank
When literally every single one of your positions is green on the day 
Go outside. Yum smells like BBQ.

Oh its just a wildfire again....
Disney goes up 2 dollars.  Call goes up $8.  Understandable.
People ask why im such an asshole in the daily thread.  I cant stand to get hurt again. Ive seen too many of you young guys get cut down
Hell yeah it's Cloud stonk seaszon
GME shorts *very* worried about Tuesday's ER. Pushing down as hard as they can rn.
CVS and CCL going to drag my account to ding 80k.
SNOW puts
ESTC and data dog turned out to be one of the best dds put out here from the early summer

Yall give me the tickers and I buy
whos got dkng calls
I've rarely benefitted from stock recommendations, and I almost never play earnings. But I wanna thank the dude who recommended CRWD yesterday.
Wow. $SPCE just absolutely cratered
I took profits from PLTR last week due to my trailing stop loss, but left one leap on the table (cause you can never breakup cleanly without baggage). That single option has been slowly bleeding, irritating me every day...
What we thinking about SUMO and earnings?
CCL only goes up. Really want to hop into some monthlies ATM
What is this aapl chart right now
Travel stocks are cracked wow
Is it even worth playing Amzn calls anymore these calls straight stuck fading
ZS puts a month out?
You cant spell *anal* without AAL
Everytime spy drops so does vix
Holy moley $ozon
Buy this deep guise
So tech is dead for like 3 days again? Stupid fucking market
Weed Vote at 12pm EST
only matter of time for amzn to go red too :(
Why is retail drilling
LAZR!!!! been calling it out all day!
LMAO what is this NASDAQ dump. stupid as fuck
Anyone else In on CHWY calls?
Red days are boring
Cool dump ups!!
Lol my gut told me ba this morning at open and instead if picked up aapl funny how that works but if I close and buy ba now itll start selling off too
Is it time to short FB?
Well fellas do I sell my Jan 21st $25 calls at a 35% profit or wait for the moon?  Ive sat on this for 5 months, ups and downs... but time is running out.
I bought LAZR 2/21 25c. What do they do? 
CRM?
Nano dimension pog 15% stonks
BBY at a 3 month low, right before Christmas.

February is their next earnings.  February calls is free money
I have so much anxiety today. Idk whats wrong w me
Nice pump and dump on Nasdaq MMs should neck themselves
Isn't this new Azure product basically a Palantir rip off/ competitor or am I retarded
Pretty sure I have adhd, but if I get diagnosed it would be problematic for the career Im trying to start, and I wouldnt be allowed to go on meds. Is it worth it or should I just keep doing what Ive been doing my whole life, working and coasting through it?
DD: take the meme stock here and buy a call at least one month out 


[OIL ROCKET SHIP BABY](https://twitter.com/amena__bakr/status/1334529764766457859?s=21)
Damn I sold BA too early
Put a sell order at 25.20, if it hits Im out. (might delete if it reaches 25.19 tho idk)
ZNGA 12/18c looking pretty hot right now.
I can take getting fucked on every other play, but this Nikola put is infuriating.
Scott Redler has made me like $10k this last week. What a guy.
Fucking Boeing pos
Took another +74% on XPEV puts and +33% on NIO puts. Not the 100% I expected but I'll take it lol good luck NIO XPEV boys
Damn AMD is did me dirty
GME breaking through 16 today?
JETS ETF giving me nice returns today.
OPEC mtg decision this weekend will make some winners and losers in here.
Apple 117 by next week, welcome
aapl pls dont dump it fuck
BA every dip is bought up
POOOOOTS
That looks like a nice top
this feels like June 1-8 again, that glorious melt up. Everything travel+ boomer is going to the moon
$1500 give me some plays
Just wanna let everyone know that palantir has been down or close to red every Friday that I can remember
God PTON has just been the worst this week.  120c 12/11
Costco going up with dec earnings or what boys
Did Tim  sleep in today?
BA gang in lambos
I forgot NKLA was a real, profitable company.
TSLA 600/605 12/11 = Tendies? Cuz the spread just executed so, ELONG the fate of my throwaway RH accout is in your hands.
Do I hold onto my ba 12/24 240c or lock in profits today?
Just pick a fucking direction APHA. I'm tired of you just being flat. Give me tendies or give me death!!!!
QQQ with the elevator down
DIE SPY
there will be a rug pool w/ SNOW just you watch
Fuckin OOF im doubling down on my fb spreads
CRSR is the professor that takes his sweet ass time to give the results
Panic sellers are the only ones loosing cause it will all go back up later
I was looking at ATUS $36 puts on 1/15/21.

That strike specifically had 4k volume yesterday and 2200 today.

I'm wondering if someone knows something. It's looking like a replacement FCC chairman play since Ajit Pai is stepping down on the 20th of January. New admin is going to be pushing for net neutrality.

Fuck cable and internet providers.

Similar thing going on with Comcast $50 puts 1/15/21. That strike specifically had 40k open interest.

Could be a nice Volatility play as it edges closer to the date and it's near enough to the money with plenty of exit opportunities.

Am I seeing ghosts or is there something here?
Nothing holds gains anymore just slowly fades and fades huh
Sigh. I know I require patience, but this GME play is exhausting me
Whos that guy who yolo AAPL $130 weeklies.. hope youre doing fine
rotation into cyclicals nice right when I have tech calls fml
Tim Cock and Balls
Su Bae always breaks my heart
Why is the market so gay today
Cmon AMD drop some more so I can buy you dip
Seems like the China vote was mostly priced in.  Now we begin our ascent towards Nio Day and what is implied (by guide) to be a blockbuster December deliveries number.  Get in now fellas.
TSLA has no strength
NOK ?
This is 100% retarded but I just bought 10x AMD $93c for next friday

  
Hoping it gets to $95-100 and to keep the big bad theta man away
wtf SQ
2018 is about to happen again isnt it?
Serious question, whats more important entry or exit?
Humpfry dumpy has entered the chat
Im not touching shit till January
Is this shit about to dump?? 
Bought fd lulu calls at the top. AMA
ZS 170p actually started to print a little.
That dip was rotation out of qqq into spy
Holy fuck its a white Christmas! So much $SNOW
[deleted]
Anyone playing $SWBI?
JPOW still doin his thang
SPY going to blow off the top on Monday isn't it?
oh fuck yea dudes, bought the bottom (for once) on xrx

serious sleeper gains to be made here
Getting cucked by lord timothy, breaker of boomers
see what I shoulda done was
Why is no one talking about SPR?
Feels like anything I touch will become a bag at these lvls.
Wow this week is really testing my patience and ability to stomach these losses
That's fine, Mike. I already know everything there is to know about stonks; I just struggle to pronounce the names of overrated southern rock bands from the '70s.
Salesforce LEAPS are literally free money lol thank me later
This week has crushed my trading account. Vaccine rotation has just decimated my tech monthlies. Might have to go leaps but even then Im hesitant. Bubble pop? 
Fuck you bears you aint taking my tendies !!!
Feel like buying UBER leaps but I also didn't sleep ln
My CRM calls are slowly being choked to death with piano wire by THETA who is looking deep into their eyes and saying "shusshhhhh shuussshhhhhhh"
*RISE* SPY, like a Phoenix from the asses!
BA up 50% on the month. Still red as fuck YTD
Is there a chance they pump Boeing to new ATH this month ?
Blackberry, more like Dingleberry
We in a B.A.D market - Buy Any Dip
Hell yeah Boomer KR
Apple green by eod
Can we all take a moment to appreciate how poggers DOCU is?
I went over BABA chart, and for the last 5 years, everything is scooped up after 25% to the bottom from the trailing high, WHICH IS NOW. The big boys like 25% drop it seems.

GO. ALL. IN.
I hate FSLY

Every time I see it go up I hate it even more
AAPL what is your fucking problem
What's gonna print?
There are a couple people on here whos posts I look at every day and they have never led me astray, but I should have listened to them and bought more PLTR at the bottom yesterday, oh well
Sell the rippers buy the dippers?
TSLA GANG WE SHOWING STRENGTH BABY

MMs gonna kill weeklies and moon premarket Monday
How was JWN up almost 150% November.
Odds Ackman announces his PSTH deal before EOY?
RKT at 20.20 in 2020 

This stock loves 20.
Tim pls 
I'm long on SPY with a target of 372 then 378.
CNK flyyy my child 
Dumb gay bears getting burned on apple now lmao
600 is imminent   
papa elon won't let us down  

I don't know what to do anymore all my tech stocks are flat while I see airlines and Nordstrom just shooting up everyday. Fuck BA is up almost $100 in a month
I have been telling you all... LULU
RDS.A, SU moving on OPEC deal news. XOM moving slowly behind.
GME 30c 1/15 for earnings. Buy **every** fucking dip till earnings
LI calls or puts?
Dont do that .... dont give me hope
Right now, I'm so glad I only deal in stocks.
I have Jan 2023 30C on CCL that are up big today. Do I lock in those gains, pull out, and go back in later cheaper? Or do I just let it ride?
Can someone explain the 5000 Tsla calls just placed for December and March ?
Puts on ZS?
I need Corsair to hit $40 to break even.
What a weird day.
Volume on spy so measly. Like bear PP
Slow, steady, and small bleed everyday this week, so fucking boring
this market needs a therapist like no other
All in on SAVE. America doesnt give a shit about covid and are willing to fly cheaply with the remaining gov funding checks. Go long
Who wouldve thought yesterday ah that SNOW would be up 15%
If anyone was here when they announced the first stimulus package, how much did the market bounce ? Was it just green dildos everyhwere?
CCL 
am i the only one or do you also put in a sell limit but when the stock pumps to 0.05 below the target you delete the sell order only to watch it dive again?
Buy DKNG for nba season restart runup
Should I sell 2 AMD shares to pick up more GME?
You know those call options with like the few dollar strike prices? Could we all collective buy those as a sacrificial option to raise the stock price? Of course we would loose the few dollars but the calls below them will surely benefit and make up for the few dollar loss .
Hit me with a solid day trade please
So why are cruises up 8%?
Mr market I dont feel so good
aapl to ath 
So whats going to happen to nio and Li when trump decides what to do with the chyna stonks
Anyone in Splunk? Thinking of entering a position after the dip today
Hey lulu can you just run 5% please.
Puts on snow pretty cheap rn IMO

Can our meme lords bless us with some stimulus and transition talks cycle wheel updates.

Many thanks,

Sith Lord
Help I seem to have misplaced my ass
hmm do I short SPY at 368..
I know this guy on wallstreet named bud fox told me a guy hes working with named gordon gecko is doing a takeover of blue star airlines puts on bluestar!!!
Alright you sluts. Let's keep the action up on CCL, but sell off SPY. Make me right on both my plays today so I can end the day with a smile on my face. If Jerome Powell can start talking about raising interest rates because the stock market is doing so well and because the vaccine is on the horizon, that would be fucking amazing.
What are the chances BA hits 250 by mid dec?
[https://i.ibb.co/nDwWMYp/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/nDwWMYp/image.png)

EOG (EOG Resources, Inc., hydrocarbon exploration) extremely large dark pool print activity yesterday and a record amount today. 

7,457,218  dark pool shares transacted today, 6,798,500 of those in 1 print.  

Average daily volume for \*all\* shares 5,690,000.
Happy  week MFers!!!

ZS     
CRWD   
OKTA   
DOCU   
SUMO 
ILL BuY PTlr WhEn IT DiPs PAst $20
Anal fissures 10/10 pain goddamn
CCL doing a thing :)
What the hell is EVK
Ramp gang where you at?
Buying ITM spreads 1 day before expiry seems like free money. I guess until Tesla tanks and I lose 400 dollars trying to make 100
To those of you who complain about being down when a stock is up 9% - have you not realized the big moves now happen AH and PM?

Keep an eye on what you like, and be aware that for the most part recently the big moves happen outside of 9:30-4.

Catch a few of those per week and you'll see why day-trading has been harder these past few weeks.
Why is AAL acting as if the Passagier numbers will be the same after covid
Being in the red is homosexual sir
DOCU is going to dump so fucking hard after earnings today. At least -8%
My CCL gains are offsetting my GME losses lmfao
why are airlines up today?
SPLK recovering
Someone upgrade UPS quick!!
PLTR go over 25 today and Ill send an unsolicited dick pic to this one nah Im kidding dont do that thats some weird af incel shit
This market is completely normal, PAMP EET. REEEEEE $$$$  


&#x200B;

This Rally is real.  

Time to get fully invested.  

I will buy more on margin. Gotta tell everyone to buy.  

I am a genius! We're all going to be rich! 
[deleted]
aal hitting the day high.   keep moving.  16.50 next strike
CHWY such a tease
Corsair straight thuggin on these hoes
Been here on the sidelines watching lspd rip from 30 to 60
Lol snow you beautiful beast
If you want back in on CRSR, buy your calls ITM. Sheesh.
Markets about to pop! Hammered thru resistance
PUT ON EWZ NOW DO ITTTT!!!!!
RYCEY train leaving fast last chance to hop on
100bn mcap for a company with 150m quarterly rev and no profit seems legit
S&P Dow Jones Indices to launch cryptocurrency indexes in 2021
Anyone have input on why OSH is mooning?  Not mad, just seems like a random +7% day.
Oh FFS, I bought my calls far out but it looks like if I was going to time the marijuana bill vote I should've bought LEAPs.

Lazy ass congress. If I was this slow at my job I'd have starved to death decades ago.
Drill Team 6 has its sights set on JEFF AMZN's QuadBaldHead
Confession time guys: 

now that airlines are doing well, I can confirm that I absolutely lucked into a lottery ticket in June and bought airline monthlies and weeklies 1 day before the massive pump on a whim because I just randomly thought theyd gone down for too long. 6000% return on my whole account in like 3 days.

Now for the good part: i held past June 8 and then chased airlines down the tube until mid July and lost all the return and more doing so. I refused to get into tech because I thought airlines were the way  

Thank god for the august Tech pump that brought me back to almost aths , but we still slowly climbing out that sept. Hole on that grind now 
They are pinning HD right now.
Someone please call war on us so palantir can shoot up to Mars already
SONO!!
no chance on tesla today.  run ups are being torn the fuck down big time.
AAL just wont stop! Im tired of sooo much winning!  
Thanks for the tip on airlines today. Finally making some money again. Wish I would have bought at open.
AAPL finally having a red day, time to buy calls?
Where my tourists at? Our cruises and planes are on their way back to ATH.
I'm an expert at selling covered calls and having the stock rocket through the strike.  -350% NCLH yay!

throwin' a G at TSLA $600 tomorrow. this sideways shit is gay AF
Time to pump up NLS again??
$600c 12/4 on tsla should i hold till we try to pass 600 tomorrow or sell today for a loss.
Its typical of my luck that I opted to yolo in  over gmhi when they were both at 10.
Docu puts for earnings?
Saw LAZR in my account and did a double take :D Anyone else still holding?
Whats a 1K lotto play
Okay bears what are you shorting today?
amzn plz pump bro jesus
Feeling boomerish and thought about buying 100 DIS to write calls against.  Dat ATH, tho....
Boeing wtf, pulling a Snapchat
Simulus talks going well
How many bags will TSLA yield me?
can AMD come back to the party
SBUX  Cartoon worthy. 
one short seller just reduced the size of his position against Tesla. 

Keep it up retards, you'll break em all! Including Burry.

Rejoice. 

[https://www.reuters.com/article/us-tesla-chanos/jim-chanos-reduces-size-of-tesla-short-bloomberg-news-idUSKBN28D2GU](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-tesla-chanos/jim-chanos-reduces-size-of-tesla-short-bloomberg-news-idUSKBN28D2GU)
VIX in the red, can we moon already
FB can go suck a dick.
Arlo is the way
This why you shouldnt play weeklies. Apple incinerating calls but still bullish for Dec
Hey SPY stop fucking around
Every time I buy FB calls Zuck cucks or the government cucks me
this \*GME is a slow bleed.   SHould just strangle the heck out of it for the next foreseeable future.  These short sellers are controlling the price better than most thought.
 flat af
LAAAAZZZZRRRRR 26 EOD u heard it here First Ladies and gents
SNAP OH BABY LETS GO
Are boomer stocks a good Christmas gift for my boomer parents? Was thinking PG or UL
Spread ya cheeks CCL bears
Sooooo AMD....
Idk why the Airlines are mooning but Im enjoying my tendies
First time buying options.  Bought a GME 20c expires 12-11 for 90$
I bought diamond and pearl there so i think it will go up.
Man al the airline and cruise ship stocks are way up. I bought delta at the height of the pandemic and Im up 60 percent of course I only put like $80 in on that. But my dumbass put $2k into pltr practically at peak price.
DOCU will get fucked, no matter the result
Schould I keep my 15jan AAL 17,00 call, or take the profit?
Finally the drugstore stocks are popping. My WBA 4/16 40c are ITM. CVS up too.
tsla 650 12/11 yes or no
CRSR bby I see you Workin hard, take your time Ill wait 
AAPL pleaseeeeeee. let's go!
Back to stimulus talks that will go nowhere other than trying to get votes for their respective sides in the runoff. 

And the markets are eating it up.

How any times can it pump on vaccine hopes, stimulus talks, trade talks...
[https://i.ibb.co/Sfw0Hpm/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/Sfw0Hpm/image.png)

Largest EEM (iShares MSCI Emerging Markets) dark or lit pool share print of 2020 just came in.   7,222,464 | $50.46 | $364,472,257
Why is PFE going down !?
Had to exit GME calls yesterday as I was getting bled dry by theta. Still want to play it somehow but not sure if I should do it now or wait for after earning next Monday.
OXY LEAPs 1/21/22 22C with 30,000 open interest 

Get in for oil recovery with travel demand
CCL holy cow
DOCUSIGN CALLSSSS GONNA PRINTTTTT
All my options trades are bad, but all my stock trades are also bad.
SONO
would you rather lose money and be wrong or not make money and be right? for example I want to buy a PLTR or NIO leap, if it hits $300 and im not in it ill be sad, but if it isnt $300 and remains close to the same price and I lose moeny ill have the peace of mind knowing I was in it at least any of you guys like that?
what becky stonks are hot right now
I may not understand options yet because Im new to investing, but I do understand PTLR and buy. Got in for 45 shares at $22, Im on the rocket.
Join riot gang boys
another day of beating myself up for never buying anything WOOOO 4 months in a row see if I can go into 2021 like this
"Tesla heading for record close after morgan stanley upgrade" no it's not why are they pumping this lol
Sell covered calls on meme stocks in your Roth Ira. This is financial advice.
Theta eating at my 12/18 Tesla
Looks like the virus is cured. As hospital beds fill up, airlines & cruises skyrocket.
fuck these  CRM s
Take my retard strength TSLA 
Man why are weed stonks so sideways today. We holding through tomorrow??
When was the merger deadline for the B again? They had 2 weeks right?
Next stop 600 TSLA
TSLA PASSED 590
Should I go all in on Apple ? Someone guide me
Told you PLTR would be 35 EOW, look at that PM movement
Stop scrolling 

The answer is yes...buy TSLA calls at open.
PLTR to the moon
CALL AN AMBULANCE CALL AN AMBULANCE...... but not for me.... for you fucking  s 
PLTR 30c 12/18
CRSR is like the jock that peaked at high school and now works at Wendys
PLTR gang, if we break resistance here we ride to tendie town
If pltr closes above $55 on 12/4 Ill eat my own feet 

Mods!!
Gme gang,

DR Burry closed his position Nov 30. 

It's over, you can go home now
man i dont get americans. you guys are protesting over masks, or using BLM protests as an advantage to loot.

how the fuck are you guys not on the streets over ONE FUCKING 1200$ PAYCHEQUE AND THE SENATE MAKING YOU LOOK LIKE FOOLS THIS PAST YEAR ! JJESUS
PLTR 30 EOY. Andrew Left, you done fucked up!
Lets go. 
TSLA will be between 550 and 615 today
What's the point of Uncrustables. You can make your own in 30 seconds for 10 times cheaper, and you don't gotta wait for it thaw to eat
APHA fucking us hard this am
Pltr crashed from 23.50 to 23.34. Help!
i like rimjobs
PLTR gang needs to evolve into PLTR co-op: each week, 1/3 buy calls, 1/3 buy puts, 1/3 go theta gang. Contribute earnings into a pot and split evenly
GME premarket is wild
Everyday is a new ATH and Moscow Mitch cant approve a 1200 check to finish the e year odd
GS upgraded their Tesla price so they can unload their position and short the shit they just sold
Classic bull trap on PLTR you definitely belong here if youre buying calls
PLTR paperhands crying rn lol
Hold 12/11 PLTR calls ?
TSLA free tendies
Feels like a red day is about to happen
PLTR 30 EOW?
# PALANTARDS 25
YOUR WIFE GIVING NECK FOR PLTR CALLS RN
pltr coming in almost as hot as a drone strike
Please donate to the dead bear foundation, thank you
Is apple getting delisted?
Did you guys know theres people who bought XPEV at 70 last week?

Lets point and laugh at those people.
Damn they tried killing PLTR but it came back from the ashes!!!!! Alex karp gang in tha house
[deleted]
Get out of GME now
Fuck off and die Boeing, you tin coffin-selling boomer clusterfuck.
Imagine pledging donations to charity contingent upon you making tendies on a specific trade.

Its like you are negotiating with a greater power, If you want me to help the unfortunate this holiday, give me some tendies
PLTR.....dead  bounce incoming. Yet another chance to see retards throw good money after bad.
[deleted]
Thinking of throwing my life savings into TESLA today thoughts ?
CRSR pick your shit up.
Mayoshi son say PLTR go 
XPEV lets see some action today pal 
PLTR slipping
Please NIO stay red so I can get leaps at open
Apple doing that thing
 gang today (again).
I will personally fly to China and Kowtow infront of Mao's picture, if BABA moons today
All the autistic dogs trying to pump garbage pltr to the moon
i love u SQ
Someone yesterday was asking how to see the orderbook on RH desktop. I just figured it out:

1) Expand the chart

2) Add data

3) Order book
DKNG wtf. Stop. going. down.
Should I just throw 300 on LAZR shares?
Thought I was on pornhub and accidentally added build a bear to my watchlist
Whats the reasoning for CRM calls
 \*S&P Says Risk of Another U.S. Downturn Remains at 25%-30%
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1334495086013452288?s=19

No jobs for anyone!
Will SQ return to its former glory today?
PLTR got me hard
Why wouldnt PLTR keep dumping?
Weed calls and BABA at open are free money
Hope you bought CRM and BABA yesterday too.  That was a helluva bargain
BABABABABABABABABABABA
If youre not buying PLTR right here I dont know what to tell ya
So now that we know $TSLA is going to $780, how soon is it gonna get there?
bears r fuk
hello, I am from the future. I bought 1000 PLTR and now I'm 2072 rich bitch.
TSLA gang...engage diamond hands 
[pltr bulls rise up - Morgan are gay bears ](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/03/palantir-bulls-should-take-latest-sell-off-as-a-gift-trader-says.html)
Bought some pltr calls yesterday at close, sell at open or let them ride?
Does this PLTR premarket boost hold? Tough to tell
AIRBNB IPO AT $44-50 a SHARE! ITS GONNA TO ROCKET UP TO $100 BEFORE OPEN THEN IT WILL SHOOT TO $150 am i right or not?! Then EOW SHOOT UNTIL 165!! Then when VACCINE announced, SHOOT TILL $260 AM I RIGHT OR Wrong? Easy 5bagger on shares and 100000x bagger on options. 

Someone tell me im right or wrong pls
PALANTIRRRRRRRRR
PLTR launch sequence initiated
I'm so glad I put 10k on PLTR yesterday
Classic pump and dump bears stand by
Went from +.5% to -3% in seconds
TAKE THOSE PLTR PROFITS BOYS, I DONT BLAME YOU, BUT WE AINT DONE
PLTR 30 EOW
nio gonna be big green EOD.
Where are the PLTR haters now?
Alright fuck it I bought some calls on PLTR
To whoever bought my TSLA 12/4 600c at close yesterday - you're welcome
BABA MOONING!!!!!
$BABA about to 
PSTH 
PSTH GANG GANG
$PLTR! Always believe in your soul, youve got the power to know, youre indestructible! Always believe iiiin
Not even gonna touch PLTR, I would just crash it so you're welcome palantards
RH's stupid charts make it look like you need to get the $rope if things are down .28%

Conversely, makes it look like your account is doubling if it is up .15%
TSLA is going to run like a motherfucker today
That random orc from lord of the rings:                "looks like PLTR is back on the menu boys!"
Found a glitch in the system. Buy TSLA calls, you can't lose.
Why is AAPL always dumping at open?
Its been like that for the last 3 months or so, even though it would slowly get back. Who tf would dump just to buy back?
LORD JESUS CAME BACK TO LIFE JUST LIKE PLTR CAME BACK STRONGER THAN BEFORE BITCHES
BB wtf
NIO is back and going back to 55+ soon as we shake the paper Mario hands
bear = bad

bull = good
Wtf aapl
Tim Apple 
Is PLTR finally off to the moon? 
Plug on a moon mission
I'm having trouble selling my 12/4 $40 PLTR calls for 1 cent.  Thoughts?
Up 20 percent today, feels good man
another theta day lol
Apple you crazy son of a bitch
gme go down pltr go up, im ok with this, i was almost in gme
Holding my oil bleeding calls, these diamond hands will pay off on monday when everyone rotates to black gold
AAPL shaking off the paper hands
I'm gettin spooked, dumping calls
Hold me GME bros
Serious, ANOTHER day of BB selling off???  Fuck this game
Thats more like it PLTR 
PLTR puts at end of day is the play
Someones got 43k PLTR shares set to dump at $25, cmon bros lets eat it up 
Gonna hurt jerking off to PLTR with these 
PLTR this past 2 weeks made me feel the full spectrum of emotions
If my company cuts my salary by 30 percent the banks will look at me and lower my value to them by issuing lower lines of credit, lower credit scores, etc. But in the corporate world that means your value goes to all time highs!
PLTR making a come back?
Alexa play Dont Call It A Comeback by LL Cool J
PLTR is back, just like the Backstreet Boys
Lmfao pltr 30 eod with resistance at 29.80
PLTR 200c 12/2021
Can we pump PLTR to $30 today.  After that it can do what it wants, but 30 today first....please & thankyou
Everyone's autistic uncle must have sold at a loss now. Pltr preparing for blast off
if CRM goes to 210 today ill coom.
No PLTR dont die you were so sexy
PSTH is to all other SPACs as TSLA is to all this shitty Chinese EV companies, change my mind
Is AAPL ever going to do anything? Its been trading around $123 for three days straight.
not tryin to be a   but my PLTR/NIO/XPEV PUTS printing
I found the next meme stock, guys. Get in $LAZR. don't be pussy!
can anyone recall what happened that made PLTR skyrocket as soon as November started ??
SRC 
AMD Calls free money. Seriously
SPY NEVER GONNA GO DOWN AGAIN $400 EOY
  PLTR
I feel like if I keep my 10,000 shares of PLTR I'll get a flare. But there are so many good plays I can't get into because I have no more ammo
I feel retarded for still holding NIO but I feel even more retarded because I'm not selling until $55
Don't you think BA will dip below 200 one more time? I don't trust this stock at all.
5 red days in a row and for that reason, I'm out.
BOOMERS who loaded up on BA: Retirement is back on the menu
Fuck this market is so fkn rigged
Retards be like hey lets dump all the Chinese EV stocks and jump on Nikola dip..
Whats the deal with snowflake ?
Buy the dip you absolute retards - this is a shake out. We will be back at all time highs in a few minutes
Dont forget PLTR is still down 26.32% from ATH (but also up 166% in a month but that doesnt matter)
 is going vertical, and she stings
im attracted to my sister... am i fucked?
Wtf!! Citron price target nio at $25?! How is this legal?? Is this not market manipulation what the fuck!!
PLTRS MASSIVE FUCKING COCK IS BACK MOTHER FUCKERS GET READY FOR 
I thought today was going to be a +$100 day for TSLA 
148 GME calls just purchased 20$ 12/11. Take me to vahala
If PLTR can break and hold 25 Ill cream
CCL gonna have a double digit day
$LAZR is just getting started. Pew pew!
Can't believe I have to say this, this is a hold long term for several reasons:

1. PLTR is helping with the Colombian Government on their Covid-19 response.

2. PLTR will be assisting the UK Government with Brexit and border control in 2021.

3. The UK Government will begin mass vaccination roll out next week to it's population of 70 million people, who is assisting? PLTR

4. The US Government have operation warpspeed coming to fruition, whose involved heavily, PLTR.

Long term hold, averaging my position down daily
Every 60 second minutes in Africa a minute passes
Why is TSLA worth $539 billion market cap?
Price action for PLTR in premarket is the exact same as the previous few days. Down we go
PLTR wait until under $20. You are fighting big money shorts
Why doesnt pltr send the cia after left
Adderall hitting nicely 

Lets fucking go bulls!

Andele Andele mama E.I. E.I. Uh ohhhhh! Whats poppin at 9 (30)?
[deleted]
These PLTR 12/4 40c are printing!
Holy shit. This PLTR cock riding thread. Its everywhere 
For those of you that held on PLTR, now is your chance to abandon ship. Don't say you didn't get warned.
Yes baby YES - keep printing SPY I FUCKING LOVE YOU. TSLA, PLTR KEEP PRINTING - this market FUCKS so HARD - steroids - GIVE ME J POWELL - GIVE ME MORE MONEY FED PRINTING AHHHhhHHH So good
I didnt fucking sell PLTR holy shit, despite people telling me to dump all week
i wish there was more stock discussion rather than memelords shilling their fucking terrible meme stocks like thcBEE,  lazr, pltr
Getting really fucking tired of this college shit. Fucking trash yo why cant I just play video games in front of thousands of people and be rich. Life would be so ez
If I ran for president my whole agenda would be to allow Pattern Day Trading for all! Why must only those with 25k get tendies.  Tendies for all under my plan!
I looked to the morning sky and saw a flying object. I took a picture, and as I zoomed in on it...I could tell on the side of the rocket it read...>!TSLA!<
CDC and Department of Defense. Amazon Web Services and Palantir Foundry are mission critical for Operation Warp Speed. 
Shitron........
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven!
Those of you retards who like to read and love books. 
Your welcomeeeeee! Millions of books for free 
https://www.pdfdrive.com
Okay Palantir, very legal
you know when to buy puts based on how yolo wsb is.

"$750" what I do?
Fun fact: The Ceo of Goldman Sachs David M. Solomon is also a DJ lol. Check out his LinkedIn profile...... lol
Watch these pltr retards celebrating pre-market and getting blown out by noon. Extremely bullish on $rope
After stimulus being priced in repeatedly over the past 3+ months, Im starting to think it will be a sell the news catalyst 
The sell off for NIO is finally over. Sweet spot will be $54-$57, hop in retards
my personal theory

buy airline stocks, people bout to start traveling again , prices going up
Was that manipulation to get pltr down or something?
Pltr is huge!
Weed to the MOON after the vote. Average joe gonna hear about the vote on the news tonight and every pleb gonna be spending their paychecks on weedstocks tomorrow.

APHA
ACB
SN.DL (this should be unbanned over 1bil mc now)
PLTR TO THE SUN
how my pltr fd's doing?
Everyone and their dog is going to be buying cruise tickets for Christmas. 

Get in on CCL!!! It's going to $22.25 before EOD. 

After that level, there is **no resistance** until $24!!!

CCL $26 by Christmas.
When is the PLTR dump coming?
I cant stop printing money with PLTR.  In at 11 out at 32, in again at 22.
lol retail getting sucked into PLTR again and the big boys gonna dump it to fuck you all over
Fuck I was really enjoying every comment not being about pltr.
WTF, just finished peeing and then somehow had another decent stream after putting it away.    Had to messily wash my hands so I could blame it on the sink.
Bought PLTR for the long term at $17, had to sell at $30 because FOMO train was moving at a totally unsustainable rate and could see the pullback from miles away. Now bought back in at $22, wish you fucking idiots would just leave it alone so it doesn't rollercoaster every day.
Oh no, PLTR under 25
Palantur hurr durr
[deleted]
Dip spy you fuck I need to feed my dog 
the funniest part about GME is that you guys have had all this time to get in on these lows before earnings and will still miss this Rocket to the moon
Just got off the phone with Ivanka, PLTR to $19 today
This feels like the calm before the storm, the dip every fomoing retard out there has been waiting for, the shaking off of all semi retard paper hands from the stock. Now we rally to to 40$ PLTR                            
People thinking NIO and Xpeng gunna dump lmfao yea the stocks with price targets in the 60s and 70s are gunna dump now that all the paperhands are gone. Best case scenario for the bears is dip at open then moon again like yesterday then its all gravy from there
Chinese ev RIP today
If PLTR shoots to $30 again what levels of IV are we going to be seeing lmfao?
Honestly, getting PLTR shares on a dip and then waiting for it to hit +10% for the day and selling 1DTE calls to you idiots is so much fun
And you idiots downvoted me for calling bull trap 30 minutes ago. Inverse WSB never fails
Dump tech and pump into travel boys
Bet pltr drops to 18 at 9:40
Nibbas happy that PLTR is up 5% don't know what IV is. Rip y'all. Buy MARVELL DOCUSIGN FISKER
PLTR is love, PLTR is life. Everyone who doesn't believe can get fucked by Trumps 2 incher.
PLTR is gonna be $100 next year
PLTR gap up tomorrow. buy the dip
PLTR palms are sweaty, knees weak,  arms are heavy 

Hes nervous but on the surface he looks calm and ready, to print positions 

But he keeps forgetting, that he is a meme stock, WSB goes so loud, mr market opens up and the shares go down 

Hes chokin now everybodys jokin now 
Clocks run out, market closed over blao 

Snap back to reality, there drops the share price 

Oop there he goes along with NKLA
Everyone should own GME imo.
Why is everyone so into PLTR? Isn't that company, like, pretty terrible?
NIO/Xpeng bear loss porn is going to be biblical today for those of them who thought the delisting fear wasnt priced in already lmfao
Watching  in premarket is about as exciting as watching $F
GS needs to improve their year-end results. Go buy some Tesla call options. Lmao
Imagine not buying PFE at open
PSTH is merging with Fidelity. You heard it here first
Mr Peanut didn't die so PLTR could let Andy win
Yesterday before close thought of buying 6 figures worth of splunk but chocked out. Probably wouldn't be able to get that much filled anyway
[deleted]
watch gun earnings be shit because people talk shit but never do anything

fax
Delisting chinese cos would be lololol, I am FOR it.
FUV going to moon today  i have a tingle in my balls
SE is gonna push it today. I can feel it in my urethra
What do you guys think is $20 a good point to buy PLTR? Havent invested before in PLTR
SQ or TSLA weeklies at open?
Boeing delivered first 737MAX to American Airlines that is re-certified
New 10 year bull run starts today?
I hope Su Bae doesnt cuck me. My first time playing AMD this week and Im expecting them to break 100 by EOM
Who is Shitron?
#LAZR calls at first dip. You heard it here.
DKNG to 65 by January 15

CHWY to 80 by January 15
Any good live streams you watch/listen to during hours. No retarded shills just solid info on what is happening?
Anyone think RR is a buy . The fucker rises about 8% a day for a week, but its still hovering around 100 and its YTD high has been about 900.

I believe they get fucked with costs for all the engines they sell on airplanes when the planes aren't flying, some kinda BS deal like that that backfired.
Anyone with 12/18 GME calls holding through earnings? Usually wouldn't but who knows with this one.
BABA filled the gap yesterday on the daily chart. We goin up from here on the BABA train??
Those of ya with sexy moms 

How do ya deal with your friend wanting to pound her ?
Do we still do short term SPY puts
KR at its lowest since March in PM. Thinking this may be a good time to jump into some long-dated calls. I mean, its fucking Kroger and everything is about to lock down again.
Buying CRM on the morning dip, was waiting for PLTR to go up a little so I can get rid of these fucking bags
We fixin to melt up, boys
Where do we genuinely think pltr will finish today? +3%?
oh look tsla giving up gains yet again...
Its wild to think that back on Opening Weekend in May we were ripping past the 300 mark. Now here we are, its Closing Weekend at the start of December and were just chilling at 365. 400 by spring confirmed
Meme stocks, lets go fam!
dollar eating shit
Pltr is back on the table bois
Dollar is worthless
Hold or sell my end of week PLTR calls
Palantir my love, u didn't abandon me
RIP USD
Lazr IPO. Will be next wsb meme
Rip nio
How long till Corsair red? I say in less than 20 minutes
Anyone see that bid on AMD? Over $1mil worth of AMD at $93
So NIO is going to be delisted then or?
Tf happen to pltr?? Anyway buy more spce and apha? Maybe
Lets shit the bed today too CRSR! Lets shit it all the way to 0 you piece of shit!!
BABA 265 here we go
And this is why I dont want to touch NIO
Lol @ people still playing PLTR weeklys. Y'all gon LEARN. Buy ITM > 30dte!
Which way we going AAPL GANG?
Why appl
LLY does give me the headaches sometimes...
Sold a $10.5p on ACB
Bought that APHA dip
Keep holding PLTR 1/15 $40c? Down 80% on it all time but up 40% today.
Tesla wants to climb more
Baba came in clutch 
who sold PLTR yesterday?
Weekly telling me PLTR about to break out to new ATH
SPCE round 2
Lmao retards that bought puts pltr
PSTH making a nice little move so far
CRSR let's go bby
Robinhood telling me Im up 300% lmao. In reality Im only up 16%.
memes are back boys
Meme stocks rallying today
Bezos can u be cool today? I'll resub to Prime if u want
Alexa play Who's Lovin' You for my PLTR, please.
Too late for BABA calls?
Buy the top of PLTR right now
PLTR you love to see it
CRSR MOONING BOYS DONT MISS THE FLIGHT
will LAZR go back up
APHA is  a fucking boomer stock
Im happy I decided to play pfe and not tsla 
Tim Cock
I seriously would rather pltr be a normal and have consistent gains.
Jeff Bezos the kinda guy that spams fireballs, even when he plays against his in-laws over Thanksgiving.
Don't you know? Pump it up You got to pump it up  
Don't you know? Pump it up You got to pump it up

PLTRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Everything is red bro
PLTR risen from the dead
Next stop $26
Took tsla 700c for 12/24. Lets see how it goes
I wish Tesla stock price was as high as its Volume right now 
The amount of times I have read whoever times TSLA puts correctly is going to be rich since June is pretty funny
Be me. Have many many BABAs

Be you. Have no BABAs

Why live?
Honestly NIO is A lil BITCH
Dont forget to take profits
Anyone else eyeing RKT at all? I know Gilbert's not playing fair with the street but Omaha likes him... seems like its been too flat for too long, institutes loaded up to 70% over the last month
Once again logic use on CCL turned out to be the wrong decision.... up 6%
Took out most of my money for a down payment, left a few grand for plays. I dont know if ill ever be able to get an erection again with swings this small.
This market s broken.
tsla 600 eod
TSLA BOUTTA ROCKET
Once it breaks 600, everything is pretty clear until 800
APHA 9 TOMRROW?
To all the fucks who said bUy sPy pUtS yesterday fuck you and fuck you! Spy is getting 370 either today or tomorrow
[deleted]
PLTR start an onlyfans. Youll be racking in Ms
Roblox will be the next pltr
SPCE cadets stand back and stand by. Prepare for lift off 
Spy bull flag?
What's with these bid/ask spreads on PLTR??
Market is stalling. We ain't going 400 we gonna see 350 first
# TAKE ME TO TENDIE LAND BOEING
thank you amd! very cool. was up 30% on my calls now down 20%.

im el retardo
LAZR to 30$ get it while you can - DD it:  got contracts out the booty
i seriously fucking hate microsoft... bout to buy a PS5 in protest
SPY 370 close - 374 by open tomorrow - keep going up you lovely son of a bitch
Amzn go UP pls
I'm all in pltr atm weekly calls
Wondeful how MMs could pin SPY at $367 while pumping DOW components.
The EV bubble was like getting concussed for the 8th time. Subs collective intelligence falling rapidly.  The gronkowski of stock forums
NVDA and AMD kinda disappointing today ngl
I closed out/took profit on all my Chinese garbage except JD. Thoughts on JD? I have Jan and March calls. I feel like it's gonna break out.
Tim Apple get your ass in gear, wtf?
FEAC & LGVW already too high or a bargain?
AAPL why :(
Pssst >!big tech is still gay!<
Lost 90% of my portfolio this week, time to make it back next couple weeks
NIO XPEV shills quiet today
Cant wait for all the PLTR memes later today. Im already laughing imagining them 
when is CRM taking off??
Lol, this isnt manipulated at all. 
Fucking THC , I wont be surprised if it ends red EOD.
Thanks Cathie Woods
BEUH I SHOWERED WHAR HAPPENED TO SPY LMDAOO
#CMON CRSR BB I BELIEVE IN U 
Hey, you goddamn autistic geniuses. This is your first and last warning to get in $LAZR before eminent memeage. Don't fight the future. Pew pew
Why bears so shocked spy is moving up? has to hit or come near 370 before a fall
My tardey-sense is tingling, I sense a PM dip on NIO
How long before all these clowns cumming in their pants over PLTR realize they are missing LGVW
Moscow Mitch..a deal can work..we must do eit = brrrr tendies.
Still F tho.
ThiccB wants to take off so bad
Chances of AAL seeing $18 by 1/15?
LGVW next meme stock?
CCL EOY prediction?
Wow what a boring ass day Jesus Christ
Cause Im proud to be an American where at least I know Im free
Anyone going for zscaler?
Whats the word on the street with Thicc Boii?
So many simps here lately
Hello?
Red day for APHA :(
Got a funny feeling in my gut. I think its a down day. Either that or I need a shit.
Anyone else down bigly from CRSR? Bought 6k worth at $40
Why do I keep seeing CRM??
Do you think the jobless claims have been reduced not because there are actually less jobless claims but because Americans are dying thus reducing the absolute amount?
  ! ! ! PFIZER YOU PFUCKS ! ! !  
sell TSLA at open??
RIP gme
Thank you Elon 
getting out of Apple fuck this
TSLA gonna dumpppp
Crsr
your chance to get out of PLTR and come back to AMD
Guess when I sold PLTR. pain.
OZON

DA 

PUTIN GANG   
My PLTR calls have me with paper hands
Last call to get in on CCL at under 23 a share. We going straight to 35-40 on vaccine approval
Bet you that the redhead who interviews cramer on the street is an easy (and great) lay
Pltr going higher?
How do we feel about lesbians?
INCOMING PALANTIR DROP.  I HOPE YOU SOLD YOUR SHARES / CALLS.
puts free money when we hit 368
IV is 130 for PLTR 12/11

TG, you know what to do
EVERYONE BUY THE PLTR 12/11 $50C FOR ONE DOLLAR SO THE STOCK MOVES UP PLEASE.
i really dont understand why ppl sell tsla before 12 21. Overvalue, bubble all that sht doesnt matter cuz the index funds have to buy them. suppy and demand will bring the price up till then anyway. u guys hate money or smt??
Weed.  Weed stocks.

That is all.
After staying up all night. In the 5 minutes that the ps5 dropped at target, I was fake doing homework. I just started typing in random cities in my state to try to get one that was in stock. The one that finally let me place an order is 147 miles from my house. Im wondering it I should make that trip?
Robinhood should embrace its mobile gameyness. Everytime your price goes up there should be little numbers that pop up like +$23 XP and when it goes up twice in a row, you get a combo and mad neon colored numbers flashing everywhere. +23 XP COMBO TRIPLE Every time you profit in a day you are awarded 1 day trade and extra health.
Who else only trade premarket?

80% of me gambling fund trades are done in the premarket lol
Lmfao you guys still think PLTR has a chance
SPY calls, TSLA calls, PLTR calls, NIO calls, AMZN calls

Today my friends we make it rain down tendies on all of us
The house passed Chinese delisting bill.. Expected to be signed into law by Orange man. Sell your nio, baba, and xpev holdings y'all.
Imagine buying pltr at open. Rug pull in 5 minutes. Lmfaooooo
I was pretty spot on

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k57d6a/daily\_discussion\_thread\_for\_december\_02\_2020/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k57d6a/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_02_2020/gedk4eq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
If you dont buy the dip you aint black
Market is fucked. I just closed my short futures contract. Crash imminent now
Just got into PLTR hopefully I dont get fucked 
The Grinch by Dr.Seuss is an allegory about scalpers hoarding all the cool new toys, video games, gadgets etc...

Thus ruining the spirit of Christmas for the young, the impoverished, or families on a tight budget etc... 

I'm unemployed right now but I gave my cousin in high school some of my older systems because I know how cruel life can be. Fortunately I'm starting a better job in January and once I balance my finances & maybe get some more nice wins on the stock market I'll see if I can get my cousin a PS5 & help a local toys for tots Christmas 2021 even if it isn't tax deductible. Ultimately it is my decision what I do with my earnings & winnings but I'd like to pay it forward and use the power of the free market to make the world a better place.
PLTR up 6% pre market
PLTR bears are as delusional as Ellen Paige.
Futures flatter than a plate of piss.
Working until 2hours after market open should I set my options to sell at market price at open? Or risk it and hope they keep going down until Im off work
Thought FSLY will take off with this colleagues CRWD, ZS and co.
Slow climb for Baba today?
All this bear talk when we have a vaccine being distributed to the public on the 15th, McConnell and Pelosi making compromises on stimulus deal, and DXY completely dead is exactly the autistic behavior Id expect.
what if yield curve only goes up is the next stocks only go up
Shower in the morning or in the evening?
LSPD let's get rich
Holding CINE.L all the way until James Bond release. Diamonds are Forever. 
So quiet this morning. Did people fomo puts yesterday or something?
How you guys feel about CHWY
All aboard the REZI rocket
Nothing but NET
looking like a nice rebound day for SPACs after a couple of bloody days.
(0_0)/ X Was the play F
Wassup figs
Premarket looking good on apex 
https://www.autonews.com/mobility-report/av-startup-autox-starts-driverless-testing-china
BOIL feeling the heat
Make fun of me all you want but I bought some Ford. I just don't think a titan like that will stay in single digits for a long time. But then again I have been known to be retarded.
my BABA calls gonna print big????
Spicy meme dropping for the boys soon
Need some autistic plays. Puts at open ?
Chad's across the company weep at express missing on eps.
Anyone playing MRVL earnings
*Challenger Gray: Unemployment Will Have Impact on Spending, Which Will Lead to Further Job Cuts
Does robinhood let you sell your contract day of expiration? I buy a call Monday expires 12/4 am I able to sell 12/4 if theres a buyer?
How is selling (S)NDL 12/18 $1 puts not free money with the .45 premium? The IV is 450 percent
Mmm these 25c for 12/24
anyone in on smith and Wesson earnings?
Short CLDR for earnings?
BBW earnings gonna make me rich
PLL any thoughts?
calling it.  buy VFF on dips today/tomorrow.  runup starts any time btwn now and early next week. this current run is looking like the run 18mo ago to all time high.
Im too pussy to do it but someone should buy FB 280p 12/4 theyre like 77 cents rn its an FD for sure but I think it can print
zs crwd okta were the plays. congrats to whoever got in
Sell APHA today and buy after vote dip? Too obvious of a play?
PFE anyone?
God ASML is so sexy. Hitting new ATHs every day for two weeks. I wish it had a decent options chain.
[deleted]
AAL looking good
Waiting patiently for spy to break out
CRSR is going to shit the bed today again, isn't it?
DKNG the move for today???
Whats the next meme stock guys? I need some quick calls
Wti c $3 /2023 ---- oil is gonna come back big before it crashes... also Rolls royce paid me 1.90 divided yesterday while trading at 1.50...wtf... time to load up on that as they are not going anywhere too.
Anyone looking at long calls for BDX?
Opec today. Gonna announce more production cuts, larger inventories, even less demand, no recovery until 2025 and oil will board a rocket to $50. Get your calls.
alright, high quality meme posted for the boys in celebration of my 2 week ban being over, lets go boys. today gonna be WILD
When do you think the dollar will hit support?
Whos ready for some green today and tomorrow?

Comeback city boys, lets get some cheddar
KR investors were not pleased with their quarterly financials
NNDM....it's days as a single digit midget are numbered.
This is some next level flatness
Fake market hopium fully installed. Except when EUA vaccine news is announced. Then it will be overclocked.
Whats pumping AMD? I want to get in but that stock has done me dirty too many times
Anybody play SNPS earnings?
As I was promised to get rich today buying into thicc boi - when can I call my employer and tell him to fuck off?
Fb 300 when
Chwy gave you another shot yesterday
KR drilling
Plays for today?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1334486348552663040?s=19
I understand the rabid approach, but realistically hasnt TSLA bounced off 600 like 3 times now? Who says they wont again
I am going to mortgage the house to buy AAPL LEAPS
Imagine thinking the  bill matters if youre not kandi
where are the NKLA short sellers? waiting on yall.

SHOP though get in before the trampoline bounce off support
[deleted]
APHA has the strength of a Russian woman
Damn.. anyone actually read that $BB news?? This blasts through $10 -- past chart is unreal.
Lol aal.
SNAP been up for a while now. Bought some calls yesterday, lets see where it takes me
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5p6c5/tsla_to_valhalla/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
PFE still not . I give up. Cashing out on this piece of shit stock.
ITS GONNA BE A SPACTASTIC DAY RETRDS
OKTA 270 EOD
SQ to $300 eoy?
FTEK pumpin
CINE.L I can only get so hard.
Watch JMIA today, if it breaks this resistance it will run to hit the bottom of that channel at 39

[https://www.tradingview.com/x/on638RWC/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/on638RWC/)
If you have think or swim app. Theres a guy named Charlie on benzigna squawk that reads breaking news out loud to you.
Should I make my gains post when I hit the five figure club, or when I 10x my account, or when I hit the day trade club?
Boys this is looking nice and green! My 12/4 calls are gonna print !
Anyone have an opinion whether there is any short-term profit left in weed stocks?
What news channel do you guys put on in the background?
BBW 
splunk drilling
Natural gas be like 
maybe I should do fucking UUP puts this is fucking retarded
picks?
i am feeling sick to my stomach at the thought of today being a theta day. These last two weeks of rangebound cuckery have been incredibly boring and painful. may just quit for the year and see whats good in january
I can finally say trade. I assume Ill be broke by end of year.
SAN 
Bought something called FOUR yesterday. Looks like Ill make some money
Hey Mr Market can you open early please ? Id like to close out these TSLA calls so I can lock in these tendies.
Whats the plays for today retards ?
TSLA straddle holders did well this week.
JKS poking its head out pre
We still buying BB or has it seen the top?
Anybody buy the NET dip?
If spy dumps, meme stocks will not be isolated.. just sayin
Pump the jam?
Fuk me and all my NKLA 12/4 16p
crtl+f '$dg': 0 results

Yeap, I played myself on this earnings. Curse you Dollar Tree for making me optimistic about crap-store sales.
I have oil calls will they go up or down at open and should I hold?
Crm shares and calls at open.
Anyone buying BA calls?
what CRM SQ and CHWY calls we getting? strike n exp
Probably gonna sell my OKTA or CRWD for CRM soon. Not sure which to sell.
NFLX and MCD GANG GANG
Splunk plunging hard
WHAT STRIKE N EXP DATE FOR CRM N SQ N CHWY CALLS U GUYS IN
KR calls at open.. no way this dino goes under 30
why was i such a pussy to get a bull call spread rather than an outright call for CRM
PLTR eod price?
Forgot to buy or look at SE yesterday morning. Fuck
Please Let Tech Rise 
DXCM Keeps dip recovery going today
FCX going to 
Thankgod i held onto SPR, its doubled in the span of a month, time to average up
I guess I am in for the CRSR bounce. Its only money
anyone playing CHWY earnings?
Might get some SPOT poots here
BA calls?
Im gonna lose a little money on KR and DG shares because of weird earnings reactions lol earnings are so retarded
Adobe!!! Get in now!
Can somebody explain to me this subs obsession with getting blueballed by PLTR??
CRWD to 200 by eoy
SAN $5 EOY
Why the sudden spot light on CHWY, SQ, CRM?
[deleted]
OZON 
I think JD is going to have a good day.  Calls on JD.
GOOOOOOPROOOOOOOOO
PFE 
Back to stimulus pumps?
CMBM $35 by EOD!
Any reason to not do really small put yolos on obscure some China stocks?
comment volume low today
whos playing chwy earnings and what calls we got?
Get in CHWY before its too late
Whats the play you all see today
Short TG
Elon Pump doing his thing again
gopro subscriber amount lmfao

you get a free subscription whenever you buy one of their products. If anything that shows you sales numbers more than subscriber numbers
SOL skipping the moon and going straight to the sun
Get ready to buy some puts on gopro mid day
BB 12/18 15C my final retard yolo of the year.
guys you have to pick two only this morning, what strike and exp? CRM, SQ, CHWY
CRWD crew where you at??? 
Lfggggg MIK
So red days outlawed then huh, melt up 4 ever?
Take my energy Mr. Mouse!!
"One fake pump, please"
FUCKING ECB PRINT SOME EUROPOOR MONEY  PLZ

EUR.USD 1.216
Its time to buy RDS, its been beaten down too much
CMBM ATH today.
Super interested to see what happens with LAZR not going to touch it for a bit tho
The price of monthlies is too high!
Any news worth sharing fellas
We need like our own options version of the LOIC. Where it buys a shit ton of calls and drive the price up.

If SoftBank can do it why cant we?
DG good play, BBY great play, MCD ok play (can fall a bit more)

discretionary down for no reason
2 cents is not enough to make my spy calls print
cmon BBY I GOT CALLS FOR THE LOW DONT SCRE ME
Give me a play at open
Will Tesla drop at open?
Buying SWBI for earnings
Starting to get worried a about these April viac 42s I sold to open.
I averaged down on APX(T) nothing can stop me now.
[deleted]
Su Bae NO. Don't let it do this.
AAPL calls?!?!
Can someone explain TTCF to me? They make frozen vegetable meals? And they have a $400 million market cap? Why?
Who would win in a 1v1 bear or bull
AAPL eod prediction?
Vbiv 4$ calls
Here comes that volume...
Ding ding ding. You lose some more hahhahhahahahhahahahahha

Welcome to the open
ooops that was a big tsla slip......
GME I am ready to be hurt again.
Dxy is literally dying rip
 tight balls, diamond hands, cant lose
GoPro short interest about 13 million shares or 11% of the float
anyone think this is a good dip to get in on DG?
Anybody else see that robinhood tesla glitch? Damn near had a heart attack.
Ofc DOCU up after I get out yesterday
I'm telling you guys.  We might see a huge rip up over the next two days.  Like 380 kind of rip
Gentlemen, prepare for The Greatest Show
Weeklies available on SD NL. Suck my dingus you fucking nerds.
what does usdxy mean?
OPEC+ get it done you fucks I have rent to pay and lambos to buy
Oof I had gmhi 12/18 calls
CRM GANG. **HERE. WE. GO!!!!**
Is weed  a thing anymore
They not gonna let pltr raise for two weeks. You guys planning to buy calls be careful
Godspeed regards
I tried to buy a 27c for 12/11 but nobody would sell it to me. It looks like it's gonna print 
Something is rotten with snowflake. Like seriously bad.
Why is USD kill?
SPY opening eerily close to flat
MU is above 70!!
OH DA BABY
Get in on BABA, this bitch is going to 270
Ok BABA, are you going to moon or dump? Please do something, I can't take the bleeding anymore.
MGNI what the actual fuck
All green MM setting a trap
We mooning again!
Just woke up. We going green from news?
BABA
woo come on SACRED NUMBER
I guess I don't get who is waiting until ATHs to put money into the market
See that? A full moon
Dont make any stupid moves yet dummies, fake pump.
Adobe  also that IV increase before ER gonna make my calls go up a lot
CCL is actually going to break through $22. Good lord.
CRISPR CAS9 AMIGOS
Me: don't buy calls at open
also me: buy calls at open
INO: [https://www.reuters.com/article/health-coronavirus-inovio-pharma/inovio-signs-covid-19-vaccine-manufacturing-deal-with-japans-kaneka-idUSL4N2IJ37E](https://www.reuters.com/article/health-coronavirus-inovio-pharma/inovio-signs-covid-19-vaccine-manufacturing-deal-with-japans-kaneka-idUSL4N2IJ37E)
Should I take my 100% airline gains or let them run up a little longer?  AAL 6/18 C $25, UAL 6/18 $72.50
This is your Tesla dip
367 bein a real sloot
GME rocketing down
NIO/Xpev ;(
ADBE mooning
Recession over?
600 too strong man
GME stepbro what are you doing?
JdD running
If Im up 40 percent on Jan 21 2020 leaps should I just hold em.
SPLK FD puts would be 100x returns    
What to buy today boys?
Retailers are having a rough mourning
LMAO I love how consistently LLY shoots up on open just to bleed the rest of the day again.
Is NIO going to dip or not
SHOP heading to the stratosphere
Fuck I knew I should have waited for BNTX to dip
SPY opened at nearly the same price as last night's close. The IV on my puts didn't change beyond 0.05%. Theta is about $11 yet each option opened nearly $25 down from yesterday's closing. What gives?! Noticed the same thing yesterday too.
Short term nio puts anyone?
BLNK to $30
What are we buying today boys?
Why is $FSR not going to the moon?? Its just $NKLA but better.
Wtf apple
Kanga gang it is
Gme has garbage volume.
So if nio is delisted whats that mean lol is it just not able to be bought here
WHAT SHOULD I BUY BOYS
Wtf is this volume for ants? Blood flat for 2 days..
CRM free money
seeing some weakness out there... what y'all seeing
[deleted]
Bought 4 pltr 22c yesterday for 1 sold today for 2 
BB reversal upwards incoming after hitting 7.25
Amazon calls??
Oil stocks gonna moonnor die?
Murica with the initial dump as always
ZS calls were absolutely the move. saved my shitty week off that earnings play.
preparing my rectum for the TSLA fade
Back down goes amazon lmfao
Thoughts on PFE, are you holding?
BBY will likely rise $5-10 by EOY. Media will report strong holiday sales, get in now boys 

12/24 $111c
If you're not in ASAN, what is you doing
I miss the +/-$1 drops on SPY in the blink of an eye. Gave me a tingling feeling
someone tell me what to buy rn
tech rallied yesterday   
you can do it again
CAN down to 3.60 from 11/25 7.26 high. Fuck ER, pump this bitch.
 Drill BKNG. Drill to fucking $2000. This shit is so overvalued. It keeps fucking going up even with the downgrade.
Diamond handing my 12/18 oil calls that are bleeding while everyone else is making money on real stonks
#TSLA GANG IM STILL ASLEEP ARE WE SELLING BUYING OR 
Pltr you dirty slut 
   
What are you working on at work today?
Any Good YOLOs?
Wow, SNOW was like, fuck you.
We getting rigged up in here
To day trade and swing, is it better to buy ITM or OTM calls ?
Buying zscaler 3 months ago paid off
I missed the last pump on crsr. Should I buy in today?
What do yall think of calendar spreads? Too difficult for this dongus?
Im buying the NKLA dip
 $ESTC gang 
Do I fucking sell LAZR or what
DKNG 1/15 65c. Papa needs a new phone!
 calls are printing!
Trevor's about to take a fat dump
We sellin lazr now or what
NKLA to either $0 or $100, there is no inbetween
Can X just please give it to me already?
After losing most of my gains since Friday, today is redemption. Clawed my way back buying dips yesterday and it feels good.
SNOW lmao
ACK ACK ACK ACK ACK ACK ACK ACK ACK ACK
CRSR gonna rip today I hope
This is getting annoying, just dump it you clown
The hype said GME but all I'm seeing is a crash
Anyone else get some LAZR? Up 30% since the ticker change
NKLA finally falling! I hope it can break 17
DXCM is mooining, just posted a DD
Come on FAANG
Why the fucking dump on apple jesus fuck
Next meme is FUBO. Get in while premiums are super cheap
Stonks are up because of mango's insane post last night, nice!
DISCA got cleared for it's moon mission, then the shorts woke up lol
Bill Ackman thank you for the gains I am about to recieve
Is the PSTH merger happening? Taking off 
NIO calls?
Anyone in $ZS gang
I guess Costco was a sell the news event shouldve seen it coming 
dame big tech going red :(
Vix up, spy up. Be careful
Oh yesss LAZR all over my face bby mmmm
I'll say what I did yesterday -- keep an eye on TGT. This pull back from 180 last week may just be profit taking. Make no mistake it's been a top tier retailer this year and evolved the company in a way that will make it great in a post-COVID economy.

Pick a buy in spot for March calls (after Feb earnings which will include holidays). As long as they continue the trend of smashing earnings I think 200c is a good strike.
Im all lubed up NIO, take me up
PLUG 
is a 12/18 $55 CRSR call too smooth-brained?
Come on now, why the fuck did I not own BA calls?
DMYD 
When is iOS 14.3 coming out
Zm in trouble. LA lockdowns didnt pump it.  That was its only remaining catalyst
i make company that sell massive dildos way too large for human being 


and i gurantee market will still PUMP ME
 CHWY Doing that thaaanng
# TSLA 
Never forget the cardinal rule: stonks go uppies
What's TSLA ATH?
PYPL up with coin flashing buy signals
Damn why do I keep missing the SR AC dip
if you buy an option at the end of the day and wake up to a 30% gain with an expiry a month out - do you take the money and run? whats your usually cut off point?
I knew I shouldve averaged down yday ffs
CHWY TWTR SPY calls all doing their thing
Alright CRM come on lets get a little pump going bud.
Everyone here forgot about ZS
CHWY PTON
Li?????
Come on CVS you can do it little guy.
The DXCM DD guy posted his ASS 
we buying SQ or CHWY today?
How is the sell off so vicious on bby every single day. Jfc
Why clf open so flat? Fuck these green premarket bullshit
Snow you do your thing pretty boy
BLNK is posting up at BK, gonna be bigly
Splunk said the N word?
Anyone playing cloudera earnings?
Never thought Id say thank you to Goldman and Ball Sachs. 162% return on a Tesla weekly l randomly bought yesterday with intentions of day trading and someone decided to hold overnight.
Fuckcktkhrr flat market Jesus fucking christ
What do you know, of course I have short /NG puts and its down over 8% when I wake up.
Who bought the KR dip?
i read the GS report on TSLA. they pretty much only talk about car sales and how they expect EV sales to go up in the future. no mention of any other tech really

so now TSLA is a car company (and not a magic future tech company)?   
LAZER.GANG
Gonna dump so hard
So strict lockdown announcement in California. Wat calls would be worth? Qqq? Likely by sunday
Watching the VIX closely today. It seems to have stopped falling this week, and might start heading back up in advance of an index dump a la September 2nd.
 PFE NOOOO
Y'all.... Get ZS $230 End of month calls........
I swear VXN has been green like everyday for the past week.
Maybe the ZS 1dte $170p wasnt the best idea
Cloud is King
I'm supposed to believe Pfizer should be dipping?
FRII is bound to blow up
Macy's is killin it.
I was between yoloing in the laser or the bee a couple weeks ago and sadly I chose the bee. How patient are we supposed to be heat bee gang?
Can I get a Jack Mas biggest Stan flair? if not these tendies will do
Google to 1900 eod
Man how was I supposed to know I was supposed to sell ZM call at +4% yesterday morning
DIS 1DTE calls are cheap get in boys
SHOP chart looks like my heart rate
KR calls?
FB calls?
Should I bother holding to BB or just leave?
Avantor looking pretty good so far, thanks to whoever gave that DD
Zs 230 12/18
Oh yes, it's good to have a morning coffee
tied up rn, but if i had the capital i would look at zuck weeklies
Daddy Bronson fucks all the infidels!
Guys, don't panic, but RKT is green. You're welcome put holders.
XLE 39.5 EOD
WSFS if you dont hate great stocks with low P/E
Down 2.3K, will make it back yoloing on a $SPY dip
ZS ZS ZS ZS ZS ZS ZS OTM CALLSSSS
Whats up with SPLK? Buy calls on this crash?
Who doubted my cruise line play
Bezos lets fucking go these weeklies wont print themselves
When is mrvl earnings?
$SBUX calls bois for free money
I fucking hate amd
Okay plug do your thang
LAZR dipping hard. Gonna drill or rebound?
 JinkoSolar appears to be 'stealing' from U.S. investors, says GLJ Research
I kind of wanted the $16.50c on GME I sold to go ITM and get assigned to be honest
95% sure the only people still buying are right here in this thread
Go for Havn Life Sciences. Underrated asf and will explode in a few days
Oil  

SPCE  
Bruh where all the volume at?
CRWD up 15% and no one is talking about that
Why is CLF fuk today?
Your hero CRSR call holders https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k57d6a/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_02_2020/geekgup?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
Bob LAZER take me to the 
Spce just put me in the green contract expires tomorrow too. Lucckkkkyyyyy
Come on stock market! Move!
Terrible volume
C.IIC
Last call for KR before it rebounds
Did anyone see the news that nancy and the gang is open to a no direct check stimulus? I would imagine that's not great because it's less consumer spending oriented.
OKTA, ZS, CRWD...that was the play! Fuck that PLTR bullshit
finally weening myself off the weeklys and i have never slept better
Yo retards all IN to CINE . UK. Why ? GOOD news with vacines, opened cinemas in UK and US and we just broke 0.7 breakpoint if its gonna just go back to value as before corona you can make 600% trust me dudes rides this wave.
SPX looks like it is clinging on for dear life....
That spy wedge was beautiful
Go BLNK Go!
ARLO get in losers we are going shopping
Bought 12/11 $26 PLTR calls yesterday purely on a hunch that it would bounce after such a down day. Sold at open for small profit. Sometimes even 'tards get paid
My hopes and dreams rest solely on BA/TSLA weeklies
Picked up some BA Jan calls this morning
Return of the Meme
tdoc
Does AMZN usually act like this all day?
Anyone know where I put Bofa?
BILI pumping
GME is a graveyard
FRPG to the moon!
Whats good to invest into
Sell MU or wait it out, 12/31 $75
ESTC was the play today boys, not surprised.
[deleted]
Meredith on the move.
Fuck im terrible with money. Kill me now everything i touch turns red
SBUX BREAKS 100
Damn, some MM fuckers are really after aunt JMIA this morning. 3 backtoback failed attempts at dumping it after open so far lol.  won't fall!
Yeah when i play puts on bloody thursdays it turns into green thursdays. Im gonna ply calls for monday and it will prob be red
VIX creepin w spy
Feels good to be going up today damn
Kroger leaps so cheap.
I love the US - right now I want to trade Greggs Festive Bakes for Philly Cheese steaks - its not a fair trade but you boys have not experienced the festive bake and I dont think you can- its dirty but good!
I feel the euphoria coursing through me 
WTF what happened to MSFT?
SPX goes up a point for every COVID death. SPX 3700 today
Chadsdaq 13000 next stop baby
SNOW TO THE MOUNTAIN TOP 
SBUX, all time high. Get on the train boys!!
Why are GLPI calls so cheap?
FB dip 
Lol SPY just sparta kicked through 367
Come on apha
AAL ripping
Are we holding until tomorrow?! Tell me what to do!!
Why is walmart dying today?

Thoughts?
Airlines soaking up all the $ rn
CHADAQ back on easy mode?
Anyone looking at CLDR? Earnings out today and theyve beat earnings and revenue projections several quarters recently. Currently at $11.35 and a lot of calls being purchased in the $12 and $12.50 range.
NIO is testing meh
Whats special about LAZR?
do i paper hands out of this NIO 12/11 46c?
Can SPOT just die already wtf is this thing doing
1.1 mil sell wall at 25!
We all hopping on QQQJ or no?
oh yeah just like that baby don't stop
Just dumped my $235 BA options i bought month ago for 5K this morning.  Going back in if it closes above $237 today, rip bitch rip
AAL short squeeze!
UGHHH PLTR COME ON BABY
If only $ozon did options
My Amazon weekly was the move
pltr dead now games over it was fun
Ok twilio I see u
Bought a call with money from a credit spread im so bullish
Anyone playing ZM for a day trade pop?
MGNI 
market is a fukin greedy beast
Anyone buying LAZR dip
[deleted]
Now that CVS is back above 70 I'm expecting Tesla Pharmacy to be announced.
Got 2 AMZN FD $3300c for $400 per contract on that dip. Lets go! Plz
my CHWY call holders what strike and exp and are you holding through earnings?
LAZR BTFD
Is BA gonna hold this rally or what? Im holding 12/31 calls
Hello MSFT. Welcome to the party.
Fuck ya ba
Any play ideas?
does nio have a scheduled moon today
Calls and puts going up at the same time, win-win!
Here comes 25
RIP for those who dumped Chyna stonks yesterday 
QCOM and FDX saving my portfolio from AMD. Knew I bought the top yesterday
BA is going to 300 by the end of next quarter. Certainly gonna be 150+ EOY. Just look at the 737 news in the last 24-48 hours. They're incentivizing airlines committing to more 737 orders right now in the middle of the pandemic. The airlines have a solid chance of staying solvent so they have every incentive to committing now when they can get the best deal. The positive news will keep pushing the stock up. This is a great plane.
GO VALE
GO VALE
MSOS quietly launching into space. We are so high already we dont need a spaceship. 
PLUG the only thing keeping my portfolio an inch from death
Who shorted my cintas #3 play lolll
Now you pay up
tesler with tha fade
Anyone buying nip dip?
I just traded my trusty Tesla shares for Air Canada. Feel free to laugh or contemplate my genius.
Amzn going to moon yet?
Rotation from NIO to PLTR again
Aye tsla, wrong direction bud
Is there any point in holding NIO shares now or just sell?
Averaged down at the bottom, dont wanna see this go tits up for the next 10 years
Thank u whoever commented about NET yesterday, almost missed that one.
Nkla puts 
ICLN SQ CHWY 
Idc too much about trophies but Im doing NG+ on Spider-Man (2018) just to finish it off and of course its fun as fuck.
Need a green Elon dildo today that has a nice Fuck Mike Burry flag on it.
Right at 30k. Were gonna bounce off it all day.
KR 32c 12/18 just went +15% yeah baby bring on those melons and steaks
Grabbed some cheap calls on COST dip 
How many Bang energy drinks per day is unhealthy? Im good if I keep it under 4 on average right?
Rh 1 week down 150 I think I can make that back 1 month its 2000 were gonna dig our way out boys one day
YOLO 12/4 25c?
Stocks go UP UP UP never down baby - my calls are printing like fuck :)
and there goes shopify. SHOP. tried to tell yall. SMH
Thanks to the person who said buy NNDM
im done trading for a while blew up my acc like a cuck.... now opened CSPs on PLTR and once IV dies will buy LEAPS
this rally might bring my weekly losses out of the thousands!
BLNK to $30 
HA FUK DE BERS
Well at least it touched 25
Fighting for 25
Someone please explain to me why starbucks is continuing to go up in a global pandemic where in person sales are shuttered. If someone can give a good enough explanation as to why without using the fed bankrolling, china demand (chinese people are poor and don't drink coffee), and people in the drive through i'll give you gold.

Thanks.
NVAX prepped for liftoff 
I think Ill get CVS calls or call spreads.. what do you guys think?
MOO calls all day
Holy fucking $25 resistance that was nuts
Rocket to the MOOn
Wrong way CRM :(
Why is vix going up with spy?
wrong way CRM!!
CRWD +15%, guys, just follow the Fauci, err, Pelosi
LSPD LETS GO + 100%  since september.
LETS GO ICLNN
Alright xpev youve got your daily dump out of the way come on back now
NNDM to the moon
TSLA eod predictions?
 gang
KR consolidating for the next leg up 
Why the fuck cant I ever close my goddamn fuckin stupid debit spreads
If you had ADBE ITM calls which are up 100%, would you sell today or hold till earnings day and sell before earnings? Does it go up further for the earnings? 
RISE UP RISE UP MGNI 
MIK getting squeezed. Shorts trapped
the amount of money someone just spent to get CRW over 165 is wild
AAL mooning
WMT, please bounce
Whats the deal with Thick B?  


Didnt the merger get delayed, and now it's questionable whether it'll go ahead?
Just closed out my ADBE spreads for 300% and I think I'm gonna sit on my hands for a bit. Everything is at ath and gains have been a bit too easy for awhile.
Lol okay BB I still dont trust your bitch ass but okay youre caught my attention
Wasnt the GME squeeze suppose to happen today?
So many (myself included) not gonna learn their lesson again this time around by holding PLTR too long
Guys I expect today to have good memes, we are long overdue, make wsb great again
Dow breakout?
FASTER GME YES
eyes on vix boys
Imagine not having bought the dip on a stonk that is manipulated to give big money a chance to hop on the moon rocket
Eggplant emojis everywhere!
I figured there might be some sorta bounce today, but god damn
So much easier to pump w no volume
My brain would have been SO LARGE if I had bought these calls yesterday instead of Friday

Edit: and my portfolio and my penis. All would have been big asf.
su bae, i love you
Apple about to run better get that dip
Spy new ATH

My account new ATH, thank you BA boomer stock
Look low low the volume on spy is....
Is SHOP going to pull a SPOT like yesterday? 

Tune in. Break 1125ish is go time. And 1145 is moon time.
How should we be playing the air bnb IPO? Long in shares?
One word.... weed
Stonks go up, all u need to know
I just wanna buy the dip but there's no dips.

Getting desperate, thinking of buying CRM and (more) BABA.

smh
I was not expecting a green spy today, is just gonna keep inching up
CRSR go above 36. Thank you
Get your 370c while theyre still OTM
Puts on tesla
Can someone let me in on what is going on with the GME short squeeze? is that done and over?
VIX only goes up
Here's a freebie: $AZEK just beat earnings and has provided bullish forward guidance today.  Wait until mid-Dec to buy, because lockout period for insiders to sell ends on 12/9.  The price may dip with a potential 77 million shares hitting the market, but the company is profitable and sales are growing. It has solid financials and sells a good product. It could get close to $TREX in terms of value.
What happened with SNOW?  Post massive losses and stock takes off???
Yea but VXX is also mooning
Anyone interested in XL fleet?
Anyone else in $SHOP?
Worlds fucked, SPY ATH LETS GOOO
VXX is green 
CMPS to the MOON. Another Peter Thiel company, except its only 1.8B mkt cap.

Get in now before we take off
Where should I get in right now
ZS hitting $200 today
Lmaaaaoooo TWLO, you just cant keep it down!! The stock with the most insane strength!
NEW ATH EVERY WEEK. LET THE POOR STAY POOR.  RICH GET RICHER
PLTR saved me from losing it all on GME
Unity gets a downgrade and then is like Whats that?
DKNG 
TSLA doing the old Goldman shit shuffle
i feel like i should have been doing qqq calls this whole time
COST getting dumped after the special dividend, how many legs down? 3?
Run baby run
Why bother hedging
Is it really a bubble, when cloud stocks are the only ones that are able to growth +50% and smash earnings estimates quarter after quarter?
Are they voting weed today?
Pulling out the coupe out the lot tell em fucc 12 fucc swat! Yea !
Whats the news with thicc boii?
SPY is on one today
AMAT and LRCX....yes. Way more upside.
WEED VOTES TODAY???
AER is an underrated airline recovery play.  Up 53% for me over 30 days
dang it ZM join the NASDAQ party will ya
Lol rip the dollar.
wtf happened to SNOW
ATH
I need amazon to break 3230 to breakeven at this point and I dont think thats possible
Its crazy I bought pltr calls last Friday and slowly destroyed my account lost 5 k and have 800 left. 

Those same calls would be nearly worthless right now but I would have more than 800 with todays movement. 

 
SPY TO $400 EOY
Have 18 contracts for vale, kinda regret not buying another 18 on that healthy dip yesterday smh
worth dumping a heavy amount into 1/15 ACB 12c's to play the inauguration?
UVXY green! VIX red, Spy ATH

Its gonna bite somebody.
NKLA $17 EOD
Why isnt L.C.A mooning yet
Who knows about weed stocks for today
Lfma
BLNK, you're worth $30. Don't let people tell you otherwise!
[deleted]
lmfao
CAN SOMEBODY TELL ME WHEN THE WEED VOTES ARE
But $PLTR trust me its going up dont listen to boomer bears
BB Mooning!!!
SHOP 1111.11
In NNDM from yesterday @ 6.21, riding to the moon
Anyone important speaking today?
I really though tesla was gonna break 600 today
AMD power
Strange Days

Am in the green on spy calls *and* vix
THE RETURN
Go AMD go... Might make some $$ back damn
Uh oh AAL forgot how to land
Hoping 368 goes faster than 367 did
373 EOW. Get those 370c while theyre cheap.
What a start to the day. I hope I can hold these 5 digit gains please. Make up for Mon-Weds.
Hope yall got into UAL 
OZON BLASTOFF
Someone describe the market today in 1 word I havent checked anything
What else benefits from the vaccine besides airlines, cruises and movie theaters?
CROX  
Question for you guys.. if you missed that entry point and the price keeps going up. Would you try and jump in on it incase it goes higher or wait it out and set another entry point?
You wanna see a moonshot for check out my bae CCL 
***After all time high spike from SPOT yesterday, followed by a opening with pathetic volume wtfffffffffffffffffffffffffff***
PLTR was so obvious but my dumbass got PDT restricted so I cant play any more.  How am I going to burn cash now?
quick, get in the OG MU 90c meme
Oh so we bust through 367 but now 368 is the ceiling
Shake dat ass for me Shopify!
Man Spotify is having itself a week
DXCM running up
what time is the weed MORE vote tmrw
Do you guys ever sell positions in your ira or do you just buy and hold?
Vxx is so cute trying to climb
Planning to change from fidelity to new trading platform. Any suggestions?
uhoh PLTR coming back to earth!
Any earnings plays today worth throwing a few hundred bucks at?
Another wave of McD layoffs! When will it stop?!
Everyone was like PLTR POOTS, CALLS ARE BIG GHEY

Meanwhile I straddled options and feel pretty smart for once
We really might see SPY $400 by EOY lol
Why NIO tanking?
If you didnt buy the dip on SWBI this morning then you should atleast get in before end of day for earnings.
10:30 drop time again unfortunately
SLYV $$$
Becky Quick or Sara Eisen?
Kill the dollar. It's about all we have going for us at this point.
Wtf PLUG
PTON looks like its in trouble
Morning selloff
DXCM DD - [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic\_due\_diligence\_on\_dexcom\_inc\_dxcm\_and\_why/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic_due_diligence_on_dexcom_inc_dxcm_and_why/)
NAQ not being gay today 
Ah well I happen to think red suits my portfolio color pallete better than green anyways..
DKNG always giving me heart attacks in the morning
Wtf LC-A
anyone playing CHWY earnings?
What do you thinks bout cvs?
Whatever happened to Snowflake? That was a short lived meme stock
My mind's tellin' me no, but my body, my body's tellin' me to hedge with SPY FD puts
MRVL 12/4 50c lottos
GLPI actually has decent plays for like 20 bucks for so. (Calls and stuff).
Does nio end the day flat? Maybe a quick trade in there nah
Hell yeah GE on the rise after the latest Boeing 747 Max sale news. It may be a boomer stock but they are definitely primed for a comeback.
Why are squirrel calls so weird
Are the shit-eaters back?!
ESRT upgraded to outperform with price target of $14. Currently sitting at 9.65. Calls are nice and cheap.
WBA
Why shouldnt I be shorting baba right about now with trump likely to sign the bill imposing audits on chinese companies? Same goes for nio.
Amd 100 calls expiring next week!
FIRE:CA is about to take off 
Mr stark , I dont feel so good
SAN calls are printing today. 
XLE to da 
Spy ripping
SHW bottomed out after media backlash over firing employee for mixing paint on Tick Tock. Down 30 from Tues open.
Dammit hon dipo isnt going back up
MAC mooning.. been telling y'all about Mall REITS

get in on a few hundo shares broskies
CRWD bout to hit $200 by end of next week
Hey SPY? You good bro?
what to buy?
DXCM DD - [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic\_due\_diligence\_on\_dexcom\_inc\_dxcm\_and\_why/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic_due_diligence_on_dexcom_inc_dxcm_and_why/)
9:30. Still cash gang
Tesla can suck my fucking dick
Lets not discuss what I sold my March JETS 23Cs for
Might buy some JETS..
Everi to the moon
My american airlines shares moving up. Scared to get more
Puts on MACK
Holy shit, that's been the 4th attempt to dump JMIA so far and it's only 10:30... Check its graph. Some fuckers out there REALLY want auntie JMIA dead today but just couldn't make it happen
Any companies to look out for?
investors arent retarded?


then why does the market have retard strength?


checkmate
24 more mins
About to break 368!

Alexa, play Knockin on Heaven's Door
is the mcrib even good??
It's time to buy some taylorSFT stuff
eTrade keeps cucking me with lag
What are your vaccine plays?
Bought ZS puts
really tempted to put my life's savings into nio because that shit is definitely going back up
Any March MGM share holder gays in the Hizz
VIX on the move
What were the important dates for Tuscan again? I thought today was one?

When/where are we expecting news?
Well at least lazr will give me a handjob in the meanwhile
What are people's thought on cannabis stocks given the vote tomorrow?
LIZI to the moon
I just want to sell my PTON calls for 10% profit. It gets up 8% and plummets every time 
FORCED BUYING
did a synthetic covered call on ttwo. did it with a leap with a delta of 90. But with the wide spread I probably closed it closer to 80 but profit is profit I guess...
day is flat af
SQ target price increase again
If this isnt the bottom for Kroger for the day Im going to be a sad man
Thoughts on 5/21 $25c on MYGN?
BLNK, don't flirt, just go to $30
I want to get in spy right now but the 1d chart looks retarded. Either pumpint hard or dumping hard here
Splunk !! I wish I was part of it!! 
Copper. Buy.
LYFT looking good right now. Been doing short dips then spikes all week.
SBUX business is roasted with urban cores breaking down and fewer commuters. Yet blasting through ATH 
Is the 100b+ amzn is about to make in this quarter priced in?
Anyone know when the ROBINHOOD IPO is out?
So VISa gonna breakout or what?
AAPL 130 12/11 AM I SCREWED?
Plays on BA? A lot of good news on the Max right now.
You guys sleeping on snow
Any earnings to play today?
NSCO $5P 4/21
Sold 1/3 of my LGVW position at $14.00 yesterday. 

Keep going baby
Sell JWN and average down on CRSR, or keep JWN?
By the Powers (In) Vested in me, I Summon YOU, NKLA Short Sellers.............RELEASE THE SHORTS
Finally! $INTC turning positive after bottoming. Time for an analyst upgrade.
How accurate are doctors with identifying the age of a fetus? A girl i banged is supposedly 14 weeks pregnant and I had sex with her about 16 weeks ago. Chance it could be mine?
Thoughts on Nano Dimension?
I added some random lines on the entire Rocket RKT [stock chart](https://imgur.com/a/9gwyJPn). I have never done anything like this before, but this means I'm a professional financial security analysis technician right? Or something like that.
Lost everything but 100 dollars. I need a yolo. Save me WSB
Why are airlines pumping? Isn't air travel still gonna take a while to recover?
Stank Market amirite
Wait did WORK already report? Did it change?
$ZS $190 EOD
Call ERIC!!
How long to hold NNDM? Long term or pump and dump?
Is it possible to auto refresh new comments? oin this thread
Trying to fade ZS w a yolo might not have been the best decision.
tsla 620 EOW
Get in on ICAGY before its too take. Airline shares that are still historically low compared to pre pandemic.
Which airline do I buy calls on?
is NGA gonna moon after merger?
Cmon get up to 368 ya beautiful bastard
Is it a dead cat bounce on PLTR or is the trend still to the upside?
TLT dipping DXY murdered VIX dropping

Today is a  day sorry friends
swbi is down right, but when ER comes after hours you're gonna wish you got in.
Wooowee. Okta my friend, always getting me rock hard
fuck off GME.. fuck right off with that short squeeze bs.. the number of times i have got burnt playing GME is ridiculous
Imagine being the clown that panic sold SNOW AH yesterday
This Euro broke fucker is coming NYC for free! Thanks to Trump & his money team...might even have some dollars left for a WSB bash in Vegas baby...ringside    CCL 2 
I swear to fucking God TLRY stop playing with my emotions
Goldman y u like this ?[https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst+Comments/UPDATE%3A+Goldman+Sachs+Upgrades+Tesla+%28TSLA%29+to+Buy%2C+PT+to+%24780+on+Improved+LT+Sales+Outlook+and+Margin+Expansion/17675872.html](https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst+Comments/UPDATE%3A+Goldman+Sachs+Upgrades+Tesla+%28TSLA%29+to+Buy%2C+PT+to+%24780+on+Improved+LT+Sales+Outlook+and+Margin+Expansion/17675872.html)
Transat?  
Transat.  
Transat!  


Book your trip to the Moon, today with Transat!  
$TRZ
Get in on DXCM $350 EOW, $370 EOY
ARLO 
Ugh, FB is bleeding all over me and so is HD
CHWY calls paying off
Man $VZ options were such a lame move
Why can I never hold weeklies for longer than 20 mins... I would be up so much on BA
"Who needs to eat 3 meals a day anyways" said the bear as he buys yet another SPY put
And there goes weed stocks
I got my mind made up. I'm gonna buy that ZM dip at the bottom. Wish me luck
Nasdaq taking a dumpee, mid day tech rotation into planes
SE is like the chaotic good of stocks. It prints on a long-term scale but swings like a penny stock and youll feel every dip along the way.
Amzn with the limp dick, once again.
Fuck Amazon but Starbucks is steadily going up
I had like $4k sitting in a random after tax account I wasnt using so I decided to just buy some spy leaps and let them sit just to see what happened.

That account is currently blowing my main account out of the water in terms of %gain and I use maybe 1% of the mental resources I use on my main account.

Unless you truly enjoy stressing out constantly and taking years off your life just to make less money, ETF leaps are the way to go people.
Whats next SNOW Or LAZR im bored and need something to do while shitting
WDR mooning what the hell is that
Hold or dump 12/31 FB 300c?
# overleveraged in boeing
Cost put yesterday was the play
Wish Boeing gave employees stock :/
I have 50$ left what to invest into ?
KR buddy. I see you
NKLA put positions?
ZS $190 EOD IDK HOW MANY TIMES I GOTTA TELL YALL
whats the latetst with opec meeting. wanna buy some bp
**RAD** gonna hit $15 today?
xrx sleeper play?
MDLA earnings today!!
CRISPR up 50% this past month. Praise Be
CHWY and SQ calls here?
How much more do we think Boeing is gonna go up?
Going short the canadian loonie loll
Overvalued as economy is shhhttt hole with their fool pm
i sold my lazr warrants for 4.70...... this shit could be worth so much in the future
Buy DIS, vaccine news/stim, and DIS+ guidance next week at 12/10!!
My 12/11 tsla 590s still okay or should I sell if we hit $600
We talkin theta today
CCL printing that big money baybayyy


Days like today are why I joined theta gang
BA taking flight like a new, rejiggered 737 Max. LEEETS FUUCKING GOOO^OO^OOOOOO^OOOO^OOOO
$EXAS $150c 1/15 $3.55/contract
JNUG what's wrong bb??
This is our gateway to rocket higher

[Already bounced off of it multiple times this year](https://i.redd.it/jr38mzzvuz261.png)
Good target for 1/21/22 qqq leaps?
FDX bb...vaccine and e-commerce are priced in...the rates that shippers (especially manufacturers because they lost their volume discounts during Covid) are paying for space on airplanes is definitely not 
Watch the double bottom on amd.
Hodling some TWTR 3/19/21 50c .. should I stay or should I go?
Also, look at the big donks on MIK. Wasn't this a Burry pick too at one point?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/12/03/palantir-bulls-should-take-latest-sell-off-as-a-gift-trader-says.html
Lmfa
im really considering some 1/15/21 DG 220c... anyone else thinking of a poverty play?
why does vix and spy have the same chart today
Damn miss zs
Probs rotation out of tech 
Oh bezos u fucking bitch
Baba pls go back up
i just shorted the dollar... bottom is in?
Who got in on the zscaler 28% pump you lucky bastard
anyone see SBUX at ATH ?  we broke $100 baby !
When will CRSR wake up?
10% down by 12/11.

Lets shut down this government!!!
Cant understand why PFE is sinking
BABA news or what why the fuck is it tanking?
Puts on docu?
Took profit on ESTC FD's at open like a dumb cunt but pigs get slaughtered etc etc 

ESTC ITM leaps still in play with loose stop loss, expecting rise to 150+ ESTC over next day/month -ESTC remains is grossly undervalued compared to absolute shit competitors like PLTR and SNOW
lol zoom aint going down without a fight. i think I'll sell my puts before i cuck myself.
we need to blow the top off this bad boy!! lets GO
volume slowly creeping up on nio...take from that what you will since this one feels unpredictable with its IV.
Are Blackberry leaps still free money? And by leaps I mean 30 days from now
Hypothetically speaking...If I just blew up my account, will the great reset help me or nah?
I hope the government shuts down until January 21st.
CRISPR Therapeutics and Vertex to Host Investor Webcast to Review Data Presented at the 62nd American Society of Hematology Annual (ASH) Meeting and Exposition for Investigational CRISPR/Cas9 Gene-Editing Therapy CTX001 in Sickle Cell Disease and Beta Thalassemia

Hopefully get a little pump
RIOT
Get in on Tyson before you miss out
NNOX demo in 30! Get in!
You guys think crm will rally back by 12/11?
Try shorting ba at the hod 236 before 4 minutes it makes 239
12/11 AMD 100c x5
Set a limit to buy more GME at 15.90, wonder if it fills today
NIO back on the menu boys
Feeling volatile today. 

VIX $20c 12/16
[Russia and Saudi Arabia in agreement on current oil production compromise](https://twitter.com/amena__bakr/status/1334523143382294529?s=21)
my boy larry fink told me if you're not long, you don't like reward
I'd like to thank you all for shopping at Michaels so much last quarter!
Anybody have thoughts on MOON? 
BA on rocket mission
AMD closer to support level than green. If that breaks I'm getting angry drunk immediately
Can't believe I'm finally winning big with this BA boomer shit again
if vaccine fda approved by mid december, will not be surprised if CCL rockets to $30 by EOY

It's still down almost 60% ytd
If AAPL dips, you dip, we dip. 

Needs to hold $120.
Id5 conference still going on, MGNI and TTD will be the last parts of the call.
I was looking at barchart.com yesterday and almost made a move on AAL.  Shit
Just unloaded the clip on SPCE $30C 12/18

Pray for me
Anyone playing Marvell earnings ?
Wow megacap tech straight up kicking me in the balls REPEATEDLY today someone make it stop 
Which one of you retards said that RR was ready for a lil pumping. Thx
QQQ going to 303 fast. VWAP
WOOOO!!!!! Let's keep beating the shit out of SPY today boys! Bears gunna be loaded by end of day. SPY 12/4 366P. We got this!
Boeing 
What is the  doing? Did they vote on the extension or not?
[deleted]
Amzn 3260 12/18 hold or sell this thing sucks down -1k on it
KOCHLAND
Anyone else by SQQQ at the bottom?
I cant watch FB and apple anymore 
CCL slowly making another leg up on the quite is how you know its big money.
God fucking stop please
Smh
How the FUCK is Snowflake up 13%.
Damn Im killing it today. Better take profits and cool off a few days
Tech100 in red
Fucking FB man.
Since average estimate for BA is $200, can't wait for someone to upgrade them since they're now at $240, and they'll proceed to rocket from that upgrade.
I guess APHA just gonna stay here until tmrw if house passes bill or not lol
Damn what happened? Lol
Why the fuck didnt I buy COST puts, it was so obvious it was going to drop after the special dividend
It's just bouncing off 30k
damn wtf was that?
Time to abandon ship on FB
how much is BA gonna rocket?
I really hope you all bought these acb dips
PEIX seems ready to become a meme stock once again
My MU calls have been a freight train this week. Slow and steady.
Hold !!! It bouncing off 30k buy the dip
DXCM $100 below its avg price target, get in on this dip!
Give me back my gains dammit
SPY 370 
Boys. Join riot gang
Dip, baby, dip
ruh roh
Felt the trading urge and just jumped in with some new positions. 

JMIA January 30c. Offering price was above $30, so thats the floor for now it looks like. Could see a nice squeeze to $50 this month. CNBC and boomers love this stock for some reason. AMaZoN oF AfRiCa! Whatever, low cap right now and Ill ride it up with the boomers. Room to run further here I think. 

AMD January 95c. Selling pressure last two days, but good prospects on the horizon. Lots of OI at $100c. Stock has been stagnant for a while, but lets make it a WSB meme again like the good ol days.

PLUG March 25c. Green energy coming back after January. Look at the 6 month chart on this thing. Nice consolidation at this level. Could see a run to $35+.
This is buy the dip day you idiots so the big fucks can get in before the stimi news
GME ded wtf
Sbux 98.5 p 12/18
Don't let the shorts win....grab up some GME!
Wtf AMD
BID:600B  
ASK:900B  

Who the fuck us EVK?
BA gunning for a 100% pump off Oct 23 lows
One more dump on apple and fb and Im fucking out man
Algos shaking out weak hands or we done here?
mom can u pick me up from school? im scared
No one is talking about FSR , this scares me. It has enough meme potential for us to shoot the price up to the 30s like PLTR. A quick search on YouTube and Im all in
Spy needs to declare bankruptcy
15.80 key support for GME. That breaks and we fall
It's just gonna bounce off the vwap
Oh, it doesnt show signs of stopping. Let it $SNOW 

Up 13%, baby. This shitty company has legs

PG dip sauce--winter is messy and new lockdowns after stimmy news will make this head up.
I think we broke VIX
US States to file Antitrust lawsuit against Facebook next week.

I will start sweating when DOJ gets involved
Ah, it must be Thursday
[deleted]
Fuck this rotation shit.
The real michael blurry play was viac
Alexa play kernkraft 400
$CVS. thats a good covid stock there
Officially 10k deep into F U S E

Plz don't fail me
S R A C printing today. Ez money
Any good plays today? they all look like shit
good fb entry
Someone tell wallstreet oil is stable now so I can make some money today.
Ccl 
3670 becomes support 

We goin higher and then 3000 next year
Best index to play now is $DIA. Year end rotation from overbought $QQQ and $SPY.
Bought some cheap AAPL 12/18Cs
Ive got my whole life savings in BA 250c 12/11 and 12/18 with some BA shares on top. Should I be stressing?
Fuck you PFE you little bitch, you literally made a COVID vaccine why are you -0.5
many were fuked just now
spy's sitting on the toilet waiting for gravity to take over
If I had to pick one, calls on AAPL or AMD?
When the dust settles CRM will explode. Buy that fucking dip.
What if were just at the tail end of covid stock drama and volatility dries up and options bleed decay as no move happens either way on spy
Anyone got a pltr technical read?
RSI and MACD on GME says buy calls now
The bane of my existence...motherfucking RKT.
When a call I sell expires does robinhood update my average cost?
ZM go to 450.
[https://www.cbc.ca/radio/thecurrent/the-current-for-dec-3-2020-1.5825717/canada-could-approve-covid-19-vaccine-in-week-to-10-days-says-health-canada-senior-adviser-1.5826508](https://www.cbc.ca/radio/thecurrent/the-current-for-dec-3-2020-1.5825717/canada-could-approve-covid-19-vaccine-in-week-to-10-days-says-health-canada-senior-adviser-1.5826508)

PFE Jan21 calls, guys.
When do we think the next big NKLA gap down is?
VBIV is the new yolo
$RIDE is pumping
Buy
Cdak
should i drop CRM calls for WFC?
I suck today
Whats the best 01/2022 leaps you can think of?
Fucking DOCU couldn't do this yesterday when I was holding huh
[deleted]
So when do I sell my Snow call? 325C dec 4 .
Anyone wanna explain to me why the Nasdaq is up
/NG sucks /NG sucks /NG SUCKS.  Fucking sack of shit can't even sustain a small bounce for 30 minutes.
is Boeing stock the new savings account/job for Americans?
ARKG never letting me down
BALY thank god I love u
if a stock goes down but the call goes up that generally means people are bullish ya?
Take a look at the option chain for GME. 

OI has swung more to the upside for JAN 15 and further out expiries
Is SPY scurred on 368??
three words 


two mythical creatures 


adam and eve
gme predictions on monday?
Dont sleep on DKNG
buy the dip
LGND 100c 12/18
Is now a good time to get spy puts
Sabr
Whats happening to splunk. Damn those dips. Good time to load up?
[deleted]
Whats nio gonna do
CRSR go to 36 so I know its real
REV is the new GME
is EA a boring boomer stock or does it hit the vibe?
APHA 9C 12/4 OTM. What are my chances?

 I'm holding regardless but damn.
This next hr should go up
Short snow!!!!!
Which ever one of you retards mentioned riot yesterday .  Thank you guy !!
UPS at $169.69? I can dig that
Stamps stamps stamps .com
Oh no, my ZM puts
SARB babyyy
Give me a crm leap play I can buy today and sell on Monday? I dont mind the 20% gain
BP!!
are we in the new paradigm now? is SPY undervalued til we hit 400?
is $122  officially support now for AAPL?
MY BA 12/18 267 and 278 AINT LOOKIJG TOO BAD ANYMORE
Wrong way $SHOP
123c 12/4 OTM am I holding?
I will always believe in you hcuck. Take me to the moon
4 days flat TSLA is WEIRD
watching todays gains slowly fade...guh
Unusual activity for DKNG

49P 12/31. Is there something no one else knows?
Fuckin Yikes.

Bosch sold 4m shares of NKLA on Tuesday 12/1

https://www.barrons.com/articles/nikola-fuel-cell-supplier-bosch-sells-stock-as-lockup-ends-51606999860

which was the day after it dropped from like 30-> 22-> 19 in 3 days... sucks to see that wealth vanish. 4m shares is a lot.

$44m of value gone just like that
[https://ir.aurismedical.com/news-releases/news-release-details/auris-medical-holding-ltd-prices-8000000-common-shares-offering](https://ir.aurismedical.com/news-releases/news-release-details/auris-medical-holding-ltd-prices-8000000-common-shares-offering)
Im so bored
I tried very hard to tell everyone about docusign this morning and last night. I think they'll kill the quarter too
DOCU drop off EOD before earnings?
cmon NIO, do something, anything lmao. shouldn't it be 50 by now.. the morning dip is over FUCKING DO SOMETHING
What's it gonna take Tesla to break 600? Feel like we pinned to around 580
UAA 17c 1/8 with nice volume
DOCU HELP 12/11 CALLS OR PUTS? THIS WILL BE MY LAST EARNINGS PLAY OF THE YEAR.
Tesla getting ready to 
LETS GO DOCU CHANNNNN
What is SNOW DOING BRO
Any predictions for AAPL EOW?
On balance volume crossover for the 1st time today. Buy TSLA here.
Hope my AAPL bros had  s through the dip
GO APPLE GO!!! $125+ EOD
Be pretty cool if they gave PSTH a shot at 30, see if it can hang with the other MEMEs
Covid cruises in 2029 on the menu.
Anyone know anything about LSPD?
Who else jumping of PFE?
SQ either about to run or drop hard
ZS fucking mooning
SBUX ATH Never doubt BECKY and her Praline Chestnut LAtte
Can we pls break 20k already. Riot to the fucking moon
Dexcom DD = [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic\_due\_diligence\_on\_dexcom\_inc\_dxcm\_and\_why/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic_due_diligence_on_dexcom_inc_dxcm_and_why/)
Calls on Consumer Discretionary
$QSC (neo exchange)
i got 7k what i do?
Retard strength
Two firms call SQ a $300 stock now! 
CCL needs puts right?
Bonds slowly rising, smart money preparing for potential downside soon
Shorts squeezing the squeezers? Lol
Puts are so cheap
So many sad faces today that got fooled yesterday.
Who's the idiot that downgrades Disc Chan the day after they announce stream starts Jan 21.   THis is nothing but revenue inflow.   I priced it at 28.30 last week.   Not sure if we have a launch point or priced in now.
Any DD on DKNG?
PAMP IT AGAIN
Is there any legitimate event that could drop the market anymore?
Told ya yesterday red shit would be thanos snapped today lol.
[deleted]
I have misjudged every earnings play in the past few weeks and have lost a lot of $.

I feel like I should put the last of what I have into DocuSign earnings this afternoon. Dont even care.

Which should I do, calls or puts?
Imagine if they gave us a 5-10% pull back in the next 2 weeks so everyone knows to buy the dip and it powers us through spy 400
Id welcome a nice dip but honestly the charts and volume look pretty bullish. Kinda contrasting with DIX and fear/greed. Im not a TA nerd tho
AAL is gonna dip today. Just threw 2k on some puts that expire tomorrow. Its either gonna make me lose 2k or its gonna make me bands. Ez
$GDNP environmental friendly play for the future already starting to see potential hold for couple year has been growing revenue 50% per year and made a good acquisition on the 1st
Wtf is AAPL even doing like are you fucking drunk?
My HD and ICLN calls are doing poorly this week but next week I think Im going to collect! Luckily I bought the nio dip this morning and next week Ill collect on that bigly
CCL retardedly lurching to a 10% gain 
So glad I got into ARLO yesterday
ULTA 
Aight ZS shareholders start taking your profits please.
Spy gonna go upsies or downsies
$SONO about to bust
PSA: If you bought CRM calls expiring 12/31, the theta on them is brutal at this point. Roll them out.
Can CGC please moon to 35$?
Shopify = 
Stonk mighty stronk today
$CCL $UAL $JBLU GO BRRRRRRRR
anyone have the dates for previous CHWY earnings dates and how much the stock rose prior and after release?
Can we try for $600 again?
Bought FB $290c for Dec 18

Please dont kill me
Reminder that Fridays are bad for pltr
PINS save me from AMD pls
How are midday pump and dumps happening with mega stocks like shopify. Pretty crazy
what were previous CHWY earnings date and how much did the stock go up after
LIZI is a penny stock wet dream, god I wish I knew insider info
What is a good "dumb reach" stock to throw some money into, if I don't care about insane profits, but just want a safe grower?
Is nobody playing PFE ?
Am I retarded for buying penumbra puts?
CCL doing well today. My ATM Jan 22 leaps basically act like a 2x on the stock price. Price is up 10% today, Im up 21%. If I had gone with OTM ones I wouldve paid a smaller premium so my return would be higher. I wonder if OTMs also move more in response to changes in the underlying, for example if they had been far OTM would it be 3x the change in stock price?
APHA $9 call 12/18 am I gonna make money?
Wow INTC just quietly grinding up

Sad I didn't buy back in after the earnings dump. Good long term stock to hold IMO
CCL to the moon
Anyone buying cheap DOCU puts for earnings?
Wtf SHOP
ADT 2/19 $10c... thank me later
Who bought into SPLK today?
OPEX oil cuts will signal more economic contraction. With a lack of comprehensive stimulus in January. The world will bear the full brunt of a recession for 2021
Pic 
DAL calls printing 
I swear RH just pushes notifications that are moving opposite of my positions 
TSM dropping under 100..should test 95 again
Damn sold my airline calls a bit to early
Just picked up a bunch of NNOX 70C and stock at $52. XMAS come early for me.
COMPASS

GANG
Bought this Hive with a bowl of soup last year, who knew?
What the fuck is going on with spy
I dont see how we can keep going up at this point. Too much bad news and the volume is just gonna get lower and lower.  Unless JPOW decides to BRRRRR
Thanks to the ARLO guy!
What are y'all opinions on LAZR? Is it actually a good buy?
SABR tendies incoming. Great way to play the vaccine without going directly into airlines. Small buy in, big potential for gains.
Anyone have thoughts on drafty kings for year end? Has already had a nice bounce off of its November lows. Still room to go before EOY or looking for a pull back?
Goddam I wish I could just make a post and move the markets. Life would be so  easy
if these travel stonks sell off then i think well see another bleeder
AMD and NVDA always linked by the ballsack
$gdrx 
aurora popping to 12 tomorrow, needs vlume, yall know what to do
bruh fuck it $SPY $400 2/19/21
Any gamble calls/puts?
Did the weed pass?
1000 yolo what's the move
Anyone think swbi is still gonna pop after earnings?
A hearty fu to the bastids who got the ZS pickup. I think this might have teeth - may go in for round 2.
Honestly was prepared to write off a $1400 loss this week on SNOW calls, crazy we are still going
AAPL vs red RAW
PINS puts here boys
OMFG DOCU, I didn't hold from yesterday F
Midday pump legooo
Anyone looking for a good yolo, BCS options and shares are dirt cheap. Dec/Jan calls. Will be $9 by next week.
DBX will be 23 by EOM calls are cheap
Made the whorse work for that one 
Got wrecked on spce calls this am.
Somebody give me something to FOMO into
Why oh why is salesforce trading sideways
Buy the AMZN dip. Green dildos inbound.
AAPL LETS GO
Yessir apple get back to 123. Need you to pass it this time tho...
keep pumpin $DISCA. I will see you on the moon
OTC stocks - anyone know a good sub for them?
CLDR... were going to beat earnings estimates. Get in!
SPY 369 let's get moving please
I BEEN TELLING YOU GUYS OIL AND AIRLINES 

UAL IS PRINTING ME MONEY BABY!!!! Woooooo!!!!!

Strike while the irons hot! 
McConnel said stimulus is close to agreement 
UAL 55-60 EOM!!!!!
Trying not to be bummed about selling my CRWD 155 calls two days ago, it's not working.
EWZ puts?
Ooo SNAP
oh SNAP
Look at snap go 

AAPL jan15  125c  $4.75
Moderna, deliver me to tendies
So did we just give up on BBY? lol
Any of you hoes decide to buy or sell at 6:25 just to see what happens?
CHWY earnings next week, ride it up boys
DXCM Just blew through $340s going to blow through $350, no resistance on this dip. DD here - [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic\_due\_diligence\_on\_dexcom\_inc\_dxcm\_and\_why/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic_due_diligence_on_dexcom_inc_dxcm_and_why/)
AMD!!!!
\*LPSN to the moon.   Just read the news for the valuation and stock buy option.   Hopefully it's not too late
JD 100 eoy
Man sue is straight pegging me without lube today.
AMD bottom is in
Anyone know how much BA 12/4 230c was at open yesterday?
SNAP going crazy
Anyone playing strangles for tomorrows job report?
APPS BABY
lol what is TheBearCave, a gay porn site?
SON breaking out
All in on SWBI 12/18 10p, whos with me
As a member of diamond hands gang I am very fucking happy to see green today
Is rkt actually going to break out a bit? Fuck me
Unity (U) 
If youre not in January $60 SNAP calls you hate money
NNOX might fly
Thoughts on AAL 45C 2022
Lmaaaooo I read some comments yesterday about shorting SNOW and SNOW puts 
we need to fuck up 590 boyos
Did NNOX experience a flash crash a short while ago?
Should I be buying Boeing daily?
whats going on with PXT?
Let's moon SABR
Auris Medical Holding Ltd. Prices $8,000,000 Common Shares Offering Priced At-the-Market
Tesla 600 eod?
Yall need to get in on this SBUX pump. $2 up in only 3 hours
Covid cancelled and we dont need Pfizer vaccine anymore?
Boomers with Boeing stonks and calls are eating well tonight.
DOCU please I can only get so horny
LAZR gang where you at 
ACB 12/4 12c leggo
BA will go to $250 by end of day. I have some debit spreads... 240B/250S
Docu getting bought up so much. I just need to time these puts lol
I thought stonks only go up
BA continues to rise tmr? bought call at open up 100% already hahaha
Any chance of xpev recovery today?
Theta gang, when you're looking to play IV crush do you prefer to sell contracts further out? Vega is higher, but IV is a bit lower as well. Not sure how the math works out.
SONO SONO SONO
why is lazr bugged out on tdam?
If you bought every pltr dip instead of puts you'd be a smart guy.
 

Bought V GAC 1500 @ 10.43 and F III 1000 @ 10.93

Not anymore cash gang, not anymore meme chaser, gonna hold those SPACS and see what they do this month, sorry meme gang
Ahhhh, back to the days of the holidays and the Cybertruck. If we only knew how much of a shitstorm the next 12 months would be.
How's our  looking like today?
Pltr fading   guhh
FUCK THE GME SHORT SQUEEZE. HOP ON THE AAL SHORT SQUEEZE
PLTR has peaked, downhill from here tbh
Good morning everyone except for palantards and Tesla bulls
Dropped my iPhone today and screen broke...
Apple puts.

F for respects
Tsla losing strength.  F
There arent even options on  why yall spammin that shit
jesus fuck these sell orders coming in at PLTR 25
I just need one play to make $10m
It would be cool if America was full of attractive and or athletic people but they're just so many fatasses
Imagine not being in c r y p t o before 2021 happens
Baba will become gay today.
imagine being a gaming company and being circuit breaker'd DOWN 6 fucking days from cyberpunk 2077
Good morning retards
Two weeks away from vaccine and they wanna push hard for one more lockdown? They didnt capture enough wealth and power already damn!
Should have fomo a bit into Palantir yesterday urghsgxhshs
Bring back the kang gang for real tho
JD and BABA going to finally run today
CRSR the next RKT?
Why is everyone shilling Chinese ev? Confused ab the news and seeing bulls
First time buying calls... what should i do with tesla!?
Doesnt that retard Michael Burry realize that stocks only go up???? Tesla is not a MBS
So if Tesla fails to hold anything over 600 at open might get a bounce back down.
 r fukt
Wait for the TSLA profit dip before you fomo

Homo
GME shittin the bed
can red day for once? i have no interest in buying most this shit here
Pltr puts are so cheap right now 
US REDUCES MAXIMUM TIME FOR VISITOR VISAS FOR CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY MEMBERS AND IMMEDIATE FAMILY FROM 10 YEARS TO 1 MONTH- STATE
FB buy the dip
Downvoted for calling the spy dip two mins ago. Never change retards, remember to always downvote people to defend your dumbass positions on Reddit
Bear trap, everyone relax

They want you to load puts so when decriminalization is confirmed and a stimulus is announced, you all lose money
PLTR could easily do $35 next week
What's the WSB car subreddit called? I'm dumb and can't find it.

I mean, I'm still dumb, but I also can't find the sub.
Well guess Im logging off. One of those days where the sub is useless cause people just want to type PLTR over and over 
too late to go for PLTR? or would that be a terrible idea.
PLTR dumping
Whos your favorite Backstreet Boy?
Someone out there bought Nasdaq just now at the very top of the ATH. Poor fool.
[It is genuinely hard to read these comments from delusional NIO perma bulls. Whoever is holding weeklies is absolutely fucked. And honestly, whoever has contracts for next week might also be fucked because of IV. You bull tards deserve this for not looking at both sides of the trade. PLTR Gang.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9V78UbdzWI&ab_channel=DigiNeko)
Shit is gonna dump so fucking hard after stim finally passes. No more vaccine and stim hopes and headlines to pump the market. Massive correction by eoy inevitable
Shit is so rigged. Today they pumping ZS

What a joke

Ban Algos 

We are at a disadvantage and constantly getting fucked
PLTR 24c 12/11 sound good?
PLTR slow and steady to the moon 
The bulls are back in town! The bulls are back in toaoaoawn!
Bought 900 GME stonks and Sold 9 covered called at $19 exp in 8 days. Am I fucked
Gay
Micron hasn't had any pullback for the entire month. It really is on it's way to 90. Sold way too soon.
Advisorshares Trust Pure Cannabis ETF is literally called YOLO. I have to get 95% of my portfolio on this.
BABA should be dumping today? idk what to make of the news
SQ 
So weed calls for the House vote?
Why is BABA up? \\
I have the best weed pharma play but I guess it's too cheap to post. Slide in the dm if you want the play.
The face ice masks are a godsend for hangovers. And you can get like 3/$10 on Amazon. Honestly these would make a great stocking stuffer for Becky .. might send some to CNBC HQ
I'm all in on SPY calls from the close yesterday - think we pump up to 370 by 10ET and close 373-374
premarket Baba green = Baba bleeds
FCX. Guaranteed bullish gains thanks to EV boom.
Calm down about Gyna. You really think theyll just let that happen, and wont fuck over TSLA and the entire S&P with it? Its a political flex and will go nowhere. Watch these guys shrug it off by eod.
Fuck the cad-us pair man. F f f f f f f. F f f f f f f f. F f f f f f f. F f f. F f f f f. F f f f f. F f f f f. F f f f
Really thought DG would trade flat. Straddle worked Tuesday and closed yesterday. 
Should have held the puts. 

They plan on opening 1000 more stores. 
There are 11 stores within a 5 mile radius of me today. lmao. 

Dollar General coming to my front yard soon.
Today oil will fuck your bear ass into dust
SPY either mooning or flat today. Nobody has the desire to sell it seems. There aren't even fake futures dumps anymore. Pure rally all the time.
So maybe invest in the company thats gonna bring that vaccine weve been waiting on? Idk felt cute might PFIZER later  
LAZR
BABA gonna be collaborating with Eutopia airline to spread vaccine made from Xi's backyard. BABA 420C 12/18 still looking real cheap rn
Fuck do I sell my calls at open of ride the rocket. Last timebI did, PLTR fell off a cliff.
Teslas bleeding
$CRM to the fucking moon..
If VALE hits $20 next week Ill send $100 to the top voted idiot replying to this comment
crwd

c ya l8r
American airlines buying at $15.10 in premarket
Another BP gap ...keep running baby!!
I dont want to sound like a bitch but Tesla has sold off most of its gain in the AM everyday. May sell in AM an sit on my hands
Got some PLTR yesterday under 21 and sold a 12/4 23 Call. Should I buy back my call at open, mid day, or just let it possibly get assigned.
does citron make their positions publicly known? or they just say they're shorting the stonk?
so what usually happens after Goldman upgrades a price target?
Anyone playing rolls Royce options?
How ya guys feeling about snow at open
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/03/palantir-bulls-should-take-latest-sell-off-as-a-gift-trader-says.html

Lets hope this saves the 12/31 35C
I hope you loaded up on CRM yesterday and I hope you load up on SPLK 2021 today/tomorrow. Easy Ws
SSL Two Words: Hydrogen Production
CRSR officially ded?
Sell TSLA call at open or hold? 
Thoughts on SPY EOD?
Just like the winter frosts killed my sweet potatoes the winter frostd have killed PLTR
CRSR gonna go down to $28-$30. The correction will be complete after that.
LGVW 
Why is Bloomberg 5 minutes behind on my IB account??? That's so lame
Alcoa . Told yall to buy in yesterday.
Please BNTX dip at open I want to buy u
alright bitches. we raid soon. Fucking bears won the battle but the war just starting
[deleted]
Who else is buying more TSLA calls at opening?
I snuck through the back of Costco to get my usual $2 lunch, but it turns out the food court is gone now
Okay now that i cant day trade because i fell below pdt, when would be the best time to buy calls?
Im ready for this tsla dump
Hold TSLA 12/31 and APPL 12/18 calls or bust
TSLA puts at open can either give you tendies or dick in ya mouth
start your engines fuckers
#LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Another gay ass flat day?
HOW TF WE FEELING TSLA GANG 

DO WE SELL?
Lol. Crash for me Nio, crash baby
-14% week, +500% month.
$27 pltr calls for 12/14? sound juicy
PLTR to $24 EOY!
LAZR is crazy gains
this market insane boring
SABR hnnngggghhhh
Markets basically just waiting for one big player to put their sell order in first then it's an algo fueled dump until we find a floor
Lol BA is pumping
Its burning rn in LA but at least my candles are green !
AMTX making me rich today
whats the play for dxy going to shit?
Spys gonna print, and Im about to buy the fuck out this apple dip just waiting for the bottom
Dont fuck with Mr. Peanut
Good lord the cruise lines keep cancelling more and more cruises and the stonks just go up.
Alright which if you downvoting bears has PLTR puts this morning ;)
Schwab down for anyone else?
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh7bYNAHXxw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh7bYNAHXxw)

LAZR beams where u at!!!!! THURSDAY MOON SHOT
FB puts on news they might get antitrust action soon
I'm bullish
BA going VTOL
Appl going down because of that bill they lobbying?
Spy can stay flat to fuck bulls and bears lol
CRSR ship leaving, hop on !!! 
Bb anyone ?
Safe to be back in PLTR and NIO?
BA is now outperforming AAPL in my investing account
Airbnb is gonna make me cum myself

Travel & Tech & Real Estate & Unicorn & YCombinator backed
Just woke up. Y moon?
Good time to buy DKNG?
GPRO looking HOT, if that baby breaks 9 we could see a squeeezeee
I am such a pussy...I never hold calls long term. I sold my all my jan pltr calls with 30% gain this morning. I am still holding some March calls
TSLA can't go over 600, because we all expect it to. But if we all know that then the big money should skyrocket it today when everyone is conditioned to sell at 595.
HD doing dirty things to my asshole right now
Lululemons are a great investment as a male with a hot wife. Buying stock
LETS GO VIX
Zuck you fucking cuck
Imagine not putting your entire net worth into stocks
My god y'all and your meme stocks - go long ZS or short it's incoming bear trap then go long
die zoom die!
MSFT is rocketing
DXCM DD - [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic\_due\_diligence\_on\_dexcom\_inc\_dxcm\_and\_why/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic_due_diligence_on_dexcom_inc_dxcm_and_why/)
ahhhh, tsla getting the goldman special...
whoops sold a stock again beacuse it was up to buy more of a stock that was down.

you guys know how the story ends

the stock I sold went further up

the stock I bought dropped further


Fuck $TSLA, I'm out.
SNOW had revenues of $160M, net loss of $168M, and is now worth $90B. Now that's value
I think hexo is the best weed buy. Positioned well to be a top weed company, their earnings are coming up dec.16th. Look at their last 3 quarters...way up and expected to beat earnings. If more act passes the senate vote likely won't be until after earnings.very cheap play.
25

25

25

25
PALANTURD GOING WILD
PLTR is back baby!
Papa Elon taking us to Mars within 6 years 
BLNK to $30
OH GOD ITS ENDING PLTR DUMPING OH NO MY ALGOS
PLTR gonna do at least 250 million in volume. Its at 30 million. Youre welcome :)
I kind of want PLTR to close below 25 on Friday because I want to get assigned on my puts...
yeah its time for puts lol
KR, told you
Can finally get rid of my pltr
So is TSLA the next Big Short
Here comes the PLTR crash. Sigh
Stonks only go up, including VXX
Dump eet
# CMON SPY WE CAN GET THIS TO 370 EOD. LEGGOOOOOO
Wtf did the Chinese ev rallied yesterday if they were going dump today???
anyone playing CHWY earningsv
To the Moooooooooooooooooooooooon!
Whats the airline news?

Am I stupid for wanting to buy a 560 put on Tesla? Even with the upgrade it cant break 590 or 600 convincingly
Why is $LAZR making me rich?
Held on to my TSLA $600c a little longer than I should have but walked away with 90% profit. Thank Papa Elon. Also fuck you Burry 
Pltr back to 23?
Who had ZS calls? shit
PLTR call fuk or hold ?
bought apex at 17 and sold at 13.1 AMA
Too many good news
Stim talks going well - https://twitter.com/JakeSherman/status/1334521119055949825
Never heard of Ryanair before, but thanks for the BA boost
UAL!!!!!!
One of you F tards told me SPY puts was they way to go.  My retarded self will like to thank you
Z SCALERRRRRRR $2000000000
Cut ur losses from PLTR and take em to ZS please and thank you
Buying some SPY puts 366
Bought moderna yesterday, up 8% on my IRA. Not a bad trade
Breaking: US government looking for agreement on stimulus to bail out failed Boomer policies and businesses for the Xth time.
BA oh my lord
Finally dump spy you fuck I want to recoup all my losses I gave you
TSLA receives paint shop permit for Berlin Gigafactory but is denied tree clearing. Market is disappointed. TSLA 12/31 750c
Any news to cause SPY to take a jump off the cliff?
Look, you probably bought pltr on friday last week.  You saw i was making mad tenders on aapl and now you bought aapl options today.  Its gonna be ok.  Youre a step behind but hold on! Unless you have fds you might be fucked.
Should I hold Jan BA call I picked up this morning or take profits today
Apple sell off into tomorrow ? What do yall think 
#HA BEARS YOU THOUGHT FOR A SECOND
In hindsight, CRSP leaps was the play this whole time. Up 160% on my pathetic 8 shares.
I bought BA puts at the top
Something that makes you feel alive watching your account go up 10% and immediately drop -20% and then back up 5%
Damn I really fumbled the bag on my AMZN put. Bought while it was falling. Was up $600 and didnt sell. Now Im even, hoping it goes back down. Fuck
NNOX demo in 10 minutes, if the tech is legit this will be a triple digit stock next week. If not, will be sub 30. Straddles are a great play.
Haha told ya CRSP would hit $140 before EOY 
I really shouldn't be trading during finals season, but here I am
300c Boeing calls are free money considering theres no reason Pfizer or moderna will be denied their EUA by the FDA. Should find out by middle of December
What ticker is ? 
BA said "im different yeah im different, pull up to the scene with my ceiling missing"
SPLK calls free money anyone
Airlines going fucking parabolic
SPY $368c 12/4.

Im up 200%.  Any chance this gets to $368 tomorrow?  VIX creeping around has me nervous.
NIO looks ready for another major dip. Please change my mind so I keep paper handing these calls
t h e t a g a n g is legion
so is PLTR back?
CRM JUL 7/16 $250 calls looking tasty
Good time for airline and cruise stocks
Pltr talk dirty to me baby. Fucking show my that big green dildo cock of yours
Lmao bye  bears spy bouta fuck you in the ass
CCL to the moon!
CCL calls still worth it?
CCL easy fucking money
Bought the ZS top like a FUCK!
Is it possible for TSLA to hit $2000 again? How unrealistic is that
NNDM the next meme stock that Cathie Wood is gonna shoot to Venus

GET IN NOW BEFORE IT HITS $10

NNDM

NNDM 

NNDM
Alright guys, just wanted to say this, might help someone if they are having such feelings. I made a few trades this week which I sold too soon, but made a few today which were right at the top! So its totally normal, dont worry about lost opportunities. 
Get in SONO now dudes
I don't think PLTR is gonna bounce back to 29 any time soon. This I feel is gonna be a long hold for a couple of weeks if not months...rip for those with calls...
PLTR Front and Center NEXT WEEK with VACCINE DISTRIBUTION.

$250+
Everything looks green today boyz! 
I feel like if it passes the house the weed stocks will boom. I think its possible. Dems have the majority and support by Republicans is much stronger than you think. In fact most of the big weed investors are conservatives and historically conservatives want less laws. Being sandwiched between 2 legal countries (Canada and mexico) is going to supremely complicate enforcement. Also half the states its legal in some way. Hell in the town i live in Texas you can hold up to 4 ounces and only get a ticket. Thats a quarter pound! With Trump rumored to do a "u.s. companies can't deal with anyone using slave labor" order I think thats going to complicate the use of the prisoners in the u.s. more than anything which marijuana laws have been used to fill up the prisons. Also Trump has stated he doesn't think it should be federal law, thinks it should be up to the states so he'll most likely push senate to get rid of the law not necessarily endorse pot. Biden on the other hand is extremely against legalization. Lots of private prison, alcohol, lawyer lobbists also in the mix so who knows. I'd say its 50/50 and not the no brainer its going to fail as most here think. Ending the war on drugs will save a lot of money and state and federal taxes will provide a windfall of revenue. I know a lot of people say "yeah right, the weed guy is really going to pay taxes". No the big guys will come in, take it over. You'll be paying taxes on it just like with cigs.
Palantir bears any comments on it mooning premarket, dump at open then mooning the rest of the day?
Lmao trump going to defund the military? Puts on PLTR
This is not going to end well for bulls
PLTR about to tank again lmao
UK News: "Elon Musk warns staff stock price could get crushed like a souffle under a sledgehammer'"

Oh. Oh no.
Pltr gonna end the day red. Book it
PLTR red within 20 minutes of open
FIST ON CHEST NO FEAR !!!

PLTR CAN FUCKEN CLEAR 27$ today LIKE NOTHING 


BUY 1 Share and do YOUR PART !!!!!!!


A Ladyboys cocks cost money !!!

Make it with PLTR!!!
Imagine not bailing on PLTR LUL
Holy shit  that huge ass red candle on PLTR
Note to self.. dont diamond hand tsla calls
TSLA dumps big at open watch
PLTR 20p 12/04 let's gooo
PLTR gang is it time to sell?
Upward momentum stalled. Here we go
PLTR and Tesla bulls ...beware
Goldman Sachs upgraded Tesla to 780 to sell you out of their position. Yall really believe it in yall selves that 780 is Tesla pt? Cmon now, 780?? 
puts on pltr EOD gang
Pltr short squeeze, get out while you can protect your loses
This is more than a dead cat bounce just saying
This is the top. Spy 220 EOY ;)
Robinhood is getting shady these days..my limit order price dropped 30cents after getting filled and when I looked at the price trend, it never got  high enough where I paid for....wtf is happening here. Bunch of BS
No one taking about weed decriminalization and deschedule bill that is being voted on in congress this week....  biiiig TLRY ACB guy
Bought 300 shares of Rolls Royce 
If PLTR breaks ath itll go to 40 on fomo alone, if it doesnt soon itll be like RKT and lose meme status, trade flat at ipo price, and be forgotten 

Always fun to watch stocks that investors wont touch and owned 80+% by retail retards
I am not going to be able to to focus if pltr reaches 25 today...I wrote yesterday that I will donate $200 if it reaches 25 and I will stick by it
Lol PLTR hit a brick wall at 24
Anyone else hopping out of tesla?
PLTR within $20-$28 by Feb 2021!
Come on PLTR drill into these bulls asses please
Pltr to all time high again
Tsla dumping hard af today
To ignore PLTR or write it off as "overpriced" or something similarly ignorant

is basically being given a second chance by the universe to buy TSLA and saying "no I'll pass" using the same flawed argument as last time
Cant wait for PLTR to go red lol
[deleted]
ACB with that big ass cup and handle, about too 100%
MVIS shares, thank me later
so is tsla going to dump its guts at open?  from there who knows......
I only have calls on banks and oil right now 
I'm back boyzz
Sorry boys, but PLTR is going to commit dead today.
Do i sell my PLTR now, im still at a loss but its a much better loss than it was yesterday
Me to anyone who says I should sell PLTR

[https://youtu.be/Ybgb6I9bK7E?t=20](https://youtu.be/Ybgb6I9bK7E?t=20)
Let's get some bb action going. Buy the dip .
Every day I look to see if Roblox is tradeable  
Every day Im disappointed
Lol everyone gonna jump back into PLTR with Fds today and tomorrow and then ride it back down to 22 next week instead of taking profits or holding shares.
Rug pull?
Got my 12/31 360 birthday put.

Now waiting on that government shutdown
Why does it feel like the MM's are trying to keep the Dow just under 30k until January to cuck Chump and deny him that rally speech bullet point?

I like the idea, but I like tendies more.
Fucking TSLA slow bleed for rest of the day
Shit, do I get back into pltr or am I gonna get burned again
We need to get Air Canada 
thank you, fake pump

very cool

my orders executed
Selling TSLA puts are free money
Yolo LAZR  
Theres no achievements for reaching 1k karma I commented on here for nothing :(
All in BA
PLTR doing that Green Dildo thing again.

$250+
[A 3-months veteran knows the game.](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k57d6a/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_02_2020/geesw56?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3)

> If you have been long in the game like me (approx. 3-4 months), you know PLTR will moon one day and this dark time is when winners load up.

Edit: I have been advised to just say "Buy the dip", I apologise for failing to observe such tradition.
 PFE going full retard mode
I cant believe I even have to say this but you guys have peanut brains and WSB like kindergarten for traders

PLTR is up almost 4% AH, there is no bad news on the horizon. It fell because it was overbought and MS downgraded it. No reason for it to fall more now 

NIO is down more than 2.5% AH. The anti China bill is being sent to daddy and this will no doubt have an affect on NIOs price in the short term. NIO wont get delisted because theyll switch to GAAP reporting but their financial results wont be as hot. NIO is red today.
What a potential +50% trade today?
Now a good time to buy PLTR puts?
If PLTR drops to 15-16 range I'll buy in. I'm not sure that it's going to the moon yet! Maybe a month from now.
GME GME GME GME PLANITARD PLANITARD PLANITARD YOLO YOLO YOLO ROFLMAO FUCK YOU
Hey remember when we told you to buy the once in a life opportunity of a crash level NIO and Xpeng dip, whelp...should bought the dip yet again. Market open is your last chance for huge discount get in or get left behind
double top on PLTR we going downnn
Goldman uber bullish on tesla?
Uh oh, time to short it
TSLA gonna dump hard at open
#pltr is not going over $26 for the next 2 weeks. MM will not let that happen.
SPY IS ON SALE. STOCKS ONLY GO UP FROM HERE ON OUt
Congrats PLTR bulls, you are now having a heart attack
[deleted]
NIO small dick Chinese stock 8=D
Goodbye pltr hello puts. PLTR 23 EOD
PLTR MOONING $250+
PLTR/TSLA/JMIA!

LET"S FUCKING GO BULLS!!!!!

TIME FOR THE BEARS TO TOSS OUR SALAD
CRM is going to ~$200-210. Don't buy calls yet.
Holy fuck PLTR is mooning
Is PLTR gonna dump on my ass with next week calls ?
Top is in. Spy wont break $370 and youll all be crushed with a massive sector rotation (and profit taking) for the next 3 months.
I don't know what PLTR does and I don't care, buying Puts because I know well enough to inverse WSB when it spams a stock
LAZR is the new PLTR with a cooler name. To the moon!
I told everyone XLE. I was downvoted. Up 300% yesterday and sold. Up another 400% today. No one listens on my XOM XLE plays they just downvote
The us made the virus , I knew it heh..
They found covid in blood donations from back before December
I would suggest y'all to get out of Chinese stocks.
DING DING

WHO READY FOR THAT OPENIN BELL???    

DING GANG SADDLE UP AND LEMME GET A DING  DING   BELOW   IF U READY!!!!
Whore
What will it take for PFE to moon? Long 5,000 shares of this bullshit at 36 entry. Cant believe they have a vaccine and this shit is only at 41!!!! If it doesnt move with FDA approval, Im out and will just load up on AMZN!
CNBC called SPCE pure hype stock good maybe it will drop so I can pick some up. Too expensive at its current value to me, but still want it.
[deleted]
Are you all going to take the vaccine when it comes out?
Hey, $AAPL, have some fucking mercy? I sell a covered call and you decide to bust through my strike the following day. At least come back down by close so I can buy back my call for a profit.
Spy died
Semi diamond  hands are cashing out of PLTR
Shorting GME here :)
Picked up PLTR puts at what was hopefully the top today
Apha why wont you fucking dump
Just got offered SpaceX IPO @ $70b

Should I?
VIX 
Fuck gme
All I want for Christmas is an economic catastrophe so I can buy the dip. Thanks Santa!
Tesla gapping past pre split 3000 is a sign the top is near

2021 is the year of bear
I refuse to trade pltr. Very unpredictable
PLTR had a dead cat bounce, this is your opportunity to get out
GME prediction today?
What is HZAC?
So if you want to hold Costco for a day to get the $10 dividend, what day would that be, do you have to hold over night and would it work?
How do you retards make any money on these super volitle stocks. I bought CAAS the other day and it went up 75% from when I bought it but I only doubled my money. Guess I shouldnt buy ITM weeklies...
SPY PUMP lets go
SPY going up or down?
CRWD should see a nice dip as soon as the profit taking starts
If Chinese stocks are delisted, what happens to the shares you hold?
NAQ today's your chance to not be gay
the way i played dg 1/15/2021 $260 calls ._.

AES is actually doing good i have 2k in 12/18 calls i think ima sell for a profit tomorrow and figure out how to unretard my dg play

**U THINK DG WILL BE 224 BY NEXT YEAR??**
Can you younger folks explain the current console war for me? Like, who's the perceived winner/leader?  PS5 or XBox?

IS the supply low or is it just purely high demand that is causing these shortages?
Too late to get in CRSP?
PTON and CHWY calls fools. Anytime there's lockdown/potential lockdown news they gap up
I put 50k on TSM yesterday
Is it realistic for Tesla to crash big time at some point or is a relatively safe stock at this point?
Guesses for CRSR today? I think around -5%. Should go to $30 - $32 by tomorrow.
Sold a tsla $500c 12/24 a few days ago, and I have a $562.5/$567.5 12/4.  We eatin.

On that note.... should i buy back the short leg of the spread and continue the moon mission, or play it conservative?

Edit: buy back, not sell the short leg
BB 15C 12/18 my last true yolo of the year
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5p6c5/tsla_to_valhalla/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Chances of Xmas eve crash 2.0?
WHY is rkt$ obsessed with 20$ 

Dame bro 

I mean I sold a 19.50 cash coverd put and love the stone cold holding 20$ but man
Alexa play Dark Side of the Moon 
Margin called $700. But my bank shows I do not owe that overdraft amount anymore, is this the case?

Hopefully an idiot has my call and diamond hands CRSR... I wasn't expecting these shares to get called away this week!
Hope you guys picked up some TMO calls, here's your daily reminder again that you are missing out on easy gains because you don't care to look into it
BLNK going to die?
Imagine imagining 
Convince me not to sell my Vroom and Goodrx shares.
guys you have to pick two only this morning, what strike and exp? CRM, SQ, CHWY
CRM SQ CHWY which date n strike u guys getting for these at open?
do you need a certain amount of karma to join the WSB Chatroom on reddit??? Like the bullpen?
THIS STONKS IS A MUST BUY

BUY BUY BUY BUY
Is today the day we feast on honey??? 
Here we fucking go people
Just said fuck it and went yolo on 12/4 googl calls, wish me luck
INTC is going back to 60, Su Bae's popped that pussy too much and it has gone dry, Bob Swan's got that juicier ass with the Amazon partnership on AI to compete with nvidia.  Get in now!
Market gonna go red its Thursday idiots
PFE wtf?
Ohhh just bought my GME put back for a decent profit and now I get to sell another after this dump finds the bottom 
TIM FUCKING APPLE
When are we gonna have fun, Amazon?
SPLK a buy?
bye bye amd
Hmm gonna try to catch a swing off this AAPL dip
Why is tesla at 700 yet?
Pltr and spce weekly calls just kept my head above water
Lmao look at ZS
Bought BLNK yesterday at dip, rise BLNK rise!
Dammit I was gonna go in a little on PLTR yesterday even just to scalp today I should have done it 
SPLK rip
How good is this jobless data?
SWBI

Earnings at close today. Entry point is now
These fuckers will not give us TSLA 600 lol
FSLY...... was there positive news???
rotate into dkng now if you want free money
DXCM on its way, hop on this dip
Stonks go down...
Lucky for yall. Its day 2 of the DKNG sale!
My sheets can have this many cum stains before my mom asks whats that
i have a feeling that a certain weekly call of mine is gonna do something. key word: SOMETHING
TSLA put credit spreads the move?
Would I be retarded to get some baba 260 puts right now
Starting to look like we're going to get another Tesla flat pinned to 590 day.
Why is everyone here only talking about ACB and APHA for weedstocks when there are stocks like JUSHF and TCNNF out there?
BAC dip risky but looking tasty
If I haven't said it today...man IV crush **sucks**.
Die VIX die
Sold a TSLA contract and set a stop loss for the other see ya l8r 
Shorted TSLA 580p expiring next week. Let's see if that new valuation holds true
Hopefully SPCE mooning is the *only* thing about Feb/Mar 2020 that's about to repeat

jk crash this bitch so I can load up on calls
Vxx creepin
MMMMM smells like theta burn
MSFT has me so hard right now...
Tsla EOD predictions? i think it will weaken in the AM to ~580 before rallying to 600 by close..
im on fucking ramen and rice with eggs only watch
Oh shit its passed 25. 26 in 1 1/2 hours?
JETS BABY
Everyone buy zm. Then dump it together
S&P record high? Circuit breaker time.
about to crash tech with no survivors
Why did mods ban s-are-aye-see
Can I just get a -1% day so I can get out of my puts please
Dope boy Dickies and diamonds and Timbs
You shouldn't play with that boy, he is not one of them
Bro, I kept taking L's, finally got me a M
Still making double, I don't count what I spend
so basically for the past two years if you'd bought long dated TSLA calls you'd've made out okay. The ultimate meme stock. Do we expect PLTR to do this for the next two years? Volatile but increasingly moving upward because of meme strength combining with big money?
NIO is the big gay
ACB is running
Printed over 200% with long term calls in WFC, GOOGL, and XLE
Hey retards. Zuo is one of the only tech stock that hasnt skyrocketed since Covid. Any sort of good news will push this baby up. Earnings are tonight. Youre welcome.
December was easy to make money so far
Lol like fucking clockwork I eat a 50% loss on a Tesla call I bought today and it shoots up. Fuck this im out.
Tsla seems to be stucked in range. It should go above 600 today
[deleted]
If you write a covered call and its going to expire worthless so you still have to close the call?
Wait so are they delisting Chinese companies?
should I sell my single spy call exp tomorrow? Up only 37$ or 17 percent lol. Should have bought more
Got a hedge 360 P 12/31
[deleted]
I love the people that comment on here and only look at dailys
Still working on stimulus
stop getting the TSLA bag dumped on you by Goldman
Why is everything so fuckin flat
Building some handles in zoom right now, thesis being all weak hands are shaked out. tell me im an idiot
lmao Burry shouldve been shorting SNOW not TSLA, this shit is manipulated like crazy
NCLH super cycle incoming.
ZS going OFF holy fuck
People rotating out of tech just to rotate back in next week
Zoom out and you'll see its a dead cat bounce down
 Anyone make a killing off of Splunk?
Look at the boy BA go
 Signal going in and out (prr), swimming at the house (wait)  
Live with no doubts (whoa), zen the fuck out (yeah)  
Big dog plays (big), the payoffs in route (swerve)  
Laid across the couch (whoa), I'm zen the fuck out (it's lit)  
Zen the fuck out (prr), zen the fuck out (wait)  
Laid across the couch (couch), I'm zen the fuck out (yeah)
Holy Christ BA whats the deal with that?
Pfizer, AMD you
Imma need ZM to die now
Fuck it after this Elon Tesla play Im going all in on boomer stocks
366 puts guys, we can make money on both sides
VFF 17c 1/15
K shape recovery confirmed
Yoooooooooooo this is sick there is a company that makes Lazers on the market
Do we think a red senate is priced in? If not, clean energy stocks are going to shit if repubs win the GA runoff
SPY dont give a FUCK about your hospitalization rate
I think if we dont get a stimi by eoy we will see a big drop and correction
[deleted]
TSLA sideways to cuck us all.
Will BA 250c 12/18 print?
bruh holy shit $SPCE just died
Someone please delist EVK
Sold a covered call and sold a naked put on PLTR for tomorrow expiration
Hope on RYCEY before it s too late
Quick EZ gains for today
Someone mentioned SWBI and then didn't respond to my comment (dick head).  Anyone playing the earning tomorrow on this?  If so, what's the Play?
Please pump $FB
Pltr looks cucked. What is u doing baby
[deleted]
AMZN 12/4 c is calling my name
 do I sell my Jan 21st $25 calls at a 45% profit or wait for the moon?  Ive sat on this for 5 months, ups and downs... but time is running out, but so much upside left.
Okay Im just gonna say it, but dont you all go ruining it:

 NTLA fucking spanked yall and is up 100% since October. 

You want a cheaper CRSP? 

NTLA. 

You're welcome.
[deleted]
Just bought a bunch of NIO calls for Jan. Would recommend if you like money.
after losing 30k on PLTR, i turned back to theta gang with non overleveraged positions and ive never slept so well and had a good day
DAL puts?
* call expiring 12/4

retarded question: does this mean you have to sell it by end of trading day today, or end of trading day tomorrow?
AMZN about to breakout bigly 

12/18 3500 calls still kinda cheap get em while ya can
I think before Mordecai that one guy, I think hes name was Chase, was a simp to Zoey. Idk what happened after but Im pretty sure he gets with her at the end.
PENN 
GOOG to ATH. Alphabet 4 lyfe.
sold PLTR at 25, hopefully it tanks by EOD

&#x200B;

Fuck u
Upvote if youre a bear
lol whats the chance PLTR gets to red today
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
cmon CRM just go red ya shitter!
VVIX says a crash could come within 10 days
Are Chinese stocks gonna get delisted?
Rug pull at open?
new PLTR bagholders secured, time to start drilling phase 3
Bought PLTR puts. Rug pull and sell off this afternoon and tomorrow with 12/4 contracts.
Guys do we all agree that the market is powered by stupidity and we shouldnt fight stupidity? 
I mean for example if orange man tweeted he has a huge erection then the market would legit have a bigger erection than a Jamaican farmer
First
Quite new to all this, but assuming a short squeeze does happen with GME, is it within the realm of possibilities that it could hit 100+? Or is that just a random number people are throwing out there for banter?
The day Ryan Cohen walks from GME will be the day of miracles! For my puts 


It'll happen soon enough
[deleted]
Fuck gyna, selling BABA. fucking US house banned gyna's stocks
Lets go pltr u can go to $20 so i can all in fking slut
[deleted]
Norwegian Air (NAS) might be an interesting bet guys. Laid down 2k on it just before the restructuring update this morning $$$$$
Ive got 100 to invest what am I putting it on?
The NY accent is just italian immigrants speaking English. I dont even know anyone who talks like that except italians 
If FSR opens over $17.50 and skips that resistance it spent all yesterday trying to break, we'll be having a party over there, last chance to buy this dip.
Does anyone see lazr options?
Jobs unemployment numbers are out, 712,000. Is that good news or bad news, 

Lower unemployment means no stimmy, but it also means the economy is recovering
How fuk am I on my $250c 12/11 $CRM?
Elon sent an email out to employees saying cut costs or the stock will be crushed by a sledgehammer 
Im sorry but I love to see BB tank
So sell nio?
It blows my mind people still play super time and Theta sensitive FDs on robinhood. 

Citadel front runs those orders so fucking hard because the volatility is so high your dumb ass will never be able to tell.
How did CRM go down when they beat earnings by a shit ton and snowflake goes way up when they missed by a mile.
Bezos said fuck green time to head back down
anyone buying nio calls?
Rkt about to moon
Zm puts guy. Im telling you.
This aapl run is gonna be the biggest fake out all year. Get the fuck out while you can
Lmfao. Did I expose u hoss?? Upping your order to 46k?
[deleted]
Get ready for the biggest crash of this decade (I know the decade just started)
The sale on TSLA puts is almost over. Get 'em while you can.
We're like one hour in and everyone here is crying...God damn you're annoying
DM me to donate to a good cause: my ToS account 
GCI is free money ladies and gentlefarts
COVID should never go away. Only reason why we're able to make highs after highs. Check out Disney, ATH baby!
Stable Road Acquisition! Merger with Momentus in early 2021
[deleted]
Burry > Musk
BUY IN TICKER: YJ YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST BABY
AAL and BA calls free money tardies.
[deleted]
Guys is NIO dead? Please advise, I put $9k into 45c expiring tomorrow, literally my net worth. Im shaking
DXM DD- [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic\_due\_diligence\_on\_dexcom\_inc\_dxcm\_and\_why/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5yf5i/diabetic_due_diligence_on_dexcom_inc_dxcm_and_why/)
znto +39.89%  today.$0.25.  i know were not supposed to, but this is the breiefly famous zoom impersonator that was halted, relisted chyna stonk ?
Jan or Feb CCL puts?
Airline puts?
We selling TSLA at open or what how do we feel?
All Cops are Bastards (ACB)
This will be the greatest bubble pop in history
TSLA puts at open
Buy a diversified etf portfolio
PLTR reversal inbound
RIP NIO  
[https://www.barrons.com/articles/china-delisting-bill-could-pass-this-week-in-u-s-what-that-means-for-investors-51606903200](https://www.barrons.com/articles/china-delisting-bill-could-pass-this-week-in-u-s-what-that-means-for-investors-51606903200)
So I have a crush I want to ask to dinner on Friday and a bonfire. Unfortunately I went to a bonfire yesterday and got drunk and high and this chick takes advantage of me. My boys let it slip to the dumb bitch about Fridays bonfire. Do I just axe the bonfire all together on what could be a romantic evening? Do I break it to the slut that itll never happen between us? Like I think Im a nice guy and Im uncomfortable with all this and want to set the right mood for my crush. Anyone got a good back up plans instead of a bonfire? Help a bro land his dream girl and Ill donate my left testical
Man my hope my pltr puts prints today, and tesla calls
GME back to $15, $9 post earnings.

False Breakout Bulls Fright,  Delight

No Squeeze, it'd be miraculous to hit $30, let alone anything triple digits
I'm 99% PLTR is going red by EOD. Too bad its already priced in put premiums
Futures green, we will be good!! ...........aaaaaaaaaaaaaand its gone.
[just to be clear on PLTR](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5xvva/just_to_be_clear_the_part_the_arrow_points_to_is/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Please put on your seatbelts. Its about to get bumpy
Is XPEV AND NIO DISLISTING OR WHAT?
The Chinese delisting bill passed .how on earth NIO is not down 10%
PLTR doing the quick dip so the can RIP
spy 370 or 355
PTLR puts on discount!
XPEV puts lets go
New strategy buy calls expiring asap on a couple things keep some cash in case one dips lower buy more calls on it short expiry of cource
Feels like a bull trap
Time to buy puts
No one listened to me a few days ago when I said "check out CLRB"
If I buy a call and in the same day sell for lets say a 15% gain do I get the full 15% or is there some premium taken on when I buy?
My gme hopes and dreams are fading away...
I heard from a friend on thanksgiving that there are a lot of retards here on wsb, but also have you guys heard of pltr?
Yo how 700k people a week keep filing for unemployment? Like just dont be unemployed no?
Is this a sell the news event for TSLA? Holding weeklies
Red by open
Thnx for the cheap puts pussies
[Photo of what my portfolio feels like](https://as1.ftcdn.net/jpg/02/10/33/68/500_F_210336858_7VGK0zY06ljpIEYS7sarkX5CtJlk7yI5.jpg)
If TSLA gets anywhere near 600 its going to bounce off so hard it goes through the earth
Fuck this PLTR moon spam. Too much autism even for this sub
What happening to nio? Its getting delisted I should sell?
PLTR DEAD
TSLA stock is only worth about $20 maybe thats the funny part lol
Please NIO fall into the abyss these 40$ puts that expire tomm need some hope
Since Burry is under 5% ownership for GME, he can sell his entire position without reporting.

Y'know what? He likely did sell to buy TSLA Puts.

GME $9 EOY, Take Profits While You CAN!
Everyone thought NIO was going to moon, now look at it. PLTR going down next, get out!!
Can I get my first award ever? Not gonna wait all year
This is why we have to follow Pelosi. She is as dirty as they come.

https://disclosures-clerk.house.gov/public_disc/ptr-pdfs/2020/20017460.pdf

Edit: Can't believe some of you fugs down voted me. She got in at around $130+. CRWD is $164+ now
The MMs know about these 3 dudes. They will make it happen
And a girl that will post her tits.
Can't wait for the banner to change to whatever basement that guy decides to eat his shit in.
This fella promises he'll chug [Carolina Reaper hot sauce](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5u3l9/if_pltr_hits_30_by_the_end_of_next_week_i_will/).
1 guy will pay someone 1000$
Wait until Peter drops his 14.5 million shares right when we hit 26
This is y i love fucking WSB  
And then me getting a wsb tattoo at 100 eo2021
First step before launch 
Drain the coolant.
Lol your engine needs to warm up. Where you think the heat comes from?
Get a Tesla
Take the bus
Ride a bicycle and keep yourself warm.
Lol real, Honda problems run too efficient and the blocks are so small.
Engine block heater
Set the thing in S gear, engine make more vroom and give you warmth.
Get a hybrid. None of this shit.
Even better bEV.
I sat in my driveway for 10 minutes
Buy a honda goldwing. Honda calls
Calls on your commute though
Must suck
Reach ATH again
Bought more in 32 so yes please let me have money back smh
Took a tiny hit today on some calls, everyone waiting to break even, there's a ceiling on some of these. Not going to wait for my calls to become worthless. Must reinvest.
They say it feels like sucking a dick more than getting blown
Ok, did you aldready recorded the vid?
Sounds like a fuckin win win mate
Someone needs to hold this retard accountable when it hits 40
another bet comment saved
Don't use PLTR as an excuse, HO
Too funny
You have my sword
Sup
Praying for a pump
Maimed and dying in the trench quietly.
gang gang
Reporting for duty. 
MEDIC!!
I cant GUH enough today when looking at these pltr charts
I will and only buy more PLTR at the peaks 
Why yall didnt sell just to consolidate more profit/stock baffles me, you can stay in a  company long term and still look to make money short term. Edit- I cant spell words so idk why I'm even trying
Never sold. Tripled down.
Right here, holding like a champ
How could they be more fucked. They got a printer up their ass
Enjoy brother. 40m people starving in US, but at least you made 5K. Go fucking buy yourself a peleton you'll never use
Cause the banks are going to squeeze him out of his position for what he did to them lol.
Who?
He deletes a lot of his tweets. Doesnt seem abnormal for him.
That's hilarious
The Big Short 2 :  THE BANK STRIKES BACK.
To the absolute maximum tits
I need mo money for more yet. My hold is small, but quite diamond.
My tits have tits with GME written on them.
The worst thing about being on the GME bandwagon is that you need to buy shares like a boomer to make the most of it.
Today starts the squeeze
Up damn near the clavicle.
Loaded to the tits GME APHA QS ACLS & small cap weed. Pew pew pew. Moon moon moon

Full send
trayed
Retarded
We feel fantastic
Feeling fairly sexy
Feeling like this shit needs to moon already so I can cash out lol
Mate that would be mental
I am a drummer and he was fucking terrible, much like his tsla shorting.
Im not sure I could even buy 1M pieces of rice
Legendary
I hope mom doesn't notice it on her bank statement
post pics pls, i cant see lvl 2 data
What software are you using to see this?
A lot more then that bud
You mean 100%?
thats like a double, not bad
  
We should have another paper trading contest on WSB, they're actually very educational.
We did this in my highschool business class like 7 years ago. We were in groups of 3 & I thought it'd be funny to convince the other 2 to put it all on tobacco. Still get a good laugh thinking about it
So just buy stuff that gaps up AH. GG, youre so smart, heres a  on your project
No
Soon you can watch hell erupt in wsb lol
It hasn't even been a week of losses lmao.
Yes it is lol
I genuinely enjoy the company that the retards in here provides. This is perhaps the most wholesome sub on this shitty site
The days fly by when your waiting for your losses to to turn gains...pre market, after market, sell offs, pumps and dumps.
Proof or ban
If Mitch McConnell could just say, "y'know what, I'm almost dead..." -Tokes up a fat doob & realizes the error of his ways.-  "What the hell! Legal weed & stimulus checks for everyone."

Strap on those diamond buttplugs, we're blasting off.

APHA GME QS ACLS to the absolute tittyfucking moon
The market shook out a lot of paper hands. Smart investors have seen it over and over and know when the popular, new stocks are about to rocket to Uranus.
Probably a short taking profits
Is it Cathie fuking wood!?
Pltr vertical integration not only do they make the vaccine they transport, track, and distribute it. Pltr new ruler of America
Yeah I fucking sold yesterday
Why are the up charts red and the down charts green?
Tesla by open: 
THIS\^\^\^ I see TESLA killing it all the way til year-end. Volatile, but killing it regardless. JPMorgan just printed me a ton of tendies, and raised the entry point for S&P funds.
Big bois need some good entry, this game is fucking rigged   
You forgot the burrrry tweet
The most important comment I have ever read on this sub. Mods, pin this
OK selling eveything I own to buy more meme stocks got it
Yeah I was up 4 percent overall mostly because of nio and after 2 days Im back to where I started lmao
Yeah if I knew when to sell I could have easily made 25% gains and still be in the same positions at the same cost avg. Any tips on where to learn?
Nxt time I sell while 60% up instead of bagholding at 30% down three days later
Too late Im horrified
Why would they make the ticker BBW 
ohhhh damn
$10 calls I'm in
Build a bear LMAO
they had good earnings
Balla on a budget
Spending unrealized gains, better lock them profits before you owe on them mcgriddles
Comeback starts today
Talk dirty to me
+ 94,128 shares at 23.75
Tell you man, short squeeze, plus all the funds that have been BTFD the whole way down thanks to Shitron's nonsense...

12/18c $40
I saw only 94k
Where do I see that?
Im 24 and cant imagine being married, let alone having a kid. Thats some 30s shit

Edit: not to mention, divorce rates would probably lower because youre not getting married in your 20s when youre still developing as a person. 30s you are pretty much going steady. 20s is a rollercoaster for many people
My good friend is my age, 31. His oldest kid is 15, youngest is 4. Thats normal where I live, while being unmarried at 31 is weird.
Goldman Sachs: *cuts open Colombian Kilo of coke dives in face first, injects heroine into both arms at the same time* $780 seems reasonable
Wheres the bacon?!?
I fuck with the vibes
Chat room? Dad?
PLTR 40 eod
It used to be a little bit cleaner with actual good suggestions burried, now there's too many subscribers
this is what happens when a meme stock dips like 40% killing 90% of the subs weeklies
Shhhh youre going to wake up the baby
Stop sucking yourself and refresh the post
JFC calm down.
LAZR baby 
Great call at 180% IV

Remarkable plan
FOMO king right here
Bahahah
BLOOD GREEN
Reddit = WSB app
Reddit is just a bunch of simps
Started in race drone building... a little political arguing, and then yeah... never go elsewhere now.
Plz
Early dip as usual and then yes
Mm might pump it just to make him eat poop
Its one guy absolutely obsessed with shitting on PLTR. If he just bought the dip as often as he commentated on it, hed be a millionaire now
Stock price too high IMO
Seriously-love being home and working
Literally my mornings plus letting out the dogs which was a lot better a month ago
This is the way
Been checking Twitter, apparently meeting just ended, dont know much else
Bravo sir, take my upvote
I read the whole thing. 

Upvoted.

BIG SHORT GETS SQUEEZED
This man f...easts
Best fucking move ive seen today
You gettin the cheesy Mac CMac ?
If PLTR goes up before 10:30 Im goin!! if not Im gonna have to hit McDonalds for that 1$. Biscuit 
I told my kids Santa is like their dad

they ain't gonna see Santa until he comes back to make amends 25 years later.

That was like 40 years ago. Im a bad dad.
Its a weirdly consistent cycle. Every 4-8 months someone posts a big look at the millions I have in GME/Ive made from GME, and then theres a bunch of enthusiasm for a short squeeze.
i was gonna say something then i remember you're the salty NIO hater
Its not that I cant hold a conversation its that I cant get interested in one.
& see that those numerous hours equates to making 500$ in the course of a year
Talk about what you like. I can talk 10 hours with my coworkers on stocks but only like 1 min about movies. And if they don't want to then fuckk it
lol i can do both i think youre actually autistic or just socially awkward. if youre young you can change that in two years if u try dw.
Good
Thats the wsb way. You belong here
Easily
Inverse what you want to do always
Soon you will see hell erupt in wsb lol
Ew.
Yeah
Im too terrified to google and figure out what that is
[deleted]
I'm boarded
been wakin up at 3 everyday now fkn me up
HOW DO I GET IT TO STOP
How is that not considered market manipulation? Wtf lol I aint complaining but thats pretty corrupt imo.
Did you see? MS just said they feel NKLA is a strong BUY...no signs of wrongdoing. Very real inventory looks promising.
Shits been green all week somehow 
Lol yup
make a habit of taking a shower at 5:45. kills roughly 15-20 minutes, then by the time you are dried off and dressed, its right about 6:30.
lmfao
Thats a funny way to write 25-26
Rug pull inbound
Do not buy a contract one day exp if its not atleast 2 dollars itm strike
CAN YOU MAKE ME EVEN!!
Not our fault you bought at the top and played weeklies
They're either high on copium or trying to pump and dump because they bought at the top last week
Shhh it's up just fine. The last thing we want is a huge jump up quickly again. Let it slowly grind back up to 25 today then 26 end of week and build some support
Goldman boys just jealous of his massive balls
Yes 
Steak
Lmao
The way it should be
Vote starts soon?
inverse
YES
Source?
Problem with meme stocks is that theyre all frontier trades, all of those valuations are unproven territory and eventually the number of buyers slows down since they dont lure the smart money in, at least at those levels.
I'm an odd man out for this. I bought 500 shares of PLTR because I've worked with them THEN found this sub. Now I have an interactive option gambling forum
Sorry what ticker are you pushing for?
Same..had a 600 call for 12/18 that I sold for a measly $1100 profit.
Diamond hands?
Next time just send a text to yourself. You're guaranteed a reply. Somebody cares
OK bitch. No pun intended.
sounds like a bullish market to me
Seasonal jobs included?
Boolish
Bearish
Bullish af so we'll inexplicably dump 3% today for no reason.
Bullish
FUCK motch gonna see that and cancel stimmy
Carful know somebody who got tape worms  off that and it fucked then up and had them sleepless for 3 days 

And there stomach moving until doctors discovered it
20% would be almost $200B I think you mean $20B
How's that big stim news? Thats lower than the expected range of 1-3 trillion, that's basically bad news tbh to confirm it lower than what was thought
$jets calls?
20% for airlines? Where'd you see that
Snap crackle pop
Fuck Moscow Mitch
Soon please
Youre doing the lords work

Edit: Happy Cake Day 
Happy cake day!!
amazing!
Happy cake day brother.
Thanks and happy cake day. This should be moved to the top
What advice you looking for
OP shitpost
Rub it in why don't you...
He's the cringey uncle at thanksgiving for sure.
Like what
Only for the porn subs.
back to the fapcave here we go
Make a meme out of this and post it
expiring tomorrow
Looking forward to the loss porn tmr
Thats a fact - meme hunters dont care though
they needed a 30% day to break even, what a teaser
Should he an auto ban
lol well for this market any red candle is extremely rare - flash crashes/dumps are a thing of the past my friend. We will never see another stock market dip in our lifetime with the Fed and Yellen behind our backs supporting us
Nobody cares about poors
Its just like aristocratic Europe back in the days
Infinite liquidity >>> Main Street economic conditions.
merge with legacy auto maker, let legacy auto maker become CEO, slip out the back door, go play with your mars toys
Maybe he's straight up telling us it's his simulation.

We could do worse
Holding or selling at open?
All my homies got diamond hands 
Damn right bitch
Yesterday hurttttt

Time running out iirc
The queen bee has been silent as of late and is making us all nervous
do dd

have faith

buy dips
Trust the plan, remember why you bought in the first place. I havent sold shit just bought more. Have faith paduwan and when the sentiment here says the sky is falling, its time to buy.
Dont let greed get the best of you bought in at 15 sold at 28 and bought in at 22 yesterday
I did but I also know I got extremely luck. Grabbed 16 22.5 12/4 calls yesterday dead at close. Already sold 6 for 150% profit and going to let the rest ride out and see what happens!
I made a note yesterday saying " I think this is the bottom but I'm not gonna buy"

Woulda been a nice + 13% and counting.

I said, how would I know what the bottom is I just started trading half a year ago.
Bears in shambles
Ryan Air is more budget than Spirit. They will be 100 occupied quickly an probably already are.
maybe so, but ryan air is a euro only airline. The demand for intra-europe travel will be in a better spot than international travel in 2021.
Sad if true

are we standing by on the stock that is up by 4% this morning?
Need this bread for my pupper
Yeah! Let's mf gooooooo
You've reached **STAGE::2 RETARD**
You took the red pill. The blue one is better (and gives you a boner).
I woulda done it anyway.
Same
Profit taking at open is going to drop it back under $22 before it would climb anymore. Prepare the diamond hands.
Just cuz he changed gender that doesn't make me automatically gay.
Does he have one?
Needed this
Thanks dad
Thanks dad
U too
Thanks son
Keep the faith
>Reply

only 1 CONTRACT is a huge NO for me on all options....gotta get 3 or more contracts, so I can lower my RISK by taking partial profits.
I heard the vote is getting extended
AAPL goes up 30 cents and yall think its going to go up 5 bucks by EOD.
This is literally what you will say about $600
I sold (crying right now) listened to all those idiots saying it was going to 200 after the crash
Bearish

Bought some Dec 4 605 Calls on the dip before the close last night.

Expected some AH action, but not this.
Just bought TSLA...NIO needs a break due to bill signage today
Same. good luck.
Why
lets hope so
i think we're good up to $26
I dont even think it'll reach 25
Tenders?!? I want TENDIES! 
Prob means there gonna sell high then short it post s and p
Im fighting for my fucking life
I finally did some reading on GME this morning and am getting in.
Buying the stonk that increases the most today is literally free money.
Quite
One is not like the other...
Scroll too far for my  gang
fuck you, I bought the wrong dip $28.46
Lets gooooo
back to even but 5 years taken off your life from stress
Did you learn anything lol
What was the 1k>15k play?
Congrats
Im trying to get my money back which is slowly happening lol
OKTA gang boi
yes
CRWD 
will do as soon as aapl wakes the fuck up
+200 on SPY $366 C 12/31 bought yesterday morning 
+220 on TSLA $590 C 12/4 bought at 8:44 sold at 8:46 (central time)
Yes riding my boing boi
Gambling addiction. It'll turn out fine. Those addicted to crack always have a little. You're addicted to money so you'll always have a little.
Delete the app from the home screen and enjoy life. Set price alarm to 100$ so you dont lose track of tendie land.
Just checked after working all morning and oh god oh my fucking god
Sounds like you need to start a YouTube channel
Pltr 30c 12/4
This is the way
do it
Ya this is the way Im switching after this Elon Tesla play
BA is the way
Boomer stocks for reopening, tech for stay at home for me
He always deletes his tweets. Nothing special bout it
Add another body to the count.
Weak af.
Lol
definitely share gang for the next 10 to 20 years. Will be the market leader in an industry with TAM of about $135b. Expecting that to grow exponentially as well.
Yeah I've been buying on the way down, but shares for now. Too early to say that it won't just go all the way to $5.
$19 is the correct timing.
Gay
The website is very nice thought
I'm going to get a bunch of badger preorders and give them out as Christmas gifts this year.
Kind of bittersweet my 130c 01/15/2020 AAPL calls are still -66% but better than -90% I guess
Bought 1/31 calls 2 weeks ago for pennies on the dollar. Gonna cash out Christmas Day and buy 200 mcchickens for the homeless in my city

Edit: up 300% for now
Rycey actually surprised me with the slash yesterday. The funny thing is that all the penny stock subs are talking about every other bullshit company and over looking this legit one.
nniiccee
100 more days like this and I can gtfo!
You can't pump something that's so deflated.
Pig snort more like pug snot
Blue ball the shit out of everyone at open
Still going to get IV crushed lmfao.

Those options are priced for like a 8% daily move
That was me, wasnt retarded on Monday
I feel like being cash for an extended period of time is even worse.
I feel you, I sold AMD at 3.01 for a .27 rise. Id be a millionaire right now if I had just left the damn thing alone.
Lol. I sold 20k shares AMD at $5.50. Don't feel so bad.
Your wifes boyfriend must have been pissed
Hold those beanie babies, some hipsters will make them famous again.
"Christmas is C0m1ng!"
Never seen them get so political. Dude's right though, dems should've taken what they could get
Rick Santelli!. 'nuff said
ye
What's in it?
Was obvious wasnt it?
Put your helmet on my guy.
Me irl
Jobless and unemployment numbers are a sham anyway. Terrible way for people to decipher whats actually happening.
please go brrrr Mr printer
Market cap is bigger than a lot of people think
Well the Volume is 150m on a day.
What makes you say that
Gap up, Gap up, cause it's on

P-L-T-R and me, the Warren to the B
I thought they did peanuts
Please
Allow
Lunar
Access
Now. 

The
Idiot
Retards
Schedule a fake meeting every day from 9:15-10:00 so you're marked as busy.
TSLA is unstoppable. Astronauts, report to the launchpad. 
especially after you chased the ask while it moons then it reverses as soon as your order gets filled

Yes pls been waiting for so long! (Two days)
This was by design.
Up 11% last I checked, hell yes.
If naked that those are some big balls
mods: please flair this guy with `PandemicCruise` or something like that
Hold my friend. Im a week this will be well above 30 again
Peak's the moon
Thank you for your sacrifice
WSB doesn't know how to hold.
Honestly diamond hands are cool and all but anyone who held through last week is a jackass. Could have sold and re entered and made bank
you're not a loser, you're a retard.
well you're not good at this, what did you expect?
Whats your strat?
Good job
Most of the time
why would you say "formed a formation" just say formed
Upvote bc that made me laugh
Modern problems require modern solutions
gf got fired 2 weeks ago. found new job 3 days later, old company screwed now that she can't train replacement.  obviously a meaningless statistic. but everytime i've lost a job. 2008 , 2014? it's taken me like 6 months. So maybe I just suck.
Priced in
nobody cares
Thats a nice name tho
Funny thing, the founder was obssessed with LOTR and named every company he founded in some way or another a fantasy LOTR name.
where do i sign FOMO YOLO PLTR
I have no more left to lose
Get started on the weed bill
If it gets passed, I sure hope someone rolls up a tight fatty in its pages and sparks one up on capital hill.
Extension is neutral. Deals get extended usually for one of two reasons: closing folks are busy, or they need more time for regulatory compliance. Given congresss vote yesterday, theyre likely building in time to check compliance
If it gets extended, does that mean the price goes down?
I'm stop lossed to the tits
an extension of WHAT?
Timmy!
I fucking hope so. Daddy needs some hope. If the stock market wants more of my money Im gonna have to make some back first.
Tesla calls ARE my portfolio.
Nibba I called it early yesterday, CNBC now after 5%runup
Also says they see it as a 5-10 year hold.  Not exactly the type of play your average WSB user is looking for...
Hopefully you learned your lesson retard
Sold my Tsla $455 2/19 2 days ago. Looking at going back in for same expiry around $770.
Ugh same Im so mad
Sorry dude...
You can always get back on board the TSLA rocket...just don't buy weeklies
I think its shortsellers closing their Position
Cant fix stupid

Bosch sold their stake on Dec 1, because NKLA tried to double cross them with GM. Now they are losin both partners lol. Reduced their stake to 4.9% so that they (thats my guess) are below 5% and can now sell without filing anything (?).
Burry deleted tweet haha
Short squeeze
Sus as f. In the late 90s, I used to get excited every time gs upgraded one of my stocks. Then I learned that stocks go down when those gs fuckers upgrade them

The trick still works because there are always new players
My brother,  may i invite you to join thetagang?
Sell puts on where you would like to own the stock. If you never get assigned aw well.
Can't beat the feds in this cool, legal market /s.
It's gonna do the same shit again. Premarket gains will evaporate in an hour and it'll be drill team 6 causing my chest pain for the rest of the day
Got a bunch of 5 dollar calls yesterday.

Let's go!
Like Im holding these bags, baby!
Confident
Reading that in my head made me LOL.
Don't worry, they'll just move to a state that hadn't been fucked up yet and vote for the same exact policies again
They voted for that government, so should be happy with whats happening to them.
Why whats going on
the 3000s
700.01 EOD confirmed
Its cause the 600s contain potential for 696.9 price so stonk gets PE and blows its load early
I made out pretty good with puts on bAtTeRy DaY.
it means stocks go up. When the dollar is up, more investors tend to go cash gang since its more valuable. It works the other way around too
Up bigly
Pamp it
Stocks go uppies
Ath
They will keep going up?
Dollar tanking means stonks and other assets go up, as well as exports become more attractive. However it makes it more difficult to repay foreign debt. As theres still demand for petrodollar, its I guess ok. But in 10 years.. well...
Uppy wuppies.
They go up because NOWHERE IS SAFE
Who gives a fuck we dont print more brrrrr
Fuck the dollar
Thats a bit of a stretch but you have nothing if you dont have goals, right...?
Would be happy with 610
610. Check out the volume on those 600,610c + price upgrade. Im not holding anything though.
615-630. Definitely usurping the ATH.
My portfolio is too diverse

Best quote to show off what this sub is all about
Same bro
Same. Paper handed cause of Burrys tweet...I didn't feel comfortable holding too long
AMD about to pull out a magic trick and zoom to $100 without anyone even realIzing mark my words
Waiting for the day it goes up 40 bucks at open instead of down
Why????
70 end of next week
When people learn how unemployment numbers work it shocks them.  It's such a bullshit number.
Bless whoever hit back in the day
psychology explains why you feel that way: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learned\_helplessness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learned_helplessness)

fortunately it's just how you feel, we're about to fucking springboard, we have a low float and short interest has to be high at this point
PLTR is a long hold, Will be 100$ stock in the future. I love you.
Sure mate, if I can start over from march
Absolutely.  The IRS will subsidize the value of your loss with a tax break.
Im a peacock. Let me fly!
I bought calls for 48$ when it was 41$ yesterday :)
Easily
Try next week Friday
Buy now or possible dippies inbound?
Lmfaoo always happens
Back to 560 by 9:31
People always give robinhood shit but always look the other way when it comes to other platforms
Why do you say that?
Very well could be
Yurrrrr
Still getting fucked
Green Gang gonna roll into tendies 2021
What dip
Wasnt that yesterday
Found the buy high sell low guy
dip was in September brother
What is it
whats the headline
That's MM making sure it doesn't raise
Shhh
 : [Kenny Loggins - Danger Zone ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yK0P1Bk8Cx4)  [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yK0P1Bk8Cx4) 2:22 / 3:33     
That would literally rip the market in half
lol. imagine that happening. everybody in the world would fucking lose it.
you too!
I bet if it hits 26 you'll sell
I sold those to you ;)
More like 40
that would be a 40% increase in 2 days lol
Ez.
35*
Fuck us all the way back down to 18 lmao
Probably yeh, lmao
I guess when their -90% portfolios go to -78% its cause for celebration 
Yes you did, like alot
If is too high on calls, so I picked up shares at R22.5 and sold some calls
Wat do you suggest. Time?
Imagine being the retard that thought, one more day, before picking up calls. Damn.
it fucking better!
No
Sold half of my 22.5 12/4 FDs I bought at close yesterday for 100% profit. Letting the other half ride as I think we may pop off to 25-26 before end of week
Better delete your account and bury those options in your mattress so you dont watch those gains every day.
I fucking hate myself ...
It's crossed 25!!!!

Yes, but for me it's because i get to baghold horribly red shares instead of losing all my money within 5 minutes.
This is THE way!
Same 
Green again on my 12/31 26Cs.  I'm happy.
they made their money.  They probably don't care now.
Its a headless chicken... giving its last steps before it dies....killed my account
It's been hitting it's head on a downsloping trend line every day since it's high on 11/24 at 57.2
Looks like it needs time off.
Doubtful.
Got a link to any tweet, video, or press release?
Sauce?
source?
Lets gooo. Thicc  bois
Looks like it bottom out.
Give it an hour or two
haha paper hands.
Yea holy shit was that a mistake
Sold Nio on Monday!
   :(
damn, i dont want to know what you were down
The cuck meme is dumb, drop it
"airplane" stock lol... it's airline. But yea I'm in BA and SAVE AIRPLANE STOCKS are back in town baby! Now if they were getting killed I wouldn't be laughing...
I'm holding til we go back to ATH. it may take long but worth it
Im going to sit they will only go up once it gets back to normal. Might take a year but they still 50% of what they were
whens the APX.T merger?
Imagine panic buying like me this morning
:(
A young me would've sold my shares for a loss after yesterday's massive drop

A wise me bought 300 more shares at a discount yesterday and was ready to buy more today if it dropped further
fuck all the paper hands, let them buy back in when we hit new ATH
meh, can't break 25 resistance.
Thats the way
Damn straight
thats the spirit
this says otherwise: https://i.redd.it/4xvlaqwzdts11.jpg
Oh bby
10 minutes after open , *TSLA Hits 550*
I used to play roulette like that. Numbers gotta hit eventually
thats why we are all here
DUH
Give it 12 months.
Fucking captain obvious over here
That's one bendy dick
Everything outside of the U.S.A. is socialism dont even bother changing my mind.
Youre a short seller dude quit trying to fearmonger it wont matter anyways everyones already aware that NIO and Xpeng comply with the bill already and NIO gets audited by the same people that do Tesla in Shanghai. Boomers and illiterates already sold off, you might get a dip but we ending the day green. Good luck
I got out with 80% profit.
Why are they so many 12-mo price targets in the $100-$300 range? I guess the entire world is delusional. Shouldn't have played weeklies pal
Btw Im not trapped I know some people are but I got in under 20 so idgaf honestly dude long term this stock wins.  
Have to agree with this guy.

I got out at $52 when Shitron shorted it and havent looked back since.

Dicks out for PLTR
bought at 18, sold at 28, bought yesterday at 21. Read what the sub does and do the oppositeee
Never lost the faith
With the recent analyst upgrades, it really should soon. People are so obsessed over Pltr, they are missing this diamond in the rough
Yes. I legit had a dream PLTR was going above 33 the day after the massive short announcements. Wasn't worried about my stake. If it doesn't go up by Dec 4 then I will deffinately lose about 6.5k. And if it doesn't go up at all from now til jan 15 2021 ill lose the other 32k. I've heard of good dreams being translated as something bad will happen tho. Like a dream of a family member giving birth meaning someone in the family is actually ded.. so if we can collectively dream about pltr dying then theres a superstitious possibility that it will do the opposite.
Was it wet?  Then yes.
Its the same shit with kandi and nio lol
Honestly any EV besides Tesla is still potentially the next NKLA. None of them are profitable.
I got nothing against them. Killed it on their merger. My issue is SP drilled to the other side of the planet.
My body is ready
Mm your far off more like a moon mission will be commenced at 9:30
your balls are smart
Whered you get those numbers Im curious
I think the clue is in the phrase  over leverage
work yourself up with medium leverage numb nuts
10% day at least hopefully
Bullish af, they said they r aware of the new rule and have become compliant over the past few months so they r willing to play ball
Getting March or may calls at open
Was hoping to buy since I missed yesterdays drop
Just protect the candle from being blown off, NIO will be fine
Nio only going up from here, I feel bad for everyone who panic sold
Mid december
this is the way man... Up 3k in shares, down 4k in calls that are 12/4    12/11    1/18

&#x200B;

fuck them whiners
SIR !!! This is a financial sub and homosexual dating sub ONLY !!!

U come here to get your cock and stocks 

Nothing more nothing less
I would cum
What happened?
My calls are hoping for 5% today
Bought it today after I saw the top investor on tipranks recommended it.

Already up 10%
True
Some kind of news?
start losing money
> I have a job

That's your first problem.
Gamblers Anonymous
work from home
Buy long
Sell puts then forget about them until expiration
Its a tough balance
No freaking clue...  there is a vote for extension today and I dont know how this thing is going to react.
Slut
Well get news at 10:30 right?
yeah what exactly is going on
Yes
Mods
Cause boomer stock
It takes a lot to move a bigger rock like Pfizer than a smaller rock like Moderna
those are gonna print bigly
Everybody begs for a mooning stock to dip, then when it does no one wants to buy in
AMEN
 
They get what they fucking deserve.
PLTR bears made 50% in two days and covered, meanwhile PLTR 40c from FD buyers are absolutely fukt 
fun to watch them crash and burn later today
not enough
You can't be that retarded
RIP
I have 12/11 25 c
Fucking Bernie Sanders at it again
autistic social engineering
Did the same thing, Im a 
yesterday lol
You'll be fine but yes this stock seems obsessed with being as dramatic as possible.   I've got $33C for May 2021.
Bigly
22c 3/19 hoping the same
Me too! Haha
Just hold on bud
it needs a fucking miracle or a catalyst
[deleted]
Yeah that's a lot to ask for ngl lol
I am looking more at the call volume at 25 expiring friday. Clear peak that is the target.
Its doing that thing where my calls and puts are both red.
Never forget the pre-split pin at 499.99
and the balls
The second is somehow better than the first
Weeklies?
 @ uninstalls the app
Run
hold just a little bit more I think, I think its testing upper limits again
Yes
still thicc, still b
they drinking coffee rn, and then will decide.
slow going
Any chart patterns you see indicating this or was this just gut feeling lol
Tel me about it dude. The market is literally a retard
Bruh Pfizer can cure cancer and it will dip. Stay away from that boomer stock. It literally only goes down. Its like the RKT of boomer stocks
This is an incredible idea
Got mine 
You dont know when the peak is retard
Yes, shares, short squeeze is incipient.
Yep. $16 floor just confirmed again.
Yes
shares. It'll go up after earnings, either it's a good earnings, or RC makes a move, both will go green, both have a chance of triggering the mega squeeze, but it also might take a few weeks to really start coming apart for the shorts, timing will be hard, buying shares before earnings is really the way to go about it, unless you wanna do leaps.
earnings are gonna suck right?
meh
very
Too fat
Been stuck there for weeks...should be running out of sellers soon, right?...right?
the thing about the market is the fuse on the bomb could be 3 seconds or it could be 3 months
Consolidating at 16. Look at monthly chart, is about to rocket over 20 temporarily and then another consolidation phase
probably because recent announcement that we will be able to vaccinate 100million people by end of Feb.  That means this postponement of sail will probably be the last (as oppose to indefinitely before).
Borrow desk shows no covering necessary today, or so im told.  Probally drop a little more. Id say 20+ after earnings
That would mean less shorts?
Listen to this man
Which ones are you watching closest?
Same 

*High five*
Ode to an Autist
Live in Michigan. Can confirm, it sucks.
Way too much to read chief. 1 or 2 sentences tops
I hope so. Been a rough week
The first one came out to I think 24,000 per American. We got 1200 a piece. Imagine putting up with that.
Hahaha that dumd super rich hoe
Its almost like it was political
They can agree now that the election is over
Art of the deal
but but reddit told me it was bitch mcconnell acting in bad faith!?!?
Biden us going to be President now. 900B will just be another round of stimmy
Logic doesnt work here please take that up with the people that like making money they might listen
Nice, see you tomorrow
Proof
Thats me!  These 12/4 40c are going to print!
yeah, anyone who got in late last week, oof.   
i got in @ ipo. enjoying the (bumpy) rollercoaster. :D
Why? Bought the dip yesterday. Making some money in the AM regardless.
I mean I got shares at $20.7, I'm good lol. Holding this long term, would have probably bought more if it went below that.
this guy sleeps. ha.
Buy calls
My one 12/4 25c would like that
Yes, and I dont think it passes the senate but itll make it through the house
It will most likely pass at which point McConnell will immediately say fuck that and strike it down, or put it on his desk where it will remain permanently until forgotten. Zero chance it becomes federal law.
I am pretty sure its to federally decriminalize it. States can then decide without federal interference. Even if it  passes it doesnt seem to change much
Yea the stoners are silly thinking its not dead on arrival
M. Burry has entered the chat
Dogshit company products suck
GME GME GME
We still here.
Sure enough. My biggest position. 
Im with you on this. SQ is in a much better position than PYPL going forward (cash app alone), its undervalued.
Pack your bags I just lost the house
Hype is a killer
People start talking about sell offs after hitting ATH every other day. Dont fight the pump.
 
PHPF


Paper Handed Pussy Farts
The big Tesla
The contracts are voided?!?
It basically said he likes Tesla, but hes going short and they should do an offering (lol the balls on this gay bear) to take advantage of their way over inflated share price.
I fucking hate how they have that expanded related search when hover to trick you into clicking it. When you actually wanted the one below.
I use Firefox and duckduckgo, fuck google.
The search engine world is waiting for an add free mostly organic search like back in the early 2000s
DuckDuckGo?
Until we reach the moon. 
I want to cash out at 30 but Ill settle for 27
Could be a multi year hold, looking at 50+ if they can secure a deal with a legacy car company or Tesla
I'd probably aim for 24-25 but once it gets around 23 I'll sell if it gets to 21.5
NKLA up premarket wtf
Potential greatest scheme of the 2000s?
Yet somehow the stock will see a 3% gain.  If something even remotely close happened to TSLA wed see a 20% drop. Lol
Its foolproof, learn English
Foolproof lol
Which ticker?  I got lots of cash homey
Agreed but sometimes the stock you want might moonshot above the put strike price & you miss out on those gains you would have gotten if you just bought the shares
it'll probably work out
Hold! It will be up Monday
Never doubt Papa Elon
TSLA loves drama...hold strong and you'll recover.
Im 100% Tesla but cant handle the options. Its too stressful
Algo driven only fools are capable of riding the wave.
How is that new for TSLA? You new here?
I was so fucking happy it got back down... was waiting with cash burning a hole in my pocket for a few days there.
Yeah that is how delta works
Pre market already up 28%. 
Bruh its up .49% pm
Got in at 36.72 you think I should buy more?
Dont tell it to stop
There's going to probably be a solid rebound to 24/25 and consolidate there is what I'm thinking. But I also have 15 12/14 22.5 calls I bought at 3:59 yesterday so I may or may not be biased :)
Yes, it'll be over 124.39
Boomers gonna take some profit at open. It's not too late
TSX:AC +76% last month
You mean it wasn't last week, but rather just now?
Read this as "bullshit press".  I think I need glasses.
all in for this, but they'll split when it reaches 2k in a year or two. Hold me to it.
It was part of the meme stock bubble burst
Slight correction
Wonder how long hes going to wait to sell his shares
keep talking
EOW for sure.
on the Hong Kong stock exchange
Hopefully 52 for NIO
NIO $60 EOD
Nio
Not kndi. Wheres the response to the short report?!?
590 then 610-20
Whole subreddit is up Pltr's ass. But Ya, crsr are the suckers here
i got 50 shares, wish I got 100 instead but didn't think it would start recovering this quickly.
Absolutely no logic in this market, Ive quit trying to rationalize
Making me money too!
Market is about sentiment lol. Covid nearing the end and vaccine almost here? Time to start getting on cruises, baby!
Donate all trades next week to charity. Steal all losses from local charity.
TSLA 1/15/21 800c
So were gonna swap each others bags then?
Classic
why?
100
[X](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUB-wjXUREE&ab_channel=diplol)
I hope so
Today and tomorrow I reckon
Robinhood says "Investing" at the top of the screen but idk
Trading
yes
I'm investing in lottery tickets
This is a comment
HR is there to protect the company, not you

HR is often ultra woke so fuck them 
Because they are robots.
HR exists to protect the company from you. You are talking to someone the company trained in a very narrow legal focus, who could not afford law school.
Biggest bootlickers in conference room

Fake low-volume dump, I hope...
DRAIN THE SWAMP
You're doing a good enough job of that on your own.
My time to shine.
Gotta make up for lost time. BABA GANG
Yep just waiting.
Here's how Bernie can still win
First time I laughed since buying into it
Im waiting
No Im retarded too
I'm buying calls on your super power IPO
MMs in, back to the moon
Itll come
)))
Dont
nooothing about pltr is healthy, it's an american biscuit dipped in chocolate and deep fat fried
Hehehe yes I did it
The MMs strike back
So proud of you for holding VALE BRO
My Dec 14 call on the other hand
what about 12/11 $40c? 
What about my 39c? LOL

fuck

Its outta here dont worry
Try stocking up on shares. No expiration dates and no theta rape is so nice
Leaps, like middle ground options stocks
The promised day is coming
Within reach but across the room and hes too fucking lazy to get off the couch
Yep lmao
Good since I sold them
Uhh is it my calls are negative
We love some space companies
they want to cuck everyone who has calls options expiring 12/4
muh LAZR guns shoot 
Where is he?
Can I pull it out before he finishes in my mouth?
Time and place and I"ll be there.
I'd let him impregnate my first born
I don't think you understand how poor we are.
End of day ?
I still think there's hope for $40 Friday 
Same man, every day I said Ill load up on leaps and just ended up buying other crap
don't you think we're still dangerously high
Jesus
world revolves around connections not morality
Agreed, literal insult lol luckily I'm not starving for a $1200 crum anymore
Congrats!
Meeting started at 10, takes some time
Someone will need to buy it first, not so easy.
MMs must hate you
Lol I had June ba leaps in august that I sold for $20 profit
I wanna buy MJ but Im too broke rn
yessir, think its gonna moon when the house passes the weed bill and all these average ppl buy weed stocks
I'm holding a ton of APHA, ACB, and SN'DL. Praying this vote makes it through the house today.
CGC 1/15/21 $17.5c... since September. Up 800%, waiting for this vote 
Earnings next week, pretty sure they shaking ppl out
Short squeeze is tmorrow
yeah, it's really unlikely to happen pre-earnings, after that it all depends on earnings and RC
we knew from the start is was gonna take a while. Could be months. Nobody knows but its coming is all that matters
Holding 100 shares until the Q4 (March) earnings since itll have the next gen console sales
GME short squeeze already happened. Why does everyone seem to think its going to happen again?
17C going brrrrrrrrrr
Samsies. Also with BA
got into AAL, BA & DAL yesterday
Sir. Are you lost?
Sir, this is a casino
Yes, make sure to buy on days where it is already up 10% so we can get some more loss porn up in here
That guy calling 15.80 bounce...
TA is basically astrology. sometimes you are wrong, sometimes you are right (aha i told you so)
Nope need to see loss porn. Its the only way people learn
Account age 1 month. Only active on wsb. No posts. Calling major bullshit.
Im only sad all of my buys didnt go through. I had so many lotto tickets on CCL. They are PRINTING today.
Nice steady gains until the unlock
This is the why to do it
switch to green tea lol
Eat something first
Eat more fiber brah. I drink coffee and have one magnificent shit that cleans out the system and then Im a new man ready to take on the day
Youre not alone.
You secretly like it, admit it
Source?
Hibernating until 11:00 pm tonight
Theyll probably get back on that trai next week lol
Got burnt
):
Theres prob kids on here who dont even understand that reference!
Most of us here were born after 9/11. Go to bed Grandpa.
I've tried plant based meats. Meh.
Yea, Ive heard of it
Mitch killed it
It was just refueling bby. Strap in boiss
Forgot 
A lot of weeklies here so you have to understand their knee jerk reaction.
Will be 200% when the dump happens tomorrow
They also have 900 patents on every conceivable way of doing what they do....most likely realized through using their own programs so competition will be nil.
BRRRRR
So life as we know it is over. But tendies
This is the way
Honk
Does that mean my 23p still has a chance all the way at the end?
with you, wayyyy too much cuckoldry going on around here with a lot of talk and claim with no walk to back it up. This place is now literally filled with children who will say anything to look cool. There used to be meaning behind unfathomably dumb bets now they're like "if PLTR hits 30 I'll tell my mom I love her" what??
mods made me a shadow mod for the daily thread

it's a pretty powerful position, so i'll can see what i can do

your are welcome
Aren't you that annoying chess spam guy?
I have no real authority either but I would like to nominate you
I know the old mod team was gayer than this mod team but the "All debts must be paid" posts were pretty hilarious
Stock-homie syndrome
I'm not buying in again unless it gets below 19.
I havent been here in a while since I last got wiped out. A friend suggested I buy pltr, mainly bc of the board and the function of the company. so I got in at $14 when I couldnt stand to hear him talk about his gains after he got in at $9. I sold half my shares at $19 thinking, holy cow! That was quick and easy.

IM BACK BUYIN FDS THO
$10  lol
The lower the share price gets, the closer they become! Its not ogre just yet. Question is why dont they send the CIA on his ass
first time?

However you're trying to time it you will get fucked. Stand down and stand by
Tempted to sell at open
looks like a trap to me
I think PLTR is filing for bankruptcy soon
Wall street bets was on the streets... trying to consume
Citron : 
Amber lamps
Good job sir
Calls at close yesterday was such an easy fucking play
Yeah the trend of mooning every single day
Roko's Crazy Hair
Spreads. Buy 600 sell 605. You're risking around $100/contract for a $500 max gain
I'm in the exact same boat as you
Predicting TSLA would break the simulator so we're not allowed
Sell buy
Don't think there will be much of a dip at open today.  Too much momentum off of the GS upgrade.  We may get a dip *later* in the day, but at a much higher price point.
2DTE. Cheap OTM premiums. Stonk shot up $20 AH. PT increase. FOMO mode engaged. 

Just hold.
Dividend
They're diluting their shares and also issuing more bonds
Ticker?
For my sake hope you get there. Article yesterday looks like they are getting great feedback from wegmans and CAT.  Healys been quiet, i expect an announcement in near future and this will take off
369.6969
Flat till Monday then 370+
Sell it as soon as you see a profit. I had calls all the way from May when I realized their vaccine would be the top. The stock has barely moved at all on all the hype. Everyone already knows the vaccine is getting approved - FDA has no choice at this point - even if the vaccine caused ppl's dicks to fall off, they will approve it. So, it's all priced in. The stock barely moves on good news but tanks hard on the smallest bad news.

However, PFE is a solid company who just has a bad history of crappy pipeline drugs. They have the same market cap, rev, stats as most other big pharma but their share price is like 1/10 of what it should be. In recent years, with the new CEO's strat, their pipeline is now looking pretty good and the next 5 years should see a nice increase in their share price. If you're the type to invest long-term.
Nah youre fine
Way to go. Makes no sense to sell now.
Gotta feel bad for them Indian dudes. Got brains but no gf.
Think quietly
Just bought yesterday at 40. Going to double down every time it's below 35, and I think it's going there. Still not as overvalued as Tesla though
Im with you on this man but the stock got upgraded by some of the most stingy conservative low balling analysts and everything is pointing towards going up. The panic selling was already extreme as all hell so idk how much lower it could really go. I think people want back in knowing it a golden ticket
to go down like in March
Game pass is legit, playing through fallen order now
$SNE locked and loaded
Depends on the price lol
what if...the dollar rallies as a haven currency and metals eat shit?

&#x200B;

edit: possibly further compounded by brexit failure/hiccups and a drop in sterling relative to usd
The squeeze is coming possibly Monday or Tuesday: I fucking hope.
Very optimistic but it is a long play. May take a couple months.
Meanwhile here in Florida it's business as usual
Can you run or jog? 
Just waiting for everyones 12/4C to expire then to the moon
80 EOY
Nah. Go up 25% today
Lol same
Bone broth is soothing for the digestive tract
Which is why I don't trade any of this trash!
I think a lot of people stopped in September after that crash cause better things to play have popped up. Back in July/August thats all I bought really. Buy a call or two next couple days already be up 100% lmao good times
Its expensive as fu k
Spy is dominated by algos, youre almost guaranteed to lose in the long run making options bets on it.
Choke her
pull out and move on
Tell her boyfriend to keep doing what hes doing.
Kirk Cousins nightly routine
Yeash
Are you in Minnesota?
How you'd respond to any 12 year old, obviously.
Don't ask in the first place
Thanks mom
Good sex should be obvious. Both your question and her response are awful.
unless u can see into the future everything is a "what if "
Something to be said for planning your entry and exit points. I dont do it. But something to be said for it.
Meme status rising
Fucking a almost yolod
If its still around by the end it probably wont be at 0?
Careful  by 2021 they might know how to build the exterior. 2027 they might understand hydrogen tech! NKLA 1000$ soon
I hope it's gonna break history by being the first company to have a negative sign in front of their stock price
I sold my $25P for gains when it wasn't breaking past $17 for hours and bought some $18P yesterday after the bounce. That it is still green is stupid.
Hydrogen and shit bro - they got the best 3d designers in the world and their truck can roll down a hill under its own power
lmao never change wsb
Evercore isi
It was downgrade by someone
Here, you dropped this 
Hang in there
Retarted strong baby 
You ever fought someone whos retarted? The strength and determination is nothing to be fucked with
To the moon
As high as Snoop Dogg
 >  > 
Do you think now is a good time to get in or will it crash after this pump?
thats a lie and you know it
Always new blood. 10,000 new retail traders a day, most young white guys. Why do you think weed is back on the menu? The companies arent the reason. ACB might be entirely run by manic stoners. 

Either way, the sausage machine needs meat and it keeps getting more.
Trust me, we will always have millions of new retards.
There's a never ending line. Commissiom free fractional share trading over simplified apps is new. Our kids will be doing it too
We just need population growth
Exactly so pray for that stimmy
whats the strike
dude thats tomorrow.
Have we factored the amount of remaining jobs into this calculation? At some point we look better because theres no more jobs to cut lol
you should buy them back at the open while they're cheaper than you sold em for and then use the gains to buy 12/18 22p and then roll the gains from that into a block of shares
dude you are a fucking genius!
I literally dont care why. Just legalize it already.
And its surprising to you that money moves the world?
It's just decriminalization isn't it? Or is it full on legalization?
This is the way. 3D printing leaders & ARKK invested
Be nice if they stopped the offerings... They had like three this year.
I am raising my price target on corsair to 70$
This is the way
3/19/21 $135.
The worst experience. Pure mania, want to learn it all, only to crash 8 hours later with the most hoarse voice on the planet.
Not real cool IMO. I like speed to be REALLY speedy. Those make me feel awake, but not the intense amount of energy. Good old west coast pink champagne meth was always my favorite speed.
Feels like your mind is a laser
You get an insane level of focus and mental clarity for 6-7 hours, feels like you can complete any task with ease, and you do it all and more. Then the high wears off and you spend the next 3 hours figuring out wtf you wrote.
Unsustainable, anything more than 3 times a month is messing with brain chemistry
I dont need it and take it for work/trading at work everyday. Just fucking in the zone and locked in, super alert but the come down is awful
As if anyone needs an amphetamine to function. You Americans amuse the fuck out of me with your mental illnesses hahaha. Then doctors be fleecing  pockets out there.
Where can I get this?
poop-de-woop
Were you not here in March?
Well done. I held shares at 40
no
I will take a flat day over whats happened this week.
BINGO...damn, VERY quick recovery....
Ready sir!
rip dollars.
Not after Q4 2018
Arkk
it's spelt PLTR or alternatively GME
GME, BB, PLTR, TSLA among others are just variations in the MEME ticker
Just bought pre mkt
Must be salty didn't pick up enough shares yesterday on the dump
Still doubled his price target to 59
It will happen for sure, the question is how much
Wdym
I don't want it to tank, but staying under 35 would save my shares. (That I sold calls on)
Oof then youre in the wrong company
You just need May calls and you'll be fine!

Sipping Tai sticks while waiting for the rocket ship to leave but I have unlimited (6 monthsish) time and unlimited weed yes sir the stress free life is the life for me
Welcome to my world.
What you buying today
700k new filings is *still bad*, regardless of whether it's slightly less bad

house is still flooded, but the tide may have gone out a little, and the hurricane is still overhead
CNN and MSNBC are the absolute worst fear mongering heaps of shit
CNN is entertainment with a politics theme. Its not news.
Fake news was the only thing  was right about
1.60 in about 5 min
But that would take the advantage away from the sharks that prey on those RH guys!
WHY WERE GREEN?!
Shes been holding out for way too long
Its kind of sad.  Welcome to the US of fucking A
10am est 
No thanks
Lol no
is right now better than last week?
Smokes weed, invests in weed company. That's enuff DD
Apha
Woah youre so cool. I take shits every day maybe I should invest in BBBY
Then I have to gib the damn gobermimt 25% of that twenty sense.
Should be fine honestly, im not in NIO but this sell off was caused by a high run up that I think has corrected itself. Good luck
What stock?
This.  So much room to grow considering its way below its pre-covid highs and air travel will boom again in the next year I think.
No kidding... at their tech is weak compared to some others... like Microvision.
I mean it was just released.
wait for it gain traction in here, buy puts
Mom always told me no such thing as happier - so next time you're happy - sell your calls.
PLTR bears are the worst bears
yup, got $25c for 12/18 yesterday, totally glorious
Thats a resistance level well break next hour !!
yeah NIO is rough today. Will probably bleed back up to 48...
Locked in 12% of 40k on gains. So much pain
Same.  Never sold any of my stocks.
Ape together strong
EOD\*
I have read this book before. I don't like the ending
easy

You just need IV to spike higher
This is the way retard
Considering Pltr is about as friendly towards China as Trump, seems unlikely
Think the China buying was yesterday
Jesus have you not realized what they do yet? They short before a report and set a very low price target to tank the price for the short term, they then cover at whatever price they want, probably a few days after, they dont care too much about their price target, thats why they are still going and didnt lose all theyre money shorting TSLA and SHOP
always get slapped down when it approaches 8.5
This is a great idea
What if future you wanted to save you from Bankrupcy !!! 
I didnt even time my nut right
get them the fuck out then

they dont deserve my beautiful pltr
There's faster ways to make money rn
Lulz. Who do you think is gonna take that vaccine?
Vaccine doesnt mean an immediate recovery brother. 2000+ people are gonna die alone today in the us. Theres also a lot of policy changes coming soon.  Why get them at half off when I can get them at 25%
Still near all time lows and govt will forever bail them out even if they fuck up.  WSB don't like anything that's not a weekly doe
Hes gonna lose this one in the short term
https://fintel.io/so/us/pltr

IDK, i don't think a WSB pump would have institutions buying 

over 20 investors there with over 1m in shares
Its just 100 million plus its Peter Thiel stock is going to 100$ next year lets just pump it bro
Just Venmo me half that way you dont lose it all and youre only down 50% instead of 100%.
At least you already know whats gonna happen
Join the club. My ass has been getting blasted all week. My stupid fucking bear brain is convinced this is the top but the top keeps not being the top
Don't worry son, many smart men before you have tried and failed.
What is PLTR?
Sure , if you aren't gonna paper hands it in 3 days
I literally came to post this exact sentence. Its shady as fuck and Im not seeing anything reassuring.
Because you joined the cult now you can't get out they will stalk you and kill you
Because you touch yourself at night.
> because Im down 98% all time

only reason u need
Because you still have that 2% to cover. And we believe in you. Time to lose that final 2% with calls, my friend.
Weed and stimulus pumps title of my autobiography
  licking their wounds
AirBnB IPOs estimated at 40-55/share. I wonder if the price will even be below 100 by the time they are available
Lmfaoo
My 260 calls 30/12 print
SAVE 6/21 picked up yesterday 
Airlines are free money.
Get your bs humblebrag outta here.  Congrats.
remember this was also a year unlike others. don't get too cocky
Bruh.... It was at all time high already....
Buying TSLA dips is always free money.
Because its been bleeding premiums all week?
I'm like 75% TSLA 25% QQQJ. Been a phenominal month.
I feel ya
Sold half of mine yesterday at 16.50, bought them back at 16.05
There she goes againnnn (*there she goes again*)
Yep def something good
Exactly. Options are so volatile in the first 30 minutes you can sell for way higher than later. Options are cheapest like 1 hour before close.
I feel this completely. I used to get emotional with minor swings, and downright suicidal if I held till worthless. Numbness to ups and downs is key to making $$
You forgot losing $50k in a day and not getting $ROPE.
Doesnt matter green today.
Still net loss
Boomer stocks really be like that
Boomer stonk
Apple became a boomer stock
1/15 140c pretty cheap.
Options price is a combination of intrinsic value (based on stock price) and extrinsic value (based on volatility, time decay, etc). Since the stock has been flat for weeks on end implied volatility is low, therefore extrinsic value is low and options prices are therefore low.

Look at IV for meme stocks. PLTR was pushing IV of almost 300% for a while. That's why stocks can sometimes move 10-20% and options may trade flat or still lose money.
Crm probably has better Greeks rn
Why not both
Por que no los dos?
BA all the way.  Rotation from March to October was from travel to tech, next 6 months is going to be reverting to mean.
Aapl fall faster u fool !!
Whens the expiry and strike?
imagine if you put 2k in
MY CCL calls are up $6K today
cruise line stocks??

bullish
That is a nice surprise. Lol
Must be nice
what news
Most people are dumb its to be expected
Yes please
Hopefully. Sell at the peak, buy tomorrow at $16 again
Unfortunately it likely wont have the escape velocity to get out of the gravitational pull of 20
They always do
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
lmao cause theyre all in the red
The shit talk is warranted but usually theres not a good reason behind it besides it just tanked. Like I said, no negative news on the horizon and we just had a huge correction. Im open to seeing the other side but no one has given me an actual response in why it could drop today
How dare you
Buy puts because thats not taking off anywhere haha
im diamond handing until 2050
U wot m8
Thiel aint no Musk.
Fuck 
PLEASE
the WSB consensus is shes hot, right?  Or am I alone in this?  I like her
Oh you got scammed bro 
Take it up with eBay theyll rough up that seller
You can report & get money back
You can get a refund with eBay, let them know youve been scammed. This is why we have PayPal!
I literally got scammed, too. I am waiting for a deadline and then report him and get my money back.
Lets goooooo
Sexy now stfu until I can get my position at open
Lol that would save so many calls
People would die.
I would cry my eyes out
Not happening, at most 25 or 26 to fuck put buyers but not put all those calls from last week back into play.
[deleted]
They better sell or this sub will be about 15 guys
Shut up bear
Im not even on apple and these people are losing their minds

Yep. I bought yesterday.
Stay away I dont want this sub trading what I trade lol
He will only be there for the morning he will fuck off by the afternoon
Take out the beads brah
Dont chase it, there are always other opportunities.
This is why you still have a balance on your account. I've lost over $100k doing exactly what you fear. 90% of options traders fail so you're winning. It's all fun and games until you look back and realize you lost a down payment on a house in the span of 6 months.
Ive yoloed Tesla non stop for like 3months 4K to 24k back to 9k back to 20k its never ending 
I did two days ago. Have a 700c 12/18 Tesla call that has been anywhere from +15% to currently -45%. Im scared
The year my mum dies. As one of only 2 children her life savings and house divvied up between me and my bro should probably make us both a millionaire each.
That would be fantastic
2021
Ah an OG
Lmao I cant wait for him to get kicked off twitter
If it settles, IV will plummet. Youll be right but youll still be wrong.
I can't, but I won't bet against TSLA today.

PT upgrade and a deleted tweet.

This is gonna be fun
I think there are going to be a decent number of active fund managers that BM to the SP at that point who will be desperate for any dip to get in. I don't think it will plunge as hard as people will expect it to, and I think that IV on the put contracts coming into the inclusion date will reflect your and everyone elses expectation of a plunge.
i dont think anyone or anything can sink this market now. May be a literal nuclear war, but otherwise we just gonna keep creeping up.
What did he say
What happned
Bullish
The fact that we still have that many jobs to cut is the most shocking part about this.
Were you the bomber, or did you get blown up?
Richard Fool
1996
Getting higher
most bullish thing I've ever read
Ath
Moon mission
Exp?
#

No they deded
Take profits and move on, can't win them all
There will be a lot of tears tomorrow, too many people bought 12/4C. Once these expire then we are loading that beast up with some rocket fuel.
In for this
I approve.
 gang reporting
Oh snap what Twitter
Prpl?
I just get a list of ~30 stocks I'm interested in and watch them move everyday until I feel like I find a good entry point based on upcoming events or recent price action
Wait, are there other stocks available for trade outside the memefolio?
Ban
Anywhere but here
I cant mention that sub here
It's a cockroach. Shit won't ever leave
Why it's not zero
Yes but not as green as my 12/4 calls. Hoping for a 200%+ day
I would be down for that. If not I am just holding through earnings and the inevitable tank..
Lets get to the 70s then print brrrr
USA will likely b fuk in the next decade or so
I always sell in the morning when Im up and then it continues to moon. I think Im going to try to hold on for once. I have 4 600c 12/4. Could be great if it hits 610
Shouldve done it yesterday but theyll print especially in January with Nio day
My 15k worth of calls that I bought on the dip about to print so hard today
 lady autist here
asl
*dick stiffens*
wsb gal I think is gril but have not been seent lately. Maybe blew up account. 99% dudes here pretty sure
They lurk
Bad news is good for the market.....stimulus......brrrrrrrrr
PLTR calls
Source?
$126
$125.5
$125.50-126. Would love to say $128+ but it just doesnt move that much that quickly.
123.75
125 would be choice 
TSLA
NIO
TSLA on the dip
3%!?! What happened? Begorrah!
Must have finally found that pot of gold.
What about the market crash in Feb
Stuck bag holding PLTR too huh?
Lol 90% of the bitchass webull community. All of these fools were super smug last night, and now they're nowhere to be found.
It never was going to
Spy flaat rest of week
yeppp
How high you think we going
Why drop so much recently?
10am I have been told
Got in yesterday
Everyone
Give me one good reason stranger and Im in
This is how you get tendies and acquire diamond hands!
 
I bought them too late thinking it would keep heading down....
People were insulting him and calling him the n word
fuck he did aswll what a fucking pussy
He does that a lot
Uhhh um full Tesla bull but when GS comes with buy rating and high TP its very bearish
factual
Great I sold my 235c yesterday
get the one I bought 2 weeks ago. 12/31 $131 callllllls
12/24s at 9:45
12/4 130s
I'm buying JAN calls, (don't want to deal with theta decay)...not at open, wait for it to consolidate...like only chase commas said...9:45 to 10:30ish

Hedge with SC or Lp off and on through next couple weeks, take hedge off when not needed.  But, it seems to be a steady climb...I hate Fridays though...so maybe hold some back to add later, or take off half if good run today. then add more if it runs again
LAZR
BB
Yes
Me My hedge fund is shorting it rn and covering slowly to destroy the price sorry
Fuuu...when wsb went private before I was a member of that "other sub" and didnt know what to do with my life for 15 minutes.
Are you Warren buffer?
Really fucking good considering Teslas upgrade
  
It has its ups and downs.
Nio to 150 chinas tesla. Remember Babba?
Primed, choked, ready to run
/u/martymoho now is your chance!
Lol nothing red. You should see my portfolio. 
  
Also RIP SONO and APHA
lol its up less than tesla pre market. what a joke
they make great nudes?
amazon needs to pop today
AMZN needs to split their stock.
you can only own so much of the world it seems
Just remember.  It always does the opposite of what you want it to do.
It could have made sense. We broke 22 support, so I thought we were going to 18, so I bought 19P. My shares are happy its going up though lol
Bulls be celebrating early. Bears be celebrating early. Were all fooked
Yes
love it when small businesses finally get noticed!
We. Love. To. See. It.
That would be fing awesome
Bought calls yesterday.
What time is the vote?
because it worked... for a while :(
Plz stfu until after open thx
they voted in the house to have it presented to the senate or congress or some shit tomorrow
That means they're already smoking! Blood green!
M...marty? W... w...wake up.... WAKE UP MARTYYYYYYY

&#x200B;

Sold approx 70% of my MU holding a week ago, having held for about 2 years :>
Mmm yes
You paper hand retard. Don't come back
You must've been the one with paper hands
you want the stock to rise 100% in the next two days..? they gotta discover a cure for cancer in the next two days
patience
This is why I fuck with ACB more, doesnt matter APHA is probably better, ACB is more memey and larger volume
dude its weed where you been
We got fucked
aapl 125$ EOY easy money
Temporary. Good opportunity to cut losses for many here or take profits.
LET'S GOOOOO!!!!!
hey, stop lying to people
Seems ok baba seems ok now too lmao
Free money
We're November babies. You mean this isn't normal?
Just saw someone comparing Moderna to Pfizer and thought the same thing.
Bought the high right after they first split and had paper hands and sold when it was flat at 420 for months lol
Jacked to the tits.
Probs options expiring
Its the LA shutdown I think. Dont worry, its going back up.
nice
And BB.
BOEY
Those 100c bleeding huh
Yes
Tesla plz
I don't see enough $CCL in the chat. It's literally only been going up for the past month. I'm still somewhat concerned with the huge amount of debt they are carrying, but who knows about the future.
Narrator: "It won't."
GME is literally fine, no one said it would queeze over ngiht. Stay tuned.
I believe you, if volume picks up green!
Thats what Im waiting for man
Will it hit $9 eow?
Same boat but I am probably going to roll it
So u are holding 3 positions ?
50-60
maybe 27 by tomorrow

but back to 30 next week
35
30
33
let your broker calculate...
My shares went from +125% to only 80%. Still big happy no matter what lol
Im a simple man. I see DKNG. I give a like.
12/18
30s feb mar
Well ya if youre a bear. If ur bull just 
You just described 95% of the people in this sub
One of us.
Its the easiest way to make money I have ever seen - buy short dated called on red days and wait for them to print :)
That is a downward trend, the increase is going to have to be larger than the previous drop for it to break even:(
Cus its about to moon! Get in bro
$69.420 ftfy
Jinxed it
15 mins ago?
Like a thicc bee
movement is in the right direction.
Fantastic
Anxious. Waiting on the news.
A bit underwhelming tbh but I'm patient.
My cost basis is really low on this. Only way is 
I feel this everytime I check RH
Shit bro only need like 30 seconds
Real
This isn't a meme company like NKLA, it's real and legit.

This is going to be one of those companies like Google, Facebook, Amazon, and Tesla, where people wish they had heard of it in its early days before it exploded. The difference being when Google, Facebook, and Amazon were in their infancy, there was no Robinhood, trading apps on phones, and WSB full of a million strong discussing companies in live discussions.  This is the big kahuna.
REAL AF
Hope you are right. Bought back into NIO and XPeng.
As a fellow bear, I get it 100%. PLTR calls are switching my orientation. We know that fundamentally the market is fucked but cant time it. 

My the tendies in the sky give you rest.
How much you down?
no coincidence they happen to own millions of shares
Can't lose if you play both sides
I just joined. People paying retard money for fcel contracts lmao
Same
Baseless correlations will get you fucked 99% of the time. Heres to going all in on 1% baby.
I remember VIX rose like 3 days straight along with SPY but practically no one paid attention cause Softbank go brrr. And then we lost everything. Obviously today isn't a 100% parallel to September, but the greed is here for sure
I would not be surprised if this happens, the last month of the quarter big boys have to rebalance and it can fuck things up
I kind of expect rotation out of stocks EOM as funds rebalance... could this be from or triggered by that or am I retarded?
Haha I have been very cautious lately scalping random shit like one or two days a week for the last month but this morning I just went all in on aapl for dec 11 and jan
Pixar should make a movie.
Because pew pew lazr shots
Because youre the type of guy that wants to fuck hookers and do cocaine on yachts
cause its a cool name
Im sorry but youre an idiot if you bought GME
Bought 100 12/4 21c yesterday at the exact bottom. Also holding 500 shares @9.5

Feels good man.
Ill bite
Fine Ill play. In for 50 @ .08
Its about to go ultra instinct $30 by wed
It's just building up a new foundation. Be patient, unless you have FDs
Yes
Solid Home Alone reference
how did you lose your virginity
Yea its been limp dicking it
Thx m8 +25%
I'm doing the same move
I have high hopes for RKT late December.
The CEO
told you it cant hold over 38 39 for a long time.
I cut all ties with vaccine stock, too crazy for my bones.
already happened, it's been approved supposedly, means the merger is anywhere between tomorrow and April 30th, with incentive to get it done this month. We'll find out for sure probably later today, if not in the next day or two.
Meeting started at 10am
Today at 10 AM. Don't know what time zone.
supposedly happen at 10 am i guess were just waiting on news of the result now
Will have to pay extra to make sure your plane doesnt crash
Holding through next week
Corsair cucks* you mean. We have no choice but to baghold until (and if) CRSR ever rises again. From how it looks theyll be bankrupt soon.
Sold 12/18 50c for $1 each and will continue to do so and laugh all the way to the bank
Sold at $44 the other day lol
Take a look at PLTR, up and coming terrorism company
His thesis on the entire industry changed due to changing consumer behavior.
i dont think he liked the balance sheet. could be way wrong, however
This is usually pr stuff but what is more likely is he took his money put it somewhere else to profit and has completely forgotten about that money move these guys are too big to fail its him and gates having lunch everyday
Hes 90 years old. He deserves one YOLO play in his life lol
Their financials are dogshit. He doesnt care about price, he cares about value.
Don't forget about DDOG!
both are killin my portfolio rn lmao
Itll be over once Cohen makes an announcement or the console release cyclical boom will begin
Cranberry
The market certainly thinks so! They still have a long way to go to reach pre-March levels though
aal still down 40%, buy leaps
bear trap
Im a little scared to know where you got that after reading your flair
get a waterpik, you savage
fuuuuuuuck crsr
its the new floor, not long before short holders realize this and start closing
Are you holding??? I may just hold longer term after what Cramer said yesterday
8.80 eod
Put in a bid and chill
I dont think so :/
One of those stocks has multiple drugs that bring a lot more revenue and profit than the projected financial from the vaccine, the other has no other drugs/approved products other than the vaccine. Guess which stock should be going up?
It was going up last night AH. Strange. Still confident it goes up on approval though. 35.5c still holding
Theyre basically fake shares
Lock and loaded
What or who is LOI?
what time is the announcement?
LOL
OH MY GOD THATS SPYS MUSIC!!!
shares are good you can get a more likely win but smaller. Even leaps are crazy risky
I said this a couple days ago and some dude tried to tell me this was a bullish sign because low Vix meant better returns. Whos right here?
You missed it. It was buying PLTR calls yesterday at the bottom.
Gme 10c April or longer
Dude why? What type of issues you having?
What happened?

TradeStation > Fidelity > Etrade > TD > WeBull > Robinhood
Eating tendies as a pastime activity.....
Everybody wins!
Welcome. Set up your sell order at $100 so your broker can't lend your shares out
I had dal jan 30c over the summer that I flipped for like 20%... should've had some patience.
Profit is profit.
10% bounce on trend, what the fuck do you think itll do tomorrow?
Buy
literally forever yes
Beelieve in yourself
did what
Ok
Not even close. Shorts are desperate.
Fuck im getting old
Lmaoo that episode kills me
buy puts once it cools down. no cruise for another 6 months
Give it time. More bad news will come in the next couple weeks.
Has been a walking dead since summer. Still needs to kill the bears that has been gathering anticipating the stocks death after Travyon sell-off.
I didnt even buy any I just looked at them! my bad
ACB is better
Pt?
Some doucher still got that 21k share order to sell at $25...were gonna need a lot of help to break that
Yes 
Buy buy buy
Many of the cruises have strong fundamentals lol u have no idea what youre talking about

Build a DCF for some of the cruises vs some of your favorite memes and youll quickly see the difference
This...This is giving me some extreme Deja vu
I stopped reading when you said 700 EOD.
some jay-z lyric ey
All in.
Could be a retest of the top which would be highly bullish, see what happens here around this price level.
14 hours? Bitch do you live in a cave
Im watching IT chapter 11
Easily Im going to hold my calls for once
I wish that were true, but it is back to its pre-open tanking, unfortunately.
Drill at open is a given.
or pump so hard at open, the WSB bulls buy the top, again, then sell at the bottom of the dip...as usual
Bingo
Shares? Is this some sort of peasant joke Im too autistic to understand? :P

Honestly good on you my guy. Stay away from options. I can still feel the second degree burns.
As if we bears weren't already quiet. So quiet we can only hear you swear every 2 words and insult people who obviously are not the reason for your repeated loss of money on the stock market
Seen this one before 
I mean logically thats what it should do but we know how logical this market is. PLTR $50 Eod
it goes to $40 eoy from here
Positive thoughts
"Don't go breaking my heart "
Nah we've consolidated and built a huge new support at 22.50-23 range. That's our new bottom. I expect a good pop today up but nothing crazy. Hopefully close around 25 today and then 26 tomorrow
Not if they trade like some here
Open the fuckin doors I have money to lose you criminals. Let's go!
Okay China man, I made the mistake of selling my shares in NIO and LI. LI was the worst investment that I ever made and my profit from NIO just covered it barely. 

What is your prediction? See a small drop in NIO and XPeng in the first 30 minutes and end in green?
already did.
PLTR straight up murdered dip buyers last week

This is why I sub here
Is that edible? Biscuits are delicious but I don't know much about seabiscuit
Gonna grab some popcorns and watch hell erupt in wsb
Except yesterday, still crashed tho. So yeah, not a sign of anything
Its a sign that I will meet your mom this Friday and give her all the sperm my calls can produce
Except the past 2 days ...
Rebound. Will probably do 5-10%
I downvoted cause ur gay
The whole thing feels orchestrated AF

I'm all here for it
Elon really does want to do an offering but wants Tesla pumped to the max first. So he paid Michael (king gay bear) to announce hes going short and have his army of gay bears join (fuel for 900->1800 squeeze 2.0) shortly after arranging this he tipped off GS they loaded in and announced the completely realistic and fair PT of $780. Now we have the Alpha Tesla bulls facing off against the dying malnourished down to their last put bears for the 2020 stock market finale.
CRSR be like it do go down
It dipped $43 yesterday. You missed out
You're a fucking retard
10am est

Someone gonna take care of Andrew Left this time?
Please continue being retards!
Source? 

Guess Ill kill myself
I need that source too
SOURCE please
Yeah this guys right I am not immune to propaganda
I'm never touching cruise ships again unless theres a rug pull, so damn bullish
Nothing makes sense.

This whole market is hitting meme territory.
RCL canceled yesterday and went up... makes no sense
I've seen this happen to norwegian cruise lines basically every time they announced a cancel
will there be a rug pull soon? Or the vaccine coming news is too strong for cruises not to go up no matter what news.
Sell them at EOD for 1000% profit
How bout no
You are truly retarded
PTON ?
Buy $WDAY
Yeah I have a little bit of NIU, have a lot of faith in this one.
Shitting my brains out then going back to sleep
Those fajita tacos are fire. Cinnamon rolls arent bad either. I may have to go with the chicken biscuit with the jalapeo cheddar biscuit tho
Coffee with the wife and chatting with tards on WSB.
They have the best pancakes Ive ever had from a fast food restaurant
Now you can fk ur friends sister
there is going to be a lot of uncomfortable hanukkah/christmas/kwanzaa dinners coming up
Apple would definitely try that shit
PTON makes a stationary bike, everyone yolos calls.  NKLA makes a stationary car, everyone yells fraud...they should have slapped an iPad on the badger...
Did they charge you $35 for the plug?
Bezos wont ever split the stock. His ego will get in the way.
Bezos: Its gonna be a no from me dawg.
According to /r conspiracy they are alien space tornados
Welcome to every day in west Texas
Company BABA invests in also just rolled out driverless taxis in china.
I heard Baba built a perpetual motion machine and saved a baby from a burning building,
Record one day sales, 10 percent drop. Possible vaccine news, gap up!! Wtf is wrong with people? Yes Im bitter
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-ethiopian-airlines-launch-cold-083521194.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-ethiopian-airlines-launch-cold-083521194.html)
Just like Covid-explosion in late march and april while the market went tits up. Worse had been priced in.
Buy the news
Did you say gaping or gap(e)ing?
[deleted]
amd 100 eom
I miss those days
I'm over here praying for 5 but yeah double digits would help me dig out of my 6 digit hole.
This got me a downpmt for a house back in September.
make me bankrupt
Data management and integration for gov past 17years
Go up
they make peanuts
They develop technology to offer solutions.
Its got electrolytes
Make bluetooth headsets
Go up
spy on you
!=BRR
Your mom
They're making Brexit glorious, and keeping naughty illegal immigration out of the UK
EV
Moon
They print tendies you fuckin nerd
USA about to restrict all chinaman companies from stock market ruuuuuun
Hes got calls now
He probably got bombarded by annoying people lol
Who deleted what?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
TSLA   600.0|3.25|3.3|3.3|0.03|67.691%
BA   250.0|0.3|0.39|0.35|0.0|79.208%
NET   80.0|1.3|1.4|1.3|-0.05|65.543%
NIO   45.0|6.25|6.45|6.25|-0.06|118.995%


TSLA 600.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 16 times

BA 250.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

NET 80.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

NIO 45.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=geharkk&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Zoom out
Star Trek type shit. LEAPs or shares.
Legit
I think its great long term but will probably be awhile before it really moons. I try to grab some shares here and there on dips.
 : [The Pogues -  Fairytale Of N](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9jbdgZidu8)  [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9jbdgZidu8) 2:42 / 4:03     
Take advantage of the fact that TSLA is still under $600. Not gonna be like that EOD.
LIFETIME SUPPLY OF WENDY'S
Baba 12/11 calls

PFIZER OR BUST BABY
All in + margin in $DG
100 shares of Citibank and sell covered calls weekly
crm
"invest" sure lol
Low volume like the stock market right now
Holy fuck I knew your mom was free ussy but I didnt think it would be that easy.
Keeping it down for us retards at open - re load boys before its too late

Quad witching?
Hoping for 610 but we could see a small rally and big pullback to kill options
650
Be sure to wait for ATH
you had my upvote at Iceman
Thats right ice...man.  I am dangerous.
Great play all these Chinese EV about to run
Soon as in Monday ?
Yay!
Let me tell you you will make much more with a 3-fund portfolio than most of us will actively investing so good choice
Same
I plan to hold. Today and tomorrow should be fun.
Watch it. If it breaks $600 easy you can hold. Its tried 3 times now. Third times a charm.
Im in for about 1k. Im not convinced its going to be stripe but Ill take In N Out Burger
Highly doubt it but I have an 8.5c so I hope so
I loaded 240s and it's not so far away anymore.
Is the granola within reach?
Have they even heard of pltr?
Institutions need certain risk-free or safe assets. Which happen to be these bonds.
This!
SQ, CHWY yes yes! ICLN I have March and June calls. Let's get this bread!
SQ baby!
that's why when i take profits i buy gold/ silver bullion
Buy FSLY calls.
If you could time this Adderall fueled market you'd be a millionaire in a week.
I wouldnt bet on dip its hitting demand zone and dipped yesterday
Yikes gl
first time?
I cant believe you idiots didnt buy the dip like I said
Saw it live 
Its almost as if they increased order volume delivery by 100% or something sell though its getting a big scary audit and its Chinese oOOoOOOoO
Another day of AH pump and slow dwindle back down to 570 by the closing bell.  Dont forget the massive sell off at opening bell to shake paper hands
moon
Its going to piss me off for selling 5k shares yesterday at 7.45 for a small gain.
Playa gonna shine trick! You aint on my level trick!
It always dips at open. Dont be a bitch and sell. Buy the dip
Why would it not?
The short squeeze is going to be nuts again. My 600cs expire tmmrw so I'm selling right at open but I'll grab some 700cs on the way out.
725 or 843
Goldman always has to be bearish on it so $915
700 fo sho

Its coming by eoy for sure
Yes
If you have a set of kahunas like i
Hell yeah lol
Puts not calls
Lol my guy me and you are in here every day pushing SQ
Yes. Need more info plz
$120 pre split
Imagine elon being bald
his first bitch was better
Breaking: Bezos gets full head of hair
Sell spce before it crashes
Oil/ banks
Airlines for sure. Cruise lines are entertainment and will be the last to recover IMO
PLTR
GME for discretionary spending if theres another check round. Also AMZN, MSFT. Half the checks will be going directly to Christmas presents.
PLTR
Are these Korn lyrics?
Love that sound.
wait till it opens
VFF literally frozen on premarket
Youve got 4 months youre good
yeah "why not buy puts when the company dropped 15% in a day" lol.
Zoom is kang gang territory tread lightly
I hear ya...I only have $400 more loss to make up. Its too tricky for me. I hate trading that stonk
Needs to break 380 to go down. Right at fib retracement just like yesterday. We hit 400 and bounce up I bet

So sad I only bought one call with some leftover funds but hey, profit is profit  ($16 1.15.21)
Hold shits gonna moon to 300 tf
Probably sell the 12/11 250 and cover your costs.
Mate please don't jinx it lol
Nice flair
That guy that bought 100k shares at the top tho
a peak surrounded by old dead bodies?
If you have shares yes
DUH
Imagine being this wrong lmao
This aged well. Might drop later but lol
You really are a retard
Your puts are fucked
Deep OTM puts
12/4 10C Holding since last friday
long
425 shares
1/15/21 $6c bought a month ago at $.78. Decent little profit so far.
We need another 6% day
But.....for how long?!
....aaaaand it's gone
Aaaannnnnddddd...... red
Same like 69% of us here bro
I think your  is crashing.
Rug pull on bears and bulls. Rug pull on everyone
Watch the nio dive
Wont matter as Ill be broke by end of year
I'm buying a thousand shares if it hits that price
RSI is extremely oversold
Thats what I'm wondering
Are  playing anything?
Lol fair
We runnin today bro
What about people got on board yesterday
this is the way
strike price?
that's called retardation, not autism.
Yes
dont tease me like that
Am I ur dog
Feasting. 5% day incoming.
Same those 16.5 weeklies are cheap
BUYBUYBUY
NNDM $20 EOY
$80c eoy
Me
They only come out of the woodwork when PLTR is falling.
$200 swing, lets get it back at 11.20 :-)
Yes
Absolutely
nobody is going to buy that trash dude
It's amazing, for cruise lines nothing seems priced in. Every vaccine pump triggers them.
Corona Cruise lines!
Absolutely
Yeah. I sold and jumped on CRSR
The vote is happening right now. Lets hope we will see an effect
yeah, Snow's not moving at all....cough cough
Bought the dip, bro.
For Your sake I hope So
Not enough time probably
No
bruh
Jacked to the tits. About $150k deep.
I gave up
PLTR  GANG MARS GANG FUCK THE MOON
Market "pop"
That's literally how algos work.
You know 12/4 is tomorrow lol
Same boat here!
Same
You gonna be waiting a while my friend
little different this time i suspect
what are they up?
PUMP IT!
this is why NIO doesn't treat you nicely. this right here \^\^\^
Put a stop loss once youre itm
Slight up and down finishing in the 25 range today. Opens low tomorrow and then finishes around 26?
Diamond hands son
I almost bought calls at open. 

Now I dont wanna get in cuz FOMO
I also own LGVW and am happy to see it up.
Ye ye, whats good.
You lose some, you lose some
Theres hardly any volume on those
If it passes the house, itll go to the senate, where it will be sat on similar to hundreds of other bills that do not serve the current senate majority. 

Long story short, at least til January, theres no real story with this weed bill
Flashbacks
Well, yesterday yes it was
citron loading up shotgun shells and double down again
Oh they still know theyre a 4, others just see them as a 9 cuz thats how they artificially display themselves
Big fax. The crazy thing is that they really believe they look like that in real.
lol at retards trying to buy puts - there are no bears left bro - they are all dead
Umm
called the top
You should be good for now because I started trimming calls so should moon
Shits been sliding all morning
Give it a few days.
Lol at these desperate shorters
Yes. Sooner bears accept that the sooner they can actually make some money.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
DBX   21.0|0.82|1.07|1.0|0.0|39.683%


DBX 21.0C 2021-1-22 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehrxzr&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
ARKG is my secret bae. Been holding for a couple years at like a $28 average, gonna break my heart to have to bring that way up soon lol

Actively managed ETF is the best way to play genomics tech long term imo
Yepppppp
I can see it too. Value is dropping bigly every minute
Sigh...
[x](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AVloqiXdk0&ab_channel=SethBurns)
le sigh
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
SPCE   30.0|1.78|1.8|1.8|0.12|108.514%


SPCE 30.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehsejd&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Welcome to the bull pen. 
It needs to
Super retarded.
Bald bezos
Literally sitting here doing the same lol
Jeff Amazon is what mango would say.
Daddy
This is the way. Own a share of the global housing market
It makes you money
I got shares when it was at 100
ZS beats earnings = 30% day
imagine loading up when the market open   
Well then youre fucked.. youll see. Ill keep this comment for Monday
GANG GANG $25P 12/24
Pltr going to skyrocket after all the Friday calls close worthless and MM stops manipulating it.
i really really really hope the stripe/PSTH rumours are true lol
Probably, I feel like its one of the worst airline stocks longer term
Nah, hold until 2022.
No because it's going to $20
Hold baby hold
same
you're missing the \*\*autism\*\*
they bought to close.  Basically they sold 12/4 call and now they are buying back to lock in profit, close postion, n free up cash.
Maybe they thought they were making too much money. Gaining so hard they are about to bust a tax bracket.
Maybe you could switch from the 1 day chart to the 90 day chart?
thats why i always buy 2 weeks out
AMERIPOORS.  Been in since March and if I don't sell at open I lose every fucking time.  Buy at close and sell at open is the only strategy that I know consistently works - obviously days like yesterday come once or twice a month.
Still GMHI on TOS for those looking.
BA was $150 on November 4. Was literally free money
Im fucking BROKE
Been saying that for months but behind the Scenes wont pass shit
So its back to stim talks going well pumpz.
same song and dance
congrats. better cash out fast tho.
You should cash out before it 
Getting there, I fucking bought at 17.74 so Im waiting to get above that
12/4?
I sold my position in RKT to free up more capital for TSLA but I completely agree.
Bought some december calls, probably too soon.
Yes I'm wheeling with 18.5 puts.
Cant recall properly, but doesnt the lock up for a significant amount of shares end sometime in january? So rly that's how long it has to trade sideways before it drops quite a bit
Eli5 why short interest necessarily keeps it low.
The owner sold 1 million shares lol
Yeah. This is just to utterly butt fuck the 12/4s
Holy fuck! Shouldve picked up some long term calls
Those are basically all straight retarded
I hope so!
Alright but let me know next time
What you selling
Nah. Shit will tank for a few weeks. Check in then
Love them as a consumer but investing... not so much in the current environment.

Pepe hands.
Is someone shorting? I dont understand
Lock profit before decay, go buy a 6 pack and watch the sunset

Its so fucking annoying
GME is dead my guy. That shit is almost all digital. Unless the pivot it's over.
275c 1/15/20
When the big bois make their moves.
Yeah
here, here!
Friend, have you heard the good news of our savior, Theta?
Yeah I was wondering what would cause me to get out of my position, and to me this is a big factor. His presence and vision for the company should be a huge tailwind so long as hes invested and pushing. If he sells, Im definitely scaling down my position.
Did you just buy or something lol
yeah, so long as you sold the call... if you bought it, then you dead
Z scaled sucks ass lol good riddance
Just went in for more.
50/50, place your bet
i see that volatility happening soon - but rolled my calls from this week to next week - 370c 12/11
and one that will continue to be told forever
Oh god yes plz
That's the best time; getting paid to sell and off-load so you can re-purchase on the inevitable drop
No bro this is precisely the time to sell covereds. When the market is absolutely flying with no fear like it was a month ago, then you buy raw dog calls. Now after a month rip and no dip, somethings on the horizon looking at the indicators, hedge risk with coverds

Edit Im retarded for thinking you said buy covereds but youre retarded for selling covereds lmao
Sounds awesome! Doesnt work on my android ver yet.
 

 

 


Lord have mercy on our greedy souls!
lol you should of done that at open you fool
Zoom out to monthly. Consolidating at 16 for a run to just over 20 shortly
1
That's one daytrade.
V not V tho
Legit AMD likes to do its own thing.
theta gang checking in
it's so volatile it could pump 5% by end of day or 15% tomorrow
A non selfish person would donate all their blood
Mods
dont bet against cruise man trust they wiped me out enough times
kinda iffy, with the chinese EVs not doing so well, microvast doesn't look as promising as before. And that whole delist thing...
Theta is a bitch. Take care.
If you buy a contract today and tomorrow the stock is flat, your contract is worth less you walnut.
Calls on FUCK and YOU. Puts on AMD.
SQ has options, and its a good company too
word
And their stock keeps rising. Makes perfect sense
remember what happened last time.?
Wisconsin Fried Chicken... mmm
Put it into TQQQ if youre a real gamer
Sell some of that- lock in your gains. Bank stocks are really tough to rely on. If they're up huge right now, then take some gains and redeploy that cash elsewhere.
I lost 90% of my portfolio today cause of PLTR and NKLA. My 2 BA calls carried my portfolio so hard, that PLTR and NKLA are sucking its dick right now.
Im new to this, bought calls for the second time. .59 Dec 24 did i do okay?
**I am EUPHORIC**
lol wut
No wonder uk voted for brexit and now they are burning down 5g towers

Edit: uk not you
lol that's funny
Let's go !!
For me cash gang is the worse, I wake up at night from FOMO
Its gonna take so little to pump NIO & Chinese EVs. As Tesla get pumped for its inclusion in S&P and gets a bunch of pt upgrades it will pull up the whole gang because people are going to buy TSLA exposure through EV etfs and the pt upgrades are going to provide good guidance to the whole sector.
You got a source for that? I'd like to send it to my boomer parents who dont understand anything
If dollar is rip why do I have so many of them

Checkmate dumbass
***coin?

Lol
I want to buy gold but was going to wait until the new year so I can buy it in my Roth IRA. Do you think it will trade sideways until then? I have no idea when the gold bull run will start but I don't want to miss it
Considering mine expire tomorrow itd better hit 50 by then
I tested neg last night. Puts
COVID still a thing?
We got few millionaires and maybe around 10k homeless at this point
You missed a wild ride up and a apocalyptic fall for a meme stock. So the monthly special around here. Dont listen to anyone that's trying to sell you PLTR right now
Just $20K
Are you pretending to tell a future that has in fact already happened??? like a fucking loser ?
Lmfao deja vu
How many times do we have to teach you a lesson old man

The people here never learn
goddamn you retards, take my puts dick and die so i can cash out and buy momma some new edible panties
Fuck you and see you tomorrow
See you tomorrow
See you tomorrow
check out theta gang if you ever wanna be involved again but actually make money
See you next week
You will definetly recover, dont even think about going long on $ROPE. My guess is youre probably young, still have a lot to gain in life, dont throw it all away because you tried something and failed. 18k is a big sum for some but you can definetly recover. Stay safe!
**EATING EATING CAMPBELL'S**
Fuc$ Em!!
My Hotel Year acoustic
No, stop. I need more time to buy in before it goes full meme
Dont utter psth in the same sentence as that loser
pot calls with exp next week.  - sell on spike depending on when vote is held this friday.

GME load and hold for squeeze hopes

summer calls on travel, accommodation, and oil stocks with fall exp for when we start climbing as vaccines come out starting the 15th.

hooker, low return but fun ride
I'm being told Baba leaps are todays play
You dont have to trade every single day you know?
Bullish
Extendy = goob
thank you.
Solid DD
Just give up on puts.
No
Isn't that basically what the marker has done all week?

The day is flat but before and after are where the action has been at.
godspeed retard
Worst idea
yes
Yolo baby
Buy shares buddy, IV is high but this is a good company
Posting about a penny stock from the yahoo sports section. Seems like legit dd
What was the reason for the huge drop??
I dont think your hitting the moon with this call bro. Enjoy being broke bigly.
Another day of AH pump and slow dwindle back down to 570 by the closing bell. Dont forget the massive sell off at opening bell to shake paper hands
Sell walls at $24 and $24.70. Hopefully can bust its load right through em
Even though you make make more money now, you're spending habits remain the same.
Lifestyle creep
If youre married, theres your answer....
Buy more gold and youll be good next year.
Deep if true
Straight into the earths core
The floor is going to collapse and its gonna fall big time get out while you can
how many iphones do i need to buy for the stock to go up
200$ pls
Wondering too. Do we just have to sit around until April for this merger?
These are the same people who buy calls when its jumped 200% in a week
Truth
Theres somethin about this guy I like, cant tell what it is
Yup

We'll test $22 open, $20 by lunch, $17 by EoD

Sell your shitty bags retards
As long as it doesn't go between 17 I'm green. Getting nervous but diamond hands
I sure hope not
Newsom used to smash crazy eyes Kimberly Guilfoyle. He's likely immune
Thank you for the emojis. Upvoted
My kittens had tape worms from the streets not too long ago. Nasty creatures, had to quarantine them to one room so I wasnt finding pieces everywhere they sleep. But easy injection at the vet and they are gone.
I know a few people who have gotten them from sushi lol
I already dont sleep so I guess I am safe eating gas station sushi
But isnt that mostly from like ghetto sushi places?
is this sushi in general or is this just your friend had a bad batch?
Good thing I drink enough whiskey and take enough B12 that those little fuckers can't do shit to me
Fuck that I live off sushi
What the fuck did I just read.
Positions or Ban!
Ban
Ban
too many words, ban
Ma'am, I'm gonna need you to hand over the chromosomes real slowly..
Mods! Flair this woman as "wants grinch cock" immediately!!!
Bro?
You must not have cheeks, buy ulta beauty positions
Ban
If you read the whole thing, u gay
Okay nice story now explain calls and puts to me
Fuck you too!  
Love you too son
Dick head.
Im getting in at open
Getting overly greedy on either side will just lead to tears.
Ogay
Well I did step 1.
Loaded up on more calls eod yesterday 
TSLA going to rocket for the first 10 minutes of trading, then bleed all day
HELL YEAH BABY WE GONNA BE RICH
I hate you, I thought it was about to fly
I am RKT's ex boyfriend so take it from me -- she's a no good hoe
you should ask yourself, why would they do that on this pop and not the one last week? and then ask yourself, am i on the wrong side of this?
All the paper hands like yourself are already gone
My puts have raging hardons
I really hope premarket shakes off paper hand so I can open calls at 930
Is anyone going to hold through merger? If I know the avg attention span around here I imagine therell be a dump after any modest gain
We will see in february
qwite retardet
And if u look at a yearly chart its beautiful. And if u bought at 4 bucks youre a fuckimg genius
Im a confident retard
Unless its the smartest play in the history of everything in the universes that is capable of being recorded.
Same retards that all their money on palantir
Have you even looked at a chart thats not on rh? Gme is about to move higher for sure
I didn't YOLO but I'm up 60% which is pretty damn good
Not if you made a profit, if you didn't then you're dumb as hell
Elon said the other day to Tesla employies that they should expect the stock price to drop off sharply here real quick.  Which somehow translates to "PUMP PUMP PUMP"
This is the first post that I've seen that is too retarded for this sub
I call it pullter lol
Wtf
$600-$700 until we pop up in January from Q1 earnings which is only weeks away 
Bought a few 600 FDs for Friday gonna roll them out
The committee on unamerican activities should be brought back just to put you on trial
Clueless bulls will downvote you to oblivion but I believe youre right
the dollar isn't down, the euro and pound are up because of the vaccines you stupid American
Cheap relative dollar, more cash inflow.
Idk what this means but you sound intelligent so this bull is scared
Dollar down = stonks worth more 

Something like that for the noobs
once the dollar turns around the market is going to take a steaming shit all over the place
Relax. Usually it's shorters who are buying back.
buy calls trust
Bubble
guess they mad after getting cucked during the crisis (note: I dont agree with Burry shorting TSLA and it should go to the moon)
The Autist who inspired millions.
Bruhhh...up .96% PM, that what u call blasting off? 
Lmao whats that?
like the one in 2018?  yeah, they're probably excited.
reddit will not like this
That's why you don't sell
Yep
Big facts
%
Sounds like someone's broke lmao
I wish
STEPHANO
and he is fine as fuk
Whered you hear that rumor?
Source?
Bullshit
Are you serious or just joking
pussies dont get rewarded
Respect sir for not being a bitch !!
Easily
Bruh honestly they probably tanked it so they could start buying.
Ez
Agreed. Why focus on PLTR when you can focus on PLTR?
have you heard about PLTR?
Why would you buy a gaming accessory company when you have the future of AI here in PLTR
same holding calls
I dont even wanna look at it 
This is the way tards
wondering the same thing
To fk us.
It will happen today and they will 100%  agree to extend
Yeah we got cleaned now were back!
Idk I bought in at like 13 and sold at like 28, feeling fine lol
make it 8
Molly?
That sounds painful and your cock would be dry heaving by the fourth time
Those are rookie numbers.
No nut November may be over but now its dont touch your dick december
These gains are unreal. I dont even care to question the logic. Stonks only go up
Try to beat my record of 13 in a day
This is accurate.
Earnings? 
Bullish or bearish
Woman here, I probably spend $500 a month at Ulta buying stupid shit. This checks out.
Nah COTY the makeup  play
Target is def not upper/middle class. Its a hair above WMT.
Makeup is on the way out. Check out the viewers of these makeup channels that blew up ULTA from 2013 on they are tapering off or in decline.
This is the way
Gaiz or gainz?
Neither does Nancy, cant believe she said no to 2.2 trillion and is now schilling the 900 billion bill...how is this woman not getting killed
Bannnnnn
You mean they return money to the ones that paid it?
Buy shares. 50% gain when it hits $30 again and you dont care about IV.
Yeah that's what kept me from getting some current 10 baggers yesterday.
What does high IV represent? Good or bad for the stock?
Every reaction is an over reaction
yes absolutely. calls were on discount. I bought several 5/21 300c for cheap.

CRM is a fucking machine. If people think they are overpaying for the slack acquisition, it's because they can overpay cause they are rich and have a solid customer base. I don't know of anyone that drops Salesforce for some other CRM/ERP/PCP/GHB etc.

full disclosure to Mr. SEC; I am responsible with evaluating and selecting our new ERP system at my work... and I pick salesforce. Even tho our account manager is a totally unprofessional frat boy
Or you could go fuck yourself.
It wont topple
What needs to happen to make it?
I've been there. Usually ends in break, then a few weeks to calm down and reload another 10k.
how baba got it's groove back, only took a house vote
Someone was holding in anticipation of the weed news, sold for a decent profit anticipating a dip soon due to everyone realizing the bill will fail. 

I'm still holding all mine tho.
Crazy chance bill passes
Nobody thats smart had calls
Im with you. 12/18 260c and May 240c here. We will head back on our moon mission soon.
Jep, actually you are the 100% owner of salesforce
I have shared of Salesforce and zoom. I wanted to take the risk but not enough to buy options
He probably claims multi millions but if thats true why doesnt he buy some of those Elon-level hair plugs 
MU is one of the original meme stocks?
What made u go in? Props to u bro thats just a ticker Ive been completely ignoring
How long? Sounds intriguing
Im deep In them.
Dates and strike?
Considering this or some airline plays
This retards a thinker
Why not?
Same here dude. You gonna hold til exp?
700c 12/18 here
I know wtf
I like the Yahoo Finance app just fine.
ToS app is decent for mobile. Not as good as its desktop software, but its the best mobile Ive found.
Investing.com
Cnbc
On his telsa short or his GME long?
If you subscribe to their newsletter you get an email every day.
Lucid track?
Sign up to their newsletter
I signed up on their site to receive daily emails about their trades
https://cathiesark.com/arkk/trades
You can [subscribe](https://ark-funds.com/subscribe) to their trade notifications for free btw and get an email the moment they release new information. Seems somebody also made a bot that just follows their trades, that spac I'm in (longview acquisition) went up AH the same exact time when I got the mail.
plays trucks in his driveway
Counting his billions made via fraud and fisting his own butthole
Prob hookers and blow
This guy
Pussies.
Hold!
Do you know if theta will take over quick?
How did it go from like $2 trillion proposal by the dems and $1.5 trillion by the republicans to $900 billion?
No stinky checks...dems want to use it as their negotiation base
McConnel wont do check again. His wifes boyfriend is still pissed that he yolod his last one on PRPL calls.
Go to georgia and help get out the vote for dems if you want this
it'll pump for an hour to get the FOMO traders then dump after again
Im with you. Im about to bail before iv crushes me.
Nancy Pelosi made BANK on her move.
waiting for jobless claims.  

Most likely they will be up and futures will continue to dog paddle in a circle.
Passive income
Im hopping in on BA
Same for 
Today is the day Tesla breaks 600
Hmm
Yeah thats what Im doing I coped mine at 257 I wonder how much they are gonna be worth
Pretty much everyone with half a brain is in BABA right now.
[He he he he](https://media1.tenor.com/images/ee93f11ab9a971d65ae94aa80750b6bc/tenor.gif)
It's like here but somehow worse
They're like us, but pretend to be smart
Dude HIMX didn't win the contract
Lmfao, better then yesterday
Mango is signing it, dude hates china
Because everyone's in TSLA/PLTR
Making money the good ole fashion way and losing it on memes.
yes
Up $5.97 right now baby boy 
Absolutely printing all month.
I had 5 calls I cut my losses on yesterday. You're welcome.
I forget if it was both sony and msft but sony said they'd have more shipments coming before end of year.
I've been getting burned on earnings plays so dump later today and rebuy tomorrow
I'm long DOCU and will hold through earnings.
This really is retarded.  You can't sell your shares without getting out of the covered call.  That would then be a naked call which unless you have a lot of $$$ most WSB idiots like me don't have the capability.

You can buy it back for a loss or just roll it out further for more credit.

Or just let the shares get called away and wait for a pullback to rebuy in.
yes
Huh?  Is your call ITM?  Just let it get assigned away
You can buy back at a deficit. I don't recommend it though. What is the average price of your shares and what is the strike of your covered call?
just JPM at work
Bears dont have opposable thumbs so Im sure their cooking skills are about equal to human babies
Probably all bailed
Its not happening yet
1 share of PLTR
QQQ dgaf
Its fine
Sell a call to lock in the gains
It's how they keep us not rich
Dont use stop losses with futures they will hunt your shit on sight
Basically. And its all carried upon the shoulders of the masses through a little concept called inflation. Disgusting.
ICLN $25c 1/15
Rest / Relaxation shorting TSLA.

No thanks
Makin money dawwwwggg
Depends on the house vote today
both
Im not sure but according to Robinhood it was founded in the year 0 and has 0 employees... must be run by AI.  Im all in.
Wish I had played splunk puts.  So I might grab one and a few shares to hedge
Im tryna buy CRM calls. Which one you eyeing?
More higher price targets means more upside in the mind of the retail investor
MOAR!!!!!!!!!
Pumping will continue for the rest of Dec. $280 EOY!
Buy a credit spread for tomorrow.
This has always been the case. Stocks go up leading to earnings, earnings are good, stocks drop.
same here...not sure what the market wants more bs stocks like kndi
Thats what Im assuming but I had some MSOs for months now and am up like 28%
House will pass the fuck out of it, all those retards definitely burn the devils lettuce. Now, the senate on the other hand is a whole other story.
I think this console generation will be what propels gaming to the forefront of our society. I'm always jealous of my younger brother whose generation finds it much more acceptable to have gaming as a hobby.
that's facts msft been at 213-214 for years
Msft is a head scratcher. Very undervalued.
Msft is a boomer company lmao
What call position do you have for CRM?
Im about to name my penis dr green thumb, especially after last night at the bar
Its had a crazy run. Needs to cool off a bit.
Long General Mills
damn i was looking into genome stuff too, wish i didnt miss tht boat on pacb

Wait theres gonna be a dip?
Your dip was yesterday pal.
dont do it. shits gonna drop back down to mid 500's and hover till spring when it rocketships again. this pump is over, find another stock.
That's when the real trading happens. 
Members only
DAILY REMINDER PUG RULL NOW
Thats a different day
People who do outdoor activities Im guessing and post on youtube
The 9 has a lot of features so not surprised People are up grading
They had amazing deals this Black Friday , I am sure I wasnt the only one who grabbed a go pro hero9 black for 200$ off !!
better than FoxBus and CNBC and Bloomberg
Why didn't I buy TSLA FDs after the S&P announcement


Why didn't go full retard all in on NIO calls? 

Woulda shoulda coulda asshole the hindsight fuks me too
yet, people still want to print trillions more in stimulus.  LOL.

Enjoy your 10$ /gal milk.   It's already 7$ where I'm at.
*Birdman rubs hands*
Lack of negative catalyst -is- a catalyst for an undervalued stock.
Should have held paper hands
Take profit bro
Me too bro. Selling around open depending on which direction it goes.
your guess is as good as ours
Cry
You can trade AH like everyone else
HAHAHHA
AAPL has entered the chat
idk someone tell me how to feel
It has broken it like 4 times lol
watching this has actually upset me. A bunch of analysts this morning gave upgrades to it. Somebody is paying them. This stock is the most corrupt thing ive ever seen.
Careful of deez nuts. PLTR 
Its been doing that all week 
Yeah!!
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PLTR   44.0|0.0|0.01|0.01|0.01|NaN%


PLTR 44.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehlh6l&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Lul, was it covered?
lol i kno rite
Strike
RMG should be next
But SPY to 370+ before it corrects. LEZGEDDIT
Shhhhhhh dont fucking jinx it
vote is today AH right?

Dude, patience
when did you invest..? it's literally only gone up this week
Sans breaking vaccine news, PFE is notorious for moving like a glacier. It's a safe, slow, reliable blue chip that kills options on either side of the coin.
Probably the vaccine in ten days thing lol
Cuz theyre free 
because they are not making any profit on the vaccine
They seem to know something we dont.  But also their vaccine is sick juice
I added some on that dip...
Patience
They need to just announce a stock split and do it.
Same
Wrong way!
5G fam. The deathrays.
drink water pal
20 20c 12/18 lets ripppp
That is aggressive but seems weird it's dipping for sure
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PFE   41.0|0.22|0.23|0.22|-0.49|-999.0%


PFE 41.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehnnr5&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Roll it out until next week. FDA approval on the 10th = 
Strike?
what stonk is this?
Never!
Idk it should drop at least to 365
I was looking at that as well its down about 16% within a week. Could be a play
Loser!
Gonna win
 : [Green Day: &quot;Boulevard O](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c)  [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c) 3:12 / 4:48     
Trading violation? What'd you go offsides or something?
Here of course
Whats the news?
To the moon!
SPCE is...  [Pure hype stock](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/01/virgin-galactic-is-a-pure-hype-stock-trader-says-after-big-rally.html)
Till they are delisted. By the US govt.
Present
Yes. Temp of hot coffee EOD
lick my fucking ass?
Yep
You can buy. Just cant sell again till funds settle.
This just in: A company who makes money when planes fly hasn't fully recovered since the airline industry hasn't fully recovered.

&#x200B;

Also they just paid a heavy ass divvy yesterday I think - RH showed them down 50% because of it lol
Date and time?
closed all my zs as a very happy man this morning.
Thats the idea. Try not to set it at a sort of make or break number though thats likely to keep slipping if its a limit order/stop loss
yes
Stop buying options lol.
Low volume selling
The only smart play.
Yeah same, I'm at break even but we going to tendie town bois.
probably because it swings $30 a day, idk just a guess
Buying flying death pits doesn't sound very financially sound to me
BA back to 300 by  feb
Got mine this morning
i really want to sell my calls and get back to work now that im ITM but it keeps going!
Im literally begging you
To the downside
80c eoy
First, why do you think the bear way is the right way?
You can be logical and wrong (aka shits bad, why are we going up?!) or you can hop on the gain train to tendie town and joint the winning team. Up to you if you wanna keep losing money being a  
It started when Pooh killed the ant ipo...
Audit requirements for Chinese cos
de-listing is possible
33c 12/11
Yes
...and OKTA
A true autist ETF
have APHA 1/15 10c Lets pump baby
Get out b4 it crashes
40
I know the exact number
Remember when this sub piled in on calls after being up a fuckton? Did the same with outs after going down 25%
30
I want it to stay at 26.99 or below until Dec 11, that I know for sure.
To the moon
UK contract to do covid things with vaccine distribution
Pltr?
Thats what im saying. Lol might take my tesla gains over there plus SQ PYPL
Bought 2000 shares at $22 (on top of a lot of $10 LEAPs already).
EVERYONE should read this:

Exactly my thought. Everything shitron hates on falls then immediately shoots back up. Were apart of a corrupt ass market but we knew this.. anyways.. PLTR $30
Just read this thread. Even the slightest momentum in that direction and everyone here starts FOMOing in like monkeys with Alzheimers.
Peter Thiel Bought 14M shares yesterday
Today and Friday and this sub will be interesting.
Easy money my friends - buy when there is blood and sit back and print tendies
This is the way. Airbnb to $100
Dont make me cum, saving for my gf when I fly to her next week
not a sell the news?

will it pass? i feel like mcconnell will block it
Nothing wrong with taking the profit
Congrats and fuck you
I was going to buy it yesyerday
The last trench of offerings are over.  To the moon now.
Buy high and selling low is good for taxes right?
If you bought yesterday
$50c
Yup bought in on the dip 
Its notable for sure. But VIX also went much higher when that happened
Am I tracking the wrong vix? Mine shows that it's down 1% to 20.94 today.
Why?
...Jameis stole those crab legs. Are you sayin you didn't make money? :/

I too love crab more than most things.
Ridiculously HOT right now - join the party bro - all in on calls - doesn't matter what just fucking buy calls
You shouldve seen it in March
Youll be fine by then
12/8 is earnings for Q3. You may want to look at things like days to cover and some of the giant walls of text in GME posts for a better idea of when a squeeze is expected and what that will look like. Dont get overhyped tho
there have been approximately one million dd posts on GME in the last month
From my limited knowledge, the squeeze won't be until next March or so, but hopefully the earnings next week will be the catalyst to spark it all off. But don't take my word for it. Good luck!
there's tons of posts on here you can read you know
It is really impossible to time it exactly, but the latest it could happen by most estimates is march ER when Q4 results are published (new console sales).

However, there is a substantial change (especially because of Cohen's letter), that Q3 ER call next week will do it.  Enough that I'm going to put a couple thousand dollars in super OTM FDs for that week, right before the call incase we gap up.  I don't typically buy FDs, or anything under a few months out. Either those go to 0 or explode, hah.
Nooooooo.
Always
And cruise lines, and airlines
We're not actually seeing the stock price, that's just Tim 's heartrate as reported by his  Watch.
devils advocate: doubt, market over reacted, gonna rubber band twice as hard and stay there
still 55% less of value for pre-pandemic ATH
its having a seizure  
will come back to life
Consolidation and will take off soon
It was predicted to have a pull back this week and then rocket so I think it's going well
Not dont shit
Given I've been screwed by all four in the appropriate ways, I would agree with that statement.
[Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates also predicts 50% of business travel ... will go away after the pandemic is over](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/03/mark-cuban-on-how-america-will-change-post-covid-19-pandemic.html)
I want to see the airlines and cruiselinesnansnshit KSS and Macys DUMPPPP for This insane 60-90% gain in like 10 fucking trading sessions.
Ctrl Alt Del
Wish mine had self checkout
Think the sting of Amazon Pharmacy is fading. Think 70/75/80 calls from here through February are great bets.
I think it was late October someone posted about BA to 300 by EOY.

I thought 200 wasn't unreasonable. 250 was 'ehh.....'. 300 was right out.

Now I don't even think I can rule out 300. Investors really want to be holding these travel/tourism stocks and their peripherals when the pumps happen.
Leave it alone it's bicurious.
Its dead bruh
GM already pulled out
i thought GM backed out already
NKLA heading straight down
Why would you do that
man thats rough. F
been holding since 148, selling once she hits 300
You think the US gov will ever get BA get fucked? Not doing so well? Just sign a few DOD contracts. Totally cool totally legal totally not gov subsidy fuck off Airbus
Yes, and you'll probably be smarter for it too
nope
PTSD just kicked in
don't, I've been hurt before
overreaction? Or multi day bagger?
Long term yes. They don't have a lot of shares.
Ha. Look up one.  ^^^
Lets see the gains bro. We talking civic or lambo here.
Yessir 
Almost like a...... BIG SHORT?
Can't hold it down forever. In the meantime, beyond meat has been consolidating for some now. Chances of a good jump up?
how much are you winning
Go ahead I need more
Yep, sell the entire position. I hope your cost basis wasn't $17 or higher
Definitely sell by ER date. Likely that their forecast will disappoint.
Please get it from Gamestop
Dont buy a ps5, buy Corsair(tm) products instead!
September 2020
eBay lol jokes
HameStop! 
What do you have

take advantage of it
market manipulators i mean makers at work
Going for the record
If you bought this morning you are a retard

Now is the time to throw a position in and stop out quickly. Yesterday was the day to really buy-in
It should soon... like all tech companies. Had good earnings but fell after reporting but later bounces back up.
yes bullish, direct challenge to msft
6/18 230C
When the DLDO calls, you answer
Just bought calls at open 
this short covering is too lol. i covered too
Nah it's gonna cut off at 16.5 max
Hold them
Itll be at 240 in like 10 mins
Well my crystal ball said it would hit 240 it didnt tell me about the pullback sorry about that I need to recalibrate it
damn...
Youll win
How else are they going to pump markets for their donors, without helping the poor who need it?
If ur using this sub try and find ones few ppl r saying bcuz as soon as everyone is spamming pltr she a goner
I'm loving my Jan. 2022 35 calls. Easy money.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
TSLA   600.0|5.85|5.95|5.91|2.63|67.183%

**Unusual option activity detected on the TSLA 600.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

TSLA 600.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 19 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehtwnu&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
This guy gets it
12/18 1000C
Spy puts one week out
$LAZR giving me lots of free money.
Docu 260c 12/4
$ZS $200-$230c 12/x
Spy puts, pushing ath, vix tracking spy, bad job reports incoming tomorrow. I expect a dump in the next 24 hours
dont care their index printing ;)
My 1 share of AMD is really printing. 

Long GME APHA QS ACLS
It wants to form a double bottom.
Already had earnings, yesterday after hours
Its not even doing anything lol
Yup
People moving to riskier assets? 
I did that awhile ago and Im still down lol
When all else fails
u promise?
which contracts? all the stuff with decent volume/OI is just a nickel which is pretty tight
Watchu want? Calls or puts?
Too soon
Should print some nice tendies for you.
Please do
224 magic nunber
CMR or CRM?
What was the news on Boeing
No.. thats just called buying. 

Only 2.2% of the float is short
I'm share gang and not selling till $40. No rush hea.
1/15/21 25/30/35c checking in. 25 of each. Up 50% on all of them.

Earnings is going to be the hilarious inversion where their numbers will be ass but the stock will pump anyway.
Chart gonna give me a heart attack bro, thought we were tanking for a second
Not a good idea. Betting on a 30% increase in two weeks with your option value diminishing as you quickly approach the 18th.
fucked
Yes
APT you meann
Remember it took 2+ years for shit to crash after he called it out.
It willll
It wont
not to mention America will never let a French company be #1
Ryanair to purchase 75 Boeing's 737 MAX


Ryanair DAC has reached an agreement with Boeing Co. to buy 75 of the manufacturer's 737 MAX planes, the companies announced on Thursday.

This is driving Boeing and Dow

First order for Boeing
Youre*
have been in BA since $135.  Very good past month.
Short squeeze is not happening in the next 2 weeks

Edit: im holding shares
Or itll be a massive selloff

Edit: I have a lot of money in GME. Plz moon shot
Shorts will do anything to keep this sub 15.80 priort to earnings. I wanna jump in some otm weeklies today, because I feel like tomorrow will be the day, but at the same time shorts are willing to pay crazy fees and naked short sell to not pay out.
Taking my money
Bro what do you expect? Its a dying company. Everything is digital and downloaded. No way it can compete with amazon and other retailers.
my 12/4 calls would beg to differ
Dump pre or post earnings?
LAZR
HEXO
MGNI
Im dying inside. Sold my credit spread at a loss too
https://imgur.com/gallery/n0Yfxh9
Softbank left us all bagholding
McConnell gonna cuck it
That is seriously last weeks news.
Patience
ban... krupt
To the moon fuck your puts 
CHWY, always CHWY. earnings are next week and its going to fucking rip
All
Only u will be squeezed
Spoiler. Its not happening
some point after Earning Tuesday after hours, the shorts kinda need a reason to bounce of there's a squeeze, so nothing before then.
i love DKNG but dont want to buy in for 50 a share
Market orders can get funky sometimes. You see a bid/ask spread but there's orders outside of that spread that can get triggered on a market order.
Fidelity has the daily high at 25.62, RH has it at 25.40
It had 4 Green Days in a roll...?
Positions?
same dude, it's weird
Boeing Max Corpse Cold Storage
Long squeeze
never doubt cocaine mitch 
Dont spoil it for them mannnnn
Worst day this month *so far*.
Its the 3rd of the month pal
i think the market needs to tank for mcconnel to be like, oh fuck, yeah stimmy stimmy stimmy
Yeah right like Im gonna trust brilliant Chuck Schumer to predict the economy
Yup
It's 11 everything has a 2% dip this time of day
Forever my bro
Retard bears gonna retard
Keep ARCT off wsb, its our secret.
T H C B before the announcement latter today. Easy money for the day.
Good picking
You suck at this
Salesforce $CRM
Kr
amzn monthly, this is the dip before the rip
BJ
EXPI SNAP
CRM, BABA, FB. Thank me in 12 months
Match... ppl be swiping furiously and renewing tinder gold in anticipation, lot of semen to be expelled

Short pokimane
ROPE
Professional help. This fukin market is crazy. Buy anything ATH, cause tomorrow-ATH again, the day after-ATH again. No worries, nobody is! Its the dumbest shit in history...actually. Which means do the dumbest thing u can think of, but never think. Intelligence is your enemy in this game. Not kidding. GL!
Ccl
Cost
SBUX
Did you not see how that truck went down the hill
Once the calls expire,they will
GME over lol
Wait till Tuesday friend.
Ill move on after it goes to 500
Its just a waiting game as of now
Since April
I'm riding the memes to the moon!!! 
what u mean?
You may rely on it
The 52 week low was $2.57, which is the lowest it's ever traded in its history since 2003. You didn't get in at $1.56.
They are going well until December 11th at mid day
strikes?
$60 eoy
Dont jinx it. This shit stock only goes down.
If you want to make money just do the opposite of what WSB is pumping insanely and you will win.
I know its not as fun but this stock is so hard to time I would stick to shares until lockup
Maybe they gotta poop.
Theyre routed a certain way lol. Usually for fewest left turns and etc. calls on UPS
They know what they are doing. Optimizing that route fam
I mean they're screwed unless someone else partners with them.
they sound reasonable compared to this guy who says NKLA is going to 120 at the end of December [https://www.reddit.com/r/NikolaCorporation/comments/k0sysi/nkla\_nkla\_manipultive\_media\_of\_just\_using\_a\_small/](https://www.reddit.com/r/NikolaCorporation/comments/k0sysi/nkla_nkla_manipultive_media_of_just_using_a_small/)
CRSR, NET
Long term CRSR
QQQJ, BABA, CRM
PSTH
TIF $130p 5/21/21
any airline, but not rn cuz theyre up a crazy amount atm
puts dude
Cause they wants u to get rich
fundamentals are not a good tool for analyzing growth stocks

if you're trying to do value investing, buying some beat down boomer stock, they're important

if you think you've identified the next big thing then the future is what you're betting on, and we don't have any data about the future

if you're gonna invest in the memefolio you need to have an imagination
I mean if you're talking about AAL they employ 130k+ people and provide a critical service.  It doesn't matter how bad their fundamentals are they're always getting bailed out by the govt no matter what.
So true.
Yes
calls, last earnings it hit 270, it was down in PM today and then popped a chub, Im expecting a full boner by tomorrow, its tended to align with CRWD a surprising amount.
Nah. It's all about germ line editing. Incoming D admin more favorable than the outgoing one.
They just cured SIV, the equivalent version of HIV in monkeys
They had some seriously successful cancer trials. But also, they cured SIV and are working on Alzheimer's.
I have some that I regret. That zombie doesn't die from headshots.
Naw man I'm thanking fuck I took my losses at the open dip yesterday on that puts or I'd been destroyed, I wouldn't fuck with CCL
CCL will keep on going up as long as vaccines are succeeding
Not as retarded as holding calls
yes
Dunno but bears and bulls agree FUK THAT GUY!!
call or shares?
Youre being too logical man, bad move on these markets
Too legit a company and not a meme. Compare versus price action of MRNA and NVAX
The more the mRNA vaccines look to be adopted in 1st world countries, the less of the DNA vaccine will be administered there (where the money is) and more to 3rd world countries.
You do know they have to do a whole new Ph3 clinical trial?
Most governments have asked for more data on it.  Might be the long term winner for the reasons you listed but right now its third with a pretty healthy gap between them and PFE / Moderna as far as primary vaccine provider.
Sell on good news
Ohhh yesss
Yessir
Puts?
Cruise lines
now. It should all double to ATH in no time. Vaccine is out.
im up 10%.... still down 40% from wed.. and these are for end of feb calls
Yall been saying that since august stfu
yep.  and the biggest piece of shit airline when it comes to dealing with cattle...er, people (besides United).
Lets ride 369 Dec14
I sold stage on stage one 
I sold my calls when they were 3.5 and they went to 9.5 :o
sold my 210 call on tuesday
I almost sold when it gapped down hard the other day. Phew!
Bounced off 92.05 support level for the second time, should get some big money behind it...hopefully
I sold my call on tuesday just to secure a bag like a clown
Got rid of the weak hands and back up we go
i like that idea
Someone said buy CCL and AAL puts 
You're not selling today?
I love how VLDR is worth less than LAZR lol  


500 IQ market
I am holding. Good times coming.
like at a separate brokerage or something? how do you categorize it lol
Leaps in travel are gonna print long term. Next red day, I suggest dumping all your money in jan 2022 and deleting your app
Buy calls?
I just sold like 15 min ago and glad I did
Trevor Milton Airlines
Its overvalued.
Not between now and dec 22
Today slow bleed. Tomorrow , big dick pump
Push plz
Not as fun but taking profit (where you can) is always a good idea
Good job you!
Bro I heard Nikola is this underground super good company
I think BA gaps up to 250 today or tomorrow
this is the way
Positions? Have to see if youre a 
Shes probably talking about this 

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/currency-peg.asp
Damn right
Lots of lies in such a small paragraph
See here's the thing, over time that's actually really true almost always.
BGSIX has done well
Why buy at 13% off when I'm gonna be able to get it at 37% off if I wait 2 more days?
Bingo.
bro not you too, i thought you knew better
why tho? can you even explain why you
buying that shit? especially with the regulation around when shares are sold by insiders?
Big facts
Hey this moderate start gives me hope my $29 12/11c stand a chance
Literally anything can happen tbh. Maybe buy shares
Never
This is the way! Feb21 130s
Do you realize that as long as we only buy options we barely moving stock prices ?
Never sell if it isnt a penny stock.
blood for the blood god 

Thank you
Thank you for your service sir
Lmao is "no loss porn" an IG community guideline?
fake news
You mean warrants
Why?
Some dude will chug hot sauce if PLTR hits 30 next week. Way better bet
Maybe you should meditate bro
Still cheaper than check cashing place fees
I don't think the value of the dollar really affects people under a certain income threshold unless hyperinflation takes over. A weak dollar will actually be better for the average american. Industry will boom as the US becomes a net exporter of goods
Ban

We dont control the rest the world. 
So there is absolutely no reason to even think about it. 
Let us celebrate one of the few small things left on this earth that make us happy and fuck off and volunteer with Greenpeace.
pretty soon bread will be 30 bucks a loaf, eggs will be 28 bucks a dozen...PLTR will be $4/share
Its incredible really. Check vices report about Palantir deployment in California. Basically its the universal database all sci/fi movies have had wet dreams about. And this is one custom fit solution to one of their clients. They do this sort of thing to every client by leveraging their data-analysis products.
theyre offering predictive data commercially. They can basically run through multiple scenarios and determine at a high rate which is the best action proceed. Everything from business plans, hot fall fashions, to catastrophe rescue.
I've been hearing about Palantir for years, and think its a surer bet than Snowflake, possibly even Airbnb.
They make money printers actually
You yolod into spot after that epic run up yesterday.....
I ride w you on acb and aapl
I also picked up big positions in APPL and AMD.
AAPL 12/4 130c
Burry will die
Hard to hold when Im gonna be up 500% at open
flat?
I bet our brokerages freeze up at open lol
Lol
Me. Shares only though.
Ikr fuck me its only gone up 5% in the first minute WHERE ARE MY GAINS right?

I'm hoping my diamond hands don't turn into coal.
hey retard... why would we sell low?
Anyone whos not a 
We may be retarded, but were not stupid
What if I have shares only?
Dont be a beeeech
Seriously this delisting fud has been so dumb
YES!!!! EOD
God that would make me so wet
Good thing I closed my positions yesterday.
Puts...
All 3 
sold shares yesterday, waiting for a good entry of $20 
Bought shares at open this morning
cOvErEd CalL
shares boi she long
Shares and leaps
30c 12/18
Shares and sold some calls on them. Thats the move with these memes. Buy call options and shares early enough then after 3 days of 5-10% jumps start selling calls on your shares. Wait for a bank or activist investor to call them out as overbought so they can buy in cheaper. Hold shares until WSB looks back and says holy shit guys remember x? Its on a moonshot and I got solid DD its gonna triple in the next month. Rinse repeat
Shares
Shares
shares
Calls bitch, Im tired of being bear-broke
Shares
Dont just stand there the time is now
I have January call I really want to roll out to April but Im torn about rebuying at these high IVs
Damn straight.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PLTR   30.0|0.81|0.88|0.81|-0.04|151.396%


PLTR 30.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 9 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehausg&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
People who actually need stimulus wont be using it to invest anyways
Idk man I know plenty of
People IRL who are struggling right now working only 20 hours a week who could definitely use some cash. But youre almost right in the sense that stock market doesnt care about those people
You are insane
Thats absurd no
Super doubt. Hopefully 26. Baby steps
thats not how stonk work, regression to the mean
I havent heard anyone mention DT6 in a while, good that meme still has some life
PLTR is going to the fucking moon 
Planters peanuts. IPO was like 2 or 3 months ago
Skynet from Terminator 3.
Data company 

Evil corp 

But stonks go up
Diamond hand only stay with GME
Ticket to paradise!
It's like a Hitachi Magic Wand for  wizards.
And so it begins again

she's gonna say trump lost the election and they can work with the incoming president in January
i really hope so
Let's go
That would be a very good thing
Tesla will tear in pieces and retail investors will cry
600+ today
600+ open, bozo
600 easy, might sell my weekly and grab a next week
yes
$LAZR instead
Still holding from $400. Been a fucking RIDE.
Super easy, barely an inconvenience.
Might just be there for premarket
[deleted]
Ogay
sell
shouldve sold a week ago
no
Thats the way I like to fuck
Holding 121 calls
Sold $122cs. Not really happy about it but oh well.
Ban
Works from my 56k dialup
I think they block non-us users.
Pretty flat chested.
Green
its been what, like 6 red days in a row? gotta be green eventually
I bought puts so green
green. im thinking EOD somewhere in the 25 range, nothing crazy
Red.
So bizarre
not delisted but watch their profits suddenly drop by 15%  
imagine trusting chinese accountants
Start reciting 50 Hail Marys
excellent
Alresdy up quite a bit pre market
sq never disappoints after discount days
Buy puts at the top. Examples: HYLN, VLDR, QS, etc
Got in at $10 and got fucking 1/15/21 calls. Whats the reasoning I cant see options now after the merge?
Im really confused by this one. An IPO on an existing ID?
Whats training? I heard buy high sell low
Dump it
i got a nose for this shit, call me nose tradamus
TSLA at $591 now - not Nostradamus
I think we re going to max pain at 26.
I only bought shares on this one
i love this market
Ill pull your rug
I got uvxxy hedges
except now the reason they tanked has been remedied
Japan might be a good example and if so, then 4 years is very optimistic...Luckily though, there will always be exceptions.
this is correct, I have a strong feeling insider my heart.
Apple has been messing with my head for three months...dammit
sell off was expected, I expect 135 by EOY
Damn shouldve copped the lifetime black friday deal
Dang. I shouldn't have sold yesterday.
Couldnt be a worse thing to put on your insta or snap story. Nobody cares what you listened to.
How do you know?
I sold my 12/4 22.5c at close yesterday. Boy do I feel like a dummy
Your basis for being bearish shouldnt be covid at this point. I am still semi bearish, but you have to understand what the fed is doing to prop up stocks. The fed has made equities worth more than bonds and commodities, especially for growth, forcing the average firm/investor to put more into equities. This plus inflation has created this run up.

&#x200B;

Contract positions if youre curious.

12/4 AMZN 3215/3210p

12/11 AMZN 3210/3215c

12/4 QQQ 304/302.5p
why tf do you  care ab other people retard make money or die trying degen
Its easier? Isnt that why people pay premiums for anything lol.
Some ETFs rebalance over certain periods or if big changes in the underlying securities happen. You're pretty much just paying that expense ratio so they do the rebalancing job for you for seasonality and market cap changes.
Im giving it until noon. Of course I know it will moon right after I dump it
The meeting started at 10:00 eastern time, chill ur nuts man they are probably still eating bagels and creaming their coffees
Same why the fuck am I holding this fucker
Yep huge buys for NIO here
That's a reasonable target
tuscan raiders on parade
Nothin yet I get my news from here
seller wall at 11.75, gonna rip past that
I am nervous there is no PR here about the vote.  Either insiders loading up on warrants cheap or trying to dump real quiet before the announcement.  Wish I knew which one. :(
It's up 8%
Its literally up 8% today
How much do you need?
what your play if you get loan?
So you must have puts?

Liar
Buy nio whore youll lose everything
My account confirms that this is a lie.
Next week otherwise next year lol
Whats the deal???
Do you know where we can tune in or see vote results? I have a feeling the result will be announced AH.
They probably already voted but need to prepare a press release
congrats on your .5% gain

bigger picture, apple looks out of gas along with other FAANG.  I've sold them off mostly  at this point.
And the. Never recovered...
Anybody disagree with him? Lets see your DD and logic
Coffee until 8:30, breakfast until 9, before blow at 9:15. At 9:30 and we kick in the door, get on the floor, time to walk the dinosaur
$Random stock mooning. *checks market* some bullshit up .02%. Why is this news!???!?
Are we cashing today bro?
Ban
I was just downvoted into oblivion
Lol they were here in droves last night, smugly proclaiming dominance. They're only gone today because they lost. They'll be back next time we have -.01% futes
Lets hope
Why dont you just hold ?
Sell sell sell!!!
if you got shares why didn't you just leave it? I just bought 1000 shares and not going to look at it for a year.
This autism hurts me
pure retardation
Shhh dont tell anyone
Fuck what happened to it
Wtf does that mean? CRSR go down?
Priced in
Just think about what SPY is composed of so it kinda makes sense
market is future looking, you missed the rona play back in march
THC  and NIO
All
I want, a place to trade
Get your  on the floor today
Make my day
Every minute in Africa, a minute passes
Source??
Big if true
Patience is a virtue on this one.
You sold shares?
I bought more, actually
Smart man.
Same here, but I'm buying back in after the tank. Im not stressing though I already made like 600%
I think that's fair, hope you got a decent profit from these rough couple of days
Paper ass hands
$69x1.2 billion shares outstanding=$1billion?
?????????? Their Market cap is currently $46B what are you saying?
Imagine flipping fucking consoles out of your trailer. Buy some calls.
did it get one?
$3  GL
BABA and CRM
OKTA. That shit's going to test 255 today I think and you can prob grab some cheap 255C 0dte at open today depending how hard it gets IV crushed. Prob buy at 6:30 open and sell quick on a gap up candle if there is one around 6:40 for a quick flip. Idk i'm retarded
Sell off then green by after one hour
hopefully soon. 590 by open im praying
10 am dip to 560 then back up to 585-590. Slow crawl to 595 EOD.
Sell uvxy calls. Then you just wait foe crazy theta decay. Doesnt even have to go down
what do you buy puts on?
I like it 
vacc should be catalyst for a decent rally imo however we have been rather sideways in the 48-50 range the past few. Unsure. I usually always buy and roll em if it dips below 50. Then again seeing turd penn/barstool at 71 brings pain.
Like what
netflix? Bro, its a PLTR and chill kinda vibe today
Trade on enough margin and eventually you wont have to do it yourself
Ayeeeee TNDM was my secret money machine stock two years ago. I never see it mentioned anywhere
Until it keeps dropping and wipes out your past 3 months gains then you got caught holding bags for half a year.
Selling puts on crsr was not, but most of the time yes.
I affirm your bias
Sleep with one eye  
  
-man with one eye
Look at the 165P holy shit $.1/per  


30 bagger AT LEAST LMAO
Maybe hold or rollover, further strike and exp, yesterday was a gift.
Tanker gang
Because war with Iran and China this week
Mmm no
9:33
9:31
The premiums are too high
Fr bout to drop my pfe and all in mRNA
Crm Tsla pltr aapl
No one wants to pay based on the amount of data you ingest when you could just get it for free with Elastic.
CRWD is the opposite
Yolo your favorite meme. Probably GME calls
Buy a Tesla
CRM call spread
Stay cash gang til the market figures out what it's going to do.
PLTR 12/4 straddle
Pickup 3 NIO $47 12/04 calls.  Itll pick back up and possibly see green sometime during the day
1dte SPY iron condor centered on $369
Michael Burry
Spy
TSLA 12/04 puts after it hits like $25/$27 at opening.  Then selling later in the day.
What should I do with my 12/4 40c
Exercise, good medium and long term
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PLTR   15.0|7.1|7.7|7.15|-0.37|216.805%


PLTR 15.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehbdxz&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Bag holding PLTR
Pfizer is never going to hit. The market cap is to large. A day where it moves by a dollar is as good as it gets.
But... but Christmas!
Without R support its dead in the water
You're going to hear about HEXO and APHA, but the real play is GRWG
It'll die in senate
It wont pass the senate but it could put some pressure on Biden to try and work toward decriminalization.
Rejected
Bought puts at the top yesterday so you might be right, but I hope you're not
AMD is the weirdest stock. It moons when no one expects and tanks when all eyes are on it.
The guy that was gonna do it just left. Youre on your own
Bear news gets ignored in bull markets
Its up fucking 0.5%. Dont cream your grandma briefs gramps.
Yessssss
Do you own ACB? Cuz it will plummet, as is tradition.
38? Wasnt a good enough dipper?
I bought some shares too. Waiting for more news or a random spike
would love another BB spike towards 10 today so I can buy cheap 7.50 strike puts. Should have pulled the trigger on this 2 days ago
If theres a way to make easy money someones gonna do it. Im skeptical the only reason SoftBank stopped was because investors didnt like it...
You think its gonna dump today too ?
Didnt it blow earnings away
1 year with calendar spreads the entire time.
NVDA
Crowd strike or BA, free up more cash
Tsla
Their head of investor relations is cute. Long JMIA
So you knew you were selling at a discount despite the real volatility weve seen in that stock over the last week or two???
Double downs
R u retarded
Big boobs
Donkey Dick
Ideal cup size
DD is a bra size and means large breasts. People use it here to ask if someone has jerked off to large boobies that day. ie. ask your friend if they've done their DD yet today before trading.
Double dicks
Donkey Dong
Dis dick
Due Diligence. Analysing a company to evaluate if it is worth buying or not.
Dick dingers
Double dicking
Delightfully Dicked
Disney dicks
Dont worry we running out of jobs to lose the numbers should be good.
Grounded possums nipples
all about revenue growth, DOCU has about 40% yoy and CLDR only 10%
Two different businesses.  One well established and used for years - DOCU
The bill gives them 3 years to become compliant and possibly negotiate
ofcourse it was passed, everybody got the fuck out of chineese EV in the last week or so, all priced in, now back to rally mode
To why are they down
Boomer af
Boomer stock that never moves
Not bad if you have a long-term dividend portfolio.
Quit that shit while you can dude - it will destroy you eventually.
Yeah thats probably healthy bro keep it up!
Cant believe they give this shit to little kids
Don't know how tf you can sleep at night
Addy
lower dose of vyvanse. Vyvanse has a smoother profile than adderall, because adderall peaks early followed by a crash after 8 hrs. If a lower dose of vyvanse isn't doing it, then switch to adderall
Vyvanse is way better than Addy IMO.
You're taking too much.

Firstly, Vyvanse is what they give to potential ~~high risk patients~~ potential junkies.

If you live in a shit hole part of the country that is experiencing drug abuse problems, more than likely your doc will prescribe Vyvanse because you cant crush it up and snort it or inject it or put it up your asshole.

Adderall XR is what us upper middle class Canadians get.

I'm not talking out my ass here, if you have an understanding of how the drug affects you, you know that too much is worse than too little or none at all. You're wired all day and aren't eating which just fucks with your body & mind even more.

Ask your doctor to taper you down and tell them what side effects you are having. Also ask if you can try and different formulation (i.e. XR).

Please do not take the generic version. This isn't Tylenol, I have no fucking clue why the FDA would allow desoxyn or other pure formulations. Anyone who's ever tried it will tell you that is fucking wild compared to Adderall.

If Adderall is a cup of coffee, then desoxyn is straight caffeine powder.

Don't listen to the low life's on the internet that brag about how much they need take (both adderall & coffee). There's a fucking guy out here on reddit that may very well be dead by now, but they made a post about how they had prescription for ritalin and adderall and it was like 2 times my dose. What the fuck kind of junky life is that to live.

source: 20mg XR for the last 11 years. No side effects, no tolerance issues. I live a normal life. I also have a stonk gambling problem.
Apple $130c 12/11
What strike for apple?
I have puts, there will not be a dip.
Year out leaps for sure
the numbers r made up bro
What they saying havent seen it
Depending, pick up up 1/22 40c+ leaps with your profit
Profit taking till mid morning then going up idk
Im convinced that CRSR only goes down.
I think it has a chance to bottom out at $30, maybe even $28.
Webull app has it also nasdaq website
Business Insider lol
I suppose a bloomie would but that's like 30k for the hardware and subscription if im not mistaken
yahoo finance
Think or Swim

Both the App and desktop software.

Recommend them highly
I haven't checked yet, but probably tanking?
fuck sake was up nice cple pecent earlier!
Aint going no where!
They already know the outcome. And don't ask who they is we don't talk about that here.
they have 3 years to comply and by then they'll make biden squash whatever provisions they dont like.
Aw you poor little small mind quit trying to use logic.
cuz it'll take 3 years. but some will argue BABA and JD will crash to 0 because the market is forward looking so they already know the future and BABA has been delisted from US
Sell the rumor, buy the news
I got in at last dip and its not going lower than that 
Or 3000
This market can never go down... (a lot of people thought that in August)
Wait. New ticker but not a new stock. I think well see a dump where u can get a better price
I've seriously thought about this myself.
98 by EOD, 100 tm
this means nothing.  it's like saying, "hey, that guy whose head you're holding under water can breathe if you take his head out of the water"
Give it a couple of years
SocuDign
CRM badly overpaid for WORK so investors sold their shares.
McConnell doesn't want a $900 billion stimulus that the Dem leadership is using as a basis for negotiation.  

How tf are they going to get to $1.5 trillion?
Sell the news
7/10 with rice
Tell me about it. I live in EU and get paid in USD.

RIP my wallet.
Its going for its morning dip a little early today
SQ CHWY CRM
Lol. They like eating poo poo.
CRM ?
Im in, already up 5% during premarket
RH doesnt have any options available
Yet 
Looks like cruise lines too
My airline long play has been on a constant uptick since April.  Not huge gains, but I feel like United has lots of upside left
Bullish right?
Love the doublespeak headline
I for one am shocked
160
Its tough so am I same exact strike an date
I only have 7 shares, I'll hide in the bagged hold
we don't fully know if they're a SPAC for STRIPE do we? if thats confirmed buy it
I think so
fuck SQ buy QS
There any news?
Yes.
No
No it dumped too hard, institutions love this stock
Yeah I always baby talk to the currency all of my assets are denominated in
Just buy it
Cause every morning we stray further from god and closer to all mighty Tesla supreme
Bouncing after a -25% run is as predictable as it gets
Crsp!!
More like 
Just get rich on both
What is it doing?
To help us grow
No sold at $12, whats it at now?!
I think Ive seen this movie before
Holy shit
looks like a W but the volume
It\`s 4PM
BABA GANG, time to make up some losses
It's gonna bounce
king of the bagholders
Corruption
Tech dumps on good earnings, so up on bad earnings makes sense right?
Debate today in the house. Vote tomorrow.  
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
TSLA   595.0|11.65|11.95|11.75|7.71|78.552%


TSLA 595.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehm299&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
SQ is bipolar af lately..
Good play
GME has shit volume thou, hell's that
Been doing this since public offering. Gains always sell off hard. Either take profits on weeklies or play leaps
with every passing day the memes get meme-ier
Nothing, its overvalued af. But there arent a million analysts shorting it so Im guessing they already have shares
My only guess is cuz it had like
Four green Days. It could still go green
morning consolidation
I've never traded but I hate it just for the fact that it was pumped so hard prior to IPO.
CHWY
SQyesterday nice dip :)
>roblox 

when are shares available?
Im tryna get in on it but idk when itll be tradeable
Also noticed that
Just the algorithms doing they thang.
Long calls??
Can't lose $ on AAPL stonk will be higher soon
Patience my son
Big buy the dip moment
Spy just does ... not... go... down

I cannot believe it
Well, the market might pump it back up to 50+, because why not. No one cares whether they cruise or not, it's just a travel stonk that needs to be pumped.
Way to use your brain, never listen to an analyst
strike and exp for chwy?
Just google options profit calculator or I can just tell you Mars.
check historical iv
Shits getting weird
Same lmao. I really thought it was the move. Bagholding these till January now
One red 15 minute candle and the paper handers come out
I got out at like 20.30. Regrets now 
 [ airlines ]
Same
That was me yesterday for a bit
Wut?
Thats gonna gonna give me a third leg
 : [Green Day: &quot;Boulevard O](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c)  [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c) 3:12 / 4:48     
\*shuffling songs from Green Day on FUCK YOUR PUTS\*
do you think its going to crash soon ?
i just got in for a day trip with ol' LIZI.
You have to throw in free shipping
They want you to strip for that 5 bucks
until it does
Only an idiot shorts or buys puts against Snow at Xmas???
Lazr dip
i think there's a lawsuit
Antitrust lawsuit prob
Isnt trump going after them? It was something like that, saw it on yahoo
States suing FB
Boomers going to pump it now
Yeah, FML. Bought a short expiry that didn't hit a few weeks ago. Should've rolled it into a monthly.
LAZR is basically a shittier tech than Microvision.
Ugh I've been heeing and hawing on this thing with a contract here and there since earnings. Finally it takes off and I have 0 positions. So frustrating
itll be good long, 2022 and shit
I dumped at 21
Glad I got a hefty weight in BA shares bought at crash lows
how do you know this
When tho
RKT is fucking terrible rn theyre at a standstill pretty much, they hover over 19-22, once a vaccine is out though I believe theyll hit their highs like before pre Covid
I have shit load of greens in my portfolio, expand your research dude
the whole trillion gang is green retard
its all good. you managed risk. it could have gone the other way.
apparently you do not understand iv crush
When does it expire?
What expiry
You belong here
Plzzzz!!!!!!!!
Spy 390
Tsla
Hmm vxx and spy going up?
Not me, I bought high like a true autistic child
Thx Bb
good, keep it coming
Up 1%
Haha I bought both
Hugeeeeeeeely. Were mooning soon as everyone sits down and fastens their seatbelt
yeah i totally missed it shooting past 300. dropped an expensive ass 2021 call back in sept
Wym
This joke is not good imo
Okay Eminem
stay below. its overextended
4,200 eoy
Clang gang turning to mummies waiting for their calls to print
Just asked this a few minutes ago. Got in with shares $11.35. Seems like they always beat earnings and revenue projections. A lot of calls being bought up at higher prices.
silence, realist!
Its gonna fly through that buddy
[deleted]
I like Lulu but that new Mirror product looks terrible
600, but anybody guess. A lot of big funds need to buy still so she will rocket. Some will wait until the last day for S&P, others will do before.
thought it was friday
Yeah VXX on the rise for 2 days. Something's coming
People are sleep on VALE
AAL jump aboard
Print the wsb dude riding a rocket ship
print money with it
Print some big green dildos for the rest of us would ya
Whats a good earnings play on it?
Becky likes not going into the office. Im with her on this one.
 Needs over 125 to really move
Boomah
You holding your phone sideways?
Most depressing
Not worried about iv crush after earnings?
I love it
Theres something we dont know
He probably sold out yesterday lol
Shorts defending.
Cause that's what we want it to do?
fuck i made 210k on this bad boy since last week
I really want to. So tired of this back and forth
I got 50 hedges
you're a wizard harry
Depends on strike, but yesterday would've been better with lower prices and less IV..
Yes
You wouldnt be here if you werent
   my Jan 2022 leaps and already up 100%
Here's hoping. They have good reasons to
Nah. Terrible stock to play.
ebay doesnt make huge moves really but ive been successful with calls
Probably after your puts expire
Bezos be like I'll prime you the vaccine!
thanks su bae for that green candle
Theyre leaps and youre giving it week. Think about it...
Hold
I had ICLN leaps for a while and they'll just move super slowly but trend upwards overall in long term. Hope for a big catalyst when Biden gets in office so i'd hold
why would u sell those leaps at a loss?
to late now
Hype is over and Tesla will reign
I said last year I wasnt selling PTON till it hit 70. Guess what I sold and then bought back a few months later at 98. PTON is my ride or die now. We in it for life
opportunity cost
never gonna pullbwck CCL will be $200 by eoy
still can, 2 days for short covering
bear urges are so hard to fight ngl. I still buy puts but sometimes convert to credit spreads cause I already know puts is how you blow up an acc
12/10. estimated $44-50.00.
December 10

Getting in hard
Whatchu mean?
How? U bought at 25$?
Expecting a dump
^
Do it, I need to make my money back
at least wait til next monday or early next tuesday before earnings
Try restarting the app. Not even joking.
They fucked me 3 days ago. App wouldnt let me sell. Went from $1500 profit to $500 loss. Still no response from support.
MM inverses WSB puts duh
It might have to do with the general vaccine news wave.
I'm holding.
Holding
Bought at $11, sold at $31, bought at $22, selling in a couple years.
they dont like money
Retweet. Sold my 12.50 EVRI call yesterday. Thousand$
They got a target price upgrade
naw buy calls
i'd say yes, so i buy call to inverse myself  
I had 50 $18 dollar calls when BP was 15 dollars. All expiring december. I got rid of them because I was worried.
Nearly vertical and up .25%, zoom out
bullish
he wants u
Makes no sense
25% ...why
5/21 200C
sit on it to stop the itchiness of your    
GME
NMCI
Sell covered calll
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
TSLA   600.0|5.6|5.7|5.64|2.37|67.194%

**Unusual option activity detected on the TSLA 600.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

TSLA 600.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 18 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehts61&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
It's a day before expiration, yes.
yeah get out of there man
i sold a few 16 puts
I've been mentioning RAD here all week, and started last week. That shit flew under the radar while people here were losing money on PLTR
Been on this bihhhhhh
The difference is this year you had a president who decided that his only barometer for success was going to be stock market gains, including having a 30 second press conference to announce the Dow over 30k. Thus, unlimited Fed market support was born.
Low volume?
That happened to me almost instantly
Over 10M earlier this week.
shoutout to mr cohen
Agree. I'd wait a few weeks before puts. We also have a year end rebalance coming.
Wish I bought more at $151
Mooning to the earth's core....you belong here
yup
Maybe
Only had shares but sold most before earnings... Oh well
it'll be a slow recovery im sure
I have a lot of experience and the chart is baffling really no clue
Try to be a bit more forward looking ok? Ask not what LAZR has done in the past, but what LAZR can do in the future.
Probably now.
Its in the mail thanks for playing our free trial
Call the district manager asap!
(x) doubt
No
What date?
ZS has low key retard strength
Take a good look, this price action is what awaits GME in the future.... tread carefully if you're in
im sure hell pay if he payed 3k already bruh
How about just forget it? Business travel never coming back.
Proiced in, mate.
Welcome to the party. Here, have a drink.
seaZSon
Meeee. Got 75c for Feb a couple weeks ago. Sitting at 100% right now
What it does best
I'm you. Just with two remaining calls doing the same. **Stay strong, Palantirian.**
This morning I closed out CCL puts expiring in a couple weeks sitting at 99% loss because I was sick of seeing it and following the fucking ticker. Felt so rewarding to close.
Zoom out
I'm waiting for it to consolidate after the blow out...wish I saw this earlier, could have been a sweet day trade
Mrmd
You sure? It just says the re-convene at 12.
Bigger dump coming
Don't go chasing
Yes
wtf? no
Sell
A true clown, "investing" in a company when you don't know what they do. 

Self-driving cars, fool! 
You're golden. They make LIDAR, its essentially short range radar. Some autononous cars use it, Elon hates it, but it seems to work pretty well compared to the cameras Tesla use. Its also used in archeology and mining to map whats under ground.
They make the thing that lets computers see stuff.
They work in Lazer technology for the next generation of lazer tag. They do it with VR, so you can play lazer tag remotely with your friends.
Would you bet your house on it.
What is it now I just woke up after shitposting til 4am last night
Or buy a put that expires eow
Not healthy to buy puts on a company you hate. Snap god damn near killed me
U got puts?
what did it do?
That meeting in March where Putin gave MBS the finger started the big dump. I remember being on the wrong side of that.
Spy puts
ACB cheap calls house voting on decriminalizing weed Friday.
Feb AAL $20 strikes     Stimulus $ will jump them into low to mid $20s
On sale today this will for holiday season
It's a bastion of financial stability.  Better to park free cash in NKLA than gold.
Hold; don't bet against the boomers right now
Lock profits, re enter. Already itm so it's just a theta game now.
flat is death for you unless you have shares so it's giving you what you want
Weve gotten so desperate as long as it doesnt end -10% we are happy
lol what are you talking about - we are at all time highs on nearly everything... Every red gets bought up and turns green
Travel a tourism is due to bounce if you do long plays.
Shouldve bought PLTR
This is a good play. Good luck.
Too many bullish retards buying calls forcing mms to buy stock. The real blood bath is the sell the news day when millennial makes have to get a job again / can go to bars. No more FD buyers, no more mm buy hedges, and then bloodbath.
Entry, until youve entered. Then its all about the exit.
Exit to minimize loss and maximize profit
exit, gotta know when to cut your losses and profits. entering low is important but if you dont know when to exit thats when you go broke
Exit 100%
50/50
There is no such thing as the top with LULU. Whats the expiry?
Lmao, did the exact same thing. 28% rise in 3 hours gotta cool off at some point
Rotation into NKLA
I sold my puts yesterday.
Thinking about it, whats your play?
I'm holding some further out calls for that very gamble
huh
Why would u say such a thing? Do.not.think. ATH all the time...forever. What could go wrong? Truly, the early tape action Monday & Wednesday this week. They will never ever let this thing go anywhere else but straight up. The shorts tested both days & didnt just fail. ..They got fukin annihilated as a message to never ever try it again. Bonkers! & barely legal, to boot.
He giveth and taketh
how far out?
You can simply say "garrotted"
Probably. Just dont see why they have to be so gay about it
Look at JD too.

Barely any fucking dips to buy up and it just keeps running higher and higher. Usually outperforms BABA except for today

BABA has more room to climb in the short term tho, I would be confident in BABA $290c for a month or more out. JD is good to $90 and after that I am not sure in the near term
Or they get delisted Friday because your DD sucks.
DKNG 1/15 50c and BA 240p 12/4
I bought leaps but I honestly should have just bought FD's....
who?
Pretty mad I sold my leaps in for only 75% gain when the price was at like 18 a share
Which means theres a chance it could hit 21 next year if all goes well 
Underrated comment.
That's 87% increase. Are you that confident in it or is this a bluff?
Theta too high to play options
Taxed on gains or not
Taking profits and losing out on potentially more gains always hurts less than just straight up losing all your gains. Always take some profits, unless you are confident or retarded enough to not care
Yes. Someone thinks the stock will go up.
Got 180/170 puts
Naw do a monthly call.
41 here. I hold though and sell 55$ calls until I get assigned.
No brainer
Without going back and looking I remember it was bigly green but then got kinda rocky until people saw what stimulus could do in April then it was an elevator back to spy ATH with only the brief dip in June (which totally nuked my portfolio of 100% airlines and airline weeklies btw)
Sell the news
Season starts this month right?
Maybe
yes  - every share counts.
opti/au tism for cruise industry recovery due to vaccine
No Passenger cruises equals higher share price... Who knew?
Big green dildos forming
expires worthless
All the dummies who still don't understand how the world works will panick sell for a loss and I'll laugh and wave from the gains train.
Theyre going to moon
I have some. Just not sure the valuation on some of these tech companies; splunk, snow, etc.. theres a lot of competition in this space
is biden a rigger?
Its a dog with fleas.
with you.. took profits from ccl and pushed into spy pootz.
Very high
So buy?
AAL stock price is not even close to recover to pre covid level.  Now only maybe 60% precovid level is priced in.
You really think so??
same here :(
optimism for vaccine approval in play - money was also stuck in tech for a while

My guess vaccine optimism and stimulus pre-initial- preliminary possible agreements.
Hope so, my 16.5c is looking forward to it.
Which put?
Best news!!!!
Yes.
Yikes dude you probably held on too long already so idk, its just straight up riverboat gambling at this point
Hold
definitely roll that if u intend on keeping, its not getting to 600 tmr imo
You can sell today for a loss, sell tomorrow for a bigger loss, or let it expire eod tomorrow which would be most exciting! Look up theta decay seems like you dont have an understanding of it. That option is worth ~ 5.50 at time of post, tomorrow, barring a YUGE move upwards, at open your option will have lost ~ 4.50 of its value. Meaning TSLA will need to gap up $20+ tomorrow or move up after open extremely fast, for you to even break even.
Should have sold it this morning my guy. At this point you should just hold and hope for a big AH run
Luck has nothing to do with it
Thats what I was thinking
Pltr duhh buy the dip
BA 12/4 put
ccl
Jets over
Gme calls 1 hour before close on Tuesday. Can you wait that long?
should have went all in on airlines yesterday
DSGT, just got a license to sell electric cars and under a dollar right now. Could be nothing could be insane.
Tesla
So excited to see this; we're gonna eat good for Christmas this yr
Probably Monday. I think after the recent run up lots of people are taking profit
do you dare bet against the BECKERS ?
yeah.. we need melon to do some off the wall shit again to drop the value of the stock significantly..... so we can buy the dip again.
Time to buy in confirmed
Positions ?
Gay bear
JNJ
I wish I could buy people stocks for Christmas, its pretty much all I would buy.
had a chance to pull out of my 19.5p 12/4 yesterday morning when it dipped to the 19.50s, but obviously i was at work
Possible stimulus money getting thrown their way???
good luck buddy
Think you should roll that to the 12/18 exp if you can
12/11 is gonna eat time decay in the face until earnings Tuesday AH, by the time you sell on Wednesday you really need a big move to make sense.

even 12/18 is close, but further than that becomes more pricey.
I sold my NCLH and SAVE leaps a week ago, so at least you're not the only dumbass on here.
Yes
Sell that hoe and go enjoy your tendies.
very risky
700 tbh
Take it out to 12/24 instead, 650 is too risky
Its going to sit at 123 for eternity
Ok we get it you can read. Explain in shapes or emojis for us please
Its how it do, but give it some time, there will be more news soon
Buy shares to help with the squeeze
[deleted]
Lol, what strike price are you looking at?
PLTR
PTON
I did. Now what?
Bought calls and leaps on that 2 weeks ago
Atleast u didn't lose money. However you could have made easy money with even meme stocks these past 4 months
My $65 12/4 NIO calls I sold Monday are printed
How far otm?
Up she goes 
Theyre shit
vote tonight? we going to the moon tmr... going to sell at open lol
Is tomorrow the vote?
The extension today will be pushing that out to like April.
If you want to watch your money stay flat for the next year, sure
Please do
Maybe
Lul what? It's still down 9% from yesterday
" but.... but Michael Burry"

Fuck that retard
Every dime you have should go into TSLA. :-)
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PLTR   30.0|0.81|0.88|0.81|-0.04|151.396%


PLTR 30.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 10 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehgj8s&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I admire your wishful thinking but nah your calls are fucked.
Yep
proof or ban
Source?
Do you mean he sold 38% of his shares or do you have new information?
Sauce?
You think we are smart?
Sitting around doing fucking nothing except waiting for your government check..... that is why you will always be Europoors.
because people belive the " we are all in this together BS"
Bold of you to assume Muricans had brains in the first place
Chimpu?
Nice $65 10%+ of share price range. You a guru or something
Just as good as the shit you get from "pro analysts". They say it might go up, might go down, or might be flat. Gimme some $$$ and I'll type that up and put it on the main page of MW.
You gotta open the peanut butter jar. You gotta open the jam jar. You gotta decide if you want to use two knives or cross contaminate with one knife and turn that jam into a dirty peanut butter whore
Try making sandwiches for multiple autistic kids at once. Nope, thaw the fucker and boom theres lunch.
AH Crew: Nick @ Nite

PM Crew: Nick Jr.
Convenience.

But when youre a parent of two young kids you identify whole heaps of scams.

Most of which is lunchables. Youre paying like 1.90 of the 2.00 for the wrapping.

I discovered it takes me like a minute to cut up bologna and cheese and put crackers in a small container at 15-20% cost of lunchable.
Better
I like them frozen
Down 11c AH? Been sitting there since last night, I believe.
I have puts
Lol
Yes
Getting or giving?
So if youre giving and receiving a rimmer at the same time - is it a 0.0 instead of a 69?
This isnt CommunistBets
DemocratBets
Shit has literally not moved
Where?
TurtleBoy is a cunt
You cant kill The Poor by giving them barely enough to survive
Or they are underwriting the next offering lol
The time to buy calls was yesterday
15
Strike?
Diamond handing a couple 25s I bought towards the bottom of the dip Tuesday
go hibernate or something
55
No, I dont think I will
Yes... kinda. Theyre moving to Apple Exchange.
Only wrong with buying at 70 if you bag hold it like a moron
i hate airlines long term. 6 months, theyre probably a good play tho. whats your fav out of them?

AIRLINES GANG FUCK YEAH

100% RETURN ON DAL SHARES FOR ME
good thing im handsome af
Yes cant wait till ppl figure out stock offerings are dilution and airline valuations crash 
okay mr paper hands
someone mad
Take my up vote for the insult.

The rest of us want to make money here
didn't Ackman do that with Herbalife
The alternative is not helping the less fortunate at all.
I threw 70% of money into to YOLO
Will drop more
It was up premarket yesterday too and dumped at open. Hopefully it doesnt do the same.
I got some 25/C for the 11th for a buck each 
Not all $3.50?
Do it
Someone buy a stick of RAM or something. I need this fucking stock to move up!
CNBC just had an article about how its a buy long term
Good. Easy entry at open ?
The up 0.52% thing? 
My dad's account is balls deep in apple shares, CSP's, short term calls, and leaps. Dude has autist mode turned all the way up

If by personally you mean with wings, Im all for it.
YOU WISH IT WAS GARBAGE
Fuck SQ
I never heard of this stock but yes do it
Does it list today or are you buying under the SPAC ticker?
I did as well, the name sounds cool
went down so has to go up
What comes down must come up. Science bitch
got splk yesterday it's freefall like CRM, outlook is still great with cloud computing which is going to stay and future
Rebounddd
boomers not sure what slack is but know that the definition of Slack = lazy. boomers hate lazy millennials using slack. lazy millennial programmers use slack to WFH , millennials smarter than boomers, boomers envious slackers can work in undies.
70% chance of mooning.
So but a long dated spy 260p
UVXY and VXX don't reflect that whatsoever

this market is retarded load up UVXY
If stimulus isn't passed its gg
Priced in
300 by 2022
What's its former glory, 215?
this made me buy 27c dec 19
Im bout to nut
News spread that thiel bought over 10 mil in pltr past couple days so ppl still support it
Hasnt it already been dumped the past few days? Lol
Y would it lol
Today
Might as well be today
540 eod
Been diamond handing all week. Today is our day
Ride it to Valhalla
You know a ton are gonna FOMO back in if they see it keep up momentum
Sure bud
When can we buy in.
Cant go tits up
Sounds good bud
Did you sell?

if the gods are with us
Hahahaha
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
TSLA   600.0|8.7|8.9|8.88|5.61|74.568%


TSLA 600.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 17 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehmh8q&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I cannot fucking wait ti see who they're bringing public lol
Lol
Profit taking
paper mario hands lmao
Bears want people to suffer. Bulls want everyone to get rich. Bears are sadist assholes!
New ath fuck citron
42 EOW
So good!!!!!!
Yeeeee shouldve bought more yesterday

Down 5:(
Smart money coming in
Mmfaooo
Stay strong brother.
no it isn't
Why tho, hold man
Where do you see that type of information?
Lvl2 or are you the retard selling them?
P. L. T. R's back ALRIGHT!
Guess who's back back back

PLTR is back back back

Back again, tell a friend 
I only care about Spacstreet boys
I will cry
what if it breaks 226?
Any rumors on which one they will merge with
nah psth is nkla, they don't have a target yet, all rumor=vaporware
No, this is it. Apple $123 from now until apocalypse
To be honest at this point I just want to divest AAPL. The bag holding would be better used in another pot.
its already a trillion dollar company, how much more could they possibly be worth
Gay asf
Pew pew
No options showing on TDA yet this meme is not WSB approved
Their are no options for this shit
memes but it really gained legs when they announced that army contract.
You werent here for the army contract?
Autists happened
Is it though?
Id hold dawg. Yeah, its nice to play around and get some good plays but youre going to make so much fucking money on that if you just hold for a while.
you're holding that much garbage just to try and get a flair...?
if your cost basis is 35 or lower, just hold
Not with orders coming back.  Those days are gone I think.
Me neither. Airlines have a terrible outlook regardless of the vaccine. But boomers go brrr
no
No the doubt is over. Its going to 400
See you Monday
U mad bro ?
Who fucking knows
Earnings out yesterday. 110% increase in revenue and profitable company. Sells off 3%. Analysts come in and say Fuck me, good earnings! and its up 13%
Give it a week.
Sounds like she is
Only if she is attracted to you
I'd bang her eyes out too bro, I understand. wait
Pussy is pussy bro
only if they find the body.. and even then, only if you leave "dna" inside
You need to be red pilled lol
Why would it be? Anyone can give price targets. Its up to the market to decide to listen to them or not
patience dude
Looks like we wont have those going forward
Ill fucking cream with you
No options available yet.
This shit has been parroted 24/7 for weeks on this sub. Idk why you think youre revolutionary.
kinda wanna see some non-govt contracts now
Cant believe I have to say this but nobody cares that you bought at the top and youre bagholding trying to justify your shitty choices
Because people value it as such. Just like a tin can in a museum can be worth 3 million.
Because they might sell 500,000 cars this year.
Because that is how math works.
It's a secret, you pedo guy.
Money follows ambition and people like cool shit. Satelite free internet, going to mars, self driving cars, meme flamethowers, epic breakthrough batteries. He's got it all.
Outstanding years of revenue
too low imo
>Price action for PLTR in premarket is the exact same as the previous few days

premarket was down like 12% yesterday? it's up 3% today?
Gay mods banned me for saying the exact same thing
Nio baby and cause your a fellow addy head crm
when the stress hits, being on adderall will make you impulsive af
Say what
DIS 
Which one hoe?
How about a hint?
info?
which one
yoooo
FUBO
Gamestop tv?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PLTR   40.0|0.0|0.01|0.01|0.01|265.397%


PLTR 40.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 51 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehmyfb&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I got more.
Do you reckon its going lower?
Found the 1980s floor trader
Why would you sell when it drops? You sell when it moons.

But with PLTR, don't sell until at least 2025
Goto r/investing
Are you fucking serious???..... mods ban this silly fuck before his stupid pollutes the fucking WSB gene pool.
You can, but you gotta be good or funny
wall street would back you
futures. easy. done. gtfo.
It's odd that your freedom loving country has such restrictive laws, yet socialist Canada has no day trading restrictions.
What is this read that youre talking about?
I can read
And hes not bad either 
Youre about 3 years late
he's been doing it since like the 80s i think. over 30 years

&#x200B;

edit: there's footage of him spinning some carribean wealthfest surrounded by young beautiful women and boozin pretty funny. This was while he was CEO too
Someone sold their calls and bought puts lmao
Sir this is a charity
Hahaha just the man I was looking for . Lets see how this comment ages. Palantards take note !!
HAHAHAHAHA
Nah never, not a chance. It will face rip upward by 4.5% for the day, and then over the course of the next weeks it will fade
I agree sell off is over I got in at 46, sweet spot for what tho?
they will take years to recover i say no
With another lockdown looming? Idts
Yes unquestionably
When is the vote?
[deleted]
Better 3 minutes ago.
A couple days ago
Never!
HA. YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!! - wsb pltr gang
Its already happened
That whats happens when you turn over 30
Do I smell a paper hand ?
She will blame it on the progressives...again.  All she wants to do is protect her wealth and bicker.
explanation is to screw trump by screwing US people
Looks like your dog gonna eat you instead
Loaded up some more at the flat 16. Sphincter is tight but I feel good.
Jokes on you, Kamala says $35
Fuck you, Donald says $30
Ivanka Hugnkiss?
Sleepy Joe just woke up with a big green dildo
This is the way
!remindme 9 hours delusional perma bull who browses the Nio sub gets a taste of reality
Lol who places the price targets, delusional analysts who always raise targets after the fact not before the drop
Rotation into American EV companies 




Never doubt Elong




TSLA




Negative ghost rider, NIO is already compliant under guidelines. Why post shit you dont know ?
Rip or rip?
Good
In your dreams
Naw. Trap @ 25 then plunge lol
Sounds exactly like a comment from a guy who just learned about IV last week.
Can you let me have one thing for five fucking minutes
My calls were up 6% EOD yesterday, and Im selling at open. IV can suck my microdick
IV means nothing if you are a share holder
Going to be 5 by the end of the month
Dead company being algo pumped for a huge dump once retail fomos
terribly profitable
Im not in PLTR, but theyre Absolutely not a terrible company and a great long term hold
No dude their totally gonna revolutionize big data paradigms. I don't know how, but they are
Who cares as long as they print
True
Yep, seeing Goldman join the target-price leapfrogging gang is just embarrassing. That they need such headline-grabbing guff shows how far their star has fallen
Imagine not already holding PFE
Could never be me
PSTH merging with robinhood you heard it here first
Never
PSTH is merging with y our mom, this is going to be HUGE !
I think of buying 6 figures worth of stuff all the time. I only have 4 figures of buying power though.
Never

50% of Business travel will  never return to pre pandemic level

66% Americans still do not want to travel in 737 max
I think Skywise will help guide it there
Lmao never
People rarely use their guns but they do buy them. Lotta stuff out of stock or in short supply right now
I'd be careful. Lot of redstates area probably loaded up with the looting and public unrest leading up to election date
My crazy BIL bought five AKs in the last month
I bought yestersay at 21.70
$15
Around 20 is good, gonna go sideaways now imo
I think it dips first 30 minutes. Buy then. Dont buy any crazy FD with short expiry tho
TSLA biggest bang for your buckaroos today. Next stop $750
TSLA, but wait for a dip
Apparently AAL is using them domestically now
Famous danish investor (Lars Tvede) says every ~10 years there is a major economic/stock crash, and hes been right the past 40 years, and he believes this current crash was one, so he thinks the next period starts now; Bull the next ~10 years
Founders of Grindr
A leftie
This is the way
Charlie from Benzinga on ToS.  I used to listen to The Trading Fraternity, but I can't handle that shit anymore.  Dude knows shit shit, but...

You might dig it, though
I watch CNBC only because I cant find anything else. Good question!
Whats rr?
I am just in case of squeeze also I cant afford January calls with all my RKT losses
it really is a complete wildcard, i can totally see almost every outcome from $1 - $1000 being realistic
I mean, how down are your calls? If the remaining value is a joke, why not? And while I don't super subscribe to the running theory here, there may be some big news post-earnings for GME anyway.

It definitely has plenty of life in it.
Nah that 200 IV is insane look at selling 15 20 Jan put vertical if you think it's going up then profit off IV crush
You mean losses. They have no earnings.
Thanks guys, appreciate the advice. Calls down maybe 20% or so.
there won't be a chart in 2021
You tell me 
Do a trade off. I do your mom and you can do mine
Cuck it out
ask 'em what their price is, then flip that $$$ into $GME calls.
Mothers - sexy??? Doesn't compute.

Do you have the hots for your own mom, considering you find her sexy?
Never hold overnight and they can be a good profit play.
I have a 299 call for 12/31 and its so far worth 5 dollars more than I paid.  Let me know if anyone wants advice from someone whos eating today.
Lol its up 20$ from where it closed
just look at the 100 years chart,  stonk only go up.

If you buy LEAP call on SPY,  you can't lose, EVER.   It's fact.
Seriously! If stocks don't go up a lot today you are actually poorer due to the bloodbath taking place in DXY
I give it 15mins before it crashes into oblivion.
12/18 30c
You win.
What will that mean for today
Otm >30dte. Itm is gay as hell
sideways to 2021
The wrong way
I hate that stock
Definitely hold
 mods convinced you to baghold
gonna need more than that lol...
RH tells me im down 99%, but i just ignore it.
You resub -> amzn announces its 1billionth subscriber -> tendies
Theyre like $50 off their ath. Never too late
Hell na
Yes
2.5% is moon?
This vaccine is getting approved in a week, its coming
I'm pretty green whatyoumean
June 2017?
LOL? The time to buy puts on TSLA is literally the last few days, huge dick upswings of $40. Easily could have made bank
Strike and exp plz
Not yet. No move.ent there at all
The worst is KSS and Macys. Theyre up 90% since 11/20... which with the holidays is barely a few full day trading sessions. KSS and M are having the most insane retard strength since Nov 1. Disgusting.
Yeah but you'll never get an inverted boner again either
join me on the property websites obsessing about average house prices and equity
translation: your concept of the market is broken
Pls 
Maybe 10. Depends on how the House votes on the bill.
Its at $24 what do you want?
No itll actually print money
PLTR is the next PLTR
This is the way
But my SPY 370c. You guys said 400 EOY easy. I would like to talk to the manager.
vix is dead 
Why would we see 400 at all. Like how retarded do you have to be to think the S&P will hit 4000. Literally the fed would have to print money to get us to that level.
I was 150% now I'm only 100 :(
Nah get a pc avoid those membership fees!
Bout to*
3600 EOY
No shit. Can't even fucking hold 3200 anymore
370 by close - relax bro
Right but BTFD
Makes sense since gronk is the richest tightend to ever play 
Discount
I got calls for $85 Jan 2022.  Let's get this money.
So you can buy cheap calls
Hopefully soon my guy
Hopefully soon man
lol you deserve to lose money if you're that impatient
imminent is the word you are looking for
I bought the dip yesterday YES everyone sleeping on this one
Fuck I hope so
All time high
you are free? I charge 500 "roses"
I really think vote results will be announced AH.
Thought the same thing... on toilet now and can confirm it was just the shits
As someone who has bought garbage Corsair products and regretted it, this comes as no surprise. Pump and dump lol
F
Bought at 39.50. you bailing or holding?
I bought calls at 37. Did not look like a bull trap to me...
it went full retard with downies and now it's going full retard with uppies
Stfu
People didnt think a company who thrives on acquisitions should have acquired a company that needed to be acquired.
Much more likely that people have used up all their UI or have otherwise dropped out of the labor force to care for kids/elderly
The greatest solution to the unemployment numbers is simply to remove people once theyve been on unemployment long enough
Who cares why. Facts are facts.
No, numbers don't add up. Deaths are still elderly (not in workforce), face value numbers wouldn't be enough on their own
Or people have been unemployed over the threshold.
been holding 12/18 50c since May.

paid $0.18
Only if you have short dated positions
12/4 calls
Yes. Its not gonna drop in one day but its gonna trend down for a while.
Great move. Lame ass boomer stock.
Its barely down, pretty much flat. Or were you expecting a boomer stock to keep pumping several days in a row?
Huh???? Foh
Lmao the  got to you
You sold on -15% day? Yikes
Weeklies?
sell the news.

&#x200B;

remindme! 2 weeks
Thicc
Give me 25 or give me death
Never heard of it
Who TF has time to think about anything other than money u retard
I only like lesbians that fuck dudes.
horny!
Most of them are bi sexual. No lesbian doesn't like a cock in their ass.
its up 8.5% you fucking loser, fuck off

just bought more, thanks
Gimp
thats not how it works
Options trading doesnt affect the stock price chief
Your calls are so fucked lol
Does that actually do shit?
Thats only like a 2 hour trip one way. 4 hours really aint all that far. If youre like foaming at the mouth for one Id say go for it
Yes cyberpunk comes out in 6 days.
Get a PC bruv
It should display a black screen and the message "you died" every time your account hits zero
If you have 10-20k yes pre market is ideally where you can make a fuckton safely
>No options
>Gambling
Yes
Whats funny?
Hell yeah.
Except the part about Nio. And then being at all related.
Lmao
Bend over.
get fucked short term
Bruv
I have set up stock accounts for my small ones. The youngest said buy AAPL today with her 529 deposit. Soon theyll be in here talking about fomos and yolos!
You're a good dude
Its gonna drill. Just like it has all week.
Sell offs donezo
Kinda cute, not sure if I'm now gay. Ah well, might buy some puts just to be sure
Wow so youre dumb and ignorant, not a good combination there fella

Hahahahaha
Peculiar description
Just go on break at 9:29... duh.
Just wait
Suspect slow going yeah, it's almost as if it should go down but we just ran out of sellers. Everyone in the stock now wants to hold onto it but we don't have rocket ship momentum.

I think it's going to be the sloooow train ride up the hill for now.
All priced in
Finally an actual question. Morning if ure productive. Evening if ure lazy
Depends on how often you take a dump in the day
Both
Morning is preferable
evening if you're out and about all day
Neither 
Whenever the hell you want
I shower once a week now
Decide based on the filth. Hygiene is day trading for smells.
Evening because you get dirty and oily throughout the day. And jump into bed clean
Los Santos Police Department? 
Los Santos Police Department
Lesbians Selling Pussy Deodorant

100$ EOY
I have it in all 3 accounts. Along with ETSY.
2040
Oh good another Chinese stock
It won't, but consider it a very long-term investment.
Because somebody told you it was going to doublep
I made my money in GE yesterday.... dont fear boomer stocks. If your charting says its a buy, it doesnt fucking matter what type of stock it is.
The problem with F or GM is every time they start turning things around and doing well here come the Union negotiators
Print yes. Print big...? No.
What are you holding?
Should I? What the move?
1 hr before close is cutoff
Yes if you sell before close obv
Yes pretty sure it's rolled out
Go for it
No... I stopped fucking with 'em. They been bullshitting.
You know since S&W makes shitty guns that most of the populace can afford...and the surge in gun sales...you may be on to something here.
Theyre 77 cents because its not going to drop 5% today.
Crwd gonna run Im hopping in
Imo just hold, everyone speculating there will be a dip but it might not come
What time is the vote?
PFE 42c 12/11 here, you?
Hold it for another month then get rid of it.
Its really testing these weak hands
CRSR is in the short sale restriction list today so I think it will be either flat or pale green. Don't quote me on that tho
It is going to shit the bed until its back down to ipo level. I will have to baghold until 2022
Possible. It has some resistance around 53-54, but beyond that the volume is pitiful. If we get past that, its off and running.
PLTR
LAZR jst came out today
GME?
APHA
Spy puts
Yeah but consumer demand is going to fall in tandem. Oil should remain where it's at or fall.
already loaded up, let's gooooo!
Ban
Gtfoh
At the ground it might find support, like 0
>Comeback city boys, lets get some cheddar

you realize the market is generally up this week so far yes?
No guidance
Sounds like my ex wife. Like a board with waterballons tacked on.
DAL and BAC
Theres a yuge catalyst
No such thing as QUAD TOPS! WE ARE SAVING THE EARTH IF NOT WERE GOING TO MARS!
Lol banks have opened up the flood gates. I hope it bounces one more time so I can cram the rest of my portfolio into calls, but I think the 500's are about to be gone forever
Its just been quietly breaking out of that boring channel it was stuck in for the last three months in the last two weeks. Its wonderful and overdue.
Imagine you did it last month though
Im waiting til more act passes house. Theres no way in hell it passes senate so that will be the short term peak imo
I would.  


Also UN has reclassified the drug as less serious. Maybe hold a handful of shares long
I read your comment in a Russian accent.
what news i got a call hope it prints
UP UP UP
F
just wait and hold man
Guess this is the sign boys, buy!!
End of 2021 maybe
bro just checked, I got in at 5.3 been holding for so long might buy the dips hoping it climbs more idk if I buy and hold or get out
Hit 10 figures, hit the day trade club, then 10x your account and post it
Like weekly cash covered puts?
lofi beats to relax/chill to
Pirates of The Caribbean
PHUB
PH
OANN if you wanna have a good laugh at conspiracy land
look man all I know is I've never seen that ticker moon without the market tanking

it is a fucking canary in a coal mine
Wtf happened
Never give up- high school gym coach
Is that the lgbt version of 5 guys
Buy
Sell at open, dont wait until it fades all day yet again.
LONG NET in my 401k. And FTCH. Shhh don't tell anyone. +71% past month
SPY up today.
Sell CRWD, cash in on those profits
Its like they're going...wait for it...SPLUNKING
For CRM im in a $250c 1/15/21
CRM $230 01/15/21 IV 44%

Probably going to hang on to this one for a bit.
$25
$35
20
18
if someone knew this do you think they would be lurking on WSB? seriously
Yesterday
Half of us made bank in the matter of two weeks. The other half are bagholding
Easy Im buying today
why
Get in on CRM if you can at open
Everyones buying back into crm at the sales price....10 years theyll be a faang counterpart
Because the news always needs something different to focus on
CHWY earnings on 12/8 SQ just got an upgrade and CRM was beat down
equally as likely as any other set of numbers

just because they are consecutive doesn't make it any less likely
Should I buy ozon
Uh oh
Fuck me man you were right
Okay what's the bull case here? Who is buying their stuff and why?
what strike n exp u got?
CRM SQ CHWY ICLN
Transgenders?
There's already like 9 generations of GoPro and the last 7 do 4k
Eh it drilled to the core yesterday so a bounce was likely.
Oh no. You poor soul.
Crm 250 Jan or feb
Yes
AMC is selling 200 million shares. More than are currently outstanding.
GPRO calls
Brcx
CRM free money
Itll dtop before open, then go back to 600
Damn. 843 right at bell for 165p
Yes
Americans are trash pandas who will eat just about anything. Likewise, they have are extraordinarily lazy and so are willing to pay a premium for sloth.
Grizzly or Black bear?
In theory a bear, but that doesnt factor in when JPow and his money printer 5000 steps in and drowns the bear
I'd be interested in a polar bear Vs Auroch fight.
126
Why
You're retarded. We are literally going to sit at 366 until Monday. MMs will not be paying out on 300k+ 370 calls expiring Friday.
Money printer go brrrrr
I'm voting 
thank god I've been bag holding that for MONTHS
yep...below the VWAP...waiting for 567ish, if breaks that then 555?
They are just giving me a discount to buy in. Dont worry.
I bought 2 shares at 1201 randomly a month ago I'm pretty happy
Theta gang winning
Whats the Vega?  If Vega is high then small IV movement can move the price a lot.
Amd will probably reach 100 soon by some stocks
Not enough meme strength. Itll be a slow ride
It goes down ever mourning than goes back up in the first half hour
yea saw that too
ban for retardation
Chinese EVs are currently only listed in the US, so if they are delisted you can't buy or sell them anymore. Other chinese companies like Alibaba at least have listings in HK so you could conceivably buy/sell on in HKs market.

It's 3 years to comply, but the chinese government has been impeding regulatory compliance since 2013 and supposedly make it a law that international regulators can't force compliance for "states secrets" reason.
PLTR
AMD, SQ, TSLA
PLTR calls!!!
INTC with their partnership with Amazon on AI
i was thinking the same smh
We could do that without an entity if we held majority voting power
I'm holding 12/18 40.5C  because I feel like vaccine news isn't in full swing
US approval is imminent. That will be the major catalyst (UK news was a taster).
>ASAN,

<google>

 Autistic Self Advocacy Network ??
buying until dec 22
Optimizing 500 parallel REST API calls per second to one of our vendors without them cucking me with rate limits.
You havent heard? PLTR 40c 12/4 BBY
Fuck zscaler, shit doesn't work and I get cucked at work for it
I'm trying to sell at $26
20 MA still trending up. Its good to go
Cant seem to go below 17, always hits 17 then rallys from people covering short.
You think it hits 30+ by tomorrow?
Shh...don't tell these retards about our baby
whats your price prediction?
We'll find out today
With options I sell at 20% usually unless I have real belief in the stock
bro if i hit 30% in one trading day i immediately cash out and wait for the next entry point, gotta secure the tendies when you can especially when you get that much in a small timeframe
If crm can hold thats a win
Who really want to pay like 1000x next years numbers for a stock?
Dinosaur big box retailer during a pandemic with more shutdowns imminent?  Hmm no idea
I went in with 2 min of DD
TSLA is a stock company. The stock prints tendies.
once the morning paperhands run we gonna fly
Holddddd
Yes 300c looking juicy
Hold
I just bought in, im holding
I'm pretty much just bagholding it now.

12/4 8.5c which is pretty much worthless at this point.
God I hope
It's literally above the industry and it's 5-year average P/E.
Dont do it
Nah
Wouldn't recommend, go look into it but I heard really bad things about the ER and guidance.
After close today
I have no fucking clue Im stressing
you don't get assigned shares on a call you sold you have to give up shares

you get shares from selling puts
was considering buying crwd yesterday. arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Yup. They slayed earnings.  Im long on this one.
More important to give incentive to employee instead of check right in hand to people.....majority of people are dumb af...
I knew ZS was going to beat earnings....

I have been watching them sice March and last earnings I made 10k in about 5 minutes 1-DTE calls

Was too chicken shit to do it this morning sadly, thanks to some massive losses in October I am recovering from
Been looking at it since you told me, regret not getting in earlier. I think il get in at open tomorrow
Sooo puts?
OH MY GOD you know that I'll be back
Sell puts
For the last 3 months, yes
*sigh*

BofA what.
B-b-bofa?
BBY
Im holding shares
because i sold my Jan 15 calls yesterday at close
I know it. Holding options and watching the price fluctuations is too much for my heart.
Isnt that when NOT to get into the train is when its green 
Its Walmart profit taking
Buy BA
Im paperhanding NIO 12/4 47c
How? Long expiry? My 225c Jan is "only" worth $2k
Same here it just needs to go up 50% from now
Keep me updated on your journey.
Theta gang thanks you for your tendies
hammer CRM dip?
Its taking a break, it's not gonna be a straight line up. I would buy more calls a couple months out. I've been buying all morning.
> This is a great plane.

The 737 max? You may be the first person to ever say that
Dec traditionally flat for AMZN. Then amazon reports in Feb and everyone realizes all the Christmas shopping online. Buy amazon and hold till FEB
Ive been in on NET since $35. My largest non-index fund position. Feels good man.
No more than 3 in a rolling 24 hour period
Ive drank 2 a day for 4 years now. Healthy as a horse.
I don't think they're healthy at all...but survivable that's all that matters
Switch to cocaine, your kidneys will thank you.
Puts on your heart
I'm fighting for 25 here
done
It's a weird combination of blue chip value stock and tech vibe, and their sales haven't gone down.
They have one of the best retail apps for ordering their coffee and food. My girlfriend uses it literally every day.
It doesn't make sense. Much like most of the market right now.
Because all the boomers who paid cash for their 2 dollar covfefe are no longer buying and the only ones still are are beckys and Karens with their $7.50 soy bone dry upside down 136 degree mochacinnos
to ride you
Can be a danger sign, but can also just mean speculation. It's not nearly at the worry point yet.
$615 lets ripppppp
 5 fiddy
Yes
You have to pay less by 10-20% for someone to buy it. You need to different people that will low bid you.
In RH I usually close one leg at a time, because they suck.
What makes you say that? From what I heard the meeting started at 10 with an announcement at 11.
Ya, why play when gains are easy? Might as well wait when it's tough!
GME is a longer play & will moon higher the more people **buy & hold shares**, not calls. If their Q3 is good, expect moon. If Q3 isn't good, expect long dong Cohen to pull a takeover & then take it to the moon his autistic self early next year. Either way moon, but no one knows the timing. Long GME APHA QS ACLS
Right? I'm gonna sell it at $29.5. If it breaks the $30 barrier then good for them and I might buy back some shares. But, from what we've seen in the last week, it drops like hell whenever it nears $30
I keep saying it, get rid of those bags or show us the porn.
Shh your scaring it! let him rise up on his own
Rush in to buy as soon as possible at the top and then baghold for a year
What about travel related stocks like BA, DAL, AA, NLCH, etc. 

They are all still much lower than their pre COVID values. I would also consider them all to be too big to fail, especially since were in the home stretch now with the vaccines starting.
I hope you held those calls yesterday
Dead and gone, the only bull thesis now is a value play. I think it's a value trap, $9 EOY
what does it sell?
People are hyping increased revenues.  I mean it's illogical because costs also increase.  SNOW is stupid.  All it does is lose money and trade at insane valuations relative to earnings.  Lockup period is over this month too, insiders are gonna unload at this share price, without question.
Hindsight
stocks aways drop after div payouts  lol
Usually, by the amount of the dividend.
I forgot where I saw it earlier but I think they are reviewing/debating today and voting tomorrow
tomorrow
Hang in
Yeah I only bought 5 contracts dated 1/15 but Im up almost 100%/$400 in 4 days.... 

I wish I bought more but I was expecting it to move slower...I only needed 7% to break even and its hit that with a month and a week to spare
no chance it gets to 29.  I sold Dec 22C against my Jun 20C to make some extra tendies, but that got blown the fuck out.
Definitely still could

weird
Stonks
Deeeeeeeeeeeecent
meh.
lol....
Sports
You missed it. Don't chase. Yes, of course sometimes you can be late and still get rewarded with it going up further, but the amount of times you actually just end up buying the top and regretting it seems to outnumber those other times. There will always be another day, another play.
you can still trade tho
yeah what happened
look at the volume for today like wtf, everyone that bought in yesterday didn't wake up today or what smh.
Sir this is a casino
See /r/thetagang 

I sell puts and calls to the idiots on this sub from my IRA
You can sell stocks in an ira and not get capital
Gains tax so yea I like to adjust my positions sometimes
TOS
Ameritrade for Trading and Robinhood just for the Stonk Charts
MRVL long dated calls. 5G company. 2021 will be the year 5G makes people multi-millionaires.
Good. You should.

Hug that biatch while she dances.
Ppl selling to get away from it, bc chyna
House is passing chinese delisting bill
Neither. both seem like karens in the making
Aren't they the same person?
Eisen all day every day.
Thinking about some calls soon
Yes
Got my flu shot there, Im in
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
MRVL   50.0|0.21|0.25|0.21|-0.03|120.476%


MRVL 50.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehrvdv&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Yea west bromwich are probably getting relegated this year
Because they have 3 years to comply lol
me too fml
Holy shit thats an expensive stock and EPS is insane. Why does it seem like chucking 7200 at a 720c 01/21/2022 is a great idea?
Check out DRIO, distuptive company in the Diabetes space
#metoo
Lmao what is your position?
shouldve invested in CCL, boomer
nice Elon really can do anything
crm
 : [Knockin&#39; On Heaven&#39;s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8OHybVhQwc)  [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8OHybVhQwc) 3:44 / 5:36     
Dylan or GnR version??
Its alright. Had it years ago and its overhyped
Get a real broker like Robinhood.. you get what you pay for brotatochip
You wanna see what Trading212 is like, literally can't even place a trade for the first 10 minutes of open.
MRNA
I just bought CVS calls I dont know if that was smart though
Today is an extension vote pretty big day. It started 40 mins ago but there hasn't been a definitive release saying if it passed or not. A lot of rumours that it has though.
It wont pass the senate. Puts might be a good idea but I also might just stay away
It's not passing the senate, but passing the house. Sell after you get the bump from it getting through the house, buy after the dip from it not passing the senate. Easy $$
Heavily invested
I know some of those words
My recovery stocks (BA/CCL/MAC) are killings it.  My TCOM/SLB/FCX/SPG/HBM/ET are doing well too.  $10-15K day easy.
Lots of fat people like SBUX because they can use the drive thru to avoid being seen in public, and they can have sugary fatty treats under the guise of some harmless healthy coffee. And SBUX giftcards are to go to holiday gift for those you really don't know or care about
Most likely a few months into next year.
Depends what your avg is 
IMO i dont think they could continue move the needle that much in the next week. 130 1/22C would be a safer move.. 

To each his own..
AAPL will not get pass 124
12/4 240c
I bought a few Jan 21', plan on picking up a few more later today or tomorrow
It's FOMO time lets goooo !!  
DOCU, DG puts
Wait a minute spread is very far apart. You unloading your bags dude?
Im in but why do you think this?
You sure??
Edit: nvm you were right
why was it pumped today????
CRSR is the way
Eh. I feel like Intel will continue to hit new lows every time there's an earnings report. I was bullish on them the first time they dropped 10-15%. Then they erased 3 months of slowly climbing back up in one day.. Lol was kind of shocked @ the volume when i looked at them, like who tf is buying Intel shares at this point.
Youre fucked
/r/IHaveSex
Yes, theres a chance it is yours.
she lyin to get ur pltr gains in child security
High
Tendies turning into diapers
Yes, it is possible it's yours.
Bet you still bag holding PLTR , cuz u dont know how to pull out  
Well, if she was supposed to have her period 2 weeks after you banged her, youre probably the father
a bottle of tequila
Whatever you do stay far away from PLTR.
Knee deep in your cousin
UVXY
nkla puts
BB
11 apha $9 calls expiring tomorrow
ZS $200c as close as u can get it
RYCEY
Real advice: Wait until a move becomes clear. Right now I feel like it's retarded to buy calls at the top of a historic bull run that seems to be running out of steam, but it's also retarded to buy puts when we've been in a historic bull run that's won't stop.

WSB advice: yolo on SPY $366 puts expiring tomorrow

Life advice: alcohol to numb the pain of losing it all

real real advice: if you've only got $100 then stop playing this game
Wait for a SPY dip to 367.50 and buy 20 SPY 375c for tomorrow
SPY 370c 12/7
Buy the rumor. Sell the news
AAL flew the max 8 yesterday and a vaccine
Jblu made a secondary offering and the stock is up, things are insane. I may close my March 2021 7c bc I do think at some point someone may raise the fair point as of to why they keep doing secondary offerings for corporate purposes but they keep paying off people and asking for gov money
I hope
Lol theres not gonna even be extra volume until mid next week
AZUL
Alaska. Its king over here in PNW. Great service and its expanding. I think people ignore it cause it's name.
Air Canada
On what timeframe? Daily trend, down as fuck. 2min chart, just regressing to VWAP and 50% of daily range ahead of the next move
How did you get burned? Have you read anything about it? They are saying you gotta hold until March/April before anything really happens.
It's okay to give up on GME they were bound to fail sooner or later. It just so happened to be sooner.
l8 m8
What makes you think it'll be at $370 EOY?
Alqays buy the dip on this one, $300 next year for sure
Hodor
SPY 12/4 Puts. Trust me, today is gonna be a shit show in the next few hrs
ramen
NKLA 12 18 50 C
UUP puts
lunch
41,000 feet so not the moon but close
to 300
DIS at ATH its not like its a good call position
Hold.
YUP
The voodoo crash dance 

When they consummate it will be a glorious satan cock like you've never seen
Good Q. Bull mode continues. FOMC next week.
Just west coast waking up. Don't worry they will remember they are irrelevant soon and go back to sleep.
Shorted at 90.6? Holeee
Yesterday for max tendies but even this morning wouldve paid out big.
Give her time shes tired
boomers
Seriously, they're about to get approval for the first covid vaccine in the biggest market in the world. Who in their right mind is selling that right now. That's said, thanks for the cheap calls I'm going to buy in a few days
it never can hold above 38 39
Do you mean today or a few days ago? Congress bill was why a big chunk of people sold, but the policy wouldn't go into effect for 3 more years.

I was excited to see it jumped up at all this morning and sold my monthly calls for a tiny loss, just happy to get out of it. I think stock options are the way to go for now, I'm staying out of options for a while unless they're LEAPs.
House voted to delist them.
define tanking.  as in it's holding and up for the day ? interesting.
Respawn?
Not happening
What's hod?
Why such a short term call
I believe the technical term for that is catching a falling knife.
GME Jan 15 15P
did it go up 0.2%?
What does that feel like? Tingles in your penis?
We cant go till Congress refuels our ships lol
Remember they took out 7 billion in debt to stay afloat during the pandemic. So gotta factor that into the previous prices. But yeah, I still believe they'll climb high.
this shows you age.
I heard the meeting started at 10 am est from a Yahoo Finance forum. Idk where to go to watch the meetings tho or where to find the result
Wtf are you trying to say?
If I took all the money I've lost on amzn options and just bought shares, I'd be sitting pretty.  But a strike like that is easy to hit on just one good day.  Tough call.
Hold.   Dec 14th electoral college vote will rally markets
They crushed earnings
Too early for the upgrade over priced on hype.
#YOU MOTHERFUCKER , GIVE ME BACK MY GAINS MICHAEL
Yikes
You son of a bitch, Im in
Why do you even look if you're holding shares. We're all in it until earnings...
many will be fooked
sHaKiNg OuT wEaK hAnDs
 : [Zombie Nation - Kernkraft 40](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbcG2TI4GBk)  [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbcG2TI4GBk) 3:45 / 5:38     
Tempted to sell mine and take profits?
Reuters - 40 states are gonna sue them next week for antitrust
I just bought 367p for tomorrow haha
Cant just drop that kind of prediction without a reason. Why do you think this?
When did you go in?
iT's pRiCeD iN
"Sell the news"
Hold
amd $100 eoy
Fuck Apple but buy it now
Aapl
yes
Can you sprint forever? Just taking a little water break
Yes
my KFC says dont fall for pump and dump
Position?
I love mcdonalds
Iktf with CRSR
No
Probably April when the next lock up expires
To sell or buy?
OXY
Snowfake
Damn when did you buy?
did you see there number they were horrible
1/15 85c here 
that, or low volume on the option
What does this mean?
It was scurred by 367 up until 10:30a today
15?
Too late
i would wait for tomorrow honestly i think when we get to 370 we see a pullback
because in July they didn't do anything. There was a whole month where the thesis was in but they didn't move
Boring
it has languished at the bottom of my portfolio forever, tempted to sell it and just buy Van Eck video game etf.
In the same position. Not sure what to do with it this guy wont budge 
IV real high
lol people still trade this? Stupid fuckin stock, company run by tards
260c 1/15
CVX too.
yes its confirmed officially by timothy apple
[deleted]
double up
The market has been flat all week with all the action happening in the pre- and post- market.
We're all waiting for it to crater so we can pick it up cheap before S&P inclusion
All the action is after hours
Bullish?
They are selling Puts FYI,they are bullish
Could also be a hedge
Woah woah woah woah woah - Mo
its being pumped and it will fall and then go back up higher
Lol Truck go down hill
They can beat earnings and still drop
Thinking about it
Mooning... For God knows why.
123.
124.98
What do you think is the likelihood of it hitting 600 sometime today or tomorrow?
No choice. Dont do weeklies kids
Im hoping for the same
unlikely until actual news about a merger comes out. I'll be flat until then. Could be weeks, could be months.
Not Stripe 
Los Santos Police Departments?
LSD? Shit is legit man
or stay flat?
Last earnings I threw in some FD's and went like 300% after market open post-earnings

This time I was too chicken shit and just sat on the side and watched :(
I buy starbucks all the time
That sounds delicioso AF
Dis is de whey
Tesla puts
I feel like apple and fb call 2 weeks out are smart but also travel is really hot right now
Cash gang
Mesa Air is 2x ing within a year.
QS Jan calls
BA long term hold 50% gains minimum
they going to find out no one wants to pay $5 for  garbage content
It's out there.  Somewhere.
If trump somehow "wins" back the election
What?
If you sold to open then you buy to close.

If you sold a call to open then you buy the same strike/date to close.
puts, not a lot of deals being done, leases being signed, etc. As a result Docusign will struggle
Calls all the way
It looks bullish because its probably going to do a quick run up into a hard sell like September.
DIX has gone up yesterday. We good.
On one hand I am mad I sold my Dec 20 calls yesterday, on the other hand I am glad I bought a smaller amount of weeklies to replace them with
More like 
Previous earnings was 9/10 and I believe they shit the bed with a -9% opening price
Reminder that saying random bullshit is sometimes true and sometimes not true.
Maybe not always
Disney
VTI
FITB has been pretty good to me.  Regional bank with solid financials.  Been buying options and rotating the profits into shares.  Nothing spectacular but its been printing decent.
GLW, broadly diversified old school tech company positioned to benefit from a number of trends (covid vaccine, 5g rollout, bigger teevees) with a solid balance sheet and decent management.
Sure am. Should I post my 40% losses or what.
I just hopped in at 40.23
Delta. Gay, I know.
yes
roll them out and up. trim some for profits
Probably not since it'll be mid 8's for a month
I've learned that weed stocks are fucking dumb and should be stayed away from...that being said it could go either way
Probably
I like ACB 12/18 because it has involvement in Mexicos medical cannabis sector and Mexico may legalize on 12/15. But APHA has a more recognizable product in their drinks. 

I have positions on $11 for ACB and $9 for APHA on 12/18 hoping for a second weed pop.
:S APHA... probs not tends to just like to stay flat. Theta and the IV will have taken their share of the pie
If you're talking long term, look at the 5 year chart. Cheers.
Until the next earnings dump.

And the next one.

And the next 3 years of earnings dumps.
Thinking about it
Right? Head fake this morning
Low volume dump is sus
I have the Tism for TSM
It is being traded
I think its a buy. With autonomous driving and ev becoming the hot industry of the decade it should only go up
They signed with Volvo and Daimler
SWBI earnings tonight
EWZ Puts
WDR 15 Jan 21 25p
Heads for DOCU call, tails for DOCU put
some GME shares and get a 20-30$ call for january-april
After I puffed, yeah
Vote friday
Passed the house. I doubt it will pass the senate. McConnell will fuck it just because it passed in the house.
Senate vote friday
Idk but if it did they skipped me
CHWY 74c 12/18
why it goin up?
LAZR
Thanks, just sold my calls, instant $9 gain.  You're welcome.
Amazon normally flat in dec. 
to the moon this Feb
McConnell has said he was close to agreement every other day for 3 months now, followed by "Fuck no". You just wake up out of a coma?
Isnt that what were suppose to do?
u playing earnings or selling before?
Its p/e is 130 bro theres still a bottom thats deeper
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
BA   230.0|10.75|11.05|10.75|8.81|62.07%

**Unusual option activity detected on the BA 230.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

BA 230.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gei2lqa&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Insane volume

Seems like a trap and someone selling the calls
absolutely nothing
the CEO is Epstein and it has 2 employees, get out man
What you mean? Looking good today....
at this rate we'll all be dead by the time the vaccine arrives
How sure are you on it hitting 250?
45 DTE is the sweet spot for some.
Tastytrade suggests 45 days out
I bought calls on the dip yesterday and sold half today to make the position free. Is that smart?
20 cent? In premarket? OH GOD NO SELL EVERYTHING!
U stupid
We got a broke bitch over here!
F
Not opening at 600 is perfect in my eyes. For some reason people like to sell at round numbers. 

595 open by open be perfect.
morning Drop to 567, then shoot up would make me happy, waiting for better numbers for my jan two iTM shorts puts and 4 OTM Calls. will do it as a day trade...maybe, we shall see.
Ticker
Dont we all
>they're

At least we're literate 
Some fat ass down voted you but dont worry I got you bro 
What are you talking about. They are up 15% this month.
Happy I did after buying a few shares at top
Preach
Lmao
I'm so loaded on calls for those two, a 1% up would make me thousands
The fuk? Hell no
ughhhhhh
Gaming hardware or mortgages?
Something something trump might force chinese firms here to close/fix their financials and actually audit them
I wouldnt start with TSLA, its pricey.  Learn with something cheaper.  Ford?  CCL?
Also, Id suggest something somewhat longer.. but calls for April-July 2021.  It gives you time to watch how the price reacts to market fluctuations while keeping you protected from any crazy, sharp swings.
Lmao this is how you know were in a bubble
Ban
Its not, but it might rn lol
See you in the funny papers.
PLTR?
PLTR
The party has just started. Get in pussy
We were 100% going to push for $40 before that shitron article so get in now
I feel there are better alternatives out there at this point in time but I just don't know what they are

Fuck it, I will if you will
Idk I just bought them at $24 today so that probably means its going in the toilet.
Find out
buy dipp
Nah 24.88 from 25 is not dumping. Unless youre referring to dumping money
lol
Nick Carter
Justin Timberlake
Howie
That one r-tard
Eazy e
Did you know that ATHs can keep going up?
Ya well its not really up to us if that news is a buy or sell. Whoever decides just flips a coin in the heat of the moment.
Or to 500
We need an correction, everything is way too high
Do you know what IV is?
if you like money, then yes
Go for it
Slow and steady daily swings of 10% 
Probably not
Sounds safe. And no theta bleed.
Why did you go with 19?
that actually sounds like a good idea. but who knows everyone is expecting earnings to suck but it could surprise
Uhhhh 50/50 at this point
How could you be fuk? Worst thing that happens is missing out on a bit of profit.
Let me just get in there real quick. That'll spark a pullback
Nothing has changed for BABA though. They already agreed to be compliant with the audit, they were undervalued after the ANT ipo stuff, they were just chilling for a few days. Only thing I can think is maybe people were worried there would be some more serious verbiage in the bill or something?
All in ACB
S N D L
Because it's undervalued. No clue why it waited until after the vote. Unless the market expected some weird surprise in the bill? Idk.
It was always going to go back up. It was just a matter of time.
H.R.V.S.F
Just post it with spaces or make it part of another word... like egGNOG.
Lol
I feel like this is directed at me :(
STOP I CAN ONLY GET SO HARD
Get out of WSB soft boy
Wtffffff I decided not to click buy at 3:55
Fact? Or like you wish type of deal here?
They make viruses there, not vaccines.
Wait for dip then buy some longer-term and leaps
Everything bleeds pre market
>Teslas bleeding

>Teslas up 40 dollars

>Teslas bleeding
If it hits $20, I'll take half the $100 and send it to the top voted idiot replying to ***this*** comment.
Im up 1400% on my 1/15 $17 calls.  Held through yesterday.  Hope I dont regret it.
You go girl
You do realize for every day that its spiked after hours and dropped at open there has been another day where its spiked after hours and then rose another 40 bucks at open?
Want to hold the stock? Roll the call up/out

Want to make small money? Let it get assigned
Of course they don't show positions. They short a stock and buy puts and make mils
Goldman's new calls go up
20 % drop at open
No options available
It caught the big gay.
Id rather produce carbon dioxide thank you
Why is the sky always falling with you morning traders?
Hard to call, its opened huge twice this week then ended flat and down.
I got toilet paper hands and I will be selling at open.
Sell or wait for run up to stop next week
If the past few days are any indicator and you're playing options weeklies, sell that shit at open. You will probably miss out on a few hundred, maybe a grand, but it's better than losing. TSLA has been doing this stupid AH pump lately and then going to shit during the day, destroying options. If you're just playing shares then it's up to you, but the same thing applies in that it'll most likely dump 10+ points between open and 10am.
Flat
369
365.96
142
Its killing some of the psychedelic mushrooms too.
It should drop another $10 to ipo price. Then correction will be complete
150 EOW
pls no
600$ 12/18 let the rest ride to Valhalla
600c 12/18 imo
You hold all of that for Monday gap up and next weeks run to 650 homie
Its 9:30

Either right before close or right at open. Finding the right ticker is the tricky part
More like pump. Getting more 650 calls for next Friday at open
I take both
Buy
IM NOT FUCKING SELLING!
DIAMOND HANDS
i sold .\_.
240 you fuck
I'm trying to sell at 26, and buy back later
Could be priced in
No cuz its 930-10
Yeah Id say so
I bought put on both at open so yes
Yes
YOu mean for the past 19 minutes?
Cause yesterday was red and stocks only go up
I said to get in like 10 times yesterday, were squeezin
I'm sitting with my calls and hoping lol
I have one share from free Robinhood stock. No idea why I held it but glad to see it rallying
Take the profit, play another day
VXX 12/4 19c got em for a dime letsssssggggooooo
ZS is a meme tho
Oh no , you're misunderstood , that's German for The Zoom The
Its up like .8%
My dad uses a dexcom. Never thought to invest but thats probably a solid idea.
What are stocks??
lol why?
Weed is bad

Lets hope
I sold the 12/18 20p and I wouldn't mind ending up with those shares
Lol
That Kroger chart is hideous
Bad call.
It's joining the S&P 500 so although it may be volatile until then I think it will just slow grow like most blue chips afterwards
No, just because Burry shorts something doesnt mean he expects it to go to 0. Also, hes not an autistic, one-eyed magic 8-ball lol.
To get your tendies
What ya playing
Insert Thor banhammer gif
780 BRO
Pew pew thats the sound a lazr makes
been saying it all morning
Fuk
will be $20 next month
Why sell now?
ive heard the "stim talks going well" bullshit over and over
When SPY goes high, its time to buy (puts)
Cut ur dick instead and donate it to the Xs and thank you.
Rip
Wont dump for long
Prob same news that made spy go up earlier this morning
take profits
Hold. Vaccine news keep coming out, that will pump airlines for sure, and in 1-2 weeks when cases coming down, that will add to the fuel
take the money, it retracts, rinse repeat.
I bought calls this morning so its pretty much a sure thing
Thank you
where do you see BA going? I think there will be a dip.
strike and expiry?
Stock is already up 240% since August.
You must be selling the calls lmao
THC ...  blocked by mods
Thc-b
Don't bother trust me
Spy said my  Roof gone, money long, me and broke n dont get along
Sell bruh
Sell the rip and buy the dip
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
SPY   368.0|1.27|1.28|1.28|-0.04|14.21%


SPY 368.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehza2b&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Get out b4 it's too late
Don't doubt your vibe, bro. If you are feeling nervous on a position, act on it.
Everyone saw this coming. they dumped price on purpose to pump it again permanently
If youre not stupid it never left
Way too late. I bought Boeing at around $198, a little late now...
Wait for it to dip first
I'm terrible at DD but analysts are saying the return to cruising in 2021 is not priced in at the moment. Do with that what you will. If you're buying calls beware on a 10% up day
If it does, I will poop on my desk while helicoptering my dick and flipping the bird at my job before I walk out.
Dec 21!
$2500+
Fuck you looking at
I wish I could read
The pressure is monster pandemic, and Canada and Mexico legalized it. Makes the USA look fucking retarded not legalizing it. The laughing stock even UN just said its officially safe, I believe full heartedly it passes the house but the senate will be tough but guess what we all know those old fucks wanna make a quick buck, look at prohibition of alcohol for comparison oh and alcohol 30x dangerous as weed
>conservatives want fewer laws

Lol
Dump to $19 at 10 AM
Prediction: Pops up above 24, reverses back down to 23.40 where bears declare victory, then it slowly climbs the rest of the day. Gap up tomorrow to end the week at $25
Military spending seriously needs to get gutted
nobody taking that asshole serious anymore, he's a joke
defund it for a month, before Buy Dem shows up.
Please please please I need more shares lol
Don't speak that evil
Up 3.25% premarket
Yeah it seems lately to tease green premarket but then shit the bed 5 mins after open
As is tradition lol
Old news
That was talked about yesterday. Was viewed as positive. No resting on laurels and all that
Lol old
You wish.
You literally come in here just to shit on one stock every day. Get a life brother!
Then I better sell these 12/4 22c at open
!remindme 20 minutes
tf it's up 9% today
Wat..
The fuck u talking about
Stop
Rip
  gonna get rekt
Hold on bitch to 30
Depends, what material are your hands?
We gonna ride
You're right tsla 1k
It only assumes TSLA will sell 15 million cars in 2040, or 20% of the entire car market.

That's a conservative estimate they make btw, 20 million is their bull case. What a fucking joke.
Thats what you get for using RH
be careful when setting your price on RH - they routinely fuck that up if you let them - and always not in your favor
HFT taking pennies off of commission free trades???? 

Noooooo wayyyyyyyyy 

Also sounds like you kooked the order
Yea this is the first time in history I've seen someone mention weed stonks!
its not going to pass the senate
Expected to pass the house and then sit in Mitch McConnells legislative graveyard
Good
Christ man out of everything..
PLTR is totally different than RKT due to market cap alone
Naw its got a much better long term growth story.  It shouldnt be at 40 right now, but its got a good enough business model that there is value long term.
RKT is a boring real estate company that's in a hyper competitive field

Palantir is a cool, secretive analytics firm in an industry in its infancy with no real competitors 

The 2 are not comparable at all imo
Damn...  high stakes
Ogay
Seems to have made it through fine
I have a feeling PLTR is gonna be rubber bandy today
Not quite yet my man
Got out of a spread this morning.  I'm still short a $500c for 12/24, but that should be gucci.
Nah I think it will be more like \~32. Not much but not that low.
Dont tease us plebs
Lol no. 780 GS price target

Literally apples and oranges. 

You have a face and a physical product to Tesla. 

Only thing noteworthy you have is Sauroman.
Weirdo
On behalf of NYC first responders, go fuck yourself
Which I don't understand, they're a sketchy failing company.
This company is laying off people indefinitely while everyones at home smoking pot. Makes no sense. Not buying shit.
People have been speculating on this turd for the better part of a decade lol
Whos buying them this round? Need to have a solid rumor before I play this POS again.
Profit takers sell off. Buy in, recovery by EOD

Edit: That is of course, no significant news comes out.
no ive tried this 1000 times and got burned because it most often does not immediately dump (though it does sometimes). After pumps overnight that look like a "sure short"  it will:

1. pump after the open to burn shorts and puts stage 1, then 

2. it'll look like it's going down for like an hour and trade flat to downish beforrree

3. pumping stage two while burning the second round of put buyers who thought they were smart for buying puts at 2. instead of 1.

4. then slight melt-up before falling swiftly at EOD but maintaining a price above open or at least somewhere slightly below it

5. it will either gap down the next day or open higher than the day before's high

&#x200B;

cruel mistress that TSLA. I'd recommend an ATM put at open with at leassst 3 or 4 weeks to exp. Then wait for the additional pumps and buy slightly OTM puts expiring 2 weeks away and average into those.
Yes, people always take their profits. Wait for 10 am dip and buy back in, dont get fooled by pre market hype.
I'm with you on oil, think we have hope or sell this morning?
Oil or oil companies? My 1/15 and 4/16 calls in RDSA are up madly
Thank god
nah mang
Stocks? Only if you're in desperate need of the money.
diamond hands
Imagine asking that without saying what exp you are holding
It's already a trend reversal, it's going up this week, however it may not read 30 by the end of this year.
Sell. This rise now is probably shorts covering and locking in their gains, and also gives a great opportunity for many people to abandon ship. There is a chance it will rise again, but later on, I expect another big dip first.
fuck that gay ass company, they're gonna tank
No
Lol
Dude I'm even Canadian but stfu about that shit.  No one here is going to buy that
 what marker ?
Karma means nothing. Didnt you know?
Thanks Nostrodamus. Literally just saying "buy the dip"
Almost like a perfect day to load up NIO stonks?
This poor guy bought puts when he should have done it on Monday/Tuesday
Lol no reaaon to fall more now. Also no reason to head up either
We get it you bought PLTR at the top
The bill that gives Chinese companies 3 whole years to cooperate before it takes effect? The bill that NIO spokesperson came out and said they've already known for months and is taking appropriate measures to cooperate with SEC? The bill that focuses on companies with military ties which NIO isn't at all a priority nor interest? The bill that was already priced into NIO these past several weeks? The bill is a non-factor.
NIO delisting fear is priced in homie
Close CRM calls
Nio
Rolls Royce
Apha, rolls royce. Mgni wont do 50% but i think will have a good pop
Downvoted
I think 15-16 is a stretch
What we want is strong steady consolidation here above support followed by the next leg up in the coming weeks.
I made my $30k off NIO.  Moving on
Do it u brave fucker, tesla is best
Honestly MM are more retarded then us
ah yes 


quite the sale
Just long term now then why you nickel and diming
Anything changes with it?
I hope your calls expire worthless you spamming asshole
Do you ever stop spamming? Holy shit
hot.  no homo tho
what why
What about buying shares? I am sure that if I wait until the $200-$210 mark and then it is gone to the fucking moon
Inconceivable.
Dont do weekly options
[deleted]
Rotation into what?
Its early
Youre buying PLTR puts fresh off 2-3 blood red days?

Uhh..
Yep I am loading up on them as it rises for free money
Look forward to the loss porn.
I got XLE/XOM/SLB/ET/KMI.  Most people here only care about GME/NIO/TSLA/PLTR when there is a huge rotation back to recovery stocks going on.
We need a source for this bro, thats a pretty insane statement.
the fuck are you talking about gimme a link
You're a complete retard
Why ?
How to drop Baba $290 bags?
Fuck that and I'm no longer sending you a gift next month for NIO Day.
Its priced in dumbass
Since when did the retard asylum get internet access?

Slut
If u cant do math for this dont start selling puts.
Bruh... you sure you should be trading options if you can't multiply by 100? Nvm this is wsb lol.
100x share price
If you are selling as much as the cost of the contracts in case it pumps and you get assigned.

If you already have the shares to cover then none. Just collect your premium.
Not like I can get autism twice. Shoot me up MRNA PFE
Hell nah i aint taking that rushed shit
Im gonna hold out for the vaccine pro, don't want to have a PS5 blunder again.
Fuck yeah
Yes.  Most likely will have to to continue working (healthcare)
Yes, why wouldn't you?
Hell no. Apparently its very painful. Id rather cough for a week then purposely feel like dog shit
No, I have ZM calls! I need to support them!

JK - I dont have ZM calls but probably wont get the vaccine at first because I had coronavirus and it wasnt too bad. :-)
Why would you not? You take the flu shot, no? The vaccine is fighting a virus IMMENSELY more stable.
we get bntx in germany and as Priority 1 (federal agency) i will get it January 2021(ema has to approve  it first)
A rushed mess with no long term testing for a virus with a massive survival rate?

I'm autistic but not stupid
no, we are going straight up to 130$ 
Good luck loser
Why would it?
Lies
Fuck you you paper handed pansy
If the LA lockdown can't drag this marketdown, you better hope for a nation wide one
RIP
It just got upgraded to pre split 3800 by Goldman Sachs
Lmao 

*they hated him because he told the truth* fuck it 12/18 800c
Its pretty predictable, just got pumped by paper hands here. Of course profits are going to get pulled. Big buys this morning see it holding pretty steady.
Boo u suck
Not short squeeze
Red
trading sideways.
Up a tiny amount. Maybe 0.5%
20.5
Dude I think you discovered the secret to getting rich, just buy the stock the day before and collect the dividend 
You should read up on how that works.  Plus you missed it anyway, ex dividend date was yesterday
You need to purchase before the ex-dividend date
You had to be a shareholder as of yesterday for the costco special retard
only doubles money

how to make money
You want them $.50 options.
My Nio calls from yesterday were up 148%.

They expire next week
Yes
Very insightful
Xi Jinping comes to your house and personally gives you 1 renminbi per share
The only one you need to be afraid of getting delisted is kandi the other ones are solid af
They get thanos snapped out of existence
If I were you I'd sell all of 'em (and buy TSLA).
Have to sell them OTC I believe if you want to sell.
you get nothing in return for them. Poof - gone - zilch - nada

which is why many people never touch ADRs or some don't trade any chinese companies at all.

I personally try to only trade US companies.
Think its the demand, also the PS5 and Playstation overall has a much higher demand and is more popular around the world.
PS5 has better exclusives and I think the better controller. Xbox is a better value with game pass and better hardware. If you like the PlayStation exclusives, pick ps5. If you just play the games that are cross platform and like the better UI and enjoy gamepass games, Xbox is hard to beat
Supply is somewhat limited with the PS5, demand is insanely high. In services and extras PS5 wins, they get too many first releases first and exclusives. Xbox has good games too, PS5 doesnt have actual racing (fuck gran turismo) but Xbox is a laggard in exclusives and services.
its cuz numerous one dude's is buying 100 of them and selling them at 100% markup
nobody is talking about the XBox, i think the PS5 won
Xbox catches on fire 
The supply is low on purpose at launch to increase the hype.  It looks like PS 5 is ahead right now but both are sold out.
CRSR for PC master race
PS5 seems to be the preferred on wishlists.
PS5 seems to be better in performance and its game pipeline has more hype, plus Xbox is having an unacceptable amount of mfg issues out of the box
Neither company can keep units in stock.
PS5 has actual trends and hype. Xbox is a millennial console that millennials can no longer afford
Xbox for gay nerds. Ps5 for mandem.
 Never too late buddy
what happened to makw it moon
They gonna lose against C9
What strike?
The whole market could crash, with that said this is the most comfortable I've been holding tsla stonk and not looking at them every ten seconds fearing the loss of 100/sh.
Yes
Depends on if you think Tesla is a car company or a tech company.
Elon tweeted the stock was too high once. 

It ended the day higher. 

You decide.
It will come down with spy whenever that is
Why tho
I hope you're right. I'd love to buy a huge dip.
Come on, that not the way
Premarket has tsla at 594 so you tell me.
Letss GOOOO
Absolute madman. 15??
Youre a bold one
Was thinking about doing the wheel on RKT as well. It seems like slow but easy money for sure.
The MMs want to cuck everyone and itll eternally trade sideways
 : [Dark Side Of The Moon       ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H24ealMBL84)  [](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H24ealMBL84) 2:42 / 4:03     
You owe money
What did you sell at?
Why do you like this?
Diamond hands
They had 900k revenue last quarter, that should tell you everything you need to know

CRM 12/4 or 12/11. Oversold to heck.
\-0.008% ?
Bro, Im running low on patients with this stock. Should be $3600 already.
Look at the Dec charts for the last few years

We moon in Feb hard
Retard
Beyond retarded.
Some companies operate better than others
Thats why you buy spreads (dont ban me wsb)
Is that good or bad
Yeah? Up .4% and you get hard?
575
Gut feeling or is something going on? I get all my news from this thread.
No. Just cut and roll further out.
No
No
Markets on easy mode since November
Said no one
It will after hours, now that it's on S&P500 the fun is over for us
0%
no, but its good housekeeping to close it out EOD - pay a dollar or two for peace of mind.
Only NIO, LI, and XPEV
Sell
12/31 365p checkin in
Zoomed out and saw ur an idiot smh
Planes go up
Pew pew pew. Theyre ticker better be pew or fuck em
Dude what? Red senate is arguably why the market is mooning so bigly. Look at historical returns with red senate blue president vs others
no chance. We all know it's rigged.
Overall it's factored in, if the Dems take it we'll probably see the market react poorly.  Market likes a split congress.
It was priced in after the election when it was assumed the repubs were 100% holding the senate.  They still going up with a red senate just not as fast.
Gay
It just dipped a little, waiting to buy Jan calls at 1.70
Me, too.
Which Cc?
Nah
Yolo some 12/18 20c. Gun sales have skyrocketed fuck it right?
FB about to get huge red antitrust lawsuit pp exit exit
You wind down a position after huge gains to it only makes up a specific % of your portfolio. Standard practice.
Why you lying? Burry's been trimming his position and taking profit on the way up but he just posted 2 days ago that he's still in for 2MM+. Still massive outstanding shorts, squeeze hasn't hit yet.
Ive learned to always take a profit
6 weeks is an eternity in this market.
In the face of vaccine approval next week?  Good luck with that.
Not yet
What kind of money?
Buy the PLTR top again you know you want to
why is it up?? they release shit news and get rewarded for it?
Tomorrow
You can hold it until expiration if you want. If its in the money, some brokers like robinhood will sell it an hour before market close tomorrow. If youre up a lot its probably a good idea to sell the end of today
tomorrow but depending on if you are using RH (which judging by your question your are), you should sell it before EOD so they don't autosell it to protect you
Why tho
You talking zoey 101 bro?
Same, cash gang for now ftw. If dips to 20 might buy more who knows g2g
This feels like the paper trading contest
Never say never but its very unlikely. Today. Unless Peter sells shares. Then whoopsie doodles.
High
Think they want it even lower?
Stfu you are deifinitely retarded
you don't want to wake the sleeping giant.
Because Goog is cooler
+12% and rising. Youre fucked bub
No no no
Lol no.....the known Chinese companies already comply pretty much thru hong Kong and theyd have 3 years to get it right
A+ for mental retardation and chemical imbalance
Rug pull?
Cant wait to see the pltr gang losing everything
It's totally random. Fact is, the higher your expectations the less likely they are about to happen. Which means there is a tiny chance but it's totally nuts to play it.
I've recently learned that nothing is going to happen. This sub is all bark and no bite.
Just look at what happened with VW years ago.  That is the epitome of a short squeeze.  Not saying that this is what would happen with GME, but that is the conjecture
it'll probably hit $420 low key
From what I understand it can reach a lot more than 100
Fuck you
Ban this clown
You can't buy options pre market
You cant
> I am not new to options


>why anyone would by an option premarket

lol
........
NOOB
Getting in on a good premium?
You're an idiot.
you should really read the details
Not at all true.
Ban
$21.50 was your chance!
Ban
Mods
Fire
Gme with 5:1 leverage
Penny stocks
This guys never been to NY
Not just Italians bro, lotta portugese, Irish, polish, etc. maybe the old nyc accent was Italian but now, other types of people live in those neighborhoods and now they sound like that too.
Meh, i lost my ass on FSR on Monday.  It'd be nice if it rallied back a bit and i got back some of my losses because im a diamond handed moron.
Nah not yet
Nope nope
These numbers are always cooked. Seasonal work has given a lot of people jobs (temporary) . We should see worse numbers in January.
bought before earnings? fuk
Old news
Old news.
Screw u
Eli5
Cant stop the appl products coming out.. this runs ,smokey
Wrong
What wall?
Yeah right, we're going to the moon asshole!
Y
the fuck is Momentus?
it would be a miracle if that hit, I would sell.
<<<<
Musk < Burry
microcap shill
wtf
Rip
Nah dude that was a really smart decision
You're an idiot, congrats
Has much farther to fall.
Yeah that is fucking retarded

Get out if it touches $48 again
Nio may not be dead, but you bought some pretty retarded contracts. 

They're ITM now, I'd sell within the next few hours to avoid more theta burn and roll them out to a future date if you still believe in NIO
Gl
FOMOs and YOLOs
Dont put your net worth into one play hoss
Neither. It's incredibly risky and basically all the vaccine progress would have to be delayed or fail for it to go down.
January
Goldman upgrade to 780 and were still weeks from inclusion date. Why in the living hell would you sell today
Holding till 610
Im riding Tesla to the promised land. You know these big Wall Street boys are going to start blowing funds up its ass
At open on the 29th.
Just stop

The only thing that's popping is your sphincter
You must be new here.
*J K Simmons laugh from Spider Man*
Fuck off
I don't give a shit about anyone here but I hope people cut losses and take profits on PLTR.
NIO is already audited by PwC. Take your fear mongering elsewhere
It probably won't affect anything except a brief sell off that quickly recovers.

Even if the bill passes it sounds like they won't be delisted until the 3 years pass without an audit from US people.
lag?
Abundance mentality. Thats all Im gonna say
You Sir deserve all the dream girls and I cant see why this bitch doesnt get that
You sound like you need to grow a pair, not give one away.
Threesome with both of them. Power moves only.
Ban this puss
Honestly I have long calls and ima buy sum weekly put fds. Just in case
If you take this deal you agree to admit you were wrong BUT if you are right I will post that you were right at eod lmk if you accept this wager
!remindme 6 hours
!remindme 2 days
Hey can u get me your moms thong
Id like to know
They have 3 years to comply.  Doubt it will affect many.
Because you retards dont understand the bill
Because they are a good company who said they plan on complying
Reality does not apply to meme stocks.
Read the bill.
Doesn't affect them, their auditor is already registered.
Because it's only for non established companies.
Thanks for the confirmation downvotes!
I think its because no one here really trades penny stocks..
Wsb paper hands are not to be trusted
Like the peanuts?
Lol you sound like my uncle. *Booming economy, everyone who wants a job has one*- said in 2019
Only fans is booming

Your going to get rammed
Ban
I feel the same way, sold my calls at 595 luckily. My calls were so OTM the delta was like 0.15, the price swings were giving me a hernia
Shut the fuck up you dumb bitch
Lol
Who said its getting delisted? Why dont you read a little instead of asking people in a thread. Stop being lazy
Can't be bothered to DD on stocks you own...you belong here retard.
no no no
What you smoking bud.
don't have a position?
TSLA stock is worth whatever people will pay for it...and right now that's about $588

Get in* 

FTFY
Everyone is still scared to go in, they will warm up soon enough I didnt expect anything crazy today
10% gains today beg to differ
Lol like you're breaking news?!. Nancy and husband gave calls, get some calls fool!
How did you hear about this resource?
I'm still laughing about the dude who lost his mom 20K tell her about this stock!!  LMFAO
Picture the red and yellow M&M's forcing them to do these things.
keep telling yourself that
This is the way.
This is not the way.

One sits in the garage with all closed and revving the engine until the car gets warm and comfy $ROPE
Even better???
Lmao
Can confirm
Who is 'they'?
They
Is this from personal experience?
And my bow
Prayers answered
Keep going, mama didn't raise a bitch
Yo I'm trying to print some pdf files... Could I borrow dat azz!
Then the gay cunts shouldn't have sat on it.
Lol edited.
You should see a doctor.
Boomer confirming. Holding shares. 

GenX actually, but you motards dont know the diff.
Sell puts if you're bored.
Wtf is up with gme rn
Dude, that's like 25 pounds of rice. So like sub $100.
What the frick!?! I ordered an xbox controller!
Please be right i cant take these sleepless nights anymore
PLTR already nuked this place. Dont even need a papertrading contest right now
guess who just bought CRWD, ZS and OKTA
You are delusional fucking 
You sold at the bottom?
Because your Smartphone is made in china and red is the good color there
the down charts are blue u might be colrblind
As always. Buy the 10 am dip
After 2 years I'm up $21
5:55:33
Im 25, but the closer I get to 30 Im even more resistant to getting married because being single is great!
A generation ago this was the norm dude. Millenials are all spoilt with an illusion of choice so you think you always have better options but rather the one in front of you is probably your best bet and you should work on it.

This is why your grandparents have childhood sweethearts and our generation cant fckn decide /swipe right on tinder. They just accept that who they have/what they have is amazing and we're too busy comparing people. Its one of the reasons why people are perpetually single and struggle to find meaningful relationships.
I have forgotten what it is like to be 24.
Waited till 32...this is the way
Fak I like to be weird so thats a double win!
i knew someone would say that haha.... this thread?
i think we are gonna see some folks get wiped out soon enough
 I seen it coming bruh! Anything hyped and talked in WSB always go GUHHHHHH
Dont wake the baby
No can do
shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh nobody knows yet
That ticket doesnt even come up on TOS?
i bet he didnt even check the IV
Thanks, you're sweet.
Jesus. That sounds depressing.
Price is too low imo, was in the thousands a few months ago it has room to run
Same. Never have to leave the house. Love working from home
Keeping tabs on sec.gov, nothing official yet.
One of the rare occasions where it was worth reading. Usually the long posts are just retarded and I end up downvoting them before I get to the end 
you mean im a sensible trader? yea
If you ain't talkin' money, GTFO my face
conversations aren't hard but finding someone worth talking to is
This right here. More people should explore the expanse of their minds through meditation or spirituality or acid. I would be much friendlier to them.
This is deep as fuck. I like it.  Writing it down. Thanks.
Shid bro that's 100% gains
exactly, theres mad people into stocks rn anyway so youll always find someone
We are at the end of 2020 and you dont know what a furry convention is?  I think you need to google it.  

The more you know .... 
Source: Trust me bro
Damn cant even check PM then
Lol you wake up at 5:30 every morning ?
Well that would be better but lets be realistic so we dont cry at end of day
Says who?
0dte are pure lottos risk to reward is usually worth it
Slowly grind? You monster, I need my weeklies to print rn. Already late on november rent
They wanted pay back 
Steak and hookers
maybe take him behind wendy's for a freebie
So is the software good? Because I had some long conversation with someone on here last night who said its nothing special only for them to bitch out and couldnt tell me a comparable software or what wasnt special about it
  $35c 1/15/21
Would that skew the stats? If so yes.
Its fine, i trade options, so I basically dont appreciate life anyway
You got Next level retardation
3 trillion was always a pipe dream
I didnt say GOOD stim news. Im not 100% convinced either good or bad.
but there are already sound bites about a 3rd stim being needed if they agree to this one, so we can just keep the market up on stim optimism forever
I think just the fact that there's *any* stimulus at all is the big news
There was some unusual activity for it yesterday, 25c
Thx. That should say 20 billion. Edited. 

17 billion in direct help in addition to other assistance.
Currently, nothing really. Thanks though! I'm just watching my calls and checking wsb because it's more fun than looking at people's Top 5 Spotify Artists on their ig stories.
What shitty ticker is the next play
What would you spend $1000 on today?
You will lose your account, family and life attempting to short TSLA. I tried once, got puts right when Elon made famous tweet. Finished the day +150% opened the next day negative. Cant even short that bastard when he wants you to.
maybe slip on a banana peel, or get into a tiny car with at least 20 of you s
> We will never see another stock market dip in our lifetime

bro...
gig economy kekw
This guy eventuallys.
Damn. I never thought about him being the actual Player One.

This guy quarks.

Plus u/ checks out.
Thinking sell, but the last time I did that I was holding a $500c expiring at the end of the week and it continued upwards another ~8% 
Rode the initial dip and sold out at $7.9, missed out on about 10% at the peak. Bought for $2.7 yesterday, so I'd say that's an acceptable selling point.
The merger is gonna be postponed until April.  I dont know why so many people are still on the  train and havent read the investor notes for today
I know. And they don't have as much international exposure. I know. And leisure will recover before business travel. I know. But there's no fucking way they are in as good a shape financially as they were in 2019 for at least two more years.
Better than 2020, of course. Better than 2019 or their previous highs? Not even remotely close.
Nah. Thats not what makes you gay.
This guy retards
Bro Im poor!
Until like April and that's been the plan for awhile. Idk why everyone is pumping it right now  gonna have to hold for a long time
It dropped 60 cents on Monday then went up $4 by EOD

Manifest it
And 1000
Shhh
I think were set up well. Lets see what today brings
That's why I chose both
A few plays, Tesla $480 calls I got cheap, XLE calls, could've made more if held, but learned to take less risk. Gains Is better than losing it next day.
This is the way
The Baked Trader
Such convienant timing.
20.... years...?

I wanted to make a million at least by end of year.
yea i'd say 16.40 to 20 is the range until jan
I hate to give you false hope, but I think ~$128ish is on the table in the short term. That would help a ton.
Very cool. Hope youre serious about the homeless. Every small act adds up.
Right?
More like accidentally dumping out my grinder on the carpet.

*rug pot*
I bought at the lowest dip and my calls already itm since yesterday
It doesnt even show how many people have continuously filed for unemployment benefits 

those absolute retards in D.C. are seeing those weekly claims and leaving it up to CNBC to decide what they mean
Can I borrow your time machine or did you misplace it in hindsight ?
I did well with calls on weeeeeeeeed stocks, and SPY calls on the dips
Still down over 90% but we working it out
Im retarted
formformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformformform
Ill only say this

>!weed bill has 10% chance of passing and even if it does, its for decriminalization, not legalization. So it doesnt even matter for weed companies but weed tard investors will still pump the stocks!<
Extension, especially to a date close coming such as April is good news, not bad. It means the deal is almost done or else they would have extended longer. Its good to note that just because its extended to April doesnt mean thats when they announce that the merger will happen. Could happen a week from now or maybe it will be April. No one knows.
Deez nutz
This is the way
yeah, my takeaway is to go long and play both sides on the way up. win win!
Yep never doubt Elon 
Yea sucks
Same nothing worse than panic selling then watching it climb back higher in legit a day
They were further out too :(
Which ones?
Nice
This actually makes a ton of sense.
Also if you think about it cheaper dollar means foreign investors can purchase more than before. Same thing as US goods becoming cheaper, works the same for securities.
The gov't literally has the money machine goes brrrr
Tesla has ALWAYS moved violently. I can totally see this lol.
Alright
Id sell if it gets above that cuz I think its below 600 eow
How can it not?! being in both new gen consoles ps5 and the Xbox  + the market share its taking from Intel
Cheynuh
My FDs only need today and tomorow, 70 eow.
Ay man as someone who's had anxiety for most of my life that was actually enlightening. Never heard of that concept before but I think I could apply it to other areas of my life, thanks chief.
**[Learned helplessness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learned helplessness)**

Learned helplessness is behavior exhibited by a subject after enduring repeated aversive stimuli beyond their control. It was initially thought to be caused from the subject's acceptance of their powerlessness: discontinuing attempts to escape or avoid the aversive stimulus, even when such alternatives are unambiguously presented. Upon exhibiting such behavior, the subject was said to have acquired learned helplessness. Over the past few decades, neuroscience has provided insight into learned helplessness and shown that the original theory actually had it backwards: the brain's default state is to assume that control is not present, and the presence of "helpfulness" is what is actually learned.In humans, learned helplessness is related to the concept of self-efficacy; the individual's belief in their innate ability to achieve goals.

[About Me](https://www.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrn2mj/about_me/) - [Opt out](https://www.reddit.com/user/wikipedia_text_bot/comments/jrti43/opt_out_here/) - OP can reply !delete to delete - [Article of the day](https://redd.it/k5lt2e)
I went a bit too balls deep on it, it was my first "big" trade so as you can  imagine I'm learning a lot. $29 average babyyyyyy. 
Going to dump half of what I have at $30 so I have some float to play and not think about the other half til EOY 21.

Love you too bro
If you could start over and make only one yolo, what would it be?
investor day dec 8 get in before then
Rip
From John Petrides, portfolio manager at Tocqueville Asset Management via CNBC, quote this sell-off today is a gift. If you dont like the stock, you want to wait for a bigger sell-off.
Good bot
The BBC of the market 
Yeah youre right
Make it $40
10 to 10:30
I got some March calls yesterday, already up 25%. Def shoulda got kore
Its a hard lesson to learn. Ive had to learn it multiple times
Weve been using and abusing it
https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_261188742.png
https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_261188742.png
https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_261188742.png
https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_261188742.png
Sees more gay to me.....
I wont, I could probably fly you to the ISS and shove your face against the airlock window facing our planet and youd still think the Earth was flat
I have no position in NIO you absolute ape. It became too risky to trade after ER week and thats when I stopped selling puts on it
This guy knows what hes doing
Then why are you delusional lol
This is the way
I hope I'm wrong.  Just sharing my thoughts for the less autistic
His ass
Look at recent ipos that shot the moon.   They all follow the same pattern.
Theyve had a ton of news since September and havent moved much, theyre due for a run soon
Ha! That just made me look more!
Where have you heard that?
More like coomer stock
Cock?
They sent that small rock to the stratosphere and back. Pfizer has grown less than grass.
Word.
Diversification is for chumps. Have some conviction.
Oh i did. Made money then got greedy and lost more than i made lol
What's your sentiment of pltr in the short term?
Same brother, it's a theta day
They dont have weeklies
bOuGhT tHe DiP on 12/18 calls holy shit was a mistake
I did cash my PFE 1/15/21 40c's for a 320% gain. Still have a couple other PFE calls that can still pay off bigly.
Nah daily chart RSI is about to trigger a correction warning
They've been saying this same vaccination routine for the past 6 months.
Dal
same

down low, too slow
Id say the same if it was someone else writing that shit bruh lol cant blame ya
Hell yah lets take $0 instead
Yeah, but there was absolutely no fucking way in hell they'd hand over 24k per American
$1200 one time. That aint saving anyones ass when the govt closed peoples work for 10 months. Imagine working for the govt, getting elected, and being that fucking retarded
Yep guess they realized they aren't flipping the senate.
tbf both of them are retarded
This
As long as he keeps the printer going
Unless GA stays red.
Don't worry little buddy... Everything is going to be okay  
  
Narrator : In actuality, nothing for little u/EnginrA would be okay
I think they took those off the option chain
If you bought the dip yesterday, you aren't a bag holder.... yet
He is the saltiest of salty

Constantly trying to duplicate his famous short
That's not true though, their products are solid.
Long term yes for sure, but for december I'm holding paypal calls too
There is no pump. People expected movement and theta is eating their assholes. And not in a good way.
Quotations don't even narrow down my searches. Fuck, google forex and gain capital bought up an entire first page. Shits congested bruh.
[https://www.searchenginejournal.com/google-transfers-ownership-of-duck-com-to-duckduckgo/283023/](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/google-transfers-ownership-of-duck-com-to-duckduckgo/283023/)

Why TF would google give their competitor a free domain? Shits fishy. But what else do we have right now? Bing? Hell no. If you use buggy chrome for porn. Yahoo will be your search engine even if you remove it thanks to some wack virus.
You mean 2020?
Wasn't Madoff in the 2000's lol?
Dead cat bounce. If it gets close to 30 again you can (somewhat) safetly short it. Kinda doubt it though.
Well any ticker you want that has options.
Yeah luckily I have a good chunk of shares but man those calls I sold yesterday for a loss are hurting right now.
Kinda hoping for a sell off so I can buy the dip. Im long LAZR.
Im like that one guy ... you should do you own DD but I dont even know what leverage is thats how balls deep I am
Seems like it
Slight

Lol
What did you enter at?
now that is a white elephant I can get behind

everyone post your brokerage account details and i'll set up the transfers!
Had its correction. Time to rally a little bit. Bad news gone yesterday
ah good
Good call thanks dad
you have an extra week of hope.
Okay but why? Don Corleone Trust me at the top it isnt lonely dawg
HOW DO
Mine are negative too, but 2 negatives make a positive 

You never know with this stonk
Thank you my friend
I seen a documentary where prisoners huff their feces to get a buzz. Just a thought
I've only got hexo... 

What time is the vote?
What time is the vote?
But yesterday it was tomorrow also...
Months?! BRB going to r/stocks
Why do you think it already happened?
Well congrats and fuck you
https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_261188742.png

Obviously not 100% confirmed.
Are we the boomers now? 
I've already forgot more than you'll ever know, kid. Foh
 Mitch!!!!
This was the big definer for me. I was researching them on Seeking Alpha and it appears they are so far ahead of the game, they don't even have any real market competition at this time, and have positioned themselves so strongly from contracts and patents. It's been a privately held company for a long time with a positive history and they were finally ready to take the Public leap and expand exponentially.
But fuck you for being a bear.
Very good chance I would say
Yea Ive even been banned on a bet. I know the pain, so I can dish it out
Big if true
Ah, so youve heard of me

It was great man, RIP
Yeah I'll get in below $20

Yeah tons of tech companies with 1 billion in cash file for bankruptcy
I unfortunately dont know how to do this. :(
Til exp?
Rycey
The hype is indeed real, but from my experience analysts (and their PTs) are truely clueless. My worst fear is that TSLA pops (which again seems inevitable) and takes down all the sector with it.
no, US increased m2 supply by 20% this year, massive trade deficits, shrinking US share of global GDP

dollar is unbelievably overvalued

DXY should go to 60-70
Even if it hit $25 I would be overjoyed.
Florida and Texas already announced they wont be doing lockdowns again.
Nice.  Weird times
What can ya do
SPY 10:1 split when?
like you hate her
That and pull her hair like shes a fucken wild horse
Sounds like julie
Hard to say, its already come down a small bit and going back up a small bit. By end of the year I dont think itll matter too much if you got in today or tomorrow
Not gonna crash tho. Luminar is an established company not like a pump and dump
Have to appease the algos ;)
OTM after opening selloff possibly 123.5 maybe 124
Probably 130
Yes, yes it is. Doesnt change the fact that stonks only go up.
I don't think he has because people only read what they want to believe
Decriminalization means that money can go into banks and into the market 
*taps forehead*
They had a couple smaller ones just in the past couple weeks, right?

And those didn't do much. But a bigger offering could hurt momentum.
Total opposite for me. Better than other speedy drugs.
i take Adzenys everyday and have been for around 2 months? and i just feel like i can finally get a litte bit of shit done but i definitely dont feel a high or anything, and the come down for me is just getting a little hungry at the end of the day, what does it feel like for you ??
i understand your viewpoint and i agreed with it for years,  but my experience has changed my mind. Seeking help and receiving a treatment has helped me so far. Is over-diagnosis a problem? Yes. Is the stigma against seeking treatment hurting people who are scared to ask for help? Also yes.
YES SIR - made like 22k over that month. Glorious
Wouldn't be surprised if it makes up the -8.5% in the next 48hrs.
but muh leaps
They actually are all May calls! To the moon, brother
i also want to inverse the wsb etf
It is bad but atleast show the full picture
It wont last. This piece of shit wont hold green. What the hell is happening. Is someone constantly shorting?!!!!
It is but thats why patience and DD is needed
you looking at news source some where?
cheaper than a lot of last week and it's closer to earnings, so you don't need to be as patient
Agree. They will announce something on Nio day in Jan that will rise the stock
Bought 200 shares at 22.50 yesterday and saw people saying it was going to 18 which I thought was nuts.
Love the way you think
We will be okay 
I am aware they do that, that's why they need to be prosecuted and banned from trading.

But it a small sweet treat to repeat they were wrong.
I also think that this is a great idea.
I bet future me is dumb. I know better.
Im just scalping day trade options bro dont be so hostile
Where? Lmfao I am a printer right now
Do explain cowboy
When do you expect things together e back to normal? Whether you take it or not it will drastically reduce covid
Ah yes. News of a vaccine is a bad thing. This will drill the stock to 25% pre covid. A price it hasnt even dropped to post covid.
Meme stocks that have been public for 2 months or gtfo
Thats my point brocephus. Institutions dont care about the stock. Theyre buying to see a WSB dude eat his shit. 

Its the stunt of the year and the price of entry is PLTR stock. 

 
Your father ate my ass last night
Weed and penis pumps the title of mine.
Yeah but we're looking for all time highers out here
What is that song called again please?
Well I'd probably ROPE if I actually lost $50k. But being down $50k with a couple months left on something you still believe in shouldn't worry.
The daily P/L resets at 4 AM so my bad trades are erased from recent memory
$25 12/31
yeah, but shit ton of stuff to pay for this month so I only put like $300 in
Retard, sell orders above $100
Except when -96.2% turns finally turns to -100%
Palantir
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.......
I could easily see whales try to continually shake out the FOMO'rs the rest of the week. Bull traps all day for three consecutive days and just keep recycling shares after paper hands think the stock wont get them to their break even point. Once the dust has faded, let the stock run.
Its looking nice brother
Volume will be double of Apple by 10
Shes hot.. ishh
Love Becky
Very hot
I knew I should have just bought FDs.
My wife's boyfriend just texted me and said he is coming over to teach me a lesson
My PayPal was deactivated because I scammed someone else.
Held shares from $9.80 --> $25, no longer interested in the company
Think you got a chance before? Would be a lot cooler to get a million in your pocket and wish for your mom to stay alive nah?
Yeeeep
Goddammit youre exactly right
Perfectly put. Thanks for taking the time. I do appreciate it.
God I hope so. I hate that guy. Lol
Uk approved vaccine too soon
Virus bad boy
who cares someone mute that little elf, COVID is done here.
I just saw that US saw 20% more covid deaths yesterday than the previous record. Not from Fauci tho. But that 20% number is crazy
Neither, I was just kinda there as it happened but then was trying to escape and run away. I dont remember any olympics or Atlanta specifics but somehow I knew in my brain that that was where I was in that point in time.
Ty yes
12/24
12/4
Haha trust me I have just funny to think about. Nobody in their right mind can hold that shit overnight with its decay
Twitter of Stocks = Stocktwits
**B** U R P L E 

B **U** R P L E 

B U **R** P L E 

B U R **P** L E 

B U R P **L** E 

B U R P L **E**
PRPLTR
One of the only good pieces of advice Ive ever seen in this sub.
Ban
Good for you!  My brokerage account is down 40% thanks to my TSLA calls going so red. 
we're going to have bigger problems than the market if the dollar goes to the 70's
Why not take profits, then roll out expy if u think its gonna continue to go up? Expies for tomorrow will burn fast if it doesnt moon throughout the day?
When is that
Wish I did yesterday
Youre the only one. Congrats.
Lol
Any reason for the bullishness?
It happens on the most random days. It will just pump out if nowhere. I have no idea what drives it lol.
Pot of meme stocks
I don't think that happened in December 2020
Bag holding a number of securities ya dig
> bitch ass-webull community

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Honestly, Luminars LIDAR tech is hella impressive. That coupled with huge contracts with companies like Volvo, it has really good potential. 
Retard effect of this sub on a ticker like LAZR should also be factored in
They bought WORK and everybody flipped the fuck out thinking it was a gigantic waste of money
Earnings
Thanks BB. We holding?
Why does he care? Christian Bale is white.
n word? wow
Better to be green than to be a bean
Are you the one writing those options
Nah this the all mighty warren buffat
Everything green for me except roku which is like .12 down
TESLA WILL BUY GOPRO LOL
I knew it was an overreach when i did it but my dumbass did it anyways
rip ur puts psi
No wonder it mooned. Thanks for your sacrifice
Shutup nutsack
Weed stocks never seem to carry a 2 day momentum. Idk why I never see this coming
4k on Jan calls locked and loaded. See you in tendie town
Thats what a wanted to hear. Strike and exp? Thinking Jan 240s
Bro BB is fking bleeding me money wtf man
Are there people here who really bought 100C...? Wow.
Going up!
Fuck yes
Doubtful but possible
By tomorrow??
No bro Im doing it on my own with a #2 pencil and a can do attitude
I feel well diversified, I have 5 different strikes/expirations with 2/3 of my account on DKNG lol
What value you thinking?
Same. Especially whenever I see the top movers for the day
I need time to digest all that info man. 30 seconds and Id still fuck up
Its both a meme AND legit
Emphasis on and legit
-2600. Paper hands. I have 1/15 options all the way from 361-368 but I'm cutting these now. Broke my own risk tolerance rules and I'm not sure I can watch these bleed more.
Excuse me, we believe this should be more?
That's what I'm saying..  YOLOs become risk free to the overall scope of the portfolio
Its amazing isn't it? Retards love throwing money at a 5% chance at ITM
Yeehaw, partner!
Yeah, we'll have to see if VIX keeps rising the next few days. If it does, hold on to your butts. Luckily, the last few times this has happened, anyone paying attention to VIX would have known shit was about to hit the fan.
Ever hear of the PS5? Ever look at the calendar and see either a) earnings report schedule or b) upcoming holidays? Or do you just keep both your eyes on your dad's dick all the time
Or did I?
You're welcome.
So true. Which is why I sold my calls yesterday morning :)
Source?
Lovely stuff
Though 66% Americans say they will not travel in 737 Max -Poll
Yeah this graph doesnt exactly look like they are booming and are legit undervalued its dead out 
Gg? Didnt want to buy the dip?
Ah yes, it looks great
That aint corn of the popped variety
I lick that clean butthole not lick the butthole clean
I have one...tried all the 5 attachments
I feel the same way bro but I'm stuck, cost average 37 lol. It should go up rest of week forreal
yessir
Havent bought yet but thinking about throwing a grand in shares just to see.
Said every guy who lost money ever
Context?
Letter of intent
The vote/meeting started at 10. Should be soon. Im guessing they are writing a press release now about it.
He's right on better returns but not 100% on the bullish part. VIX can blow up anytime when externalities add fear or volatility to the market.
Laggy as hell, one minute I'm up 50% then I'm down 25%
You think $100? I did at $200 you thinking thats too high? 

I guess doesnt matter any amount would take the shares off the table for shorts right?
Another 10%
Puts
Sorry I forgot, this is a Wendys.
they are expecting to vaccinate 100million people by end of Feb.  Cruises will resume in 3 months
I had that for years. You can deal with the reverse split every 2 years. That stock is for the those on r/stocks.
Fuck that guy we need a rocket ship
Theyve doubled their outstanding shares increased debt at sky high interest havent increased earning potential are facing a 3rd wave down the road...tell me how good their fundamentals are.
Are you holding until mid morning or waiting till end of day?
Oh I play options too. I bought them as a safe spot to drop some of my portfolio but then aapl stayed flat all this time. Now I can exit the position and yolo it some where to chase my losses from my other plays 
Lol... not me G. Stonk only go up. My comment was in response to some other sorry ass bear running his yap about "the top is in". Reaction... not instigation. Just sit there and watch us count this $$$.
Lol bulls are literally printing money.
I agree, it always does that
I loaded up more at 16.05 whoop whoop
So like, 3?
For some reason I though PLTR was up Tuesday pre-market, and folks were saying it was gonna make up for Monday. Instead it nosedived.

I didn't follow it yesterday.
I hope some of you tards can make money today. I'm waiting for a bigger discount, but it looks good at noon I might throw a little but their way.
Since when is gay offensive
They probably wanted pay back  I had the same thought dont mind one bit
Top 10 betrayals of all time.
Thanks bud
Okay thanks man
Some comment on this sub further down lol

EDIT: [comment](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5vaj4/_/gehvxm6/?context=1) in question
Some [dude](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5vaj4/_/gehvxm6/?context=1) on this sub
Go ask this [dude](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5vaj4/_/gehvxm6/?context=1). He told me and I told you
No need to flush then
This is the way
Im sure the Hanukkah dinners will be fine 
+ $50 for an adapter for the plug from the previous model
Yeah, I paid a lot more than you for my house so I don't have to worry about high winds. San Diego is beginning to be overpriced now.
yes, Alibaba-backed AutoX starts driverless testing
Ill gape ur mom 
Lol plantronics
They got out of this
Incorrect but nice troll
will amount to nothing , and even if it does , your still able to hold it for 3 years...... i own 0 nio and have no interest in it.... just stating the facts
You're a bit behind the times aren't ya fella
-6% last 3 months 
Same, I hold about 100 shares, just wondering how everyone else likes it.
4k into 03/19 calls.
And then sell @ bottom when it crashes
>CRM

today
Im not convinced on stripe either, but I know bill spacman will make a good pick either way
100 percent it's not in n out.
Agreed, feel like Stripes valuation is too high and theyll do it themselves.
1/15 240c here.
I did a short term in silver from August to October. I felt like it was extremely volatile and manipulated.  You mention you buy the physical stuff and I think that's really the only way to play the PM market unless you leverage yourself with miners.
Yeah exactly thats why Ive just been holding and riding the wave and am finally back up green like 1% but sad to see I could have easily locked in 25-30% profits if I did time it right
It a 6% increase, we were up 10 % last month.
I like all of these answers
Why not wait two weeks for after inclusion fever dies down
LMFAO bro I just love confirmation bias for all my positions
So the hairline worth 500bn
Bezos look better without hair imo
Kid Rock
This is for the people of the sun.. its coming back around again, its coming back around again.. this is for the people of the SUN!
Gamblers fallacy
thanks i worked hard for it
Dead bodies are the bag holders. Peak is done, just has to keep going down to finish the base
Maybe another 30 seconds. Maybe.
I should have taken a picture. Now nobody will believe me.
Yessir
I must be as well
thank you. I just need TSLA to climb to the 650 range. Doesn't need to go ITM or anything
Whats different
Oh shut the fuck up you dork
Shoulda sold...
Yeah that was quite the drop yesterday morning though

diamond hands
True still cashed out at 105%
So short it, or are you def blind and dumb who hates money?
September was really a fuckin nightmare
You right, its smooth brains trying to hedge their $400C
Do you see this as the most likely 5xer out of all the ark funds LT?
Relevant screen name amirite? It's a cruel bitch but man does it pay off if you nail it.
JEFF AMAZON
Stop making sense of things and let the man wallow
It's up 130% this month still lmaooo
Pretty much agree, max pain is between $25 and $27 for Friday.  And I am thinking IV is high enough that its going to be a tough row on $25p
Im in always liked Ackman anyways, just picked up 250 shares.
the leaders at stripe don't seem like the type to use a SPAC. I would not bet on this. The stripe guys are very very good at this, and will seek maximum valuation through traditional IPO. my bet.
no tos is lazr
Skinner deal
Thank you, I do mainly short term fd's after morning spikes, earnings upcoming is make or break for squeeze hopefuls mid term.
12/7

For although I am retarded. I refuse to not wear a helmet
I have 9,500 shares at $19.98. The more negative the sentiment on this stock, the more i buy.
Other than the obvious price manipulation on RKT, what makes you bearish on this company?
Do you have a how to video on this? I guess this means when it drops below 18.5, you are forced to buy shares at that price?

&#x200B;

I have 9,500 shares and I need to get creative while this trades sideways...
I Don't think there will be much selling when they have a 1B buyback in the mix.

Also, tenured employees got 90k worth of stock @ $18 per share that doesn't fully vest until August 2023 - they have 20,000 employees. We are talking around 1 billion dollars worth of shares that will be held until 2023.

Throw the massive amount of shorts covering their position and $1B dollar buy back in the mix and you can see what I am trying to illustrate. It may not happen but if the starts align this will moon.
When there is a high short interest in a stock (meaning a large percentage of the trading volume is people selling the stock short) this disrupts the balance between buyers and sellers. A stocks price is determined by supply (selling) and demand (buying). More sellers mean there is more supply than demand. When supply outgrows demand, prices drop.

EDIT: this is how the $1B buyback will fuck the shorts
I give up trying to make sense of these idiotic moves. JBLU has a secondary offering of 15m new shares at a price of 14.4 (below their close of that day). It is currently at 16. Same with nclh. I have calls I picked up 6 months ago but I really think people are looking at share prices from pre pandemic and think the stock has to go back to that as they dont understand the concept of dilution/outstanding shares
Sold BA calls Monday and is now mooning 7%
Very possible
i dont hate em - i think people would be more prone to use them than hotels, at least in the current environment
Imagine thinking Amazon could only sell books

Imagine thinking Netflix could only send DVDs in the mail
Agree. He doesn't seem the kind of guy to suffer losers or fools gladly. In while he's in.
I had some BA 230c I bought when it was 225. So i sild and bought some 250c expiry 12/11 and 12/18
Is BA not gonna hit 250 by 12/18?
worst company I ever saw as a client, truly full of stupid and hostile people
Thats my move also
as long as you sell them together
Oh dont worry, if BA hits 230 ill be "donating" my whole body.
IV, not theta
I know how it works. It's just annoying. I actually bought this when it was OTM but as I've slowly been theta fucked, I'm ATM and still down. oh well. life goes on!
Yup.
The last two times actually Im pretty sure. This time will be different! Lol nah, Ill probably close out EoD.
Im fine with waiting a year or ten, long time before I touch this money. When they hit their pre covid levels Ill probably move the money
Damm nice gains. Whats ur next move though?
$20?
Same name haha
https://www.thestreet.com/mishtalk/economics/23-6-of-all-us-dollars-were-created-in-the-last-year
That is the way
why does it cost $500 Trillion dollars for toilet paper in Zimbabwe?[https://cms.qz.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/RTS2IW0H-e1561501377141.jpg?quality=75&strip=all&w=1200&h=900&crop=1](https://cms.qz.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/RTS2IW0H-e1561501377141.jpg?quality=75&strip=all&w=1200&h=900&crop=1)

checkmate
? Derp
No one cares
Lmfao hi bro !!
I think the pullback on PLTR after that insane rise was to be expected. Obviously the groups that lowered its rating are pulling a citron and trying to devalue it so they can buy the dip.
What are your travel/oil picks?
Sir, this is a casino
I have never made a dollar buying puts
Thanks for talking sense into me
Its better then the DD i did on icagy and that shit blessed me. When the american market is scary, i flee to europoors. And they havent hurt me yet.
Stock dividend. It paid people half of the share in cash. They can all reinvest. Plus the drop makes it tasty for new investors. I copped yesterday a good amount of shares and im gonna buy more at open today. The english pump it every morning for us
People in here bashed me when i yolo'd on ICAGY after a 30 percent dip and they went up 60. Same shit here. Rolls Royce is a staple of england, they power the nuclear subs and military crafts for multiple nations including the u.s. they wont let them go broke. Enjoy your stocks up 100% on the year being pumped by a fake ass inflated market. Good luck m8
As you were saying?
I bought two a couple weeks ago and this is the gratitude I receive. Psh. Unreal
Lul. Calls that fucked eh?
Was she the nut screaming at the RNC?
Rappers pass around the same hoes and i guess the elites do as well 
Is this true?
Any raw fish really
Na its all about luck any fish can carry tape worms 

If u get the unlucky bit u wont taste it with all the soy Sauce or wasabi
> I was literally begging this man to let this pussy save Christmas and he was like nah, I'm good.

lmaoooo
05/2021 CRSR 50C
did u read it lmao
no dude just read it, its hilarious
calls: stonks go uppy

puts: stonks go inverse-uppy

ezpz
In on what
Same we printing tendies in this bitch
Holding calls but Im just being real based off the past green opens
This whole week has been about getting rid of paper hands, not many left I think.
Not even to the DA phase yet. Also it is +75% institutionally owned.
I didn't sell the tops but yeah I was still in the positive on both of them. Still, can't help but feel I could have made so much more if I just held them, now all my hopes rest on a meme video game company stock.
I'm honored.   Thank you.
Let the news flow on! As long as the market doesnt shit itself. We in the money. Calls then theta gang if you want to play tsla.
Its on like donkey Kong. Next 2 weeks we big boys.
Dont worry about it he is just a . Trust me. I use frequently terms like ditto, ergo and quid pro quo which is Latin. Only intelligent people use Latin.
That wasn't the takeaway
Bigger facts.
Some cryptic idiot on stocktwits
astute !
more of a wework guy
Really? So what will you consider upper and middle class then?
Viewers tapering off isn't an indication that make-up is on the way out. What does that even mean? That women aren't wearing make up anymore? 

2013 YouTube is a very different ecosystem to 2020 YouTube and thats not only true for makeup channels. Which big channels from 2013 are still as big and relevant today? It's mostly political and cultural bullsh*t going on there. I wouldn't read too much meaning into that.
Shes saying no because the average person wouldn't get shit, you saw where the PPE loans went without oversight
You're right. I read your comment while high af. Stared at it for like a minute. Even this was an overreaction.
Stonks go up
That ended negatively... 
Not saying I am smart
Good luck to us. I think buying $work is good long-term decision
It's part of his brand. Same reason Owen Wilson doesn't get nose surgery.
earnings play, lotto basically
July 2021 $22.5 only $4.75
Im in some 30DTE as of like 4 days ago
Still contemplating. What are you thinking?
Praying for you brother! Hope you hit big
Thanks.
OK now I'm paranoid because she's made a bunch of sells for some stocks I'm holding... But they're not like huge sells, just a few thousand shares here and there.


But what reason would a fund have to sell regularly? I thought ARK would be a long term hold kind of fund? Almost seems like she's daytrading...
like pretending to sit in a truck that doesnt exist going vroom! and holding the wheel?
He made sure to pave the driveway at an angle to also accommodate trucks without motors.
Dems wanted 3.4 trill. Republicans kept saying no we only want 500b maybe we would do 1trill. Then right before election they caved and said okay we would do 1.8t. Nancy thought they could play hard ball and either have gop cave or win the senate in the election and pass a 3.4t. They lost and since then mitch has only offered 500b despite things getting worse. Refusing to even negotiate. This 900b is actually hella misleading too cuz its only 300b of new money and 600 is left over from first stimmy
Original talks were between House and Mnuchin. The 900b figure is the GOP Senate preferred bill. They explicitly do not want direct checks to Americans.

Really even if Pelosi caved to the exact bill proposed by Mnuchin it probably wasnt passing the Senate.
If they win both senate seats in GA itll be a damn miracle.
People that think that have no experience. But once they get up and running its not too bad
Im thinking $13+
ok I just wasnt sure if i needed to get out of the deficit asap or if i could just let it ride till my covered call expires
ok i just signed up for gold yesterday and i had $600 margin available then when market closed it said i had a deficit all of a sudden but no major changes or losses. Im holding 130 shares of pltr at 23.70 and  sold one covered call for 12/8 $26
Love to see it
Im in. 

Or extremely short dated far OTM option hmmmmm
I need a 600 open or else Im gonna puss out and sell :(
I bought a futures CFD with x20 leverage cause I just wanted to make a quick $50. I'm already down 3%
>No thanks

I choose life
How likely is it to pass
Both
Lol cuz its a new ticker today. Merger got approved 12/1. Starts trading today. 

Bout to go brrrrrr?
same SPLK woulda paid
honestly the 270 feb ones are rewlly cheap i like them
Sometimes we get lottos. Like the previous Zoom earnings.
It also helps that theres multiple ways to turn it into a job.
This is the dip
it's bullshit is what it is
Correct answer was 9:35 am
i had 29c 12/4 lol 
no way
I sold. 120% profit, Im good with it.
With AAPL I try and just take profits as they come and not look back once done.  It's so damn fickle.  Really think it hits 124 at some point by the end of the week
It bounced back up again today, Id start watching to see if it does that again in the future and buy calls in the dip if theres seemingly no reason for the dip
For real tho, I do have some 380C lottos
10am EST
Im really surprised its taking them this long
Let's fucking go
Oh shit... I just got a new iPhone and face asleep looking at it 
I drink tons of water, cant be that.
YES
Interesting 
31
Already up.25%
Duluth trading co
Im for next Friday riding on a bounce back to support I see it happening today or Friday
Nope
Ty dad 
Its sad but Ive officially become theta gang 
?yhis
Talking about it today voting tomorrow
How much
$265 as well? :D
Sell if you up 100%-500% total return
fingers crossed, she moves slow
*weeps*
Bought 2, sold 1, made it free. Holding the other til January 15th
Why that
You make zero sense
yea
If everyone is fomoing in what does that suggest about the market view of this ticker, and then explain why is Citron/MS downgrading its price targets?
its ok i got her covered until then
Yea sell the news after it moons from it passing
It should pass the house then sell before the senate rejects it
Yes, pro financial tip: make sure to lose as much money as possible to lower your tax bill. The more you know 
You know what's up bruh
[deleted]
=\[ pain
Cant wait for them to die again. As they should.
Lmao
Yup. I spoke about that last week. No one likes business travel. I'd rather be naked from the waist down and take a zoom call.
Agree. It's insane in the membrane.
Oh I thought the restructured deal also expired today. Nvm
I thought they restructured and that deal also expires today i guess not
Look at it tho
Ayeeee
Ahhh hey guys he said the name of the movie *in the movie!*
have a hard time with beyond meat.  have a tray of sausage sitting in my fridge.  can't work up courage to eat what looks like an old man cock
\+3k so far since market open
Mostly NIO
Shut up dumbo
RSK? Im more of a VNM guy myself.
I do papa, go buy us a monthly
This is my first ITM option buy
Whoops CRM
Ryanair orders 75 new 737s, CEO says discount was very modest. -- Reuters this morning

Boeing "confident" orders will exceed cancellations.

UAL to take delivery of 8 jets this month 

AAL to resume MAX delivery "full throttle" -- Reuters headline

Brazil GOL will fly the 737 in first commercial flight since grounding next week. 

LUV signals interest in expanding fleet.

These are all headlines from the last 12 hours. Some of it was expected (AAL, GOL, UAL) just confirmed now.
moved by 12.5% today alone. I'd say smart
Fml
I never said today/tomorrow lol. ER is on the 8th. Id roll that shit out ASAP
Depends on if we get a big runup into ER. Believe forward guidance is going to be huge with RC possibly buying them out or announcement with Sony.
Never heard of any of those  are these lottery tickets?
Im on calls my guy hahahah right after I posted that it started mooning
Jk it hasnt done shit lol
Shhhh Im trying to make some gains here man
strike n exp?
Should dove in at the sub 40 it was like two weeks ago
Yeah, Schwab is similar. I guess I just never noticed that the visual charts and the reported high trade don't always align.
Ya but my calls expire today
TSLA 585/595debit spreads 12/31.  Up 10% all time somehow even though I bought them at 595ish. Up 30% since yesterday 

DAL and AAL shares bought March lows I absolutely  all summer 

RIDE shares

10 shares  just for the fun of it lol

Mostly these TSLA spreads lol
Crash with the passengers alive, cut the cost of loading them manually
i mean nov 3 - dec 3
It's more the part about McConnell not compromising - were stuck in a loop of gridlock while the economy burns
I mean... He's rich... And in Congress.

Got better TD than you
Thanks! The worst performing one was +1.1% at open. Theyve gone down the entire time since open 
people out here buying options? Could've sworn literally every post said shares
Hasn't even begun lol
Bro, was $LAZR already a meme stock? I thought I was the first to discover it this morning.
Means that seasonality favors a slow grind higher. Neither Washington or the Fed will want to risk upsetting the apple cart until 2021.  


The problem with these grind higher moves is that when there *is* a legit sell off it will be larger than average (which is currently being reflected via an advancing VIX).
Of course not. I started at $7. But I always buy the dip and sell the tip. Now Im basically playing with house money
Someone selling puts 12/31 $49, means they think its going to rocket
That's true.  WSB seems to be good at finding bubbles and making them pop
I do that with other money.  Then I have some amount of money I use for reckless option betting to see how far it'll go.
Lol damn, he really did say that..
calls but I should be loading up on shares cause its gonna pop when the vaccine is distributed
True, but I also think that Governments (at least ours in the UK, will go for the cheapest version available (DNA vaccine) for our national healthcare as its budget is fucked, already stretched). 

Also a lot more of the world is poorer than rich, so those countries governments will also probably choose the cheaper and easier to transport vaccine, so surely more long term profits in it for years to come distributing it to the 3rd world.
That was in october right? They are already well underway, so old news, unless I'm misinformed.
you must have never flown spirit. lol
Yeah, low volume slump but I think you are correct

I want to see it clear at least $93 though
All good tho 200% return

Why not play both, I'll keep an eye on VLDR ;)
i have CCL Jan '22 and NCLH 3/21. Might dump NCLH for Jan '22 calls
But Nikola shares are still up, it must be legit 
The rug will be pulled close to the end of the konth
I bet fang will trade sideways for 2 years. Theta is the play.
Its not a gambling addiction if you make money!
I'm thinking the same thing, but it's a gamble at this point, after such a huge run
Weve bottomed out my friend.  Paper hands been shook.
You should probably just stop talking
Go back to your hole.
Got in at 17 

In 2020 u trade based on hype not stupid fundamentals or revenue or non of that boomer shit
Simple 

I got in at 17$ 

Not at 30 

U buy because u think the stock will go up 

Due to hype

Nobody on fundamentals

Nobody gives a fuck about numbers of revenue know that shit its all about fucking hype OK thats how you TRADE in 2020 hype hype hype!!!!!!

Now get that mouth ready for this pltr cock
Ha ha ha. Good one
I guess I gotta censor the chart next time
Cause some of us here really needs it
Sounds gay.
And that why I love you boo
I wonder what cc debt looks like right now
So her not taking the deal was all political?
Why didnt they take the money then and have another bill after the election then? CNN was right to call her out
I pray we see that!!
RH level 2 data
I bought these yesterday
Tell me more handsome.
Jim Apple
[deleted]
Lots of typos because Microsoft swipe sucks. Corrected
Same. Just like I did with Tesla and that worked out.
pull it hard bb

But to speculate thatll it touch pre corona levels, it already had the 737 grounded prior to corona.
someone mentioned before, but with all the code talk around this stock and time zone conversion (Europoor) I got a bit lost

Anyway balls deep, and the chart is moving at a pace not seen previous days.
Should've bought more today on sale!
Im not bearish. Im neutral and I am making money. I understand what the fed is doing. They are pushing down the road and the next gen will end up paying the price. Its greed in its ultimate form. Its just sad to see but fuck it, get money right?
Where you find this info?
Put your money in ICAGY
I would go ahigher strike tbh but 28.5 is the highest it goes for that date.
Unlikely until we get news
ssh bby dont tip him off
Shhhh
Good youre gonna miss out
Something something government contract
Nah but it will finish the year under $20
Im a straggler from late night crew who took one too many addys
OMG we are drilling! Checks SPY +.2%.....
pleas answer
Just reinforces my comment, its retarded bullish
Theyll be back soon and in greater numbers
Confetti hands
Down too much so now you can't short it anymore today and tomorrow. Extremely bullish signal short term.

Edit:triggered yesterday so today is the last day and not tomorrow. My bad.
Everything bad is priced in - everything good is not priced in.
Yep - everyone is buying Iphones, Teslas and shopping the fuck out of Amazon. Why don't these pandemics happen more often - seems to be very good for 401k's etc
Yep future looking into the year 2030 based on current valuations.
[deleted]

[deleted]
Why baba
Yes
Bought the top?
Puts on his heterosexuality.
VXX
Always have a place in my heart for her 
Talk about a cup and handle
When has it been red more than two days in a row tho in the past 7 months? Like 3? Im looking into spreads.
LOL

Faucci here to sink the fuvking market. This guy. Wow.
MRNA CEO will appreciate your contribution.
Dont do this. Friday Trump bomb that he announce and sign the China bill. Will shake more paper hands.
You really think NIO is going up to $50 by tomorrow?
Brother,this is not the way
 until ya dead
Its just funny cus it do in fact be hittin lately ...
am in GRWG! my only play so far... will watch the others.
strong support in past election, this passing would be icing on the cake.
I feel like if it passes the house the weed stocks will boom. I think its possible. Dems have the majority and support by Republicans is much stronger than you think. In fact most of the big weed investors are conservatives and historically conservatives want less laws. Being sandwiched between 2 legal countries (Canada and mexico) is going to supremely complicate enforcement. Also half the states its legal in some way. Hell in the town i live in Texas you can hold up to 4 ounces and only get a ticket. Thats a quarter pound! With Trump rumored to do a "u.s. companies can't deal with anyone using slave labor" order I think thats going to complicate the use of the prisoners in the u.s. more than anything which marijuana laws have been used to fill them up. Also Trump has stated he doesn't think it should be federal law, thinks it should be up to the states so he'll most likely push senate to get rid of the law not necessarily endorse pot. Biden on the other hand is extremely against legalization. Lots of private prison, alcohol, lawyer lobbies also in the mix so who knows. I'd say its 50/50 and not the no brainer its going to fail as most here think. Ending the war on drugs will save a lot of money and state and federal taxes will provide a windfall of taxes. I know a lot of people say "yeah right, the weed guy is really going to pay taxes". No the big guys will come in, take it over. You'll be paying taxes on it just like with cigs.
It's shy
Someones buying these bags with high hopes and a smile on their face. Ill see who it was in a week or two on the loss porn.
CGC
Oh it definitely was my calls are printing hard
Sell calls. They have like super sweet premium right now. In 3 days? Maybe less so
That's why I sell 9c dec18 against my shares
Not a chance
Absolutely tanked earnings by almost 300%. 
It dropped by $50 last night and it all got bought up. 


You must be thinking of CRWD. They killed earnings.
I believe so yes
Stop making shit up, Butters.
They both growing though at like the same rate no? Pretty much same revenue. Given I also looked it them for only like 10 minutes.
Well established and still not cracking 1b revenue and losing money. I guess in this environment thats what we want.
Sales miss.
Its so hard to stop, I have no energy
Its paying off in my sales qouta for sure
i can't imagine not giving it to little kids
Sex before bed lol
Bought last week actually 15x 1/21 150c
Kind of an intimidating chart to go short against.
Typical Rick Santelli acting like hes gods gift to financial conservatism. Hes such a fucking douche.  Just stick to telling me bond yields ticked up 3 bps you fucking shitbird.
Arguing about stimulus shit, they were gettin heated lol
That or shares 
Thank you this is what I needed
I would make 30k if that was the case...I would not be opposed.
Bruh I hope you're right.
Rip 
Who sells poopoo as food? BYND?
Yes!
I made 50k this morning haha. Lets go.
Okok lets do this amigo
It's usual dipping shit after open on a bad day
Bro its ATH is like $10.80. You from the future?
7.29 lo
Fuck yes, best move weve had all week
Plz explain I am frustrated
It is pure corruption. A cancer on our economic system and a vehicle for the ultra rich to make even more money. The market is not healthy.
not sure, soon i think
yeah i have no idea- i just know its soon
Long calls are defo the play imo. Alas I'm in Europe so can only hold shares.
The dilution....theyve doubled their outstanding shares without increasing earnings at new sky high interest rates. It shouldnt be above $24
Just got 77c for 12/18
How so?
Already in ;)
Truthfully Im no expert but Air Canada employs 20000 people the govt will never let it go bankrupt. Its also trading at historic lows so if even it crashes it will go up in a couple of years. I think its a good play
Lol. They're not even close to the same. LIDAR is totally different than Microvision's laser scanning stuff and has wildly different applications in autonomous driving.
Not too late to hop in, no resistance up until 370 and then straight back up to 400. BUY THE DIP
They filed for IPO.
12/9 supposedly
Tomorrow so Im fucked. And I know thats prob why its so worthless but I just wouldnt have thought 1k worthless considering it had gone up almost $20 since I bought it
buy me lunch rich daddy
Higher highs. Lower lows.
Habe money to throw at something. Everything feels so overheated
Thats good to hear. What prices do you see the most activity? Was looking earlier and seeing a lot at 12.5 and 15
Jus bought it right before I seen thiw
Look at acb synced with house
Shhhh. Keep these premiums cheap as fuck.
I'll probably print a dick first thing because it's funny
Personally, I dont recommend playing earnings when IV is as high as ULTA's currently. Leaps (if you have the money) are actually a good play for ULTA. My Jan2022 leaps are up 120% already and I got them Nov 5. I believe ULTA will hit $350+ by summer 2021. They have lots of tailwinds: (1) economy opening back up---they have done well to shift to online sales but their main sales channel still remains brick and mortar stores. (2) their new partnership with Target. Its like Bekcy^2 energy. Both ULTA and TGT are phenomenally well-run companies, this synergy will be insane. (3) pent up demand for make-up and beauty products by all the white suburbia Kaileigh (14-18 yrs), Becky (19-35 yrs), Karen (35-45), Susan (45-60) and even Gertrude (65+)
I'm sure we want it to go up instead of sideways
Positions or ban
$25 strike. Obviously yesterday was better to buy than today...
Exactly
Will buy it if there is a little dip today
Thanks!
I want my money back more lol
If earnings are good, GME to the moon. If earnings are bad, Cohen smacks everyone with his e-commerce wang & GME goes to the moon. Also very bullish on APHA QS ACLS
Fuck you if trolling, thank you if offering helpful solution (i genuinely can't tell if this is trolling or helping)
I have a webull account, but its been a long time and its been liquidated. I'm thinking I just deposit money into rh, buy shares. Get 5k of nok, apple, gme or some shit and just change brokers. This is getting fucking retarded. Robinhood is a llc...that implies they have less than 500 employees.... and yet they probally have half of america as customers.....
that helps make sense of it, thanks
Missed out on**
Seems premature for profit taking on this one but 
It at 30 34 ath. Noway this should be 30 yet.
fuck GME
I wish I threw a grand at it!!!
I got in when it had a huge dip on the Amazon pharmacy announcement
I am sure thats what Trevor Milton told people too

LiDAR tech space is crowded. Lumemtum provides the tech to Apple for iPhone. There is another company called Velodyne that competes with LAZR.
yeah right!

have u seen how many cos' CEOs can't wait to get their employees to the office again (they're Boomers set in their ways). And Sales always requires individual skin-to-skin touches, so Salesppl will be traveling hard the moment they can. And then we will also have all those huge conventions slowly come back to life. and leisure travel will return with a vengeance with all the people who didn't travel this year. it will recover, the only question is how fast- maybe it will be more gradual than the market is expecting but it's a promising investment rn
It is until it isnt. Im gonna be a rich man on the next red day
Haha are my 12/11 123s fucked?
I bought them during the first dip this morning lol
Been watching fucking C-Span, yuck. But yes, they are reconvening at 12pm for the MORE Act, sorry i made it sound like theyre voting right at 12pm.
Im not im just gonna have to diamond hand these dec 11 and jan calls I got I guess good thing Im still atm unless it drills to earths core sucks watching it bleed rn tho
Investing is long term. This is gambling on sentiment.
So a Velodyne competitor
No but I bet 2K.
Idk whenever wsb disagrees gotta stay cash
Sold a 240 call
That shit wiped out half of you guys last week, no thank you
The pullout game is strong with this one.
Friday. 

FD. Faggy ds.
391.92 break even hahahahaha
Changed my mind, got a bad feeling about it.
I might go in tomorrow
SPY 372c 12/7
June 18 2021 220 C - extra safe leap
Burning weeklies and small profit taking
I try not to do 2 same Chinese stocks.
Brah...they have 2 or 3 years. Do you know how long that is in retards town? Most of our accounts might not live to see it get delisted.

* Blowout ER?  20.
* Hot agreement with other big companies?  20.
* Free house with purchase of 1000 shares?  20.
* Develop in kitchen Star Trek Food Replicators? 20.
* Cure Alzheimers and Cancer?  20.

This stock isn't budging.  It likes 20.
Nope, it's in my Roth
I cant even sell calls because Im a eurocuck. Literally can only baghold.
Wat news?
22nd I believe
Done, now have 57 shares at 16.2 GODSPEED Retards.
Yeah but nothing new has really come out today.
35.50 or 36 both real cheap
In this case it was pretty much a coin flip. In retrospect I shouldve just picked up both.
Okay damn
Put or calls
Pooh will be proud
TF were you doing when it was down 7% yday?
RIP those are done. I honestly hate cruises in general so it makes me a little sick to be bullish but Im sitting on CCL 1/2022 30c so I guess boats boats boats 
Too late,  its all play money on rh anyway right?
Also i have a question,  can i not sell the call unless GME hits 20$price?
Keep?

Is the squeeze for real though? Its already up 4x in 4 months. Shouldnt it have happened already...?
January 2022
60c 1/21/22 for NIO leaps im just so confused if I dont buy one and it goes to $300 ill just be upset but if I do buy one even if I lose money i think ill have the peace of mind knowing I was in it at least and not have regrets idk
600
Haha right.
My immediate thought

He ded
Not sure why you come onto the internet to clown but here you are
Sounds worthy of a EV tech IPO
Yeah it was like 8.32-8.35 before I went to bed
Name doesnt check out
DONT YIU JUST LAUGH YOU LITTLE DING GONG. GET SOME MONEY AND BUY IT TO PUSH PRICE UP!
Not now Fozzy
getting. But I can't look at rimjobs porn,  it gets me uncomfortable
This type of volume is fucking gross
25
[deleted]
me
Yeah, i hope next time when you really need help in your life, someone comes along and name a price for their services. Alternative is not helping you at all.
May the tendie gods smile on you
long term in human time is years
Wait it out a little after open, itll drop
Ogay
Cramer pumping it on mad money last nite
SPAC ticker is converting to LAZR today
this is the actual reason lol
Pretty much
Global pandemics were already priced in years ago
This. We already priced in the next 5 recessions and insolvency crises, therefore they will not happen
That works for me :)
That would be glorious for anyone who bought the dip yesterday.
Yeah but a lot of people are probably selling and are just happy to break even or limit damage
No. Well I got stopped out yesterday morning, but got right back in.
I had 300 shares at 24. Now I have 400 at 21.75

Also have two leaps at the 17.50 strikee  
Because they want it to fail
Order book
Lvl 2
then im poor, but thats ok cus im poor anyway. 220p 12/4. glhf
stripe is the big rumour going around
Pew pew, brother. We gonna make it!
No I am honestly asking and I appreciate you replying Ill look into the army contract
That's what I am hoping for, can diversify later if this works out
My profits say yes and fuck you
44
It's true.  I'll be back, but I did exit my current holdings.
what happens in a week and why?
Apperantly paper handed pussies have to be reminded daily or they'll sell and start crying in the thread.
Is it a shitty choice? Name another company doing what Palantir are doing....
Ah ok. So it is an art piece?
But Toyota sold 10,5 million cars in 2019 and they're only worth $23 billion? 

AAAAh I get it. The fewer cars you sell the more you are worth. Makes perfect sense.
Mars and Satelites is Tesla? I thought that was SpaceX?
Yes Im very aware and my options account reflects this.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Long term it will probably rise. But long term... Now, after the burn a lot of people are looking for an out to decrease their exposure to it. This +8% climb is a perfect opportunity to do that. I expect another big drop in the next few days.
You dont get excited watch hard green candles nearly every day - everytime you see a bit of red hard green candle cocks eat it all up and push deeper up
this thread and this sub was way more about posting their positions. in fact if you didn't post positions you got trolled about getting banned - smdh wsb where you at?

12/11 - 371c
thanks ill continue shitposting about gay bears and PLTR now
Stop. Drop. Shut. Em. Down. Open. Up. Shop. Ohhhh. Nooo.
But they also dont have zero trade commissions according to some guys in Canada I follow on YouTube .  Not 100% on that though.
 Next month or so
vacccccccineeeee
Today or tomorrow.
either today or tomorrow
You think it won't pass the house? What makes you say that.
Yeah my dicky do isn't getting any better either, gettin old sucks.
See ya then!
Isnt NIO being threatened by the new anti china bill?
Hes hating cause he never hopped on board
Heres your emoji...
Got proof? What I've read said the Chinese government outlawed submitting to international regulatory authority. Nio is commonly listed next to Alibaba as being one of the big movers that could get delisted.
Proof?
 gonna get whacked imo. The heard of morons gonna panic today with a solid misunderstanding of bill passed yesterday
Sure friend
This sub has changed too much. Trinity lead me to the forked WSB sub
Says who?
 Clueless
So time it right
Not dead. My nephew and his buddies all still go there once a week. Only place for used games, used equipment. And only place they can trade in stuff, including broken hardware, for rewards. Us older people don't have the need for a physical experience like the younger gamers. Only place he and his buddies go, since they aren't old enough to drive, drink, party, etc. It's not dead, ya boomer
Your point? We are here to make tendies, not resurrect gamestop.
Salty about Tesla I see
PSTH merging with LEGO you heard it here first
I have more
Thank you will have an eye on the development. Only considering buying shares
Probably grabbing 12/4 600c market open then.
Its on the schedule for end of year. Not sure if people realize (they probably do) but Boeing was paying out millions of dollars to companies when they were grounded. This takes a significant amount of cash flow issue away.
Dec29
Thanks I'll check them out.
Rick roll
I didn't realize 2021 was 3 years from now retard.
LOL. Yeah.... imma say that's unlikely.
Ha, got 'em
I got 1/15, immediately down almost 40%
Fuck this company fuck this piece of shit Im so fucked
So do I that's why I'm hoping I don't get assigned. But it was a $55 premium for two days worth of risk and hopefully it will just stay above $10.50 since it dropped so much and I get $55 for the two days
On it. I'll let you know
Cant get to the moon in 24 minutes bro
Im holding.Been cut by my paper hands too many times before.
Lol Ive only been active on here this year but Im sure people were saying it back then as well
Sure but I meant people say that in the sense of the crash that never seems to come. The closest thing we have had to that was the week of the split in September when I had puts but sold too early...
I just bought some slightly ITM 19s about a month out
I can feel it happening but its just a hunch.
im up 126% on kss :)

&#x200B;

just go on a cruise
nah...theres no volume anymore. this is not a fair market...I dont mean that in the sense that its manipulated...I mean that in the sense that there is no legitimate price discovery. Gap after gap after gap and then sideways intraday movement to fuck option buyers is not a free market.
Isnt that what theyve been doing for the last 9 months?
What are they waiting for? Fire 'em up
I have $90 and $100 strikes. Might be a little too OTM but I got good fills. Let's do this 
But I already did that 2 days ago
amen brother
amen brother 
I know the bottom is 10$ per share. So I dont care but my money is stuck with the stock that barely keeps its gain. So missing out on oppurtunities else where.
I am not impatient, but nervous about the vote outcome.... sold some warrants today to reduce my exposure here.
These are not the MnMs you're looking for
Thanks for pointing out the typo, Einstein.
Ah pump it is
Guess we're holding these bags...can either go up or down oh well :D
or vote was at 10 AM PST lol
The way of the shit
Im not gonna sell at a huge loss. Im bagholding
Nope. 3 days of profit-taking on ended on Monday (my assumption), which is why I bought. Tuesday we went up as I had assumed (profit taking done, etc). Yesterdays dump was completely unexpected. No idea whats going on... Way oversold even looking at RSI/W%R.
Yes...remove
Less old people to support, bullish
Okay lets be friends cus youre a genius
lame and honestly, gay, and not even in the cool way
Its been flat for months
take the 10% rebound and come back to the dark side (if you like money)
Held thru all the red days and sold at the bottom
Yes. Up 80% someone calls me as Im trying to sell couldnt press sell and then boom tanks I lose everything
\*$30. 
rest in peace
I mean it was up 12.5% - so from where I bought my puts - its down 4% - are you new to this?  Im trying to help you.
Aw damn.
Are you sure about that?
Lol I'm actually up 33%
How so? Just getting into swings early?
There's premarket options on spx you noob
Your portfolio
This market makes no sense.
Shucks you are making me feel warm and fuzzy inside.

I don't know how Karma works but I believe it exists and notices all my actions, I'm human and therefore flawed but I aspire to do more good than harm to those around me.
My masters degree and I are really dumb but not dumb enough to think my penis makes me anything other than a man. Puts on your tiny brain.
Thanks senpai
Actually I can't afford Barron's so I didn't read that one 
Calls
I only ask cause last time I ran it to the day of my geeks were blanked out
!Remindme 2 days
Do you know how many times Ive held and got
Burned on this company over past cpl years lol
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PFE   42.0|1.15|1.2|1.18|0.0|-999.0%


PFE 42.0C 2020-12-11 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehbvj9&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I sold them last week for finally a small gain. I was thinking about buying some again with a slightly higher strike, I feel like I don't have patience for it and need something with a smaller market cap that has more room to grow MRNA and NVAX were scary this week though.
I said even less demand literally everything I listed was terrible for oil (aside from more production cuts in a save it from death type good) so naturally this market will pump it off this news. No reason for it to be in the $30s at this point $40s is hilarious.
COVID is done here, demand is coming back
Fuck you my portfolio is getting rekt like my uncle rekt my butthole when I was 5

Ill hold till FDA and EU approval. If it doesnt  after the FDA meeting next week, Im out dawg. 200 racks long on PFE, was hoping it would be the next ZM!
Im in at 4.26, will probs get out if it gets near 6 again today. Dont have any DD to stay long but please enlighten me if you do?
copy, will report back this time next year
Hmmmm... this is something I dont normally think about. Mainly play longer ITM calls with FDs sold against them. 

Perhaps youd indulge me like the Autist I am and give me an example play that I could talk to my wifes boyfriend about?
Japenese lofi beats tbh
missed earnings
it's just no fun anymore as dumb as that sounds. it feels so fake and slow now
History is on your side
Im asking for sentiment, not the exact answer you moron.
Yes, actually, at this point, I think everyone is on WSB, whether it's through a personal account or through big data scrapers.
Lol yeah that sums it up
LOL WOW
Who cares lol
I love sq, crm burned me 2k yesterday.
But this one is shaped like a cube.  A cube!!
Bounces sound like money to me
I just want to feel something, anything.
That is bull hypersteroids
Check the OI for Dec 4 370 calls
We have to clear 368 first.  But as those calls come ITM the delta gets higher and higher and the MMs themselves will be buying shares to hedge.
Shouldn't my max loss overnight be theta? If IV and price are the exact same? Right now I'm seeing 2.5x theta drops overnight.
Thanks! Vega is 0.5
Promote for retardation 
But since they arnt selling for a profit, do you think they will still get a solid bump?
Gotcha  engaged then
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
PLTR   40.0|0.0|0.01|0.01|0.01|266.518%


PLTR 40.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 50 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gehm9ko&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I dont use it personally but just bought it because its growth pot
eeesshhh that's tough. it might touch it. it gets run up PM, sold off in the morning, melts up for the rest of the day.
me and the bois are holding until tomorrow for sure
yeah this is basically me. then i watch everything i sell go up to +200% a few hours later, i guess its risk management or something gay like that
Record sales dumb cunt ceo didn't give guidance.
TSLA stock as a company has increased output by 780% this year. 

Beating expectations every quarter, and therefore issa perpetual buy. 

Thus creating the self sustaining economy we've all been looking for.
Hold up, ring ding ding ding ding ding
I hope I get exercised and my shares are assigned to the buyer
Got myself just one Mar 2021 200c that I've held since september and it finally came back to +10%.
Which would make sense but PPP was pretty broad. Not all the money had to go to payroll.
Check it out my friend. Be careful company has some debt however it is solid company that is open in US as well as UK , Ireland and most of the Europe. Despite what I said winter is coming people will be fuckin happy to just change scenery and go from netflix on the coach to the cinema. In the long term I expect at least minimal and safe double of my investment.
you have 100 shares of Amzn?
BOFA DEEZ NUTZ GOTTEEEMMM
Why
With hindsight 20/20, we should have sold it at open and buy it back literally 10 minutes later. That's a nice additional 15% gain right there on options
  **Boeing** ? ick na 

Selling JNJ

Buying moar TESLA
May 21 235 calls bought a few weeks ago sold today
Spoiler alert: it probably will end up being nothing lol
Probably
Already have 6k shares and 2k Jan 240.
It's only competitor is Airbus A320neo, which are 1) sold out through 2025 2) objectively worse in terms of fuel efficiency, carrying capacity, seating, though slightly cheaper.
Very nice. Average around 50 for me
Oh yeah, still holding shares. I thought I read something that said the squeeze would start today, but youre probably right
You remember me yeah I did and then now I bought puts
Decking materials (sorta like TREX) made out of recycled stuff. The pandemic and low interest rates have been a boon to home improvements. Wood is a main competitor, but wood prices have gotten out of control and there is a shortage. Products sold by companies like AZEK and TREX are great alternatives and require far less maintenance than wood.
Yeah I know, plus this was the special dividend of $10 / share. Silent Generation overlord Warren Buffett could have made an easy $40m off this shit.  Just looking to see how many more legs down before maybe getting some calls.
I thought so too lol
Nah I got busted
Apparently just everyone posting their annoying ass yearly music stats on Instagram
Oh shit my bad I thought this was the unemployment line
True true true. I sell options in my regular account but my schwab account isnt approved and they make it kinda annoying to get approved and Ive been lazy but your right this is exactly what I should do
Im up over 40 percent on AMD shares and I still think theyll grow a lot in the future but the autist in me is impatient
I like it. February 50c?

I grabbed some at the very bottom myself
Thats been known for a while though, you dont think trump signing it into law would have a negative effect, even if short lived? Three years may sound like a lot but with all the shady stuff going on for nios competitors (recent kndi scandal) and how other chinese stocks have been dropping due to fraud, I can see this taking some companies off the american exchanges.
Have a 615c 12/11 that I bought near 600 and its just been bleeding premium all week.  TSLA has lost its retard strength
Fuck Dylan, G 'n R all the way
No extension means merger dead right? So i guess well jump to 13-15 if extension passes. and we hover around 11.2-11.5 til then.
Everyone knows this already, so I wouldnt assume its going to play out like this
think I will do one on msft now :)
But the business just isnt performing well
i sold
thanks going to do the exact opposite of this
Not holding. Trying to grab some puts for a quick swing trade
Quick trades for $$$ by noon
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nescos-stock-rockets-after-15-billion-acquisition-deal-and-large-equity-investment-from-platinum-blackstone-2020-12-03
Not after that 15% drop. Paperhand fucks.
5/21 40C
I understand your concern. If it does Im going to keep buying shares. Been following for 20 years and it has this history. Buy on weakness. The weakness lasts 6 to 12 months and then its off to the races. Ive never made less than 50%. Usually only takes a 12 month holding period. Then I sell too soon and it goes up another 30 to 50%....lol.
Cool burn dude
its ok i bought 12/11s
big bois like to cover and lighten up ahead of 10:30, lunch, 1:15-1:30, 3:30. Watch for the price to gravitate to the vwap around those times
Basically I have covered calls expiring next friday with a 23 strike price. If I close now Im breakeven. If I wait till next friday thats 13K gain. Not sure if I should hold or if its super risky
Ehh, I bought in this morning and am worried that Boeing is gonna carry this market.
I bought spy puts at the top because of you. Bless up 
Retard
Yeah even if so its gonna take time to delist them right?
Lol so i buy lotto calls let it consolidates for 30 min then gets two thick red dick candles to 265.60 ish
That it shuts down or that it'll last that long?
High of day and I also meant tried*
Are you lost?
Well I just fucking missed it by 2cents and it rebounded 20 cents fuck me
Don't act like this song isnt stuck in your head now.
I sold it I just hate Amazon calls I had hope on Monday after one big day finally now just fades sense
Sounds like the whole market.
You responded to your own post
or even long after...
Because we could potentially be screwed long or short.
Nah
52wk high is >76. That can happen again
bad idea!
Because shit is really bad lol
When BA was at 239.02
BA can
Did you hear McRib is back
To buy
This morningup 85%
Look up what open interest means bro
Bullish I think?
Probally. Shorts are desperate to keep this sub 15.80. I see sub 15.80 on Tuesday. Then we get a surprise curveball on earnings.
1/15 is a leap??
Number go up = good
Welp I guess this is how they get retail traders to not jack the price up
Yeah sadly this yeets a regular retail trader ish
Okay true. Open interest was at 1 now volume is at 1.83k lol. Someone trying real hard to get all the puts
Im still waiting for them to release 11.2M shares.
Im betting on it!  I think we take out the 52 week high of 607.
Sq never stays flat lol it moves a fuck load every day
Wtf bro you jinxed it. Shit wont move lol
it's pretty good ngl
Already starting its moon mission
Username checks out!
i sold an option how the fuck do i cash it out
I second DIS, could see 200 by next year.
Delta on my calls is .724 so what does that mean? And is delta greater for far OTMs?
Ah okay. Live and learn I guess. Thanks
Good idea. Its a pretty volatile one and weve got a while to go before things go back to normal, so I think Ill wait and hope for my next buying opportunity and just buy more at higher strike with similar expiry since 2022 is probably far enough. I dont think Ill sell this one, since I didnt put much in. Ill just buy some new contracts.
Gambling 101
I'm in on ACB, new to this, it's nice to know I'm at least at the level of the most autistic people
They have a deal with Volvo and intel
Exp?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
CHWY   74.0|4.1|4.4|4.5|0.81|82.705%


CHWY 74.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gei1vog&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I usually wait until 6:30 not anytime before
wouldnt the CEO being Epstein make you want to invest more?
yeah, was just wondering if there was a catalyst or something? I didnt see any news but mightve missed something
Following
Positive. Lock bet of the century. Put December mortgage payment on it
Might just be the case
have you tried eating less than 10 cheeseburgers per day?
CRSR is a hardware company that is down 14% yesterday alone

Your shit should be flying off the shelves not being called bloated
Bleeding red sideways for the foreseeable future
Yeah lol so wouldnt that be bad?
X2, youll hate options starting with Tesla
I like the way you think amigo
lets go compadre
Bought puts at 25.
Me too
Will it print or not? lol but yes I have read about it and am trying to get a better grasp of it.
Thing is it dropped on news of the vote on the weekend. Despite said news also telling us it would be taken to the floor without discussion or amendments. So we already knew exactly the text of the bill.

The only reasonable explanation for not dropping today is a negative result was fully priced in based on the likeliness of the measure passing.

If so I'm a bit of a dumbass for not going in yesterday on NIO and BABA a bit more with my extra change but whatever. Sometimes you miss plays.
Way cheaper
Dont underestimate the strength of this market - all we need is another vaccine pump, stimulus pump, brexit pump and algos will push us straight through 370 easy
This was full sarcasm ask your girl over shell tell you I wasnt soft... also maybe delete your comment history before you say sum
https://techcrunch.com/2020/12/03/alibaba-ethiopian-airlines-to-ship-covid-vaccines/
They make the virus to sell the vaccine bro
What does thsi mean senpai
Gonna sell, profit is profit
Facts I totally agree
Sorry bad grammar. I did that on an afternoon weeks ago
Fuck you i know im broke again
Word thank you
If u had weeklies probably smart
my total % gain. obviously i'm not talking about daily. smh.
I got xmas 10$ calls. Maybe the gift me
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
VXX   19.0|0.06|0.07|0.07|-0.02|114.686%


VXX 19.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=geho44k&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
instruments to take money from idiots to a few geniuses (all legal)
Aight relax, don't want it to go down that much haha
The bad call I made was fuckin buyin in at 31
That's the joke.
Im in bed and have school in 20 min. No clue just day trading, seems like 240 was resistance with temporary break to 241.50. Predicting at least 235 today
3190 12/4
Nah but its pretty obvious investors are waiting in the wings to jump in on Boeing before it passes 250. Again EUA wont be denied which bodes well for travel stocks.
Theil and Elon are partners... so yeah.
Says one of the people posting the same ticker 15,000 times a day 
Will it go to 30 ?
Diamond of course
2 million
2/3 of the senate already have it legal in their state (rec or med) it will be passed in Jan and sleepy man will sign it into law
You got some?
They popped to $3.40 on positive vaccine news. Hoping they do so again when life returns to normal and air travel recovers
90% of pltr bulls and bears still dont know what pltr does
Not saying the companies are similar at all, talking about ownership breakdown
Yea rkt is the number one/two mortgage lender for a decade? Im not saying they arent viable companies, Im saying they either stay a meme or dont, and if they dont, they go back to a fair market value, often very near the price point Ivy League PHDs valued it at - IPO price
Just barrow all the $ you can and go in.
Yeah cause they want to offload their shares after realizing that Michael Burry is right.... you really trust GS bro 
Have you seen their software demos? Pretty dope shit tbh
Why is pltr getting so much hype anyhow
it's similar in that it's misunderstood and hard to value

I think Karp is a fine face for the company... he's not Elon but give it time and I bet you he will be a household name.
It's pronounced "gay bear"
I know, but their tech was not in demand, now is the time.
earlier this year the microsoft buyout was enough to make a few hundred dollars off mvis
No rumor. Look at recent board of directors addition.
Im expecting a dip at open and hopefully pump like yesterday till midday
I only have xom and oxy calls
see ya at the end of the day
Holding shares
Salty much? And 
PS
Suck my 
Ew they wont let you take the losing clan tag off ??
Now I see and feel how dumb I am. Blessed be your day dear friend.
If you believe in NIO long term, yes
That was yesterday. I bought at open and I'm already up 18%
Lol, I sell options you cuck
Dip buying bro. Thats why its up almost 4% AH
!remindme 9 hours this mf just said the bill is a non factor
So why is it down AH? If it was price in there should be a less than 1% change
You dont think it drops further if/when mango signs?  Even if that doesnt result in anything real action, I think it still would dip further.
Isnt it too early to buy rolls Royce ?
Lmao that shits gonna be a penny stock
Probably LOL
Btw is this your defense for being a salty bitch to me earlier because I was right AGAIN and you were wrong? Hmmm show some class man
Good for you, Im up 10 times that and Im holding till its 10 times more because I only pick winners
INCREDIBLE SALE
Don't say I didn't warn you.
I would still wait. You can get a better price point closer to the weekly demand. https://ibb.co/M8YgBpW
Hell yeah then we can buy more calls. Swing trading pltr is fucking amazing
Fuck if I know.
Its been 9 months in the making. Im sticking to my guns and getting out with my gains.  Sweet sweet relief
Ive made the most money off of XLE and XOM. With the exception of NIO, ive lost money on all other meme shit here like Purple.

Theyre still downvoting rofl
Heh it's actually not insane when you start to think about it.. I don't think chine is trying to stir the pot but...

Check the covid results from testing old donated blood and how far back it goes and where they found it... Google it
because he read old news.
This bill will trigger institutional off loading.
Delisting
I did and cut my losses. I had 300c :)
But do I get a discount in the Wendy's parking lot?
Dude. It's a threat to delist the companies. Weigh the impact and tell me it's priced in.
 DING  DING 
You are on WSB, so, however long that's been a thing
Look at Mr math wiz over here
Just got my repair completed and they sent me a new console. Maybe they'll do the same with the vaccine. Also, puts on fedex, was rerouted to India a billion times when they failed to deliver my repair unit
Paranoid, retarded....
Never had a flu shot, never had the flu motha fucka
(Lots of people dont get the flu vaccine)
Theres not a vaccine for the flu and its been around for a long time, youre going to take a cvaccine that affects your dna that was made in 6 months ? Yah Ill pass dawg
No I don't take the flu shot - I'm not a pussy and my healthy body is more than capable of fighting the flu and corona. All those at risk or elderly etc are more than welcome to protect themselves.
Reschedule for AH on Friday. Delay take off and check the o-rings.
Caught me
There's a lot of 2021 for ber 2 win

No way we hit 4k SPX next year
Goldman Sachs is just trying to offload their Tesla bags lmao
Nah I'm chillin I ain't fighting Tesla til it cracks with bad market headwinds on top of it.

Gonna be a fun short tho. Below 300 at some point
godspeed 

make money both ways 
Thank you very little. Just curious with such a large dividend. Stocks probably gonna be a bit volatile. Plus they just dipped because of slowing earnings. I dont know but might have been a good entry with a $10 cushion
I think that was today. So you had to have owned it yesterday into today if thats the case. Boat set sailed then 
lol
I say only because I only made $500. Was expecting more
This is the way OTM weeklies (lotto ticket) bought on Monday.
My PLTR puts were up 500% at one point yesterday lol
Thanks, I operate a freemium service. You need to pay a subscription to access the second half of my 'buy low...' strategy
That is what I'm getting at. Most stuff I see is about the PS5.  
My last console was a PS3, so I'm way out of the loop.  Just curious, also bagholding MSFT calls.
Explain please
Jan 22 $120 // Jan 23 $130
Because its a retarded stock which does follow fundamentals and only goes down
Then just wait. Next week itll go to 20s
I wish it were different, but we have to accept reality.
it's a lottery ticket
To Robin Hood, my bank, or both? Because if robin hood margin called me, I'm absolutely fucked in terms of getting that money back into my checking. I just owe the margin call correct? My bank reversed the payment to robin hood.
35. Bought at 32. 3.60 premium a contract. So not to shabby.
i made a DD like 5 or 6 days ago and it's been printing money since
bye bye mee
I guess. Shit loves to bleed tho 
Bad
Good for some, bad for most
Hell yes bro 2023 leaps is the way to go
more like since 2016 lmao
Then why am I down?!
I took 700 calls for 12/24 and Goldman Sachs has raised target as well so it should
What could go wrong if you dont? Wrote a few weekly calls for first time this week.
Thats bad advice.
I'm not talking about the market. Im talking about clean energy stocks
The 26s. 

Over 53k have traded and IV is 194%. Ill collect $45 if it doesnt and if it gets called away Ill make a few hundred by selling the shares. 

Sold the out and wouldnt mind getting assigned at 23. Id just sell covered calls again the next week
Thanks for the confirmation basis, all in
Time to buy calls

Fuck those with paper hands, anti trust news is not new

Can't cuck the zuck
A few grand because Im a poor and my acc is in the low 5 figures.
i do man... just sold CSPs for 21. Would love to get assigned and go long shares on this. $50 stock long term
Yup
Says the one that cant spell definitely
Go stand on a rug and have your wifes boyfriend pull it out from underneath you. Come back when you understand.
u guys do be tripping tho
During a short squeeze, does it take a few days to climb to those levels, or is it one of those where it shoots up within seconds/minutes and drops down again? (Thanks for answering by the way, still learning the ropes)
I appreciate it
Imagine trying to ban someone because they said something you don't like 
Nice weeklies retard
Had 1000  @ 15 and sold @ 24 retard
Cool okay so GameStop with 5:1 leverage. Any particular reason?
Lol come on theres gotta be something
I was born and raised retard! The NY accent doesnt even exist in NY anymore! Only old timer italians still talk like that. Looks like YOU gotta stop watching movies and actually come to NY. Like my boy 69 once said STUUUPIIIDD
Nyc accent is non existant among the youth. You ever see a black man from NY talk with an ny accent? Or even asian? Maybe some white kids but even those are a dying breed. This ny accent shit gotta go its annoying.
I'm not even worried about shares at this point. Just not sure if it will happen today or if we need to wait a bit longer.
Ur gay
Because IM PICKLE RIIIIIIIIIIICK
In a very simplistic explanation, they are the Ubers of space for big space companies to hire for last mile deliveries
space hauler with no revenues til about 20 years from now
Fuck Burry.  Bulls all day!
Fair point
Because my 560 calls expire next week and I dont want my ass to get blown up
good idea
21st?
!RemindMe 5 years
Weird, this article mentions NIO as a possibility for getting delisted:  
[https://www.investors.com/news/china-stocks-delisting-threat-grows-for-alibaba-nio-house-vote-kandi-fraud-allegations/](https://www.investors.com/news/china-stocks-delisting-threat-grows-for-alibaba-nio-house-vote-kandi-fraud-allegations/)
I respect that, if I was bullish long calls would be the move, hedge with puts
no like the plate the turkey is served on, you know, a pltr
don't act like you're not impressed
Fuck your money too
The House of Representatives on Wednesday unanimously passed a bill that sets the stage for delisting Chinese companies on U.S. exchanges, including electric-vehicle makers such as XPeng , and Li Auto .

So I read the article looks like nio is compliant with the auditing that will take place. Im Holding
already did on CRWD a while ago before the pop, son.
Just constantly check on the disclosure
I love this community. Buffett if you're reading. Plz get PLTR to 40
The hope will keep pltr going.
This is the secret tech for major gains
And my axe!
Deep pocketed shorts are doubling down. They dont know theyre priming the pump for the spike to go higher
His point still stands
Do you have a better idea on when to sell or something?
So if I move to China, my red Robinhood will be a good thing? Brb
Dude they're definitely green. I had 2 other people look at it to confirm. You might wanna get checked yourself
I'm a couple months from 39, in the final stages of a divorce, and about to go on vacation with my smoking hot divorce lawyer.

Don't doubt your vibe(s).

Sith Lord out
Im 25 too and feel this
Wait till youre 40 and fucking lonely AF
Yes lol Im 34 now and feel less likely than ever to get married
ok boomer
Or people have a lot more agency now to do what they want and realize that marriage and kids doesn't have to be the blueprint they need to follow and can spend the time to decide if that's for them or not
Surprised i survived being 24
Smart guy located
I'm betting you still have an Aol email address.
that's why we're up/active at this time right now duhh
It's a new SPAC, LAZR is the ticker.
My IV is fine. Fluids replenished.
Lol well that's a guarantee
Had to block him. Like every other comment I was reading was him trying to talk it down. It must be a sad life
....it was in the thousands before a 5:1 split
Its a problem. Im so used to tuning in and out of what I want to read/ hear about on the internet its created an awkwardness in real life conversations. Its like being forced to listen to and interact with a YouTube ad.
Im referring to random small talk conversations. But yes agree.
Im plenty friendly. Its just faked interest and enthusiasm 99% of the time.
Lol wut bruh
no. I wake up at 5 every morning.
It got to 25 today so Im being content and anxious for that
Mr. Chart and huge money at close signaling a run to 60
Id say playing with fire
I bought my weeklies yesterday so as long as we get over 23.50 by end of week I'm solid but I feel ya. 50 EOW work???
Oh shush
I cant get entirely into that, I've only worked with Gotham's integration into DoD. I can tell you it was an absolute game changer compared to what we were doing 10 years ago and incredible how it integrates into any existing system. Their site engineers were smart as fuck and it never went down. If you know government systems "never down" is a foreign phrase.

Seeing how the DoD uses it I can absolutely see every company with money using Foundry. There is literally no other company competing for what they offer. Seeking Alpha had a good article this morning on it and I just sat nodding my head reading.
Yeah. Jobs numbers and unemployment are total garbage imo. Underemployment and people who stopped looking should be counted. Make it FT v not FT
Your mom loves my fat cock 

She sucks the shaft and calls me the best trader ever
And sub 1 trillion is a pipe bomb
Oh yeah? How's trade war agreement part 2 going?
Most articles seem to agree. Even though its not the Heros Act, the fact that theres new level of cooperation between repubs and dems could be just as positive for markets as the stim itself.
Always be looking for the next 10 bagger. This is why you're poor
Ready Player 2 is out bro!
I agree, why else would I be here? 

If you are not retarded, you're in the wrong place!
Because an extention means the deal hasn't fallen through. Higher confidence means higher prices. But yeah, will probably fall off but to a higher floor.
Nice
Name checks out
im saying this will be a 1k stock easily by 2030.
There was a spike a month ago I could have sold at -20% but got greedy. Might unload them at 128-129 resistance if it gets there
100% serious. If this shit keeps popping Ill be 200% serious and worried for the McDonalds workers. Ideas?
Exactly, I hate it.
My time machine is rkt. Rode that shit Im to 30 and held like a retard and got burned. Not happening again lol sold pltr at 33.10
Its seen as a step in the right direction. One step closer means the companies are more viable and share price should reflect that. Sure theyll all go up 5000% and then settle down to a modest 10% increase overall, thus burning half this subs money in the process. But a modest bump in share price is reasonable if it gets passed.
30 :) we got two days
Oh in that case print print print
Id love to see it but $80 (14%) days arent typical, even on a good one.
Probably nio or tesla. Remortgage the house on it
Idc about the extension it still isnt going to moon.
Sweet, thanks
Goddam dude I was being sarcastic!  Calm down and buy some NIO.
Thanks.  Should have got out when I was up 140%.  Greed sucks, learning experience.  Looking for next all in play.
Youre saying a legit stock is going to dump for no reason, but Im delusional. Wake up man the sell off is over and the bill is literally nothing. I agree some people are stupid and panic sell but its over with the stock will be back over 50 next week
Why are they so many 12-mo price targets in the $100-$300 range? I guess the entire world is delusional. Shouldn't have played weeklies pal
Bingo.
Mustve smelt some ballshit earlier. Didnt know if it was true that some announcement was happening? The merger extension result
24.68 EOW
No, vaccine phase 3 results only came out last 2-3 weeks.  They won't even be approved till next week.  Most of the uncertainty wasn't even removed until recently and more will be removed in the next couple weeks.

If you want to be in denial, don't buy cruise stocks and just watch on the sidelines.
... that's what we are getting this time. No Buyden Bucks. =[
We're talking the whole millennium baby.
I meant like 2000-2100 but Im tired and shouldve said 21st century.
Idk thats why I put potential. NKLA was or is valued in the billions and has no product, revenue or business to show for it. Seems pretty high on the list of schemes.
Cat been bouncin all week fml
Where were u monday
220
1 year out, .8 delta in the money calls, u get like 2x leverage usually compared to if u just bought stock
They reconvene at 12 apparently to begin discussion of the MORE act, I assume they vote after but who the hell knows. Been watching reps talk all morning and half of them are retarded. The even put a little R next to the retarded ones so you can ID quicker.
this is the way
Yeah, like the names of the dudes you blew in the Blockbuster parking lot
I'm trying to buy some here and thete on the dips. They'll go over 50 imo eventually.
good man takes his licks. Good man you are
Why did they go away just change in style or did they break reddit rules?
which platform, Ronbinhood?
Dear god wtf happened
Honestly I bet Elon set up this whole bullshit with the bill just so he could get more people buying. I hate how manipulated the market is so many illegal things happen everyday but the rich can do what they want its so annoying
what's the usual range for DXY? like not in times of panic.

edit: thanks for your insight as well

I've been playing with if since the $2's but they burned me too many times with that shit. Gonna be a legit player long term, though.
Well I feel sorry for your healthcare system failing you and some drug company being able to buy your doctors has led to a general consensus that drugs are the solution to your problems.
If not this week, next week for sure... and then it will keep climbing
Yeah its a rollercoaster rn. My $30 calls are holding their ask price tho. I believe today will be a Green Day just be patient
Truth but many of these investors (wsb tards) are struggling right now and trying to make money any way they can.  Lots of good fundamentals but you can get fucked by the long dick of MM so easily
Thats what Im trying to find out rn
ooh GME earnings next week?

I will be sure to sell extra puts lol - free money
Maybe, but I'd sell before then. In this market, the hype is always overblown
For the new few days, weed stocks
Weed calls for the house pass, weed puts for Senate rejection
Death toll, administration that takes it more seriously, policy changes, unemployment rate.
Ah - yeah in that case I disagree

They really do solve a much needed problem. If it works they way they claim it does, its ground breaking and will be the Microsoft office 365 subscription for any gov't or multi-national corporation.

Once the gov't adopts it, they force contractors to use it, now its the standard forever.
There She Blows, by Sixpence fuck me quicker
Nice. I went ATM at 20 and for 2022. More conservative I guess. Maybe for these high conviction long term ones I should to further out the money.
IDK, I sold Monday at 18 and I'm about to btfd when it drops below 16. LFG!
Dont talk about the nightmares
At -96% you might as well stick it to -100%
Planitar
So whales will mass sell to hopefully cause retail to panic sell, just so they can potentially profit off it, rather than hold and wait for natural stock appreciation? If this is the argument, Im very confident in my bullish sentiment
[deleted]
Obviously but the chances of me becoming a millionaire at this point are slim to none. I could follow you autists and yolo what money I have on FDs but quite frankly I don't have the balls.
Its weird to think 6 months from now Covid will basically be eradicated
Ill hop in
During times like this its best to buy weeklies Wednesday into Friday. Before split I can recall seeing 0DTE go from 2 digits to 4 digits.
Well thatll change today! This is the play I finally break even from a 10k loss which brought me to $400 lol from 400 to 12k here we go
They will be forced in I believe the next 20 years probably less look at Venezuela, to put the dollar against magical mag coin and by then itll be way over 100,000k etc
Would of been a gangster move
Im holding calls
Way to edit your comment lol nice save
Extreme overreaction
Gonna jump out 25-30 I think. Got burned by C  C last time and determined not to let that happen again. Got in at $10.45 so I think Im a good position
Because say no to racism
True but I have ba shares for green. I buy options for yolo
No I bought them on Monday morning at 2.2 cents each, I didn't sell at +700% because they'll either expire worthless, or +5000%!
Puts on sales force is money in a fire I want in at open pump after
See you soon brother
That sounds good. I honestly think it hits 240 by end of next week.
I got greedy and didn't sell my calls at 177%, now my contract is nearly worthless and expires tomorrow.
Why not?
My man 
 probably true
Its literally free lmao. Even if all of a sudden the stock delisted id lose like 5 dollars overall. I fully appreciate the retards here now lmao
Would invest in Sony before I invest into GameStop lol. Youre investment is equivalent to investing into RadioShack rather than in tech.
pfe is good if you are swing trading in a roth and or scalping
Look at the RSI and W%R. $35 is oversold
Looks like it's part of you forever, then.
Ah I see, I got in when it was still GMHI at 12
Im at like 90% gains boss
[Cramer ](https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.thestreet.com/.amp/jim-cramer/reasons-to-buy-cramers-mad-money-recap-dec-2)
Thats what I thought because its my understanding when Vix is a little higher a dip isnt that big of a deal because there is already some hedging going on. When Vix is really low though thats when you get huge pops on little news. Is this right?
Yeah true doesn't really matter how high
If you hate money
Do you think 100M people will actually be vaccinated?
Take CCL for example- 2019 revs were 20 bil, at around 25% EBITDA margin thats 5 billion. 

After vaccine, cruise industry will recover as people want to travel and pig out; pent up demand already seen in prebookings. By 2021, I see no reason we arent at least close to 2019 numbers (imo it will be higher because of pent up demand from lockdown fatigue). CCL and other cruises have raised debt/undergone dilution as you mentioned, but this has given them the liquidity to be able to survive until we beat covid.

Then lets take their 2015-2019 EBITDA multiple of 11x, take it down a turn to 10x even, if you want to compensate for additional risk you perceive from higher debt load (although imo they have the liquidity to make it so not much risk of BK)

5 bil EBITDA * 10x multiple = 50 billion enterprise value

Subtract their debt load (I think its like 24 bln) and you end up with an equity value of 26 billion. CCL current market cap is 24.7 billion  based on my shitty back of the envelope math you could argue that its pretty fairly valued if not (very) slightly undervalued.

And, none of my analysis accounts for upside case numbers or any growth in the industry, which would push the valuation upwards. Yes, there is the chance of covid vaccine delays but most cruises are starting up in 2021 anyways so theres a buffer.

TLDR: cruises are likely to survive until pandemic ends with the liquidity gained from debt/equity raises > pent up demand gives upside for cruise industry recovery into 2021 and beyond > back of the napkin valuation shows theyre fairly valued
Might wait a bit! Usually a upgrade makes people FOMO all depends! Ive been wanting to close out all my positions for like the 4th time
Hahah! \*Noice\* AAPL looking pretty good for a LEAP play here though ngl. But I haven't done a complete DD yet. PLTR is such a joke for options rn. Shares may be a good play there. 

Forgive me for the pointless advice. Its the coffee. Stay safe !
Okay, lets keep an eye out, shall we! Thanks bro
Might get red on Friday the usual, better time to enter
No source lol
Lol you sound like a tool. San Diego sucks ass. I hope the wind gets worse and your house loses half its value.
Ill gape your father
Thats hot
U get my upvote
19 hours
Furtherrrrr
That will be up nicely to start the day.
yeah if you're doing PMs, physical or mining are the only ways to play it.   paper PM market has been manipulated for decades
Well, you can never know, if it wasn't for that hit-piece I feel like the meme stocks could have gone for a few more days.
Exactly .. you think were gonna have more than the average yearly increase in just two months?
Same and SQ is fucking gold. I just sit here and write SQ 300 by 2022 all day
i suspect institutions are buying in now, and are not going to paper hand their shares if a dip comes
Its still 1% from the top of today?
It turned me from gambler to investor
Yes absolutely. Genomics will be the biggest tech revolution since the internet.

People focus on healthcare but there are near endless applications to agriculture, industrials, manufacturing, consumer goods, environmental management... gene editing in some form will permeate every facet of life in a couple decades mark my words
quoting catch phrase: "C'mon man"
Ah it just changed. Was GMHI when I posted that.
Hahaha gap up Monday 
I'm bullish through the wheel, not sure what you mean

But in general the biggest downside risk is millennial makes going back to regular life and not using disposable income to trade options instead of going to bars etc.
I write puts so people pay me to take their shares during a bottoming of sentiment, you know? Then I expect to write covered calls and profit through income and appreciation over time. 

You should be writing 95 covered calls on days when RKT is showing toppish behavior, then buy back when the inevitable pullback happens.

Search the internet for "wheel options strategy"
Thanks for the clear and precise explanation. So whats the play here? I'm more of a "safe" investor so I prefer leaps. Do you think $25c Jan 2022 leaps are a good play?
Pretty much lol. People see Boeings 52 wk high and think damn its still 40% below that what a deal!
Guh.
Imagine Xbox or Playstation setting aside their service in favor of GME.
I thought you guys were supposed to be degenerate fd traders. 

As someone who knows nothing about BA, those 250s are safe... probably.
No, it might not be impossible otherwise.
i had some puts for this week but lost some there but gonna wait to buy in next week is my thought
The theta on 12/31 250c is 0.12, while the delta is 0.18. The IV is only 48%.
Waiting till EOD. Mid day its rare to see any kind of action.
$19
had to leave the office to come to the playground
I have calls on STNG 12c january - oil (kind of)  also holding stocks on XOM (inner boomer wants dividends to reload account when I screw up)

currently reading up on what another autist was shilling with AHT.  When I free money up may look at going there as well?
I made a lot. But gave a huge chunk back buying more. Fools game
Yeah I have 1.1k lets see it rocket
Oh thats a cash dividend then. Gotcha thank you.
Ive been in the market for 20 years bud. That stock isnt going anywhere any time soon.
i went all in on aapl back in october thinking i might be able to make enough tendies to actually buy the product they were revealing. it tanked tho.
Lol Im holding calls I bought at $140.
That's the one
So can I buy a call and sell it the same day? Like how the fuck does it work.
PLTR
If you're scared, roll out your calls a month. None of the retards here talk about it, but you can pay like 40 dollars  contract to extend the date 2 weeks
True. Anyways go long at open with calls
Arent most blank check companies?
The data scientists around here lmao
It implies less interest from the younger generation; which is what makeup is all about trends and gaining new young customers.
Everyone who wanted out got out ahead of the vote. Inverse of buy the rumor, sell the news.
Yeah this I don't understand.
I cam get down with that
IDK......... someone who knows something about something help
Maybe prepping for tax season, she made a lot of ZM purchases so I am comfortable holding (at a loss rn).
I hope people stop calling pelosi a master negotiator after this. Mitch once again proves that he is the most skilled politician in Washington. Not that its a good thing for Americans but he knew exactly how to play this scenario to his advantage.
Still optics are terrible for her. Even if thats true, then she just got played as a sucker. She shoulda taken the 1.9T Mnuchin plan and seen how it played out. Taking the blame off her and back on McConnell/senate prior to the election.

Seems like she bet on a blue wave and it failed. But even that bet is dumb as she couldve always passed more after the election.
You still get the premium no matter what and any upside to the stock from purchase price up to the call strike point.    Yeah just let it expire

Let it ride and take the win!  You made $$.
been holding these bags for like 6 months, so obviously manipulated
Pass the house? Likely. Senate is probably dead on arrival.
profit is profit
I'm holding 369 calls that expire tomorrow lol
will the result be public immediately or will it take a bit to break?
in that case, yes the chineese must have launched something
110% on all of them, and they were all weeklies. I rarely ever do weeklies so I was happy to grab the money and run there. \~2700 total.
I break even at 268 on shares, calls about ~265ish yeah.
Im literally so fucked and Im almost itm and bought way lower. The burn is insane
Ok
sold covered calls at yesterday's lows
The market sentiment is a bunch a people just buying shit hoping it continues to run after its already up 7%+ that day. They DG it because thats what its actually worth based on math
literally
what time is the vote
Gotchu. Funny story either way. +1 for crab
This incessant pump is so Painful to watch when you see the daily headlines from COVID.
I know . The painful memories riding down from ~60 to ~45 still haunt me though.
My boa Burry tweeting conspiracy theories about the election and shorting TSLA
It looks like cooked old man cock if you're doing it right
Whats nutty is it shouldve printed big by now this shit is so oversold its insane
Are you using line or candlesticks? The sticks are more accurate for that sort of thing
I also have exactly 10 shares of  
Hes just fear mongering to try to get the republicans to allow them to print more money
Are you a time traveler? LAZR's IPO was literally today.
WSB makes the bubbles. Then big companies make the bubble pop for profit.
Nice sounds like a ride, good luck
yeah I was gonna get calls in anticipation but was 2 scared glad someone making money though. for sure man shares are the play
touche!
all USA carriers suck.  They fly for Wall street, not passengers.
Trading at that time is extremely light. If it happens its by the 14th.
Definitely a gamble but Ive been watching BA for a long time, it always has these insane runs and then it dips and relaxed for an hour or two and then it runs hard and fast. I still think it has lots of room to fill
The only thing that's bottomed out is your Robinhood account value, this shit stock has more to go on its road to delisting 
t. buttblasted palantard 
> Got in at 17

oh thats fine then. i was expecting like $28 like the other retards. carry on
anxiety must be off the charts
Should I yolo on Fisker?
I say that like Im smart but I still lost 10% of my portfolio when it fell. Puts just helped me recover.
Remember that guy who got arrested for taking a shit in her driveway.  I hereby nominate him for the highest civilian honor we have.
Yah how was this not the obvious play?
Whats your strike?
idk bud, sold at 208
I have honestly made more just buying shares but still trade options 50% of the time
No of course not but I still think 250 is a long term floor for them once it gets sorted out. They're the biggest company in the dow. I'm holding shares from 100$ during the covid crash
Haha nice, europoor here as well.
Alright, well we'll see what happens. Balls deep as well. But chart doesnt look soo good tbh, it was more of a downward movement. Fingers crossed for tendies!
Yuuup. Cant let money sit idle cause its just gonna get shrekt anyways.
Why
that would be a good christmas present
Thats why I bought puts
Next quarter rev will be up huge
Listerine strip hands
Thanks bro

Missed it, what was the PT? holding next week's calls hoping for a post ER pop
Undervalued AF, finally ran out of bad news. If you don't mind waiting abit there is going to be a killer ER in Feb so leaps are easiest money of your life.
Undervalued. Big time.
kinda i have a 595 call i bought 2 days ago exp 12/11 but yesterday gave me a heart attack since its my last yolo
how has that worked for you?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p45ijmdsmn4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p45ijmdsmn4)

i've read some stuff where people backtested that and even with volatility dropping the puts did not become profitable or only broke even

there are other ways to be short volatility that probably work better than buying VXX puts

but honestly I'd just buy SPY
Deadass. It was one of the very first tickers I ever discovered myself and it was around $20 when I hopped in
Are you talking about indices or individual stock? Cuz if individual stock then I can show a million examples. Just look at RKT, DKNG and FSLY
No...  Id buy it while its red and sell it later in the day when it barely hits green.  Make a quick, easy 20%.
Im very, very bullish on TSLA but they make major swings.  If it hits +$25 at 10-11am, you can sure believe it will drop down to +$20 (at a minimum) for a period.
Its may pass the house but probs DOA at Senate, cant see Do Nothing Mitch allowing this bill on the floor
Now youll be excited to hear my PT from charts is 70 next Friday thats with no news
Why do you say that
Its due diligence of deep dive basically saying do ur research on the stock before buying
No, CLDRs revenue growth slowed down the last two quarter while docus growth accelerated. It also depends on the future expectation of the two companies. theres clearly more hope or opportunity for docu to grow because CLDR is in a highly competetive market and has more or less reached its potential
DOCU reports earnings today. Expected numbers are  $0.13 per share.   I guess we'll all find out after the market opens today what works.
saw, profit up. Man I like Kroger but that stock goes nowhere
I bought atm puts hoping for a pullback from the last big green dildo. No real news I could find justifying the pop, so I gambled.
People on fox last night we heated af about election shit. It never ends dude always something to argue about these days.
My portfolio counts on it lmao
I guess Ich werde auch bald Homeless sein. Lol
I got both, some shorter ones and some longs. 

Both will look nice
AWWW YISSSSS!!!! I should too, actually.
It seems its moon bound today
It hit 12.75 at the endish of November
No one seem to care. They just look at the stonk price and compare it to pre-covid. I agree with you fully, the valuation right now is way too high. I've sold calls which I've had to cover for wayyyy to much imo.
holding through earnings?
i can see it on my brokers platform
for sure and they had no bailout
MVIS is in LIDAR. They're working on delivering a working prototype to a potential buyer by or before April.
Yeah I mean OTM have extremely fast theta decay close to expiry I'm sure you get they though
What do u want son?
Seems like it started at $12 and $12.50 but is trending up.
Might be tomorrow yah
I was short AAL 11P for feb, and then i dumped them as soon as we were up 4%. this thing is on short covering. you dont go 13->16 in two days
Nah fam all Gucci see if this helps. Its been lagging for me too, not sure if restarting the app kickstarts the bitch or if Im just too impatient
I know this reply is a little bit late, but I dug deeper into the situation and found out it's actually mainly based on the stimulus talk news as talks are positive
I think the positive is cruises could restart towards middle to  end of 2021, it seems people assumed they would never come back lmao
Yep. I got in at the first time their target price was raised...staying in a bit longer.
It had trouble getting to 30 pre-Covid, no reason it should be there now
I just sold my calls few mins ago ($14 weeklies) at .82 - hoping it'll dip a bit again before earnings so I can buy back in. GL!

>  Im gonna be a rich man on the next red day

Or a poor man on the next green day.
Oh well then maybe. Timing is everything
GUH
I was just coming back to say the same thing.  I think they will report great numbers for the last quarter but will have terrible guidance.  People can't be feeling great about guns with the incoming administration
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
SPY   372.0|0.52|0.53|0.52|-0.09|11.612%


SPY 372.0C 2020-12-7 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gei0qkl&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pmET. Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Me too, I picked JD because BABA tends to cuck quite frequently. Chart is way more choppy, BUT for a shorter term trade I would go with BABA
....
I bought ATM but OTM might be make more. 241 is top... I see 234-235 ish EOD and back to 240 tomorrow
Firstly no one really knows this is all speculation but from what I've read people are expecting it to pop off after earnings either this one or the one in april
lol look at tsla...
I have 100 shares I got when it was at $12. And I've been buying various calls at different times as well. I wish I had gotten more from the start.

I'm probably going to buy some LEAPs soon as well to be honest.

$300 seems exaggerated though.
Thats you Chimpu
Sorry sir im on the crsr boat
Do you jump on the bed and get on all fours and look back?
U good
Gotcha
That is literally life
Thanks I'm a R tard
Nice
Pew pew pew I shot that alien with my lazr
Maybe sell (at least some) and then start selling csp's to get back in lower? There's gonna be some major volatility for this stock over the next month or so.
Schizo side institutions will have loaded up by then. Second UK starts vaccine rollout and they've already given Palantir the border contract. I think they'll give the overseeing of the vaccine rollout to them as well.
There are much worse things you can do than sell a very unprofitable company when its up almost 400% in a month.
Exactly! Each Tesla sold comes out to a million dollars of market cap. Flawless fundamentals.
yea same here lol that's why i wanted to warn you but looks like we're on the same boat
Pornhub Premium
Nflx
Netflix?
Nflx
Apple TV
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Amazon prime video
Hmm
No because they dont give a fuck because they are complying already and dont fake their numbers. They get audited by the same people that audit Tesla in Shanghai already
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5pdvf/nio_spokes_person_told_barrons_nio_was_aware_of/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5pdvf/nio_spokes_person_told_barrons_nio_was_aware_of/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Its called research, go on google and find it, theres plenty of articles bro. Wtf stop
Being lazy and shit talking when you cant even do research.
I personally dont have any shares just calls but Ive been in since around 19. Sometimes shares are the play tho dawg
Proud of you
nvm ban
TFF has a few users that break news before anywhere else I've seen.  It seems as though at least one has a Bloomberg and posts news in the chat.  A while ago I created a chrome plugin to monitor the chat and beep when certain users would post.  That way I could work and still catch the news.  I stopped overall, though, because it annoyed me.
Didnt know that, buying some JD calls then thanks
We diamond handing this shit?
Ive been buying the dip on these fuckers for 3 days now. Done.
Same same
I was one of those people for a couple years, now I see the light that is papa elon
There is no crash to TSLA. Arguably the largest EV manufacturer in the world, in a market that is about to become the norm in the next 20+ years with major economies behind the EV agenda. The CEO literally sent motherfkers to mars and has billion dollar wins in previous companies (e.g PYPL). TSLA is what you call a STUD. It might get shorted but it will always bounce back.
No. All theyve done is QE. That doesnt print money. The only thing that printed money was the fiscal stimulus.
Exp?
NO YOUR EINSTEIN
Those are the best pumps
Its up 65% year to date
Fine! Only because I like you
Lol dont fuck with weeklies dude
30 eow please Ill get someone here to jerk you off
Dammit hes right.
No no pay attention to news as that effects PM heavily and just following regular supports and resistances should work greatly
Jokes on you. I bought at 18$ go fuck yourself
You sound like a 
Lol uses a piece of paper from a shit tier college, paid for by your parents, as a comeback. Do better kid
On days I have to go in, I have the perfect escape from work to check stonks... We have a VPN set up and sometimes I have to troubleshoot it which requires me to be offsite using a different WiFi.  I just say it was acting up yesterday and go to the hotel lobby next door to use their WiFi.
No to both of your statements lol.
I'm just thinking cause it works with green energy, Biden administration will be good for it. Going off a hunch thinking might see 10ish near year end probs 8 but tbh too long to hold bag for so many other opportunities, if it gets to 6 I'm getting out as well
TLRY $8 covered calls hit last Friday, so I sold $8 puts monday. If it hits, I get the shares back. If not, juice that sweet sweet theta.
PLTR 70c 12/4
Just remember it is always fake and manipulated. Always take profits, never stay too long. Who cares if you miss out on more. You will never time it right bc you never have 99% of the info.
Yeah its lame AF, but Ive been burned a lot trying to hold infinitely haha, especially with super violatile options
Yeah
Mmmm, tasty. Thanks.
Oversold
Lol I wasnt holding at open and bought one of the dips :)
BA will be back to 300 by feb
Makes sense. I'm keeping mine until vaccine approval in US.
But do they like to nosedive into the ground?
People think that because gaybear shorts increased their positions, but so did the autist genius GME long holders. I've got my popcorn ready, but timing the top is impossible. GME diamond hand gang
Good job!! Did you close out your calls?
that's... pretty niche.

I mean, deck wood. I'll pass.
id wait a week but make it long term calls. until closer toward q4 almost ends
Like you day traded while flagged as PDT? Thus 90 day closing only? 

&#x200B;

If youre flagged as PDT you can still open positions.
ohhh damn. right... it was all over every social media feed so the algos noticed haha
I went longer. May 21 60c and 65c. If you are wanting to yolo on a gamble, calls for 46c expiring tom arent too expensive and earnings are after the bell today.
Yeah wish I did but I'm super overextended right now and pretty hesitant to pull the trigger. Got a fair amount of shares though
Yeah thats rough, those near the money calls have gotten crushed. Still a lot of big bullish bets being made by hedge funds
Yeah if it doesn't pass stock price will drop to $10 pretty quickly
why puts then? seems like positive long term news?
it will rise again.   i'm 200 shares Long.
I'm less bullish on them then I was 6-12 months ago but we'll see. My bull would be with the money they have, they should be able to fix their issues. If worst came to worse they could just copy AMD and pump out more sales for a lower profit margin.

However @ the end of the day I believe Intel has more downside than upside potential. Even if they succeed i believe $60 a share again could take a hot minute. Once/if they hit it, idk if they'll have consistent growth in terms of their stock price & that's being optimistic. They have very strong financials, but still their stock is able to slide 10% based of competitors edge alone. Now imagine they lose a contract here, a contract there and their financials start to take a blow.

TL;DR

extremely lucky to see $70 a share in the next 2 years. Potential of it cutting in half if financials dip. Better places to park your cash.
you've been warned.
you're welcome bro. please donate to me when I'm homeless thx
Years, but it is not a good look
ok yeah that makes sense then lol
it is, cause I am also old lol
gl on your next move
Caught in 4k
thatsthejoke.jpg
Zoom out on the chart
So why not now? Like what will change next year to make it drop?
Ya brother Im fuckin pumped.
>Then we get a surprise curveball on earnings.

To 14?
I've been trying to figure this market out all week, nothing we're seeing makes sense. If pre- and post- are where the action is it has to be retail investors, right? So why aren't the institutions and market makers acting? It feels bearish but we should see more cutting and running then wouldn't we?

Marker makers telling us to fuck off and keeping us our of the gumbo is the best answer I've got right now. Thank you!
Buy it back
What platform you on?
Yeah, shit sucks
CRSR is a hardware company who caters to gamers not a gaming company. They were already up over 100% in 3 months. What goes up that fast will sell off big.
Imo yes but markets arent logical
priced in until it isnt
Alright, Im just getting 50 shares for now
you are the enemy
You talking about Roman timekeeping?
lay it on me and I'll see if I like it. 69% sure I already know it when I see it
Me and my 12/14 369 calls hope youre correct my friend
Right on thanks
It means watch more anime. Death Note for starters.
I got 8c's yesterday, already up decently
Id also agree there. I bought at IPO so its been fun watching the panic.
Lmao you clown 
damn thats a tough one. almost ITM...
I dont even hold pltr you cucklord
Yes NEW ATH
Keep doing what you're doing then mate
i hope but mitch mcconnell doesnt particularly care about doing the right or even popular thing
Sure did
i'm pretty stoked on it because they have a visionary leader, an unconventional business model, and the work they do has the potential to revolutionize the way businesses and organizations are run
pump and dump
Of course, my mistake
Nobody is going to buy them out.
Aight
No rumor no buy. Plenty of shit stocks getting gobbled up by institutions/ make good management moves and never budge (NOVN) needs some juice
What's your short term view, my calls expire 12/18. Safest to sell off today after pump or could they run into tomorow and monday and worth the risk ?
I think those are good calls to be in with every bump of vaccine news
Up 7.5% brah
jfc hold them you paper hand pussy
This mf thinks the bill is a new development which NIO hasn't specifically addressed.
Why is BABA up then??
Because boomers idk? Normal fluctuation to me, it might dip a bit in the beginning but its getting bought back up immediately
it could drop down from paper hands, shit went up $10 in one trading day. its gonna dump a lil.
I guess well find out
It already is. Thats the point
Salty bitch. When?
Ok. Good for you.  Im moving on.
No reason why
Thanks for the chart :)
Top is not, but good on your plays
They don't seem to understand when everyone and their mom is buying something, it's usually time to take profit or you will most likely end up bag holding.

You gotta get ahead of trends, not chase them when everyone else is already in.  Oh well, their loss, our gain.
They been losing 10% a day for like a week straight
Maybe in 3 years if they dont comply, which they will with the new cuck in office
You guys have pretty shitty reading comprehension. Well I doubt you guys even read the article just the headline
I have shares
They have 3 years to comply, well talk then
It does not affect your DNA. It creates RNA response which is a normal body mechanism for fighting viruses. Its not CRISPR and gene sequencing that it will change DNA.
This is the way
Probably a lot more likely youre wrong. But ok!
Atleast you smart about it
Bless your retarded heart
You should google how to do maths
F on the MSFT, everyone wants their gf to get them the PS5. ive literally seen nothing on twitter about the XBox
They are both leage off legends teams.
Uh oh
Not bad at all. Im just banking on closing my CSPs around 40%
Yeah but the time was Monday, not now. Nothing is a good play if it's been a good play for a week (usually).
Stonks go down?
I dont know, my folio is at ATH
company announces some merger or stock buyback after hours. I mean its super low risk, but peace of mind for a dollar or two is not a bad trade off.
explain. You wouldnt close out a contract that youre short on for 0.02? gtfo
Explain
Oh lol I was up shitposting til 4am last night Im kinda retarded rn

It is priced in tho still
Is it green though?
Look up the Volkswagen short squeeze, they went up from around 200 pounds to 1000 pounds in October 2008. It happened pretty fast but there were indicators before hand
It's technically limited to one day because all options that matter are running out the same day. However the full-blown nuts rallye that happens on rare occasions is usually just a couple of minutes.
Man you spam inflammatory shit all the time, youre just a troll
Have 2000 at 16.7
Because its going to move. Not sure which direction
I'm in NY at least once a month my man and accents vary by borough. You thinking that it's an Italian accent sounds like you watch too many movies. Dude probably lives in Albany
No YOUS gotta go
I didn't realize there was a demand for that
seems realistic. maybe the FSR gang could "go long" on that one too
Shouldve gotten more time brah
nope. i'm letting these 12/31's run the month
!RemindMe 10 years "S&P 1000"

And my....phone!
https://imgur.com/c4S2pRG
And my very erect dick. Lesssgooooooo
Lamboland lmao

You holding to earnings/after earnings?
Probably when you're over +50%
phone difference sorry my mistake i have iphone 6 ios 12
Freaking dope.
What age did you marry at
Get out of your mom's basement.

A 40 yr old with his life halfway together can legit swipe right on women from 26-48 credibly.

One of my woman friends literally invited herself over to make dinner, brought drinks, and when I told her to excuse the place I'm going to get a maid service to clean up, told me to save my money and she and her sister can come by and clean up the place for free instead.

And I have 3 kids, pay a fuck ton of child support, and am still legally married.

Life's what you make it fam. Promise.
got em!
lemme get some of that
Oh come on man the bait was so obvious...

Which ticker?
Thought he was bullshitting, thank you! Ive also got 500 shares so I think Ill buy more if it dips down again
Call and order ahead. Drop off insulated bags for storage. Go set up shop in the ghetto with a free trendies, God bless sign.
You think China will comply with the new transparency requirements?
You better hope its legit lol. If they find fraud, like they already did with another company in the sector, NIO will be murdered in broad daylight

Ive been scouring the internet looking for anything but only found news of a different merger with a transportation company. Maybe something pops up today though. Either way theyre running out of time to make an acquisition
100 years is a long time. Also Enron went bust in 2001, Worldcom in 2002. Too even bigger scandals. In the next 80 we will probably see even craszier scandals.
Been telling yall to buy GMHI for a week
So how is your mom? She still doing good? I remember running into her in the xxx of blockbuster..she sure blockbusted this nut homie. Infact...you may be my son?
Now go ahead and get off deez nuts unlike your mom. K thx buh
Idk honestly. But ban bets are rarely held accountable anymore. Thats where Id come in. Tag or DM me enough and Id check it out. Or someone who is already a mod should take this role. We just scream MODS and hope one notices. We need an executioner
TX and FL are so fukked.
Im so big down right now holy shit
So you really expect airline stock to drop to 25%? Remind me! 3 months CHACHINGGGGG
Thank you.

I was clearly thinking of something different lamo
my ocd make a few bucks worth paying seeing a nice round 100
Planters Peanuts...nuts...nuts...
I'm very bullish on it, too. I'm just offering a thought I've prepared for if I see the price drop unexpectedly.
Not worried about the extra 20% IF it does hit $30. Used the funds to make 70% on some ZI puts earlier in the week, so the decision already paid off in a shorter period of time.
Not so weird when you think about how it was circulating from Oct or Nov until March and no one noticed or cared until the media freaked out about it and created a panic. We'll see if these politicians are willing to give up control.
Good for you dude!  I fucked myself this week.  Had GME weekly that I held on too long and only gained $1,200 instead of the $7k I was up for a minute.  Then fucked up TSLA calls.  So I went from $60k to $70k to $38k this week. 
no edit sir

you read it wrong :)
EOY?
We might see a pop today if the deadline is extended but it might take the DA to get the price to $25-$30
good luck my dude, it could go either way today
Yes indeed, its fuel to the flame (our riches)
That's true but tendies are tendies
So to the moon
This is pushing my limits of understanding, but yes. We are trading at almost care free levels right now.
That's latest from operation warp speed.  Seems reasonable estimation unless there are any unforeseeable hiccups.
Im playing sne right now but thats the only options I have rn. Looking for some play for next week tho
Here's hoping
But its provocative. Gets the people going
The weather will get worse on average throughout the whole world. But San Diego housing prices will continue to climb because we may get more high wind notices but we will be a far more desirable destination than your city. If you thought tornadoes and hurricanes were bad now just wait a couple years asshole. Have fun being disintegrated into the abyss.
Yeah true. I mean NIO will be unaffected by that bill so I expect to see it continue to go up and so far its doing good. PLTR on the other hand Im debating whether I should just hold my shares for 10 years or sell as soon as I make a small gain and just get out of more speculative stocks and start just doing a 3-fund portfolio
Yes, very much so.
If we break 30k again we will 
literay me
I'm pretty sure institutions all bought in at 18 or cheaper and never paperhanded anything since they were still profiting
Thanks for the write up. will be in this soon
Much appreciated bro!
Honestly I am only buying shares after seeing how manipulated this stock has been -  If I were to buy calls at this level, id do jan 2023.

I am waiting for RKT to drop below $19 before I buy any options. When it does I plan on buying June 2021 $20 calls.

If it drops below $18, then I will buy March 2021 $20 calls.

The lower the price, the more risky options i will buy.

EDIT: these won't be big buys on calls either, I have a shit ton of shares (9,500) I know it will be a winner long term but I don't know how long it will take, hence why I am only in equity.
The question is whether it corrects itself at some point or not.
Turn game pass into a digital/e commodity 

Argument over
So you bought close to the top, but I think if they formally pass the stimmy it could go higher. Plan an exit strategy since youve got less than 21 days till expiry. Youre at about 10% gain?
Lets play with PLTR legos hur durrr 
Ive been in the market 4 months. Give me a play then mr. GoldenDD. Id actually appreciate it other then icagy it hasnt gone to well still up overall tho
Yes you can sell it the next second if you want. My mommy always said the best way to learn is by doing, so put this in your ticket window:

TSLA 12/25 650C
Been buying shares, can't get options on my Euroshit broker. Feels pretty bad.
Yes. This was in response to the idea retailers with adhd have that much control.
Or the younger generation have found other platforms like Instagram and tiktok to spend their time and care less about YouTube. Your hypothesis will make sense if make-up sales were dropping. But this isn't the case, ULTA sales have grown consistently 20% YoY for several years now.
Most likely explaination.
me neither, honestly
Yeah. Same. Makes zero sense. I'll fucking take it though!
Fucked that someone so evil is the most skilled
Same. I have very big GDX SLV HL AG FSM SILJ bags Ive been adding to since Sept.
I do believe you mean Monday

E: Oh shit it's only Thursday I'm actually retarded
Clearly its the only logical possibility
Nice! I bought $230c lotto tickets and they're already up ... I'm betting that we may see a bull run up to $200 where I will sell hopefully
yea, should be ok if it keeps this up, right at resistance
Yeah because Tesla is worth $3000 pre-split when you do the math right, okay
Not sure. Should be before market close though.
Yep, you're right. The candlesticks look more accurate.
Hella ya Tuscan raiders mount up
Which would only help the economy...
Ya Im gonna take my profits if its still there by next week, only up 5-10%
I picked up another all this AM, so i'm liking what you're saying.
Shouldn't you be in the barn fucking sheep?
I dont know what you just said but I kinda like it
Oh hell naw lmao 
Na I sold coverd calls I already got paid :)
Its okay! me and the guys are going to the moon. Go and ask your mum if u can join us
$0.88
My quality of sleep is way better with shares. Payout has been about the same.
Still hasnt had the major airline run up like the US airlines. ICAGY owns a few of Europes biggest airlines.
Shhh dont tell anyone
Usually this stops the bleeding but we will see lol.
[deleted]
I like you. Thanks bud.
I'm prepping for the biggest bull run in history.

I'm also a cash account on Webull so I day trade it during dips
 on SPY.

Feels similar tbh. I don't pay much theta so there's that
Lucky. I wasn't around much back then for personal reasons but yeah that's a ten bagger for those who got in at $2
SPY
Yesssss please daddy
Dont lie to him like that
Lots of words so Ill trust you. But damn <1b revenue and 40b market cap. I guess its not as bad as SNOW.
Yeah I've been in for weeks and I'm not really sure how they make money.  Just in for that parabolic chart.  Good luck
I sell cardboard boxes so hit me up if u go broke
Do it we in this together
...no it didnt
I cant figure out whether to sell or not. I just took profits and got out 50%. More dilution coming, more deaths, vaccine approval should be priced in because uk approved. But Jesus its going to $30 isnt it?
Exactly
pizza hut
yea I agree, Im afraid it could dip more though, will wait today, dont want to buy the top
Nothing. They revoked my instant deposit because they couldn't clear 10$ on their end. And they say it takes 5 days for a ach payment to go through. That's a fucking lie. It takes 3 days for ach transfers. 1 for my bank to give up my money, 1 day to go through ach clearing and 1 day to settle with robinhood.
Well Im up $150k on NCLH this year so somehow I think itll be ok. It cant hold near $30 with no sailings
Haha I wanna close so bad rn
I guess Im a true retard
Should I buy shares and sell far OTM calls?
Yoouuuu bring dishonor to the family. I will lock you in crooset!
No way omg . Nowadays I just get my legs up ..
Once tho, i was standing up, the girl had her hands tied up in her back, she was on her knees and she licked me out that way with my balls on her face it was pretty wild
tesla wasn't profitable until Q4 2019
Like buying puts when that company went down 30% in a week? 

Tesla was unprofitable for 17 years, but Elon is a Prophet around here.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I thought they weren't following GAAP and their profits gunna drop as a result of switching?
That says Nio is claiming to be in compliance, not that it is in compliance. Compliance would be determined by the SEC/PCOAB.

" Investors might be surprised, given the stock decline, to hear NIO believes it is compliant. That appears to be the situation. NIOs spokeswoman responded to an emailed statement from *Barrons* saying NIO was aware of the situation and became compliant over the past few months. "

&#x200B;

As said before, CCP law blocks the PCOAB from confirming the audit. Which is required by law.

&#x200B;

From the PCOAB site :

" The PCAOB spent significant time and resources negotiating a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Chinese authorities for enforcement cooperation. Unfortunately, since signing the MOU in 2013, **Chinese cooperation has not been sufficient for the PCAOB to obtain timely access to relevant documents and testimony necessary to carry out our mission** consistent with the core principles identified above, nor have consultations undertaken through the MOU resulted in improvements. "

[Here](https://pcaobus.org/oversight/international/china-related-access-challenges)
Ugh yeah probably.
Every day is a lower dip. Pays to wait. Prime example of deflation.
Feel like I saw a chart that indicated newly printed money was a large proportion of what is currently circulating.
122C 12/4
Now that's the win/win scenario WSB is known for.
Ah gotcha, thanks
Not gonna lie. I dont know how to let go of this feeling of always being worried. Scared money lol.
Nope, you paid for it. My service to the greatest country on earth gave me a blank check to continue my education after kicking the shit out of the Taliban. Thank you for your tax dollars, retard. 

Does that still mean youre an idiot with a week-below average IQ or have you changed that definition too?
I work security Ima just SHIT and check and sell
COVID was never a thing, see for example it circulating Oct-Mar in the west with no one noticing until the media created a panic, and Japan not testing, ignoring COVID and having no problems. 50+% of Tokyo was poz and recovered and now has antibodies. It's a fraudvirus and now there are multiple vax, sorry pal we are opening up.
this is also v true
>:)

:)
No that's a myth. Anyway, they made it idiot proof now.
Copy that. Whats a conservative share price estimate?
Yeah I closed them pretty low unfortunately because I woke up 2 minutes after market open but I still made hella! Wbu. Also just bough 4 contracts put
Yup
Me too Ive had faith in em. Got shares at $2.94
Nice. Whats ur average price?
Agree to disagree. Ive seen this story b4. Its too cheap at an Enterprise to EBITDA value of only 5x. Forward PE of only 9. Big buyback program should place a floor on the stock. Doubt it falls below 40. Plus they have been been beating estimates. The stock has been falling since they dont seem to be an innovator any longer but I think its a short term issue. Only time will tell.
Glad I held. Thanks federal reserve. Now about my stimulus check...
Eh, seemed goofy
2021 is a new tax year
Probally 24 or higher imo followed by smart shorts covering/exiting. Why pay debt early unless you know you'll have a positive earnings. I say we hit +.03 eps or higher. -.80 was setting the bar low. I know tons of people who went and got used games to save a few bucks and kill some quarantine time. Honestly though who knows what will happen. The hardest shorts are dug in there like a ton of ticks.
Lol I know but fuck this is crazy
Plz senpai I need this to shit the bead 
Youre a smart man Im a greedy bastard
I probably am for betting against the market. But Im the one losing money so its all good.
And now Im negative hahah
My new best friend
Sounds like zapier. It's not revolutionary tbh. I integrated 100% of my company's data using zapier. Why is palantir so much better?
doesnt matter, rumors print tendies
Maybe I'm about to kiss this 10k goodbye. GL me
Im looking to sell at the top today and reload eod or tomorrow
ahh yes, and it will surely only continue to go up, my mistake, enjoy your winnings you big dick motherfucker
Gotta be a pussy when playin with the only 1000$ i have to my name
Baba is most likely fine with GAAP reporting, idk if they do it already. Its a massive, well known company with a history in the market. NIO was a penny stock until China government saved it. A competitor was reported for fraud, doesnt make the sector look good. We dont know the effect GAAP would have on NIO. Basically, uncertainty
!remindme 9 hours Nio dip will be bought
Those days of $10 gains in a single day are over
Oh you poor poor soul. Its going to stay a penny stock brother.
It will reach weekly demand. Good luck. https://ibb.co/M8YgBpW
So many taxable events that I need to get out and reset. Feeling like my shares are bags even though up a ton on so many.  God speed.
Keep riding XOM to 56$, where it was before june crash. Thats coming my friend
True. Maybe you get your money back. Godspeed
Remember market is forward looking. 
PS: I don't have any positions.
Whats reading?
Then you are much wiser. Don't listen to me or anyone on this sub.
Lol. There's nobody in the world who thinks Tesla makes sense at that market cap. 

Maybe Cathie Ark who thought ZM at 560 was a total steal
Yeah calling the top is for retards or at least inexperienced bears.

There's typically plenty of intraday downside
True. I made money on my calls so Im just eager to make another play
Lost the original thread. I thought he said it was a  CC that was expiring and OTM. If thats the case you dont do anything. You keep your shares and the call premium. If you close it than you have to pay the cost to close plus a commission (at my broker) reducing your gain-premium. Dont give money away no matter how small.
Haha we're all retarded all the time. Agree though that red govt=tendies
Thanks! Didn't know about this, will read up on it.
I see, so its important to set an appropriate stop limit order to prevent missing out on those gains. Thanks!
Or youre around too many boomer white folks. The young dont talk anywhere close to that. Brooklyn born and raised btw and i dont sound anything like the ny accent.
Go to staten island its a safe space for yall
Yeah. Maybe I can buy further out with my profits from todays pump
I'm in it for the long haul value play & dont expect the spike till after earnings. It absolutely was a dying brick & mortar company -which is why it's so heavily shorted- but Cohen is pushing for their much needed digital pivot. Cutting many stores to save money & refreshing their product portfolio with gaming-minded TV's, but there's still value in the visibility & accessibility that comes with a physical location. If earnings are bad, Cohen might force a hostile takeover -which would make me incredibly bullish- & if earnings are good, then it's proof they aren't dying & all the shorts can go get fucked. 
no they are blue, im in desktop chrome and they're fucking blue
This guy gets it.
32. Lasted ~3.5ish years. Been separated for 2.5.

Just been too broke to start the process until this summer.

In her defense, I did it because she got knocked up on the goodbye fuck and I didn't want to be a weekend warrior (which I ended up anyway, so there's that). We always had passion but have also been diametrically incompatible.

Finally getting to a space where we can be amicable and I feel good about our prospects as co-parents and friends vs us being married.

And as an added bonus: if it wasn't for her I would never have met my lawyer who literally checks every box.

In the end: to the Boomer channeling autist's point, there's something to be said for being able and willing to commit to the person in front of you and not worrying about the proverbial greener grass. So always be open to it, but there's absolutely nothing wrong with being a serial monogamist or even polyamorist. Because the counter logic to StIcKiNg It OuT is that there are more options and distractions than ever, which inhibit (if not straight up prohibit) *the success of* traditional relationships and the idea of the nuclear family.

End rant

Edit: added italics
Haha man with some of the shit people say on here Ive stopped assuming anything is a troll.
Nio
tendies? or is trendie slang for hamburger that i don't know?
The CCP doesnt have to enforce any demands we make, but the individual companies will comply if they want to keep US investors, supposedly NIO has been cooperating for transparency.
Have you not done any DD on this company? They have several clubhouses bigger than our fucking malls lmfao. China loves them and the CCP isnt going to let them fail. Ive been in this game a long time and many of my colleagues agree on this company. Why are they getting such high price targets from stingy analysts? Do your homework man Im not trying to argue with you about something so easy to see.
NIO already took steps to be compliant with the proposed US auditing standards months ago.
Arent they voting on extending their deadline and today is the day shareholders vote? If its extended, most likely bullish for the rumour with Microvast. In which case 
I hope so
I was in at 14.50 1k stonks. Thanks bruh
What strike you have?
Just isnt the smart play yet. Bigger money to be made.
Whats DA sorry?
According to graphs, fundamentals, and TA, yes. It has to go up. According to markets, we will drill to earths core or at least back to IPO prices.
Im still up. I need this to go up a little to cover Corsair fucking me at least.
San Diego smells like shit and is definitely not nicer than where I live or than a lot of cities to be honest. Have fun living in denial paying too much to live in a trash ass city that literally smells like shit.
I'd say it depends on your age, if you're young you can still take more risk because you'll have more time to work it off if it goes wrong. If you have responsibilities or a family to take care off I'd say take it easy with the risk. 

I think PLTR is a good long-term hold, but I'm extremely biased. They're ahead of their competition and seeing big players and institutions continue to load up on this (probably self-made) dip has given me a lot of confirmation (bias). Morgan Stanley set the PT at $17, but they own 3.4 million shares themselves lol. 

I think in the case of shares you can literally hold them forever, at most you'll lose gains you could have made somewhere else, but then it'll be the question if you would've played those other waves correctly. The stock market will always be a gamble short term, but if you invest long term in companies you believe in you'll be fine.
you think no big boys bought more on that massive dip? alright
Any proof or just speculation at this point?
%15 as of now. I mean i am not looking to hold it anyways, not looking at lots of gains too. As long as i get like %25 until couple days im good.   i should also mention i got marked as day trader  because my first calls for BB, when i saw that %130 i had to sell them
I mean if you want real advice stay away from here unless youre looking to gamble. Buy and hold on companies you use and have faith in. Stay away from options. Dont make decisions out of fear and dont be afraid to go against the grain if you have reasoning behind why that may be. Anyone telling you with certainty what a stock will do is lying. I come here mostly to find what to short, people here want to get rich fast and its not sustainable.
Ah gotcha.. missed that, youre right.
Me too! I'm balls deep in shares and feb 270c.
nice! I'm completely unfamiliar with zs, so I just wanted to throw some play money at it since this week has been boring/shitty. not bad for a stock I don't know dick about.
Same shit nonstop
aight. dont wanna get iv crushed when the vote happens
Once the selling happens its hard to slow down. Itll be a quick but big drop nd then everyone will pile back in.
Aww...somebody's a widdle angwy his wobinhood went 
Last time this happened was September, and someone told me they would sell me all the tech puts I wanted. Unfortunately, I mistimed by two days and sold them...
Thx
Facts. I was brand new and extra dumb back then, so I lost out on some money by prematurely selling and buying back in later, but netted a good profit off of them. But sheesh if I knew what I know now I would have made a truckload of money off tandem
There were multiple instances of 2, 3 red days in a row in Sept and Oct.
Thank Chinese Elon
yeah, P/S ratio is about 40 for CRWD, which is just about the same as its peers (ZS, NET, FSLY, TWLO), SNOW is on another level with 190 P/S.
Done  let's get RICHHHHH 
Hope not, or I'm gonna have to cover even more. :) I do expect a correction, but you never know, it might happen right after dec18...
I DMd u
absolutely, i always time shorting the bottom. I'm glad i was able to recognize so quickly my position was about to get destroyed
BIG time
Howling to the moon lol
Discovery+? Its in the news
[deleted]
Only other thing is boeing
FSLY?
This is pretty fucking bad.
Your fault. You bought weeklies.
Exactly what chillinglat said. Sup/res and oversold or over bought conditions.

Quick in and faster out while enjoying the coffee before work.

Work for me
Oh so youre a loser that went into the army right after high school because you had nothing better going for you, got it. Thanks for clearing that up! 

There have always been trans people, the movement is to embrace them you mongoloid.
I can do that for most accounts, but one of my accounts is a self-directed IRA and they are not very sophisticated with mobile apps...  so Its just easier to use my laptop.
Chill bro. We get it you love daddy T. A little overblown yes, fraudvirus? Take a trip to El Paso they got refrigerated 18 wheelers stacked full of dead bodys. Had to call in national guard because paying $30 an hour for people to pick up dead bodies wasnt enough to collect them all. Its far past any hoax or fraud created to spite your leader. Its a health pandemic and needs to be addressed.
You got this!
I'd be pulling numbers out of my ass if I took a guess. The squeeze might play out over weeks, days or minutes, so set some absurdly high limit order with +1000% gains to try to catch the spike when it does happen. The higher shareholder's selling point, the more money they make so it's in their interest to hold into the hundreds rather than sell as soon as it hits 50 like some bottom feeders will do. Buy on the way back down from a ten bagger spike rather than on the climb to it.

Obligatory GME APHA QS ACLS to the moon
That's great, I have a few CRM, BA calls and theta gang
ah rip. Time to xfer brokers. I did the same thing last week. Would rather keep my money and take the restriction than lose cash just to trade later. F that
Damn I wish I had. I did hold $10 leaps through the whole crash though. Wish I still had those 
$38 even
you're welcome
Now Im confused.
Well these next three months are going to be turbulent as fuck so be greedy with other peoples greed.
Good luck young buck
Standby for Drill Team 6 rescue operation
this is a good analogy

how large is your company and is all of your data neatly organized into cloud services?

consider a hospital: could you integrate all the data of a hospital to find ways to run it more effectively, using zapier?

this is the kind of thing palantir could do, and they don't just stitch together some online services

they send engineers into the organization to embed and learn its processes, then those engineers write the glue to integrate their product with the organization's data -- could be legacy databases, anything you can imagine

when they've finally left the customers end up never leaving, the lock-in rate they have is unreal

btw it's revolutionary because it will  eliminate an entire swath of development work from the tech landscape: in-house development, which is known to be pretty costly and inefficient, is what they prey upon
Crashed from these levels two previous times but hey third times the charm! Godspeed.
Thankyou. Up 10% now mang.
throw that shit in an index fund then.  If youre going to gamble with everything you got to your name at least have some conviction Im your plays.
I will be messaging you in 9 hours on [**2020-12-03 20:24:28 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-03%2020:24:28%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/k5vaj4/daily_discussion_thread_for_december_03_2020/geh6cwi/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fk5vaj4%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_december_03_2020%2Fgeh6cwi%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-03%2020%3A24%3A28%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20k5vaj4)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
bro that was yesterday.
The 10% its up at open doesnt matter if its a penny stock or blue chip. Im still up 10% on it.
Same i just feel if covid wasn't here were would we be at this year. Covid over and a stimlus. Plus dec always a big month
It will go beyond that.  June was a head fake from relax of lockdown but pandemic problem was never actually solved.  But now with vaccines on the way, life getting back to normal.  Oil demand will normalize so energy stocks have a long way to go.  For XOM, I got Jan21 40C, Jan22 60C, and a little Jan22 95C for the small chance Iran and Israel go at it.
Thats all I want. Then Im selling.
I agree but when a lot of these Chinese stocks are meme stocks I dont think anyone really gives a fuck about 3 years down the road hahaha
Yes and the computer scanner market is great, disposable film is blasting off, VHS rewinders are big business. Nothing changes youre right. The way the world currently is it makes no sense, should make sense soon.
While the risk is very very low. Some big events can happen after hours, such as a merger/aquisition announcement. 1 or 2 dollars + 65cents commission (if TDA) is worth the piece of mind. If youre selling CC's for 10 dollars a contract it was never worth in the first place lol
You think that but I guarantee that if you travel to Boston they will be able to pick out in a second you're from the NY area.
Yonkers
Hell yeah! Thanks for the input
Interesting, thanks for the perspective
All good my dude

My cost basis per share is $55, elon treats me well
Cheers, although Im not sure theyd tell us if it were otherwise
LOL. I agree with you captain peanut brain. Im just saying, if these numbers are fudged and it is found out, NIO will eat mega shit, regardless of how great they are
Ok and they still dont follow GAAP so...
I hope. Yeah God speed
Now that I think about it, theyre probably having second thoughts on microvast due to the bill to delist Chinese stocks
Definitive agreement. All good brother. May the THICC Bae Bring us tendies
You and me both sir. Corsair absolutely raw dogging me. Got into  at $10.45 so Im sitting pretty but fuck I need this to pop off today. After doing some digging, it could be late afternoon by the time we hear an official press release
I am young, just turned 21 and still in college. I completely agree with you I think holding long term is hard to go wrong with companies with great potential and considering their gov contracts I have a good feeling about them so I think Ill hold. The only reason I wanted to pull out like you said was to have more money for other trades cuz as I said Im in college so my bank account a little 
Oh woops I misread your previous comment, yes you're probably correct
Ryan Cohen hostile CEO takeover incoming
Haha ah shit. So how many days you gotta wait? Just one? Or
Up 20 percent on it good thing you cant short RYCEY
Haha. I've been  a couple of 275 12/11 calls just waiting... Hopefully we turn around quickly (for my sake at least)
Cloud security - they own hundreds of data centers so that businesses can securely access their internal apps w airtight security
Looks like its not FAANGs day, they're all flat
If it makes you feel better DIX was extremely low yesterday. Sell off is imminent soon.
But all things considered it has to have been a great time for put sellers since March.
Hell yess lets change modern medicine 
Man the reports gonna be brutal. Sorry about your calls friend. Hope you have a hedge. Gl
you the real mvp my man!
[deleted]
[deleted]
It wasnt my fault theta gang made me do it
Cool thanks
It's a bad flu season that's been pumped into the stratosphere by a hysterical press and drunk with power pols.
thanks dude I actually appreciate it. Many blessings to you and your tendies today and always. All the best.
Exactly.  Its a fake rule anyway so just cut and run.
Right now its sitting pretty low, I think this one is gonna keep going up steadily for a while
Thats nice.
Sorry been up all night waiting to sell my pooots tired AF
Definitely sounds good, but once again isnt that just using API's to integrate old softwares? I guess getting the old software's to output info the way you want could be tough. Zapier wouldnt be able to do that. But tbh why is that so unique? I'm not saying the business model is bad, it's definitely good, but I still cant see why it is so so special. It doesnt feel like a revolutionary process. It doesnt feel like it will change the business landscape forever. It does however sound like its gunna help overhaul old glitchy systems and bring them into this generation. But why cant someone else do the same thing? Why is pltr the only one who can do this?
Im not right 100% of the time, but theyre are a lot of autists in here pumping it and dont even know what the company does. Shouldve made an options play and cashed out. If you hold that stock I still believe youll lose on it or stay stagnant.
Honestly, the Georgia senate elections scare me.  Started selling last Friday and shit snowballed into all cash everything today because Im one of those idiots. So the top is literally in for me hahaha

That being said, Ill probably FOMO back in when we pass 400 in January.
That 95C LOL i love it. I might do that lmao ur right hahaha
That might be very well possible. :) Godspeed to you sir.
There's really no history that supports fundamentals not mattering in the long term. Peep the weekly charts for markets 1999-2000 and compare them to now. The Buffett indicator is actually higher than it was then
i think your neuralink is set too high, imo
After hours news release that moves a stock on a Friday? Before the open on Monday maybe. But than the option is toast since they technically expire on Saturday.
Yeah long island works too 
Np autist. Like Jay-Z said, "--no, Hov did that, so hopefully you won't have to go through that."

Feel free to HMU anytime you want to pontificate or pick my brain.
No way!! How long are you
And they have 3 years to do so
Thats a fair concern. But Im going to hold today and see what happens.
Gotcha and yes sir, it shall bring it in thick and fast. May the power of the  be with you
Im GMT. Fuckkkk man
Yes, same, only 23, but I've been doing this for a few years and I study Finance so that helps a little with reading the statements and stuff. I unironically learned the most from browsing around here and looking at videos on youtube though. 

Best tip I can give you is, especially when you're holding shares, to not get spooked by the junkies on this sub. 90% of these people trade weeklies or monthlies and a -10-15% day will result in their account blowing up. Shares are timeless, even in the case of China stocks. If you're US-based you can even sell covered calls on your shares to hedge against drops.
fuck it. I'll throw some change on it.
Oh brother. Market just opened. Give it time. Looks like a pump to me... that 20% isnt yours until its in your bank account.
Yeah you got it man, they ran out of bullshit now. Everyone with paperhands has well and truly been shaken out.

Good thing about being a boomer stock is there is always demand, just need to wait a little bit and value seekers will deliver our tendies.
WOW THAT'S A SMART DECISION
Ye, well the stonks themselves are the hedge. My NCLH 25 calls are covered as are my CCL 25 and RCL 85. But I still have NCLH 27,5 and 30 plus some RCL 95's all for dec18. I'm a little worried if I cover now I'll be bag holding these when the correction happens and they aren't called away.
HBO MAX
It involves Tik tok doesnt it

Ok well we should probably address the bad flu dont ya think?
Going to think about getting some good leaps
yep i'm down a bit but zero panic.  i can always write CC if need be.
Oh I see. Cant say Im very energized as well.
In the example I gave of a hospital they aren't, but there is a substantial moat around their government contracts. They have connections that other companies just don't have, and trust. Other companies that are knee deep in data (like Google) do not have the same kind of relationships that Palantir has with the government, so that's one part of the moat. The new director of national intelligence worked for Palantir... that should tell you they'll have a monopoly on anything like this -- none of the competitors in the gov space have even compare to them.

What they've got going over other government contractors? they have legit talented engineers, which is unfortunately hard to come by in that space!

For new private sector business? I think the talent can play into it too. It's speculative, but I'm willing to bet.

You could've said the same thing about facebook you know... what did they do that myspace and friendster didn't?? It's network effects.
They dont offer options and I am pretty sure most people know what Rolls Royce does.
Factor in a falling dollar and very few other safe places to put your money. Does that apply to 1999-2000 as well?
I will die with these
The point is flying over your head. No use in debating anymore
You and me both ahahah
Hey nice I study finance as well and am finally getting into actual classes I can apply, next semester Im taking 3, a principled of investments, elements and derivative securities analysis and financial mgmt so hopefully by summer Ill know what Im doing but yeah I feel like I learn more browsing through the internet too lmao
Its going to be a bumpy ride so not a trade for the faint of heart 

And for the love of everything buy shares not calls.  Timing this thing with calls will be damn near impossible
Sell the straight lines buy the dip. Long as it stays above 1.80 we are wet today
Wait until dec 9 young padawan. Patience you must have
Im wrong more often than not which is why Ive lost a lot of money being overly cautious, so my bias is now in favor of stonks ignoring gravity. I think nclh is going up. But again, were not making decisions based on data here, its algos and pros trying to screw us, its magical chairs from hell. I just dont know. I got half out on 3% up now its 5%, feeling the pain. Feels like no matter what we do its gonna hurt. The markets not made for the faint of heart or light sleepers.
I pulled the rest out at 4% and Im dying....8% .
[deleted]
They have developed therapeutics and multiple vax just dropped, it's been addressed. Let's stop being such pussies about this and re-open while some small biz still exist and get on with our fucking lives. Our ancestors didn't curl into a ball and cuck during the 1918 Pandemic which was actually dangerous, this is just pathetic.
Not panicking either, but the drop was quite disheartening. Luckiy is seems fine now.
Ah you use RH? Lol. Well theyre going to continue to lose contracts in the air and see. Its why its been getting beat for 2 years. Corona exasperated their problems. Dont see recovery for 5 years if ever.
There's a reason I'm keeping an incredibly close eye on the strength of the dollar as well as treasury yields.

Momentum is weak, insider selling is high, and most experienced fund managers realize what's happening right now.
Yeah, the study helps a lot with the basic understanding, if you want to know things in-depth you'll have to do a lot of self study though, although it depends on the school as well. 

Anyway, good luck man!
I been riding tourism n travel this whole time during covid. I'm not getting off that ride til I got back to ATH. you know how nutty it is to own cruises when they say tourism is dead?
Alright Ill check in on you at eod and see how youre doing. Wait until the autists find out its a holdings company and not the luxury brand they think it is.
Ha. I'll hold CRISPR forever. It's my favorite, along with some clean energy.
YouTube
Yes thats a great plan to go with from the beginning. Instead we went half and half and now the economy is fucked and people are still dying. Go tell the people in the refrigerator 18 wheelers to stop being pussies.
we good bruh
Im not saying its a long term hold but this guy wants 50% and only stocks like this are that volatile.
Good then you wont  your gme shares until takeoff happens if you choose to join on this insane ride
Just sold at plus 8 after buying back after the 11 percent jump. I respect you because youre a bear and i am at heart with this market as well. Hope you did as good as me today my guy
Thank you my dude. Reassuring 
112%, its not going up 50% no way it makes that recovery off were switching to smaller aircraft and retards pumping it. Theyre losing contracts left and right.
Lmao thinking a stock isnt going up doesnt make you a bear. Im not retarded so I play both sides.
Ive made 12k today how about you?
Well no shit my guy... if you look at any index you can see being a permabear is retarded. But the reason id rather play with euro stocks is because i think the u.s economy shouldnt be at ATH with the multitude of red flags goin off.
Made 1k from the deal over 2 days with not all my buying power on the line. But thats pretty fat for me. Asked you for your rich bear DD but you keep that shit lock and key. Congrats on that 12 you boomer fuck
Im just not one to spout tickers. Rather give general advice. I know what I can afford to risk and lose, I dont know what you can. It makes our plays vastly different.
