NIO is the motherfucker from the Matrix right?
False it’s an ADR
[deleted]
[deleted]
Narrator:

*Turns out it was meth*
Hahahahahahahahahaha I just saw that.  Our elected officials are all out of their mind. Why do we let psychopaths “lead” us? lol
Pump that shit up. 2 years of data, go 300 data points (if you are adding them manually, just add however many you can, try for 100), if it's over .8 that's still a halfway decent correlation, technically not statistically significant in most fields, but it is enough to show at least a light correlation.
I only fairly recently started following him on twitter. It's honestly pretty concerning watching him slip in real time.
> It goes where it very well damn pleases.

That part.
Mia Khalifa?
War with Gyna Mango mic drop
On the next WSBJokers episode;

Hey Donnie go to war with China
Makes sense. My dishwasher just ate shit. We do 2 loads a day at minimum now never did before
Hey I got a single TSLA call 420$ that expires on 12/18 too, but I've been down 4000$ since i bought it like in oct at 440 or something, then muskinator went and got covid, mega yikes.

Hope your calls prints since I have AMD too, but deep ITM for april
Lol this guy
Nio only trades on nasdaq
🥭 called the top Friday. You should have known then that funds not safu.
Puts on DIX
Adrian!!! ADRIAN!!!!! ADRIAN!!!! 🥊
Anyone watching IWM minute candles and jacking off? Nah me either
I can’t wait for Elon to get neuralink up and running so I can get hearing in my left ear again
So still empty and numb rodger
Yes you did! In your Fucken Dream
I LOST THE ELECTION!
Attention everybody: Chicago is not locked down. “Indoor bars” are, ffs, and nobody gives a shit here
Shrek save some for tomorrow night bb
[deleted]
Up
[https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1328200072987893762](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1328200072987893762)
Didn’t yahoo have a bug where they didn’t cover Yen to USD and instead this projects $40 top side?
It'll get to at least $28 eventually. What it does until then, I don't know.
Lots of states are putting semi lockdown/closure notices. Schools, non essential businesses, stay at home...
[deleted]
Bullish on TWTR over the next five minutes while y'all checkin tweets
Solid DD
Yeah but they're gonna blow it on useless shit like shoes and groceries. It's better for the economy if the stimulus gets invested into durable goods with appreciation potential, like yachts and Lambos.
On OP’s imaginary market, Target just now went bankrupt.  As trading is 24/7, in the land of never ending retardation.
https://open.spotify.com/track/3oZUlZMXkj51AyYG8lGaE7?
When’s the next crash - correction - any thoughts ? Let’s start a pool ... 😂💪
[deleted]
[deleted]
He does know he doesn't own Mars right?
It is the new peloton.
Rage against the Monday green
😂😂😂
BOUND 2020
mans not hot
Calls on DDOG and NLS gonna print bigly
I'm calling the police bro
Buy shares brah
I WON THE ELECTION!
Yes
[deleted]
The stock will for sure climb after the games release. Id go all.in of they offered options.
NOOOOO Donnie just tweeted!!!!!
Imagine not realizing vaccine is already priced in
Cayenne diesel in the winter - its super.
Covid is one of the biggest flyers on the planet. Calls on airlines
Trump is going to torpedo ur chinese stocks as a final farewell
Lmao same
Did you guys see Mango Man's latest tweet? Turns out he won the election.
I stopped losing money...
Do i buy puts tmrw?
counting on it. 
11/20 25c's
[deleted]
See you again
Oh man. Working at a bank and seeing old people get $1,600 social security checks every month for simply existing. Then hate on UBI...hits me right in the feels.
[deleted]
[deleted]
And hate the weekends... ironic af
He ~~probably~~ deserved it.
Pubic huh? Sounds scandalous.
Kanye?
"If money is the key to all peoples happiness and will solve everything and everyone's doing things for money...lets just make more money" 

-New Fed Chairman Kanye West.
A modern day Valkarie
Seriously
Positions.
Smells like depression in here
What happened why
🥴
[deleted]
Same bro. And I hate the weekends now lol
Yeah I bought it off an Albanian on Craigslist. 220k miles runs OK
Holy shit
It is I who won the election you fools
Me too but i only got a week, god bless ya
Ok cool. 

Hook 'em 🤘
This has been asked ad naseum.
Will RKT ever go up?
Who’s gna invest into that new Moon etf?
Re-ban.
Did it just hit the starfish or actually go inside you?
Netflix calls? What a fucking knob
The only thing with the airlines is the pumps don't tend to hold or last, the question is does the vaccine news maintain this pump??  Honestly if I'm up $$ ON any dia calls I've been selling for quick profit
HUGE -.5% RED CANDLE.





Jk PLTR 20 at open
[deleted]
I have been pussying out for a week now. Haven't touched nio since the 6th I am so confused.
I agree with Mango. Only the fake stream brokerages say that my puts are worthless. I know in my heart they are priceless. I won't concede
Lockdowns coming. You know what that means?

Load up on cruises and airlines. People will now be well rested to go on vacation post lockdown. 

#marketlogic
Not me I got a margin call to close out lmfao
Yeah and all of them have made more money than you by going long on apple
Anyone know if NIO trades on HK or just Shanghai? Didn’t see the symbol on HK and not sure I have access to Shanghai quotes
break upward of fall downward... should find out within the next 10 mins.
I won the election! Kneel, plebs
NFLX is dying, look at chart
Yeah no shit dude
Mango is losing his mind
You mfs remind me of a good book: everybody will read you but nobody will look at the words
already past 12k
Overall pros/cons? I'm contemplating leasing a 2021 or buying one cash- it sounds like yours has held up well?
Remember when they had Butterfinger as an option? Them's were the days.
you mess with the bull you get the horns
Pltr calls, next week!
Riding boys?
for what? losing so my money?
Yeah what happened
[deleted]
Oh jesus you're going to regret this...
whats up?
[deleted]
Anyone want to form a SPAC? We can take WSB pubic
Hahaha cuz the market is looking up already? On Sunday night? How can we tell the weeks outcome already?
This is the signal for me to inverse wsb
they do a pretty good job themselves. just listen to one of them talk for 5 minutes and u will wonder how an apple could fall so far from the tree
Only just watched The Matrix?
Post positions or ban
Yeah I’m hoping aviation bounces back soon. Vaccines should roll out and I’m betting next summer people will be going on vacation. Been noticing some influencers are already running around the beaches in tulum.
How much is it up? I was gonna buy calls on Friday 🙁
Why what happened
$HOG it is
Woah man hows it feel?
I'm going to test drive a few when my X3 M lease is up. Do you own one? I'm trying to figure out some pros/cons from owners
What do we think ZM will do tomorrow?
lmao
Lol yes it’s based in Shanghai
Im not hating it so far but my standards arent high for AHS
What the hell why so specific.  😳 anyways relax im just trying to learn. From what I have learned in the 1hour  I've been searching and watching videos and from here. The most ill lose from buying puts is the amount I invest. So if I do a put option of 200 that's all ill lose. Or thats what investopedia said. Im super cheap so I don't see myself doing options unless there is a limit to my loss. So if a contract will only cost me 200 eh I can deal with that. I make 300 a week on regular trade so I ain't fussing. At least thats what investopedia said about put options
What kinda progress are you looking at?
Technically making a few dollars is making money!
Sure, increased iv helps obviously. Depending on your strike and expiration less so if it's otm and a day from expiring
SPCE FOMO this week is going to be LIT
Calls on FUPA
Congrats BABA call holders
Found the libtard
Dick?
Nice, like the risk/reward
🥑🥑🥑
2 weeks of stabilization, after the massive selloff, during SEC, DOJ, and NY county investigations, 2 weeks before the lockup ends, is exactly what I want for my pension.
It’s in your brokers interest to remove PDT as much as possible. Because you degens will just lose your money faster.
I know, I was just waiting for it to dip back down. I'll be back in tomorrow.
Posts like this make me nervous I have calls I bought on Friday
I fell on the F sword when they went gestapo.
Thoughts on FUTU?
Wow verry cool did you write this?
what's happening? what exchange are you in?
[deleted]
When you do that in a porta potty they call it *the kiss of death* - so puts
thats a bad omen to read that on WSB, always has been
[deleted]
awesome. Suppose marketing then gets their web tech team to make the changes. Thanks.
Lol, the dollar is worth less.. which means you have to pay more for the same.. thus his numbers. Also, partially why stock prices go up
You joke but I wouldn't be surprised.
Epic
Tomorrow we ride boys
Buy AVO
It’s a sign you need to clean your wallet out more often
same, its like money coming out of every possible hole
😂😂😂
its a chinese company, earnings will be inflated and it will rise due to FOMO
He forgot to mention the part where on each “diversification” you invest in, you exponentially lose capital efficiency.
Being investigated for breaking fiduciary duty. Someone told me this is common for spacs though, can anyone confirm?

400 shares, didn't realize options came out but will probably buy calls
Mars Aeternum
'make money from stocks'

If you're gonna lie to get pussy you can do better than that
35 days lmao what did you do
I think ull be good with Feb as long as they're not too far out the money, baba is oversold at this point and hopefully with positive ant news it'll rebound
[deleted]
Damn son. 35 days? That's older than some of these new users
Oh thank you for that info. gotcha so they’re open to buying templates basically. That’s pretty much what I wanted to find out.
[removed]
Stop buying Government Motors products
Lol 35
When Boomers and Gen Xers call Millennials entitled snowflakes I want to start punching dicks. Bitch, you grew up at a time when you could afford a house, car, and feed a family of four working as a cashier. Our jobs are getting automated to cut costs for your fucking 401k meanwhile you're sitting around bitching about big government while cashing your social security checks. Get fucked.
IDGAF tryna make some money for me and you
Yup that's a man holding puts right there
Taking a shit, and one of the turds caused the water to splash up and kiss my butthole, which felt good. Do I buy puts now?
I love Monday’s now after learning about the stock market.
Consistency is key
Puts on planet earth. Obese people taking over. Humans are a disease that overtake every environment by using up all the resources for their own personal self greed. Kinda fucked.
Agree
Best I can do is $2, I gotta frame it, it’ll sit in the shop and take a while to sell
Zoomer generation is so fucked. We fucked them so badly...lmao.. 😔😭
it went up 1% lol not too late
If you hate money!
[deleted]
🥴🥴🥴🥴
[deleted]
This is like half life series. I get it'll be popular amongst the die hard/dedicated gamers, but this is nowhere near call of duty levels of popularity...

I smell a pump and dump scheme.
$ROPE. they cant kill you if you beat them to the punch
You read too much propaganda, ANT IPO was cancelled because what ant is doing with loans is similar to subprime mortgage that happened in the states, which caused 2008. You are a fucking doofus
That was one hell of a long ban.
[removed]
TURN people into zombies?
Nice. How many contracts and how much profit are you expecting?
Too long
Economy is already in a recession
SPCE
The interplanetary revolutionary war
Ppl who are buying calls on nio at $53 are deluded, no way it can justify the valuation for the cars they produce. But again I don't want to be retard buying puts, calls it is.
I was going to get in at EOD Friday but it kept going up :(
You retards are the salt of the earth God Speed
God you sound like a car salesman
Way too fragile right now for SPY to test resistance levels in futes. Could be Newton in the driver’s seat tomorrow.
[deleted]
Go get a tub of cookies and cream instead bro
Tesla and nio are just catalysts of human evolution not of the body but of the homeostasis of humans and earth
[deleted]
Nflx calls it is
I’m long on the company. Leaps are a good
Fake News needs to take a hike, we see through the lies
So nice to see some progress from SPCE today. Congratulations on the launch. SPCE to the moon!
I love your positivity. Thanks for giving me a new perspective
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
In the past NVDA generally used TSMC also but recently between AAPL and AMD everyone else is having a lot of trouble getting time on their 7nm node and forget their 5nm process, AAPL has that shit on lock.

Samsung is almost equivalent but their yield isn't as good and their capacity is constrained which you can see in the completely fucked RTX 3000 series launch.
keep it low yall
BBBY
Options are great for small accounts. Nobody should really give a fuck making 10% a year if they got 5k.

If you got cash though, stocks or theta gang are much less retarded for the majority of your portfolio
You typically want a negative correlation for a hedge. But that's portfolio management and you dont have money for that if your on here. 

By the way, have your mom bring me up a sandwich.
RemindMe! 6 months
Gnight. Alermm for 9:29
$TGT $200 soon 😘😘
If they could get some bikes delivered rather than just letting their reputation bleed out as the word gets around what a mess their logistics are.
[deleted]
Don’t buy into it!
We have an office in one. Company decided to not renew the lease and I went in a few weeks ago to get my stuff. Place was a ghost town.
Don’t worry - you’ll probably get a bunch of money to gamble away on your next birthday too.  

I feel like I should be writing them thank you cards.
lol you must be very far removed from wall street. while many execs are truly smart charismatic people who are doing good for the world, I would say a majority of them are just self interested people who look to inflate stock prices (with the help of elected government officials). wall street has become a tight inner circle of wealthy people who look to line each other's pockets.
Black and yellow
Hey, thats quite an interesting career path you've chosen. Godspeed fellow autist. May I ask about your price target for NIO? For your tendies to print, NIO has to exceed 50, right?
An entire Walmart is shut down here because of too many covid cases.
damn rip
They say it’s broken but just don’t feel like cleaning it
Calls on soup kitchens?
You have to accept that which you cant change. Other people see it. Alot of them. I myself know there will be a correction to the mean, its just a matter of when.
yea thats the point retard. its only 100 and im itching to take it out

edit: i just seen ur only post with 0 upvotes that u decided to keep up and i understand now that u have about 3 braincells so i get why u didnt comprehend
Dammit, I'm in.

j/k I'm not in because Su Bae decided to fuck me in the ass no lube by announcing the XLNX acquisition the same goddam day as blowout earnings that would have otherwise made my calls print.
Can confirm. I lost about $400 or so the day after😂
?
If that’s what your coin said, then yes
The new AHS season they out on Netflix is kinda weird and corny
That’s all they ever have...bored of it honestly
Guarantee you the machine is broken
Congrats, you've won a prize
A big oof indeed
2500%
As if there is any kind of sense in the current market.
did you ? my TA only show it 50/50 chances
Yeah but like. I coulda sat there in 2008 and said the same shit. My trailblazer had side impact airbags, ANTi lock brakes, push button 4 wheel drive. None of that existed in 1996 on a blazer so i don’t buy that bull shit the car industry is selling
I'm coming for 🌈🐻s.

https://twitter.com/CrazyinRussia/status/1327957098840338432?s=09
"The SPY is falling!!" - Chicken Little Bears
I’m Ron burgundy?
wym? Their front end developers?
Its basically now at closing bell Friday THANK FUCKING GOD
[deleted]
I’ve never bothered to try the m&m, oreo 4L
I work at Salesforce and it’s the marketing team
Perreton?
SPCE will FOMO to 25
Sooo today I met with African voodoo aka (MASTER OF WITCHCRAFT) and I ask him if he can get all of Africa to do master spell so my Netflix calls can print he said I got you........ what you guys think ?
Whats it called
what? ban
No point. Ice cream machine broken
Yep dude is a cunt, I wish him nothing but the worst.
Poison gas abilities
Elon musk is drafting a constitution for Mars and wants it to be free of all laws on Earth

Calls on interplanetary warfare
You know it
Cum again?
2-5 years?!
That's like a bajillion years!
I'll be dead from coke by then! 
In the mean time I need to buy more NIO, coke is expensive.
Moar tendies dummy
VIX expansion would help too...
They only put the good shit on top and the rest is vanilla ice cream, wack
He pretty much said he was gonna do it last week.
neither, ghoulish
Looks like you always were
Fuckin roasted
for those who cant read, he said sell your wife and yolo on nio
[deleted]
Every company I have worked at has had random non technical people build that website using some standard template
What’s it called
oreo only
[removed]
Is 2 even a thing?  Seriously.
Government bond. You give the government your money for x amour of time usually 10-20 years with a promise for a return of x%
[removed]
its down in HK
I want to invest in the Chinese PTON???
I laughed so hard, I choked!
>3rd largest tech acquisition in history

>stock purchase of that other company.

OK
I bought 10 shares for 10 bucks each, now regretting not getting at least 100.  Should I buy a 11/20 $15c and exercise Friday if it keeps mooning throughout the week, or just buy 90 more shares tomorrow?
do you see why we gamble now? hitting it big is the only shot you have at getting anywhere. even if you work really hard, money gets devalued so quickly that you cant keep up
How so if 70-80% of infected are asymptomatic, with or without anything.
[deleted]
Looking like most Pennystocks
Stock market is a popularity contest now. No valuation, no DD, just vibes 😎
they only know NIO 50c 11/20
So what’s NIO and SPCE hitting tomorrow guys? I hold both lol
Remember WeWork? Lol
12/24 Strangle a safe bet?
They needed time to unload all that stock before tho
Just tell her it’s for boomers and only matters when the yield starts mooning
That’s an oof from me dawg
50-300%
[deleted]
Chicago? Sure. Illinois? ... I don't see that happening
Sir you are a true retard and I respect that. Please post gain/loss porn this is going to be spectacular. Also IBKR gang.
Maga etf
Me, wife, teenage son each had cheeseburger, fries, shake...

$50.17


Food was average.



Never again.
[Top holdings](https://i.imgur.com/pkMvLyA.jpg)

But no tankers or TSLA or sdc or prpl or dkng or shit ass acb so not the wsb etf
[deleted]
I mean the nio calls
at least wait until tomorrow lol
Crash incoming right after you sell those puts.
Wait till you calculate college tuition, shit is outrageous compared to what boomers paid
Yes
Inflation driving up share prices alone will make those print
Tbf they’ve been bullish for weeks
I broke 100k in august, it never feels like enough
Is it stupid to think DRI will go down soon because of lockdowns
Puts on NIO then. Make all your money back in a week.
should i go get a mcflurry?
i think he means "a lot of inflation". like there is the bullshit government number, then reality. like a chocolate bar is both more expensive and smaller, both are forms of inflation.
glad you asked yes Chris Hadfield the latest but also Tony Robbins Bill Ackman and Elon Musk to name a few
Imagine thinking $408.50 isn’t a dip
SPY
There we go! That’ll be fun. Aw to be a young again.
Wait. You're telling me I got a 75% full bottle of Aunt Jemima Pancake Syrup that's probably worth hundreds of thousands because Aunt Jemima name change and logo change ..WOW
Being banned from r/stocks or r/investing should be a prereq to gaining access to r/wallstreetbets
I’m banking on that and the 737 max coming back. The engines are 50% GE tech
.09
[removed]
Can we have a piñata that looks like the Citron logo that we can beat the shit out of Daddy?!
If I want invest in surveillance capitalism I’ll buy Tencent thankyou very much. Wasn’t Peter Thiel supposed to be a libertarian ffs.
I bet less than 5%of people here know what a treasury bond is
Wiz khalifas new song is really good
Why do you say that? Do you feel a recession looming?
Random question. But Does anyone know who makes web pages like “Career Page” or the “Customer Stories” pages for big company websites?

Like Salesforce has those pages. Who in the company is responsible for them? Anyone work closely in This field ?
proof they invested in NIO?

they have tesla but not NIO
Obviously not Chinese.
Pfffff


Novavax's execs got about $100M in stock options after the USG gave them a fat taxpayer funded cash infusion.  They don't even have to deliver an actual vaccine or any product to get paid, which would be par for the course for NVAX who has never made an actual new drug in over 30 years of existence.
CPB 60c Feb.
imagine waiting all weekend for BORING futes 😤
Wow look everybody a whole hundred dollars!! WOOOOOOOOO

Learn me too I don't want to use Google
thas not nice
14k adjusted for inflation is 17500
I like you, I like you a lot
I YOLO’d into puts at close on Friday. This day saved my taxable account.
Thanks I learned a lot.
Welcome brother you'll do just fine here
You panic selling = part of the problem.
This is exactly what NIO did last quarter. I got stopped out on my longs right after earning report, then it shot up 400%.
And pirate ships
SPY IS FALLING THIS WEEK
Netflix babe my witchcraft is to good
I bet Illinois gets locked down tomorrow
Lol sorry some people are smarter and work harder than others and create tons of shareholder value.
Which is why I’m getting puts tmrw
Hehe
Interesting piece on marketplace about this. Basically how your dishwasher was never intended to be run twice a day, everyday.
Oh no bud. Season 2 coming up in Q1 2021
NIO
[removed]
Call me Don Gwuak from now on.
Are they happening? I thought it was dead like Trump's presidency
Baba calls fucked? Get out at open?
> www.derekautomotive.com

Their website can use some high res pics yo
Hot
Do it pussy. I'm finally going to fuck.
I have $15 and $30 puts. There are two kinds of people
Absolutely
What happened
2 guesses. 

You’ll only need one.
Cars are wayyyy better made than even 15 years ago. They last longer and are safer and better on MPG blah blah blah
GOD
[deleted]
Unbelievable.
Impossible is nothing for Nio
Healthcare, banks and defense for me. MRK UNH VRTX JPM LMT will all be printing for a while.
facts
Says everyone
Easy tendies
How long you holding?
On short term maybe.. long term,no.
Bruh everything other than JPow dying is bullish haven’t you heard
I'm sorry for your loss
We’re about to act like second stimulus talks never happened huh
Not a bad idea. I’m hoping ge gets some green America contract or value rotation makes it pump
How close you gonna watch them? Like every second of every tick. That’s the kind of vibes I’m getting
[deleted]
It's funny when I'm long and futures are up big(now), I can't wait for the market to open and I can sleep like a baby. When futures are down big and I'm long, I cannot stop looking at them, pray for them to turn around, get 0 sleep.
Together we 🌙
[deleted]
gf goes “what’s a treasury bond” ooooh boy im gonna learn u today
WSB is far too bullish on NIO, I’m out. 

I wish everyone the best tho 🙏
Thanks man! Just not sure when to sell
I’ve been buying shares
You’ll get there too buddy. We’re all going to the same place.
Companies can start using zombie labor and save costs on healthcare

Absolutely bullish
I mean it just needs to move more one way then youre losing for it not moving the other way.
Give us your money, we'll lose it
Good for you grasshopper
guys, i need to turn $5 into $500,000 by tomorrow or else the cartel will cut off my head, what stock can help me do that
Set all of that aside. AMD is heavily supply constrained. They know exactly what their revenue is going to be a few months out. They have very limited ability to guide up in this environment, and that would be the only thing sure to make SP pop in the short term.
I don’t think Roblox is going anywhere. I remember playing Roblox ten years ago and it’s only gotten more popular since then.
Yep. A friend of mine's dad is almost 80 years old, and he still doesn't act like a boomer. Having a lot of money certainly helps.
That’s probably a good thing....  the more I learn about NIU, the more I think it’s future is just massive. And unlike NIO, they are already distributing outside of China.
Earnings tomorrow morning...fingers crossed
GL bro, rooting for you.
If you want to play safe then, keep playing shares. 

If you can get your portfolio to 3k you can start selling calls on RKT or CRSR and use the premium to play options.

That's the only responsible way to play with a smaller account as far as I know
[removed]
F for Bo Pelini
Sir this is an Arby's
Underrated comment
Or just not cashing out those puts on Friday and buying after earnings
🍿🍿🍿
If the Pfizer vaccine turned people into zombies would that be bullish or bearish?
In Sweden they never closed movie theaters, and now they have zero deaths per day while the rest of Europe is panik Sweden is kalm.
That’s hot
Have you been blind to the thousands of NIO posts?
with 37 data points it is .91
same
No bro inflation would get me a 2016 traverse with 45k miles on it. We past inflation. Shits literally more expensive.
I FEEL LIKE I’M TAKING CRAZY PILLS
PLTR
I only read the first two paragraphs but I’ll stick a whole paycheck into it
It's obviously overinflated, but it's already had a few big sell-offs this year, and every time it just rebounds and keeps going up. Were at the start of the economic recovery. I don't see this bubble popping anytime soon. Could get much bigger before it pops for real.
Fat fucking American troll cock goblers. Thank Lizzo for these hogs feeling empowered. Makes me sick
Is the PTON dip a buy? More shutdowns and cold weather forcing people to workout indoors. Plus the holiday season.
Are you my brother?
I'm more about the movements in the underlying being my exit.

Though if it's up 500% or something and it still has room to run where I'm thinking I'll start selling off.
Trucks/SUVs selling at a premium dog. Glad I bought mine in January
Yes. I picked up 4/21 $45.
[Top holdings](https://i.imgur.com/9MX4lYx.jpg)
Invest isn't really what WSB does.
I’ve been holding AAPL shares for a few months and grindr automatically downloaded on my phone so can confirm it’s gay.
1200% IV for fsly puts back when they drilled to the center of the earth
Fibonacements.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'fibonacci retracements' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
Dude. Do both.  80% stocks 20% options to supplement your stock picks.
Guys our dreams have been fulfilled. We have an actual WSB ETF. Even it's name is worthy- 'Moon'. Take a look at the holdings lol. And buy in
The good half
Oh don’t remind us
get 3k tax credits
Down almost 3%
This my position, thanks.
fibonacci retracements
The points could be random, I dont know the data.  .95 correlation coefficient is good.
[deleted]
What ticker you do this on you theta loving cuck
For the memes!
futures flat at 0.93%
NIO $60 Call 11/20
RemindMe! December 19th, 2020
wow that first 20 minutes of the globex session was so fake and \_. 

 all the stonk market has become is a place for top level execs to get paid out the ass via inflated stock options. instead of outrageous comp packages like they had in 2008 they have just circumvented the laws via these stock options. 

im sorry but you may be making some money off your calls, which i hope some of you are because i love the small guys trading on here, but this  sum money is not enough to make up for the outrageous wealth inequality that is happening in america right now. 

i hope you guys are all trading well and yes i am a little salty tonight.
Anyone high profile with thier asses on the line in this company?
Can't wait to buy that dip.
[deleted]
I popped a JW double black.
yup, cruislines and airlines and in person retail.
Full fucking retard send
Apha and grwg
It was bought up? https://fintel.io/sob/us/nio
sounds smart. I'm in
(y)
What and a who
[removed]
Aunt jamima ass shucking and jiving turkey
I’d go 🪑 or 🐠
How much you at now
I haven't really fucked with options yet because it makes me nervous lol. Just started a few weeks ago. Got prett lucky flipping PLTR and nio but the gains were minimal due to the small portfolio.
This is peak 2020. Starting an OF and YOLOing it. Insane. 

If you brand your OF and appeal to WSB you'll clear 10k/month easily
Basically every president since Jackson spending money like a rapper in da club. Dems just do it more than Rs.
Edit:RKT...Also RKT
[deleted]
i see
Probably a good sign, I’m loaded to the tits in dec and jan calls
Tos never displays mine right. Gotta login to td to see
Dumping my LI shares once I break even to get 1000 PLTR shares with my personal loan money, holla at me
Haha i lold irl into my share certificates 😭
Holding shares is so gay. Like I know it’s safe and I’ve done well not playing with options, but I’ve lost my hobby of options trading and waking up at 6:30am to check squiggly lines. Maybe I fucked up.
Because F is near bankruptcy
small dip in futes

very concerned for bul
Both
Fakest recession ever. In 2008 i bought a 2004 Chevy Trailblazer with 45k miles on it for 14k (17,500) in today’s dollars. A 17,500 traverse gets me a 2015 with 150k miles on it. 

Fuck that honestly. We all got it hard these days especially kids
My bad. Giving an imprecise number
Not if you bought calls before friday close
Everyone knows Mario64 was better and anyone who says otherwise is a lying sack of shit.
...earnings, Andrew Left treason and plot.
[removed]
Ohhbahahh okok
SOLO calls!
Percolation, digestion, that crap will have been flushed out by tomorrow morning
Am I the only person up on these boards?
Congrats and fuck you, Did you sell already? They have ER Monday before open which may help/fuck you over
If i end this year 100k plus. I m gonna try yo make a stupid music video like this

[Skrrrrrra](https://youtu.be/NYf0XJKpzCs)
I thought you were kidding.

 If you are seriously asking how to trade options HERE of all places, then yes there is every reason to be mean.

Anyone with sense will Lassie your ass so hard that you run away fapping and crying so you don't end up on a fucking sewer grate sucking dick for happy meals
I've bet against the market too many times.  It's not going down again Ackman, fuck this.  Selling out of my puts at open and switching to SPCE calls
[deleted]
I just saw something that had over 1,000% IV
Anyone noticing how your old appliances are just now starting to break after 6+ months of lockdown/wfh? 

WHR. Tailwinds
Damn 13k in nvidia? wild
That’s just a disclaimer since this isn’t from an official source. I have multiple orders recently from GME and I know that the order numbers are sequential - just saying that you should do your own research and verify for yourself. 

Anyway, that’s what I thought - no recent numbers or models to back up your blanket statement.
Rip my Netflix calls
Futures literally had ONE large green candle then flat as fuck from there on out.
[deleted]
It already decided to go up. It can’t just keep going all night
Not rn...
too bad, we are in slow meltup mode again, or fast rocket up mode, either or
34% for Austin Matthews
Fair. That’s where I met my gf. Been together 11 months
SPCE gang knows what’s up
That’s why I eat processors
PLTR
Baba or plug
Because they bank for the cartel, duh
na i dont like donkey kong
This confirms my positions so I agree
wake me up in the morning.  
"falls asleep with shoes on"
wcgw
What’s the highest IV you’ve seen ?
So they're no better than us. Might as well buy the meme stock of the month
aunt jemima is ban
Imagine betting on a fucking mortgage originator company... snore.. "THE COMPANY IS WORTH 16B!!" (BASED ON OLD REFINANCING NUMBERS THAT PROBABLY DON'T APPLY ANYMORE AND WILL END SOON AS RATES ARE FINALLY GOING BACK UP).
Gotta see which one has a more reasonable valuation. Doordash early December
That LULU mirror commercial is annoying and it’s fucking everywhere. Wonder if the insane ad budget’s gonna eat that net
I smell a breakout. It's too quiet.
Sorry bb. Need monies for FDs.
Mmmm literally the entirety of w's presidency doesn't really agree
Eat a salad
[deleted]
Why are you showing this?
Spce
is that a big word for throwing money into a fire pit?
BMW are worse.
Up...would be scared turdless holding poots right now.
I don’t like that option
[deleted]
You own shares of VXX, a depreciating asset by nature, and sit on 80% cash, and want people to listen to your advice? 🤡
this futures is so undecisive
[deleted]
So many mongs here bullish for RKT is making me nervous for my calls 🤡
Lmao women b yuuge these days. Too much “healthy eating”
What stock fits that
Who hurt you?
On DKNG tho right?
Battery powered boyfriend
Just put maple syruuuup on my pancakes that expired 2 years ago. Apparently maple syruuuup doesn't expire tho. Why would aunt Jemima out a BB date. Best before my azz AHAHAHHAHAHA SKRETTTT
I’m far from politically correct, check my comment history, I just dont like our community making fun of someone we know and talk about dying specifically when they have kids, call me crazy
It's already crossed lol. It's at 3609 right now
Anyone getting into VRM on a reversal play?
No one has this technology. At least not at a consumer level
 ALL $SPCE BULLS take a look at $SRAC $SRACW I have posted in here once before and it is now starting to trend on stocktwits  
Stable Road Accusitions Corp (SRAC) to merge with MOMENTUS through SPAQ to create ticker (MNTS)  


SANTA CLARA, CA – October 7, 2020 – **Momentus Inc.** (“Momentus” or the “Company”), a commercial space company offering in-space transportation and infrastructure services, today announced it has signed a definitive merger agreement with Stable Road Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: SRAC, SRACU, SRACW) (“Stable Road”) that will result in the Company becoming publicly listed. Upon the closing of the transaction, the combined operating company will be named Momentus Inc. and its securities will be listed on Nasdaq and trade under the ticker symbol “MNTS.”

* Merger to create the first publicly traded space infrastructure company at the forefront of the new space economy
* Momentus partners and customers include SpaceX, Lockheed Martin, and NASA
* Momentus to become publicly listed through a business combination with Stable Road Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: SRAC, SRACU, SRACW) (“Stable Road”)
* Combined company will have an estimated enterprise value of approximately $1.2 billion and will become listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol “MNTS” following expected transaction close in early 2021
* Pro forma for the transaction, Momentus will have approximately $310 million in cash on the balance sheet, to be funded by Stable Road’s $172.5 million of cash held in trust (assuming no redemptions) and $175.0 million from a fully committed common stock PIPE at $10.00 per share, including investments from private equity growth investors, family offices and select top tier public institutional investors  
[https://momentus.space/investors/](https://momentus.space/investors/?fbclid=IwAR3oOKEjBd6xnttRrqIvgytMiDtI00iOmy2EBajYELWhBjmdsXTla685_5s)
And you're driving an F. Puts all around!
[removed]
Both
This is dark even by wsb standards. Please delete this.
my puts might be fucked tomorrow but who knows, I'll baghold them til eod bc this market could do some fuckery. that leaves me with a measly $350 to shove into something at opening. what will make me the tendies?
Yeah but AMD can’t make Big Macs dude.
None ????
Nah fuck that they're great
When is the DoorDash ipo
Broke even and made money?! Wtf dude choose one!
I would cash out and never trade again.
Oh baby, saw these comments coming. Welcome to wsb Retard.
Cashapp me $500 and I'll send you motivational messages after you blow it all
TGT
Wow Ty I may look into this
you shouldn't, I'm some dude on reddit

bottom line: real contracts + real revenue + good clients + ahead of their time = muchos muchos tendies
[deleted]
Very cool, very legal
[deleted]
15%
BEARS HATE HIM! See how he sells 300% IV weekly puts 30% OTM using one crazy trick!
What about airbnb
Reread your second sentence.
Sniff a line of blow off a hookers butthole
even out
True. good friend of mine in his 20s is more of a boomer than most 50+ yr olds I know
Yes. Whenever SpaceX has a launch I try and buy a small set of spce calls ahead of time. They always print. I won't put a lot of money on trying to profit on people being fucking retarded but it always goes up the next day.

I got spce calls now but that is actually for their launch. SpaceX is a nice bonus
Why are my all matches 6 foot 240 Alabama recruits. I know some women had ancestors who were vikings but they weren’t build like The Hamburglar.
Saw that at the end of the day on Friday that the unusual actively tracker showed sooo many calls were bought and figured they know something I don’t. Here we are, chillin on Lamborghini.com picking out colors for my wife’s bf.
True and the psychology is different plus I kinda know what happened. Still seems interesting.
If you only had $100 left to trade would you throw it in Pltr or Spce calls this week
Test flight will probably get delayed while SpaceX sends humans to Uranus and back in time for lunch.
Derek automotive > *

www.derekautomotive.com
Doordash IPo
I've got some 9 calls expiring over the next 2 to 4 weeks
NIO to planet Aquarius
In the late 90's there was no disputing that the internet was the future. Still took some very successful tech company stocks 10-15 years to reclaim their all time high's from the height of the tech bubble.
That 3600 is hard for SPY to cross. Just drop dead already damn
Think I’m gonna pull the trigger on that RKT 2023 20 call. Rocket good?
Yup, down I think 75% on my calls so its basically a wash at this point. I figure when I sell my calls it will finally rebound lol
So Australia just betrayed the Anglo Saxon Union like that? I’m laughing my Chinese ass off, I bet if we have enough money we can bribe the shit of the us senator and house to change your own constitution.
That’s what I’m doing, I donged up on SPY 400c
Break through 3610 and stay u bitch
...hope not, already exited.
Diversifying your portfolio.  Smart.
That porns on my onlyfans bb😘
because its a fuckin fraud piggybacking off legitimizing sustainable transportation. They dont have anything... they dont have any technology or manufacturing capabilities, they dont even have the ability to make a creative name. Its companys like this that will cause hesitancy for investment in legitimate EV startups and renewable tech companies. Fuck nkla.
Up or down
Transgender papa Elon confirmed, politically correct snowflakes buying TSLA calls.
Shares and few calls $23 1/15/21
Besides 0 and 1000% what are your preferred % profit do you guys sell your calls for?
Fuck the bucket, just jump up right before you hit the ground
ANTs are small BABA is big. BABA 400
New animaniacs comes out this week
i have a few 365 FDs waiting
Watching AMD, NET, BABA, and NVDA this week very closely.

AMD and NET I think I am going to start buying every dip, becasue I think they are going to break higher to the upside.

NVDA watching for earnings obviously, holding about 25 shares and might size up a touch on shares. Trying to stay away from options earnings plays, too risky right now and I don't think NVDA will break $600 even with a good quarter, the stock is so expensive right now.
I live in a sub division, you think getting the roof is worth it? I been drooling over this roof, but not sure it works for my area. I'm guessing you got some land and nice place to get max sun exposure. 

Side question:  what is avg charge per sq ft for normal concrete,  and price for stain. Thanks in adv
One of my favorite cars. Are you buying one u/eplfantasyguru
IMO there will be more stimulus passes in the very near future once more shut downs occur and cases keep rising. They will need to act to help people.
FTCH. It might need a pullback though first, it's been mooning way too hard lately
Well if you can bet on the national debt bankrupting the US, I'd say that qualifies for a Democratic ETF
DEMZ
I mean I just presented some numbers which show a couple of hundred million in reasons why the business is not dead. 

Care to share your recent projections or numbers which show the business is dead?
So what's the roadblock for someone like you to transition from a single contractor to getting a crew?
I mean, looks like a fucking break out to me... go with the flow nukka.
yes, so i can get rich and move to a country that isnt insane
been trading since summer 2018. only joined reddit this year. Also, a piece of knowledge for you, lad-- internet does not equal reddit.
That’s like AMD vs MCD
So if schools are bad, and sending kids home is also bad wtf is the move here?
These hoes for errybody
Nah I made a small spy put and couldn’t keep track of it, the percentages and numbers didn’t make sense. But I did have an aha moment where I realized the VIX was basically a measure of how expensive premium is and also a fear gage.
The Porsche
More covid restrictions, TP and paper towels are already being taken off the shelves.

Walmart gains!
[deleted]
Show bobs and tendies.
you're going to lose your money  
the ANT ipo block was a huge setback  
they will be down in the short term
same with pltr
always LULU. yoga pants season in full swing.
Not a bear at all but yea I would too
2 very similar stocks I am guessing it is like owning SPY vs VOO etc.
Keep your distance, don’t talk to her unless spoken to and even then send a quick response. Focus on yourself, find something to keep your mind off, hang out with friends/family and it’s okay to feel bad. I lost a long relationship too. Still hurts but I’m still alive. Hope you get through it and become stronger.
[deleted]
You motherfucker
Boomer is a mindset. Not an age.
Yo I really hope that it breaks through that resistance tonight
A completely preventable problem. 

So stupid.
SPCE vs RKT
Eli3
Have $25K in BABA FDs. I’m feeling good.
Spce if they launch and all goes well, iv isn't that bad even. Nio either way if you expect huge movement, but that shit will get iv crushed. Dkng cause it has retard strength and chart looks bullish.
Hope it’s red, we could use a NIO genocide in this bitch
good analogy. yes 100%
https://www.etf.com/DEMZ
You’re stuck in a narrative. Ignore the news. Look at price. Where does it want to go? It goes where it very well damn pleases. Forces MUCH bigger are in play. Slushes and slushes of money want to move somewhere with yield. Equity has yield. Ride the wave and stop philosophizing the stock market.
Use a ruler to gently smack your scrotum...
Increase the intensity.



Remember your "safe" word.
If futures are up, im guessing that means stay at home stocks will be down.
im such a degenerate i won $100 on draftkings and i just withdrew it to buy a shit FD call
Lol dude that's awesome, I was listening to his cover of patience for the first time when I made the original comment. So glad his family is releasing music post death.
Banks put out research notes all the time. 

Just follow Citron and buy a put or 10 when they nuke a company for a quick 10x that day.
SpaceX isn’t a competitor 😂
[deleted]
98.16% window licker.
/ES 3700 in a minute.
[deleted]
3500 is the new 3200
made so much money
you're not wrong
Check out their watercooling department. The liquid leaks out and fries the other parts, short circuit ING them so that you'll need to buy a whole new PC.
Luckin Coffee is an outlier. How can you not bet on a casino that can draw the card it needs to hit 21 when it wants and bust the players? That's basically what Chinese businesses are and how their government treats them. Is it shitty? Sure. Do we care as investors? Fuck no.
Year 2069: “talks going well”
Sir this is a casino
[deleted]
Honeywell is about as boomer as it gets. I think their greatest single invention is birth control glasses.
The money lost and gained in a year from WSB is enough to______!
[deleted]
We can’t even get a 1200 check. Imagine the wait for UBI 🤡
Print based on a competitors success?
DKNG gang quiet af tonight
Smooth transition in the WH, corona wasn't bad and it got vaccined and we only up 16% ytd with market booming rn. Future never looked better. Much room for up here
What do you mean “If Palantir did develop Tiberius”?

They did make it
*calls 3 times in 1 day*
So are stay at home stocks fucked or great tomorrow? Seems 50/50 between rising numbers and hopes of vaccine. I mean either way I’ll lose money, but curious
$RTRD
Looking to attend a few frat parties with my girlfriends :)
That’s why you short sell short on this garbage and wait til Dec 3rd
A lot of people think this, including me. But market go up. I still think the market is due to get nuked soon, but nobody knows when. Everyone is so greedy that it's too hard to sit on the sidelines, especially with nowhere else to put your money to work. People probably think they'll see it coming and have time to escape with their tendies intact. Too bad it doesn't work that way
This week will be interesting for NIO. Going to be lots of volume.
Yeah but you have to talk to someone.  So nah.
I went cash gang after PFE pimp last week. Was beautiful. Now I’m not sure what I’ll wait to buy.
I didn't really read it, just annoyed op posted a picture to it with no link.
Dollar losing value is good for stonks

I just want DXY to be 80 by EOY
Sell the news
Imagine being a boomer with your best years behind you
I tried Hinge, too complicated for my smooth brain. They all want to get married.
1/21/21
Only if you’re looking at tech. It’s time to start getting into boomer stocks
Fuck...time to buy more I guess
He only made 5 threads in the past 24 hours about NIO!
[removed]
FSR is sketchy as fock
There should be Democratic and Republican ETFs
3611 is the moon or drill number
Sir this is a casino
[deleted]
Take a page out of MGTOW playbook.. all girls monkeybranch and think or know they can do better..
No I’m boomer stock gang.
Their losses are entirely due to exec comp. Company will continue to pump because the software analyst don’t know anything. Defense market knows this is an overpriced turd.
I did sell basically 96% loss combined
cod sucks cant believe i boughy it
[deleted]
Razer may be "overpriced" but as long as you don't get a lemon you get the best laptop on the market
It’ll be at 365 by open bro wtf
yo keep this low 🤫
Might?

We are opening green.

I fixed it for u.
SPY small gap up tomorrow and remains flat, red going into Tuesday and Wednesday. No evidence for these, just trying to speak this into existence so my 11/18 puts aren't fucked
2004 Cayenne S
Can’t sleep! Keep thinking about how much my Amzn call will print! April 3190!! I’m all in boys
I bought spy 12/31 calls for 0.54. Down right now, but hoping that you never bet against he fed. Hoping for big bounce b/t thanksgiving and xmas
[deleted]
Where the fuck is the TL,DR?  Thanks. Can I ask a simple question that probably has a long answer? One I could probably just google... Why do options even exist?
~30% from the top? 

more money to be made on the put side id say
Nah im her. I’m starting an only fans to maximize my rh tendies😎
I'm going all in on walmart before earnings shes running to 160
It takes a ton of straddles to profit right? My luck, we’ll just go from triple top to quad top.
PTON, LULU
SPCE
Yup.  I’ve learned to just quit asking “how much lower can it really go???”
Might be able to shoulder tap someone outside a liquor store and walk around a college town and find a party.
Fisker would like a word 😤😤
[deleted]
All of them.
Pussies selling
My calls are 130%. Small position there though, only 3 19c 12/4,hoping for a bit more pump tomorrow to sell, will probably keep 1 on the table though
$361 gonna reject hard!
The pepper?
Earnings
Fuck the titties I wanna see those tendies
I would never ever listen to someone who has 80% cash as a rule. That’s terrible advice
Because they have a ton of dead weight in their existing car lines, they arent going to be able to scale up battery production fast enough, and rely on dealers who don't want to sell EVs. Even if they do scale up profits are going to take a hit trying to price their EVs competitively.
Wow that’s a lot of focused delusion. Like a gamma ray burst of pure retardation.
Tesla is a boomer stonk now, Tesla is disqualified
[deleted]
Sounds like a you problem. Level up your tactfulness.
[deleted]
Yes that you have a dirty wallet
PSA: If you get flagged as PDT, TD Ameritrade will remove for you if you call. Slap on the wrist policy. Their website says they’ll only do it once, but the guy I talked to said they can remove PDT 3 times a year.
11/20?
Real problem in America isn’t the spread of covid, but the spread of mental retardation.
BUY NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!
Yeah price is now pretty much in-line with where NYSE closed. If it keeps going we might be opening green on NYSE.
Haha its funny, cause everyone thinks i m unemployed and still cant put together 2+2 of my lifestyle.
Pltr
It’s up 11% YTD and 15% YR. also nobody cares about covid
NIO in charge so def going well
1.84% to go, you’re nearly there.
NIO calls fucked
Twitter suicided itself. So dead. Puts on twitter
Agreed just get them 4 a month or two out
Yeah I did
So defensive bud.
Let’s have UBI already please

SPY 500 easy when that happens next year
what becky stonks should i buy
Nice. I hope your calls print
I
That’s usually what happens until Europe opens
[deleted]
XPEV wants to know your location.
Their Gpu waterblocks leak
Anything the dude covered he literally owned from that point forward. Amazing talent,

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=myZ32Pf-5PE
That will be the easiest 25 bagger. I might pick up $10k worth tomorrow.
Anyone in here drive a Cayenne?
Which they taught about the Retard Index in my Econ class
Welcome home, my dude. 

TGT 165c 11/27 is what I'm in right now. TGT has been crushing it on e-commerce and I'm expecting a nice gap up to 168 or so. Not life changing but /r/thetagang is the dream and steady 100% gains can get me there
But did you make money?
FUTES Consolidated. Ready to Explode HIGHER. Buckle UP>
This shit is broken af
Whataburger or get the fuck out
Not while MMT is the panacea to all of the economies ills. I mean, creating money out of thin air has never been thought of before has it? It's taken us till now to stumble upon this solution that in hindsight is so obvious.
Lyft as well
7% *on average*
i'm more a jeep guy myself, but also fuck fiat-chrysler. I'd prob drive the squatch
My thoughts exactly.
stfu
Like lockdowns are the new stimulus
I'll sell you some, how far out you got to spend?
Just FYI for the people who actually have 0 idea, Palantir is basically a tech consulting company who happened to built softwares that act similar to Snowflake but for focus on non-tech industries. Even though Palantir is technically just a tech "consulting" company, Palantir has a strong edge due to focusing on impactful problems (clients from non profit, government, military, etc.), which is actually pretty hard to execute well on.
Try and get some more money from the FED ♿️
In general with paper trading, a big difference from real life is the prices you get filled at. Paper trading gives you immediate perfect fills at exactly the midprice, no spread.
Is this the pile in shares and calls so we can gamma squeeze
SOLO vs. NIO vs. TSLA vs. LI
I will take ur word for it then
Hinge is where it’s at
Not if I take out my initial deposit + 15% then I beat the average market no matter what and am playing with house money
Up 700% on the year so pretty ok with a little regret and protecting profits
Probably next year, but talks going well 😌
Real business is done on paper
Console cycle just kicked off. Super bullish for crsr.  Also covid just sped up the trend. Sales will dip after covid but not for long. Esports are already passing traditional sports like basketball and baseball, football and soccer are next. Gaming is the future
You’re thinking of Pantera a 90’s band
Junk.
As long as it's green
Im coming back to this comment either to to congratulate you or to tell you to go suck some dicks
[deleted]
not enough to move the markets
[deleted]
I'm starting a hedgefund company. Your hired!
[deleted]
Buy puts then.
fuck
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Autonomous Toyota Tundra GhostRiding passengers, affecting radio, steering, and brakes in Dallas suburb. $TM

**URL:** https://redd.it/jv0dj0
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jv0dj0) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/TheKrunkernaut, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
throwaway_0x90
CitrusAbyss
Kabrosif
God dam legend in my book. Don't forget about apple after this play makes you rich
Its okay. New crash within 2 years. Until then, just sit on a chair when the music stops.
It’s lunch break 1:30 off
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
The dollar used to be stronger too. You’re not accounting for inflation. QE is a hell of a drug for the market.
ETA on next stimmy?
Do spend that shit before they’re both out of business man!
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NIO/community?p=NIO
They sell plants online
Reposted ad naseum.
buy the dip. stimulus talks . never bet against the fed
Lol she actually did. My JD is for sure gonna hit tomorrow. Thanks
Anyone else order tsla tequila?
That flatline tho
That's the fun part bro
Self esteem is the ultimate ten bagger
Yeah, on Sept 3rd... I kept hearing sounds from outside that sounded like humanity was ending 😭
Sasquatch Bronco 😍
Lemme see them puts 😎
What is it at now?
$100 says it’s a Velcro wallet.
[deleted]
I mean if you think it will go up or down heavily straddles.
Are you telling us that you are a) a woman, b) autistic, c)both, or d) none of the above? As a retard I’m befuddled
missed out on all the gains and now you don't know ehat's got thr better of you--fomo or regret.
Baba ded
$100 bill in a bear trap.jpeg
10/10 for the tits.

But obviously fake since no girls post in WSB.
[removed]
Flair checks out.
20% is the new 10% just like 50 is the new 40
UBER puts that shit is too high
Seriously, I am also in BABA and getting fucking rocked
Yeab thats around the equivalent of 261 here in the US market tho.
lmfao i hope but i was hoping to hold this bitch for years to come - dont want some autismos pump n dumping
[removed]
I’ll take it
I think it's because ford generally makes shitty cars.
No clue 🤷‍♂️ I’d let em fuck me if he just gave me a 30 seconds heads up on that article 😂 but I’d happily shake his hand for the buying opportunity.
Have been on them for years. Hands down one of the creepiest companies out there. 

5/21 17.5c
Lets ride, hopefully we dont have a disaster on our hands tomorrow
Damn son the EW calendar has so many Chinese companies on it for tomorrow. Is this the Shanghai composite ?
Every girl thinks watching The Office is a personality trait and act like they’ve never seen a dog in their entire life. You just gotta let them talk about how great they think they are hiding behind filters and then you swoop in and tell them you’re a “tech investor” and how you make money from stocks.
What reason does there need to be... did you not see us go from 220s to 360s in half a year lol
Jigga what? Jigga who?
QQQ 335 by Jan 2021
You win the stupid prize
Don’t see how cyberpunk would outsell Witcher 3, but that’s just me.
[deleted]
BABA will continue the pump after break 💯
Usually don’t do FD’s but held 10 x 210C on $DOCU over the weekend
Yes $20
right last time the valuations on these companies were so high was the housing bubble and the tech bubble
People on this sub can only afford $11 stocks to play options.
As an options seller you can ‘prey’ on the autists who are praying 🧎
Anyone sus about how NIO’s AH dip on Friday wasnt bought up
stfu
PLTR stock
So no one thinks its unsustainable that spy usually goes up 7% a year but is up 20% this year while the economy is in absolute shambles and will probably still be a year from now? 

&#x200B;

... K
You have my approval
It needs to show its balls but not too hard. Sitting on $25 poor mans covered calls that expire Friday and I don’t want them to be exercised
I’ve been hearing that for months. I heard 140% today from somebody else. I heard 170% a month ago. Are there any parallels with what happened with VW/Porsche?
Dude don't date your aunt.
you know the vibes
Someday we'll watch a movie about COVID and laugh about how governments ignored it for like a month.
yes its exactly the same. because like your iphone, a growth company only loses value with time
hes back
How many phones do u think you call sell like that? Sounds like a promising growth company
Fuck yea! LET’S GOOOOO!!!!!
[removed]
Obviously.
I have a hefty load too.
What are you thinking for calls?
tell me what isnt overvalued retard
I posted my titties for goodluck
you mean PLNT
Anyone trade futures? I was doing pretty good on my simulated tos account. Seems like you just click buy when the ticks are green and red when it’s red.
52 left on game stop n 3.60 on amc
nice blog
This comment started out so thoughtful, then fell off a cliff. Lmao
Everybody loses money to begin with.  Them you turn it round and start winning.  (Or get so sick of losing you quit)
Why is nobody talking about F saying they're interested in EV? Given the hard-on this sub has for EVs, you'd think it'd be talked about more. They're a boomer stock, sure. They move dreadfully slow for the most part, sure. But they're gaining momentum and approaching their 1Y high. A familiar brand that boomers can get behind and the meme potential of EV just seems like a perfect storm. Plus, Cramer should get at least one thing right per year, let's give him that.
hahaha, were u cash gang from before the election?
You must be one of those retards that just read headlines and take it as fact and repost it to your Facebook wall
Nobody tell him
No you’re thinking of Planters. They buy real estate for their peanut farms
[deleted]
I thought this said “snorting”...❄️
I love and hate this place at the same time...
Tinder/Hinge/Bumble
Because most of them are selling the shit that gets bought, to the wage earners... Trickle up economics get with the program retard 😉
I wish I was smart enough to have taken advantage of that back then. I started trading in mid February.
I'm kind of excited
[deleted]
You are pretty much guaranteed to lose money. HK market has already climbed above close of NYSE on Friday and looks to be headed higher.
The highlight of your week shouldn't be approval from others
CAPS WONT MAKE IT TRUE
The business is dead man. Nobody needs gme anymore.
Stocks only go up
I've been in on this for a long time.
I know this isn't the place, but I did deep DD on this.
This is a giant, everyone's sleeping, but clearly not for much longer.
Gonna be paying you for some top tomorrow after I take profit on these calls 💋
UVXY ain't going up bro, the corona panic is over and priced in now. Dump that shit.
Buy NIO $60c 11/27 expiry. Share the profit with me later🙈
[deleted]
It’s a sign to get rid of your current Ford branded wallet.
SPY 500 2022 Dec
I honestly think it's going to drive the price through the roof though 🤣
doesn't seem like he knows what he's talking about. this sub in a nutshell.
It appeared for me the other day. Should roll out to you soon.
Don’t forget your dates with ladyboys
California real estate, right?
It's ironic that TA is called TA because none of you crayon munching oddballs will never touch any T&A.
(How's that?)
you'd be surprised to know how small an effect retards like us have on thr market.
Cmon guys. Economy in shambles, jobless claims, small businesses dying left and right, a bull market that has overstayed its welcome, political and civil unrest, and a fake ass market propped up by a money printer. Imagine being dumb enough to hold calls with this ticking time bomb of a market. Wtf did ya think was gonna happen? Puts have been the obvious play.

Too bad futures are green af
Funding: secured
[My Sharingan never lies](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gcci0dx/)
Downloaded Tinder for the first time last week. Already deleted it. So dumb lol. Every match is the same - only wants to talk about them selves or crazy
Shhhhh.... we don't talk about....

*First rule of theta gang*
I mean why would he revenge on his ex while he can fuck all kinds of young college girls with his tendies
Such a great album, the dude was so talented and could sing music like no other. Truly a shame we lost him so early.

Absolutely love his covers of thank you & imagine
Every night
Does anyone have any resources that looks into just what exactly happened to silver in August? No way it was pure retail idiocy. The deflation narrative was already in full effect on media during that time.
Yes. A sign that you never used them. Because they’re dead.
My thumb hurts from scrolling to the comments as fast as I could
Cash gang is a dangerous game
Long term is always a better play. They can be 10 baggers too, wsb just has the attention span of a toddler
Can anyone give me an award? It would be the highlight of my week!
[deleted]
bold, but theirs is the fortune
And Biden. He loves it.
I don't think you quite understand what "bag hold" means, bro.
[Never Been Any Reason](https://youtu.be/R7jW8_2Us5c)
Palantir has revenue of $250 million on Q3, loses of $800 million 🤡

It’s like I bought a brand new $1,000 iPhone then sold it for $250 🤡
I don’t think they know what they do - like most government contractors
Bruh... Just burn your money if you thinking of puts. Just go pltr
We’ve been in a bull market since 1980 look at the log chart
Yes. It is a sign. Go all in OP you got this ! 

It’s also a sign to clean your wallet out with all that nasty ass gunk Jesus
the importance and ubiquitous nature of tech has only recently been fully realised due to lockdowns and all the work from home crap. The tech dependency our economy was gonna have a decade from now, that's no longer a decade in the future, in fact, it's now. Tech permeates all walks of lives and should be appropriately valued to reflect that fact. Now, on top of that, add the recovery of all the other beat down sectors, the market growth will probably be the highest this year than any other year in the 2020s.
Perfectly sideways
Im not happy i lost money i happy because i have more than one thing going well for me in my life. The market will always be there and im gonna educate myself jump back in when i have the oppurtunity i learned my lesson. I have time to build a financially comfotable future. And i learned my lesson.
It doesn’t work
Standing back, and standing by
Id imagine they either make nuts or plants
[deleted]
Absolutely retarded DD. I'm in.
Spy puts tomorrow dated 11/27. PLTR leaps at next dip.
well thanks for proving my point by being the biggest asshole you could be ;-)
Im an autistic retard so that’s why I have 10 $50 C 11/20
I did pltr
Is anyone but me cash gang rn? Surely you can’t all be buying the top??
If it’s not $13 my March first I’m dumping it
Hahah there is literally 1 Vol on this one. Congrats!
Wow bro. It's obviously leggings
I only use Tinder for blow and to convince English majors with $30,000 in debt they can make an extra 3-5 bucks by signing up with my Robinhood referral.
I'll be writing these calls to yall enjoy amd thanks
Bro - we here to make money not make friends.  All sociopaths allowed.
Dmyt gonna be 30 in 3 months bet me, 🎲
Ban
Priced in
Green tech right? Like Captain Planet and the PLanaTeeRs?
Me gusta dinero
I find it funny how lots of girls are breaking up w their bf’s rn. Like where else you gonna go for secksytime during lockdown
[removed]
That's why I'm here. Broke as fuck and tired of it. Trying to get my portfolio beefy enough to where I can just sell CCs for weekly income on top of my low paying dead end job.
Okay wtf this is brand new wtf is this etf about???
flame thrower power
[deleted]
Yeah, probably.
... yes someone reads a post 3 hrs ago on a weekend discussion...
up vote whore
You're gonna kill it
No that’s PSTH (keep it going)
We’re gonna eat bear this week bois HAHAHAHAHAHAH.
[removed]
[removed]
Demons souls, spoderman looks ok. Cod actually looking good this yr
Exercise, a dog, and a lady friend.  Key to happiness.  If you are depressed first thing to do is stop drinking, stop eating crap and get on a treadmill.
Mustang drivers are the lowest life forms.
Can't decide between PLTR long term calls or SPY short term puts. Don't want to do both.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nailed it.
Yeah but if all the brrrr goes to wage earners how are fantastically rich people supposed to get tendies?
I think algos have coded in a sell everything at dow 30k in their system
Just in case nobody said it yet - ban for fake news
It's slowly being rolled out to users

I e-mailed them about it
volume is like 3 dudes passing back and forth to eachother
11/20 75c
Okay so I guess first of all Tesla will be worth 4k split adjusted in the next 1-2 years. That’s because Tesla isn’t just a car maker. But secondly no. I don’t see Nio hitting 4k. I think it’s more likely that Xpeng will be the winner long term in China being the more accessible brand. So. Thirdly. Yes. Split adjusted the winning EV company in China could easily be worth 4k a share in 15-30 years.
Untimely, sudden death can be hilarious.
5k worth of 100c 11/20 and 130c 1/15/21 over the weekend. Let's fuckin gooooooo!!!
You know i already have. Moon time.
Probably move up to 265. Then a big gap up Tuesday. Was way over sold.
Owned this since the low 30s not much to say other than it goes up. Had the highest projected revenue growth for a company it’s size when i bought it. Gaming and ecommerce plus potential singapore banking license. Day traded it a couple times last week when it kept bouncing off mid 150s support. If it tests 150s again this week buy it with a stop.
futures are meditating right now. they will reach ecstacy by the morning
Don’t be a pussy. Have a couple drinks and go for it
Is this the breathtaking game
I've got my popcorn and my lube
you wanna make money or no
And why is that?
I think you need to lose more money before it unlocks. Like gaining experience in an rpg
Calls: covered

Space: station 

Moms: spaghetti

Put: it in my ass

Destination: Moon 

Breed: RTRD
My shares beg me to say TSLA.

Yeah, Elon probably has COVID, but he's rich as shit and has sounded fine/normal. Also, the SpaceX launch went well and got hella news coverage, much of which connects Elon back to Tesla - plus the cars got some play with the fun license plates.

Will it stick? Probably not for the whole week. But tomorrow TSLA should be super green at least for a few hours.
Get clapped
[removed]
Miles Morales before he became Spiderman, so GTA 5
Enron was audited. By Arthur Anderson. Both American companies. Both bankrupt.
Wasn't it 170%. Did it drop that much?
They sell stationary bikes easy
Same bro. Just do some coke and jerk off and you’ll be back to losing money like the rest of us in no time.
Youll regret more what you havent done than what you have, trust me
It’s so heavily watched right now that it’s a coin flip.  Stay away from it.
Why the fuck did you have a girlfriend?
My AMC bags certainly hope so
You're gonna need to buy more nio now to cover your Healthcare costs.. Oh wait you live in netherlands.. In that case just order another pizza
this is 2020 no one needs DD you just sell your wife and go yolo
Don’t do it. Inverse of what your gut says. If you lose money though it’s not my fault. I just work here.
I got downvoted for saying the same thing lol
Market cratered because it looked like we were heading to a worst case scenario. Then it stabilized, and stimulus, etc. Now we're trending back towards a near-worst case outcome.

But I wouldn't be surprised if there are a million dead Americans and SP500 is still 20% up from today because fuck it, why not?
That's a terrible idea dude. They're damn near touching the 200 day MA. They're not gonna keep dropping.
160% short interest
You are getting hustled at the table by the market. 

Tomorrow it’s going to turn to you and ask you if you want to increase the wager to make things interesting....
Bit don’t you want to make money going up and down?
24 hr trading everyday. Forget Xmas thanksgiving etc.
What time of day will options expire?  I kinda like noon or midnight for the drama.
I don't understand why $MDLZ has the patented resealable container on Oreos but not on Nutter Butters.
[deleted]
Cheaper for me
feel like that's decent as long as you exit quickly. china tech is ATH, due for a retraction. there's a lot of chop in that direction
I like them.

And they also give sooooo many fries
Maybe they don't spend all day on reddit and just saw it
[deleted]
I will be buying at open. Seeing hella posts on here about it and my boy Jim C was talking about it
JF
It’s a sign you have 2 dads
Gonna dump my life savings into FNKO calls to fund my Funko pop collection 😤
Finally getting to commercial after successful coming test flight though
BABA currently down at 250 in Asia
At midnight, BABA will have a gap up from the HK lunch break, and bears who commented at 5 mins open will be EMBARRASSED AS FUCK.
If I remember correctly,  He wasn’t at -300k, he had just withdrawn that much by the pic, and so the account looked negative.
i know. something with data. or something
You don't think it dropped enough?
If I’ve learned anything in this circus market it’s this. 

You can’t time shit and thus can’t day trade. Instead of buying puts, buy calls when shit dips.
go for consistent layups. not half court shots. got it.
Its like spy gadgets? Laser watches and the like?
Lol sad if you don't think my 360c going to print. No wonder you buy puts
isnt that the bike thing with the tv?
I'd go with some short dated puts combined with the fetal position but you do you
It's PLTR time.
God damn it, I'm so in
The best part is getting caught dumping stocks but downplaying it and still getting re-elected lol
haha just investing groups and NIO fanboy pages. If you think this board is autistic... dear lord.
California?
We’re nowhere near the top. I’d expect SPY to 500 by 2022.
In moderation yah. No effort to make it.
Also it seems nowadays, market cap has became a reflection on price per share, shouldn’t this be another way around?
What did the bears do ?
[deleted]
Try to time it anyway
Damn it. Selling my BABA calls at open.
whenever im feeling down, I like to think about how if I just wait it out I’ll get to see humans on Mars.
[deleted]
Tendies love you more than any girl could
It will probably be up big at open. Futures are bright green ATM.
[deleted]
think of monthlies as weeklies but you get a couple do overs if you're wrong. if you're wrong all 4 weeks then you suck and should stick to shares.
I could have told you that
Just like money you lose and can always make more. You can always find another girl
Judging by the graph youve been retarded for at least 3 months
You'll be surprised bro. 

Sure it might seem like we are all just degenerates YOLOing to buy Lambos but I'm willing to bet that most people here are just people that know how badly the decks are stacked against them.

Wages have been flat for a generation while costs of housing, healthcare, education and childcare are at all time highs. 

Social mobility at a 45 year low. Most people here are wage slaves and know it and want to break out of the cycle.

They have no realistic way to pay for retirement or to save for a house so they YOLO the 500 a month they are told to put in a index fund to save for retirement on far OTM options hoping to leverage and cash out hard.

Save and buy a house? Pay off student loans? How? With COL so high it isn't going to happen. 

The economy is skewed in a way that makes social mobility a pipe dream, so here they all come. YOLO or go broke. 

It's a sign of the times, my dude.
That was the best day of my life. Sold everything in Jan as soon as I heard rumors from China. Then all in on that day.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why the fuck is this stickied?

Ban
Go workout
This is the 🌈est chart I’ve ever seen
Why hahahha
9/10 people here have absolutely no idea PLTR does as a business. At least with Tesla and Nio they have an idea
It's alright man. Everything happens for a reason. Head up, King!
which games to play though?
Meant a put. No way the OP exercised the option. Nobody is that dumb.
No they aren't. I'm a professional software developer which is less strenuous than video rendering etc. They easily get bogged down and battery life is like 1hr when I'm actively developing. I'm pissed my work laptop upgrade cycle is 2 years away. Probably take IT that long to get all their spam compatible with the new architecture though.
Username checks out
Someone please convince me to not buy BABA puts.
NIO isn’t an exercise bike!?
How is that futures hit a certain point and just hang out there pretty much flat for hours at a time.  Barely any movement for literally 8 solid hours until open.

Almost makes you think that futures aren't the end all be all of predicting the next day.
Got any of her nudes you wanna share with the boys?
leaps but for puts, what are those called?
You pick a stock, look at a chart, grab money, and say yolo
If Kirby swallows Hitler, what power does he get?
People are saying you can 0DTE options on RH but I’m not getting the option to do it.
I think it will.  And I hope it fucking pulls BABA up in the process.
Did she find out your username?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have 50 shares just kinda like "how long do I hold this for" lmao
But bears definitely deserve this 🤭
The minute I see my positions show up on WSB I'mma start sweating like a french whore
30, but closer than your calls and puts my dooooood
Picture too small and im too lazy to zoom in.
Whoever said KCAC was free money a week ago. I should’ve listened to you
oh well fuck

say you got hit by a truck then
Tell me what calls to buy and I will buy 27499292763910 of them
Is there no in between? Do you live in Utah?
Shit wasn’t paying attention on PTON, motherfucker is worth 30B, this world has gone full retard, never go full retard
Prey 😂😂😂😂 you are a fucking hyenna,  stay in the sideline
Why would I be for or against any company (aside for for-profit prisons, maybe)?  


I'm in this to make money, not to prove a point.  


Anyways, NKLA 11/20 21 C. I already took out my initial capital Friday, the rest is just a weekly lottery ticket.
NIO is already the next PRPL which was the next DKNG which was the next SPCE
More PLTR leaps tomorrow.
Imagine not loading up on puts when 50% of Americans are cultists who think vaccines are a liberal plot to inject them with tracking microchips.
Hate to say it but I’m feeling some late night fade action
Perhaps they cornered him there
boys, on a little bit of a personal note, my girlfriend and i are broke up just now. i dont know how to feel but i guess im looking to be cheered up
tf u bitching about. it's easy money. it's getting to 20 before end of the year.
*Uno reverse card*
FSR
ah yes buying calls at the top I like it
This is the way
It’s deep and it’s dark
Wow, apparently Preet Bahara might run the SEC

Bullish for SPY because that guy didn’t prosecute a single banker from the 2008 crash when he helped run SDNY. 

Carte blanche for Wall Street speculators  😭
#JD 

#🚀

#🌕
Bears r mad! One gaaai bear went through the weekend discussion to comment on my post 3 hrs ago... Lol like do you guys not value your time?
Downvoted
It looks like the market has just accepted the fact it’s going parabolic. If that’s the case, what’s the optimal trading strategy knowing you can’t time it precisely?
This 100%.

When I got to uni I got Accutane for cheap off of uni insurance. Clear skin since.

Try it out. Only 5% of pimples come back in ur lifetime afterwards.
wait i actually might sell off if fucking facebook retards are on it
I took accutane years ago and it was a miracle. 100% worth it
Shrek got that bog stamina
Buy! Its gonna run all week.  Possible $30 if they test flight this week
[deleted]
Bill Ackman is Korean?!?
Keep in mind that every SPCE launch and event has been a pump and dump that I’ve seen so far
I’m suing.
The indices so flat after that pump... feels like I wake up to something crazy in the am
I lowkey want to YOLO like 7K into NIO calls. Could someone provide genuine advice for which calls I should purchase and when they expire because I have very little experience.

I might also make a post that if I end up making large amounts of money I’ll shave my head bald.
>NikolaBadger

Yikes fam.
Is it even possible to be this retarded? I feel like being this retarded actually requires effort. Like you gotta really wanna fail
Jokes on you I lose money in it every week
I thought insurance companies and banks were being hurt by the low interest rates? I don't see those rates going up much any time soon.
They just don’t give a fuck
Sk my cok
Until 4 am? Shit, its only gonna be 1130 pm eastern and im already yawning. Im getting too old for this shit at my mid 30s.
Give me my fucking money back
Thinking I might put what’s left in SPY $400c 12/24
I would tread carefully shorting anything right now. I don't think you're wrong but the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent
I got $10 1/2023s lol hoping their renewable energy and air sectors make this shit moon at some point. Larry culp is supposed to be good at managing a conglomerate like ge
Fuuuuck.  The only celebrity death that damn near made me cry.

I’ve been wearing out ‘Songbook’ lately.  Miss that dude so much.  Top 3 vocalist ever.
waiting in parking lot now for my $20 burger, only because the closest in n out is kinda far, this is my first time and last time
You got to PIMP MAAAAA HAIR!!!
Hi, JD gang member here
Yesterday, I went to target got a hair trimming machine thing for 20 bucks. I did the sides myself, pretty easy and I asked my gf to trim the back and give some finishing touches. all in all, done in 30-40 mins. And the haircut looks decent, not that different from my usual 30 bucks haircut.
Why though
I see that LKNCY stock, rip my autistic comrade.
If you got the money sure but realize it can still go down more. Would wait a day or two to see where the momentum swings.
Because they are more profitable at selling options than you? Nice.
got it! sell all your PLTR positions right meow
Isn't a placebo literally 70-80% "effective" by the definition they're using?
can someone restock the damn ps5
He's like the British Lil Yachty
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Panic trading is my most favorite pastime
Seconded
no options :(
Indian casino
these barbers charging 50 bux a cut making like $200k a year.
IVE BEEN CALLING PTON THINKING IT WAS PLTR 

SAMSONITE! I WAS WAYYYY OFF!
are you a bear? 

pretty fucking gay if you ask me
[deleted]
Yes, masks, distancing, and tracing work. Yes, Asian countries are more well-versed and disciplined. But the vast difference between Asia and the west is just so damn wide that it feels off.
Communisty
**WARNING: IF YOU SCROLL WITHOUT UPVOTING THIS COMMENT, YOU WILL LOSE MONEY IN THE MARKET THIS WEEK.**
Marketbeat sends out an email titled “Important information about the stock market tomorrow.” My high ass is like, “What do they know? What did I miss?”
Those are great positions. Just hold it
Listen to this guy
Gg bears, ez clap
I want space because of test flight this week.  But yeah people are retarded and will by spce because of space x
Why would you even want to be a bear.  Sure the market can tank and you can have a parade for a little bit.  But it seems like bears are fuk is the SOP for the market.
I did earnimgs few months ago. It was bad. Stay away
Yeah, the plan was to get in a little cheap and just roll weekly calls to gain some cash. Buy more stock to make more contracts. That's going to be slow moving at 50-80 a week. Margin freaks me out.
That's how you're supposed to do it
Is this a PYPL pump?
They will for sure man
Dunno. TSLA is the obv candidate but there has to be other smaller, publicly traded companies that are also vying for a piece of the market. A REIT of some sort would be awesome.
I want my money back
We are at 260 USD rn on the futures. Its looking good.
Donny tried the same thing and look at him...still a sad loser.
Wedge should finish playing out by Mid-Dec.

But you should definitely inverse me, because you know, squiggly lines 'n shit...
I yeeted my peasant account of $1800 into the exact same contracts. Lets fucking go!
Cause we keeping buying them broken ass games
Losses aren't real if your puts expire worthless
calls on carnival
HTZ
LETS GOOOOO NIOOOOO
Do some far OTM retarded spy options and hope for a 5 bagger to get rolling
Thanks man yea that’s so true. I just thought I caught a break on Friday yknw
24.5
Low interest rates, increased money supply
 Beyonce's 🎂 indicates PTON will hit 156-184 by next earnings, also they will acquire or be acquired within the year and release an EV.
GME + $8,000,000
🥭 bought ❄️ at 309
On his downvotes lol
Lol you thinking they won't rofl.   Gaaii bear
when I panic sell : +500% the next day

when I hold : -99%
They also have a launch this week.
Take acutane and start fasting 16 hrs / day. Problems solved
No. Do anything besides taking antidepressants. Talk to a friend, go hike, or even workout. Antidepressants made things worse for me.
Fingers crossed brutha, ride or die!
Five Guys burgers are a sloppy, disappointing mess. Puts all day
Shut the world out long enough for me to work on shit in therapy. Took a few years but I am finally off them. Forced the "give a shit" switch to the off position. Therapy was largely about when that switch needs to be on or off.
I think you have the wrong bay
Chad Toyota the Way vs Virgin Panel Gaps Tesla
[removed]
My guy. $GE hasn't been at 25 since 9/1/2017.

Honestly probably never gonna hit that again.
Thank you so much for bringing that back into my life
JD gang, where are you at? The fact barely anyone has mentioned it gives me hope that they crush earnings
This
If you buy far enough OTM, anything can be a 10 bagger
Yeah up 25% so far
Market eager to melt up
It's either the Moon or Valhalla for us, brother.
if this is true, he must me slimey as fuck
Spy puts duh
Duh.
yo dawg
NIO
\+2% OTM call on Ross on a dip before earnings
I usually do monthly spreads. Theta will start to pile up otherwise
Are people gonna buy SPCE because of SpaceX?
I thought you were making this etf up but nope
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Mmm I don’t think this is it
Technically it ended and right now we're in a zombie market driven purely by liquidity and asset rotation.
Big if true
I've played enough video games to know this is accurate.
Do those even move
22k
hard to say exactly. you cant attribute your success to one thing. getting rid of my degenerate behaviors caused most of my success. but i was on paxil for a few years. over a decade later i don't really get depressed very often anymore. i have few vices. caffeine and a double shot of rum on the weekend, thats about it.

side note, niacin on empty stomach (instant release 1000mg) is very intense and uncomfortable, but has antidepressant like effects. its just vitamin b3
Sell before earnings, that’s my plan, you’re gonna get IV crushed.
[deleted]
Dude why the fk are you happy? You like losing money? Im chasing retirement atm hence yea Friday really ruined my fkin mood
Why 17th and not 16th or 18th?
IT’S THE SAME THING MIKE
bull flag!
[deleted]
Shit.
JD JD JD JD 🤠
That's why you come here.  My wife only finds out my score at tax time.  This year is looking good (for me).
People aren't interested in you doing well unless you can make them do well.  People just ain't no good.
What’s a potential weekly 10 bagger?
no clue. but it sounds cool put that way.
1/22’s?!?
if its up 18% i'm shorting
The game is also around a year behind it’s original release date and doesn’t seem to be getting any closer to actually coming out
God damn I love Chris Cornell
What?
1/22?
yeah dude, super sad. It boggles my mind when I think about how this trajectory unfolded. Like how do you cultivate this magnitude of simp culture
You know, this will get shit all over but, just buy s and p index funds and sit on them, cause your gut instinct is really fucking bad.
tsla gonna go to war with toyota
It's a bubble
SRAC baby
Yeah i mean take profit when markets are up, roll them out to 2022 on the dips.
Yup dems is what I got I got LMFAO
were no strangers to calls

you know the plays and so do I
These things are going to the moon. Highly recommend the stock Field Trip which currently has psychedelic therapy clinics in North America (yes you heard right).
Dude dont talk about ppl dying that shit is lame, she’s a fucking father, make some actual memes or jokes like the actual hilarious members here
Yeah, it may be just a fckin burrito recipe, we wouldn't know.
5.50
Damn gay bear really gay
Yes
You can't get your hair through your....hair?
I’ve had this mindset for a while now and I also miss every stock that pumps bigly. Thinking about hopping on some of these wsb pumpers.
Was it like you felt aroused but physically couldn’t get an erection or just lost interest in sex?
Futures suspiciously flat
12 inches is 30.48 cm
For companies that leaned into work from home and don’t require a giant headquarters, that’s a ton of overhead just gone.   Basically it advanced the work from home shift by a decade or more.  

The way to think of it is transformative as opposed to wealth destroying.
how much would you have if it went $25?
As a friend once said, "I know what's going on around me I just dont feel anything about it". Recommend a holistic approach
Oh ya you will be more than fine. I have a bunch of Jan 2022 calls myself that I plan to not look at until Nov 2021 lol
S&P 500 Futures up 18% according to Market Insider.....
Bro it legit feels out of a movie but if you think about it, China can't win a military battle with western powers (US). The part of the conspiracy that always made sense to me was the fact that they could completely fuck the rest of the world while they made advancements, using tech they stole from and then advanced upon from the western world. I think lots more died in China than they let off, but again, "China-first"
Imagine we're measuring your wife's boyfriends penis (no homo).

In January we used a 12 inch rule and he filled it up.

In November, we're using a 48 inch ruler that has been shrunk to be only 12 inches long.  He fills it up.

Now is his penis actually 48 inches long all of a sudden, or are we just using a bad ruler on what is fundamentally a 12 inch penis?
Funds are safu
Plays tomorrow SRAC SPY SPCE PLTR
AI? Nah, orchestrated operation. In my own neighborhood, by my own neighbor. He wasn't in control of his autonomous vehicle.
What was the premium
**Covid is a fucking mess**
[deleted]
lol @ five guys prices
[deleted]
Did the great bull market of 2009-2020 actually end, or did people just kind of agree that "OK, March was kind of weird, but let's just keep trucking"?

Is this bull market 11 years old, or 9 months old?
Diamondu-Handu
Liquidity.
Regularly. But if you timed it wrong, those monthlies won't instantly bleed to death like weeklies. 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Wyattfadal the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>dogs are no bueno

Imagine thinking that. Horrible
I’m just gonna buy eod if it keeps going up into tomorrow
Well you left out the part on my AMD post where I said it would hit $100 but not before hitting $74, which it did.

AMD now inside a bull wedge and when it's completed, you better bet it's going straight to $100+
The market cap is whatever the ccp says it is.
Apple makes both countries a ton of money. If tsla doesn’t make China as much money as other ev companies they’d be liable to make it very hard for tsla to sell there. I don’t see it happening. Since tsla isn’t just an automobile company but it’s possible. I mean. Shit I guess it’s possible for apple to but I highly doubt that.
So all in calls when it hits another dip?
All three of mine are
The Cold War lobbies are absolutely retarded how do you release a broken ass game
[deleted]
Great. Money goes to $1 before 0
grabbing month out options doesn’t mean you hold for that long. theta decay will kill you.  ppl avoid weeklies bc they’re high risk high reward. Longer dated options will net you smaller gains but less risky. You still want to sell when you make any gains
Pltr. Better long term more than likely
Username checks out
Be patient my son.  I'm adding shares every down day.
[deleted]
PLTR BABY! Like buying net at $25 before it ran to $60+!
Step away from Reddit for a bit. Most men in real life aren’t simping on average chicks on onlyfans or have triple digit slay counts.
ROBLOX will live on forever, it’s like a less good minecraft
Please leave this sub. You are overqualified.
It's funny that you forgot about the Chiefs being in the AFC.
I’ve been doing that. I pull out at like 40-50% expecting a rug pull that never happens. Profit is profit I guess
You would Like to insert yourself into a monkey wouldnt you? Monkeyfucker
elon’s grandpa was american. does that count as natural born citizen for elon 2024?
No.
Sold off my Nio shares and went for the new MOON ETF. Biggest holding is Nio at just a little over 8%. Gives all the run up without having to constantly monitor one stock or having to put too many eggs in one basket
No
I was also in your camp. But take a look at countries that went full-on. They are still having a resurgence, spare Korea, who I agree, did everything spot on. World-class tracing and isolating is the most important factor, but they had a playbook from dealing with SARS
*I'm not wrong. Just early*
Holding 10k worth of pltr 2023 $20 calls

Either gonna get rekt or rich. Lego
>Say what now? Your long-term relations last what, a bottle of wine?

Two Busch Lights and a cigarette.
Sorry I don’t use webull
I mean, I do the same... you’re getting a position that’s less likely to fuck you over
I'm fat, have oily skin, and terrible acne. All I want is my PLTR calls to print so I can buy a trophy wife from Russia so I can feel better about myself.
🗣 Fuck Off
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is the way.
Or else?
Those aren’t good reasons to short. Shorting anything that has insane momentum is almost always guaranteed to fuck you because what are the odds you’re gonna call the top
[deleted]
Switch sales exploded when covid hit
SRAC
[removed]
I totally agree with you. Fauci has trouble seeing the big (non science) picture

And tbh it feeds into certain agendas of “don’t travel! Don’t spend time with people you love!” Mostly from people who never had such things in their lives
[deleted]
See you in the morning.
Exactly cuz you coulda gotten way more too
[deleted]
No. Didn't do anything for me. Tried several times throughout my early 20s. Felt artificial, not real, fugazi
Rkt needs to show its balls this week, or else..
Yea I don't think you hold an unpopular opinion there. And yea, things are as normal in East Asia. In Taiwan they don't even bother wearing masks anymore. There are raves in China
[deleted]
wrong sub
He probably deserved it.
Don't mind the down votes we are all thinking it.
do we have to change the wsb logo now when trump is replaced?
Hopefully citadel loses the lawsuit, evil pricks
Got a good strike price?
[deleted]
helped my dick not work
Opportunities were missed
I got 2000 dollars left and I'm feeling retarded
Yeah i shorted PTON in the 120's.. covered last week at 107 and now going long. Selling puts and calls too though because shit's going to just whipsaw back and forth as the market digests Covid infections..
It's patriotic to be a bull.
Nothing
you leave the money on the dresser or hide it in your ass?
Happens to me quite often too it’s annoying cause the weeklies woulda paid more
Next week SPCE
\*call. Wish it had been enough for multiple, I would have gone closer to the money. I agree about minimizing extrinsic value, I'm planning on an exit in late feb/early march to miss the theta decay.
[deleted]
God damn who the fuck pissed off Poseidon the ravens patriots game is a god damn hurricane
Google psilocybin (magic) mushrooms and depression
Cold bodies don’t count
Oh you're missing all the negatives of Elon:

* Man child CEO who just got the 'rona, while being a 'rona denialist

* CEO might forget his medications one day and wipe out half the company

* Bus factor is infinite, anything happens to Musk, Tesla dies.  There is no second in command.

* The social skills of a psychopath, and is playing both China and the US
Short term crashes tend to be more deeper than short term rips.
“Read more here about Andrews divorce” LMAOOOOO
God speed r/smallstreetbets
Been holding 38C 11/20 for a minute now I needed this
Both
This might be because Nvidia chips are manufactured by Samsung who have their own products to manufacture in addition to their partner’s. Meanwhile AMD is using TSMC, a dedicated foundry in Taiwan where covid is non existent. So there might not be the same delay.
Somewhere in Japan, some dude has just broke even on his 11/1/91 overall market position
Is that better than having a beta mentality and thinking everything is owed to you and the worlds going to be perfect and awesome? We should all just hug it out and talk about our feelings?
[removed]
Flip a coin and choose some NIO FDs
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**Hyper_Hummingbird808** , kminder in **1 year** on [**2021-11-16 04:14:26Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2021-11-16 04:14:26Z&reminder_id=f6dc23db7eb64be88f02620c336297af&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: What_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020#2**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jutjob/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020/gcgp4qq/?context=3)

> kminder 1 year

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202021-11-16T04%3A14%3A26%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjutjob%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020%2Fgcgp4qq%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 2 reminders.

^(OP can )[^(**Add email notification, Delete reminder and comment, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2021-11-16 04:14:26Z&reminder_id=f6dc23db7eb64be88f02620c336297af&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** For help, visit our subreddit r/reminddit!



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Real answer.

Retards entered the market.
I have one last question. When i get a contract for an option do i buy only one stock or does the contract have the amount of stocks written in the contract.

Because u make it seem like each contract is just one share 🤔🤔
Also thanks for helping me u the GOAT
Neither. 🍑
Anyone else buy contracts with like a month expiration for peace of mind and still sell when you get decent gain anyway? I might as well play weeklies
So China made the virus and the cure but didn't export the cure?  Very good Mr Bond! Now you must die.
[deleted]
Always make a move. Preferably within the first 2 to 3 minutes.
Whether you hit it more often than once every 20 paychecks is a bigger question.
with your hand?
Definitely
Hello Satan?

Here’s my soul.
Dude im losing 9900 worth of spy puts nov 20 and im still happy. Chase what you know makes you happy for me its ladies. Down 9900 on the year but eating some pussy friday.
Don't bring it up. They'll ask about it all the time and it gets really annoying when you're on a bad run.
I read this in the movie trailer guy voice
yeah but we could've just worn masks for a few weeks/lockdown at worst ... it was really that easy ...
[deleted]
many tried making those discord exclusive channels but even then someone ends up retarded screwing the rest
they generally dont listen and do whatever they were gonna do anyways. "this has worked for 20 years, its bound to work for the next 20" type stuff. they are screwed in other words
lol little lefty got got cucked by his ex and now he’s gonna get fucked by the ccp
Hope your partner wore a condom.
NIO or TSLA at open?
Russia, but per my post below, looks like China is a-ok..
What was his name?
I've been hurt too much.
They'll all call you retard for speaking the truth.  The fact that we closed above critical resistance simply verifies what this guy has told you.  I'm as ghey a bear as the next guy, but I'm bullish through end of year, SPY $400 by Christmas...
USA!! (except NY)
*pray
[deleted]
Nice! Hopefully we gettin paid tomorrow!
Pltr seems like it’s about to get memed to the moon.
fake and gay
I agree that there will be a lot of bickering, but the key word is what you mentioned: "not priced in"
Premarket $50 would be wild
How big was he
That’s worse conversation than telling someone about your fantasy football team
But with American companies you can actually audit them... good luck auditing a Chinese company
Best antidepressant is getting a dog
Username checks out, you aint foolin us Travis Milton
Need a $500 FD for opening bell
I get that, but don't be doing all these interviews then. It's a highly emotional subject, get someone who can come across.
You are thinking those 0DTE will print?
[removed]
You could sell far otm calls against it tho
Did he cum?
Butt stuff
Don't forget taxes bro lol
Real question.

Why would today's current market be valued HIGHER than just before corona hit?
PLTR or NIO?
I think it might be finally time to go long on BABA.

China bullshit already priced in I think, who knows if they will even follow through with their threats. But definitely will have some headwind in the shorter term
Still in between enthusiasm and greed stage. Has enough to get to 60-70 before the drop, if there even is one.
damn that stock is juicy. curious why it's not getting much attention here.
wow
if were just stating numbers were hoping on then 35+
How was it
But I can WFH... I’m trying to use my 40hr covid PTO
Its published in the future, look at the time stamp 8am Nov 16 lol
people who are beyond depressed need antidepressant to get them back to being depressed
grabbed a 425 at close. lets go
I find it best to not talk about it unless they ask.
Please delete this useless post.
You mean calls? Yeah bro obviously.
Our faith will be rewarded
[deleted]
Where’s AAPL at right now?
Unlike all the non fraudulent American companies
What countries have approved covid vaccines that regular citizens can get now?
The day WSB went to the moon
Frankfurt is first i do believe (sidenote: why the hell is my phone trying to autocorrect ”believe” to ”beliebers”.....
My micro penis is so hard for this IPO
I’m thinking spce is going to be the next nio
As in BA was at $320 when I bought in.
[removed]
UAVS has earnings and honestly I think they're gonna be the next stock to jump like Nio
[removed]
[deleted]
People get incredibly salty if you’re able to beat the game, because most people lose once and then quit forever and regret it later in life. Family especially unfortunately.
I’ve put everything I have into NIO what else do you want from me
Tech futures not up 1% yet? Weak. Russel winning again? No sir I say!
Yeah wtf? Was Nintendo a covid stock and I didn’t realize it?
Gee you must be fun at parties. I don’t need a therapist I pillow talk to your mum every night
We are all proud of you 👏🏼 🎉
I’m so fucking hard right now. Can’t wait to fuck the market tomorrow.
It's always a 50:50, brotha.
It’s my bath time now
430c 11/20 TSLA, hope these bitches print tomorrow.
Apple provides too many jobs to remove but their growth in China has already stopped and is shrinking. Chinese consumers are becoming more confident in domestic brands and anti American
🤝
Noice
the meltup has only just begun.  We crossed and closed above critical resistance on Friday.  Next stop is climbing the breakdown candle from last Moon-day.  SPY going back to $364 and probably not stopping there.  At this rate, we'll be at $400 by Christmas.

And here I man with a bag full of puts that will all expire worthless.  I'm changing my ways starting tomorrow.  "Puts are for hedging only", something I should have known sooner but better late than never I guess...
World peace only comes after amazon announces their stock split
Oh so i can see what the stock will be in the future tell me how to do it
Remind me! 1 year
Couple this with the Neurolink and we are years away from brain transplants into new bodies. Possibly monkey bodies
Wells Fargo happens to not only be the worst fucking bank in the world, but more importantly is one of the worst run companies in the world.  It is fundamentally a piece of shit that will fail long before the other big boys even come close.
Bag holding
A lot of scientists are like that. They put rationality 100% first and don’t like non-science socializing
Yall still like this play? It's down 12% since August... Priced in?
Lol this is beyond retarded.
xmas is superfucked this year
Never give up brother
Did Britney Spears do it or nah?
NIO is gonna be like all the other Chinese stocks, make fake financial statements, get exposed and then get de-listed 

Y’all need to watch that dirty money episode Chinese companies are frauds
[deleted]
Yeah but how the kitchen.
Still depressed I didn't sell for +$19,000 when the news hit. It just tumbled all the way down after. Still going to make money off it, but damn the pain is still fresh.
If you only had $100 would you go into Spce weeklies or Pltr weeklies tomorrow?
[deleted]
Held 2.5k in shares, got bored and sold but might hop back on. Does anyone think it's actually Stripe?
hes right lmao
I would rather family think I am unemployed and destitute.
As in a liftoff?
I mean if we’re comparing Tesla to NIO, there’s not much comparison.  Tesla is a behemoth head by Elon freaking Musk.
Well jackson wasn't rude to trump, so biden says Newton.
Thanks man
Think so?
Got 'em
How about not playing options and get a therapist. But for our enjoyment keep going.
You got fucked in the ass. 

Never understand why someone should bet this much of their portfolio on one underlying.
All good i told her how i felt and she apologized and ended up going with 
Nio 50 tomorrow
https://interestingengineering.com/scientists-grow-bigger-monkey-brains-using-human-genes-replicating-evolution

it begins
Nintendo is down even Nikkei is up 2%, fk princess Peach.
Futures so flat its like it hit a limit up or something
you can say youve been exposed to someone who had covid and are in quarantine

ez
Need to have a plan with "if/then" statements. Don't be afraid to switch your bias. Also, what kind of trade are you making (scalp, opening-drive long/short, dip & rip, ect)? Have levels to trade against and pre-define your risk! Good luck going forward 👍
Makes sense, i got June JD 95c that im hoping will go ITM this week
Number 1 post on reddit - advocating for 4 day work week. Don't come for my trading days bruh - I have a right to bull arms
[deleted]
lol

this is going to end well
until eurochads wake up
[removed]
Do I just send you my money directly?
totally LUL
This gets me hot.
You have enough to get June calls.. fuck it don't even worry about it. IV is not exorbitant and that's a big thing for me, i like to pay the least extrinsic value possible without actually buying ITM's because the reward is bigger. Although tbh i have plenty of long delta via calls on BA/RTX.. through the rest of the year i'm just going to balance it out selling puts on shit like this..
Mmmmm yessss
I gave up hope.
Honestly fuck him
*Narrator: he lost all his money the next day*
ACKMAN GANG 

ACKMAN GANG 

ACKMAN GANG 

ACKMAN GANG 

ACKMAN GANG
Wym
NIO puts.
Oh interesting and then how do you know when these things open up?
Cam is the OG. Lamar is the Youngblood
Does nio open in any foreign markets?
Longing BABA in the AM, bad call?
Probably some pussy
https://youtu.be/d8BcCLLX4N4

Slowing down a stock exchange with 38 miles of cable 

(Really cool video of the IEX exchange)
[deleted]
Fauci needs a spokesman. It comes off like he relishes telling people they can't have Christmas with their families.
Aight boomer shamer, than on your logic you think NIO will be at 4000+ in next 30 years. Like there’s no correlation between what’s companies balance sheets and sales. EV is on rise and got bright future but the fomo growth has been stupid on EV. Look at TSLA it has ran out of growth as a stock.
Because it wasn’t a good investment and I think 70 years of being home with no job is shitty.
BABA is giving me BA vibes
Is what you described here illegal or nah?
In this market anything is possible.


Just dont be retarded and hope that your trade hit 10000000% returns, thats not gonna happen.
I plugged other stuff in and it works but my router doesn't
Only way stonks would be up that much is if Sleepy Biden admitted to fraud because he's already so sick of Kamala's nagging that he would rather admit to fraud then have to live out the rest of his life listening to that awful voice.

MAGA 2024 boyos
Baba will be around much longer than the turd in orange. You got shares? You're golden. Be patient
I think I said something racist or ignorant and somebody reported my ass lol
Thats literally the same thing wtf you talking about
These DD’s are getting suspiciously Wall Street narkish.
Jd to the moon
Damn not even one spike in that chart
Jackson 100%
You will be fine. EV is the future
Lmao I'm triggered but you're stalking me on the [internet](https://twitter.com/justinbaragona/status/1328026092976943104)
PSTH gang where you at?
Wow, you used to have more money than me!!

...

You don’t now, but that’s still pretty good.
thoughts on MGI?
NIO will probably pull back after earnings, but I’m not betting against them. They have Tesla level delusional energy fueling them.

It doesn’t matter how overvalued something is if people still want to buy it.
RKT please go up this week. Thank you
Chiming in. Thy making tendies of me, going be making tendies off them soon
you're good, chinese EV pumping today
10 1/22 leaps here. 25 is tough
Andrew Left made billions on Valeant (now Bausch Health Care)
Sounds like a solid investment why you hating on him?
sell puts or calls against the shares, lower your costs basis, and profit. what's the matter with you.
If only
Dm 😏
Lol. Boughts puts eh?
This is old as shit news. Lets not start a retarded WSB pump based on old new mods
Ok I’m going to buy $1,000 of 1/21 $450’s and see you nerds in the Hamptons
no dumbass
Spam
BABA is now 260 USD.

BABA bears can you plz do us a favor and

UNINSTALL UR BROKER

Thank you
Steelers are winning the Superbowl this season ngl.
Oh man I didn’t know that was the case.  Well I still say Chubb but damn both situations are bad
BABA come back, any kind of fool could see
There was something in everything about you
How long can this fad last though? My kids are all over this shit, and I can see how insidious it is and how it gets its hooks into them. It an awful product, and I hate it, but they’re making money hand over fist. But won’t it be dead in a couple years? My biggest concern is how fickle kids are. Could vanish overnight.
🤦‍♂️
If it hits 250 I'm diving in
Signed up for Instacart to do just that. Lol
It was massive beyond belief.
[deleted]
It's a male support group for erectile disfunction and incontinence where they hang out for 10 plus hours a day and give each other props when they manage not to shit themselves or finally come in the group circle jerk.
Got 'em
What’d you do for that?
her titties are a better dd
Nikkei going all the way to 1991 highs
Ballsy. I’m doing 11/27 35p
Miles Morales. Pretty fun so far
a family friend tho ?? i dont know about that lol
Just think how much the world has changed since then.
100% slow play. Play it like stocks. Not options.
Gtfo
Keep your chicken bones away you fiend
Dec 10th
I gotta say guys, life fucking sucks. I honestly can't see any light at the end of the tunnel. I feel most at home with you guys so I'm posting here. I feel I'm just destined to work this shit job till the day I die. That's actually why I'm here. I rather roll the dice at an early retirement.  


LI 11/20/20 35c  
NIO 02/19/21 50c  
XPEV 04/16/21 50c  


How fucked am I?

&#x200B;

PS. Fuck Andrew Left
Senate asking cdc to reinstate no sail orders. Biden will too most likely
But what is your personal bias
All about the hype right now
[deleted]
Because of theta gang, I now live in an 800+ sqft apt in a high rise. Ty men
Tgt calls or puts ?
In that case, get your chapstick ready princess. Daddy likes his knob getting polished.
It was Reddit ban not WSB ban
In a world where Tesla is worth $400 BB, NIO is hugely undervalued at $50 BB.

I agree it's dumb, but when an entire sector has gone retarded, you have to do valuations by comparison, not by fundamentals.
Six figure. Shares.
Fuck you daddy
These analysts are WSB subs
no hes not fucking for real

why the fuck would tech lead on a melt up from recovery?
Lamar Jackson
They’re gonna report under 4 b revenue but somehow still go up.
👎👎👎
This is the way.
Can you imagine the welfare queen that’s like “I JUST HIT IT BIG ON MY LOTTO SCRATCHERS!! I’m gonna buy THREE (3) Amazon stocks!!! WOOOO”
It’s a gay pride thing, you wouldn’t understand. 🏳️‍🌈
Don’t feel bad. I bought a zoom 50p lottery ticket and lost $200 the next morning.
I thought it was the Poor Boys now?
Isn’t it telling that there was a huge sell off due to a company saying that though? I don’t understand all the “hate” for Citron when all they said was what everyone was thinking. That this growth is insane and it was due for a pull back and that Tesla still exists basically.
GE is a dead boomer stonk, waiting for a new company to replace them
"You think I'm psycho momma don't you?"
Wtf is this spotify?
Spotify puts
I love that  the 🥭 followers looked at him as some alpha male. And now he's just acting like a fucking pussy assed snowflake.
Age ?
33+
Sure they are because if they lose volatility I suddenly lose significant amounts of money.
Petition that we all have to vote on if there will be a lunch break each day.

Like if stonks are going up I don't want a break, but if stonks are down then I would rather the bears have 1 less hour in the day to do their bear shit.
😘
[deleted]
F that. 24 hour trading
What the fuck is up my Nikkeis
As if I needed a reason.
This is a sign--there is a time traveller in our midst.

You have much to tell us.
Just researched it a little. Seems like a no brainer but not much volume
Flair don’t check out
the ravens can blow me
I think I’m going to short NIO. How can they justify a $48B market cap even if they hit their 2021 target of 100,000 vehicle sales? Lordstown Motors market cap is less than $3B.
Unionizing the stock market? Whoa
What game you playing?
Ban fake
Its always something. It was tesla before and after nio it'll probably be weed or something
But yes, we could actually make some dough if we pooled our ideas and research and acted accordingly.
Nah he’s gonna live in it for the rest of his life. A million dollar abandoned home and it’s only a 3 bedroom. Beautiful home now, but when he got it it was a shithole.
HELL NO. Unless we get 7 days of trading.
No glitch this is real life
Ok but fuck china!
JPow/LFink can pump this shit anytime there is low volume. Overnight is easier. When there is high volume selling pressure, they cannot absorb it. Otherwise, 📈🤷‍♂️💩
From a dude thats married with kids now in his 30s, but used to get ALOT of ass. ALWAYS GO FOR IT.
Pretty mechanical response.
explain to me how we wouldnt just end up bagholding these with such a low open int and volume?
So should I be holding my calls through earnings?
Yea man I'm super stumped....I got nothing..holding long puts and playing short straddle.... and I'm still nervous I will do nothing but offset which is what I have been doing and I cant sell....because ya know how the hell does this make sense 😅😅😅

 tis what it is i gues i won't doubt my vibe and you don't doubt yours one of use is bound to make dough.
Finally back from my ban made hella money on NIO last week
Is it any surprise that he’s here given that info?
Just invest in $U itself
Fuck off
This dude... https://twitter.com/davehcontrarian/status/1324337715618435072?s=21
If apple could open above its 122 resistance that would be terrific. I believe in you Tim
im done trying to time this market, I either buy the dip or ride this bubble to new ath
Seems like if a stock runs up to earnings -> it drops earnings day then can continue a climb later.

If stock flatlines to earnings -> it will gap up.
Don't at open.  See how the day shakes out
The EV sector is looking to grow rapidly for the next 15-30 years. Stocks don’t trade at a price for the next quarter anymore man. How old are you? 87?
wrong sub
Market insider is glitched rn. Says SPY futures are up 18.66% LMAO
yes. it's david hunter. some assholes on this board spam his tweets here
Sleep tight my love.
Good shit. Keep it up. Hopefully we both make some tendies tomorrow.
Life is good Steelers 9-0 and I own 460 of voo stock
My best advice is.... come here for the lolz not the investment advice lol
Bingo. 
Of course I'm talking out of my ass but I don't think anyone cares what Turdeeto tries to pull for the next 2 months. It will all be undone soon enough. What a piece of shit.
Nikkei pump has been wilder than Japanese Reality TV
Hive mind for the greater good? Seems unlikely here. Too much subterfuge.
Is he flipping it or something?
If you’re talking about David H Contrarian he’s been touring the final melt up for some time now. He originally plotted S&P to 4000 but a week or so ago he bumped it up to 4500
 CNN BUSINESS bruh minds well go to stocktwits for a price target
Love it
Some of you are so bad at this. It’s hilarious.
[deleted]
Petition to have a "lunch break" in the US markets like in HK.
Ban
[deleted]
I want a link where he kept all those bear positions and it went right back down again in the melt up months.
Glad I bought a mini 30c
Record-breaking amount of new customer accounts last quarter!
Amirite=Armalite=guns= SWBI calls. I found the message.
[deleted]
*me aggressively googling NIOs technical fundamental analysis*

the analysis: it could go up it could go down
Boy this is really confusing 🤔🤔🤔
\> thermostats, security systems, and air purifiers  
Those were spun off into Resideo REZI
made by gavin mcinnis, he has a lot of hilarious videos on youtube. way better than other junk that passes for "comedy". but yeah he's gay. shoves dildos up his ass and does coke. so doesn't really represent the right per se
Depends on her vibe and our vibe, has nothing to do with how we met.
God damn Nikkei. Should have flipped to exclusively foreign stonks after the September dump
This is all a bizarre mystery at this point.  Melting up has destroyed more than any crash has.
Lotto ticket
[removed]
if youre not against nkla, it just means your head is up your ass, positions please, I want to inverse them for free tendies
I’m sorry for your loss
Solo has a low market cap but you stupid bears still bought puts. Eat shit
Apple depends on China. China doesn’t depend on tsla. Big difference.
lol @ this
Yeah, but the cardinals coach rekt anyone needing that extra point they decided to not kick at the end of the game.
So they were leaps?
Ban
[deleted]
The internet is down here and I'm coping with it by being on the internet
Gayest name for a boy band ever
I would watch but only if you play Skyrim
Stop gayposting.
can you explain that in retard terms for our friend above
crystal ball
[deleted]
Why would you do that
[removed]
you gotta get weird on the first date, it’s an unwritten rule
Sell those tomorrow. LOL
Americans are simps it’s really sad
Well as someone who does play video games this game to me seems like it won’t meet people’s expectations. Simply because people are expecting the literal best game to have been released in all of history of mankind. It could be a pretty good or very good game and it probably won’t meet the hype. Now what really matters if there is enough to keep people interested to play 2 hours, because after 2 hours the game is non refundable on steam. This is kinda like NKLA level expectations, but I will say this game is not priced in at all.
Tell us
Slow play.
all you had to do was the opposite of what you actually did
I'd be pretty satisfied if I made 2mil + and could be extremely comfortable off dividends  lol
NIO cock pattern confirmed
1 billion at 10pm moves the price alot more than at 10am.
Tyy
Oversold RSI at 30, deep deep deep ITM then sell 30 secs later... make it rain
r/investing
I always try to get at least a pinky in the ass
[deleted]
Move on her like a bitch
Im not fucking a family friend thats weird
Close your eyes.

Push on your eyelids gently with your fingertips.

Release them.

The number that appears from the flashing lights is how you find it.
I don't think it's as rigid as that.  Depends on the vibe.
It would be SPCX
I need Amazon to open 3200+ tomorrow
Did.
I think we're all hoping so, but NYSE is going to look to hong kong activity tonight for sentiment on that. So far it's not great. 

But everyone's saying JD's earnings tomorrow might come in hot so we shall see.
25% SP gains this QUARTER?? lol wtf is this guy on
How you boomers feeling about GE? I got $25 leaps 😰
Hang Seng trades with so much more volatility than US markets. I’m so god damn jealous
Possibly blue
Yerrrppp
Boggles the mind
Yup. Very true. Hmu when civil war erupts out of stupidity
TVIX was even better, no longer on the market 😞
Huge EPS estimate. Sell calls and show us the gains.
Pats on back only
Tight. Building up equity in my home. Up 22% in the last year
This is the ideal male body. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.
I’m really happy not to be this couple I know. The dude bullshitted being hurt to get disability, then bought a million dollar abandoned home. He has nothing but free time and has to work on this house 24/7. He’s been at it for a year and still has another one to go. The house isn’t even a mansion he thinks he’s gonna be Gucci when it’s all done. Nah you’re gonna be hole every single day with nothing to do just home with your wife. Nothing ever changing and god forbid he gets caught throwing a football around. Shit life if you ask me.
Jack founded BABA and that's it. The CEO is not even him anymore, he's just a major shareholder.
What about Apple?

China doesn’t ban companies that way. I think you meant the USA
I've used this to get out of a couple meetings lately. You don't even have to mention Covid, just say you have been feeling under the weather lately and have been trying to avoid people out of an extreme abundance of caution. Nobody ever questions it.
Japan does
HK exchange has a lunch break that's pretty cool
nope

not even a lil bit
If you want you can try it (obviously), I mean the conversion has come up before and I still think it's a terrible idea. You think you're going to be able to "feel the markets" and shit like that when in reality you're not going to give a flying fuck about trading options when you're actually tripping. If you do, y⁷ou'll likely perform terribly. You need to be sharp and sober, save the acid for after hours. 

I guess microdosing probably wouldn't hurt, providing you're at least somewhat familiar with psychedelics.
[deleted]
Pulled your mom's rug and got a red wave
This quarter ends in 6 weeks retard
The proud boys have so much repressed homosexuality it's not even funny. Of they'd all just be honest and start gobbling cocks, they'd be so much more chill.
When break 3615
That is incredibly dumb.
Whatever will bewilder me
I see many things
It’s chill. My mom makes me good food and I’m paying zero rent. You?
Based on everyone's responses here put it is - I'm going to inverse all of you fucks into tindy town 😉
Browns for sure.  I dont know the lines but Chubb ass raped anyone needing those 6pts.
Every time I fuck up or make a bad trade, I just think to myself *at least I'm not Jim Harbaugh*
This
Long crude
[deleted]
Hong Dong
in human civilization everything is reduced to extreme polarities which is then settled by a bloody war, then a return to normality. rinse repeat. there is no talking logic into people because they operate mechanically and unconsciously
Do you guys make a move on a first date if she’s like a family friend and not a tinder hoe? Or just keep it to hugs n shit
a noun, a verb, and Nio
That’s what is closed at bro
nah, im ridding these to the end.
 EV week
Is this the Wall Street seamless delivery guy?
Tell him you give positive results every day you clock in
This gave me the worst mental image. 

bestwank/10
[removed]
Maybe I’ll become a twitch streamer of me jerking off
[deleted]
plug is in the EV sector?
ban for fake news
No u
We’re going to get another significant pump before open, probably opening at 1.5%+
What does WB Solo mean?
Sometime in August when PSX was $64 ish? The second leg down for the energy sector should not have happened, this shit shouldn’t have been sitting at March lows and some companies were even lower than March. PSX absolutely crushed EPS last quarter, something like -0.70 expected and -.01 actual. Almost breaking even in the worst of the crisis.

I have no idea what happened to energy. RCL had negative revenue on the quarter and outperformed anything in the sector. A company with literal negative *revenue*. It was crazy, I kept holding and hoping that it was temporary but it never went back up. Couldn’t break the 10 day moving average and just kept getting liquidated.

The oil market is much better, a ton of the excess has already been worked off. Gasoline is back to normal levels and diesel/distillate has been worked off like crazy over the last month. It really should be higher

Just gotta pray for some double doses of vaccine news
that’s good
Lol OK.  All good!  Trying to learn more in depth about futures, pre and post market movement, volume etc.
Does a market do that?
Zoomer af bro. How's the basement ?
Sort of, but not symmetrically.  Any loss hurts, but no gain will ever satisfy me.
They piled on the steak. Good shit but now I lost my buzz. Gonna pass out soon, wake up at 4 and stare at my portfolio til open.
Nice picks
[deleted]
Wait, are you trying to pump TSLA or PLTR here?
Wall Street guy said this...is he for real?

For anyone who's still wondering,the melt-up phase has begun.We'll see the S&P rise to 4500+,the Nasdaq to 15000+ & DJIA to 36,000+ this quarter. Tech,including FAANG & semis,will lead but we'll also see good performance from the miners,energy,industrials,financials &homebuilders
Like this market gives a shit about some lockdowns
Where was this at when it was 9$
Wtf is citron
A share of BABA cost like 50 million in Zimbabwe money. Be careful of Mugabe lol
you know the vibes 💯💯
Fun fact: the options on 3x etfs actually price in the fact that the option moves 3x the original index. You are better off buying options on the regular indexes bc there is more liquidity.
Do your research retard - the release date has been moved back to December. 

You’re a fucking idiot to post all this shit and not even know the release date which has been moved about 200 times since the beginning of 2020.
Smashing white claws and playing on my brand new PS5 as I’m holding NIO calls. Life is good. 

WBU?
Was original GTA very successful on release? I only played GTA 2 on my SPS 1 a few years after its release.
NIO 32.50p 11/20
It worries me that you keep saying "bets" (yes I know the name of this sub).

If you want to be long an option, then you don't have to own any of the underlying in order to do so. In theory, you also don't have to own any stock if you want to be short an option (usually called writing a call/put). Having said that, it's not recommended from a risk management perspective (most trading apps won't even let you write uncovered contracts unless you have a certain amount of money in your account). 

I gave a very simplified ELI5 answer on how options values are derived and skipped over some stuff such as premiums.

For example, a person that sells an option (let's say they sell a call), will get a relatively small amount of money called a "premium". Sometimes the premium is worth a couple cents per share and sometimes it's worth a couple dollars or more. That's the profit they make and consider it the fee they take in exchange for the risk they are now exposed to. As long as the call option expires before the stock goes above the strike price, they get to keep all that premium. 

> Because if i have the puts at 100 but they are at 88 then the guy who buys them will pay me 88 not 100 so only the guy that buys will make money or is there a step i missed

I think you are confusing strike price, price of the underlying and option price. I'll try to rewrite your sentence in a way that shows the difference. 

>If I am holding puts with a STRIKE PRICE of $100 and the market PRICE of the UNDERLYING stock is $88, the person who buys those puts off of me will likely be paying an OPTION PRICE of somewhere around $12 (once again, I'm assuming a very simple example that ignores a bunch of stuff). If I had paid a premium of $2 when I originally bought the puts, then I will make a profit of $10.
Implied open $450 SPY
Meh I can see it going up from all the EV talk
Don’t do that.
I thought she fought for upping it to 2% to unwind thr books and then was like no mas? Normally that's dovish but if a chair called for 2% rates right now the entire house of cards would explode into birthday confetti.
Aye, perhaps the shire first - but only for a short while
[deleted]
how you see?
I might just buy into NIO now just to do my small part in cucking this guy.
Spike her drinks with Metamucil so she gets those low maintenance logs
Every green day just move another % of ur portfolio to hedge
Would be nice to be able to eat my tendies in peace instead of getting tendie grease all over my trading keyboard.
No we're not. We're not the bad guys here. We didn't defraud the American people and prey on their dreams of home ownership.
[deleted]
Took Raven's -6.5. Rain obviously losing the game for them.

100% Chance of Rain in Beijing on Wednesday.

Witching Hour.
I’m buying puts galore once we hit ath
All good I formulated it now. We at 259 usd
I think its “leather men” now
strats for actually winning aren't bets though.
unplugging
Such a mood.  That and a big glass of milk as cold as you can get it
Godspeed, autist.
Because we’re waiting for the rug pull dude, don’t you know?
NIO 43.66 in US
PLTR
Because it’s the next Lehman brothers. There’s always one that has to go down always a fall guy. It’s gonna be Wells Fargo this time.
Finally some quality advice
I photoshop a CVS email or letter, I’m not worried about that even if I couldn’t lie convincingly
why everyone either a cuck or chad these days. No in between
China will ban Tesla eventually after they steal all the tech. Imagine thinking Xi is gonna let an American company dominate the Chinese car markets
he commented this after the pandemic started
I’m not a bear, but I did take a heavy short position in BKNG. No way a travel stock should be close to ATH’s. I’m hoping for a green market open but a deeeeeeep red travel stocks open.
Risk factors:

* CDPR never worked on a first-person game, shooting mechanics in Witcher sucked
* CDPR never had vehicles in their games, in videos handling looks wonky
* Witcher 3 was helped by the Game of Thrones hype, Cyberpunk is a more niche setting

I loved Witcher 3, just saying.
Is it good? I want to try putting peanut butter on vanilla ice cream.
So from the conversion I just did of BABA 251 on HKD, BABA is at 259 USD and climbing. BABA bears please do us a favor and

STFU

we started 246 had, we are 251.5 had, aka 259 usd.
Yea it’s a great company.  Last I heard he had mild cold like symptoms.
Imagine the NYSE closing for an hour for lunch. Laaaaame.
I don't know, sounds gay.
We should invent an ETF that tracks how right the WSB consensus is at predicting moves and trade options on it. See if the sentiment is right more (bullish) or bearish. The news would be based on the mods and cause huge spikes or sell offs. Options on options. Imagine what the meaning of leaps would be.
😂
Alright nvm i guess its just my pp
🦇 🍜 🤤
No it’s a gay empowerment movement. They’re gay and proud hence the proud boys
Because of “FuTuRE GrowTH” 
-Some CNBC “trader”
Late night WSB thoughts
ill be down -$1800 this friday if this shit keeps up.... thank you for making my loss look reasonable, biggest loss for me in like 5 years.
Surprisingly close to how it actually happens.
Merely speculative, but eventually $50 to $60.  ARK investing is loading up. The tech they have 3D prints circuit boards.  This is new for circuit board manufactures.  When, if it takes off NNDM won't be able to make enough of their Dragonfly 3D printing machines to keep up with the demand.
Who has a link to that bear’s WSB post where he went from like -300K to +250K in the March crash? One of the most autistic all time charts i ever seen
Same, totally shitty and set back an entire year of progress made before then. Luckily I'm like 75% of the way back to where I was.
Hi if we could get one of those circuit breakers any time this week I could reduce my puts 97% loss to only like 70%.  Pls and thank u.
No, just muliply it by 8 cuz of stock split then divide by 7 cuz of currency.
Thoughts on PLUG this week? 🔌
Fair point
These futures are preparing for a disaster. 😂
Just like AOL and Compuserve.  Internet is the future!  Literally can't go tits up!
MARS
Why would you buy puts when it averages up? I don’t get why puts would be preferable to calls
If we sell now we become one of them
[deleted]
ok calm down
i actually have 200 jan 2022 and 50 2023 and 50 jan 2021 as well for the 10 bagger
Only fans is not a career choice madam
Why is noone buying  wellsfargo, chase is already recovering wellsfargo will follow. You welcome retards.
Reminds me of early post ipo tesla. Everyone was giving the company so much shit because ev wasnt seen as viable. Now that ev is viable people have no other excuse than to say Gyna, ccp and shit. Bull or bear, monday's gonna open green.
Peanut butter and honey sandwiches when you want to have desert for lunch.
They have said they won't IPO, so it's a moot topic.

Starlink though . . . well the perfect ticker would be STNK.
It comes out next month not this week
[deleted]
That has to be sabotage
What if your manager asks for positive results
Well my 11/27 calls are going to be down... a lot
Yellen was a total dove, kept rates down for a long time.
Nah they probably forgot to
We should invent an ETF that tracks how right the WSB consensus is st predicting moves. See if the sentiment is right more (bullish) or bearish. The news would be based on the mods and cause huge spikes or sell offs.
Scary times i never want to do that again
I’m a day trader
Stonks
You are fake news
Why not SPCX?
It was low effort sarcasm. My apologies
I guess I've completely misjudged it
We thinking the short squeeze starts tomorrow or more downside?
What is Proud Boys? Is that the fandom for The Boys on Amazon?
What the fuck is wrong with you
IVR IVR IVR IVR IVR member when wsb pumped ivr in juuuune? all the way to 66666666? can we do it one mo time
And I have yet to have a company that doesn't anticipate business success...

If there was a list of all the casualties, published before the war, I doubt those guys would go. Everybody think they will be the one to make it.
[deleted]
Lord of the rings brah
[deleted]
[removed]
Ban
Okie wut, they sayin high of 310. Bruh that would make NIO a $400+ bill market cap. Please those Chinese luxury golf carts are not that worth for now or next 12 months
Oh okay thanks for clearing that up. Good to know if i hit the lotto 😂
How?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Aw. I’ve been holding these for quite a few months, was looking nice and shiny at its peak but the retardation really clicked and now I’m full blown
Or the shire, then in mordor.
Toss in a handful of chocolate chips and thank me later
Guaranteed over 200k of these are probably wash sales and disallowed loss unfortunately.
You prob still can't see the price action last week was a reason to sell those strikes. Your thought process is going to blow up your account
Short squeeze
Rebalancing
Report it for misinformation.
It was fucking crazy time
Ready aim Hold Fire 🔥 nio gang
*Mark. It's now or never*
You think anyone has ever faked amnesia after coming out of a coma just to collect disability?
Elon has the 'rona and is probably not taking it seriously so there's a 50/50 chance that we get some leaked photos of him in the ICU in about 2 weeks, or that he recovers and nothing bad happens.

There is no PR department left at Tesla so the news will be a literal leak or Elon shit-posting about how the pandemic is fake.  That is the only way we'll be able to tell.  What a wonderful company.
Futures
Highly recommend anyone interested in EV checks this company out.  Earnings coming up soon and I’m planning to buy more this week.
I'm only buying calls on tlt boi!
Nio bears when Nio hits $100: overvalued, Citron says it’s going back to $50
[removed]
No positions. Ban.
Times up
It’s fighting it’s way up, flat by the Chinese equivalent of market close
What would be the ticker if SpaceX IPOs? I mean it can't be SPCE as it's take... would have been perfect. Virgin Galactic should have been GLXY or something...
So your pussy caught covid?
🤷🏻‍♀️ that’s why there’s a play for each scenario
Ur a solid
Use a bidet or jug. Life changing.
[deleted]
Yup
What the hell does this mean.  Damn I'm no noob, I've lost $12,000 since July but still learning.  Still retarded though obviously.
when is JPOW going to print
Roblox
[deleted]
Yeah what if someone actually fucks your pussy
Nio about to fly away. Blue skies coming 💙
Yeah kinda the same thing selling a CSP vs selling a covered call. You might be able to maximize the return buying 200 shares on margin and immediately 2 atm calls because and than sell a slightly itm CSP to grt assigned and repeat the process
Bro I hear that!
My dog doesn't like whipped cream on his peanut butter.  Plus it makes my balls break out.
😭
A nice gym membership costs $150+ a month. But I get what you're saying. That's what I said too.
yah, this is something I'm learning now and it's so frustrating (patience).  Seeing wacky shit going on in the market and staying back.  Sucks when you see 2%-3% gaps over night though, but again, there's NO way to see those coming...
[deleted]
Citron literally said buy at $7.
I will be messaging you in 3 months on [**2021-02-16 03:58:45 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-16%2003:58:45%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/juqikx/index_investors_confirming_sector_rotation/gcgnkcw/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjuqikx%2Findex_investors_confirming_sector_rotation%2Fgcgnkcw%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-16%2003%3A58%3A45%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20juqikx)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Your poor pancreas
I ain’t selling
Nope not quite, multiply the HK price by 8 and then convert from HKD to USD to find our price
William Hung
If you don’t hit after 40 weeks then the bulls are onto something idk
I see what you did there. 😎
Roblox to the moon
Gyms shutting down again with new years resolution orders coming in.
#GOOD news everyone 

The rug pull is coming soon after the opening bell. Don’t get caught in the red wave.
Thanks man. These bears are getting pathetic. Did you notice the fucker left old ass $2 and $4 valuations? 🤦🏻‍♂️
Just use o7
Pats defense blows lmao
YOLO puts, you must.
Lol I do work from home. I just don’t even want to login to slack or do shit tomorrow
Serious about this if you send it in the next 30 seconds
I don't know, I've heard this time it's different.
7 min 7 points. 

The gentleman's point stands.
Well I Can’t find bullets anywhere; so hopefully soon. We gotta Get the good Lord to CTRL-ALT-DEL this bitch already.
Is this good or bad lmao?
What would have felt worse today: Betting on the cardinals or the browns to cover?
Well played.
There was vaccine news last Monday so it’s def priced in to an extent.
warrstreetbretz
I got 11/16 spy puts can we have a moment of silence
start smoking
If every paycheck you throw $1k at OTM SPY Puts 2 weeks out, eventually you’re bound to hit and turn that $1k into $20k
Like the billboards? Lol
The new super huge free trade agreement in south east Asia will be huge for BABA
Yeah i watching videos right now. Might stay up all night. I got so much riding on NIO my nerves are killing me. 😤😤😤

Honestly i might never move into options i been doing basic trading since 2013 but i knew the risk of doing any other trades so i stuck with buying low selling high. I just want to learn a little bit i guess
here's a salute emoji for your sister 🍆
>PTON girl had to get paid to fireback too

Well, never do something for free!
Jeez, what a cunt his ex is tough..
Hmm....I'll do a 3% stop trail but keep a tabs on Nio.
All i see is take the call money and run, got it
Calls. Duh.
Alright ya got me
Imagine not advocating for wfh. Smh
RemindMe! 3 months
Is China 10$ lower than USA? Like if its 251 its 261 in us?

I'm asking cause it said the high in china is 309 but on nose it says baba high was 319
[NIO CNN Forecast](https://money.cnn.com/quote/quote.html?symb=NIO)

Just posting to show analysts are all over the place... we don’t know what will happen.
maybe start an app that does that and place calls on yourself.
[deleted]
They try. Wsb thinks differently though
Hi, gay. I guess I'm Dad.
Bond king I knew you were autistic but not WSB autistic
Do you have a newsletter I can subscribe to?
[deleted]
Proud Boys need some buttplugs cuz they keep losing their shit
Gives a whole new perspective to borrowing money from the wife’s boyfriend.
Damn. When did you buy though? Looks like they’ve had a decent month?
My precious
Futures finally calming the fuck down...
Just as soon as the 🤡is done with TikTok...
Too early to tell. Check back in 9 hours
I'm about to get the same thing lol minus the salsa.
This guy fuks
How was tech doing before the pandemic?
PTON
I might pull the “oh fuck my pussy, I have covid. Sorry team I can’t work” because I don’t want to work tomorrow. I’m just worried if I actually get it will I be cucked lol
JD opens at 110 and I drown in my own semen.
Don't do that.
Nah they just want to load up of cheap shares.
read a take that the vaccines could be 100% usable, but the states are so underfunded that deploying it will be a nightmare. execs know this, scheduled the sale in advance. no foul
42.069?
premarket pumps are always low volume. so easy to manipulate stock moves after hours
\> he bought... dump it

他买了？ 转储它。

Chinese Bogg does not speak English.
Fuck off
TSLA gonna wake from its slumber for another 500% rally or what?
🥳🐂📈💸💸
[deleted]
Lamar is a shifty mfer
All mine expired Friday.
NIO 60 in Venezuela
https://www.barrons.com/articles/largest-u-s-pension-bought-up-ev-stocks-nikola-and-nio-and-zoom-51605441621

Last I heard CALPERS set up a $80 Billion margin leveraging deal right before the highest paid public employee in California resigned to go back to work with the communist government of China.
You need to be more best.
My prediction for spy tomorrow: somewhere between 300 and 375
The Palantir has never been to Mordor, the furthest it made was when Aragorn showed his face to it in Minas Tirith to bait Sauron to pull his forces away from Frodo and Sam
im down 1.2k and I rarely have losses, this week is either gonna kill me or make bank
Samesies. Since 13.
Go to ETNET and type in 9988, which is BABA
NIU. It’s literally NIO but with a U.

The U means scooters.
Yes but with honey instead of whipped cream.
🙌
I'm takin a shit as a read this.  Will use a whole roll just to be a dick.
in my pants
actually 251.2
$PTON 105.00 Calls EXP 11-20-20 are going to be 🌶
Yolo on calls!
Hey guys, just buy calls? Amirite? I mean I have no sense of danger, nothing bad ever happens. Just buy calls. Forever and ever and ever. Stonks only go up! Amirite! Just buy CALLS!!!!! CAAAAAALLLLLLSSSSSSS!!!!!!!
I prefer downstream but XLE January calls will do well with vaccine news through December and OPEC making cuts next week
TFW your state's pension fund is engaging in YOLOs to avoid a wave of municipal bankruptcies due to unfunded pensions.

California is going to be an epic shitshow for a while.
Great read.  Going all in with my life savings, 401k, and TD account
This is completely normal price discovery.....
Just buy options on 3x leverage etfs
I'm just happy to hear pro union talking points on wsb lol. 
Yeah, I'm not okay with a company randomly drug testing me so I ghosted them and haven't pursued it since. 
I think I'm quitting my job this week. I need a change.
REKT
🍆🍑
Sure. I have 10 NVDA puts for 550 11/20.
It's rumored he also said Xi is 吃软饭
Where do u see that?
Wait what ...
Rich people
This seems like a no-brainer play, which means it probably won’t work out. I’m holding some dec calls though so hope it does.
That shivering gaunt junkie can rim me any Wednesday night he wants
what's IPOB and whys it going up
Priced in
Im retarded, just tell me calls or puts
true
Actually 251
Shit
But 11/16 FDs
Sounds like you're Andrew Left's ex.
I’m 600 of the OI on PSX $75c for 11/20, down about $120k and hoping for a miracle this week with two batches of vaccine news if Moderna reports and Pfizer reports safety data
NQ is still trapped under the downtrend line. Need some news or it's going to wilt by open.
BABA is rising!!!
doesnt matter buy nio calls
[deleted]
this ombre gradient fucks, selling my wife and goin yolo on nio
Black Friday sales are likely to be lower than even the shit expectations they are gonna set. People are broke and if they aren’t broke they’re being told not to celebrate Christmas. No point in buying gifts.
Check out my fitness pal app. Makes tracking weight and food intake easy
Liar
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why is there no 'salute' emoji? Like a little face with a hand on the brow. We have about 500 fucking emojis and no salute emoji
Don’t want anyone believing clowns posting old data as if it’s current 😂
Thank you
is this a race thing?

or are you talking about semen?

what *are* you talking about?
We are all retards on this blessed ~~day~~ sub.
ZimBABAwe

Its priced in
Are u dumping at open
F
Winter outdoor pump - COVID numbers back.
Nio futures? Lol
I’d be careful about your calls with the spin off on Tuesday.
Lol
Yep. Sick to my stomach rn
I was rewatching the early GOT seasons recently and noticed that the guy who plays Steve is the second daario actor
You have a ton of work to do!  Get reading then start gambling
BABA 250. We started 246
Downloaded the yahoo finance app. Slick.
[deleted]
They use it for a lot more things than guys do.
Well I already bought back at 265 spot, so I'd sure like to see a gap-up. I'm guessing I'll have to ride a slow climb, but I'd sure rather ride from a green starting line.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nio bulls tomorrow

**URL:** https://redd.it/juzce9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juzce9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/NewtoInvesting_, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
AlwaysBlamesCanada
Thebush121
Anyone less retarded than me.... Is this volume not extremely low??

That massive initial green candle only has 1.7 K volume according to ToS app.

If course there just the SPY ETF, not sure if it has anything to do with futures themselves.
Chart looks like mine lmao. Imagine if we held throughout this pandemic
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Bangarang
I would call and ask if they have an SDBA
Yea Robinhood was for sure the problem. In all seriousness good luck man
Anybody else just eat peanut butter by the spoonful and put whipped cream on it?
NIO puts
Thats pretty fucking stupid.
It’s never going to happen
yup.....
its like shes cleaning out a chilli pot with oven mitts

tell her to carry around a tiny bottle of water like we do in iran
BABA up 8% in Zimbabwe??
What you wanna buy calls now citrus?
You gotta unlock the Red skin. I think it costs money though, not sure.
Fromunda
LOL
anyone have 11/16 SPY puts?
You partake? It's been recommended to me
Tencent...
[deleted]
Terrible
[deleted]
You can see the simp and cuck in that fucker from miles and miles away. Just a pathetic man from head to toes.
[deleted]
Bulls fuk?

https://www.google.com/amp/s/news.yahoo.com/amphtml/covid-19-lab-execs-sell-044519827.html
Oh Lawd .so there is WSB x10 on FB!?!
JD🚀🚀
I'm gonna ask...who is Kang gang
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Sony to the ISS!!! (The moon is too far)

**URL:** https://redd.it/juzdk3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juzdk3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/EL_Golden, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
RealAliveHuman
macaroni_island
Thebush121
What makes you say that?
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
“long AAPL”

-every boomer investor for the past decade
I read this as I'm vaping in my wife's recovery after giving birth room
What positions? Probably fine if its late in the year though
RIGHT THO
After much thought I have decided to upgrade NIO to a strong buy with a price target of $100. No further questions at this time thank you.
cuckold
TGT 11/20 strangle
Space X
Im 100% serious 😣😣😣 but looks like it is the same thing its call a put option and call option. It says so on investopedia. Hmmmm who would have thought
Those futures making me moist! Diamonds are for futures.
💀
WE WAS KANGZ
And bags of milk
Massive sales of consumer goods, busy travel season...  not as much on the travel this time round though.
Oliver Jackson Cohen is a fing snack
[deleted]
Rogue wave
The CCP wants to increase their global soft power. They're not gonna kill their biggest tech company over an elon-musk-tier gaffe. The whole world is watching, lots of US funds have heavy BABA positions. If the CCP actually kills BABA over this, they're pushing out foreign investment for the next 5 years.

The more likely scenario is that they don't want another Luckin. Alipay had a bunch of young people taking out loans. The CCP doesn't want the world to watch ANT implode. If anything, they've done this to protect investors and consumers.
make me
He is to busy getting as much money out of his base as possible for his super PAC. I wish there was a way to short it.
Poor guy, might join the Citron team myself.
any news? I got RCL puts dont get my hopes up man fck
Short fsr. Thank me later
Ban
My boy $COLM finna slide back up to 95
Idk how anyone can do no nut november, you must have some problem with your dick and balls to go that long.
Haha do you think the vaccine and uptick in cases are both priced in? Asking for a friend.
Who's this scrub?
who is kang
Diff vax cuz
lowkey it was nice. but that depends on market open tmw.

closed friday with shorting china tech and volatility calls.
What did you buy at
Bowl with extra steak, cheese, spicy salsa and guac.
Dayum! Bitch that shit nasty, fucking dirty slut.
Congrats man, you’ll be a millionaire next month.
Some people really just use the bathroom an absurd amount. 

Female roommate goes through literally 9 roles of toilet paper for every 1 that I use
TGT puts on Tuesday for 11/20 about $10 < the current price
Right? Let’s party
🙏
Dont remind me
What’s the best strike and date for aphria calls fellow stoners
Anyone out there with balls big enough to bag hold NVDA puts through earnings?
Microdose
currently frothing regardless.
haunting of hill house is good holy shit
Santa Clause rally is comin to town
😂🤔
Vag is always better than getting dicked down
Like 1 superoption = the leverage of 100 regular options? They would be expensive!
This tickled my pickle
Kang gang mayne
[deleted]
Amd too. Look at charts
NIO MOONING on Uranus. 

NIO $250+
Washington state, dumbass rain soaked state trying to name itself after a place people give a shit about to try and make itself matter
[deleted]
Lol. Ironic
I hope you’re trolling dude.
I'll have what he's having
always disappointing. Flat/3-4% up on ers
[deleted]
RIDE
does this mean calls or puts
Agreed. They’ve also allegedly won the bid to provide Apple with all the displays for their upcoming AR glasses, using their small-format OLEDs they use in their DSLR camera viewfinders. 

Conjecture, but, I suspect they’re going to be the ones to acquire Sonos soon. 

I’m all in since last month. 100 x SNE 01/15 $100C
[deleted]
Puts on Tik Tok
Cite your source
Why? They about to get Moderna vaccine pump
I live in enemy territory, so I’m fucked. Might live in the mountains 🏔 for a bit. Hunter and gatherer type stuff.
[deleted]
Winter is coming.  Thermostat sales are going to moon.
If 7 year olds could invest...ROBLOX to the moon. I’m 18 and I play it lmao
Lol so I was looking back to see how SPY typically trades in November. My puts are fuk.
😞 This was the day I started selling my body, again, all my tendies were gone
Screenshots or GTFO
there are options on triple weighteds
Biggest pension system in history is buying meme stocks
Next years growth is 30%
This is such a shit post man. Look at how long ago those $2 and $4 ratings were given you jackass. Just sell your puts early morning and be done with it.
This about it this way. If everyone is long, there's no one left to go long. Stonk not go up much more and maybe increased chance to gap down.

Edit: it's just one signal though but if you combine a low put to call ratio with other bearish signals then maybe a good time to put on some hedges just in case
Cuz of the druuuuugz
JD MORE UP
...you might want to get that looked at
This is not a current analyst target price graph 😂 pls remove this post.
He called him a 肏你祖宗十八代
Um... did one of those Wendy employees just show off a neck tattoo? Fuck it, I'm in.
Going to 60 after earnings and then these analysts will come rushing with upgrades. Fucking laggards
What about the 700k volume on 12/18 SPY $300P/$290P?

I think you're right about the melt up for no reason before the crash but I think it's coming sooner than we think
You like thinking about hard penises don’t you?
I can’t wait for this bubble to pop and you all to lose everything so I can stop hearing about this dumb shit
But i thought options was somethings else? So you telling me puts and calls is options
I feel ya. Stars need to align for us.
What? I'm just looking for an edge
I have no doubt BABA gap up tomorrow from this Cepacol bullshit or whatever the acronym is, but otherwise i'd say see if 257 is indeed a level.
Of course he is, but he’s on the side of the US. Dude is like 80 and has endless energy
Same except I got fatter. Starting diet tomorrow ripped by june
Pink
ZM calls let’s go lockdowns
As a bear I got calls and I have to say. I love it more.
Literally down about the same. Gonna YOLO $20k on Friday and hope for the best.
Whatchu talkin bout Willis? Dude Hatin on missin that runup and now he looks like a fool while NIO is about to crack $100+
it's like a dividinner, but no tendies on the menu.
Cock suck NIO
That fat fuck doesn't know what he's doing. Chances are he'll forget about it.
Very touchy subject around here
[removed]
ahhhh gotcha
Any new news
you gotta feed the geese to keep the blood flowin
Right???!! What the absolute fuck man.
[deleted]
JD is a goddamn powerhouse, idk why anyone bets on that shit stock BABA. Xi literally hates Jack Ma with a passion, on a personal level. Probably looking to replace his arrogant ass, if not the company as a whole.
We need options on options

Imagine a stock goes up 10%
The option goes up 100%
The option on option goes up 1000%!
You win
I honestly think it's possible. The amount of retards I see on facebook investing groups saying to BUY IT NOW is insane atm.
For real though the Nikola buy is sad as hell like... no wonder people stay broke.
Is there another way to trade?
Brown
Anyone have any insight as to how HD performs right before and after earning in general?  Mucho gracias
lmfao at the downvotes on the OP
Same as the AirBNB IPO
Buddy stop overreacting to news before it solidifies, we get it you have puts.
My plan is to wait for them to submit for EUA. Should be happening sometime this week. Even a dollar bounce would do me
In this market, TRUCK YEAH!!
He is. It's even crazier that FBI, DHS, and state department all look the other way
Nah - we already have one good vaccine. Anything additional is just icing on the cake at this point
After extensive dd i have determined that his spac will be acquiring palantir, the software company
Russia? But I hear you
Yepp
That means its going to $60
NIO is The One.
🙏
Is tomorrow red or green?
No...he just has a very fragile ego
I got shares at 21 - might buy a call tomorrow morning as well.
If you want upvotes, you just gotta type a noun, a verb, and Nio
Can I be 9th?
u gain the covid "19", eh?
lol you degenerate
why?
So trump is going to kill our boy nio huh
Rip brotha
[removed]
BABA UP
Fucking up at rolling a joint, been using vapes/bongs for so long I forgot how to roll a goodie.
Dont. Doubt. Your. Vibe.
I don’t think so.
its going to dust Sir
Employee compensation charges.
There is a whale fight going on somewhere in the ocean.
Wb solo?
INTERESTing
IWM or TNA
It's priced in yo
[deleted]
A time past right now
I rolled mine out to January. I’m just tired of looking at them everyday.
If he wanted a real fuck you he would make her fed chair again. But she would want to raise rates and ain't nobody have time for that rn.
I’m talking about the people posting on here.
They said to but at $7 man and sell later. Now they are short. Get the facts straight homie.
Smoke cum with the boys
Anyone ever trade while tripping on acid?
$4k would be insanity, too bad you cant buy at that strike price, max is what, $900?
Baba recovering
If Moderna vaccine shits the bed, so will the market.
Do not yolo it on earnings Jfc
Wtf? It was up 9% the day after earnings
Lol.  Being on the shit list of the most powerful ruler of China since Mao is bullish?
Chinese consulate
You mfs remind me of a penis.... right when it gets hard the white starts to show
[deleted]
My coworker bought CCL at 38. RIP
[removed]
Let’s all compare profits at the end of the session
Andrew left made 700% gains on shares, and then dropped the price by 26% while making money on it, to buy at a lower price the next week...dudes kind of a savage. Type of shit a beta cuck with a micro peen would pull so makes sense 😂
Put it all on eow IPOB calls. Easiest 50k+ you'll ever make.
Lol, I'm probably going to sell it just to ride the nio rally that's monday and tuesday.
Nio puts right at the bell
Nio to the moon??
Google
Instantly.  You bet on black and it’s red and now you have 0.  Except nobody tells you it’s red.
Well now we all have a lot to think about tonight. Now hurry up and drop those fries before the Wendy's bar rush comes in
Wednesday?
What do you do for a living?
I say NIO pump on Monday and Tuesday. Wednesday correction in which you take out a student loan buy the dip and retire in 5 years
buy side analyst ratings means absolute dogshit. They're even bigger autists than us
u r fuk
[removed]
Bond futures aren’t buying the pump, should be an interesting open
U r no my child sorry.
[deleted]
Oh so u can lose money 🤔😕
What the fuck kind of post is this
Aye only 10 more hours until we know our fate my friend
Oil companies? Oil as a commodity? Tankers? What?

And since when was fear good for oil except in the case of Middle East war?
BABA almost green Poggers
For being Canadian
I don't gove a fuck. After reading this, I'm putting every last penny I have into sony calls tomorrow morning and there's nothing you can do about it.
Living with your sister like a little bitch....that poor dog needs to be rescued.
This post is so gay
Puts on CCL and NCLH
Because now it is on Pizza
😒
No Pussy don’t let these morons scare you
I'm afraid your put has mental health issues
UK EV news over the weekend. EV stocks will gap up through the roofs. GG my SOLO puts
Maybe maybe not
Back to even in HK btw
Ill sell you all calls
This is the kind of DD I come here for
Yes!
yes, if u send me a pallet of coffee crisps
There is no way to lose money as fast as fast moving options.  Go read up.
Small caps are at ATH and have the most inflated P/E out of all the indices
how you feel about a june 300 call?
I have tried to ask Cramer, called daily for weeks with no luck. Going to keep trying tho, doing anything I can to pump the stock to save my own ass.

Im bullish, but do not see any new catalyst coming for this stock. New console refresh and holiday sales wont be enough imo.
How do you know tesla will be included this time though?
[deleted]
Don’t worry, bro. Just transfer more money. See, it’s that simple.
Yeah it said “BABA fucked, homie on WSB always right”
One likes cock and the other one happily likes cock
I am so happy I have a deep understanding of algos
I picked up 16c 11/20 last week
does it even trade in hk?
Its a progression
iono but im selling nuts
[deleted]
Kang gang about to come out of nowhere
Which side will you be on?  Also which states will be neutral?  I'm looking for state equivalent of switzerland.
who the fuck not strokin it
My point is to actually play this week’s earnings. I’d much rather bet on retail and e-commerce than speculate with NIO.
They were real tears bro
We can do it at my house my mom will make us some pizza rolls
> My current positions 269.32 shares amd AMD covered call sales @ 85 exp. 11/20 

Your account balance is $11,576.48.

269.32 shares of AMD @ $81.43 = $21,930.73

$11,576.48 != $21,930.73

You don't have 269.32 shares of AMD.
How is BYND worth half of Tyson WTF??
I believe the correct spelling and pronunciation is Shitron
XLE or nah?
[removed]
I have very similar plays
what were the small companies that went up that day ??
Imagine not being able to imagine imagining
Maybe it's just the make-up?

https://img1-ps.adultdvdtalk.com/10dd0428fb604331adad4750e7cdc
BEAT IT NERD. Let’s fucking rideeee 🚀🚀🚀
Reading is fo suckas i learn hands on diving head first  😂 🤑🤑🤑🤑
At least he did the research for us showing that he wrote that piece to purpose knock the EV stocks down. I wouldnt doubt he bought at the knife and is planning on tripling his earning before IV crush.
Got frisked. The typical shake and bake play
Just had a crazy feeling... It's gonna be red dildo tomorrow
Imagine imagining
priced in
GetOFFredditnow8505
Calls on $KMB https://twitter.com/joeveyera/status/1328181881230114818?s=21
Alright, we'll see.
Prison! What!?
MRNA success still pumps because a lot of countries/places have orders through MRNA as well pending success..
[deleted]
you people have been saying this for months. "you people" = SPCE bag holders. SpaceX is in another league.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Moderna vaccine is going to be 91% effective and their ceo will sell 6.8 million worth of shares the day of announcement just to one up Pfizer on both accounts
:( I'm fucking your positions tommorow
All the people
Wait until January.
\*mammāle
what's the difference?
Nope
17.70
Nerd, but yes buy
This reminded me of last Monday. Hopefully its not the same.
who the fuck buyin puts
1500 shares am I allowed to join?
Fuck a recession. Sergio gonna be alright
F
Are Private student loans (sallie Mae/navient) being considered in any contexts or just federal student loans?
I am and it says it’s way oversold
Jesus Christ go read up
Dude it's a scam. 

They get ridden hard with impossible targets and so to keep up, many of them end up taking meth. 

The worst is when they rent to own thier trucks and are on the hook for all repair costs while also having to make a monthly payment. 

However, they then are put into what are essentially bidding wars against others just like themselves creating a crab bucket situation. 

It would be hilarious if it wasn't so sad.  The only way truckers will ever make money again is if they unionize and drive up freight rates. 

Trucking died with Regan. Back before he showed up and declared war on them, a guy with a high school education could join up at the local Teamsters union and make the equivalent of 100k a year after 5 years. 

Now they are lucky to crack 40k and they're still on the hook for their own health insurance. 

Better to get a job with UPS as a driver. Your knees will die out in 15 years but you'll make 60k and get a decent pension.
CEOs are usually careful when making forward looking statements. Then there's tech.
Source?
[deleted]
guys which one is more challenging

no nut november or no put november
If only life were that easy. :( ; quick, what are the next powerball winning numbers ?
Your dad’s dick
So same ol’ shit then?
New policy by mods to encourage DD posts. I like the change - it seems to be leading to more DD posts
Are you Dale Gribble?
Biden forgives you my friend
Jagmeetard will because he’s a retard
Imagine?
I too make my investing decisions based off what people on WSB do.
All speculation rn: https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-student-loan-cliff-threatens-120029993.html
It makes repub gov more unlikely to do lockdown to avoid confrontation with Trump
metro boomin want some more
[deleted]
Ma retired from baba over a year ago so...
Puts on put options is bullish. Calls on call options is bullish. Therefore, 🌈🐻 r fuk
I heard this \^\^\^ sang my Michael Jackson  -- now it's stuck in my head
Context moron.
see if in-service rollover is allowed in your plan. google it
Why wouldn't it be?
Look at Jack Ma's head
Literally the front page of Thursday's  WSJ
MRNA on deck
Imagine a unicorn but with a dildo for a horn
Probably not but would be cool.
💋
Like gay gay or happy gay?
Right now you can take advantage of the CARES act and withdrawal from your 401K penalty free up to 100 K.

Load that up into ToS and make mad $$$
They won’t destroy BABA, if anything they’d put their own guy in to replace Ma worst case scenario
and 99% will recover
Whats nio in hk
From people familiar with the matter.
[deleted]
he is talking about spy, the good stocks move at 1-2%
Iowa is going TP loco again and Instacart is paying better than my wife's engineering job
You mean the vax pump that already happened? Lol it's priced in now cuz
https://www.boredpanda.com/friday-youtube-anniversary-rebecca-black-emotional-tweet/
Solid criticism for my DD. But you have to remember, NKLA have had no products to show for, whereas, PLTR has already proven itself in some spaces(defence, oil, fraud detection etc) and is rapidly moving into other spaces.

So, I think it’s a solid company in the long run and in the short run the rush by institutional investors would help it.

If it starts to enter into all the various ETFs, that alone would be enough for a move to the upside in a big scale.
how you gonna talk shit with only 12k 😂😂😂😂😂
biden canceling?
not asking for full forgiveness just 50%
Someone give me something to imagine
Your sister when she's stoned
For those that don't read squiggles, the rest of it says he is taking these steps because Biden is a Chinese puppet basically.
What’s the newsss
That’s why I went on diet in may. Figured I could get ripped by the time I went back to office. Now I’m not in the office until June so I’ll be fully shredded by then
Maybe pretty soon since WSB so hard for Nio where was everyone when it was $2?
There is no specific rule. The CRA keeps it very vague by design. You can find some guidelines by searching for "cra TFSA business income" but you will not find a definitive answer.
Same
👍
im still glued cause I wanna see that 400+
$48.20

I was talking about NIO
It's already started, impact just hasn't been felt all that widely yet.
[removed]
I heard a company has to be somewhat profitable or some shit to go public in their markets. Many tech companies would rather come to US for fewer regulations
If it pumps modestly that dude still makes money 🤷‍♂️
Mazel tov
Pandemic saved Peloton
A bear
not until february
Def gonna get some calls.
Eat less you fat fuck
Not technically.. using the 14 period daily timeframe RSI is 34 but if you have enough for 3 months out i'd definitely be a buyer at these levels, we may have already found a level at 257.
Don’t worry they won’t! 🚀
[deleted]
ZM earnings
Pajama traders know the vaccine pump is coming hence /NQ randomly dropping while Dow just chilling
That’s my bet. This melt up will create a blow-off top that when it starts crashing will be moving too fast to stop.
I like how Ark is bitching about it. Shouldn't have made the deal id you are going to complain when it gets exercised.
What is the WH going to do? File a few hundred more frivolous lawsuits?
Hahaha fucktards. Your stonks are on the up and up. But it’s oils turn for the next few days.
Ty for reminding me of that 😄
It ain’t green enough I wanna see some 2% gainz
think pltr runs to 20 this week?
Username checks out.
Proof or Ban #RemindMe
Rally first 20 minutes after the bell before strong profit taking, dip gets bought up, rebound bleeds off til 2pm before another fake rally, which sells off into close. Or not.
Good bod, but her face is kinda weird
I guess I’m gay
Glad you’re so sure
Calls. Wouldnt want to bet against that company
>Bull trap.

bull trap since march lol
Just follow WSB herd and buy NIO. Can’t go tits up.

Edit: NIO is old news. CIIC and PLTR 11/23
Those PUTS were up 45% at the peak the following day.
... get the fuck out...
volume is fake, losses are real
[deleted]
No, the short interest is going up, hedge funds are doubling down
I yoloed Pfizer. We rise to Valhalla or sink to the abyss. At least we did it together.
Yeah its under /pol I think
Jack Ma in a very public forum shit on CCP financial regulators and the banking system.  

The ANT IPO was cancelled by Xi himself.  

BABA is fucked until Ma publicly grovels and gets raped by the  CCP
Was only 3k in on pm though
I'm cleaning my desk. 

Already filled up the wastebasket with stuff I thought I might need in the future, but now I don't care about.
He got me. Made me look.
Leeches don’t make money but 1-8 million more paying subscribers will. They don’t all have to pay, only the strong ones will.
Yeah - I think this flair is set up to be the date you were banned (YYMMDD:# of days banned: number of times banned)
[deleted]
it would have been interesting if the democrats won the senate, but now republicans are just going to block all the silly socialistic ideas that the democrats try to push
RemindMe! December 18, 2020 “retarded yolo”
He’s a good boi‼️
btw rebecca black turned out to be a baddie
Dunno but hope so, miss the man cave vibe
Positions? Or DM me so they don’t take on the WSB curse
Sauce?
Shit's about to get interesting real fast on student loans in January/February
Hey your life may be shitty, but at least you’re not Jack Ma rn
lol this 2017?
>We are in the midst of a global pandemic 

how to spot a moron
SE earnings maybe
Only real fraud here was Andrew Left's altar vows to Andrea, before her finding out he couldn't hold an erection.

Dude literally tried to tank Chinese Elon for vengeance.

Where's the fraud Citron?!
With a vaccine the end of the pandemic is in sight so money is starting to move back into small caps.  Idk just my theory.
lol dis the real top comment
Work at 7 bud.
Partly vaccine pump. But mostly because the small cap is not reffering to mom and pops. These are still(mostly) multi billion dollar companies that will be relatively fine.
Just move to Japan with 10k dollars
BE price?
Keep following Citron if you want... You would have sold NIO at $7 and been crying like a bish like Andy Leftnut. 

NIO $250+
i gained way too much weight over COVID. fukkkkkk
Fuck it. I believe you
No I was trading luv then sold covered calls at 46 when stock was at 48 closed out calls when it got to 44 and sold it all. Then used that to get into pm and options in pm flipped those when up 60% then rolled everything into amd
President XI
No it isn’t
Someone has 99% of their net worth in 11/20 puts
Yields increasing = good for banks
Shepherd Smith here thanks for watching CNBC
Which ones where those little green dots?
👀
Uber doesn't give a fuck, they take 30% from the restaurant too
whens the crash, january?
1% of 10k is still 100 regardless of if I have 3 shares or 3000 tho

If it becomes a 50B MCAP company I get a 3x ROI

AAPL had days where it added 100B to its cap, simultaneously. Though that was a clear as day sign of the top
I just need my Netflix calls to print I’m fucked
What'd you get from chipotle?
There’s a wsb 4chan?
We will see. Not sure such a run up is in the cards for them.
Bears truly are in shambles
Good luck!
[deleted]
Hopefully soon because then my portfolio will increase
Gotta get down tooo theeeee bus stop
Yo this CEO called Xi Jinping a 'clown' and is now serving 18 years in prison.

Consider Jack Ma dead right now. I don't think anyone realizes how serious this is.

BABA 📉 $0
priced in
Nah, it's all good, I still see a little green 

/s
What exactly did you do to get banned that long?
Fags
I miss when he had people pretending to do work on novelty size giant ipads in the background
Made a comment suggesting Trump was not a smart man.
Remind me! 5 days
There’s a post on front page.
https://twitter.com/business/status/1328180000844034048?s=19


Yellen didn't really make alot of waves iirc.
Mina Moon. New to the industry. Thank me later.
We will moon tomorrow! Shit coin is mooning! 🚀
The magic crayons have spoken. All hail the magic crayons.
Call me maybe?
It good for her bro. Her happiness should make you happy. Dont be so selfish
I believe I will be a millionaire some day
Dropbox
Vaccine is a nothing burger. We’re like a year out of the data is even right

Vaccine is very good for my social life but very bad for my portfolio
I'm going to sleep. Defend my calls from the bears please.
Who buys deep ITM calls?
Guessing that dude who would type in all caps and make almost incoherent posts about Tesla calls got wiped out
Odd fraction are you just rolling all your wheel premiums into more amd position?
Oldies but goldies
&#x200B;

so?

\-the market
Reinfection rate less than 1%
Why isn’t there an auto skip intro option on streaming platforms? Like give me a setting so it just skips. I don’t want to have to pick up the remote to skip a show intro ever 20-40 minutes.
[deleted]
[deleted]
why doesn't nio trade in china
Earning not started yet. Buckle up and chill
Sharon Lee
I felt a little low-energy for a couple of weeks.
Trump is a bitter old loser. 

“Trade wars are easy to win.” 

Backed out of the TPP day one of his presidency and today China Japan Australia New Zealand and ASEAN signed the biggest trade deal this decade and excluded the US because he is a fucking clown.
WTF man. You're fucked up, and I like it.
1.88 hoohah
2018 highs too! Big
PLTR
Gotta have my bowl, gotta have my cereal
I bought some last week. 2700 volume the day I did. 99,007 open interest for those contracts btw.
Do people actually give a shit about futures? The amount of times ive seen them green only to open up red is enough. It's like seeing live odds for your team when they're up then checking back in and you've already lost
/biz/ wants to have a word with you
That’s basically in line with me
[deleted]
More - just look at the gamble that SoftBank tried with NASDAQ call options
Those green dots were my puts
That's what my urologist said!...?
Hey thats funny. Republicans are anti union so guess they will just be replaced by scabs. Cya.
2k what should I bet on guys
i think they gonna blow it outta the water next ER. no promotions so margins will be healthy. i could picture it as the perfect practical holiday gift. who wants to spend money on fashion stuff when there is no where to go? lulus and pton gonna be on fire this season.
Volatility is the mother of gains.  Even if you ~~guess~~ predict the wrong direction just hold it a little longer and you'll be back in the green.
JD got ma balls tinglin for tomorrow. 😍
Shares. Bought in Friday.
You are reading it wrong the chaos is gone. Vaccine coming, election over, stimulus talks renewing soon. We all knew corona would get worse in the fall, vaccine means there's an end in sight now too. Very bullish rn.
Middle US states are fuk either way. They either lockdown now, or they blow out their hospitals next month. This is really the last chance for a lot of states to not go full El Paso
I don’t even know what that means.
Watching football. I lost well over a $1000 today so far. Literally every bet I made lost. Fucking hail marry by Arizona cost me $500 alone. Doubled down and put 1000 on the Ravens and over 43.5.
None because a $1 move in share price equals 1.88 B gain in market cap so the price won’t move very high. That’s the whole point...😂
It's like 10 pm
[removed]
Where to find upcoming week earnings now?
Word of advice, quit shorting. You ain’t gon make shit.
[deleted]
It's Friday, Friday.. gotta get down on Friday
the beyonce strategy is ingenious. they in effect appeal to woke suburban women who feel good about the idea that the $3000 stationary bike company is ostensibly appealing to black women
Jasmine grey
Someone give me a 5-bagger. It's my birthday on Wednesday and the gf just texted me she'll be on another week-long yoga retreat with Rafael. She always comes back in an amazing mood which is great for our relationship but right now I'm lonely.
Is that the game I spend $40 bucks on every month for my kids? I’m sure millions of parents doing the same. #fomo
Bruh I literally just said to buy calls what about that is bearish 😂
This is how the game works. You bet small and you make some impressive gains. Then confident you can do it again you get margin, cash your 401k, use all your equity and then proceed to get wiped out. Give it some time.
Right before vaccine release?
Idiotic. I have a 12/8 132/172 strangle for a little premium on the side. Always have a few on, but that election night fuckery really ripped a few to shred. Still plenty of time, but damn. JPow say, ‘No shorts, no premium selling. You’re long or we’ll destroy u!’ Okee, then Mr. Powell. 💀
How do i pm on reddit 🤔
Explain
Alina li
Oh fuck
[deleted]
[deleted]
mega fugged
Does anyone have any idea how IWM is breaking out past all time highs?? We are in the midst of a global pandemic where small cap companies are most effected and bankruptcies are soaring. What is going on???
If you're not over 50 they most likely won't have early withdrawal allowances consult your plan documents each 401(k) plan is unique.
So I’ve been making a good amount of comments about the market melting up, but I want to keep posting them so as many people as possible in this sub will see it. We’re about to melt up past SPY 380. There’s no reason for it except technicals and indicators, which in a bubble are the only things that matter. The only stocks to play in this final melt up are hyped up stocks like PLTR and NIO. If you’ve bought leaps on a stock at or near it’s ATH, sell those. Best bet is to scrape some profits from this melt up before we crash and enter an actual recession. When we crash next, there won’t be a v-shaped recovery. SPY 380c 12/18
So when does the civil war start? 🍿
Link? Don't doubt you but wanna see
All good bro just work back to recovery slowly. 💪
How far stretch your asshoe 🌈🐸 ?
Anyone betting on CSIQ earnings this week?
She never did porn 🤦🏻‍♂️
does wsb think bears play weekly puts every day or something
so uh how are my 356p for tomorrow looking?
That flair is your prison tat. Shows your ban date and duration, i think.
Is anyone a bigger Chad than Dustin Johnson? I feel like he is the dictionary definition of Chad.
Don’t be a hero
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
Don't change a thing.  Keeping doing what you're doing.  Your turn will come.
Don't you guys have multiple accts for this shit?!
#GOODNIGHT NIOLAND!
I still have my 2022 $25. I bought three weeks ago. It's up 125% though it was up 200% Friday morning. Had I bought a 3 month contract I'd be up 1000%....
[deleted]
Cut losses
Probably TQQQ
Muy
Sorry.  Hope this wasn’t your retirement
I wonder what would happen if Bloomberg found the 4chan channel. Would they be more or less retarded than us?
MRNA calls back in play?
Never said fraud just outrageously overvalued. They'd be lucky to sell 150,000 cars next year yet they're valued more than companies that sell millions a year.
honestly dude i’m 18 and if this goes south then i can literally kiss my kidneys good bye cause this is my college money and if my parents find out i’m fucked
Yeah I’m a little bored with the consolidation. Never sold options before but I have more than enough shares to do covered so I may mess with it.
Jealous
The guy that looks like Jack Ma
[removed]
@ SEC, you gotta look into this
Yeah so a $1 move in the share price is 1.88 B added to the market cap. So the share price can’t move as high, and that’s how you, the investor, make money.
Too many big words to follow, got confused. Ended up buying 200 caps @$20 and 500 masks @$3 from the PLTR store.. gonna rake in the cash when the value goes up.. am I doing this right
I guess so. Now I'm noticing a bunch of others with similar flair ha. But yeah it was 35 days which honestly was excessive for just making a comment that roughly seemed like political commentary. Mods are drunk on power.

Probably getting banned again for this huh
NIO's rebounding tmmrw. Will be green forsure.
I don’t know why people listen to them
But you're seeing how much the market approves of this biden victory though, right? That's all that matters.
Hmm. Interesting. I'll have to see if I cant come across those docs. I almost went into it about two years ago. Couldn't pass their drug screen. Wasn't too keen on being randomly tested, either. Their recruitment ads are quite enticing to a lowly poor like myself.
Not completely there still is a chance. *Lloyd Christmas voice. 🥴
[removed]
I believe having it doesn’t give you immunity from an another infection
Every current manufacturer can pivot to EV. In fact, they're all doing so, but only reluctantly as there is no way money to be made in the sector unless you're a meme name like TSLA. If a Chinese manufacturer manages to break through in Europe, I'd be extremely surprised.
Probably. Or 11/27.
Idk but calls on most of us having larger tits than her after this pandemic
Rip city
The only interesting state is Ohio. R gov but one of the first to lock down. Its looking more and more like D govs are going to go hard lockdown again and R govs are going to stay open.  Who knows who will be right in 6/18/36 months.
Where can I check the current BABA price?
Holding straight tech so praying for lockdowns and covid numbers to go up

What have I become
Right now PLTR is only in Saruman's tower. Buy in now. Next year it will be in Mordor
But I’m the best
Baba started 246. 249 now. If it hits 251 I dont want to hear bitching, the gap will fill by morning.

I dont think baba will POP but I think its oversold. 270 by friday
Neurallink says otherwise
Is there a specific rule/regulation that says that if your tfsa is over X amount you have to pay tax? Because that is bullshit if you have to pay tax on a big win
when it's too late
Mods was gettin mad apparently. Lol
brenda song
It’s awesome because everyone hates Antifa
That guy that looks like Jackie Chan
will find out and let u know lol
I think tomorrow will get considerably greener after Biden talks about economic stimulus tomorrow afternoon.  What Bull ETF would net the best returns on a day trade?
[deleted]
Blood fucking red dildos are gonna rape all you gay bull assholes. Imagine being bullish here.
Im sellin tomm if green
Bought baba at 285 is it a lost cause ,  with new sanctions pending and Biden unlikely to reverse . Cut losses or wait for a rebound.
In the last few years it was major news if the market moved more than 1% on a day. These days it's normal.
I lived in Miami during my last year in high school. I was riding the bus to school one morning before the sun was up and just happened to look out the window and see a shuttle launch. It looks a lot different from Miami! It just looked like an extra-bright, extra slow shooting star from here tonight. Still cool as hell.
I love it how you guys call owning retarded lottery options based on nothing but blind faith a “portfolio”.
Low pull contest. Right meow lets go
[deleted]
I thought everyone here just buys NIO and TSLA calls and lives in big mansions after making big profits?  

Why did you stray off course?
Dollars are like chromosomes, you need less than 46 to truly be retarded
Got eem
Didn't he say the new studio is a placeholder for when they get a more permanent spot?
Oh yeah
Same
You’ve still got nearly 20% to lose, it ain’t over
ur ban tag
Good for my options
It’s the same pension fund that bought NKLA. They’re probably one of us and lose all their money with the wsb yolos
Still think there will be a good opportunity to grab puts at around 52-55 tuesday
Wouldn't widespread usage put an end to this sub?
I’d also like to know
You're going to unlock the new 0.01 high score
Prison tattoo.

Date of prison:sentence:stints served
I can help you with that
How so
With WH pushing back against state lockdown more good news for markets.
I am too, and that’s a genius move. All you need is your Xbox/ps/pc and a monitor, housing is over rated
*loses 10k

At least i can post on WSB and get some karma! 🥴
You rocking 11.16s - any later 355 still has good chance of printing
[deleted]
ur ban tag
for 3 years yes. then it will 10x again in one year like it did this year.
buy fcx shares and leaps
[deleted]
Toyota has made the same number of cars for years and they have almost zero room for growth. Even if they release a new car that everyone likes, it doesn't add much value. If you buy 1000 shares now, it'll grow a little over a few years. Great.


Tesla is still growing. They can apply new technologies, make more cars, come up with new batteries, etc. There's room for growth.


And NIO...they only sell cars in China and only trade in the US. If you buy 1000 shares now, you'll get huge returns in the next few years because they'll start selling in SE Asia, Europe, etc. People are investing in potential value, not so much current value.
Who’s the hottest Asian porn star?
Pltr shit the bed the day if its earnings, rolled around in its shit all day then proceeded to shit itself further later in the day.

Don't really see why NIO would do anything different given its meteoric rise over the past 3 months.
I'm happy to collect a few hundred bucks with my STO puts.
Banned for 5 weeks? What did you do?
Lmao link me and I’ll go spy for us
Almost
I've sniffed a lot of shit but in all my days only stonks continue to get me higher
Yo these proud boy vids are mad wild. Funniest part is barley any got arrested
Congrats
[deleted]
Cheaper than I'd thought. Bet volume is shit though
What’s wrong with baba?
KongStreetBets
All this bear talk make me want to go bullish
[deleted]
I just own a few hundred shares and sell CCs to collect premium, especially since IV is flying high. Market does seem to expect bigger moves, but playing purely options with GME was always just dumb.
are my ddog calls going to be worthless?
NKLA doesn't even have a car though....not really the same situation. And even still, total fraud company still fucked over bears.
Interessante 🤔
Fuck it split em
Someone didn’t have a childhood
Nah, you have to make it to a consistency where you can chew the grounds
Moderna vaccine reports likely this week.  All in on cruiselines.  CCL, RCL for the Vaccine pump
Why would it go back to normal? The virus would still be around a few weeks later shithead
[you can check the chinese market here. but remember there is a slight difference because the NYSE has ADS, which is not the same](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcrrUuRoWT4&ab_channel=SocialismDoneLeft)
This is the most peaceful I’ve ever felt about futures I’m only checking like every 30 minutes when normally my eyes are glued
5 SE calls left. If we're big green at open I'm out of the game and on the sidelines for this week. Other than some PLTR plays.
We just bought one last week and they're back ordered until January. I'm buying shares.
Dreamboat
Citron nuthuggers will say NIO is a fraud but, a fraud worth $25 a share. Fucken clowns 😂
This is the best DD I’ve seen yet.
400k SPY $300P 12/18

290k SPY $290P 12/18

>just a hedge
Ok? And a 15B MCAP

If AAPL can pump full ass percentage points a day for weeks I'm not worried at all about something 1% of its size
Stfu it’s ev you fool. I’m not a garbage man, I’m in waste material logistics.
Where the bears that banked hard ?
I think it'll take off again soon.. barring the market falling.. I have 4 June $450c's
Buy NIO calls. Heck buy any calls tomorrow!
[deleted]
Please ban again
I meant broken in the 1980s. There are several documentaries about truckers that are pretty much indentured laborers especially if they don't own the trucks outright.
Wsb rotation into PTON?
itd be nice if some of our chinese bros could let us know whats going on in chinastreetbets. i heard there really is one...
And SOLO?
Buy lucken coffee
[deleted]
Sounds like a plan brother. 


https://imgur.com/gallery/7DFeZBP positions between my two brokerages
Been there buddy
Lol, Zoom.  That's totally going to double mang.
Citrons short reports are usually based on finding fraud. All they could find for Nio was “overvalued and Tesla might lower prices”

Weakest shit I’ve ever heard
maybe a little
I’m batta bust
At least 30% of you unironically believe SPCE and SpaceX are the same company.
That’s the plan!
Shit coin is mooning
It’s hard to not be at least a little 🏳️‍🌈🐻for Ackman.  He made some YouTube video years back about basic investing concepts and I was watching it thinking damn I bet this well dressed dreamy bastard wrecks so much pussy.
Why the hell would the market care about a vaccine that needs freezing. Point is it’s coming. Don’t philosophize your position. Same shit happened in March lows.
under $200
All 🌈NIO🐻will be going long on $ROPE after their puts burn tomorrow
[deleted]
Market will get propped up for anticipation of MRNA news. Lockdowns might just be noise at this point, but could definitely bring us down a bit in the weeks to come. Watch SPY and see if it can hold 358 or so.
How do I play it, excluding buying the ore
You're right... I'd better buy more if there's that many!
[deleted]
If I was 400K in the red I'd have my do not disturb feature on as well. On a serious note, sorry for your loss
[deleted]
Word I took 17.5c for may
Shitty. But at least my puts are for 12/18. Oh besides a weekly 355p I bought
Guys I flipped my phone upside down. Much better now
Yeah so the market cap increases greatly with even small movements in the share price aka the price won’t move as high as people think
Im not sad because my SPY 355p is worthless now. The other option I was going for is BABA 270c. So either way my account would have been gone tmrw so there it is.
is TSLA just going to hang out at a little over $400 forever?
I told myself I'd try something he said to do but by the time I got to the bottom I forgot what it was, and once was enough so I basically didn't read it.
Holy shit - does your flair mean it was a 35 day ban?
This sub is wallstreetBETS not wallstreetINVESTMENTS
They need to sort out how to produce more bikes but that’s about their only problem rn
This stock dips on earnings then starts its move to 200 by 2025 with some down swings. Cannot imagine a cut to 25. Too bearish. Maybe not though! God speed! 

My positions (split between two brokerages obviously) 


https://imgur.com/gallery/7DFeZBP
Thoughts on small caps going forward? I feel like we might be approaching a point of diminishing returns given the run up that large cap growth has had this year. Looking at TNA calls
Crazy to me how people just don’t care. Selfish fucks
[deleted]
ban
Fair, but you also can't file bk and get rid of them. Your bookie could die
yo chill 🤫
it does if you knew the full positions of the option holders. but you dont so it doesn't. SPX puts are used alot for hedging for example. Which means they are net long but is technically a bearish read on the ratio.
Hasn't hit the news yet, but Palantir, like SpaceX, is vital to national security. Failure is not an option, and it will never be allowed. TLDR: You are correct.
it was a bad snap
Intuitions never said they are going long.  Retard. Yes, as an institution I would look for new stocks that can grow fast and dump. In this case, if I were an institution  I would replace some of my defense stocks with PLTR.  It isn't going to be a "millionaire" maker stock.
I must’ve missed that part
What are y'all doing rn? Im smoking a fat bowl.
Calls on bans
[deleted]
I see that now, fingers crossed, do u have calls?
[deleted]
Even if it takes 520 weeks, I’m okay with that
JPOW, his printer unfurled.
Andrew Left is a 🌈🐻 cuck
Lmao this is 🔥
You down with CCP? Yeah you know me!
No it isnt
More (Kobe Voice)
I’m on mobile but I have a serious question: where do the rights to Spider-Man fit in with this? 

Matt from Film Theory made a few videos last year explaining Sony owns the rights to Spider-Man and was considering shopping it around because it may (for lack of a better word) expire unless another film comes out? I don’t think Disney is in a position to buy Spider-Man right now. Disney may wait to see Sony violate its contract to hold the IP (coronavirus is a significant factor here). 

I’m asking because IIRC the IP issue ran through 2020/2021. I haven’t kept up with this issue lately but it had a considerable speculative value (billions). Sony gets some amount of kickback for letting Disney use Spider-Man in the marvel movies through some agreement. But Spider-Man is also a PlayStation hit/tie-in.
What would number of shares matter? What matters is market cap (share price times shares) and the voting rights of the shares
Welcome back now it’s time to lose money
Just underage drink at a house party.
> post covid this stonk will tank

How has shut down benefited a brick and mortar?
Almost the same amount in IWM.  100 Jan 190c
Thank you 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Dude i thought this was right now for a brief second than remembered markets arent even open. You almost killed me dude...
Broke? I'd kill for 60k/yr.
Some red, some green. But definitely some sideways. Watch out for MRNA news.
Just trying to think of the best way of letting someone from another country use an account if I create one
It’s climbing back up
Her name is Bruce Jenner
Yes but they will liquidate all your holdings and YOLO it on some random boomer's 401k for employee training. Did you not read the Terms and Conditions?
You got me on this one.
markets usually only move .2%? thats fucked i started in march and this shit has to keep running
Yes, but the wrong kind.
google hkex 9988.

usd/hkd is 7.75 and baba ADRs are 8 shares, so do X / 7.75 \* 8
True. Boring guy is the worst. I had a boyfriend who was boring, and I left him for another man because the other man was rich as fuck. Both were boring guy though
Lol what 😂
+1
Sometimes? I chase gamma squeezes sometimes but like anything market wise it's not a surefire thing.
Thoughts on PTON calls?  Daily highs in Covid and potential lockdown which closes gyms.
Hmmm, looks like for some reason you’ve been buying low and selling high, you’re actually going to want to buy high and sell low. It’s okay, common mistake.
Starting its climb back up

http://www.etnet.com.hk/www/eng/stocks/realtime/quote.php?code=09988
They fucking better. I’m counting on you
I feel like I've been waiting years to buy BABA calls. When is it safe fam
And how many of those do you have?
Make a YouTube video
[deleted]
puts on american calls on PTON.. TALK MORE ABLUT SHUTTING IT DOWN DEMENTIA MAN !
It’s pretty impossible. Every 401k is slightly different but you wouldn’t be able to roll it over while still employed unless you had a-non hardship withdrawal option which is especially unlikely if you’re not over 59.5 years old (even if you are that old it’s still mostly unlikely).
I’m perfectly fine with SPY moving up 1% a week.
>Back

lol
Oh we shall see! I expect it to hit it by Xmas.
Everyone meming about NIO in foreign markets are they serious or joking? I don't wanna wake up and see NIO blood red
Not a bear, but I'm buying some 12/4 330p as hedges. Third time we've tested 360 and this is week is OpEx. Might be litty come next week.
I have the same problem
This shit is going up. Fuck the NIO bears.
Nope Congress pissed all over them when they begged for a bail out.
420.69
BABA bulls need to look at the stock chart
Really? Sorry. I meant buy calls on stocks that did well during lockdown before, because it will happen again (zoom, chewy, etc).
Does she have huge boobs
$NKLA $50c 4/21
If you mean, I had a US account and then used it with vpn while travelling, then yes.
if theres a lockdown you bet your ass im doing PTONcalls.

&#x200B;

that company's stock surge depends on the pandemic.....

and beyonce lol
[removed]
Minimum
Jokes on you
245(on HK not USD) and now 249
This kind of stalking is clearly healthy and not a hit piece because someone lost money.
It’s going to 50. China is destroying the company
Quick someone whip up some PLTR LOTR memes
This mentality is more annoying than Covid itself. This whole notion that you hunkering down for a few weeks will result in normal life again. 

That ship has passed.
[deleted]
[deleted]
M1 chip is a game changer, def a buy right bow
shut up
Once vaccine gets deployed and virus is old news, the market will go back to moving 0.2% per day, especially when Trump leaves the office and Biden won't give a shit about pumping stonks.

Volatility should drop to nothing after February.
can someone smarter interpret what happened on 11/09?

[http://shortvolumes.com/?t=spy](http://shortvolumes.com/?t=spy)

my guess is puts were on discount and everyone took it as a buying opp. But that jump is crazy graphically.
PLTR has 1.88 BILLION shares. Does that not concern people?
NIO to reach 5000% gain by the end of the year
People are sleeping on energy, very quietly absolutely crushed it all last week. Super volatile too. Refiners posted like a 25-30% gain on Monday alone, and finished even higher on the week. Even had like a down 7% day on Thursday out of no where and then roared right back on Friday. Feels like it was a consolidation spring coiling and it’s taking off again this week

Many of them were at or below March levels, they will also be mooning with the vaccine
leeheeeps
LFG. I’m buying 300c this week. Not sure exp. yet.
Stonks only go up
Im reading investopedia and its super complicated. Yours makes more sense. 

So from investopedia it makes it seem that the inly thing u lose is the money you place on the bet or puts and calls. Not the actually money in the stocks.

One thing that keeps bothering me is do i have to own the stocks or canni place these bets on the stocks without buying them?

So from your explanation i get that 5he only person who makes the money is the guy who buys your puts so basically i dont make money. Or do i nake money as well. Because if i have the puts at 100 but they are at 88 then the guy who buys them will pay me 88 not 100 so only the guy that buys will make money or is there a step i missed
My SPY 330P 11/20’s are gonna print, I can feel it!
GOP is no better but yes, I agree... roaches voting for raid.
I don’t care. I just want quick fucking money
Loading more BABA at open tomorrow, this shit is so undervalued it’s not even funny
And that's why you're not losing money. 

Come over to r/thetagang you're not stupid enough to be here.
yo baba going back down again
AMD is about to run hard as fuck.  see you in tendie town my guy
How will airlines do tmr?
this comment literally makes no sense
Is she on the ground, spread eagle?
Fuck man I hope it goes up, christ
I can, and I will, fuck your mom.
fuck you
Spy 360 11/20
Michigan just announce lockdown New York should announce any minute now witchcraft going to workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Buy some of them FD things
what about iron?
The market is definitely expecting an announcement from Moderna this week. Let's hope it actually happens because the company said "by the end of the month".
Total clown show. Truckers are broke and have been broke since the Teamster's Union was broken in the 80s. Those guys live hand to mouth.
let’s go crooks give us some stimmy news so we can moon to ATH
ELI5 pls
Shitcoin is not dumping though..?
You’ve done it before?
They have some major growth happening. And theres6no fuckin way PDD has a greater market cap than JD. JD does like 14.5× the revs of PDD. Also JD Health IPO coming up soon. They stole about 8% of BABA's sales for singles day (week) this year too.

Plenty of catalysts. We'll see shortly...
The disk drive is not 20 year old tech.. 4k blu ray is still pricey
[deleted]
Red by open. You heard it here first
Agreed. All I want to know is strike and expiry
Both
jeez mayne how much worth? i have 20k worth of ivr calls
How? Just rich or
Calls and puts for respective stocks. Yes. Money made both ways!
nikola makes 0 cars a year:  🚀🚀🚀 🚀🚀🚀
Thank you einstein
I guess you have a fair point.
[deleted]
How low did it go? I caught a glimpse when it was about 4% down
So much cash sitting around. Risk on. Bonds yields suck rn. You want .0001% or 10%?
China was supposed to be up green bigly. BABA wtf are you doing???
[deleted]
https://imgur.com/gallery/7DFeZBP

Here brother. Split between interactive brokers and my day trading acc on webull. All acquired before Citron article. Check the time stamp. Also check my post history. Been saying this for a while. Just don’t post my DD on this sub.

Any more questions?
So why did you write come up?
Shhhhhhh don’t tell them
Hi Kids! If you’d like to all look at this graph... it shows that we’re expecting to experience some uppy uppy and downy downy in those stocks, but mostly uppy uppy.
Links for the OP bullet points:

1. [https://www.barrons.com/articles/largest-u-s-pension-bought-up-ev-stocks-nikola-and-nio-and-zoom-51605441621](https://www.barrons.com/articles/largest-u-s-pension-bought-up-ev-stocks-nikola-and-nio-and-zoom-51605441621)
2. [https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/15/analysts-expect-nio-sales-to-reach-100000-units-next-year/](https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/15/analysts-expect-nio-sales-to-reach-100000-units-next-year/)
3. [https://www.ft.com/content/2dff91bd-ceeb-4567-9f9f-c50b7876adce](https://www.ft.com/content/2dff91bd-ceeb-4567-9f9f-c50b7876adce)

4. [https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/nov/14/uk-expected-to-ban-sale-of-new-petrol-and-diesel-cars-from-2030](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/nov/14/uk-expected-to-ban-sale-of-new-petrol-and-diesel-cars-from-2030)

5.  [https://equalocean.com/briefing/20200915230003695](https://equalocean.com/briefing/20200915230003695) (old news?)
all of it
[removed]
I used to have this same mindset. Every time it looked like I was gonna get some tendies there'd be a random news article that tanks the stock, or mango got covid, or jpow would say something gloomy. 


then i realized i can buy calls *and* puts and tendies come my way no matter which way the stonk goes. stonk goes up? buy puts. stonk goes down? buy calls.
You mean lockdown puts.
needlessly large. I don’t fuck with the max
Always has been
What can I say... you got talent
my PLTR input 

Here’s the deal. I lost like a lot on Friday from the expectations. I researched a shit ton.

This company was started by the CIA with thiel. That means it has govt connection and contracts. They are a MIC company, BUT they are working other govts. As long as cyber warfare, espionage, all that fuckery is going on in the world... this company is going to thrive. At the earnings conference they announced they were going to go commercial. All I’m saying is just buy shares now. This is a long term stock. They went public in September. Buy LEAPs whatever but like I don’t think this company is gonna be a short term money maker because they are working with military contracts, which could make the stock HUGE
Any brother know a way (other than to quit) to transfer funds from a 401k account set up by a current employer with T Rowe Price to a less restrictive broker? My employee 401k has five shitty fund choices to choose from and restricts buying back within a 30 day period. I guess it’s their way to keep a brother in the rat race.
[removed]
VPN?
How much NIO are we buying at open
[deleted]
You mean calls right
Here’s the deal. I lost like a lot on Friday from the expectations. I researched a shit ton.

This company was started by the CIA with thiel. That means it has govt connection and contracts. They are a MIC company, BUT they are working other govts. As long as cyber warfare, espionage, all that fuckery is going on in the world... this company is going to thrive. At the earnings conference they announced they were going to go commercial. All I’m saying is just buy shares now. This is a long term stock. They went public in September. Buy LEAPs whatever but like I don’t think this company is gonna be a short term money maker because they are working with military contracts, which could make the stock HUGE
Uncertainty 

http://www.etnet.com.hk/www/eng/stocks/realtime/quote.php?code=09988
yesssss!!
bruh imagine shorting SPY on lockdown news??? Like AAPL MSFT AMZN give a shit??

Short oil or some shit dummies. SPY ain't going downies bigly until the fed intervention unwinds
Oh fuck a bear.
Vpn
What’s he news? Good for call holders?
2to3day play
I just realized that the high for BIGC on Friday was 69.69. Nice
[deleted]
Nah 12 max is 🐐
Who's selling tomorrow at close and who's waiting til Tuesday?
They always dump after earnings. I’m buying puts after the run up on earnings day next
Tough action in weeks? So for the action to be reversed days after by the next administration? BABA calls.
[removed]
Dude says he has a thousand calls, not a thousand in calls, so I doubt he bought itm ones
Same, as long as she’s attractive
The times are a-changing
Why is this the post that made me go all in lmao

11/20 50c
11/27 55c
well how are you going to position yourself with way OTM lotto tickets with that kind of mentality. is it any way to play this market by just profiting off the day to day? you either have to be very bearish or very bullish to take full advantage of this market imo. anything else is a waste
Just watch.
Vote up if you think BABA will be ok tomorrow, vote down if you think it’s fked
lockdown happening

shitcoin drilling

trump incel base arming up

gotta buy a poot

...

spy mooning! :D
If a lot of people are buying calls then it's probably alot of people buying the stock...
Buy your lockdown calls for max gains. Sell the news. It’s gonna happen. West coast leading the way, winter is just getting worse. Come back to this comment when it happens (or doesn’t) by late December.
Same
Same here, but Ive been here since it was under $15. I'll take whatever this party has to offer, especially the drugs...I brought a couch for a reason.
[removed]
Anybody trading BILI on Wednesday earnings?
What’s happening, I’m on pins and needles here with shit ton of dec calls
Was it derogatory use? 

I couldn't care less for John in general. Poser.
Toyota makes 9 million cars a year: market cap-200 billion

Tesla makes 300,000 cars a year: market cap 400 billion

NIO makes 30,000 cars a year: market cap 🚀🚀🚀to the moon!
issa pass fo me
Anyone here know if you can use ETRADE app/website when you’re in a other country?
To be honest you can probably just blame me. I'm the fking king of lemons. Until I sell out this stock wont move. Case in point my other major holding TSLA. Imagine Nasdaq hitting 12,000 but TSLA and BABA both being cucks
They got the exemption in April fucko! Why is this time different? Also New Mexico has a lot hinging on the success of this flight too!
seahawks
inslee is the king of cucks
[deleted]
Asking for a friend
iPhone mini is the best iPhone since iphone 5. AAPL 125 eod 🍏🚀💕
True. But I mean is it really that bad if I’m not trading options anymore and just investing?
Trump basically said money over bitches except the elderly and people with pre existing conditions are the bitches and Wall Street is the money
If it dips under $110 yes otherwise no.
I own a boatload of IWM calls.  

And I'm hard.
Whats your vengo?
BABA with the come up!
That's all you need.  Stonks go up unless their is something to stop them going up.  Like a helium balloon....
PNC is rumored to be in talks to buy the US arm of BBVA, not sure how to play it or if it's even worth playing?
Is bullishness in the options market usually mirrored for the underlying?
Already up 400% on baba puts
Why would money move to oil in fear? lol. They were literally paying you to buy it earlier in the year
Tsla,ge,ba and pltr tomorrow
My current positions 
269.32 shares amd
AMD covered call sales @ 85 exp. 11/20
Should’ve just blown it all in Vegas. At the very least, I would’ve been comped 2 lobster dinners and a discount blowjob at a Vegas casino.
K-8 and gyms still open. Lockdown lite
You can not genuinely tell me you believe bob dylan is racist
What’s happening here is the transfer of wealth from small business that are run inefficiently, don’t have the cash flow to weather the storm  and are capital intensive to asset-light businesses that thrive on economies of scale - those of which are listed on $QQQ

Makes perfect sense.
How do I use this post to make money?
No. If you actually buy into something it’s quality names, not memes. I actually agreed in full with Cramer on Friday about the upcoming week being significant and having major implications. Target, Walmart, NVidia, and Home Depot among others is a HUGE wave of earnings to play.
Lol what Musk fanboy downvoted me
The time was EOD Friday however there’s potential movement of 20%+ over next few days.
I’m surprised you finished the bowl.  That’s too much of the spicy 🌶
Hahahaha I can smell the fear kicking in. Money moving to oil for the n ext couple of days
Oh fuck this is it what i bought calls on 😨
More like lead pump and dumps for bags on stooges here
Why spend money on a parachute when you can buy NIO calls and have 400000 parachutes later?
Casual
Washington state going full lockdown again too. Hadn't seen WA mentioned yet
Venmo me 5k to manage for you.
ahh yes how could i have forgotten
I’m getting up early too love you guys
Farewell sweet tendy prince. RIP 3/20 200c
That’s so hot
I’m just now getting to it but feel compelled to invest in SPOT because I swore to multiple people Alex Jones would never be on once Rogan signed w them. Guess Rogan has a solid contract. New studio still lame tho
not really

Not on spx anyway. Magnitude might matter but not the ratio
I’m not sure either but I check here:

https://www.stockoptionschannel.com/symbol/psx/
[removed]
Every now and then they would you’d have to let her simmer for 2-3 weeks then buy
Pltr
What's the Chinese governments end game though? How how does wrestle fucking their own companies give them a competitive edge against the US?
the governor must have already booked their ticket to space
Well there is definitely worse plays.  Good luck and I hope trendies rain down upon you.
Looks like the middle finger PLTR gave us, is that what u traded? 😂
im numb at this point, going into hibernation soon
Patti Smith John Lennon and Bob Dylan all used the n word in their songs.  Why are they still revered?
We were well ahead the curve on NKLA before the, um, troubles.
Congrats and fuck you
Yes, yes, maybe, possibly but probably not.
Stfu
Move them.
Shit lockdown let's sell stocks 🤡
Ok be honest 

How many of u bought SPCE thinking it was SpaceX

Because you were right and it will moon on that news.
I’m sure there was an article that said they do.
I mean I don't get perma bears or bulls to begin with. Buy whatever makes you money lol
lol ain't nobody getting covid on a spaceship
OMG SO MUCH GREEN. JUST LIKE CHAD'S DOO DOO.  
I CAN'T WAIT  TO BUY MORE NIO TO GO TO THE MOON.  
OMG NIO MY GREEN ASSHOLE.  
SPY 400 BY EOW!
What app do you use to filter open interest? The ones I’ve seen are clunky. I put some 1/15 4c buy orders in already.
🤣🤣🤣
[deleted]
>Dewey Decimal System

wtf is this shit lmao
back then weeklies didnt print tho
You have to be extremely close to poverty line (17k?) to qualify for medicaid. Under 45k you will get subsidies for ACA but it's never really enough to make it "cheap". You just have to budget $400 or so a month for shitty health insurance with a $5000 deductible.

Maybe our boy Joey will pass the public option he keeps talking about and there will be a less shitty option available to buy into soon.
Honestly still not sure, I don’t think so. how do you see that info?
part of the problem, too
Dude are you retarded? Wait you’re on WSB. Sorry for commenting.
[removed]
[deleted]
Because it’s dangerous. 

Luckily you can get sent overseas to die for USA and you can drink there.
PRPL mattress was mostly pumped by WSB
What happen to baba 😱
I love having a view shot down. It means someone is emotional enough about the opposite view to respond, there's directionality to the view.
Agreed. Should be 69420
[removed]
Start taking advice of more people around here
Whatever spy 365 at open
Probably the already successful ones. Chevy, tesla, and nissan.
Vaccine. We are still dealing with human lives here.
why are we up so much. there is nothing that can justify this except stonks go up.
What’s her OF?
I need gains too lol I have a call i bought close to eod friday
*BRRRRRRRRRR*
pm me
Does put to call ratio actually matter

This was the volume on Friday for PSX for example

> Put volume: 4,199  •  Call volume: 22,819  •  Put:Call Ratio: 0.18

Like... does that actually matter?
So All In NIO for max gains? Got it.
don't fuck with the chinese goverment dawg
> S

Whats ToS?
YO BABA GOING BACK UP
Nio people house will make the fall down
GAY BEARS UNITE. The Chinese Tesla is going to feel the big dick of uncle Elon who is launching humans into space
Maybe .when it comes to engineering, btwn Richard Branson and Elon musk , I know where I’m putting my $ long term. For a short term buzz trade, sure, even betting on Trevor Milton made $ for some
he so retard he dont get it lol
Dayum thats an aggressive target for JD, you think its gonna pop to 120!?
$70!!!??? FTW!
$19 up $1,000 on them got in at open on Friday had 400 shares and other plays but I decided to throw everything in long term leaps I see a $50 in 2023
Check the large bankruptcy filings to see if they existed.
This guy owns BABA calls
No. The answer is no.
Because they can't get much worse lol
Bro tablespoons lol
It's a megacap savings account now basically.
How many times have you read an article about trump thought he wouldn’t do something that stupid. Only for him to do that stupid thing?
Dude why you living with your sister?  You aren't that cousin fucked from earlier are you?  Dogs > you
Worried money don’t make money. Meme stocks recently have had a proven flavour of autism, it’s true, but don’t let that stop yourself. Grab it. Hold it and don’t look back.
Link
Hopes and dreams but probably uppy in the near term.
I am deep with 12/18 3150 calls, thinking the lockdowns have to be bullish. Sector rotation hasn’t helped, but you have to figure a load of holiday shopping will happen online-only.
Thanks
Yes
If Trump wont shutdown, states will. Calls on relevant shit.
Yikes

You probably put the milk in the bowl before the cereal too
how much did you pay?
Yep
Hit $100 on the Uzbekistan exchange. 3 shares volume.
JD got da juice son
"70 million of you voted against us" lol. 
As much as I would love a giant strike, these dummies aren't going to do anything.
I do appreciate you bringing this to my attention though.
That’s fine I’ll be out Tuesday.

Edit: walking away after crushing it the past 6 months on NIO, I’ll be back in for the second Cumming. 11/18
It’s green... and stonks only go up... so... green?
Do your own DD or join the subs I post it in :)
They’re up 150%. Happy to show you after Tuesday earnings when they’re 10 baggers
Why wouldn't you just buy 15k in an actual company like Walmart or target and yolo the rest 1🤦‍♂️
New Mexico 2wk lockdown.  Use caution.  We don’t know if they’ll get an exemption in time.  With the launch window so close, I find it unlikely.
[deleted]
NIO $35 after earnings up 150% on puts. 

Like that?
A very simple explanation is that a call or put gives the person the right to buy (call) or sell(put) a stock at a given price. If he's holding a $100 put and the price is at $88 on the day that the put expires, he makes a $12 profit because a put holder would be able to buy the stock in the market at $88 and immediately sell it for $100. Therefore the value of the put in that example is $12.

Things get more complicated when you have to account for things such as time left til expiration and other things (what if there are still 6 months left vs 1 week left) or if the stock price is very volatile and even how far away the stock price is currently from the strike price. 

If you go to https://www.optionsprofitcalculator.com/, you can play around and generate profit/loss tables for any option for any stock for every combination of price point and day.
[deleted]
What happened?
The companies that killed the electric car, can sure as hell lobby washington to come out on top.
So a company that loses billions and barely sells any cars is worth more than most profitable major EU car companies bc it has a battery. Makes sense
pltr is like a meme stock that hasnt pumped yet. im tryin to think of a similar example where we were meming the shit out of a stock and it actually mooned. i think dkng and spce were 2 examples but my memory is pretty vague.
Thinking of investing in pltr, NIO, spce, and unty stocks like a good boomer.  What do you guys think
Lol buy low sell lower
I just made chipotle bowls for me and gf. Cooked with habanero first time and chopped up 5 into our bowls, just completely fucked our shit up, she’s on the ground doing breathing exercises i’m sucking on ice cubes
Dude that will never be ITM lmao
Chipotle on the way via doordash. Whiskey half gone. Can't wait til open.
Keep in touch bro. I like talking to people about the markets who are serious lol. 

But with the big moves we’ve seen, I wouldn’t be surprised if we break 3500, we test 3300 after to fill the gaps. That said, I’m mostly long and will start buying cheap OTM puts to hedge. I think we’re going higher first. Also trump essentially conceded. Which is more clarity in the market.

Also, while unlikely, stimulus is still possible. Maybe trump does one last hoorah before he leaves. He did tweet about the stimulus the other day
I'm only semi-serious/being facetious. But yeah.. that's probably what September was.. shit i can't even remember why we dipped in Sept now, underwhelming ER, election fear? Those probably contributed as well.
100% 

I was loading AAPL and FB stock that Monday.
Let's see if PLTR has got the memes
I wonder if there is some big hedge fund behind WSB. They listen to our chats and pick meme stocks and just trade at much bigger scale. If so, I need my cut 😂😂
420
Who cares??????????????
Pats underrated this season
Bruh how are you gunna fumble a snap
Drunk ordering? Mistake. "Averaging down" aka doubling down on a losing position? Stupidity
Baba Yaga only comes out at night.
They’re extinct.
My girl big Gretch! 💪😤
Dogs are awesome
Strike?
I literally got dozens of these for free with "referrals" to RH last year & all they did was lose value. Once they dropped below $2 I dumped em.

Fuck me.
Pretty sure I’m addicted to MSFS 2020, calls on Microsoft
Definitely don't trust people who hate dogs
TSLA EOW price?
what position
China stocks are soooo sketchy. Case in point, BABA. Gonna stock with retailers I know will succeed like amazon and MELI
Seahawks, they got no D.
good times
Midnight
No, I sold him that put
Have you tried putting peanut butter on your butt hole? Try it with your dog.
RCEP trade bloc in full effect....NIO going to meet the Wright brothers tomorrow ✈️
I love Sony and was swing trading for a few weeks. Their P/E is really attractive. If I see $78 again I’ll drop $50-100k.
SPCE is not SpaceX! SPCE is not SpaceX!

SPCE is supposed to fly this week too though!

But SPCE is not SpaceX!
baba nooooooo
Month old. Ban.
Better opportunities in value
How do you average the bottom?
I had Ravens -6.5 FUHHH
Stop.

I can only get so erect.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTaPCcyqaG0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTaPCcyqaG0)
DOW 30K+ BY OPEN
If nio dares move, I will jump back in and ride it’s cock.
Same. I'm holding 10 100 12/18
Probably at best flat this week. I've seen this show before but I'm happy to be wrong.
Not sure you understand how anime works if you think these people will convert to premium. Unless Sony goes on an endless goose chase of lawsuits they are not going to convert into subs. 

In fact, many of them won’t get a sub bc they don’t have the rights for a lot of shows people want to watch.
Fuck this
Send venmo.
LFGOOOOO smallll capppppp, shoulda copped them ivr longs boys, free money
Five dorra?
Penny stock pumping is against WSB rules
[deleted]
get me some $RBLX
I believe there is real populist anger in this country, based on this weekend's movements in DC. I won't investigate much further as I think there's enough shit going on to justify a net short position.
Michigan closing restaurants, bars, and schools. 

Get those tech calls fired up
Waiting for the market to be less manipulated? Better grab an extra frosty with your Wendy’s staff meal, you’re gonna be waiting a while.
[deleted]
Lmao
What the fuck is a future
Such is the power of the meme stock.
Is this the ios version, gui design looks better than android god damn it.
Kangaroos don’t make money
Hahahaha lol @ bears
Don’t look it up just invest
[deleted]
Feeling good, pats ml going to cash in parlay & futes are green. Life is good, you know what I’m saying.
this copper bull market is just getting started. get your fcx calls loaded and ready to go.
Puts on sale tomorrow. Might grab some
Sold my shares for PLTR about a month ago
Plan is to ride the JD wave to 120 this week 🚀🚀🚀
I do
AAPL opinions?
Lmao I’m a bear and a BABA bull fml
EXROF

The tendies are still frozen in the bag in the back of the freezer.
Two weeks ago SPY 350 was bullish
Not at all. Just that it'll go up. lol
Bro that’s nothing
Nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio nio
Makes you feel a bit dirty when puts print
Im scared, they have had a wild-run up and if earnings are great they might get crushed
hold my bear

by the throat
I think you defined main account wrong then
Truckers are going to strike?
Very bullish
Good luck to you and your puts...that's all
Well, I'm straight up fucked. Baba down 16+ percent in a fucking month and retards are like SELL SELL.

NKLA doesn't even fucking have products, goes up 8 percent in a day.
Because our government thinks controlling that stops people from killing themselves behind the wheel. Parents in America are far too uptight about alcohol which leaves kids to rebel and drink and drive too often. In Europe, the atmosphere surrounding drinking is much more relaxed in most households and kids don’t feel the need to be so rebellious. It works much better that way.
HUBS $360 - took a dump last week, ready for take off
[deleted]
 remember when snowflake ❄️ was a thing
⚰️
Are you describing a regular labor process?
She packed my bags last night pre-futures

Zero hour nine thirty AM

And NIOs gonna be high as a kite by then

I miss the earth so much I miss my wife’s boyfriend

It's lonely on the moon

On such a timeless squeeze
 
And I think it's gonna be a short short time

'Till NIO brings me round again to find

I'm not the man they think I am on WSB

Oh no no no I'm a NIO BULL

NIO 50 PM
what does it mean
SPCE is the play here retard
is there actual bears in here?
Y’all, I’m a bear, but technicals and indicators show we’re heading for a strong melt up. Don’t start buying puts until mid-late december. I don’t want my fellow bears to be insolvent when we finally crash. These next few weeks are not for us, just be patient
[deleted]
I have no free cash but about 1k in ICLN that’s been basically stagnant in comparison to some other stocks for a little over a month
There's going to be maybe 50 angry dudes on strike. Most will keep on trucking.  Perhaps ask the bears who are working hard at the truck stop right now to carry put a survey?
Puts on indexes for early December as food shortage is exacerbated and people start pulling cash out of the market as cost of living increases across the board.
Up 30% on my main account and down 20% on my options account, so I have that going for me.

Only problem I have is that my options account is roughly 5x bigger than my main account.
NIO mooning in the Asian markets!!!!!
Ban
You know what? That's cool, let me bail out of my calls at open and then y'all can have your day
The CCP is always hard. Come talkin that trash, they'll pull ur card 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
Ravens
We can name thirty others they have been wrong against.
I think that was the joke albeit a shitty one cuz NIO ti the moon 🚀
Same...
Lol seriously how the fuck would you even know the person is a 5th cousin or beyond unless you have the same last name and it’s not a common last name?
What long call(s) do you own now?
Thank you for clarifying
I do have puts, and they’ve been printing bigly
Thanks
We account for 90% of the at market orders though
-4% on the HK exchange right now.

I see BABA fucked till Jack Ma retires. He tried to fight with the CCP and they show him now who is boss. The CCP has no qualms killing their golden goose if they can show Baidu or JD what happens when you do not toe the line.

The best thing Ma could do for the company now is step down and name some servile successor.
Addicted to trump not tendies. Ban!
Bears lmao
Not too bad
Ban
Was that what September was pricing in? Cause I thought it was just fear of a bubble pop?
Jack Ma is clearly playing 4D Chinese Checkers with BABA. There's a reason his head is so gargantuan.
Hold dicks
and baba bulls
Holding a few shares and a few calls like a simp
Good tip. Thanks
Let's fucking do it
the bears giving you advice [have no faith](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020/gauj0cg/?context=3) in what they say and they are turncoats at a moments notice

he said this two weeks ago:

>If you are a bull close your app until December, if a bear go on margin because the next 2 weeks is what you have been waiting since 2008 for.

he later reveals that he inversed the advice he was giving everyone and made a profit in bull mode
So you have 25c 1/21 x70? Otherwise WTF are you talking about?
Jerking off to this image tonight
If there’s not enough buyer, it will obviously crash.
I bought puts. Real question is, which one of us is more autistic..
Bulls and Bears at it again. Can’t anyone see this is Kangaroos time to shine?
Fuck lmao I meant AT&T
what are you doing do when JD flies? good news with the trade agreement and hopefully they kill earnings, ecom is also good
totally legal totally legit
Y’all donno shit. Nobody does. Therefore.

Idk. But we donno shit. Good luck this week my guys
because im retarded
4 am is pre-market trading start
Im very cheap man i dont invest unless im willing to lose. And i always soend mo ths vetting a stock i like. Right now i got a nice lil merchant company that goes up from 1.40 to 1.60 like clock work and easy 300 or 500 d3pending on how naughty i feel.

So dont worry i wont be putting any contracts until i sp3nd 50 hours and a demo account wotking out how to put my skills into this puts and call stuff. A cheap man is a very dangerous man. U cant cheat me 😎🤓
I feel far happier when my calls print than when puts do does anyone else feel the same?
I'm dead inside.
Holy shit. Bears r so fuk
Lamar Jackson wtf?
Forum has the same sentiment they did for NIO before it dropped $15, I feel goood
because you literally just fucking said that institutions are going long - people here are doing the exact same thing

retard
It’s tiring to have to dig through the circlejerk for good DD.
TD.... TOS
Lol that’s what I’m saying. Pensions fund ain’t suppose to do shit like this. People are hyping nio up too much.
Microsoft doesn't own Crunchyroll ya goof
That's interesting to learn, generally. Thanks. If a large percentage of shares are unlocked, does the price suddenly plummet as a result?
Have funds in APHA and considering moving them to PLTR
Wait what if September dip already priced in second wave, now we're pricing in next spring already?
[removed]
How is the drinking age 21 in The US? I want to visit New York next year when vaccine but can’t even go the bars :(
Tbh, I think we’re gonna hit a new bull market that ends in January. Last time everyone said sell and was panicking it went from April-July, one of the greatest bull runs seen.
Successful flight for Space X?
I don't think so. I know someone who scored big when he yolo'd all of his TFSA on weed stocks. He got audited and had to pay taxes on his winnings.
Xi put Jack Ma in his place, that’s fuck you money like Axe
As always an uphill but inevitable descent
Pension funds consistently make up some of the biggest suckers/losers in the markets.  They are constantly buying the tops and selling the bottoms.  They are not "smart money".
Half.. so 6 cups of ground coffee makes 12 cups
Fuck baba...  just might get puts on that bitch..

Badholding calls.  Glad I didn't double down on it
This much retard equals profit.

Congrats OP
Rofl tide
Record cases ✅

New lockdowns ✅

Market: lol hold my beer
[removed]
Think you missed the joke
You bought Baba?
Idk how should we feel
I bought 100 shares at 10
Im not sure when I bought my options maybe only a week ago so they're down a bit right now
Good bot
so fams futures indicating green af tmr? what's ya'll verdict
I’m buying SPCE 24 or 25C 11/27, SPCE gang!
You have about 1500 4th cousins, but 15,000ish 5th cousins.

Seems like a reasonable cutoff
what the fuck are you saying short interest is still 140%
That is. Quite a a fucking burn. Not gonna lie that would have had me sell all my shares in PTON.

And the PTON girl had to get paid to fireback too. Wow. PTON puts it is
No one is underestimating the stock the proof is the fact it’s severely overvalued
I don't believe any massive gains/loss porn here post wsbgod. But in case this is real ho lee fuk this is what a gambling problem looks like.
What kind of cheese?
I lowkey just popped a xan and I set an alarm
As long as some of those fake 0's make it into your bank, who cares?
!remind me 6 months
What led you to this question?
I whole heartily agree with your #4. I did that two years ago when I was getting too deep, not knowing what I was doing. None of my plays were right, always felt like I was too late. It helped tremendously to just stop and walk away for a bit.

It sounds like you have learned some lessons and are okay.
Buy puts then
i'm all in the second it hits the market. that being said, hyping this up now will just cause the retards to froth at the mouth.
Spy bears how we feeling lmao
I always high, just makes it easier
[deleted]
Thanks homie
knowing the term structure let's you know times that it might be more probable to happen based on the current weighting.
Nah, a handful are still in NKLA weeklies
Asian Futures are green big time. This week will be a wildest week
Trump died from covid weeks ago.. that’s a robot now
Then you run the risk of bag holding
Xi personally stopped the Ant Financial listing because of something Jack Ma said. CCP asserting dominance, don’t fight the CCP.
[deleted]
lol why is this pinned
[deleted]
Calls on $rona
The CEO is a boring is what's the issue.
and stimmy too should scare the bears
[deleted]
Hoping for a direct listing. Remortgaging my house for this one.
Always 2 months minimum. These current call positions expire anywhere from January to April.
Hey we're the same
Prediction: you’ll make 6k back and then promptly go down 10k.
Bulls r not fuk
This thanksgiving trucker strike could be a catalyst for a severe correction. This is most certainly not priced in.
APHA or PLTR
If the market goes up this week, it will be the value stocks leading the way. More specifically Boeing. I am not saying Boeing is worth staying in long term but this week could be huge if your looking for a trade. 737 max recertification expected to be announced Wednesday. Moderna vaccine news I assume will be either tomorrow or Tuesday. If all goes well. BA will retest $230, and possibly try out $250 before coming back down to earth. They went from $150 to $230 in June on almost a straight line and it could be happening again! My $205 calls are feeling very confident.
Buy both
1. Most of them are held by the very public co-founders. In total, 12 person have almost all of that ownership. They have almost nothing to gain and only their reputation to lose if they want to unload those stocks. So it is unlikely that they will do it. They are likely to keep on holding it until the company becomes much more larger.

2. The downside risk is in the options held by employees which expire after a time and they would be continued to be exercised just like it happens with other tech companies.

3. If they suddenly decide to unload in huge volumes,  there would be too many shares in the open market resulting in downward risk.
SE gang, where are you at? Whats everyones plan for earnings Tuesday?
SPY to infinity and beyond.
🌈 4️⃣🥭
[removed]
You make them up
I think I will go sell some stocks by tomorrow or next day. Honestly I feel a little scared about the market being all time high with covid cases going through the roof! Thanks for making this thread!
Ew Palm Springs sucks. NYC or LA for sure.
Hi
[deleted]
Unshackle 🔗 yourself and grease the hog 🐖. Tomorrow we ride!! 🏍️
...a Chinese company?
If NIO reaches 69 I’ll suck all your dicks
Move to west coast
No, we crossed above a critical resistance line. Now there’s less selling resistance, causing the start of a melt up
What if you buy high and sell higher?
Nice try commie
!remindme may 2021
As a bear this is funny
Roll tide
Nio to 100 eow. It’s the next Tesla
That’s fuck me so hard
Bears addicted to pain 

Too blind to see your puts lost in the shadows 

So addicted to pain

In time you’re gonna lose it all
Yeah, but they are 3 fuckin sweet letters.
So who cares what HK doing now.
I knew where to look. Didn’t want to know the answer. Currently down :(
As I’ve said, this thing is only going down. The whole point of Chinese anti monopoly is to destroy a good company
obviously what you know ray aint helping you
2.10% in HIGH INTEREST SAVINGS ACCOUNT FUND. 

No
Will never buy Chinese stocks again. Fuck this
It's unreal, man! This thing has pumped 17% in 2 weeks. No way that it holds **all** of these gains (although it's quite likely to hold some). 

I'm just hoping for a drop to $160 before 12/18 so I can sell for a 60% gain.
I think he's talking about dunkin donuts but so autist he said GME. That's where he hangs out with his Dunkin Donuts. Calls on dunkin and GME. 
That's the real DD
Baltimore play so dirty for being 6-2
We need Mayor LittleFoot to help clean this up
I’ll let you all in on a little secret. You gotta buy low, and then some time later you gotta sell high.
They should just stick it inside a tesla so you don't crash watching a fitness class while riding to work
that's what I thought but the truth is it never ends
who is more overrated? ravens or seahawks
what the fuck is roblox?
i bet it opens green and then there will be a sell off during the day
Might slide money into Fisker 😬
Let me know if you find an answer
one word: Elon
I think you should google lithium strip mining... Or what happens to the spent batteries. Enjoy.
This bear already made a fuck load of NIO morons, and is just chilling on mostly cash... But this fucker about to drop like Tower of Terror.
2nd cousin.
i bought calls on ZM...
Right about the move or crashing them lol
You made over 100 % on a volatile stock, be happy
So you’re saying that teeth will become important soon?
Futures are up. Another guess gone wrong.
It's ok to fuck your cousin, just don't get her pregnant.  Only immediate family is off limits.
and it will all be undone by 1/20/21 so who cares
> 7k

if you can make back 7k then surely you can turn that into 10k before going boomer mode.
Is this a joke
Work is so overrated
Wish your are right. The big boys will play us. The move is too obvious. Puts will be next week. They will break all the poor Spxs expiration on nov 29 first then drop it.
🤡
[removed]
China wont let it's first major EV baby fail. It'll be an embarrassment to their green energy initiative.
lol.. amd is still in the channel and its currently bouncing  back down. Also it has negative divergence and u r all in for 12/18 call? wtf?
I'm cash with 10% of my portfolio in carnival puts and this thing i heard about called "sheerz" of NIO. I'm not playing games.
Salt... the cure to the china virus is salt, not bleach.
Pics or gtfo
Ok bud, whats the lesson ?
Everyone trying to catch the bottom. It’ll happen eventually once Ma kisses the right asses and pays some big bribes.
Why do I care what small money does?
one of these weeks this will be true
melatonin or an indica strain
How far expiration for your calls?
it would be MOON...oh wait that already exists
I wish I could wake up that morning with the knowledge I have now
You should b in $spy calls expiring tomorrow
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra
I don’t like asset backed securities because they won’t protect against deflation. I like 80% cash so you have backup cash in case market goes stagnant and you’re trying to build a new strategy(it works until it doesn’t and I know my wedge strategy will not work in a normal market environment). Going 80% cash is also useful for when you want to exercise an option aftermarket to sell at 4:30 am et in order to take advantage of premarket/China pump trading.
IT’S THE CHINESE AMAZON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Of so many days last week, you tried it on that one fucking day you shouldn't
Did something happen
Why do u say
All of them
[Looks like the Texas food line](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/15/us/dallas-texas-food-bank-coronavirus/index.html)
That’s what I always say I’m gonna do!
[removed]
Lol nah my mom had me tested. I’m just retarded tho
If you’ve been reading around, people here aren’t flipping this quick. They’re loading up and going long long
So we thinkin 5th cousins and beyond are okay to bang? Is that the cutoff?
Nah they will catalyst over these next few months. The billions of vials they will supply for Pfizer will get noticed more and more. Plus any other approved vaccine they will probably supply for them as well. They have very little competition in a lot of their spaces. I like em
A year? You can get that in 1-2 easy plays
If WSB would collectively come together and make an ETF, this would be it: 

&#x200B;

[https://evolveetfs.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/EDGE-FactSheet-September-30-2020.pdf](https://evolveetfs.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/EDGE-FactSheet-September-30-2020.pdf)

&#x200B;

We going places bois.
i can guarantee a way for you to become a millionaire? start with a billion
Should I just dip out of spy puts and go in balls deep nio and make all my money back
what lesson, what happened to them
Bears at 6pm “u bulls really celebrating half a percent futures 15 hours before market open?😂😂”


Bears at 10pm “FUTURES LOSING MOMENTUM”
I’m gone pump your mom by asking stupid questions
You’re a fucking moron lmao
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Episode 223? Buy 223 shares... ok
Same man. Same.
The moon is made of cheese bro
Asia finalized a trade agreement.
But the politicians will be out on the town enjoying life. Libtards never learn.
Almost all your recent posts are about him.
SPY 400c EOY

Last time "world went to shit" we had the greatest equity markets recover ever known to mankind.  Since then all the brrrrrr induced asset price inflation should have indices doubled by the time Kamala takes over.

If nothing else, this chump was burned last time on high hopes, thinks it's a double 🌈🌈 bull trap, and is now buying puts.  This right here alone is reason enough for SPY to be up bigly this week.

Btw can someone please monitor Trump's twitter for his market canary tweets.
disciples not drink coffee, read the bibble, they drink patron
cuz its a good stonk funamentally
Anyone playing roblox, wish, doordash and airbnb ipo? Going to the biggest meme stocks of 2021 imo
What price target you expect of nndm in 1-3 years and your reasonings please?
Extreme, but upvoted
this is the whey
China was asleep ZzzZzzz
If you're going to be a pussy sell enough to recoup your initial investment and let the rest ride
No diminishing returns? How would a competing vaccine add another 7%? The first pump was because we had a path to a return to normal within 12 months because of a vaccine. What would a second vaccine add?

Also, even if we assume MRNA gives us 7%, where does the other 8% come from? Come on, dude.
My birthday!
I know - literally makes no sense. This thing is not going even a little up for a long long time.
what lesson? get out before the fund manager is swapped?
How many retards yoloing into NIO
[deleted]
What's the lesson?
thanx i hope
Tortuga Air 2 travel backpack sucka...that bitch has been around the world with me
Hmm my 11/16 368 calls don’t seem promising
I am telling you guys Puts this week will be the move. I don’t don’t give a fuck about bulls or bears 🐻, I only care about money 💵.
Cuomo just said keep the schools open so kiddies can keep infecting everyone. SPY 400 EOD
[deleted]
ASX200 frozen due to "*data issue*"
Thanks. ;)
Yikes
This. Is marketplace.
You can’t bring me down

Already had my life turned upside down
If I survive tonight I swear I’ll never drink again! 🙄
Russell obliterating ATH. 😂😞Absolute absurdity. Telltale sign, the end is near.. for everything, everywhere. Farcical. GL!
The pump would be pretty slow in that tape....
Tried to taste a life of a bear for a day. It’s not fun.
Holding TSLA 420c 11/20 and AAPL 122c 12/4

It’s going to be a very good or very bad week
what happened?
You legit linked a google image search, that brings us to google image search. That goes to website and have to scroll to see the image. Dafuk
3300 eod
Yeah man, He'll make that back in a year. No problem.
Depends how much you have and how much risk you want
EOW PLTR expectations?? I'm thinking we break $19
Fuck your TA
Ask your mom bro
Don’t come to this forum anymore, but this is funny. Cuz I know what it means. Cuz I’ve been there. Many times.
Any other stock and we would have been good. Did not expect BABA to get gangbanged with bad news. Diamond hands are good, we just got a lemon.
That’s hot. Sauce?
[removed]
Baba is currently tanking on the Hang Seng by 3.35% why is everyone so bullish about the stonk in here?
That’s the fucking best thing I’ve read all day
I prefer tulip bulbs
Probably going to go balls deep into amazon. Feels like with covid + lockdowns it’s time for this shit to pump
[deleted]
Modern classic
Donnies released sex tape with Pelosi
4-6 tbsp
Real concern is whether or not Trump is going to fire off his last shot at China.  There are reports all over the place that he’s going to place massive sanctions.
seems like every major city mayor is chock-full of retardation. wonder why
Too late now son. Just enjoy the profits.  
In future, you could always sell enough to cover your principal, and then let the rest ride.
12
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
F off with your big ass bold title
Spending 5k on robinhood feels like buying a mcchicken. Spending $50 on a tshirt feels like a total waste of money
Never regret that damn. Take the W. There will be plenty more.
Ok this is my strategy
Old news New York announcing lock downs rn according to my witchcraft
Washington ain’t shit
Vale holder?
The Stonk Market has unlimited plays, don't sweat selling early.
*few days
Magic carpet
[deleted]
Yeah...takes awhile for people to warm up to me. I joke too soon and too often.
[deleted]
Because it's not. They are trying to make retards believe that they discovered Bernie Madoff ponzi. Bull fucking shit. When stonks crashed in gfc, a lit if his marks/clients pulled their money from his fund...he had to admit it was a ponzi. But you zoomers were too young to know what was happening.
I like it but damn is it a bitch to get the ray gun.
My guess is the Pharisees were handling errbodys 401(k)s in 32 B.C. but Jesus took a hammer to their workstation.
why are we pumping?
By the way, challenge accepted. I’ll post my NIO positions after you post your losses so I can laugh at them. I assure you it will be a lot more than $159
AMZN open at 3180?
Eron always send his little astronauts to the rocket on a Tesla model Y  🚀
Your move moderna
Well your trying to inverse so it won't work anymore
Which one? Donatello?
Maybe you actually are autistic
Watching Ocean’s Eleven
People who tell you “always take the profit” are here. People who held TSLA at $20 don’t frequent these subs anymore cuz they have ridiculous money now.
Dont do it.. i have heard its a p&d
Yeah but we need it to get real things
# 

# New lockdown ordered as coronavirus cases surge in Washington state

New rules will ban indoor gatherings, close restaurants to indoor dining and limit all retail to 25% capacity, including grocery stores.

&#x200B;

I have little doubt this is bullish...
Yeah, because futures NEVER completely reverse by actual market open 

/s
Wallstreetbets being negative on this actually makes me feel good about this play 😂
What do you guys think of HYLN? It's been pretty flat lately
Wasn’t the BABA suit announced on Friday? Should be priced in?
WSB has been right about amd, tesla, and now nio. We'll see about pltr lool
Overall... Peloton is just a shake weight with a subscription.
> FVAC .. deleting this comment in 69 minutes

magnets. the future
[removed]
4500  up crude already called it earlier here
when you go above 100% off stonks in such a short time, you gotta love them gains
nkla flash baks

prpl flash baks

nio flash baks

need me say more?
Yea and the most important thing of all, they use gravity as a fuel.
Buy back after earnings if they’re good and you’re holding. Trade the run up tomorrow through Tuesday afternoon otherwise
How much coffee should i use for 12 cups?
Negative, at least for the moment. Lots of places are putting stickers/tape on bags/boxes that are tamper evident, can't check shit if the bag is already closed when we pick it up. It started to get really popular during covid, but realistically it's necessary using 3rd party delivery, never know who's balls will end up in your salad.
How can I sleep and wake up at 9:15? I wake too early
try having browns -4 when the fucking running back steps out of bounds at the 1/2 ft line w/ no one around him with time running out. asshole
you doubled your money bro good job
not assassinate, relocate. he'll be sharing a room with tank man.
lmao gud point...even asian elon isnt safe....

&#x200B;

though it blows my mind that sum pepole think we're a facist country when fkin china has concentration camps
Yeah but Trevor Milton likes to grope his cousins tit
500 cars? Do you literally just make up numbers? They’re shipping 100,000 cars next year and already ship 500 cars every 3 days

So yes it’s confirmed that you don’t know basic math. I guess this is why I make so much money selling puts to you.

As for 2030, the point is that once you declare everything is switching from gas then the shift begins in earnest and investor sentiment changes since there is a predictable path towards scale for EVs. That’s why EVs have been so big this year as the UK isn’t the first country to do something like this with a target date of 2030, if you weren’t paying attention.

But sure keep lying about the number of cars shipped and calling random people you’ve never met retards like it makes you cool. Sorry being wrong isn’t cool even if you pat yourself on the back

You thought they’d shipped 500 cars 🤡
Post about it on the right sub how they should take all that fake money and put it into securities idgaf
All China cares about is money. They wouldn’t be intentional fucking this stock like they are unless there was money on the other side.
apple is kil
Don’t be a stupid fuck, enjoy your profits man. Just know you could have WAY more you autist.
[deleted]
WSB pumps, r/investing talks shit, r/investing fomos, WSB dumps. Repeat. Maybe not the dump part.
Pension funds exist to transfer wealth from middle class public employees into the coffers of the upper class.
It has been pretty shit lately
They don't call him Beijing Biden for no reason.
Regret
Depends on if they're hungover and running late but usually they show up after breakfast.
I can appreciate that
I am giving up this week, holding spy puts expiring this week
Fuck this stock.
Michael burry is the biggest fucking autist on the planet, short this shit
we’re breaking out of a bullish pennant. up from here
An addict bargaining, love it.
370c at open 💋🤤🤑
Feel free to inform me how they lost that $831M
Don't care about that.  Only interested in when they go up.
Launch gets delayed and everyone’s options go up in flames, just like the companies passengers during reentry.
gonna sink
Yeah he still has 2 more months to give us some dips 🙏
[deleted]
A chewy for funko pops isn't worth billions 😂. Their valuation is only gonna drop because they are not necessary, have a disadvantage in reaching customers because they could just use the in game store and their most profitable segment will soon be obsolete. 
I mean could say overly optimistic things about SPCE too, that because of hypersonic tech, their valuation will go up, rich people can easily afford the $250k tickets, just like SpaceX poses a threat for SPCE, cloud gaming, Amazon, Playstation, Microsoft stores pose a threat to GME.
yes yes no
We're a friendly, generous cult.
Money’s not real. Think about it
That's some sad shit,
What if no one gives a fuck what a lame duck clown says or does?? 🤔
Hot new artist? Your timing is off in both music and stocks
Looks like a beat
7k not bad fam, easy bounce
wait until you graduate to bowling pins. its like youre just getting started
Uh hopefully late 21.but definitely should have bought 22 or 23
I got a tortuga backpack
But they MAKE MONEY when BABA’s price increases, I dont understand what point you are making here
Is NIO traded outside of the US?
Your going places in life unlike me
Welcome,


I've been disappointed in GLW for 20 years. Glad to have you with me.
Remind me! 5 days
What’s going to happen to Arkk now?
AMZN ditched NVDA GPUs. Warm up your puts
Dammit. I had high hopes in pltr but too
Many people here jumping on it. Going to crash hard then I’ll buy it I guess
Marketing dude. Even my dad asked me about the M1 chip lmao
ok so as an example of weird shit I've seen before has been a selloff without VIX going up due to term structure at the time.
Where do u go to see this image daily? I need it to start yoloing on green stocks
At what time in the morning do stock prices show up?
Yes chef
What you frikking idiots don't understand is nkla burnt the shorts even without having a single car on the road and just renders and you are shorting a company with real cars/numbers and potential and based out of China of all countries. Good luck doing that lol
Yahoo finance
Sir, this is a gambling site.
Depends on the strike and when you buy and also, that's only 5 months away, not exactly a leap.
Not realized losses (at least not yet) - they increased reserves in anticipation of future benefit payments. That’s why their earnings took a hit in 2018. 

This reserve increase requested by the Maine dept of insurance should be the last time they need to adjust reserves given how big it is (50% of the reserves they already have for this line of business)
PJ boys bought the market a brand new rug with non-slip material on the bottom 🥰
Sup bro? You too?
Delete now
I think you missed the joke.
[deleted]
ur gonna be a rich man
Currently in APPS 35c, PINS 65c (re-entered after making 200K on a PINS 45c), NIO 40c, XPEV 40c, PTON stock since 65, GRWG at 20, CELH at 20, FVRR, NET, SQ, SHOP, TDOC, SE
That’ll help my HD calls
He did call it Friday in the vaccine presser, no doubt he will have to acknowledge it again tho at this rate!
[deleted]
It's a fire sale!!! Come on down to wall street bets craaaazzyyyy loss porn emporium. Did you have calls expiring the next day? Do you always buy out the money like it's going out of style? Well then! Do I have a market for you!!!!!! Buy buy high and always sell low!!! When your account can't get it up!!! Wallstreet bets loss porn emporium !!!
Usually this is when institutional buyers load up
[deleted]
Ban
Ban
Check alibaba hong kong on google
i have over 1k ivr calls for 2021...
This guy right here. Had 100 bucks on the Bills winning. Brutal 

Hurts more thank losing a k on FDs
A great day. I made 30k that day
[deleted]
Guyyyyyys. I don't think the president of NIO would lie to us like that.
Get in and get out quick
[deleted]
Can anyone talk to what decreasing the Interest Rate on Excess Reserves (IOER) rate to 0.05% means?
Yes I’m retarded and apparently so are you since you are here. Doesn’t change the fact that China hates when people make money off of them. They own BABA... They’re gonna make sure the stock plummets while they sit their and collect money off the profits. They’re big braining this shit.
Back in the good old days they were like 0.75 atm for weeklies
oh i thought that meant you bought 10 calls.  not 100 calls
JPow shot his load early.
30K riding on some 35c leaps. Let's gooooooo
it jumped 7% in a day on vaccine news, wait for the MRNA news and you will see another 7% day
Just don’t look her directly in the stank eye.
energy been printing wym
Lol
Tell that to the people who are serving near-life sentences for marijuana charges. There is still work to be done so people making marijuana legislation a priority are absolutely necessary.
Explain sir
HK market
Boring
Bro hi5. I got in at 290 too! I thought well this is a healthy pull back. Fking diamond hands fked me over again.
Don't touch BABA right now.


Trap
Municipal bonds, Ted. I’m talking double A rating. Best investment in America.
I think they're a good company. I see it going to 100bn long term if they expand operations (they don't even do home equity Loans).

They call themselves a tech company, but i need to see some more innovation.

Fyi my mortgage is with them. They are very good at selling you a mortgage. 

If rocket were a car dealer, they'd say "no job, no problem"
Niooo
He’s buying NIO puts at the bottom. Pretty tough action.
Is your grandma single? I’m asking for a friend.
Hoped in at 266. Will close above 280 this week for sure. Unless Jack bangs Pooh bears wife
Is that Engrish?
I’m sitting here listening to this hot new artist The Weeknd thinking about pulling the trigger on this Nio stock that’s gaining a bit of traction lately
[if you read this article, you will understand](https://www.founderscircle.com/10-year-expiration-of-incentive-stock-options-iso/)
i can smeel it
that’s why they’ve been going commercial - look at where their revenue is coming from and hows its changed
To be fair we haven’t seen it yet. It could be that big brollick 12 inch veiny bastard hanging off the edge of the bed. Or it could be a fresh out of the pool shy guy if they cover. Curious to see
The Big Short
"It's only 2 dollars... how low can it go?"

&#x200B;

FAAACK MEEE
Splitting my YOLO between NIO and SDC
His family will continue to run forever. This is the new family business. Hopefully someone cracks down on campaign finance since they’ll be stealing money non stop. 

Also, hoping SDNY and IRS come down on him hard
Get in loser - we’re going to the moon 🚀
RTRD
[removed]
If you really have to ask there is one. https://ftx.com/trade/BABA-1225

But people are talking about its listing in hongkong
[deleted]
I didn't read the "of March" part and almost had a heart attack
Mortality has gone up - but most of their life insurance coverage is in the form of group insurance on working age adults that aren’t at much risk of dying of COVID
Just got off my shift at Sam’s. Trust me panic has set in
Each sector looks like a tesseract as you go from the top left corner to bottom right
🚫🧢
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chad
My point exactly. Don’t be blind of them.
yea him and his short attention span...

member the tik tok deal that had a deadline? well no one cares
I didn’t even say anything political c’mon let me get my fill if I’m getting ban hammer
The longer I trade the longer I feel like these are all made up numbers that have no reflection on reality at all
Add FD to gain full retard potential
futures up roughly a percent i wouldn’t be sleeping good
only the brave go to uncharted territories 

is brave the right word?
>McDonalds or Popeyes

So it's really a lose-lose situation for your asshole.
Lmao if these funds bought Nio at 50+ Friday morning
Dulls the mental pain
A 15% pump in 2 weeks?

Jesus Christ dude.

EDIT: Even if we’re at $200 by 12/18, I would still be able to contain losses to 60%.
[deleted]
Who else had Bills and the Over. This bud's for you.
Bro.. I was so thinking about putting 5-10k in nio back then. Haven’t watched the market since then and it’s fucking 10x. Least I got in nvidia at 20 but feels bad missing wins
Just remember...
Mayor Lightfoot will have a big family gathering for Thanksgiving.


Mayor Lightfoot rarely wears a mask.



Do NOT question Mayor Lightfoot.




I miss Richie
Q4 2018 all over again for AAPL. 

If you had bought 09/18 you'd have to hold for a year to break even
Brother?
monopoly money
Are you retarded?  Biden winning is the best thing for Chinese companies, look at nio
I love that show!
Amen
Now that I loader up on NVDA calls, shits going to the basement.
*month*
Damn what I say?
[deleted]
The WSB ETF.
No thanks I dont read
Someone tell me the history of the bald guy
Lmfaooo I can’t wait til 9:30
My 2 favorite states
Buprenorphine is not stronger (and definitely not 3x stronger) than morphine. It's also not super effective for nerve pain and over the long term can make your pain worse. Gabapentin, pregabalin, duloxetine, or venlafaxine are all going to be better for nerve pain in the long term. Just something to consider.
Companies that rely on government contracts can't get monopoly sized big because the government would spread out the contracts to other companies, even if they have a worse product. They will be competing with Microsoft, Goolge, and Amazon, along with other smaller companies that lobby Congress.
dont worry about it fam, when you go to popeyes to order your food you can just fill out an application.
The fuck is this?
[deleted]
Go to NIO bruh, you’re missing out without NIO baby
Shit Trequan is having financial troubles let me sell stocks
Benchmarks are dog shit when my development environment can't run on it, and games can't run on it. Wtf does it need all that speed for.

But AAPL 125C a few weeks out
Are we duke nukem rn?
Who’s talking about nooks?
Prolly is
Amazon dude
VIRGIN GANG
Not gonna happen. Would have happened before election.
AMC gunna pump on any vaccine news and I’m here for it.
I'm feeling Nikola over NIO as an EV play honestly. Much less crowded trade and we're talking about GM's scalability behind commercial EV transportation. That's not the same lane as Tesla. Infrastructure overhaul is going to reduce the need for personal vehicles. 

Specs on Nikola and Uber.
burry had a position well over a year and a half ago. this sub has only been on gme for like 5 weeks
I agree. I am long the market but I raised cash hoping the market would pull back and give me a chance to reposition.  Unfortunately it looks like we do not get anything meaningful.  Not even with the threat of record cases, lockdowns, etc.
I like small books just as much as big books. As long as girl is attractive
Risk tolerance?
Smart money make money.
Why what happened?
Can’t wait to see my GME calls expire worthless this week. Fisting my own ass is more fun
I hope it dips so I can buy more.  I already have some, but I wouldn't mind more money.
[deleted]
Who is the acquisition target
Sleepy will remove it, means nothing.

If it goes down, take advantage and buy calls
It’s hunting season and the 🌈🐻 are hiding in the forest
I think I might be too sarcastic with ppl but like I can’t stop. Sometimes ppl think I’m serious and I’m joking and sometimes they think I’m joking but I’m serious. What do?
Apple, Starbucks, oil companies
Spy
Or cancels the trade deal
Riding SPCE, PLTR, NIO weeklies
$GT
Will never happen again ever. All in calls
357p
Q4 and Q1 are going to be highly pandemic influenced.
You just gotta time the exit somewhat and you are golden.
I am planning to hold through Jan - Feb and keep a close eye on covid development.
Pos: 1017 shares (a bit less than half my portfolio) since I'm euro gay and we don't have options over here on this

Investment case is basically streaming + competition valuation
ccp is scary af
Yeah and COVID is fake
Wrong sub r/thetagang
Should I sell my ICLN to buy more PLTR
Nobody will. Those dudes are a bunch of knuckleheads. Like the idiots mailing white powders to the Trumps. At least one guy was an anarchist and everything. Never understood these idiots with violence, I want her humiliated in November just embarrassed and laughed out of society.
How y’all feeling about AAPL? I think it’s time to finally have a great week
Why not LEAPs?
[deleted]
Anyone else bullish af on apple? That one month chart is mouthwatering
virgin America: Isn't named chad. Americans citizens get all old and wrinkly, like BOOMERS.

Chad Chad: Is named chad. Chad citizens die in the prime of their life and will never become boomers.

how will ameripoors ever recover
Please post any findings
Going to buy more BABA and another Chinese company. I’ll let everyone know once I’ve bought it...
baba r fuk
Potential down spike or up spike weird shit?
Why not buying both? always diversify your positions.
Are nukes bullish or bearish?

Was anyone here when the Hawaii "nuke incoming" false alarm went off? Did futures limit down?
They are.  On girls.
I’ll suck your gf’s boobies
Thanks, I hate it
Ok that’s fair
No one gives a shit what he does, he is also gonna run for 2024 so he wont want to fuck things up top bad
what site tho
Keep it coming suits read these forums
Can someone give me a good stock for a wheel strategy?
Insert quarters
> buffet 

Tell him to get off BYD and get on NIO like a real man.
No they were already deemed essential in April
Like a sheep to the slaughter.
Seems bullish to me
Not too bad imo
Wanted to get in PLTR tomorrow but I’m worried that I should stay away from it now that it’s spammed here on WSB
IWM is literally going to $200 by dec 1st
>but people hate those for the same reason they hate shares.

I feel the same way- but thats a weakness. Emotion can only cost you money; if the market figures you out they'll jack up the price. Take & See whats there, not what you want.
Parlayed all of my margin and nio winnings into a bunch of random calls people in the daily thread were particularly bullish about a week ago. Pltr, sqqq, rkt, gme, some others idk but how fuck am I?
Good old days
Good or bad?
piece of shit why JD and not BABA

Edit: actually makes sense since JD was up friday and BABA down
lmfao i wish - aapl been sideways the past week
Current positions?
Wish I knew about options then instead of being an absolute numale and rolling in several months later.
Is there a BABA futures ticker?
What if mango man puts in trade restrictions against specific Chinese companies?  He could really fuck things up
You’re one of those people who remembers the 1 time something bad happens instead of the 99 times something is good huh?
pretty near term.  ipo wont happen by then for ant
Just wait for 🥭 to tweet something about the markets being ATH
My girlfriend told me boobs are normal. Thoughts?
It ain’t over till the fat lady sings
Bears r fkd😂🍼👶🥺
Wondering who’s loading baba on these dips. Must be some asshole MMs.
F
Just buy equal amounts of all of them and if more than half win you're good.
Why are nio calls so much money sheesh
I saw the Dow Jones was down so I got off my fucking ass and came here and made a difference
I need that 3% pump at 6am
[deleted]
I’m patient
What’s that
Meatwad?
My brother, are you sure you want to live the rest of your life in this type of intimacy? As a 40 yo, been through two marriages male, I can not stress the importance of a happy/semi-happy sex life. You wouldn’t want to be at the age of 55 and jerking off to young girls in public because you haven’t had your prime in your early ages.
Paging /r/investing.  Another one of yours is lost.  Please come get him before the derelicts in /r/wallstreetbets beat him up for his lunch money.
Lmaooooo
Imagine Yellen as treasury secretary and JPOW at the fed. It’s like the BrrrRrrRrRrrrrrrr dream team.
Trailing Stop Loss.   Best thing ever.   Let fate decide.
Hear just sells headphones not for me
And daddy BABA
No one knows shit. If anyone did we'd all be rich
The source is Henry's twitter I believe
BABA will hit $400 once the political turmoil goes away, this is a warning shot from the Gov not a fatal shot. Have patience I wouldn't bet against Jack ma
You have a very good point and this will indeed affect them in one way or another. But money is money and it will talk, at least that's what I think.
Nothing better than holding poots and seeing all these cocky bulls. Sleeping good tn
Futures opened higher immediately rocketed up then ran out of fuel
Mouuninnaa
-____-
It’s been reacting a lot lately. Time for antitrust talks goin well
Lol magic carpet
reliable source is reliable
[deleted]
And proud of it
Fyi you won't be able to hold FXI if Trumps executive order goes thru
Prolly thinks you're gay.
Follow $SPCE news. NM is in lockdown which may cause another delay to VG's test flight next week.
[deleted]
11/16 just looking for that pop and lotto ticket
Damn no need to be mean 😭😭😭😭 im just new to this betting this ya heard. I always like to take the easy way. Making 300 a week isnt bad over. A few months thats a lot of dollars 🤓

But i figured making one yolo move per month or 2 would kill me. But i might lose some dollars tho
This is such a joke.
If razer can have such an inflated market cap with these kids of sales then my 1k CRSR stock should be worth double.
Isn’t IV way to high rn though? What strike and date ?
100 11/27 calls? What strike retard. If not $20 then fuck you
If anybody actually attacks or harms her for this, America honestly just deserves to die.
Obese with a large hole
Oh they still playin
Its me you feel
[deleted]
I've got 60c 11/27 and 70c 11/27, both of them bought with 11/20 50c gains from friday before andrew fuck released that article.
Familiarized myself with Corning Inc (GLW) and they are the real deal. Theyre making self sanitizing glass, all our smartphone screens, and all the vials for these pharma companies. They’re boomer for sure but there should be a nice steady incline over the next few months.
Blah blah blah.   🌈 🐻
Me too, but it’s been months. We don’t even know if she’s still in custody. After Las Vegas and Epstein I have strong faith anything could be covered.
Unsettling mental image
the gov gave kodk the loan
Easy money being a professional short seller. Short company. Put out report...stock tanks immediately which reinforces correct prediction. Buy shares/calls on the cheap. Make money both ways
My GME tendies agree with papa Burry
You think their revenue is going to take a hit?
Put it all on NIO puts. Gonna come tumbling down this week.
Yeh bc logic says they should be flipped...spy 0 and baba ATH
As a Michigan alumnus we a basketball school now!
I got the same call. Which expiry? Holding 11/16 and 365 11/20. Hoping we get a nice MRNA pop in the morning.
NIO calls are free money 🚀🚀🚀

They jumping to tendie town
Can you pass those on to your kids?
Probably the only person excited about the MI lockdown news.
Bears just built different
Why some of you don't like bee tea z?
Ban
Shut your pie hole, who cares what they think. If it hypes up my calls, leave it be.
Ikr?
mofo really said kil baba
Yes, but I was gonna anyway
tendie town population: PLTR, you, and me, buddy
7 or 730 am (EST) tomorrow pre market.
Explain BABA.
app bullish pennant let’s go 125 🍏
Crazy weather. No one should blame anyone for anything tonight, just write it off and move on
[deleted]
Welp, tomorrow isn't going to be a great day for my 3/19 IWM $150p's. I paid $4.09 per contract for them.

I'll write some 12/18 $150p's tmrw as spreads, and will hopefully collect $0.80 per contract.

Then, if 12/18 rolls around and IWM has pumped 5% from here up to $182, my 3/19's should still be worth $1.98 (present value of the 2/19 $141p).

By writing a monthly calendar spread, I should contain my max losses to 32%, even in the "worst case" scenario that IWM pumps 5% before 12/18.

Wish me luck, autists.
Quantum chips are already here and in use.
Account ded tomorrow. Fuck you BABA
MFCF
not for pltr - loading up another 1500 shares on open tmr, currently 3000 which aint enough
Well, doesn't look like you're going to hear the end of political shit after the election.... Lol

Lawsuits Galore..  God help us.
Heavyweight BIGC
Rofl "there's no sign of inflation"
Only thing we have going for us is the bill of rights
Antitrust. The company will be destroyed
Meet me in the back by the dumpster😉
You get a better broker or you search for the hk tickers
U are totally fucked.
Reacting to Xi personally pulling the plug.
o man, I wouldnt trust that. Suuch an easy number to manipulate
shit bruh, gonna hope JD pumps baba?  sell it or hold?
I mean December leap calls are up 2400% while February 2021 calls are up 4000%. That's def indicative of meme status. What the flying fuck?! Please explain
I got your back bro.

William Li is that dude that eats spaghetti bolognese with chopsticks.
But WHY? What EXACTLY is the reason it shouldn't in theory go below that?
[deleted]
LONG ATVI r/blackopscoldwar is just their paypigs coping about how “muh game buggy” since theyre terrible at it and theyll just keep buying the next game
Bad idea, baba will be destroyed all next year
Newton with that hop, skip, and a jump.
I'm balls deep in that 368C so we shall see
04/21 $35
[deleted]
Try selling earlier
[deleted]
this is the way
Safe heaven
How is baba doing?
It’s hilarious. Guys are total cucks
when economy opens back up ppl will go to the gym not buy peloton bikes
Ya we’re pretty dumb we got some smart kids too but they are all complacent, we need some actual leaders to step up from our generation or else we will be living in a modern wasteland
I managed to get in at 4$ so it's doing nice and well for me so far. Just figuring out if and when to sell
But 11 is on Netflix? I just watched it
is there a vax available? then no shorting
can confirm
Gold and silver futures are up tho
[deleted]
Who cares about a stupid boomer index?
I hear that makes me a few degrees hotter... I need all the help I can get
You have a point. It was a blessing to have played during that age.
I might be joining the cult too. Forever android user but tired of finding the right phone every 2 years. Might just give up and get an iPhone. IDGAF about roms etc anymore no time for that.
Always
You are an idiot who drinks his cum
Are you shitting me baba took another shit?
The Dow Jones went down, we gotta get it up
Nah that ain’t cool
$10
This is a great price to grab BABA. But I gotta fuck with JD, BILI, and WMT earnings first.
Wait until Tuesday then dump in TGT calls ~$5> OTM
Will you let me cum on your face tho
Thinking of Baba leaps April 2021. Thoughts?
Hrmm may as well lol. Worked out last Monday. But friday we kept pumping
Some are also listed in hongkong. But not sure what the prices over there mean.
You have to make peace with the fact that you'll never buy at the exact bottom, nor sell at the exact top..  But luckily there's still plenty of opportunity to make money inbetween
The rug got pulled on these 🌈🐻
On it’s way to 0.
what makes you say this
yeah
Cocaine
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
then dont buy weeklies u cunt
BABA getting put in the gulag? What's going on with the stock lately
Bearish on Jim Harbaugh's career
Keep talking dirty to me
Plan: Buy a shit ton of pltr and then wait for tendie town
lol ok mr technicality. estimated floor is $10, it wont go much below $10 pre-merger. happy? go read up on how SPACs work before coming here with your boomer shit
Say that to my 12 upvotes
super retarded options like spy 90p were cheap and still printed.
Puts on whitmer
puts on thailand
Judging from the comments, were definitely at "delusion" and "denial"
Ban
the fuck are you talking about
can you feel it mr krabs?
BIGC. Babbbby.
Telecom
When I attempt this (although market is closed) RH says I don’t have enough collateral.
Netscape navigator
Green
Free Uncle Ben and Aunt Jemima
So what did they announce?
Asia stonks absolutely mooing - Asia is recovering well from COVID and should lead the Western world in growth and expansion for the next the decade, put some money in FXI and EWJ leaps, won't be instant 10 baggers but will help you recover your FD losses over the long term. Should expect those to 3 to 5x in 10% OTM calls or so in the next 2 years.
🔥🏷️🔥**ALL I SEE IS A FIRE SALE!**🔥🏷️🔥
There’s also NKLA and wire card. Stfu
This ship cant sink
[https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/truckers-strike-thanksgiving/](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/truckers-strike-thanksgiving/)  


this might be something
join us in betting on the downfall of the economy  🌈🐻
Not so much of a meme
Too late for PLTR and SOLO?
Fuck everything about HP:

https://www.theregister.com/2020/11/12/hp_free_printing/

Can we all just short the shit out of it for this stupid shit.
Ik ik but I meant like being 11 playing it again
You have to set a % to sell.
I just text Xi and ask him what his plans are for the market tomorrow
In that case, my move is to get up and have a great day that’s memorable and enjoyable
Based on your own DD it would seem that HEAR is the best deal of these 3 companies
Very carefully
Love you hopefully I actually read this right. Buy with 80% abs save 20% for dips!!
Yeah jpow been done
Hopefully this week....
ban
Where is baba?
Sounds like you may hit a 10 bagger per this forum
***Thailand GDP (Q3) Y/Y -6.4% vs. Exp. -8.6% (Prev. -12.2%)***

Bangkok 🐻🐻
Were earnings announced?!
Relax boomer
You still can. Hahaha
Sure, buy a life insurer in the middle of a pandemic.
Huh? Im confused. How is this a strangle? Im still pretty new to this. Bear with me. (no pun intended) haha.
With everything going on right now if your personality is a weed legalization advocate you’re fucking boring. That being said I fucking love weed. There’s a lot of bigger shit going on though. I don’t even hide my weed anymore that’s how little people care about it.
Let’s hold here, dip slightly at opening, let me sell my CCs and then we can all get aboard the rocket.
If Jack Ma's roblox head ass doesn't get his shit together I'm pulling out of his cube ass for the Roblox IPO
Sir
Elaborate
BABA holders and SPY Bears in shambles .... 🙋
I feel it but I'm not confident in what I feel
I’ll see u at the soup kitchen
I really hope it's Christmas and some big names go down, just for Schadenfreude's sake.
Don't take advice from anyone here. like those nerds in the 501st the only way you get it in is learning how to make the suit your self. 

https://www.investopedia.com/

Type in puts and good luck retard.
Atm now
They should hurry up so I can get rich, wtf.
Light coin going parabolic rn
PLTR and sell FD's
Bentonville. We’re one of the most profitable and biggest clubs in the country, very close to the Walmart HQ, and usually get shipments very early compared to other clubs
Victoria Secret
[removed]
[removed]
Yes brother it is !
Nio calls bro.  
Buy start of day, dump end of day.  


Was down 16k in March, but through the glory and power of Nio, I've recouped that loss, and made a bit of profit.
I need strikes and dates
Yes
Thought about this. I wish universal healthcare was a thing. Would make this plan so much easier. Might be able to qualify for medicare or pay for ACA though
This is gay. 
Stonks only go up.
Time to inverse all you dummies.
360c SPY bought on Friday , how we looking ?
what website u use
[deleted]
Wet bear asshole.
Does anyone think $baba will come back this week or next week? Asking for a friend....
Since when do we just believe Chinese numbers. Pepper ridge farm remembers Luckin Coffee
So C.C.P. is sending their top agents to assassinate A.L.?
Bruh moment
Tsm calls
Congrats. Your social score also went up a few points now that your text messages won’t be coming in green.
BHC calls
Michigan and Chicago shut down. Who we shorting?
Well she’s in jail sure she might even get iced like her boss, but I want to see the people on the island also see justice. That’s the issue. she’s been in custody for months and we don’t even know if she’s alive. We do know that no fucking new names have been released though.
I bet on slightly less disgusting degenerate activities
How will I know that my contracts expired yesterday then
2nd mortgage? Cash-out refinance? Sell a kidney? Offer your asshole to bums on the street? Plenty of ways to restart my boy.
We gotta get the Dow Jones up
That's a good trick.
Yo agreed.    Ride the fuckin wave    Haters mad chinaman getting money.
Yes
Its so hard to time the sell... I end up missing it and holding for to long
Where do I get a DOW 30,000 hat?
I had to check OP’s history to see how retarded he is coming in here.
Didn’t even go to the investing sub! Just straight here. How the fuck do you go straight here with mindset of investing? With a shit ton of questions.

This was full retard. 0/10 effort.
35 points bagged what’s stonks doing right now?
Pin the post to serve as a warning. Heads on stakes!
Are you in Ohio?
Dude just fucking throw it in some solid stocks and delete your fucking app
[deleted]
QFIN, next MEME STOCK. MARK MY WORDS, GET IN TOMORROW
NIO/XPEV/LI
[deleted]
Okay, put my life savings into short Spy futures, ill message you when I win bigly
المخاطرة بلدي الأحمق الأبيض فطيرة
Type hk9988 on google, click it and there ya go
[removed]
[deleted]
Depends.

I was working in the shop while also dealing with 20+ calls a day for other work related stuff and it’s been amazing. If you do any kind of blue collar work and don’t want to pull your phone out with dirty hands every time it buzzes, I highly recommend the watch.
Remindme! 5 days
Burry says to go all in on China because of Asia-Pacific trade deal. BABA to the moon?
Just caus it means Green Day doesn’t mean Green Day for all stocks
CHINA NUMBA 1 ASSHOE
What’s the difference between leaps and buying shares? I thought both was kinda 🌈
[removed]
How are you seeing prices for Chinese stocks?
Got the watch about a week ago. Not sure why but I love it. Lot of convenience factors. Have the Amazon earbuds.
If you have shares, you'll be fine.
JPOW left the chat a while ago
Yea how do you check those ?
boomer
Any bulls willing to drink their own pee if this goes red by open?
I mean this was just reported. The effects of this newly reported information are not priced in.
Zoom out to a 1Y or 6Mo chart
Because Fisker is basically just white labeling cars.
William Li the type of guy to wash his entire car with a gas station window washer


Too soon?  Do I have to wait for the Hindenburg report to come out?
LMAO I love how on Instagram they replaced the button you would press to get notifications with a 'Shop' button. Everyone who's primed to keep clicking their notifications gonna keep doing it and maybe spend some money. It's kind of pathetic but also brilliant at the same time.
How we opening tomorrow? 🌈 🐻 pink sock red?
I think I’m just bicurious
#BULLISH
Nek minet
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nah we need the hype so we can get mad tendies off calls on the IPO then it goes tits up and we can buy in and do cash covered puts
Futures my G. Download Invensting.com app or some other malware and you’ll be able to see it like the rest of us.
>Anyone else have buying $15c 12/18c at open tomorrow. This looks like it could erupt!
Sorry BABA bag holders, if you survive- feel free to hop on PLTR 🚀
Is there a penalty to selling early?

Also does the gain increase the lower it gets. So he bet it would lose money but instead of going to 88 from 100 it went to 20 does that i increase his gains?

Also what does selling call ass is grass mean ?

I feel like i should be paying you guys for this knowledge. God bless 🙏🙏🙏🙏😤😤😤😤
YES
Uncle Pow hasn’t started even started pumping yet.
People are running into GameStop and squeezing each other.
Calls on witch titties.
Omg futures mouuninh
To find the next x5 bagger stock over 3 years
SPY 400 2021
Some of y’all report news that’s either a week and a half late or so insignificant that it might as well not be said.
you know there are other countries with other markets?
VIX rollover is coming up on Wednesday so expect weird shit.
Cruises hit their bottom and will recover on positive vaccine news, and when a vaccine is eventually ready
Beware the Ides of March
Let's face it, wsb full of mango simps who only dislike nio because they were told to hate China. Sure china is awful but let's get some fucking money out of em.

Nio $60 eow.
Anyone going to play spy strangles tomorrow? Positions?
Bunch of bag holders got excited when Michael Burry announced positions and they jumped in but now the smart people left and the retards are bleeding out
My portfolio being roughly 60% NIO calls makes so much sense after reading that.. lolololol.
Dude I’ve legit burned 20k buyin shitty options. I’m down to $2000 buying power where do I throw it??!
Either otm, or deep otm. Like sometimes .02 to .05 to sell.

To be clear, im not doing any of this with my entire portfolio.
Xilinx makes it impossible.
Straight up?
That's the best part of what happened in March, this is "officially" a new bull market now so all the idiotic statistics of xx length get reset. In the minds of the tea leaf readers we are totally fine to run up for another 10 years now.
Took a quantum information class in college
The great thing about being young is all the years you have ahead of you to earn more money to lose in the market.
But it relies on people working at McDonald's.
Didn't you get the memo? No hype, so we can pile in low. Hype it the algos get it then we're chasing after them.
Got it, I only read about 5 sentences in this post but you've convinced me, putting 10k into PLTR at market open baby lets go. Not even joking btw.
Long UVXY calls (looking at Jan 2022) - good or bad idea as a hedge? Just seem so much more likely to print than SPY puts, but if shit doesn't hit the fan, is VIX just going to keep going down, down, down?
Who's fuckin with WMT earnings? Nice pop coming or WMT plus already priced in? I'm guessing they'll guide bigly.
I kinda felt like that was the death of the meme fueled moonshot. A lot of people were getting off on being part of Elon's war with shorts. Once that went away I think a lot of autists went flaccid.
Just flip the burgers slower. It will buy you some time.
give me a reason why pton isnt on its way to 130?
Good week last week, made me money, hopefully they crush earnings and make me more money
It literally says next year...
You’re right. I have to learn new strategies in all honesty, long calls and puts are the only thing I know. If I take an L this week then i’m gonna take some time and learn theta gang, spreads, all the other strategies. Thanks man! Wish you well this week!
Have your wife's boyfriend throw  in a pool your new name is bob the retard
I think you mean INO?
They sold 5.1k cars in October and are actively expanding into Europe.  They just increased to 2 shifts a day 2nd week of November to double output on high demand.  They are aiming to produce 300k cars per year by 2021-2022.
Imagine how lazy the average american is then imagine that enough are getting tested daily for 180k people to be positive a day
Fuckers just signed a huge free trade deal too ... asian pact
JD mooning in honggong rn
DOW HEADED TO 50K. GAP UP ON WEEKLY AND THE DAILY?

fuggedaboutit
SPY 420 when
Nothing could save out puts right now it’s ggs
I’ll tell u one thing tho. Jack ma be speakin Guhhhnese .
it's public information... I think
Good article talking about monetary supply / different types of inflation.. what we're seeing in equities right now.. etc.

[https://www.lynalden.com/november-2020-newsletter/](https://www.lynalden.com/november-2020-newsletter/)
Facts. Toss in early february when tesla came within inches of 1000
[deleted]
china will take all that money going out of baba and put in the ev trinity
BABA 248. We started 246. We want to go 249? Post more bear hate idc.

baba low 270s by friday
They just added them a couple days ago. Still time to get in tomorrow. They’re cheap right now. I’m now going to load up on shares.
I don't understand your comment it isn't about NIO.
🥭 man can't do anything other than executive orders. If he did an executive order Biden would just click edit undo.
Lmaooooooo
I am wondering when will my solar bois print
slow paced climb? buddy we jumped from spy 320 to 360 in like 7 trading days
Red by open a guarantee
more like back in the slums retard
Man or woman or animal which ass do you like
Sell eod tomorrow before ER? Seriously now what do you think?
Imagine investing in this shit show of a “company”
URMOM 69C
I'm also more shares than calls. First dip into CN nonsense and very hesitant about CN in general. Only one contract therefore.
 So when it evens out, we should see a spike?
Bro....




Fuck yeah
It's not looking great right now for my SPY puts, but Sidney Powell going to lower the boom.

[Release The Kraken](https://youtu.be/SKfcpvMajEc)
Also it’s “virgin” galactic. Who the hell wants to ride those spaceships to space
what price u buy in at?  i am bullish too
Bro get them all it’s amazing how well they work together.
This is not the way
So it’s already priced in you dill pickle.
Thinking sell off?
Didn't it officially end with the 6 week recession which was followed by the beginning of the next 10 year bull run?
Yeah. It's going up! So, that's good. I just need it at $280 by 11/20
[deleted]
I've never heard of anti monopoly in my thirty years living there before Jack Ma offended Winnie the Pooh. Such is the political environment in China, one needs to read between the lines.
MSFT 220 tomorrow plz thanks Mr Nutella
Buyden said no lockdowns.

Cuomo didn't shut down schools. 

Orange guy Freudian slipped that he lost before backpedaling.

Moon continues.
Man... I couldn’t fucking tell you.
Imagine still not realizing this market only goes up after 8 months of non stop brrring
yea i guess might only sell a little rn so i can buy back more if it dips to around 10-12 dollars witch is possible
[deleted]
it's the term structure for 2 months. it's heavily backweighted right now so that means it's tracking volatility for next month.
Lol you just destroyed the sleep of 10% of this sub
The value to raise abit then sell off :/
> I've not done any DD

User was banned for this post. 

Please do not abuse DD flair.
This baba chart in hongkong really looks like baba last Friday smh
Probably
Didn’t that happen already
Squeeze short
You have bearish tendencies while drunk.  Apparently it's quite common among young men.
Still gay tho.
Baba fought between 247.200 and 247.800 in last 5 mins. If it goes up to 248 I think it'll trend.

Stay calm.
Apple                                                                                   Apple
Apple                                                                                   Apple
Election uncertainty and straight up recovery instead of a slower paced climb like we’re seeing now.
Squeeze soon(ish)
Another play is, assuming there is a run up until the 12/4, wait until near close of market on the 3rd and buy 2week deep otm put (not sure what price.. $350p or lower?), which should be super cheap given that the price has presumably run up in the meantime. 

In the case tsla stays out of S&p those puts should return multiples.

The only issue is that this is a one directional bet.

I'm not sure there is a way to take advantage of an inclusion in the same cheap way, considering there will be a run up of the sp by the 4th. Buying shares on the morning after is a way to make some money but doesn't compare with buying calls for cents on the dollar that turn out to be worth a few dollars.
Is there a value table that would show how much money would be made. Im sure it has to be against the amount of stocks he holds but not sure how the value of the made money would be.  But i think i get the jist. So the beat part would be to sell as soon as the contract hits my desired limit.  Thanks man
cause him and a bunch of other people bought calls last week and are tired of getting theta shrekt
Outrageous
86% of NIO ownership is from institution and hedge funds. You are having a confirmation bias because WSB is hyping the stock. in reality, the whole wsb owns less than 0.01% of this 50B market cap company
[deleted]
Has it not happened yet???
Who made money shorting that!!! not me.....
Went deep in JD last week and wanted to go deep in BABA tomorrow so hopefully it waits till I load up before it pops
Futures up.  Ya dingus
The Porsche sqyeeze was a 12 inch hard dong of a squeeze. The GME was a soft,.flaccid 2 incher.
BABA $300

CHINA WILL PERFORM BETTER IN TRADE THAN WORLDWIDE OVERALL- NBS
Lol and why’s that my friend.
bro its over
Daddy Biden is coming for ya racists. Make America Great Again 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Console pleb
SPY only gains in AH so chances are it will break upwards. Against my best interests
Half?! Jesus I fuckin hope not
At this point I think it's just hype. Been hearing that since Friday but no one has given me any sources and I'm holding calls
[deleted]
going to be 28 degrees in NYC wednesday, tuesday at close buying puts. as thermometer goes up tendies go up
I almost had an aneurism trying to read this.
That's hot
Word. I fell down a Google hole a few months ago on her and the information stuck. I wish I could get rid of it for something more useful because who fucking cares she was a boring con artist. Now if that Epstein chick doesn't go to jail for ever and ever...that is fucking hell to pay.
I have no legs
I can't believe this bull market has been going for 11+ years now. It's hard to imagine anything dethroning it.
You really don’t know anything about TM’a renewable vision. If you’re gonna long it, you’re doing it for the hydrogen first-comer strategy. Its EV technology, while highly technically admirable, is behind the times.
I'm using my kid's chemo treatment funds to buy calls on Nio tomorrow, literally YOLO.
You can check futures
This is maybe the very worst piece of advice I've ever seen.
same thing happening again w/ covid
Check your circuit breaker. Only circuit breaker bears will actually see.
With his eyes, I would guess.
[deleted]
Don’t sleep on gold, silver and vix
Sell it then. I sold a NIO put at the drop on Friday and plan to roll it for more credit tomorrow. Use that IV crush to your advantage and put it in your pocket. Then when you get a better idea of the direction NIO wants to go after earnings, buy puts or calls at a discount.

Edit: nvm you don’t have enough left in your account to sell lol
I’m just going to put this out there. I’m an attorney, my firm was contacted by NKLA to create a 401k plan, we told them the cost was between 10-15k and they didn’t bat a eye. I have no idea if they actually have a product or not, but I have yet to have a company request to create a 401k plan because they didn’t anticipate business success.
He must be Arab.. never heard that word
I see. Just saw people throwing 246 and panicking. Either way, it's not that low, at least not yet.
I trust if it’s just some lucky kid who made it big on an option bet, it would be fine yeah?
Third quarter. I said it in another comment.
Beat yourself with your tard leg then
Bars
dude tell me about it. i walked into work friday up 100% on these calls. but patients kept coming in like a bunch of noobs. so now i'm stuck diamond handing the weekend. i woke up today thinking it was monday...................
since june ive been holding shares and selling on spikes. Up about 50k total, including the huge fucking slide recently. This slide flamed about half my overall earnings for the year. I sold when it hit 23 but bought back too early around 18/19.
Wish I had seen they had options now before market closed. I got 400 shares but wanted some calls
🤟
Jaaayyyy Deeeeee!! Lesgooooo bb!! 🚀🚀🚀
Now that traders have had a whole weekend to read that pathetic citron report, NIO is going to activate thrusters
The Glass Menagerie is a good one
I really hope it works out for guys
I’ve accepted it already
If BABA really goes down another 5% tomorrow, I am going to sell half of my position and buy into BABA. I am poor, so that would be under 15k but hey it's 50%
I definitely want to try and time a short but don’t want to get burned. Might do a small short position.
Spy is at resistance either it breaks and moon or we fall
Check your breaker box kid
I bought Tesla back at like $60 or something figuring I wanted a chunk of the company because they looked promising. I had no idea what the fuck was happening for the next 6 months. I think I sold the last of it at the tippy top because it just looked insane at that point.

My timing is usually retarded. I just had dumb luck on Tesla. I didn't even know it had become a meme stock until I found WSB, AFTER I sold it. May NIO be your Tesla.
Reset your breakers you limp dick nancy
[deleted]
Where did you learn to do that?
Imagine if you put 20k on nio in June you'd have 640k now!
so rich mayne
TSLA isn't an EV company, it's a population growth management company.
Lmao I set up an order to buy SPY puts at open last night when I was drunk wtf was I thinking
?
This will be just like last Monday. I'm selling everything at open
Thought FSR had a Nov 15th announcement
SNAP $60 EOY
Is this a message that NIO free falls at opening tomorrow?
How you feeling?
[deleted]
Noob question - how can releasing the lock on the other 80% shares affect the price next year?
What town???? I’m holding a couple bearish positions and I’m counting them as 100% losses
There was a rocket launched today.  How many more clues do you need?
This is the way.
otm is even more risky but for the twitter play i did atm and otm
Nah but for real so how are people checking on alibaba now ??
Can’t be king of the world if you’re a slave to the grind

Halestorm cover though
I've been asking my wife since we got married, she has yet to give me a straight answer
Yes to be more specific in the third quarter
NEVER bet against the PayPal mafia. They're thinking 20 steps ahead.
[deleted]
8 should've gone shares. I think we'll go low 270s by Friday.
Yikes Baba, was expecting it to pump. Looks like 257.50 USD atm
It's kinda funny watching the type of ads that I get after browsing certain websites and saying different things. They really are building up that profile on you. Maybe I should turn on this vpn that I pay for.
$400 on futes. Bed time 😴
Why you smelling them shits?
Jesus Christian Bale my friend you're gonna have a stressful week
risk what?
Bulls literally only want one thing and its fucking disgusting
Stop spreading these retarded shit. They just disclosed it for Q3 SEC filing, they bought it weeks or even months ago and just disclosed it.

Same people who spread about how Soros bought PLTR, he bought at $9.5 and news  just got public🤡
Some think it’s gonna eat up BABA, others not so much. All I know is I need gains tomorrow which isn’t looking very likely. Taking investment advice from WSB guarantees me a 9000% ROI
That  i didn’t know. Well let’s see. I don’t really care much about what happens to her though now knowing Epstein was a thing.
How has no one said "ban" to this love letter?
Worse they double poop.  Anus  (butthole) and vagina (pussyhole) both excrete little shits
lmao
Headline risks
Calls or puts
How is this being spun as a pumping point? It’s a pension fund, they’re notorious for being terrible with peoples money lol
[removed]
My power went out.  Now my router will not power on when plugged into different outlets. But for some reason it only works in my bedroom.  Why is that?
In a few months NIO is gonna be the latest meme stock to bankrupt half the sub again lol. Idk why people jump on meme stocks without even considering risk management
I can feel greed in the air, last 2 times we had big dicks like this was June 8 and September 4...right after I lost over half my portfolio each time riding calls...take it for what it is
Stop working duh 🙄
They got a while to do that
The put contract would gain value if the stock dropped from 100 to 88 so you would make money
[deleted]
Forgive me for not joining the celebration of adults being adults
Yo, stop freaking out about BABA.

This is the first trading day on the HK exchange after US Friday trading. It is following US Friday. It is simply mimicking. Duh.
the ultimate yolo
8k shares and 330c for March
my thoughts exactly
One sucka dead, Gyna times front page! 

Lol.
No
You'll find out tomorrow at 9AM. siiiike. IDK, just a guess.
im pretty sure ta doesn't work on vix
They're worried man. NIO callholders have the tightest assholes on the planet right now. They're praying for one last pump so they can GTFO
then why did we crash in june/sep/oct
I would mostly use the watch as a Fitbit that worked with the ecosystem but I definitely see what you mean. I built a windows for my work computer but I have a Mac for when I’m oot and aboot
I have no arms
y'know how sometimes UVXY acts weird?

that explains why.
Here’s the thing....if you find it fishy. 

Dont trade it. 

Money saved.
unironically good for tech
my call is about to fly, buying some shares as well.
Yess I learned that the hard way the first half of the year, would just play weeklies.  Damn bro sorry to hear that. They are ripping you off smh
Heroin cause my family already judges me enough on how I waste my money
Me rikey
ps5
Sbux 100c
And Pfizer safety data to actually start vaccinating
fuck man. My MSFT 3/20 195c's were gonna print. Me tendies! I hope they're in a better place now
"tHe StOcK MArkEt iS DeTacHed FrOm ReAlity." 


No shit. It doesn't work at McDonald's.
Are you surprised to find someone with a life outside watching futes?
90% of the market is usually long 90% of the market is usually wrong too this must be where the remaining 10% are
The iced caramel latte hit different for me, with the cream on top. Makes me feel like a blonde chick in uggs and yoga pants
Lol have you seen the volume on it? The big boys are playing we're just riding the wave
Women have an easier time blending in. It is why autism in women is under diagnosed. Most women in engineering probably have slight autism.
fuk ya. spy 300
That is not true, it does not always follow our market. On Wednesday it gapped down even though the market was up. This was because it dropped down further in HK. 

Look where BABA closes on Tuesday and where it opens on Wednesday. Now look at Nasdaq index on Tuesday afternoon and Nasdaq open on Wednesday.
Trying to trade at work is too stressful
Puts?!?!?.?
If you are new, shut the fuck up and start doing some research. Noone needs to spoon feed you.
congrats on your tendies
[deleted]
BABA is going up.

If ur bearing these posts show ur fking positions before u just blatantly cry.

I'm 20k 270 C 11/20.

Post up positions or stfu bears
What positions are you getting? I want to buy something for 12/18. May but 12/18 $25c
Looks like a few moving averages, support/resistance lines, and Fibonacci levels
Funny cause it’s true
Ma name is Jack and I look like I smoke crack. 

I talk some smack about the pooh bear lookin hack

He hit me in my stack and my future is lookin wack
No lol she met some 25 year old hotel heir. Go figure what he's thinking.
Rates are low where else you gonna get a return
bet
Is the frenzy in futures is bcoz Moderna announcing something tomorrow?
Your inferiority complex with whites is showing, chinaman. 🤷‍♂️ Its still fuck 3rd world china tho. Hope you take all the filthy chinese leeches back to china with you. Its amazing how much of the planet is disgusted with china but you think theyre all white. 😂 Even in asia, china is the most hated country by far. 🤔😂
God yes. Some of the most heinous shits I’ve ever smelled came from a chick’s ass.
 lol rip
If pltr can manipulate their own stock price to go up then they aren’t worth investing in.
China is probably one of the most capitalist countries. It’s authoritarian, not communist.
NIO is worth more than 2x as much as PTON

Unless you mean NIO is going to drop to $20 a share
All in Apple leaps. iPhone 12 sales, new MacBooks with M1 chips already raping benchmarks. Apple gonna destroy Q1/21 earnings.
It's crazy how..bears were fuk..fuk..fuk..the march came and they thought they were not fuk, then fuk..fuk..fuk.
Is there anything more euphoric than watching your calls update at open on a green day
They didn’t JUST do anything it’s Sunday.
[deleted]
Might as well at this point
It’s fishy that NIO is being bashed to the core by bots.
Dude there is no stimulus in sight currently
Hahaha
Cost ?
that's regarding a fucking critical aspect of how UVXY works.
F for those workers. They ain’t never retiring
Umm duh what you think I’m doing here ?
Bullish for construction, buy CAT calls.
watch is retarded, ur not doing anything important enough that u need fuckin 24/7 notifications. trust me. 

pods on the other hand are basically essential. miles better and smoother than normal bluetooth headphones.

if u have a PC as a daily driver, a mac will change ur life w/ ur phone. integration is important.
Plays for tomorrow ?
Ah yes the “I lost money so the market must be manipulated”. Don’t fight the trend you fool.
While Bent over
Im confused about the value of the contract. Can you explain using the 100 to 88 lose i used.

From what you said im confused cuz if the value goes down to 88 then he doesnt make any money he loses mo ey so im lost of the part where the money is made 😂 .
Im not trying to be difficult im actually trying real hard to understand honest
[removed]
So what did they announce?
You know the (NIO) pump is over when you see people posting +$100K gains on WSB.
Actually it cant
THIS IS MY LAST DEPOSIT
R u from stocktwitts?
Yeah just calls. Bought when stock was at 290 after the earnings.
So their stock went down so much last five years because of LTC losses?
Sold!! 5 dorra!
lmfao
I considered that but I dont know for sure.

I doagree with HK following our trends on that stock for the most part in the last 3 weeks.

Well see and I will BITCH DOWN all the bears who replied negatively to me.
It’s a tall tale bro
Buying tomorrow for sure
dude you need a 31/share price.  that is almost doubling the market cap.  you are crazy.  

GL
Have you listened to what they have to say on EV? I wouldn't touch TM stock with a 30 foot pole at this point if EV is your metric.

The only boomer car company I think has half a clue is VW, they actually appreciate the problem and aren't just saying "oh it will be super easy when we get around to it".
Thanks.
THE BEARS ARE BACK IN TOWN THE BEARS ARE BACK IN TOWN 🐻
Short squeeze
Looks like she didn’t get the memo that you guys were “talking “
Please come to our Nio party, it’s that way ———>
Yeah and 4% is still 4% so...
Take out $15k on margin and don’t pay it back
They shart.
Holy fuck this is some good DD. This is one of the stocks I bought into in March and I might just have to add to it!
Dude the market is literally closed you’re retarded
Options have a shittier comedown
Largest pension fund in the US just bought NIO.
As in crashed to 2018/2019 levels. I was still disappointed.
Moderna results likely to be released sometime next week. That means we get a week of pricing it in.
https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/sword-and-scale/id790487079
Have 165 put fd’s expiring next Friday at 20 bucks let’s see
Jack Ma needs to call a truce
BABA stock is dropping a deuce
I’m guessing people buying in in anticipation of vaccine reopening everything.  Cuz wtf
lol...this is not how it works. HK exchange trades in HKD with 8:1 split. 

&#x200B;

Now, go and do your math for BABA price in USD
Automod is 👌 *magnifique*
People gonna be renting tankers to hold their delivered lean hogs futures soon.
Congrats you fucking son of a Bitch.
Everybody on this sub is balls deep in GME
Jesus boomer, of course you’re new to this thread, you fucking made it.

Go ask Cramer.

Get your “hello there fellow kids” headass the fuck out of here and go back to r/investing.
I concur. Thanks, man.
Yeah selling options is great until it stops working.  its like picking up pennies in front of a steam roller. Get out before you lose your shit
Heroin vs. Options, what’s the better high?
Why
[deleted]
Nice spot. Might have to cop some contracts
Oh no doubt their not actually gonna do it until Biden is in. I'm just hoping him saying the words enough to go up up up.
So uh what about my LI shares then?
[deleted]
i pray we end red tomorrow somehow
Seriously, do girls poop?
So you don't like SPCE but you think Gamestop is a good buy for the future? 🤦‍♂️  
I take it back, you ain't sane, what future do you see for that company when Microsft is clearing putting all its focus on cloud gaming, they didn't even care about beating PS5, just focused on xCloud. 
Gamestop doesn't trade at a high multiple because they burn cash and the only thing that keeps them afloat is their used games sales, which will be hurt the most when people switch to cloud gaming.
At 11 GME is undervalued? Man you more insane than us SPCE bulls.
Ugh I can’t wait
[deleted]
Ba bye bye
I do. I listen to podcasts while I’m walking my dog, jogging, taking out the trash, driving etc.
[deleted]
It probably is time to buy, although you risk it trading sideways and getting killed on Theta. The price is decent though.
Isn’t it fishy to anyone else that NIO is being pumped to the moon by retail investors? I didn’t really see this when NIO was mooning earlier. The pumpers are out in full force after a big red day. I feel like the bubble is about to pop.
Why why why!!! I threw in 15k at 294... and it literally jumps off a cliff
Shhh I’m crying about it. But I saw something released saying he is speaking tomorrow at that big ev conference.
[deleted]
He's livestreaming a show on Nov 19th
Double down and tell her “that’s so sweet same here you’re literally one of my best girl friends”
🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂
Super cheap valuations, everyone is creaming to pile in!
A small one of $1 milly is more in line
Google "GME Short Squeeze"
is it too much to ask for a 5% pullback?  Damn we are going straight up.
Saving this to see OTM options two weeks out sky rocket tomorrow.
Wtf December leaps? Isn't that just December calls? Or when did you buy them?
Is there any way to check  a stock how are they doing now ???
How have you fucks not learned from March. Lockdowns = more stimi. Bullish.
$YUM
Don't worry, hold. It's literally the definition of can't fail. Think of it like holding AMZN except it's not massively overvalued and actually is more important to daily life in China.
Yeah and all these newbies have no idea what’s coming for them. I’m glad that they’re winning, I just hope they aren’t stupid enough to hold thru earnings. my recent iv crush was from rkt last week and it only dropped 50% and i sold for a loss the next day. Wait till the IV on nio drops from 350% to 60% lol
Multiply by 8 and convert from hkd to usd.
Free green dildos
those people have no imagination
We don’t know and we don’t know lol
5 dowwa?
Dude imagine being a bear right now. I’d be sweating so hard
I'm not saying market lag like a glitch or lack of update im saying it follows our market. I agree with the posts saying this because I followed BABA for three weeks.

Well see
[deleted]
why controversial?
$6 IVR would make me rich
Yeah but nobody even hyping it up
 BABA green tomorrow retards
[removed]
Link a good podcast.
Not gonna lie, pods are another "how did I live without this before" item. Like when you switch to two monitors or an SSD. You can never go back.
Go hiking, biking, run, etc. fuck staying inside.
what am i lookin at here
Jack Ma spending time with Uighurs.
Where is that 11/15 announcement?
PUBG got me enjoying furlough
Do you know what the price is in HK right now? if 9988 in HK was $10 right now on the HK exchange would you say that they are trading behind us? Or would you say they've lowered the price under what the USA closed at?
You gotta be a real douche to wanna shit on somebody's parade for feeling good about themselves
Imagine not being able to think for yourself

And then remember that's 99% of people in 2020
MM is that you
It is hard to get out of the apple echo system once you are in. I started with a phone now I have everything apple!
Gonna be waiting a long time
Soros is my mom?
I need money NOW though
They're selling tiny shitty EVs to the poors. I don't think it's realistic competition vs stuff like Tesla or NIO.
Ccl thoughts?
so a 100k loan all in is appropriate
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What’s everyone’s thoughts on JD? Seems controversial
Lukin Coffee was another. But if you say everything is worth a short I guess one of those is gotta be right
What does he gain from passing 1 now? I’m just doubting it at least until Georgia run off is over which is still a ways out
BABA's price on the HK exchange seems to be $10 lower than what it is on the US exchange. So I guess add $10 to whatever price you're seeing on the HK exchange and calm down?

It hit 246 last week and the ATH was 309 on the HK exchange, $10 lower than in the US which hit 319.
Big greens! That’s what we love to see! SOLO OPENING AT 10 and we Dump it!
Lmfao you might as well lay down and have her walk over you
Maybe. More likely next week once rona effects are quantifiable and can be priced in. It’s coming, no doubt, but keeping making hay while the sun is shining.
$69 close on your cock like a vice
FSR anybody?
need my boy yachty to release a tape asap
y would it do that
Yeah I haven’t been around long enough to know how much the options game has changed over time, but these guys definitely have the ability to set the traps, sell you the options, and push the price up or down to cuck you out of a position. Especially on lower volume stocks. I imagine the only way out of it is longer options but people hate those for the same reason they hate shares. Less chances of huge upside and they cost more.
Long Toyota (TM). When they come out with EV lineup in 2025, all Gyna EV will be FUK. It will be loud and worldwide.
Buy calls and puts. swings enough both ways you still make money.
Little bit but volume is increasing. Last 30 min before close Friday was huge influx of buying. My calls are also in Feb and May but already jumping.
Mk. They didn't pay her lawyer fees, he isn't shelling out for any of it, she already spent the 250 mill she had in the bank, and the trial starts next year. Her lawyers have quit over non payment and she represented herself in a case last year. When you STAY rich it isn't a crime. When you lose the money they throw the fucking book at you.

Watch her go to jail next year for 10-15.
they are going to need to pay off 13 billion in debt and possible bankruptcy
When are they going public and starting price?
Jack ma is dead ok. Xi gonna get em
i think ur ok. I'm just holding a jack ton of UVXY, SQQQ, SDOW shares
Stop. I can only get so erect
Bro the stock closed at 260 on the Nasdaq. 9988 is not market lagging. It's now under $260 USD valuation in HK.
What a happy day that will be. Lomg way off for me but yea
That's what I figured. Bummer.
Let me get in first bb
Can wait until 🍊 wins to come lurk WSB. Will be epic retard meltdown
I’m a life long android user who bought a 12 pro max on Friday... fantastic phone and I can’t see myself going back... now I find myself wanting pods and the watch... calls on apple cause I can’t be the only one
Not talking about it because there is no date yet.
No he's right. There was a second chorus of reeeeeees that day due to robinhood shitting the bed
Bruh....
UVXY [10%](http://www.cboe.com/delayedquote/advanced-charts?ticker=VXX20)/[90%](http://www.cboe.com/delayedquote/advanced-charts?ticker=VXZ20)
pay some analysts to pump it up!
Good luck. I’ll throw a few cents that way
[removed]
[deleted]
Sell
IVR TO MOFO 666666 you boys gon get leftttt
This guy charts.
Near the village, the peaceful village, ThE bEaRs R fUk ToNiGiIiIiIiGht
Lol
You didn’t some how manage to loose 🤣, you were born to loose
NIO isn't on the Dow or the S&P.
No
Honestly I do think that phase 4 failure is not priced in. Every article sounds like it's comming next day lol. Still spy long for now tho. Especially with moderna and whatever the 3rd one is.
NIOOOOOOO
All those little green spots was my portfolio (just kidding)
That was his first choice, but COVID
It’s too late, it’s out there for the retards to see now
[removed]
You think the fed caused the KODK price action? I’d say that was irrational exuberance / MMs pumping up the stock. Difference is that it’s not state sponsored
[deleted]
I just inherited a quarter milli - should I put it in this or options trade with no experience for WSB upvotes?
Close $35
It’s not literally a bet it’s a contract but I just tried to keep it simple. It can get pretty complicated. You are purchasing a contract to sell the underlying shares at a certain price and the value of that contract changes depending on the price movement of the stock. The contract also has an expiration date. You can close out the contract any time before expiration to convert it to cash at the current value.
Baba
Screaming bulltrap
Kung fu
Soooo...two dorra?
I see some green in there. YOLO
Try this: "Thx, you're like a step-sis to me."
11.27 otm poots okay? Bc I ain’t selling will hold til down 99%
[deleted]
*Sir, this is a Wendy’s*
of what
Mods give me this fools flair
Depends on the put.

If his put expired when it went to 120 he lost everything invested. If he sold calls his ass is grass.

If the price was below the put price at expatriation or he sold it when it dropped to 88 he made money.
Don’t forget to save half for Uncle Sam!
Well investing like that is great just pick safer bets and hold long. WSB will coax you into short plays.

I’m in 3D animation.. virtual reality and stuff. My first year out I was making 16k a year so you’re clearly in a better field.
They do
Uh oh.... friend zone.
Does this mean we all jump ship from Tesla to Nio?
>There's no leverage in this relationship, and huge vested interest in the game makers to own the distribution channel.

growing customer disgust. Piracy is on the rise; there is demand from the consumer to make the whole thing 'easy'
Do this on every other EV sector stock. (Nkla doesn't count)
Xilinx is who they are buying
Please do so I can put my syphilis infested cock into his mouth too, smack him and show him who’s alpha and who’s beta
[deleted]
So fucked. That's how fucked you are.
Priced in
SPXS call spread @ 5  6, 7. Multiple contracts w one put @ 2 as a hedge. Lost hundreds but it cant go lower.
deadass?
**kaylnguyen8** , kminder in **2 days** on [**2020-11-18 02:33:46Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-18 02:33:46Z&reminder_id=245c185495af4536a9080920ea06b1a0&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: What_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jutjob/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020/gcgeaaw/?context=3)

> kminder in 2 days

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-18T02%3A33%3A46%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjutjob%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020%2Fgcgeaaw%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete comment, Delete reminder and comment, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-18 02:33:46Z&reminder_id=245c185495af4536a9080920ea06b1a0&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** For help, visit our subreddit r/reminddit!



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
Haha no not at all. Just that we manipulate the news and economy, like every other country.
Everyone is talking about NIO but what about xpeng? im all in on xpeng atm because I think it has more room to grow over the next 2 weeks.
Can literally be said about anything in this market
UVXY chart clearly shows a spike is due.
Lies. This party's just started!
Spy too low imo analysts calls for 380 by eoy no reason we shouldn’t hit 400 by eow
BHUT phFiZHeR
there wont be a BABA bounce till Jack ma finishes summer camp.
Jack MAssage Xi's ding dong
It's just money. Dont do anything drastic like harm yourself or others. Failure (and especially on this level) is one of the most difficult things to move on from. Try and take it day by day. 

90% of retail traders lose over time trading derivatives. The market is so manipulated it is nearly impossible to make money in the long run as retail. Next time just stick your money in an index ETF and if you must trade options, only mess with covered calls. 

It's easy to tell most people in this thread are college age students or extremely young. People fuck up all the time. Your failure isnt unique or uncommon. People blow up accounts regardless of the amount of money. It happens.
Google cnbc baba hong kong
GE 8.5 puts
neolib globalist stonktopia gang bang
Take this down now.. beta boy.. keep it on the hush hush
Priced in
The boy JD was a friend of mine, til I caught him in the car tryna steal the alpine. 🤷‍♂️
Yo he came from r/stocks :

“Into 1 company, especially any of the ones you recommended!? You belong on /wsb, I’d say if you can’t come up with better alternatives or picks then do a few ETFs like VTI, VYWI, etc. I don’t need to state the reasons why that’s just not a good idea, you shouldn’t be investing if that’s not apparent. I’d probably buy some well established companies that have good growth outlooks and are still trading at lower values...reits like O, telecoms like TDS, financials like MFA and RC, or strong utilities like AWK.”
Did she end up marrying that Indian dude?
Ok thats a really good tip
If PLTR tech so good, why don't they use it on the stonk market and make trillions???
$NIO open $55
Wow first solid DD ive seen all week. Props
It’s too late
F
*ragret
Boomers tried to invest and got mad when the ticker didnt exist.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Starbucks

**URL:** https://redd.it/juwx1j
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juwx1j) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Nicaddicted, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Giraffe-kit
OverpricedBagel
Half a mil
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Big rock fall from sky hit earth hard big boom
True op is definitely retarded. Have a good night artist
Spy 365c 11/16. Switching to puts at open.
Anyone else totally unsure how they would be getting through quarantine without true crime podcasts? I legit didn’t know how much I enjoyed listening to murder porn until I lost my job and became a degenerate 🌈🐻 for 10 months.
You go girl
BABA just went up a dollar to 247. If it climbs another it will trend
When 🤣🤣🤣
Wait for a hurricane
I got 365c too, my guess is an overnight pump than slow fade, so im probs selling at open
Zoom waaaay out on their chart. Prob dont mean shit but they were crazy high during dotcom
Then you’re stating that the US is an undercover communist country?
Good fucking man. You knew we all are leverages to the tits on Tesla and helped out. More power to you. Much appreciated m
It's coming back up.
Gamestop is undervalued, it's my largest position. TSMC is my best performer.
Big dick energy right here
SEE FUTURE SAYS STONK GO UP VERY UP BIGLY.  AMERICA LAND FREE STOCK UP GOD BLESSED
I don’t believe you
Looking forward to NIO raw dogging bulls ass holes some more tmrw 🍿
it's not. This is a big bull trap. Same thing happened early september
99,007 open interest on IVR 4c jan 21 👀
just watched my first BYND$ and Pizza Hut commercial.  Looked Good 😋😛
I started drinking cold brew it’s less bitter and tastes nutty. You’re drinking a nut
A girl I’m talking to just said I appreciate you kiddo r u fucking kidding me time to dip
Fuck I have 8k shares
Iv go up or what, it's only up like 30 cents since then
Superfucked
Trade deal killing my lean hogs 🐷
Ok daddy
2 high
Vaccine out in 2 months to high risk and doctors. Normal folk like us are a year out bub. Not to mention this shit needs to be transported at sub zero Temps and intravenous infusion. Logistics are gonna be a nightmare. And 2 months is IF everything goes to plan. Plus side affects are basically covid no death. Bad aches and pains. Headache. Basically feels like death. And u need more than 1 dose. Now with that said, I'm looking at investing in cold storage and cold transport. I can see USA shutting down for a short period or circuit breaker lock downs to reduce amount of virus in population so that a vaccine would be more effective with less people with the virus around. Im bullish as the next but this shit is so out of touch with reality. I do have calls on some things but I'm buying puts to hedge for a possible big red leg down.
It’s a loan shark. The biggest risk for loan sharks are people stop paying. That’s why it is trading so low. 😂😂 but fuck it I am in
Just wanna make bank bro! I wanna get ass!
For those wanting to see what BABA is trading at on the Hong Kong stock exchange for whatever reason.

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/
Something like 40% of the makeup in the world is bought by Korean men.

And they put makeup on you for video/tv.
how would you even know when they do?
Straight up everything can turn quick tomorrow morning when NYC shuts down again. Take some profits tomorrow.
Of course
Play both
-30000 here sir. Haha ow
Tendieland
Anyone else bothered by OP putting the dollar sign AFTER the amount?
You are acting too sane for this market, I was like that too, then realized all stocks were overvalued If I do that. So just started going with retard strength. Once the bubble bursts I will trade like a normal person again.
JD did nice titty bounce. BABA where is your bounce?
selling naked options on margin, what could go wrong?
Italy 40 index
Hong Kong knows something you don’t, just remember that
\+1% on the all time graph
Literally years from doing anything lol
I think Wall street tuned into our options game & has started wiping us out. They have the power to make the market behave irrationally long enough to wipe your positions- and then allow it to return to normal.

Stocks are a saf(er) play
[deleted]
The reason is because all the shares are held by employees
“I never used to believe in genetics”

Wut
🕵️‍♂️due for a baba dip
So many NIO pumpers on the front page LOL. The NIO bulls are nervous. Rotation into US assets
Looks like the subreddit is a private community now.
I gotta take a trip to see this. I watch them livestream normally.
He barely has any time left to do shit, China knows this
Apple 120c 11/20 fucko
Like a yacht probably
Pigs get slaughtered. Take your win and be gone.
🥭 is basically getting ignored
[removed]
NIO 55c and 48c. Bought 55c on the dip and held 48c.
Have a reason to buy something other than FOMO.
The thing is that is also currently happening in the US, we just hide it/manipulate it better and make it look like only other countries are doing it.
Bezos is [Jon Irenicus](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Jon_Irenicus).
Men in Black?
Rtx 66.5c 11/20 baba 260c 11/20
Wow
Feelings mutual
Link?
Dead
Maybe I'm just bitter after losing a lot on SPCE back in Feb. but I think this company is trash. They haven't had a test flight in a year and a half. Branson was supposed to go up this past summer. He sold stock in SPCE to prop up his other failing businesses. Also he's a billionaire with a private virgin island so.... let your imagination run wild.
Yes
If I worked from home I’d have my cock in my hand all day long
yeah lets pretend the kodk thing never happened
One track mind tries to justify equity prices with fundamentals that havent made sense for decades
TSLA has moved less than the Dow over the past two months. The definition of going nowhere and anti-leverage
Shares? I need a 500% return by next March
Algo overlords run this show on the wizard technical crayons.
What is your goals to accomplish in the market in the next year thank you
“Her husband is loaded af” you could of just made that your sentence. Referring to my previous statement when you’re rich crime really isn’t crime.
Apparently no stimmy, no concession, record Covid levels and imminent shutdown became bullish for whatever reason
Moderna vaccine hype still going on. Once they announce their results we’ll get a massive green hulk dick up then bleed out the rest of the week like last week with the Pfizer news
Mind boggling as in too high or too low
Dragon energy 🔥🐲
Yeah crazy I had shares at 4 and it just waffled along so I ditched that shit
[https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207935](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207935)
It may "dip" into the teens.
What needs to happen for spy to open red in the morning?
I hope so. Haven't had a good finish in a while. 🌈🐻
Idk mate Trump said that magic stimulus word yesterday
We're here because we are sad and cant tell family and friends about our addiction
Sigh it's actually fked. While the people here may be right BABA is a good company and long term it'll be fine. China can fk with u and BABA could trade sideways for 3 years before it goes back up. In which case you were better off putting your money in something else
I’m gonna hold pltr, and buy into nio Monday
It's irrelevant because Baba Beijing Biden will be back to rescue neolib globalists and stonktopia shortly.
Lmaooooooo
Shit! BABA down 4% in Asia
Tommy boy
What trade brother?
Spending wayyyyyy too much on Uber Eats

Uber is the bomb
TSM $105calls, 1/15/2021
That song “Delete Forever” by Grimes boutta be about Elon soon enough 😐😭😢
When the media is state sponsored and basically everything is state sponsored, how sure are you that the policies that you’re reading are actually utilized?
Bought december leaps for 300. I did all the math and only a miracle can make them print.
Remind me in 2 days
The universe inverses my every move when it comes to life.
You guys think plug is gonna go higher or come down 23 is mind boggling
Probably me
He’s playing the long game
Bears just woke up
Currently shorting the MIB, autismo style
I want to see a break on that
You are playing it smart. Tomorrow’s not the time to buy NIO options. IV crush is gonna hit hard on Tuesday
That won’t necessarily Hurt any of those companies
If SPXS breaks below 3.90 this week I’ll be swimming in tendies
Soros and his pawns can suck some Coc and get Fuked behind Wendy’s
Guhhh
I am sorry dude. If you don’t want to end up with a gambling addiction, end up in debt, and be mentally impaired get out of here and go to r/stocks or r/investing and good luck
Is this thing really going to open at 370 

I’m speechless
Idk why but this seems like a major bull trap. I’m probably just a retard and overthinking it but this market has me fucked up this year. SPY 400 EOW fuck it
Nah bro just multiply by 1.04 you'll get the USD figure. It's still ass though because it's not recovering. Which means we could get another sell off tonight too as situations are not easing in China
Comment your actual moves for stuff ending this wk. I want to keep a list and see if any trades actually worked from this sub. I’ll ss it and post later...and if you’re right, you’ll look like a damn psychic.
Ma man
☝️
[deleted]
brief up at opening, another dip, and then straight up to the moon we go
[deleted]
stock is irrelevant though

what's more concerning is if there's significant damage to the business
Been a couple hours lol. Enjoy your puts
I more then doubled my cash to 47k, paid off my car, got a nice down payment ready. Hit my goals and cashed out Friday, happily ever after. Problem is Its been half a trading day and im bored as fuck. If i last past pre market its a miracle.
Does that really mean anything? What is "redemption" price? The idea that it CANNOT go below $10 sounds like bullshit.
Pussy
You had me at “Palantir”
Or just make him mysteriously disappear.
I am not buying into a stock on the thesis that the market is stupid enough to fall for it. Boeing is also in the "get people into space" race and has been losing miserably (see: SLS, Starliner), so I don't see them being much help.
High risk, high reward. If the underlying moves the wrong way and never recovers, you lose all your money.
three-sixty-twooooo, ooowuuuuwuuuu oweeowumbawehhh
Sir, this is a degenerate casino
couldn't agree more
sh! just dont tell the lenders what you plan to buy and you can get it on margin!
Ha- ha- HAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Lfggggg
Yes. Drivers are technically supposed to verify the order is correct before taking it, so if too many result in customers getting a credit, they get deactivated.
[deleted]
Its a bank lol
It does trade a day behind. But look at where we closed and look at where they value it at now. If it keeps falling we'll open to follow them.
Where are y’all seeing this bews?
Your wife. She likes ropes.
Oooooooo I just realized tomorrow’s Monday leggo
This^ 
need a good strike and date. I won’t get greedy just need a little boost.
Preaach. Jd ftw. Haz fintech ipo coming soon. Maybe jd suk xi smoll pp best
CCP don’t play man 

Baba wtf 😳
Dude, this idiot’s fund is at a net loss for the year

Why would anyone take his advice!?!?
Merry Christmas Retard
What is NIO doing that is innovative? I’m not sure you actually know anything about the industry.
[deleted]
Thanks for the inspiration, hoping to make at least half  of that 14k back before the end of the year
I gotta tell you, these last few days have been rough. I thought WSB was dead for good, But it seems like Sunday night theres been a rally of quality DD; thank you for your service
Yes
I have homework to finish 🙃
Sounds like it. Simp
Yeah he doesn’t have near enough assets to buy CNN and seriously who is going to loan him money to do it?
Their sales team is the naked pictures they have of you and a hooker in Thailand.
Yeah it means he gets to sleep with your wife
his head can shrink down to the size of his face. he can just hop through the jail bars
When they have never made a profit!? Lol. This place man...
My stupid little baby dick is rock hard to see all you mongos get fucked by NIO tomorrow
You probably don't unless you're lucky and have a ton of free time. I got in SOLO at 3.75 which was after a run up. But my logic was that volume was 2x average that day, so if high volume continued (along with other mooning EVs), I'd probably make something.
Exactly why I'm asking haha
I also have SPY $250p 1/21/2021 lol
Stonks
JD about to gap the fuck up suckers
Lol people seriously just multiply by 1.04 and you'll figure out what HK thinks its valued at. Don't look at the % Change
Attack of the Clones
Yikes 😳
[deleted]
Bulls I will submit if we break 3615
[deleted]
moon
It’s done all the time. Whales intentionally try to shake out the weak hands so they can purchase more at a cheaper price. That might be fine if you’re investing long term and plan on never selling. But if you’re an autist and you have your life savings on getting the timing correct on options then you’re crazy.
362 is too stronk
All the same to us retards. Spelling mistake.
Home Depot calls? What’s ur experience playing HD earnings
i love satoshi
Dua easy
[deleted]
Xanax
pre merger, the redemption price is $10
Same here. Made around 20k on FB/snap earnings then my bear instincts kicked in and lost 10k this week thankfully I withdrew 16k profit before that happened but still sucks
This sounds like one of you explaining to your wife that you lost 100k on NIO yolos
Lol luckily Im stocked up (huehue) on booze atm. Drinking eases the pain of being broke :D
That she had previously shared a home with an ex husband so the post was in celebration of her moving on and newfound independence. Not some dude finally moving out of his parents basement after 4 decades like your comment was making it out to be. Not exactly rocket science bud.
Stop being a bitch
I’m in my solo apartment in a small suburb...i fucken wish i was in my moms basement tho
nah they still crazy bro. :D
Just buy shares. Options risk : reward low
Dua lipa omg how is this a q
I'm here cause it's funny. It's certainly not cause of amazing stock advice
All China care about is money lol. If u Chinese u know it too but ur Vietnamese so...
Thanks bud.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Down to my last 50$

**URL:** https://redd.it/juykmc
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juykmc) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/imaloser107, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CeasarsDressing
OverpricedBagel
MadejustforWSB
Buying opportunity is this week
With all the bearish news over the weekend, did I miss some good news that would explain green futures?
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
What are the rules. Those the lose value have to remain off or it doesnt matter

Example 
The stock is at 100 he say itll lose value and it does and goes to 88 but 2 days later it goes up to 120 does he lose his "put" or is the put discarded after it goes into play?

Also what are the risk if it doesnt. Do i lose all my mo ey or is there like a fee i pay to put in my "bets" i guess. What are the odds and what do you win. Sorry for asking so much. But ive been at stocks for a while but i only do the basic buy and hold for 3 days or until it goes up and sell. Om a short term investor. I make my money getting crumbs its very safe. I usually make 300 a week just trading safe. I figured making a risky bet ones a month wont kill me eh
I'm high and this gave me scared chills
It’s the top trending ticker with SPCE on stocktwits. 5x volume compared to previous day on Friday. My calls are up over 100% in two days since they added the option chain. It’s ready
Heading to 4150
4250 Tuesday
SPCE is SPCE and it'll go to the 🌕
Anyone shorting amazon or is this going to the moon?
As a resident wizard, I can help you find this resident_ward you speak of.
She is maaaaaad poor now hahahah and stupid in debt to lawyers. Her husband is loaded af but definitely has an iron clad prenup his family lawyer made her sign  tout suite.
You mean FireCox?
Yeah
Pros:
Its a meme stock
People are retarded and will buy this thinking its SpaceX, they actually did it after the last launch
Test flight is next week and will be used for FAA certification 
Boeing is interested in their hypersonic research
Me and my gambling addiction
I'm not backing NIO here, just bringing up the similarity between the countries' policies while no one cares to notice until it's convenient for them.
What price did you buy in
In the jungle, the mighty jungle, 
bears r fuk toniiiight. 

Ouuuuuuuu oweeoowummbuweehh
And they can keep on with it
I almost spit out my egg nog laughing when I got to the NIO part. Man what a great meme stock I’m glad I own so much
[deleted]
You're welcome and fuck you
Li
BABA is kill. JD is now king 💪😤
Gram of hash.
Already working through a captain morgan bottle lol.
tired of futures already im going to smopke
Inquiring minds would like to know for re-entry
I have the mentality of a 12 year old
This BABA dip looking like a snack. Just might risk it all on some leaps
Eyes close, dick hard and wallet full
Speak at my funeral please
Well played
[Some is trying to play god on Twitter ](https://twitter.com/fxhedgers/status/1328110775840296960?s=21)
Retard said he held stock. 


If this is an institutional investor trying to get us to pump the stock for him then he fucked up badly.
Fuck you retard
Source
Thinking the hype train is just getting started. Once the institutions start piling it it's gonna be hulk dicks all round. Only concern is the 80% of shares coming out of lock up either in December this year or May next year, depending on who you believe. Some early investors/employees will cash out but I really think this one is a long hold.
I need money to buy more PLTR. Feel free to send me some.
Maek this post.

Baba will be up tomorrow more than it closes Friday.

You guys are panicking over the market lag.

Will it hit our call price I dont know. But save the post, up 260 at the least.
thanks for this, very concise explanation.
Listen up you fockers! SPCE is not SpaceX! I repeat! SPCE is not SpaceX!
Yup asset bubble is on the way. So many people rely on their money to make more money. Too big to fail
That is retarded. I bet NIO grazes 35 before the rocket takes off again. Earnings come Nov. 17 and the shit fest is only going to last Monday and maybeee on earnings day.
What you work in?
jack ma will be leader of china within the next 2 years. change my mind

xi is just a skilless turd like our politicians. shipping in china is insane, partially thanks to ma
Apparently high on hopium
BYORope
Uhh he bought a call which gave him the right to buy the stock at a strike price. If it was in the money and he is auto assigned at expiration if he held.. he bought 100 shares at the strike of his call. So he may not be retarded, what are you saying?
They should be valued higher than Facebook
They could just throw him in prison
I dunno. How many more people can they reach?
Shares maybe crude is boomer slow
NIO $10P 1/15/21
100 contracts
JD > BABA
Bill ackman pegged me the other night
You’re not alone.  Frustrating as hell.
Well I didn’t have it all at once, kept putting in like 1-2k every month. They 7k is all I have now, had I save it this year it would have been about 21k :/
No, they're independent of each other, down there doesn't mean down here, it could be opposite. Theyre reacting to the news of Xi pulling the plug on ANT.
\*The new Apple
Prob the European expansion that’s mentioned in the post?
Ban. Are you 8?
Gig economy is a hellscape
Tesla is kind of like the girl you used to bang but now you’re just kind of over her. She keeps calling but you’re kinda like meh.
Meh seems much more likely that people are dumb and assume it's SpaceX
NIO gang how we feeling
Gap up or gap down at open?
Ban.
They did buy 1,025,700 shares on Friday too though. So they paid at lest $14 for that lot.
Gives me just enough time to sell my 365 calls
Lol
I see 246
what difference does that make ?
Buy a scratch ticket.
Just buy a bottle of single malt. You can always borrow money to trade with.
Simple Jack 🥴
WE DON'T CARE NIO $65
I can only pray that rkt can demonstrate that kind of movement. Can really use a 400% win
I don't speak Spanish, however, these graphs are very pretty and there are many blocks of words. I'm in
I keep a “resident_ward’s mom has my dick in her mouth” sign in my yard because I could give less a fuck 💀
Trump/China nearly crashed the market in 2018

News that he's about to take an even harder stance on China before he leaves... Futures hulk green.

Jesus christ lol
Hey man if you think NIO’s volume is perfectly normal and on par with the action of any other stock then you do you.
Piece of shit Jack ma cant stfu and massage Xi's balls.

Arrogant Asshole!
Dont know how im gonna sleep tonight
No why the bald baby you fucker
2nd wave doesn't matter if it's the last wave, coup is turning out to be a complete non-starter and evictions are good for real estate since landlords can replace non-paying tenants with actual rent payers. 

We just had a record earnings season and Biden with split Congress means stability and no gov. interference on big tech companies.
>his weird, crushed face

Made me lol
Let’s do it together bro
That’s the plan. Just gonna close my eyes and hold.
Can't believe it. -4%?? Fuck
Dammit. Hopefully my wife's boyfriend doesn't get it too.
Ma Man must really not be giving the CCP sloppy enough blowies behind the red curtain over there dang
What happened
[removed]
I call that Thursday.
NIO is backed by the gov, you think they would want to fuck over themselves?
There were other scares too that passed without much incident. Swine Flu. Ebola. Etc

In retrospect some 6 month puts in January would have made sense.
Lol
Lol only poor people go to jail for crimes. Fraud, rape murder, trafficking those are morally grey when you’re rich.
[deleted]
BABA $235 in HK
Rounders
I’m gonna start cooking again once I’m done
I just really like you.
[deleted]
omg BABA

Chinese Enron

someone knows something
Bruh
Yes
[deleted]
You retards do realize Hong Kong is always a trading day behind us right? Baba will be fine tomorrow
**buy B/itcoin**
I know they postponed things, but have they really cancelled things a week before flight?
Lipa and doja cat
I have puts- fuck you!!
BABA is my biggest regret. Set me back months.
Weekly MRNA stock pump press release. 


More reliable than Old Faithful or me getting turned down for sex.
I have SRAC as well but it really doesn't want to pop on any news. I know they're being investigated for breaching fiduciary duty but someone else told me that's common and routine for spacs so I dunno.
Is it time to buy BABA? I’ve been staying out since I don’t know anything about China but no way it goes lower at this point right?
Buy dips in crude
Tor
Fuck the pooh
INVERSE WSB MORE EPOR$ CALLS
Seriously your only hope is NIO 30p 11/20
Me too
Stop eating baconators every day
You hang out with trash and eventually you start to stink.

You have penis rot.  RIP in peace.
Successful private launches of people into space is proof that private companies can handle the complexities of space launch and travel. Which is further bullish evidence for SPCE.
you know who really ate ass? jeffrey dahmer
Needs to donate a billy to the CCP.
noooo smalll capp what is u doooin
How fucked am I with all in $53 C 11/20 ? I’m a scared bull with strong hands
Set stop loss.  Have a goal and take incremental profits til it’s reached
Which means inflate every fucking equity into a huge bubble
be nice.
I think Buffett is jacked to the tits in PLTR.
Palantir thought Pippin was Frodo though. I mean, they don't even have the same fucking hair color.
I was thinking the local library
It’s really good in some places. The places I’m in though, it’s not good at all. But it was enough to pay rent.
[removed]
Sorry, my post wasn't really clear. The short term catalyst is institutional buying and the momentum of the stock.

Institutions know(which is my guess), even if some fresh shares come up it won't be as cheap as it is now. Probably this is why the stock went from around 1% institutional ownership for sometime(because of direct listing) and then suddenly started to pop.
Why not all 3?
Nio
Didn’t she go to jail yet?
So are my BABA calls.
West coast best coast
Buying opportunity was last Friday
Nah man. That works until it doesn’t. Calls might work 9/10 times but that 10th time you decide to roll all of you account into the trade is when it randomly drops 10% for no reason.
dua lipa unless you are into horses
I got 360s 0dte at close. I should see a nice 4x
Fake and gay market
It should merge with Onlyfans.
Sounds like some slow boomer shit. Pass.
Jack Ma and his weird, crushed face better bow down to Xi and make my fucking calls print
A woman not a dude and she is a previously married mother of 2. Did you even make it past the title?
Have a plan before you buy. Have a target price to buy at, a long term date for expiration so that if things get rocky you can wait it out, and a calculated price you want to sell at.
I'd rather make money than cry about markets not doing what I think they should.
did you click your heels after?
I'm sorry but why wouldn't you buy shares on NIO? No expiry = infinite gains when NIO reaches 42,069. 

Also IV is a liiiittle high right now....
How much money do I need to make until Elizabeth Holmes CEO and founder of Theranos will date me? 😎😐
Can anyone give me an award? It would be the highlight of my week!
Tulsi Gabbard
That's a cleveland steamer.
CCP hit an RKO outta nowhere on BABA call holders
Trump buying CNN would one of the boldest moves ever.  Turn it into Trump News Network(TNN) and make Alex Jones an anchor.
25% of my portfolio in shares.
That’s the longest D your wife has ever seen. As her boyfriend, can confirm
I saw Chris cuomo and he’s such a wannabe guido piece of shit. This guy bumped him and he got on this tough guy mafioso, but this guy was an actual gangster jail and everything and put him in his place. He really thinks he’s a fucking made man little bitch.
bulls eat grass, bears eat salmon, i eat ass cuz we about to have a famine
Is feb long enough
Dude just lost any chance of growing his businesses in Asia. Granted Ma has a few valid points but he basically told China he thinks he’s above their laws lol dudes going to get uberly fucked
The finance sector figured out the government is gonna bail them out everytime
Need a weeklong dump plz
He’s being shown who the boss is right now.
Nope. Just one made out of common sense
Buying puts at open. Fuckin morons
Completely packed flight from Kentucky to Alabama. Smells like BBQ and nobody is compliant with a mask.

SPY $300p 1/21/2021
I trust Leather Jacket Man either way
Need some pretty shit news to make futures tank might be safe to say Green Day tm
You sound like you keep an All Lives Matter sign in your front yard and get easily triggered. ❄️
Even PJ traders buy the tech dip
> Try explaining a 'search engine' to someone in 1994.

Imagine all the library of information in the world are available to you at your finger tips. Except unlike a library, there's no standardized directory to look through. So how do you find information? There's a magic box called Google, where you type in your question and Google will find the best information possible. Except for porn. 

>The reason its hard for you to understand

The concept of what they do isn't what's hard for me to understand (being a paranoid fuck that I am). What I don't quite understand is why are they hailed as the top company in the space. Do they have first mover advantage? Is their AI better than others? Is it the cool Lord of the Ring reference?
Pltr the new nio
Y'all got any more of dem tops..?
NIO vs RKT vs PLTR vs SPCE
Why tf are you even posting this if it won’t get me a lambo by Christmas? 

Ban
oh god. Not Cancer baby again...
This is teh DD I come here for.
Big difference between ‘making it’ and ‘paying rent each month’
Weird me too - if you overlook it’s apparent flaws it’s actually a decent show so far
One track mind says printer go brr
Holy fuck is baba dead?
[deleted]
Can they really just buy risky stocks like these as a pension fund??
You can also get guaranteed returns every fucking night by buying at the open 6pm EST. Cos fake and gay futures go up all fucking night
Haven’t taken a solid shit in a few days. I’m feeling bloated. I’m about to start a 10 day water fast.
I’m a fan. I’m starting to buy up on QQQJ. Might also be a solid long term option play. 
Also the new MOON etf is interesting.
This almost sounds so stupid it could be fake
What platform
Jd is a good play but stocks are kinda high for ER runup
Prolly at open then fades
"The NIO of e-commerce" lol
I can’t let you do this alone. I’m all in you son of a bitch!
Do you guys thinks PLTR pulls back at all or just keeps mooning?
My shit came out sideways. Changed my life.
Big Trouble in Little China
Did you Atleast eat it
I did this before the election and lost 14.5k, 70% of my portfolio. Although the market is fucked up, it's too hard to time the crash. I think it's better to trade as a bull from day-to-day and have a bearish hedge position that's going to print bigly if the market does tank. Am considering buying some slightly OTM UVXY calls expiring Jan 2022. There are probably more elegant ways to do it, but I'm retarted enough to have lost 14.5k on election puts.
yessir, it was above 5T a couple weeks ago but ~0.5T flowed back in...only.
Ahh you must have a shiny tin foil hat
I choose Dua Lipa 🥰😋☺️
Manipulation is good when you have calls. Bad when you have puts. 

So just go for the good part and get calls. 


You can rationalize, try to say that’s not how the market *should*work - but the rules are made by dudes who don’t use RH.  


Don’t fight the market. You’ll get triple anal.
No not really
My GF Tracy is solid, but all of her friends are crack whores and pimps. Weird.  On an unrelated note why does it hurt to pee and is green discharge normal?
Yeahhhhh I was in NIO before it became this subs meme stock...this level of hype does not bode well for me.
Now this is pod racing!
I went CVS, Tyson, and Costco!
This market is pumping in anticipation of the sell off when grump flips the script. People will be left holding the bag
NIO
Youve gone and goof3d yourself?
lol, this cracked me up. wish had some puts, liquidated last week with gainz...
I have 3 words for you: federal reserve bank.
   
Brrrrrrr
Boys when is GRNDR going public?
18 a hour? Damn. That’s really good in some places, you’d be surprised by how many people can’t get that pay.
the thing is how do you get in before everyone else? I was about to pull the trigger on all these meme stocks before they mooned but never ended up doing it but I'm starting to see that I should and then unload it when everyone else gets into it
363.02 at open
We are deep inside you\*
Simp City
Stopped reading when I saw ‘phycists’ because you’re obviously retarded
No, I wanted my own apartment and I got it.
Blazing Saddles
Don’t do NIO it’s been beat to death already 

YOLO it all into Theranos and Enron
Buy puts morons
Yes
Actually surprised that the ccp would cause baba to crash. Contradicts the “China would never let so and so Chinese company fail” argument. It’s not always that simple ..........nio call holders
In Febuary Fed Interest Rates were approaching 2%, Now they are 0 and will be for the forseeable future, making all other investment options more valuable. 

- Permabull Logic
your mom
I just took a life changing shit
It’s got horrible names in it stay the fuck away you really want to own garmin?
AOC by far
Yeah, you believe the propaganda coming from our country haha
futures options are just like cash ! u can day trade all u want below 25k ! why the fuck arnt u all trading futures !! cant believe noone said this before ! i got approved in 48hrs !
Can’t be laughing from your moms basement 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Weekend at Bernie’s
should've been investing in stonks out the womb! retard
I've made almost $300K in the past 3 months on PTON, ETSY, and PINS alone lmao
Be willing to eat the loss(if it's not the end of the worl)...that is the only.

..also don't be a btch.
I held my 1 put i got at the bottom, it worked. Stopped the bleeding. Prob moon tmr :)
[deleted]
Pittsburgh coming to steal your girl
[deleted]
Erase the app.
Do you want a cookie?
Spy ath eod
Someone please tell me baba will be fine tomorrow. Honk Kong is always behind no? They usually follow our markets I thought?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Who is more attractive? AOC or Dua Lipa?
I’ll be moving out of my house and into my first cardboard box behind Wendy’s.
True I have programmed the IBM one. But the 16 qubits is useless for any practical applications.
Could someone please give me an award? It would mean the World to me and would make my week ☺️
buying opportunity NIO XPEV tomorrow
Yeah man I'm just trying to be a part of the communal pain. 

I'm more comfortable being a bear, but I've made more money a bull. Wait for the trends and play within them.
So you still needed two jobs both paying higher than minimum wage in order to afford a rented home. Yep, you were sure making it my dude.
guessing that gender studies degree isn't paying off.
Part of me can't wait for this sub to cry rigged when it doesn't go their way.
Silver! Silver! Silver!
It don’t make sense. But stonk go up.
[deleted]
Hope we get one last dip out of this
I like the new QQQs but liquidity is low
Nationwide US shutdown has been ruled out officially
That’s just like, your opinion man
House in Palm Springs
This is why when you guys say calls, I buy shared. I'm buying into GME, but not counting on the MKT to be rational. By getting shares I insulate myself against the retard index; I can just hold & make bank, regardless of what the market thinks or wants
I’m a little stressed with the Hang Seng right now...
May the grass remain green to feed me and my fellow bulls.
Put NIO and TSLA together.....that is what the ETF should be.
First class ticket to stonks BB!!!!!!
[deleted]
Mama Su do tho
Completely packed flight from LAX to IAH. Smells like sanitizer and everyone is compliant with a mask.

SPY $400c 1/21/2021
A flat on Mars once we get there, nothing too crazy
Do you know what beta means lol
They're not stupid though
Did Jack Ma murder someone in China over the weekend?
The feeling I get when my one part of my brain sends the good chemicals to another part, mostly.
Have an exit strategy. For me, I'm slowly unloading calls at a certain percentage gain. I've also got 2022 leaps on it, so there's plenty of time, though I do not plan on holding long term.
Left Behind
And I assume it was less in feb before the crash?
Got shares on Friday so I’ll prob buy the dip tomorrow.
It's actually "Schvartz". A precursor to your comment. Both mean the same thing. May the black be with you.
[deleted]
[removed]
Close your eyes
sounds like it would hurt but i’m game *unzips*
Tell us more! Plz
I sell propane and propane accessories
All in VTI, get your expenses down to 24k yearly. 

Or keep working and saving and investing until you can live off 4% of the total. In theory in 7 years you should have 1.2mil if you invest in VTI and then you could consider living off 48k yearly
Who knows.... question is do I hold my 360c or sell at open. They 0dte
What?
Only NIO matters!
Palm Springs is lit
would nut, hopefully it goes to 15 so we can all buy again
They are the TESLA of data. Hope that helps.
Latina slut gets pounded by rock hard bear cock
GM batteries catching on fire lol
^
Yeah, just don’t sell
In February I thought 330 was too high for general state of things, but now that we're approaching a second wave of global pandemic within a year, a coup, and evictions, I'm extremely comfortable buying at 360.

- The logic of permabulls
What was fighting the Nazis like grandpa?
I bought a 362 11/18 call before close ....feel pretty good hopefully it’s a nice 2-300$!
Celh
Can’t get laid in one of those...
Sites like what?
What's funny is their reporting was basically already bad before the whole fake news fiasco. I guess someone could turn it around to be centrist but they'd have to fire the whole crew.
There's that
Blank Check
i liked it
There’s a difference between fed monetary policy and actual fraudulent activity.
Debbie does dallas
The Descent
Brought some debit spread expiring January 2021 last Friday for BABA 257.5/260 just need BABA to be above that price oof.
Bill Ackman
If you ain't buying GM you ain't afircan amurican
holy shit you sold a call you brainlet
it will lol y didnt u get ur airline fds when i was screaming at everyone 3pm friday
The day my wife filed for divorce
Thoughts on QQQJ for longterm? Thinking about putting 10K, it’s basically just the next 100 after QQQ right? Don’t know half the companies but I see a few I recognize such as Roku.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Robocar Analytics
It has perfectly captured the vibe.
Stock is going to $20
1
Government regulatory changes around the world and the largest free trade agreement signed today.
N
I
O
Any tips on how not to panic sell?? I have paper hands
Did my response sound like I knew you were being sarcastic🤦‍♂️ you sir are still dumb
This is exactly why I don’t like Chinese stocks. I don’t trust their government.
Just wait till they release pedo shit again and buy puts
Quantum supremacy has already been achieved. But a lot of research and engineering challenges  still need to be overcome to make them scalable.
Wait how can you tell? Link?
Order some French cries and a wahmburger
Don’t give a fuck if the futures are bleeedingggg
[deleted]
Well this morning in HK the sell off continues with -4%

I think you entered a bit too early to benefit from the dip, but anyway you target 2021 so you'd better close your app and have a look again in January if you don't want to get cold sweat.
[removed]
If it goes down its gonna come back up. It is the way
Why do you have chrome on your cock when Firefox is faster?
[deleted]
I Am Legend
“Da fuck is a put? Imma skewer bears when I put this bull dick in their ass”
The Myst
You were so eager to respond that there wasn't even time for me to get off the thread.
SRAC, it has contracts with SpaceX and launching with them next month
Up in Smoke.
You think US stocks aren’t moving rationally? Chinese stocks are way worse lol. It’s big stocks are all manipulated by their government
Yes 👨🏼‍🍳👨🏼‍🍳👨🏼‍🍳👨🏼‍🍳👨🏼‍🍳
Guys need help deciding what I'll do with my PLTR tendies.  House in Palm Springs, bungalow in L.A. or condo in NYC?
Seattle WA checking in on new lockdowns
Margin Call
Big Trouble In Little China
They're waiting for it to drop back down to 10$
[deleted]
🥭!
buh buh but -4%...
$50 out of what? You may be fine buying friday options but if you're really that far gone than you're better off taking a break
The Day After Tomorrow
Then it should only go up?
It never be like that. I worked a temp job for $18/hour and night shifts at a grocery store for $11/hour and easily afforded rent at 22 years old. it only be like that if you let it be like that.
Good for him. You don't know what his life has been like and what he has gone through. Don't judge.
I hope so... loaded up on Friday and can’t see a bloody Monday morning😭
Smart. I'm buying calls strike price $50 11/20 tomorrow but selling them before the market closes. Tuesday is another day.

Definitely get rid if them before the market closes Tuesday though.
4.5
Ban for using the bald baby
Jesus at this rate PLTR is going to fucking open at 18
I’m adding to my position tomorrow in shares. Might see a further fall down, but I think the bottom is closer than people think
You do realize the /s is to make it obvious I am being sarcastic?
Dirty Dancing.
When you are pulling the numbers out of your ass it's easy to make sure they all line up.
Spoiler Alert: The stock market has always been manipulated and will always be manipulated
ban all discord posts
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
[deleted]
Margin Call
Armageddon
Hopefully bad news.  Spy put holder
True. Mm will not let anyone print
[removed]
I was in the $240/250 Credit put spreads.. I closed them and now I am thinking to reopen them for free thetagang ..

But Maybe I'll use that strategy to buy a long dated put for 1 year, and then sell puts over and over again on stocks, because we know they just rise up.
So who is going to fuck NVDA after earnings? Will it be earnings, Winnie the Pooh, or Mango?
Wth is going to buy CNN lol
It really makes you feel alive
Don't make a decision on that until markets been open for at least 30 minutes tomorrow
Their
ARK did
You heard of J Pow in USA? Brrrrrrr. Manipulation happens everywhere.
I live a few miles from the Calpers building and back when I did financial planning (boutique firm) I would come across employees there from time to time.  I swear to God they intentionally pump money into iffy businesses to bolster or bail out other institutions.
So fucking cool. I was on the beach and you see the fire from launch and then it take off into the sky.
Just like the stock market. There may be dips in the value of your home, like in 2008, but they will only go up with time. As Mark Twain said, “buy land. They’re not making it anymore”
It be like that sometimes. Especially with the shitty paying jobs in America.
baba isn't getting anywhere near 280 for another 2 years. this anti monopoly shit will absolutely destroy them
Buying shares for the short term, SBE, FSR, and NIO if it dips below $40 ever.
[removed]
link
[deleted]
I know a one-eyed peg-legged thai whore who can suck the chrome off your cock for $50
Quantum computing has great potential but is years away from leaving the research space. They still aren’t scalable enough to do anything useful.
4.20
Lmao
*Squints “Say my name”
Deep Impact
HKG is always a day behind us in big moves on BABA in recent time, go compare the two charts before you start loading the gun.
You've honestly put in more thought than the people who actually buy the options
If he has William Lied I will xpenglode.
Revolutionary!
Borat
ohhhh 256? not thaaat bad, i thought it was fr at 246
Oof
Jack ma getting defecated on rn
cause their fukkin pussies
SpaceX launch, so TSLA and spce up tomorrow.

Neither of them should be, but that's irrelevant
Dollar dying, very good
Gone in 60 seconds
Low self esteem, depression, autism... etc.
Palantir welcomes Hunter Biden to special corporate ethics oversight board.
Core
More alcohol and ban
And death
[deleted]
[removed]
dude on the front page celebrating moving into his first apartment at 39
drink the rest of your money and fuck off you eurogoon
Up
BCS 6p 11/20 will print
dip buy

buy

buy

buy
How do you retards decide to invest your life savings in options on Chinese stocks that are manipulated by their government?
full knife lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ehh It don't look like a good show
I feel like the one call i bought on MRO for shits and giggles will moon 1000% meanwhile my BABA calls shrivels up and die
The world's wsb-ish as Kirstie tells Alexandria to call Nancy. Cheers!
Totally
The Gambler
The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly
Brewsters Millions
They are the only exciting ones
So yolo weeklies on NIO monday at open and sell tuesday
[deleted]
I support whom I support but you sir are dumb
[deleted]
In the immortal words of the man, the legend, the Jpow himself,


"Fuck your puts".
Bidu has alot of room to follow baba down , I was on bidu calls for earnings Monday hoping it d pull a Google but i sold out eod friday on that last few min spike. Bidu might be ok baba has more bad news surrounding it then just regulation news
You need to learn what not to do. That comes with more knowledge or being cautious.
You're Gucci, new York about to close down
BuT tHeYrE FoLlOwiNg OuR MaRkEt. 

Fuckin ass hats in here. Lol.
reallly? i thought they were also getting hit
>hospital overflows

fucking where? That's only happening in like 2 cities and even then that's just precautionary. People are dying much less now.
Ok can you explain why it shows down 2.5% despite opening higher than close?  I'm not a noob but definitely still retarded
i was just about to post about pton. its heading to 130 starting tmo
Let me finish first
how do you time the selling?
[deleted]
I was tracking NIO friday and decided to buy the dip, nothing to do with the stock, I just really like French Onion dip.
Do you prefer atm or deep itm?
Are we doing metals again yet?
0dte don’t be a lil bitch
Lmfao. You are not thinking like an investor. The entire world has undergone some level of lockdown since January yet the market marches to ATH due to unprecedented liquidity by the FED. Additionally, money needs to go somewhere and bonds are and will continue to be complete shit, thus the monetary inflows into equities. Until the fed stops supporting the market and bond yields rise the environment remains risk on. You've got some small brain, short term thinking going on...
Titanic
Keep in mind Nov 20 options are expiring on Friday. Don’t go too crazy with calls. I’m selling on Tuesday morning. Or even Monday at the close
im doing the inverse of whatever wsb tells me
Go compare the two charts, HKG is always a day behind us for big moves.
This isn't really a YOLO. 

It's more of a hedge for my $600k of other boomer shit.
[deleted]
I was sure we would get MRNA pump this weekend
Go compare the two charts, HKG is always a day behind us for big moves.
I think this retard was trying to pump Palantir but accidentally starting jerking off Elon’s covid filled cock
you're gonna GUH at open just like all of us holding calls
[deleted]
"honey, i shrunk our bank account"
lmao.
Maybe there's a reason institutions haven't bought into PLTR yet
0tde after 10 mins
WRONG SUB RETARD. FOH WITH THIS GREAT FORMATTING AND GRAMMAR SON.
Puts
It’s not the entire market but it’s going to gobble up a significant market share by then. All these old school car companies are very good at the assembly line but not as innovative. I haven’t seen any ground shattering R&D from Ford, GM, Toyota, etc. in a while tbh. The only way I can see some of these old school companies surviving is if they partner up with NIO/XPEV/LI
got my $COST pizza and called my wife's boyfriend


let's do this
Yes, I’m working on my third hump right now.
You're good homie. The name of the game this week is widespread lockdowns.
Preach!
I just like to try to figure out what the little green boxes were
And that ladies and gentleman was the start of the best buying opportunity in my career since starting in March.
It deducts from your income
The green mile
Moderna vaccine news 9AM tomorrow peeps.
End of watch
As is life for a 🌈🐻. Even bulls need to admit this whole situation is ridiculous even though you're making money
HK following US market
Your mistake was not buying PLTR calls
Mind blowing right? This thought crossed my mind today. Wish Robinhood could calculate cost basis better.
Terminator salvation
It's more about momentum than directionality. Slow moves in one direction tend to hold. Gaps get filled.
spy puts or calls tomorrow?
[deleted]
You didn’t even say your move, calls, puts, strike?
Holy shit BABA wtf how is it still selling off. It's at equiv $256.
PTON should make a bike for the road.  So you can take one of their classes while commuting to work.  Big time saver and status symbol.
Oh really? Thanks for the info thimble dick
I mean he pretty much is
Big money thinks so.
How was it? So jealous
Terrific numbers bois!

Chinese Industrial Production YTD (Oct) Y/Y 1.8% vs. Exp. 1.8% (Prev. 1.2%)

Chinese Retail Sales YTD (Oct) Y/Y -5.9% vs. Exp. -5.9% (Prev. -7.9%)

Chinese Unemployment Rate (Oct) 5.3% vs. Exp. 5.3% (Prev. 5.4%)

**Chinese stats bureau says economy maintained steady recovery in October and multiple challenges need to be conquered to achieve full economic recovery, adds domestic economy still in recovery**
But then Pfizer is suddenly approved for EUA and negates the lockdown move
God i need him to tank this market please
She’s used but She’s new to me and I love her   https://www.reddit.com/r/Audi/comments/a3ioml/shes_used_but_shes_new_to_me_and_i_love_her/
This guys knows
[deleted]
0dte
$25
Describe NIOs day tomorrow using a movie title
Lol. Can't wait to hear about this Mega Meme 'baby' ticker.
Jezus
You need to look at what currently exists. GM got bailed out, Ford almost went bankrupt. These are institutions in this country and they almost went under. There are more of their vehicles on the road than anyone.

The vehicle market is already established with price points. Vehicles are not new, there isn't some giant unknown market for them. It is a very well known market.
Your losing it all my man. Just close It early tomorrow
So we opening green or is this one of those pump future fake outs
Yes
Very cool and very legal
LOL PLTR is a boomer like stock.
A lot of boog boys in the marines and other branches
Futures gapped up and this dude talking bout a circuit breaker. Alright man
*If* Joe Biden is elected. /s
He bet that the stock would lose value.. his bet paid off
I love this company but -14million debt not sure
So we opening green or is this one of those pump future fake outs
Yo if you’re long your good
[removed]
I've got 30 year old quaaludes. wanna join?
PLTR yearly calls it can't go tits up
retard
should I buy spy 0dte tomorrow or 1 week out, calls or puts, will do 359 strike
Have you heard of softbank 😆 loss billions in Wework.
[https://www.investing.com/equities/alibaba-group-holding-hk](https://www.investing.com/equities/alibaba-group-holding-hk) Why is BABA Dumping?  I thought the trade deal was bullish?  Trump isn't going to do shit.  Someone hand me some $ROPE
Nios gonna fuck all of you haha.
As they say. To zzzaa moon
Why?
Ok I kinda want a SOLO. Looks like a fun runabout car for errands around the city. Very blade runner looking too

But is it worth the insurance and registration and all that? Wish it was classifyable as a recreational vehicle/ATV
Think we’re just fucked
I can’t believe all these states have had indoor bars open for so long. Drunk people don’t give a shit about social distance.
Its not listed on chinese stock exchange? Only NYSE and Frankfurt
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tenbagger on Nio tomorrow? What are your thots retards?
In the immortal words of prez-elect West, sometimes this shit is .. fuckin’ ridiculous
Just started Ozarks. The show has a flawed understanding of how redneck trailer trash should look.
Honeywell is presented with some rose tinted glasses here. They’ve faced some serious fraud concerns and are watered down with being stuck in their ways. They won’t be able to maneuver fast enough to react to their customers needs. More focused companies will swoop in and take their business. Honeywell is inundated with processes and too many opinions are needed for decision making. 

I’m not advocating puts on the stock, I think you’re better off looking for growth elsewhere.
Pdd jd etc are good and should moon off this
To 9s
Is this going to be like when we all got rich on weed stocks when some states started legalizing it?

Oh wait...
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/imaloser107 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
LMAO did not expect someone to bring up The Crown in here
Hedging my positions a bit tomorrow at least
I don’t think anybody really is. Tesla had its run up. If not for that these other EV companies would not have the same attention. If anything they’re standing in Teslas shadow. The future however is in anybody’s hands that can mold it. Calls on EV
Demonstrated use-case. Time to load up boys.
Seriously now, what expectations do we have? The car really looks like shit, sorry to say...
Okay theta gang calm down
[deleted]
You expect nio to go back up? I bought bio calls last week and fAiled miserably
Thanks. Wed & Thurs was maybe a half recovery. At least tomorrow is looking good.
You can roll over your deductions? Shiiiit
Dignity’s all gone. Be shameless.
How high do you guys think weeds stocks will go up when joe Biden is elected
I'm bullish in the sense that I think it'll make me money by going up. I am realistic in knowing that it's a dog shit ticker.
Beautiful. Near end of week will start adding March 275c.
SLV gang still alive?
how's he dumb
Congrats to NIO dip buyers
PLTR 20 EOW
Al Tabyat Brokerage 

Free Yazidi Slave with any Commission Free Trade
[deleted]
It has the Lambo V10 so it’s nice

I wanted a lambo wife wanted an R8 so we got the R8 with the lambo engine
[deleted]
Bullish AF
Oh give me a break... they can barely predict the weather 7 days out and impossible to predict the weather 30 days from now and you're over here hocking a quantum supremacy thesis?

Tldr: fake and gay
Earnings Tuesday
By Monday. I want to get out
fuck a 🌈🐻
Money market funds ~4.75T. Basically cash.
[removed]
Right...and BABA was down about 2.5% at the low Friday in the NYSE. It's down 4% in HK and looks like it wants to keep falling 🤷‍♂️
# NQ futures just did a V
They are following our market last Friday tard
We R FuKt
Can DCA still be effective though?
There was plenty of fake news and disinformation back then, actually people were way more superstitious and uneducated

I think the conspiracy part is constant
[deleted]
Somebody talk me out of it. This post just makes so much sense; someone help me before I lose it all
It means you should GTFO of them asap 'cause youre carrying an indoor exercise bike when theyre shortly about to sign emergency approval for a vaccine
what about pdd?
Do we have calls on hospitals¿
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relative_strength_index
lol why the horrible music!?
Glad to see people still holding over the weekend. My whole portfolio is in it right now
Very brave. What’s your next step?
Literally what the fuck are you talking about
I’m your grandpa.  I slept  with your gramma
The more I think about it the more I think PLTR is a mega cap
Anyone checking NIO on the Chinese stock exchange?
212 seems more likely at this point
Are people seriously bullish about SOLO or just kidding?
And if they run flat like they have since IPO, you'll lose money to both vega and theta. Buy shares or vertical spreads on something like PLTR
Lucy is definitely a WSBer

 **‘WTF’: Entire ASX paused in rare announcement**

 [https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/asx-paused-market-data-issues-004039175.html](https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/asx-paused-market-data-issues-004039175.html)
Europenis
I stopped reading after the title, and the pictures didn't have enough color to catch my attention, but at the end he said stonk. So, I think this retard is telling us to buy shares.

I'm an autistic retard. Any trading advice taken from me should be inversed.
Honestly WSB is way more funny and ironically less autistic than stocktwits
65k in puts expiring in a week I’ll update end of week
[deleted]
stroke in 3 years gang
Selling puts on pltr. Collecting premium.  I want to get those shares assigned but.
U must be dumb
Literally just rotated $150k into BABA and BIDU calls last week. I hate this simulation
THIS IS A SAFE SPACE!
What’s an indicator that EVs are mooning?
It's a prison thing. There are different levels of criminality and it defines your standing in prison. Basically US prisons are university for getting a phd in crime
Dewey Decimal System
Ah yes the old "Fuck you" pattern. This a strong loss signal to your personal account regardless of the direction of the underlying stock.
Went to the launch tonight and all I have to say is TSLA to infinity
"The gang loses everything"
Ok I will long HON: 205c 11/20
[deleted]
this noob will short it and want you to buy it
Those are probably toast mate. :(

Good luck!
We need NIO futures imo
If solo could go to 15 this week that be great thanks
But then imagine the various new lockdown announcements that are bound to come from some states. I think there’s gonna be some good crashes and bounces
[deleted]
What does this mean for my PTON calls tomorrow??
Proof?
But in 10 years. Will nio be the one?!
Hope my calls go better than Friday.
Jesus that’s one strange type of reassurance
Bears make money, bulls make money, pigs get slaughtered
nio is not the entire EV market and its still 10 years before the projected 2030
Everyone screaming and shouting about "BABA is down 4%!"

&#x200B;

Every world market follows our market not the other way around. HKG closed before us on Friday.
Literally all of that was true in april - July and the market fucking soared. Long term projects are for recovery
I love how few posts underneath this is the dude who lost 400k, THIS IS THE WAY.
JD boutta moon to valhalla and i have 4 baba calls instead hahah
Can we just gap up open 1% every day for like the rest of the year. That would be cool!
"I may be early but I'm not wrong"
Everyone expecting big earnings, unless they just blow earnings out of the fucking water that big run last week priced in earnings and baba gonna bring it down. 

Edit: but what the fuck do I know
Im curious on which stocks you invested in
we'll get em this time
just type it in google make sure to use alibaba and not baba
[deleted]
NIO XPEV and LI the holy trifecta please I need good news
No one's talking how GM has been selling a shit ton of EVs in China
🙃
Do futures even remotely look like a circuit breaker down
Bro we all moved over to Wiz Tree, come-on maaaan
Big money is starting to buy in. It will likely not fall back into 50s after this week or two.
Calls +100% no IV crush

Calls +20% IV crush

Bears call 911
That shit ain’t happening.. it won’t break $300 until ants getting rolled out again
[deleted]
BABA down 4%

JD up 2.3% 

These JD calls gonna fookin bank tomorrow bois!!!
What if its cool like jewel theif or art heist.

But yeah domestic violence and drunk driving ain't cool bro
Jack ma gonna plot against ccp now
Seems legit
my cousin has insider info
You could die ...
1.8 billion
Think we will see some crazy shit. Cornering a crazy person never ends well
DCA and then roll out if you have to.
FCEL. batteries. Hydrogen. Future. 
= chicken dinner
Been following you from way back haha 🙂. I'll take you up on that for sure.
Well they’re not likely to go under, so they basically can only go sideways or up
Just like 260. Of course
where are you seeing this? i’m only setting .17 down
Needed singles day, probably will beat next time
Whatever public company makes space defense that’s gonna be the money space stock. Boeing 👀
hooefully i can scalp some fds
That makes me feel a lot better thank you
My dearest OP,

- 1. yes
- 2. don't know
- 3. NOOOOOOOO!  When there's a big run-up to earnings it's almost always followed by a correction.  Uncertainty costs a premium.  Buy on wednesday when everyone on here is posting 'EaRnInGs WeRe GoOd WhY'd It Go DoWn??'
- 4. hard to say
- 5. the fuck?
- 6. i think you only have to worry about the laws in your country.

Warmest sexual advances,

q.m.
Yeah, $240 support. At which point I am going to blow everything I have on leaps.
“We done fucked up”

No you fucked up. Everyone knows stonks only go up
Tfw the calls you wrote expired worthless 🤤

Feels good to be the guy on the other side of the trade this time around 🤑 give me those tiny premiums
3128
Bers r actually pretty chill guys, cheers
Chinese Government & corporate spies vs. Elon
Not sure on exact date but merger should be early next year. They have a flight with SpaceX 12/18
I’m so sorry ☹️
EV market is projected to reach $1T in like 10 years. And $60bln is overvalued? 😂😂
Yeah the HK market generally follows the NYSE from the previous day. Being down has no technical or legitimately accurate indication of what it will do in the NYSE
Off the market for their EV division. Not good for trading.
Time to invest in time machines
Baba tencent and bidu are facing new regulations from the chinese gov due to monopolizing the market, personally I want to see how bidu reacts tomorrow will it pull a baba
All these peeps holding BABA and I'm over here drooling at my JD 👅
Yesss 

FB too 

I see your 3500 and I call you 3800
OP: sorry boys...my mom will be down tomorrow. Down to fuck all wsb autists who buy Nio calls
[deleted]
No 9988 reacts to BABA. look at how 9988 is touching new lows the same way BABA did on friday. Compare them monday night and youll see
[removed]
They deactivate them even if the restaurant fucks up?
how the fuck are they going to get a 342 B valuation??? 
99% of defense contractors are under 150 B valuation.
I just fell in love
Make it $25 and I'll buy em from you
If anything, a $1,000 PT is conservative. $10,000 is all but guaranteed.
Didn’t know it was joke 🤷🏽‍♂️
I guess if you invest in shitty unstable banks then yah. If you invested in any Canadian bank in 2000 you would be at least 3x your money plus collecting 5% dividends the whole time.
[deleted]
And JD will fly even higher because of this. 🚀🚀🚀
How do you know that $5T hasn’t been put in yet?
Cuz vaccine bro
F
lowest baba will go is 240 right
Guys I got a new ticker coming out. It's like if TSLA and AMD fucked, and NIO and PLTR fucked, and both them had babies and they met up and fucked.... Stay tuned.
The market will eventually hit 0. Just gotta time it right
Maybe it will only go up 1% instead of 2%
this stock sucks fat dick
Citron just wanted to make the stock lower because he missed out on the tendies.
If you have feb calls you will be fine, I think jan should be ok too if you got strike under $300.
Nope. NIO 100 PT.
[deleted]
247
11/20 nio and solo 😭
Hold pltr and go fuck yourself.
whaaaaaaat
If you're being serious do not use this sub for gathering advice.

My advise to you would not to invest in NIO. It's pretty risky right now, and your safest and most reliable choice would be to invest in a company that's been around for a good while that has rising stocks and is going to be around for another 20 years. Microsoft is a good example. If you had put $3k into Microsoft 5 years ago, your 3k is now 12k and that's if you let it just sit there and not put anymore money into it. 

I would say if you are dead set on putting money into NIO, don't put all of that 3k into it. Put 2k into reliable stocks and 1k into NIO but wait for it to dip in a few weeks. Nothing can go up this fast and stay at that price forever.
Until Wednesday at 12:01am then outdoors only
Is there some news I’m not seeing, it’s down like .26%?
Baba will once again be a steal at $230.
hahahhahaha
On what, smart guy?
For 3 months? Exciting
You think. This man is pissed 😡
There is too much text for this not to print...

Let’s do it.
[removed]
70 is too low imo.
How far out my brother
Help me feel better about tomorrow being the 🌈'est of all 🐻
what was the premium & strike price
Patience
Reasons for playing JD...BABA are fuk
Too many words, buy HON - got it
I think it’s you that needs to read more before shitposting.
BABA 300c 12/11/20 down already 70% on these bad boys
Why precisely is $10 a bottom? I see no logic to that claim. Are you an expert on bottoms?
[deleted]
This ends with Jack Ma penniless in a re-education camp until he accepts Big Brother into his heart
I can’t even read
[deleted]
Good you better. I can't nut to anything less than 50k
What if half the people in the military feel differently than the other half?
Imagine Moderna also hitting 90% tomorrow, Astrazeneca reporting 80% on Wednesday and Pfizer publishing in Nature on Friday
Apologizes queen. Preschool through grade 8 still open, outdoor gatherings of 25 or less, public transit, funerals, professional sports, retail and mfg all still open. So I ask how is that shutting down? Lol
and we follow 9988 and it's cycle?
I just need BABA to hit $312 by Friday so I can break even
Crash coming
You spelled JD wrong
Looks like it's OP's bro
Don’t get pegged by debris
No one cares bro
i have 4 baba calls lol, every time i get some i think "its so low, cant possibly reach lower" and it does every time lol unreal, hopefully im not down too much at open
baba isn't going back to 280 until at least another 2 years
StockHOLD syndrome reporting
Stop buying gyna stonks
[deleted]
Looooool
$3.00 if there is a crash
Strike and expiry?
[deleted]
Qrvo another good gyna covid play
to be really transparent i have personal beef with this stock. i got it at $3.6 and my mom got it at $1.06. can you possible imagine how i feel? but here we are brother. its time to cash in, get out; and enjoy another day on this sub together. you gotta admit, for a sub that calls eachother retards, we have a good universal bond
Please go to $3500
Precisely
what a thrill
On a broker that isn't Robinhood. Lol
godspeed brother
An R8 is still impressive, and it's basically a curvy Lambo anyway
You dont have to marry it, its a YOLO play.  See y'all at 30.
Morning coffee meeting moved to ZM meeting due to covid concerns. Calls on ZM.
Whose is this https://www.reddit.com/r/battlestations/comments/jutr2x/my_epic_gaming_setup/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Holy fucktard.   Why not put 125k in AMD stocks
9988
[deleted]
Careful - might get the tornado preggers
What does a ban in the U.K. have anything to do with a. Chinese carmaker that only sells 5000 cars a quarter???
Euro pumps it every morning
Fuck me, selling at open
[removed]
When stonks only go up, any concept of before or after market is irrelevant
THE GREAT MCBOOM! Think about it, the FED pumped the market back to ATH while people were still pulling out their money. All that money still has yet to flow back in. There is still 5T sitting on sidelines.
So your saying my 19.5 call will print along with my 16 dollar put
OP: Sorry boys, my mom will be down tomorrow. Your mom is down and your mom is way bigger than my mom.
Wtf r u looking at, JD was up in HK when i looked
Have your limit order ready tonight lol
Google : hkg:9988
Shame on you OP, shame
Didn’t make retail sales tho
🤡
[deleted]
And u sound HELLA GaY
Uh wow bear r fukd question is are my options iv fucked even tho I’m bull lol
Expiration, no rolling
We need high %s to compensate for the higher IVs these days, just like how bay area salaries compensate for higher housing
Nice one 😉
Im just salty from the dump after the last rip up
Are bars open in michigan?
well boys I’m officially in the middle of a tornado gonna jerk off till it’s done
"Never bet against Elon." You know who said that? Peter Thiel. Have you heard of Peter Thiel? He is an OG PayPal mafia dude who ran PayPal after Papa Musk and is now spearheading Palantir or PLTR. Cathie Wood of ARK just invested, so did Soros, don't underestimate this company.
Baba bidu and tencent are facing regualtions from the Chinese government to control monopolizing the market
I’m never going to break even on my BABA calls aren’t I?
It’s what helped Obama capture Bin Ladin.
It’d be bleeding fast and my fat finger wont be able to follow
Mango Man didn't die for this abomination to return from the dead
[deleted]
Jesus....I remember several months ago everybody was trashing this stock and I was looking at it when it was 18 dollars and I knew people were underrating it. Now look at everybody. We're all going crazy over it.
with lockdown news? yeah
Jack ma r fuk
blue
[deleted]
HK market my dude
I hate you for that comment, but you’re probably right
Increasing COVID cases, hospital overflows, more shutdowns, and delayed stimulus is good for the markets 🤡
Apparently Dow puts and BABA calls was NOT the move.
[deleted]
PlayStation 5 🤡
[deleted]
sorry guys robinhood is down. because ur moms bigger player then robinhood
Same puts but bought baba shares @ 260 avg GUH
guess: BABA opens down but finishes green for the week
US is fuk
Id expect US markets to follow suit and it will dump
[deleted]
[removed]
All that BABA money is coming over to NIO 🤑
Doesn't matter
[deleted]
Go atleast feb expiry, after lunar new year and earnings.
I bought in premarket on Friday and I’ve made nothing but the wrong decision for a week straight.  Maybe you should all get out now.
and then you woke up
This will age well
Yeah same. I missed the last dip down to like 90s
[deleted]
VIX is now telling me there’s no sense of humor around here.
Big oof
My weeklies will suffer, but I have mostly Jan and Feb calls and shares. Still not fun
amzn > baba
Doubling down on weekly puts tomorrow. End of week, will get me some nuggets:)
3.6%
Reasons for not playing BABA: Jack Ma doesn’t like money. He said that and all Chinese know. As a Chinese, I confirm that. Anw he doesn’t care whatever Xi does
At the end of a rainbow.
why
Narrator: “It wasn’t”
I don’t understand those people who flex their criminal record. If it ain’t white collar don’t even bother to holler
LOL why is it dropping though?
[deleted]
Gyna beat data expectations like clockwork

 **Chinese Industrial Output YY (Oct) 6.9% vs. Exp. 6.5% (Prev. 6.9%)**

 **Chinese Urban Investment (YTD)YY (Oct) 1.8% vs. Exp. 1.6% (Prev. 0.8%)**
Hang in there - it’s clearly oversold and is just going to require some patience, which unfortunately, is not something I have much of...
Vix:( I'm holding my Dec calls lol. Up only 200%. Was up 500% last week
[deleted]
Positions?
Someday they open green and we open red. There's a few instance they were up 2.5% and we down 1%. It doesn't really mean anything except to make me nervous of my calls.
Yeah I lost 7k Friday on nio because I didn’t realize my stop loss wasn’t in place. Would have pulled a 4K gain early Friday morning if it had been 🤦‍♂️
Um high schools and colleges are shutting down too

You need to read
Hah this is so far off from the truth. Quantum supremacy has already been achieved last year. They are not going to replace personal computers is that’s what you’re imagining. There are already sites where you can program in your code and get runtime on quantum computers.
Wait for the dust to settle then go long
A fellow schwaby!
I hope NIO pops tomorrow so I buy some puts. A lot of bag holders here. Anything above $45 is a good short!
Yes and no

They usually follow our market moves but then again...BABA was only down like 2.5% at the low Friday in the NYSE. 🤷‍♂️
London stock exchange. SMT is the ticker

https://www.bailliegifford.com/en/uk/individual-investors/funds/scottish-mortgage-investment-trust/

Baillie & Gifford
If calls yes they will
Replying to all that doubted $NIO
Who hurt you?
OMG wtf is going on with BABA I though they cleared up the political shit with CCP

Wtf did ma$ do this time
Will never happen in the US. Military has skin burning heat rays and will put anyone in their place.
Haven't sold most
then its never going green
Bears = Fuck at least until later this month
CCL $20 at open 

CCL $17 1 minute after open
Replying to all that doubted $NIO
Oh boy oh boy netflix really did the royal family dirty this time
It keeps falling.
I know.
amaozn
F
It's gonna be a GOOD WEEK Y'ALL
I’m buying some around noon tomorrow I think
Naw lol they're gonna beat earnings as normal, if you read up on all they do then you'll realize what a gold mine it is.
Trading speculative financial instruments could be considered business income. And believe me, if you have 1 million in your TFSA, the CRA will audit you.
Michigan ain’t locking down lol. Governor Whitmer just announced that bars and restaurants can’t service indoors BUT still outdoors. You can still go to gyms and get a haircut. Jesus quit taking things and twisting them.
what is it down?
Lots of BABA, and lots of SPY puts, and 60% other stuff. Yeah I'm stressed watching this. Best just wait till morning
I think he could drive this rift with China to never seen before levels tbh.
Dow good
[deleted]
I still have faith it will come back. I am somewhat hoping it trades sideways or slowly for a bit though, I have more cash landing that I want to blow on BABA leaps.
There are still many unknowns. Vaccine, the election, rona cases worldwide, lock downs. I hear many places in US are flirting with more lock downs so this can cause another panic. If the President gets reelected then you can expect riots from the opposition. If the vaccines don't get approval you can see despair.
🤘🏻
I’m holding a call
Why am I sketch of this post?
WHY DO YOU SAY THAT AHHHHHHHHH
Chyna stonks keep playing hard-to-get. Janko made me rich then took it back. Same w NIO. Same w Baba. Fuckers are sitting on Scrooge McDuck piles of cash laughing at how easy it was to play me.
Imagine waking up to a -4% thrown at ur face u woke up.
Monster rally
Juat turn 360 degrees and walk away
2 more months of trump. He's going to do more now than all the years he has been in office.
How's AAL doing?
small cap all the fucking wayyyy
Shutdowns already priced in.
Cut my puts into pieces

This is my last resort
Well that’s just rude.
Hopefully green
I think this will print. 
I’m trying to get a call too.
Yes. They take the loss and then deactivate the driver if too many orders they've delivered get comped. If you say you never got the order then the driver just gets deactivated flat out if they are new or if they have more than 1 "undelivered" report.
It was 2.6 bucks a few weeks ago.
Every EV maker could be Tesla 2.0, but there's only one Tesla, just like there's only one Amazon. Maybe 1 other can rival them eventually, but that's a fools chase.
Baba boys compare BABA and 9988 and see that 9988 is following BABA for the.most part.  This is the reaction to our friday print.
Talks going poorly again. Probs good time to build a position for 2-3 months out
I felt targeted
BYD is not NIO.
aint i tell u fucks, us 500 surpasses tech100 in 3...2...1...
Too many words
Sorry boys, BYND will be down big tomorrow. BYD is down 3% in Chinese market and BYND has a similar ticker
I chain-smoke spindrifts and it’s getting expensive
U idiot vaccine is so near
Just ignore it and pretend it doesn't exist. Like the disappointment of my entire life
look at what they did to my boy VIX
42069%
I put my $ on 0. Did I win?
Baba or amzn?
Ban
good call ther at -4% atm
baba not going green till all you boys dump your calls
Whats jd gonna open at tmrw
I miss the days when the guy drank his own pee 😢
This is the way
tech futures are
Ah damn. Haha. I had that shit. I just sold a KODK $6.5c last Thursday for $50, and I was exercised Friday AH when KODK was at $6.71. I don’t think they understood that they lost money as soon as they exercised. Oh well, I made $61 and have BP to play with Monday. And KODK probably gonna tank.
[removed]
Nah. Everyone’s selling TSLA so they can buy NASA now
Lmao why is baba going down

I don’t even own any and I think their dump is way oversold
Im doin shares more than calls; markets too irrational. I expect those to print within the next 3 years, but whotf knows when
partnered with ferrari, interesting
Markets dont care about shutdown with positive vaccine news
I hope so⬆️✅📈
[removed]
Way up
RemindMe! 13 hours
yep-yep-yep, 32 will be though.
If you're capable of sniffing out people who are purely there to pump, it's actually somewhat entertaining. Some decent people, a lot of fucking morons.
[removed]
[removed]
y do u only want shit companies?
Exactly
Welcome to the club
That’s not... never mind.
*NIO
If you hate your job and it gives you anxiety, what’s your ritual for the Sunday Scaries? I just buy puts and it makes me feel worse
Sir if your order is correct please drive around to the next window
prob not gonna happen morrow -4% and going
Nice
Yes it is. But ER is coming up
-4%
BABA can still rebound in HK, it's just the start of the day. But this is unreal...
Sounds good. I’m in
What he said. Have a fine viewing of "Cramer Manipulation" on the you tubes my dudes.
i just bought a multi family for the low in NY. let all the pussies flee
The Ides of March
Imagine investing in Chinese stocks. They’re only good for pump n dumps
link?
Do current Hong Kong prices mean anything for Babas open tomorrow? I’ve never really followed their markets
Why would you be fucked?
What is BAC opening at tomorrow?
Spy 420 coming
Hell no
Tech will be lagging by open.

RoTaTiOn
BABA hurt me today
maybe babas even more down....
Plug solo into your investment platform and have at it retard.
Stocks can’t go tits up, just look at DKNG and NIO.
Hmmm 8 ball and anime sounds better
3 g deep. Keep trying to catch the bottom. TA and sentiment keep saying BTD but fuck..I feel like bill and Ted here. Playing battleship for my soul man.
Like the dip this week to form a higher low after reaching a triple top. Y'all retarded for fighting momentum. 360c 0dte printing tmr!

Also just inverse the last 5 mins of each trading day. Higher chance of winning. Removes any bias
44.53
[deleted]
Im going to play this chinese bets
No, would you
How is it amazing? lol they are a state controlled economy. I don't get why people would be surprised by the CCP.
NIO is overpriced. $30 and I’m in
what news?
Can we get Papa Elon in the WSB banner
Lol, Michigan restaurants only doing takeout for 3 weeks.
Bruh she outa your league
It’s an indestructible ball of crystal, used for communication and to see events in other parts of Arda, whether past or future.
Die slowly
Can you please explain how puts work. Thanks, also dumb it down a bit.
Who?
OP: sorry boys TGT will be down tomorrow.  WMT is down and WMT is way bigger than TGT
I could only wish for such a beautiful morning sunset.
I thought it was #1 in terms of volume but I just couldn’t remember for sure. Lol.
I have lots of them alr and theyve been killing my portfolio. Need another play. Still holding them tho
Aren’t lockdowns bullish at this point? Means we’re actually dealing with the virus instead of digging our heads in the sand. LOOKING AT YOU FLORIDA
[removed]
JD fked tmr ?
All this green don’t u think too soon
\-4%
😂
Go play with PTON and TSLA you normie bitch
its not shutting down, only dining and gyms, bullish for tech
Shutdowns are bullish for QQQ
I just need BABA to have a green day. Then I’m going 75% cash gang and the rest PLTR
Glad you asked! Right now you can get 50% off their top picks! Don’t miss out on super-secret stonk tips! Sign up now and get a free 10 foot length of rope!
CLX going back to 225?
If you say the order was wrong Uber takes the loss (I’m pretty sure)
As long as they're not insanely out the money they should be fine
Exile this fuck
Damn Maybe not even profitable now. Baba down 4% on HKSE right now.
Bro nio has had strong volume for like the last year where you been
I’m glad I wasn’t around for that
Why isn’t Alibaba making me money right now.
[removed]
Lmao fuck
u/grebfar
I don't care about the DOW just tell me where NIO will open please god
*stock goes up 5% after a 1% drop*

Bears: dEaD cAT bOunCe!/!!!?!!
[deleted]
I obviously fucking don’t 🤷🏼‍♂️
Oof
Stonks are on east coast.
I was literally wishing you the best in your 0s and 1s investing, saying I hope your ride don’t die and that they probably look at you like an oddity. But I guess you think I’m being...something I guess? 

I guess I should’ve just said “good luck, they think you’re weird too” and you would’ve understood better. I dunno.
dump all your nio money into solo
Positions going into the week : FSLY 70 3/21, ACB 7 6/21
8 ball and a hooker for 2 hrs
Shut the fuck up eurofag

Communism = bad 

There's a reason why America is the greatest country in the goddamm world 😎😎😎
Where's our man that collects on bet debts on this sub? He's been AWOL for a while
What other two were higher than nio??? I swear nio was the highest volume shit I’ve seen like the majority of the last two weeks
🥜 going to open up 20%
What does that mean for Target? They are smaller than both. Will they go bankrupt tomorrow?
And if it opens above will you leave forever?
Last warning: get the F out of my library
Sounds like appendicitis
Green
Might as well just rob a bank; your life is over. 70k is basically all the money in the world
do you like bots? its like tinder. you think you're interacting with humans but its all bots. 

want to join my chatroom?
Same with in-n-out
Om your rich 😯😯😯😯😯 makes my portfolio look like baby money 😭😭😭😭😭
what's baba at
What up VIX? What did you find boy?
And we’re green lol. Who knows what’s happening
In new and intriguing ways
[deleted]
NIO calls
Good news from NIO and XPEV. ATH soon
whats good with NIO tomorrow / tuesday?
NIO currently up 69% on the moon markets.
Spy in whatever direction it’s headed.
They didn't even play today but I agree.
What?
1. Yes

2. No

3. Maybe

4. I don’t know

5. Can you repeat the question?
I will pee on my girls leg when she’s sleeping if we open below 355
Do you're telling me my 40c for February are ok?  Wish I didn't sell my 25c for 11/20 for like 10% profit weeks ago...
[deleted]
Don't be jealous
Only you can prevent a forrest fire 🌈🐻
I hope not, based on current numbers...
Pretty surprising with futures when all of west coast shutting down again, or will shit hit the fan tomorrow morning?
BABA calls
SPY is old news. Buy NIO calls tomorrow and be sure to sell them before market closes Tuesday.
BABA😭
like nobody's ever seen
Not sure about proper-realtime outside of paying for market feed. But this is atleast faster than Yahoo: http://www.etnet.com.hk/www/eng/stocks/realtime/quote.php?code=9988
I don’t fucking know
OP: Sorry boys, Walmart will be down today.  Amazon is already down 5%.
Have 500 left. What’s a good play for tomorrow?
Maybe when she is old enough someday.
amazing how the CCP bent over Ant and Baba... really inspiring confidence in foreign investors
What's been going on in Japan lately? Nikkei up so much
I watched it last week and the U.S. followed pretty closely to Hang Seng
All the pussys left, but once they realize they hate mowing lawns and they’re ready to cheat on wifey again they’ll be back
ZM pump tomorrow on lockdown news?
Shit come back lol.
Baba taking all American money and dumping to the floor. When they pull out America will have to support 3 kids.
What are motley fools top 10 stocks right now?
March was fun as shit with the volume
🌈
I wonder what the crime rate is
for anyone curious, i am holding both $70 and $45 C 11/20 bought at 43 so i feel a lot better knowing im in the same boat as a lot of you. just wish there was a super convenient way to talk with people of similar calls live and all plan on a price to pull out at and enjoy team wins. now that would be really cool
Yes!! I bought BABA Nov 20th $260 calls last friday at the bottom of the daily chart expanding wedge pattern, huge upside potential here on the 1 week to 3 month time frame. 

BABA rebounding to $280-300 in 1 week would not surprise me!
Damn feel bad for BABA bulls...looks like they're actually fuk in all this green
fuck no, it's a god damned cesspool
Recovery gonna take a commanding lead Monday and Tuesday, then have a trash Wednesday and Thursday and finish off the week with a strong Friday
I sold calls,  worst thing I’ve done
[deleted]
Nah, it just shows some sentiment which doesn't mean much
how are they catching up on monday after 1 whole week?
What the fuck even is PLTR? lol
What a fuckin week. I was already hiding away from the urban areas with my laptop, 2,000 rounds of ammunition, and some canned food, just watching my life savings implode while my company panicked about wfh. 

Turned out ok tho.
life is pain
Xi don’t play. Baba flat until Uncle Jack gets out of Time Out.
fade into breakers🐻🐻
When does the actual vote take place?
Lol BABA closer to 200 than 300
Which ones were green?
Buy the dip
No idea yet. It didn't on Friday.
This fall has been unreal.  Thought I’ve bought the bottom like 3 times now. Nope.
Fuck I do buy Park Place. :(
[deleted]
Yeah, today is the wrong day to buy HON. I'll get in sometime within the next 6 months
You're refreshing my comments that I fix while I poop?  I'm flattered!!

I argue professionally, friendo.  You should be glad I'm not sending you an invoice.
You’re super overhyping the state of the art in quantum computing.
My bet is UP.
Look historically when the economy has negative gdp growth people don't run to $2k bikes. That $5 price target isn't as crazy as it sounds.
I'm guessing nio will have a solid -25% this week. Fingers crossed
OP: Sorry boys AMD will be down big. intel is down and intel is way bigger than AMD
The pump is all fake, DJT will win in court and tech will tank the market when that happens.
[http://www.etnet.com.hk/www/eng/stocks/realtime/quote\_chart\_interactive.php?code=09988](http://www.etnet.com.hk/www/eng/stocks/realtime/quote_chart_interactive.php?code=09988)

&#x200B;

courtesy of some other dude 15min ago
Michigan locking down

Covid shit hitting the fan this week. I’m going cash gang on 75 percent of my shit
I just started. Am I late?
The anti trust news weighing them down heavier hold onto baba for a few more weeks cause it’ll explode back to 300. Always does this
Trump is on his way out
You're still here? It's over... go home.... go.
life is pain
Wait why would you buy puts if we know spy is going to 365 tomorrow
It felt like he just turned back, like he closed positions on break even.
PLTR $20 EOW
[deleted]
i just bought tons of ali baba shares smh
Your friend is retarded
I'm buying a third car if NIO continues to rise.
[deleted]
15 average... bought 1k shares months back then sold 10 15p that got exercised at... 15.01... jokes on them
🌈🐻
Sell kidney , take money fund account press play
Don’t chase your money, kid. It’s gone. Invest wisely and be patient. You know better
where do you get real time data
No one wants to live under tyrants and lawlessness
Shorting America 🇺🇸 results in pain.  Hurrah. Not enough for me to finish but a good start.
Gay bear
It’s down 2%. It’s literally saying the opposite lol
[deleted]
Why did you inverse wsb? You should have inversed the gays that told you to inverse bulls
What he really tryin to say is buy $ TSM
🟢🟢🍆➡️🐻
😱😧😵😟
Found the 🧸🌈
Guh yeah... well sell a strike above or below
I’m expecting a 15% green day for NIO tomorrow
PTSD
lol that's behind, it's actually below -4 rn
Baba dead
NIO is going to be another highest volume traded tomorrow. I think it’s been the Top 3 all week last week.
I made it up in hopes that someone would make it for me.
how recovery perfoming this week bois?
FUTURES BLOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDD GREEEEENNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!
[deleted]
If you missed out on JDs earnings and are clearly seeing that e-commerce in China is crushing it, here’s another way to get in on the action, cheap. $zto
Thank me later
I'd let her whisper sweet commie propaganda to me while she went all tub girl on my face
You’re better than this
[deleted]
Or maybe this all fades and everyone loses 🤪
Bear r fuk....

...perhaps like never before!
I just shared same report but Nio Cum drinkers Flagged mine as spam
But new news was released with RCEP deal over the weekend, is that not causing BABA to go up? Even if US markets were down Friday wouldn’t they be up?
honeywell is decent but not because of this all quantum bullshit
[deleted]
A+ for post format.
Money has never been easier to get
So Honeywell is a bleeding edge tech company... got it buying calls
No, they have no plans to go to the moon
uh I can’t read hieroglyphics what the fuck does the caption say
👋🏻
conference call
Your comment is some incel shit. Lol you prob couldn’t even pull a girl half as good looking as her.
Ok
Sold 200 at $47.  
Rebought 200 at $43.  


Monday that shit is going to $55 minimum.
Dividend? Wrong sub
Yup it’s going to be bloody red
If nio doesn’t go up tomorrow I’m going long on $ROPE
VIX is screaming “red by open”
“Жестокие меры” LOL
This wasn’t a roll call.
NY lost over 300,000 households and counting. RIP NY
sinking
[deleted]
You’ll figure it out
It’s cause it was down so much in the American markets on Monday. Price is just catching up basically.
You must be using internet explorer
Looking to buy quite a bit of AAPL call spread leaps Jan22 but friend thinks it’s going back to 95-105 before it rips. Should I wait?
Tanking
[deleted]
[deleted]
You're absolutely right. This rally is bizarre. VIX is not moving low enough as it should. If it doesn't dump tomorrow I'm buying puts.
THIS IS HONESTY people!!! It was solid before this disclosure - margin, but now I trust this man with everything.
Buy short term calls. And some 2-3 weeks otm fd spy puts. Starts been working so well. No longer scared of a crash lol
There should be a thread on predicting how mango will go crazy in his remaining days

He's narcissist so it is going to happen
Yolo into SPCE Monday morning.  Branson will fly soon, don't miss your ticket. 

I'm long shares
My thermostat does cool stuff
Does HK baba price even matter?
Name checks
Be $20 ITM by Tuesday breh 👌
Any bears floating around? I need some red comments
[deleted]
oh ^(no)

Have you not heard?
[deleted]
Stocktwits is freaking out over the futures fades lmfao
When there was no meat for a bit in March/April , shelves were filled with BYND. Nobody wants it . Their earnings were bad last week!
I need Bezos to decide to get into the mortgage financing sector and buy RKT
Remember 2019, when a headline like this would cause the market to dip 2%?
baba is fuk [https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/9988.HK/)
Lmao, is this legal in China?
[deleted]
He said buy NIO
I actually like to choose the hat and control the railroads.🎩🚂
I'm selling my car and going all in if NIO crashes to 25
No the key is to not make a risky trade when you’re out of day trades. Would have profited $1,800 if I could have closed last week but now it’s going to wipe my account lmao. Live and learn
Reading is the complex cognitive process of decoding symbols to derive meaning. It is a form of language processing.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reading 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
Lol it will bring the market with it. I feel like this is the canary
Do you remember what happened when mango got the rona? Just pick up calls on them cheap after tomorrow’s slaughter
Why is BABA down in Hang Seng?
What is reading?
link or ban
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
that’s why MM are suck huge dicks
Guy doesn’t give a shit if he starts a civil war on his way out. Kids will sell books. Keep milking donations from supporters. Will go live at his private clubs.
🤣 that incompetent fuck can't pull anything off.
Tomorrow looking like a -3% day.... Wheeee!
Then take a screen shot or snippet or whatever you have to do ffs
What is Baba doing??
Bears suck
Mine are 65c 11/27. Bought them when we got crushed Friday
I think you need my cock in your ass
It’s okay we’re on the same boat. #GayBeardUnite
Xi is unloading
Yes.   Yes u do
Da fuck you mean?
Bears are so silly
Tomorrow will be green
Source: my gut
Goodbye dollar?
Sauce
Jack Ma getting dick slapped by Pooh
Eww wtf gimme sauce so I can watch it to report it to the proper authorities
One more NIO crash and maybe I won’t have to hear about them anymore
Warrant is like an option. Gives you the right to buy at a certain price up to a certain date. For this stock the strike price is $11.50 and the date is May of 2026. You'll never find an option that far out, and if you did the premium would be MUCH larger.   


Currently the warrants are about $2. So $13.5 break even price. Current price is $10.4. So needs 30% gain within the next 5.5 years. Seems pretty safe actually. And if it rockets up you could make a killing.
[deleted]
The Asian benchmark was on track for a record close as shares rose across the region with Japan and South Korea outperforming. Asia Pacific nations including China, Japan and South Korea on Sunday signed the **world’s largest regional free-trade agreement**.

&#x200B;

Well fuck me.
What we doin?
STO NIO 33p 11/20 x5
Market going that way  ↗️ bets should be placed that way ↗️
Lol see people try to make money. Key is try to loose money.
Uppies
You're fucking retarded it's -.08%
[deleted]
I was up 100% by simply selling cash covered puts all year.
Have you sat down and tried having a heart to heart with your dick? Maybe instead of cutting your dick *off* you can learn to let your dick *in*. Have a blessed day sir. I know you will find the right path🙏
I need the smallest dong leading into tomorrow so please jump in a cold pool futures
Holy shit baba wtf are you doin baby
nice you fuck good job fucker 

keep up the good work u fuk
Can chik fil a ipo already so I can make infinite money?
INTC 1/15/21 $50c

20 some odd ^(sun) dial-soap calls 

ACB 1/21/22 $4c 

IVR 1/21/22 $3.5c 

KODK 100 shares $6.39/average cost. You?
I have a feeling, it is going to be sector rotation again tomorrow - to troubled ones ( airlines, cruise, oil..etc)
Buy a spce ticket
Gold and silver flying means what?
nah
[deleted]
Link bro
On what?
I saw the article earlier today before this post and thought the same thing. Fucking Nkla?
Well boys, looks like my SPY puts are gonna wipe my account tomorrow. See y’all in a month or two when I have more money to put in my account!
Then you'd have to go through the Great Depression unless you $ROPE
As if anyone in this vanilla ass sub has any sense of fashion lol
Shitron*
Live in maine can confirm Unum is shilling hard with recruiters they are looking to expand.
What is a backtrade?
Could be green or red you never know. It's a Monday lad!
The real question is.

Start with 2K goes to 89K.

Sold it realized gains.

Lost it all and back to 29K
hahahhaha im artsie
Been on Nio got off Thursday. Here’s the thing so you think a company that’s sold 500 cars can meet the demand of the UK and there won’t be any preferential treatment to UK or better allied companies by 2030. Which is the target date you are retarded man. The sanction from hong Kong issues have serious economic impact on trade ability.

Take your $159 account else where
Better call a wahmbulance
I do, I think it will ramp up as sales figures are released heading into Christmas. But I think it will slowly melt up until then, so wouldn't play unnecessarily short expires.
Hey, tomorrow is Monday the 16th too
[deleted]
Mango gonna tank Gynese stonks

***US President Trump tweets why does Fake News Media continuously assume Biden will ascend to the Presidency, not even allowing our side to show, which we are just getting ready to do, adds how badly shattered and violated Constitution was from the election***
Suppet?
Yup, 250-300% on nearly every 5 strike OTM option I had bought.
NIO is either going up or down 30% tomorrow. No inbetweens
What’s the symbol for NIO on HK? Hard to find in English
https://strawpoll.com/jchk7xzz2
Fuck Elon!
Nice little rally you got there. Be a shame if I started tweeting and ruined it hehehe - 🥭
With that post history, definitely not a NIO shill
Positive vaccine news good or bad for SQ? The initial drop it had when it was first announced was very gay, and very fake.
Yeah you’re done for
[deleted]
So all I have to do is hit an astronaut 10 bagger?
yall watching this Kayleigh McEnany/AOC lesbian deepfake?
BABA could go all the way back down to 240....was a risky time to get in for those that did
dummy
How do we address the insane amount of shares, to increase shareholder value long term?
Is anyone at the helm of this shop called market?
You’re absolutely right!
Successful 🌈🐻.

Can’t trash on that. Unfortunately...
BABA making JD drop too
This is the pump
Tmrpw morning
only in tech, small cap ripping
I’m a sleepy boy. Got up early.
let the man wear what he wants
Yas!
Where is this forum? 280k reactions wow
My hope is the US news gets better with the COVID cases... Cases are currently climbing which may reflect as shut downs.
she been back g, but good post
Using a day trade on this tomorrow
[deleted]
They both senile, calls on gyna
futures: *expand dong*
Putty puts
At some point work Slack is no different from Twitter especially during these wfh times. People constantly being clever and effort/virtue signalling. A few socialite-type individuals exploit good will and start a disingenuous culture and it all goes to shit. Basically causes communication to break down
Mondays
There seems to be weakness in the strength of these futures
Super gay.

I bet they’d turn 🌈🐻 on us.

Shame them.
No way. Not even Tesla
baba down 4% and dropping in hang seng B futures
I uploaded a picture of the Audi R8 my other two cars are nothing special but I have no loans on any cars you can find a photo of the R8 in my uploads in my profile
where can i check how stocks are doing in foreign country markets?
fug
I already had a Roth IRA with them and a brokerage comes with it
Buy NIO calls and you’ll be in green.
Thanks! Any way to see NIO or need to pay for Shanghai exchange access?
Kill one of the 12 astronauts and steal the suit
r/photolinks

Can you screenshot?
420.00 (+690%) at open while you're at it.
literally the best day to buy the dip....pussy
They are here!!
361 rejected for the 3rd time
Dude you’re a grown ass 23 year old man. Why tf are you wearing crocs with buttons in them and shit
God please I need amzn to go back to $3500
It’s freaking Russell man nobody buys that shit
Damn stairs up, elevator down.  

&#x200B;

That being said even my permabear ass knows this is hitting 380 EOY
Any chance for SPY 380c 11/20?
are you serious
This fuck boo add more money in between sept and oct.   congrats and fuck you!
Positions???
Couldn’t remember how long I had been involved with WSB. Checked my all-time chart and got the exact date
So uh I mean....mega red tomorrow right?
Nah VIX won't hit that til after we have vaccine deployment
Luckily no one in a position to enforce his crackpot ideas would do so. Only way I think he could would be to use Eric Prince’s mercenaries.
hahahahahha black swans are so funny
360c 4x by morning
Thought i was playing it smart because the IV is so high but shit just keeps going up
Green tommorow?
Just when we needed her the most
Drip, ichr
hell yeah brother i got 2 95c 12/18 lets hope
Aapl doesn't game.......priced in.
promise you wont be left behind if you just wait for BABA to start an uptrend before going balls deep like everyone last week. Theres other plays to be made stop tunneling
$42 trillion margin call
[deleted]
bitch you can't even afford A weed stock.
yeah and they did all that without making a profit LMAO.  Palantir is literally a shell of what it once was, and is only poised to go downhill and strip off until it has a core business.  They stopped doing all of the govt stuff because they can't make money doing it, and now sell police databases and stuff to hedgefunds, which are definitely not a stable place.  Add that with incoming Biden admin and a public pro trump leadership pltr is gonna fade hard.
So you’re saying...I do have a chance 😍🥰
Time to sell everything and bury the gold
Looks like youll be fucked again this week
Dawg that was a pregnancy test
Patience young grasshopper. Many many hours to go
Vaccine out in 1-2 months .  Imagine not loading up calls.
To all the people from the early 2000s..... Heather “DT” Brooke is back posting again 🍆
People thought the same thing about H1N1 in 2010 and that had only a fraction of the response.
The "media reports" a lot of things.
Is the VIX going back to 17 like it was in 2017? I kinda think it might, all the unpredictable stuff is done for a long time, we've had like 4 black swans this year so far.
Did you only buy puts?
Dem purses alone are 3-5k right? Idk any teenager buying that without daddy’s money
Nets have nothing to offer the rockets
Yikes
My 360c probs 4x by morning lol
Who bought the green companies after the red day? Relative strength in a down market.. someone got paid
This is not a picture
Smart.
I’m all in on 2021 BABA calls in my “retirement portfolio”
only 12 astronauts get recruited every year, with over 12,000 applying. but anything is possible in this world
Look at my current position, i yolo’d it all on friday
Biden drives a NIO
BABA down 3 percent in Hong Kong😣
Yeah, that's usually the case.
They’re gonna pump dw
Could build a really nice house for this much money man come on
[deleted]
Last year: able to buy weekly SPY options for 75 cents.

This year: can't buy daily SPY options for $2.
I know right. Idiots. Google and Facebook would have gladly sold them everything.
[removed]
Keep firing assholes!
[deleted]
Don't think so
Probably... after the launch
Ath = ath spy
Not this week it won't lmao it will b hitting $24
It’s like you tried to do it 😂
This response convinced me to invest
Calls. He'll be better when markets open on Monday morning
Why is $10 a floor?
Seriously? Spy puts? After all this time
Some spy, MGM, and MS
Swing trading is dumb.  Just do options.
When bears finally capitulate and offload their puts, VIX should crash down to 15.
When there is choas stocks go up
FUCK
[deleted]
January??? Jesus I need it 300 EOM
Uh what is tomorrow expected to be red? Are my nvda calls safe?
Fd puts on China shit ?
You're so pressed about this that you even took the time to edit your response. That's hilarious. Go look for an argument elsewhere bud. Perhaps with someone in real life and let's see if you continue to maintain this same energy.
You wont buy puts with the rest of your money though. Pussy.
[removed]
$200 I got last week march 2021
Finish the story
Better than most of the others, but it doesn’t have the exclusivity of Hermès. People wait in year long waiting lists just for a chance to buy a 12k+ bag.
Are EV companies under tech 100 ?
December 18 or further out so about a month still better than most people in here with Weeklies
I ‘m jcakcing off tonight FUTURES looking real sexy
Pics or gtfo
Thanks buddy. Maybe one day we will become smart. You’re further along than me though it seems
He should see mine
If the sensation of needing to poop but can’t persists you should talk to a doctor.
Getting different dividend yield rates for XLE depending on where I look it’s as high as 13.92 % (yahoo finance & Apple stocks app) vs others saying dividend is in 6% range... anyone know where to find the most accurate numbers? Thanks
Hopefully it will be tomorrow when people unload puts.
Man shot a fucking car to Mars for shits. 

What the fuck have your gay ass tech CEOs done in comparison?
Your fucking retarded buy Nio calls and let commie stocks take you to the moon
Lol hope so puts
Blast my bitch hands for only getting 6x 360c 0dte lol
I'm about to go say dumb stuff here but that Pension fund that just bought NIO. China stock is already a bad investment because of book cooking and sudo capitalism - payouts and dividends not likely to happen - etc. Perhaps their buy in was for the recognition of the buy in, stock price reacts to "they know something", and then they sell. It's obvious from many of these comments that there is mania going on, and twitter wallstreetbois are completely manic. Actual payout from NIO in the event of its success is long-term, absolute, and non of these fuqs are gonna stay in that long. Worth a look to check the ratio of small to large investors, if its a bunch of smaller types then come January or whenever the Corona virus stimpack ends would be when everyone needs to make rent.
My name is Rawdog Jackson and I'm here to get assigned shares of amd in the morning because I sold bad puts.
Spy 0dte or NIO calls FDs
How you know?
It's your YOLO.
If PFE vaccines final results don't show 90 percent or the feds rejects it all hell will break loose.


If it's approved then meet the new printer.
Down half a goat
Nope
[removed]
Im sure it is but, it has 67% sold short
Dude this stick is greentree to hit 5000 pesos in the next 2 minutes.
alright man whatever u say
if that what helps u sleep tonight with ur calls then sure I’m fucked!!
December is in 15 days
its suspicious all around, I'm not saying I wont take it but I def wont be the first batch of people. I dont trust whatever they got in there. Might sound ignorant but Imma wait for eager people to get it first, I maintain my 2 meters so I'm good for a but. Also the 90% efficacy itself is no as direct as that there was some math going around
Shoot for the stars 368
Yup
[deleted]
Full blown aids
He never said that.
Yep
Short seller pushed the price down by over 10% yet news which may concern ADRs in general has no effect? Big brain over here.
Your like telling me 3 months too late I’ll just wait for the crash
Damnnn SpaceX/NASA flight. How do I become an astronaut?? 🚀
It’s not?
Gimme those baba shares cheap
or work in a hospital...
Teach me your way
Nope.  Waiting till below 400
Will tank to the moon
same thing with bridgette wilson
They’ve already bought puts on your account
Yeah I can see that
Yeah I mean if you're investing for 5+ years TSLA is pretty much a sure bet. NIO/Chinese EVs are more speculative right now so it's more risk/more reward which is what this sub likes.
I got 230 January a couple weeks ago so hope you’re right
We’re rocketing. And I have to sleep to wake up for the 7am MST premarket open anyone expecting a 9 am drop? Because I’d love to wake up set a limit order and sleep in

11am EST drop
I’ve been done trading spy options, such shitty risk/reward compared to individual stocks
Are you me? I lost that too (lost in potential gain) my 60% gains wiped on Friday from morning to EOD cuz i’m a greedy fuck.
Vaccine shield activated per Reuters:

"Stocks gain as vaccine shields second wave worries"
NKLA? That's fucking retarded
It was the easiest year to make money. We'd just be up 0.3% every day. We haven't had a -3% day in the entire year.
Lol ur fuk
AMD wont make ịt. It will tank
What puts are they?
["We hope to begin with Europe," Li said. He declined to name specific countries, but said preparations are already underway for Nio's plan to enter major global markets by year 2023 and 2024.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2020/08/21/china-tesla-rival-nio-is-up-240percent-this-year-revamping-plans-to-go-global.html)
TSLA is old news man.  You need a newer, younger stock to get you off now.
Up 420 yen in japan
And I’m looking for my ass to stop leaking..
Hang Seng about to gap down
That's a fair point, but the dudes whole career is defined by garbage time stats.  I think he's more of a serviceable quarterback, but he's played as if he's elite.  He gets behind in games and then racks up on the yards.
Ok
So $0, good job.
It’s 8:45pm dude
Whoever Chicken shit voted this news as spam I hope your mother catch COVID from choking on a bbc
Gonna make me cum
If a market hour candle gets 100k plus volume on 10 minutes, then who cares about 30k over 3 hours
I am in both trains
Uzbekistan has it up 7.1%.  Go for the arbitrage.
[deleted]
There is a 100% chance the market shits after this guy buys. Please let us all know when you buy.
Don't worry they'll only fuck over retail

>must be accredited investor to buy Chinese ADRs
[removed]
where u seeing this from?
It will run it's course. I hate the stock of the month when I'm not in it (see TSLA, PRPL, SLV).
All my puts are December or further out I’m sleeping safely
[deleted]
364 at open
🖕🌈🐻
i cant get my dick out of my ass and keeping loading on spy puts
I wonder what 🥭 actually pulling some shit would do. I feel like he could detain all his opponents and the market would still be green.
Fuck gyna and fuck everyone who supports them. Everyone likes to say when you buy calls you’re betting against America but then they have an account that’s 100% baba nio xpeng li and jd
Can’t wait to see where it goes in Zimbabwe’s market
but true
Famous last words
BAN
Damn they rolled that truck right through your portfolio.
You might want to scale into this position. Start with a nut and see how it goes before you just plop your dick on the table.
BAN
You failed that, too, huh?
It's unclear at this time how useful this is as an indicator. Whether leading, correlated or just following the NYSE action on Friday.

i.e also retarded, don't know how to interpret yet just providing info.
SPY 365, SPCE 25 tomorrow
[deleted]
BAN
Are my INTC calls going to print tomorrow?
Imagine being a fresh retard entering the market rn and finding out about options and wsb this weekend. Lord have mercy on your soul you brave little retard flower


They’ll probably make more money than me this week tbh
DOW 30,000
Nuke em. Too low
Absolutely doing it to punish China, it just happens to also close the door to China Hustle type scams.
I hope so I have 7 - 20 Nov 420C
🤫
C lit.
[deleted]
[deleted]
BABA is snakebit.  I fucking hate it because I sat in it all last week like a dumbfuck who just shit his own bed and passed on SO MANY fucking golden plays I could have done otherwise and made a big chunk of my losses back!  Fuck BABA and fuck the Chinese government.
I just got back from deployment a week after this, checked my portfolio, died inside and then spent all my deployment money on AAPL
[deleted]
[deleted]
Get a covid test immediately
“Firmly opposes”.  Huh... like, with the penis?
i think i have some black and white films up in the attic of tesla call holders
Where’s my VXEU ETF Vanguard?!?
Don't blow out your nose dude. Meth is cheaper and keeps your nose clean
ill buy the pull back when investors/directors dump in December
except for 2018 that was big oof
3lon wusk?
Covid test came back negative 😎
I started trading right after this. So glad i never experienced this madness 😂
You know folks gonna slow walk that crap. No working stiff alive wants to put in that much work on anything knowing it’s all going in the trash come January? 

It’s like your boss telling you to paint the house. 50 minutes to end of shift.
Play spy
Dude
No let's gap up 2% and crash right after 👌👌
This is the move
[deleted]
What I want it to be:   $270
What I think it will be: $250
Fizz is outrageously stupid. Do people even drink La Croix anymore?
The pushback will be crazy. Think of the various hedgefunds an foreign funds that have invested in ADRs. You literally have sovereign wealth funds from singapore like Temasek holdings that have a stake in NIO.
My SPY puts about to get slaughtered in the morning
Nio currently up 6.9% on Afghanistan markets
Coke and hookers coming up!
Nailed it
puts on this guy
What’s with all the TSLA 🐻s here? 

Yeah no shit SpaceX isn’t directly connected to TSLA, but this news is making headlines and people invest in TSLA to invest in Elon, why is that so hard to understand 

Either way TSLA will gap up tomorrow and I’m selling most of calls I’m holding at open to secure profit
You mean Citron, a professional short selling company, told you that something was overvalued ( that they probably put a ton of puts on)!? You don't say!
I’d move to Colombia
Definitely! Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
I'm looking for more retarded tech to value rotation to load more **Etsy**
QFIN $20c 2/19/21
I’m retarded, does this translate over to the US Market at the same percentage up/down?
Of course not but it’s been the easiest money by far considering it’s gone 27x and had the highest volume many days. If you can’t trade that successfully with all of the posts about it then it’s hard to believe you’re doing that much better on stocks that go up AND down
Somehow they let Apple in, barely
Nah we can get it 70 points higher before we crash
[deleted]
Hope you're right. Dips = anything below 15.5. I have 12/18 calls and a leap I bought weeks ago, but I want shares for the long term.
[deleted]
2017 was weird as hell.
Whatever. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
I think it's more because he's a big folding table advocate rather than hating the team
I agree with AMZN by I think Apple won't go up as much. I'm just going off what bullish analysts say but their speak has been pretty in line with the positions I've studied.
U r fuk
tell me where they talk about expanding to america
Autistic minds think alike
Electric Boys, Stand down and stand by
Noooo, now it's too obvious, feels too fake. Come on maaaan, you can do better
The pain olympics
[removed]
3610 top ... red by open
Fidelity should let me buy puts on my account.
My gf made me watch this movie the whole time I was trying to figure out the family net worth. I'd guess around 20 billions?
I’ve lost hope
[deleted]
China: Amazon, Apple, Facebook and many big US tech companies are banned in our country. We'll instead copy and steal their business models. 

Again China: Americans are unfair to Chinese companies with restrictions and tariffs.
NIO puts.
3000%
Yup, but mine are 11/27 exp. Lol
Goyard still holding true.
they settle on the 15th so prices jump based on cash settlement
beeen looking tasty son
I sold puts to 🌈🐻 I’m just watching to make sure it doesn’t hit my strike lol. But if I was a gambling man, HOLD FOR ER, THEY KILLIN IT
Going back to $ 18 /share
metals are going to pop higher soon
[deleted]
calls of course
Holding long term and excited for what's to come!

If NIO dips more, I will reach my share-holding goal!

If NIO goes up, I will be stoked to have just added to my position on Friday's dip!
Nah sell at open and buy some far otm puts when we hit close to ath
yea lol, im waiting on amazon
? These printed a long time ago retard you actually hold your options to expiration?
What would you do tomorrow if someone gave you 1k and told you you had to make it 1.5k by tomorrow or else 🤔
Premiums will be way down now that IV has passed with earnings... not sure it’s worth the extra cash anymore frfr
Nothing I trust more than Russian media reports about a lame duck president


I’m sure Xi is trembling in his boots at Trumps last attempt at aggression before getting kicked out
Become?
I think we hit 370 before a major reversal, whether that's Monday or some other time this week
God Hates the Bills
[deleted]
Sell 2hr before market close to keep profit from theta loss if 
 Decently otm
3 stocks with the highest short intrest: fizz gogo spwr
James Harden better go to the Nets
I need FB to be above 300 by January
I mean I guess, but without them nothing you invest in would be worth jack shit.
For all the other tards in BABA here is a way to get HK stock prices if you don't have a global market feeds subscription: http://www.etnet.com.hk/www/eng/stocks/realtime/quote.php?code=9988
Shouldn't you be a B lister?
AMD stock price target is [$150! 😉](https://youtu.be/BbEoV5lMxyM)
hahahahah are you me????
SPY may not be as sexy as some of the other plays out there, but damn she’s consistent.
Any tsla calls holders?
100
Tqqq weeklies at open? I think so
Anyone here swing trade leveraged ETFs? Any good resources on strategies/how to get started?
[removed]
Home Depot calls
Fuck China, they steal and cheat us any chance they get
Says the country that bans Google, Amazon and Facebook from doing business in their country.
[deleted]
36500%
Since when is making bread gay
wouldnt have it any other way brother
So being a dick to one person isn't cool but attacking a large group with a blanket statement is alright? 

 My point is that you're a hypocrite.  I didn't have to dig, it's your most recent post.  I think you're just projecting a bit there buddy.
Jesus how far we gonna go when amzn and aapl go back to their $3500 and $138 year highs? qqq 320C 01/15/2021?
Not an expert but it's not a great idea to just invest in one company you have to diversify
BABA is lookin tasty coming off that drop
The UK needs China as a trading partner and has been increasing their reliance on exports to China including cars: https://qz.com/1932594/britains-economy-needs-chinas-market-amid-a-covid-19-slowdown/

Cars aren’t going to be banned when they’re expanding their trade of cars and need more trade partners during Brexit

No wonder you missed NIO
I don’t think an insurance company will be memed to the level of PRPL
Only thing I have in common with those characters in the movie is the same passport
you assume I’m not making money bc I’m not playing a meme stock 😂
nio ain’t the only stock buddy contrary to what this sub may tell you
Looks like everything will be green except BABA. Good thing I put 30K in that shit on Friday 🤡🤡
[hope I don't fuck this up](https://imgur.com/a/NzpMn9y)
Go to the nio subreddit. No one talk about car. Everyone talk about the stock.
Relax Indio
Yeah that's why I'm asking what you homos are doing
40k of it is private and 20k was public :/
She did that show on Netflix, The Sinner. It was pretty good, she was a little meh in it though
[deleted]
Institutions likely have it priced in, but retail could save them.
[deleted]
170
Have you seen the new ig update?
100%
I want Flo from progressive to piss in my mouth.
Strangles
420 dummy
There is still hope
.62 per
How much ‘past tense’ is the “Had” you’re referring to?
Either 1000% gains or 100% loss.
-3%
Definitely! [Palantir](https://youtu.be/XspP5RPoudk) is a good stock!
J Pow created a monster
.1 if I’m green I’m happy
Palantir is gonna cum this week
Many reasons, stupid sluts that I didn’t want seeing my stuff,
***China says it firmly opposes US actions regarding restricting investments in firms linked to the Chinese military, while it also stated that US should stop unreasonable suppression of Chinese firms***
!remindme 3 days
[deleted]
Fan of their PSUs and memory myself.
🌝
Bro you have no idea what you’re doing, sell for profit
We opening 369?
Do I intern at a prop trading firm or an ib this summer. I’m thinking ib so I can still gamble on spy options but idk
Small caps 👀
SPCE - literally free moneys
There are lots of TSLA bears here now, though I have 430c weeklies on TSLA fellow retard
Home boy musky
270
Imagine thinking snapchat is only for dick pics 🤡
Everything I touch turns to shit. Anyway I can profit off that?
Stop being a bear
You will be fine. Down tomorrow probably, but by the end of week, bigly up. 

SPY > 345 eow is my best guess.
God damnit
married justin timberlake which half the straight guys on here are jealous of?
Where do you get these visuals
Their subs are still increasing.
Anyone else notice nio does better when market is going down?
I mean seriously. You got folks gassing their trucks to protest, lawsuits itching to be filed on “tyrannical” governors, and 50 differing state responses cause there’s no federal guidance, individual businesses going wgaf, and people are still thinking a future lockdown will be the last straw that finally kills it all and brings us to reality???
Big fax
Your put might be too early. Look at NKLA, while after the hype it took about a month before it began approaching pre-mania levels. Then again its peak wasn't as high. GG.
Let me here everyone’s predictions for babas open tomorrow???
I think another one of the things that make the market so difficult is that on green days basically ALL of your positions have to go green. Or if you're short they ALL have to plummet for you to have a chance. If even a couple of them go against the market your gains will be severely crushed and you won't make enough paper gains on the day. Not making enough is maybe the biggest problem because you have to make up for your future mistakes.

So not only do you have to get the market direction right, but your positions have to cooperate with your viewpoint. Or eventually you'll just get frustrated, screw diversification, and yolo it all on one play like NIO calls/puts.
How about some love for VRT, Boomer Boss David Cote’s illegitimate love child?

Still holding 4000 warrants waiting for HON to buy them.
because mlon eusk
I’m blown up tomorrow! Do I hold my worthless puts 11/16
what's the yearly return % you're happy with?
Imagine girls not liking my dick pic 🤡
Least you have a lifetime to make it back! Or gamble it away again
Sold out my calls and locked profit Friday, might buy some shit Monday at open and ride the wave up.
What did you get them for
😴
$50 left in your account. Do you dump it into PLTR and hold forever or buy PLTR FDs??
100% gain at open with current levels
Sell NIO calls before close tomorrow or Tuesday? Then buy after earnings. Yeah?
Ah yes my 11/20 puts are printing :)
Down $2500 and loving it
I answered you. The emoji was extra....and I can't believe you're point of attack was the emoji's. Pretty weak....

Also, there's a difference between a post and replying to someone. Just move on man. It's not a big deal. I don't even know you and I'm not going to take the time to dig through you're older posts. This is not that important. 😂✌🏼
[removed]
Is this like Tesla at 200? Pre split
They ain't buying couture Gucci shit, they're buying retail shit
Hate to be bearer of bad news but it's on the way down in HK.

It's unclear if this is a decent indicator yet. On friday it was up 4% on HK and went down on NYSE before closing down ~0.7%.

So perhaps HK follows NYSE? Guess we will find out via further observation.
You will 10x, just hold
its not enough. we are expecting more for our call's sake
Bear shit 

NIO 70 tomorrow
Think Enron is trading pretty cheaply right now
She ain’t gotta work
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/TSLAQ_FTW the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Half the name of this sub is “bets” I’m sure people can figure out what the juice is ...
40 won’t be the floor
Cool outlook
Call the dude autistic or retarded or something. Calling him a moron is just cold-blooded.
If he stays on wsb he could 100x that 3k just to lose it all
Y tho?
Hermès is the only old money brand that hasn’t sold out
Please Chinese company save my 54c 11/20
Calls or puts?
you jd call holders are kinda quiet...ur shit gonna moon 1000% tm
Don’t know but she’s a babe
yep puts at 9 fo 5
This is impressive lol
TSLA mooning after SpaceX successfully launched their rocket in June was the dumbest shit I have ever seen.

How does a rocket launch make electric vehicle manufacturers more valuable?
Last Monday? I was watching my SLV calls get murdered by Pfizer
The 50 11/16 361c i bought at close are about to be itm
LOL double digits. Imagine thinking I’d waste my time on this without a portfolio large enough to live on

You’re trying to take your anger out on a random internet stranger because you’re the only one in the thread dumb enough to not make money off of it
I feel sorry for your mother
"My strategy would be that if I hold stocks, I am not losing anything".




Holy shit why didn't I think of this strategy?!
i have leaps and i feel it in my balls, we open flat asf then get a lil bump from stellar jd earnings
Don’t worry. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
These gap ups make me nervous because they are usually followed by gap downs. Let us move up slowly but surely like in 2017 or 2019.
can’t rly make money on shares with the way it’s been moving last 2 months unfortunately
Buying Nikola and Zoom doesn't instill me with confidence that buying NIO is a good move....
Keep it bro. You’ll won’t forgive yourself when the moment to use it comes. 

send pics
🙏🙏🙏
I mean i would be risking over 100k to get my 2k back if spy doesn’t drop 2 points tomorrow.  But that basically gives me 2 weeks of buying 3 day out spy puts and all I need is enough dip for 100% gains, which should be 1% dip or so.
r/Randomactsofpizza
I do papi.   Long term shit plus I trade.
[deleted]
Yes that’s it!
Is this like PRPL
But but it looking like I’m fuk
[deleted]
What the FUCK
Nio and pltr I think pltr though longterm has more potential and safer investment per say
This experience will ruin your work career. You will FOREVER be ungrateful for your future bullshit salary.

 In my job, I would process end of year bonuses and almost be insulted that we give away such a pittance. I'm talking like $50 to $500 here. But these non-traders look at their "free" movie tickets and $17 cell phone allowance with the same face of white children on Christmas. 

After your first REAL win, work life will never be as much fun anymore.
yes lol
This is the way

But for real if my boner for this is as real as the lack of blood flow my brain is receiving then This will work! I’m a boomer and just buying stock but I’m about to invest all but my late rent payment (plus fees) and $200 living expenses for the week. Finally found a point to dump my savings. Just wish I did it Friday at 12:30.
Ce la vie. And Godspeed

Edit:not actually a boomer but I kind of think anyone buying stocks not calls is a boomer at heart.
People just buy other people pizza?
Refuse to do something she likes in bed and watch blowjob videos on your phone while she’s around.
Please tell me my QQQ weeklies will print tomorrow
Have many times
Who is the rich son of a gun giving the bear award? Because I want one 🐻 because I’m poor af
GG to my puts. No way we lose a .70 gain throughout the night. Hopefully tuesday and Wednesday are the worst days ever.
Definitely! [Palantir](https://youtu.be/XspP5RPoudk) is a good stock!
Which the sanctions block Chinese exports read the news fuck you can not be this dumb. If car can’t sell in the UK it’s not it’s market queer.
🤡
Last time SpaceX sent those fearless retards to the ISS, you know what happened to TSLA.
Before 2021 ?
SPSX
where were you when NIO was only $43??
🙏 yes please
it's the one thing he's good at
small cap take the leeeeaaaadd, I need these ivr longs too mofo prinnttttt
I was trading/rolling AAPL calls daily/weekly for months and then it started doing things that it wasn’t supposed to/shouldn’t do and I stopped
I for one welcome our Nasdaqian overlords
Guys get ready, I’m buying my calls tomorrow after being bear for months!
Let’s see if the algos can fuck my sports bets too. Got u7.5 1Q for NE BAL
But is Jackie alive? I doubt it
Remember when the only thing people cared about was the trade talks and how it impacted the market every week, only if we knew of the shit storm that was coming
Wait until you hit $30K, feels even worse and this was a waste of my prime years as well. Only 22
I got blocked on steam 🤡
RKT needs to announce EV, that's the only way they'll moon. Being profitable in mortgage business alone  clearly isn't cutting it.
Nice. With that much money couldn’t tell if u where liquidating
What happened to Jessica Biel's career?
Dropping in HK, down a ~2% atm.
wait for the dems to pay it off for you lol
I refresh and people are saying; 'tech is dying' 'nasdaq is flat lining'

I check futures. nq futes up nearly 1% at 8pm est. 

jesus christ you guys are so spoiled of 1% days
If you have any lower risk plays share them.
[removed]
These Gynhese EV companies are bloated fat piggies that the whales are ready to eat up. They got a little taste on Friday, just wait for this week.   
NIO 44 11/20p
Up
I’ve also been selling covered calls I was worried my 17s were gonna hit on weds last week haha. I’ll see how the premiums looks I might toss out an FD on weds for the boys here
Every time I short Russell it fucking rockets
Not sure who that is but yea its ill if u like history smart guy shit
If you're serious you don't want a NIO. You want something that will rise steadily and slowly. Invest in one of the stocks that is probably 50% below ATH this year that is clearly not going out of business.
boeing puts and nio calls
Tail as old as time (I have SPY calls and BABA calls)
No need. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Gucci used to be for actual wealthy people. Now it’s become more accessible to a bunch of teenagers who live paycheck to paycheck.
Wrong sub
I got some but i bought 31 days out and not a stupid strike
[removed]
[deleted]
To make that kind of bread you have 2 or 3 crews of 2 or 3 guys working on 2 or 3 projects at a time. 

I've been a handyman/contractor for years. I get paid $75/hr personal check or $100/hr with a 1099.
I'm good and there's always plenty of work. I'm just getting to the point where I don't want to do it at all. Hence my time here.
If I had a crew of talented, trustworthy guys, I could gross 500k easily. This is California pricing. People are happy to pay for quality work.
BABA plz dont be left behind
They don’t need an “incentive”

They can sell their cars there and they are about to launch mass sales in the European market

Read the news
Itz diff this time
Aren’t they just following the US markets from Friday
EV powered by rice
palantir leaps on tech dip
Im disappointed. Not a single cannonball in site.
Dont ask Dont tell Financial system is what we are going for. 

This is my theory, US is the defacto money creator, Ghyna is the global producer of goods. (rest of the world doesnt matter) 

All the influence and power lies with these two guys. Nobody trusts gyna & its little dictator so US is always safe. US will keep on brrrring digitally and everyone pretends its no big deal. 

What about  the inflation? We already seeing it in housing price, stonks and big money stuff. 

Where things are heading? Wealth gap will become wider but as long as food and entertainment is there, who cares. 

Is it sustainable? Absolutely. Chaos is a ladder as we seen with Covid. Everybody is better off than before. Everything is bullish. 

SPY 355p 11/16
Says the dude buying imaginary, intangible 0s & 1s hoping for more imaginary 0s and 1s later. Better hope your high horse don’t die under you.
Little Rock Arkansas? If so, that sam’s club is always running out of stuff
AAPL has become such a boomer stonk.

Prove me wrong
Can't wait for Trump news tomorrow.  Everyday is check stocks, check twitter, check fox/cnn news, read WSB.  Try to work. Repeat.
Why not do both? With your gains?
This is the way.
Yeah agreed lol
Huh ?
have u considered running for president?
Lmfaoo
calls
Can't vaccinate me if they can't catch me
Woah, lucky you, I'm tryna repay my student loans with the 8k I'm about to lose tomorrow
And Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
And how much financial literacy do you think is in this thread tonight
Please no
Amazon and Apple tend to moon during holiday season. Hopefully this tradition continues this year, especially for Apple.
well the overwhelming majority will NOT be taking the vaccine. Also this Fauci guy seems to be changing his opinion weekly. Give it 3 weeks before he starts calling for lockdown again
Well. Someone's gonna have to DD the NIO, LI, XPEV trinity because all three seem to be linked on the Chinese side.
You’re
I’ve been selling covered calls on my PLTR shares but I think imma stop doinnat. Don’t want miss tha run 🏃🏼‍♂️ past 70 this week 😝🗣
[deleted]
if im gonna waste money its gonna be gambling on this market. would be poor either way, might as well be poor and say you tried
All shares?
It was amazing like end of summer to a month ago. Now it’s become a meme stock and IV is way too high
It’s literally called NIO Global
This is some D frickin’ D
Sir, this is a NIO bagholder support sub
I can almost guarantee that we’ll open green and then dump the rest of the day tomorrow.
Who you calling investors. We gamblers
Should prob go to indonesian for the 7 wives.
We out here blowing 000s on bullshit contracts. You ain’t no investor either
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Nio puts China puts trump will enact harsh policies on China before his exit

**URL:** https://redd.it/juxfk9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juxfk9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/growpoker1977, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
BoHoKnows
quiveringmass
U're a consumer to the MMs too
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
aye did moderna release vax or somn, y tech stalling
Trade talks NOT going well
But trump always calls the top ?
1.   If you did any research you’re more an expert than 90% of the sub.  

2.  Leave WSB and you’ll keep 100% of your 3k

3.  PLTR now or NIO after earnings. 
3A.  If PLTR don’t withdraw for decades, wait until the run the world.  
3B. If NIO monitor US/China relations aggressively.   Anything sketchy with China will crush that government backed company.
That’s because they rode nio all the way up even though they’re known for shorting, but how CONVENIENT IS IT that they shit talk it after they made bank. Citron didn’t even downgrade it to 5-10 dollars as it should be if they really believed it wasn’t shit. Instead they gave it a $25 pt . Citrons a joke
Imagine blocking someone on snapchat 🤡
[deleted]
I held a bunch of shares under $15 and watched it go up to $36. Bought a little more at $36 and $32, then bailed by the time it got to maybe $27.  At the peak I could’ve bought a Tesla, by the time I got out, maybe a used Kia haha
Damn I wanted to read that. Fuck you mods
Doubling down on spy puts tomorrow, then I will pull money from savings to 4x down on Friday, then borrow on my house next week to 8x, then spend all my business tax and reserve money to 16x down, all to chase the initial 2k.  I will get even.
[deleted]
Stocktwits is for pussies
Axios reporter in picture go to his Twitter feed
need aapl to hit 124 so I can cash out 400k. 🙏🍏
Go to a university. That's all that is going to offer 50 - 100 hrs of content.
That’s a big fucking green dildo fellas
based
You are retarded so right after the uk ask for sanctions on China that a China EV would have any incentive in the Uk is retarded read the news.
Nah dude, you're stuck in a low IQ red state with those kinds of aspirations.  Dream big man.
[deleted]
yup i was also here during the great vaccine pumps of june july
[removed]
I don’t personally use etoro but I have my long term portfolio in PLTR & Nio just buy shares though if you are wanting to play safe and still have a good return 🤝
 🌈🐻  🌈🐻  Proverb: Everything is "PRICE IN" until we hit a Circuit Breaker by that time it no longer matter.
TSLA to the moon
>The U.S. could "start getting things back to relative normal" as soon as the spring if early testing on vaccines holds up and people agree to be vaccinated, the nation's top infectious disease expert said Sunday.

>"If we get the overwhelming majority of people taking the vaccine ... people can start thinking about doing things that were too dangerous just months ago," Dr. Anthony Fauci told CNN's "State of the Union."

https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/health/2020/11/15/covid-updates-hospitalizations-infections-rising-schools-closing/6300561002/
In 10-30 years that’s a lot of blackmail material.
Can’t wait to see this again some day
Isn't there a subreddit where redditors can request a pizza from another redditor? Seems like it's a good intention subreddit unless you wanna get doxxed.
heeeerrrreeee
Because this isn’t lasting. But I did buy 12/04 350P just to be safe. Didn’t go too crazy.
God I love you fucks
Or buy bigger pants
Lol I needa get me a good Jewish accountant
It’s insane man
I should become a D lister.
So funny seeing my friends who have 0 financial literacy buying iPhones 12s and PS5s.  Some people are just built different.  Consumers vs Investors
It was about 53% and yeah, no one can know what something and how much anything will run up. I took my 50% and pulled.
What are some of your go-to players?  The stonks that you know exactly how they trade every day?
Does anyone else think mms just sell on news so people can’t tell how blatant mms selling their positions moves the stock price.
icln
For a stock that went up 8% in a day, they were dummy cheap
What program / website is that to make the cash and cash equivalents in the first 2 pictures?
Holy shit
Lol we’re u here last Monday ?
When did this become the sub for people to just come on here and beg for investing advice?
Yes and Pooh bear punished him by halting Ant IPO. IPO won’t happen for at least another six months
It’s called gambling to make 3-4mil?
Wtf what happened I thought this trade deal was super bullish
Yeah seriously
Thinking about cutting my dick off
It’s coming...big green day, big green day...
Blue pilled biden cucks
Sounds pretty valuable to me ngl
[removed]
SRAC too
[deleted]
It is not like they did such a good job managing the Spanish flu pandemic.  That shit ripped through the country.
How you seeing this?
Haha this is fucking amazing
I have a hour drive from the shop to the job site. I usually get one in on the way.
My bad, I bought puts. This ones on me
what Solo?
Big green dildos
Nio undervalued - it’s the future and they will use EV to make rice
And RKT... hahaha
net positive is what you pay gains on. for my example. I had roughly 20k in losses for 3 years 17,18,19.

This year I'm up some absurd number like 130k.
I called my accountant and asked:

 'hey bro, so i know i been realizing those 3k capital losses for a few years, but i got a 10bagger this year and alls good. what can i do to reduce my tax bill'

and he explained that the carry-over losses are applied fully to wash out any capital gains. and then after, you can apply 3k to your regular income if losses were greater, or you just pay capital gains tax on the remaining gains.

So yea. also here's some gains from the other month before the NIO shenanigans.

https://gyazo.com/321658fb64e94fdd74beb5f7430ed864
This is a casino. You’re looking for r/investing
You are retarded
I like my way better. 🤡
Hey, it's your tendies. You do what you want.
Bill Ackman said to take citron with a grain of salt, my bull testicles are going to explode
Have you looked into anything else besides what has been shilled to death here?
Plug.
Corsair=RGB gang
It has atrocious sales in the US.
I mean, the main ird website for a start;

https://www.govt.nz/browse/tax-benefits-and-finance/tax/tax-on-investments-savings/

Obviously theres heaps of exemptions and unusual situations, but generaly soeaking when you sell a stock or an option for a profit, thats just added to your income ans you owe tax at the top personal tax rate youre subject to.

Whaddya think the whole cgt argument on housing was about?  Its mainly about stocka getting hit with taxes but capital gains on housing being exempt and creating an imbalance.

Seriously, get an accountant....if youve made large gains you needa cover your ass stat.
BABA gettin smashed in HK rn. Ouch. Down 2.72% and falling...
is PLTR good invest if I want to withdraw it in 2-3 years? Or should I consider to wait longer? Btw do you think that eToro is good site to invest with? :)
Remember when we cared about fucking Tik Tok? 

SPCE 30c 1/15^rip?
Pricing in the MRNA news like they did with PFE.  We'll see, but I suspect the news is sold into as soon as it drops which hopefully will be after market closes so I can nab some of this melt up!!!
IV like 100% for every expiry 

Def not cheap
Citron send out a tweet and Nio sell off from 55 to 40 
Trump has more power over the stock headlines than citron 
But I’m a idiot for sharing a possible major catalyst 
You really are a “Prenatal Retard” 
A s
There will be a huge pump before earnings to rope in more suckers then a dump on earnings then consolidation then keep rising
Xi in Spanish is Winnie el Pooh
Will SPCE be green tomorrow?
That was like finance/investing 101 tips.
Inflation makes cash lose buying power and diversify your portfolio more then 75% nio calls
May the tendies be ever in your favor
Lol it’ll drill on more vaccine news
[deleted]
Jesus you don’t have to be so harsh about it
Oh haha, gotcha
With blind certainty you just said earnings were already priced in. How would you know that? It's not affirmation I'm looking for I'm just giving my opinion. I believe NIO's ER reaction will likely correlate w/ recent events (LI, XPEV earnings).
SpaceX with a successful launch, now wait for ISS docking. 

That means SPCE and TSLA calls
I’ve never seen a nio outside of this sub
Asian.   Whites basic as shit
I mean yeah basically but if we’re also being realistic all modern civilizations are built on the blood of past civilizations.
Hope you got way more to spend and get more in furureprofit
Asian pacific trade deal
Big day coming... big day.
Orange and light purple and the battleship every time and I own their ass
Because it’s at the top of the triple top rollercoaster. I have spy puts too. My only mistake is they expire tomorrow and not Friday
Easy play: buy both
Asia is taking us to tendie land but what are the odds that Europoors wake up and smash that sell button
Same here but scale that back to about 5k lol
Infinite money printer
Do it I’m going to buy some cheaper far otm puts for one month out. So when the market drops a percent or two from the highs which we might reach tomorrow I’ll be cashing in
LVS.  Sands Singapore is a landmark now.
You too bud!
There are better plays than apple right now.
Guat mkts fire rn
nah vaccine news is fine for tech. we good
Boardwalk hotels actually.
It’s a joke
And then your son marry a Chinese for a Xi Paz-Wojciechowski grandson
That was a lot of words. Stopped reading after Honeywell is huge. 

YOLO my lifesavings?
U fkn dumb as hell
Agreed think it's great for facebook
Yellow and green properties are the move don’t @ me
What’s wrong with park place 😞
https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?csz=1&iso=20210120T00&msg=Time+left+until+Trump+leaves+office&p0=263
NIO at $44...overvalued. 

Zoom at $405...BTFD!
Hes blaming china for his election loss
You had 20k expendable your first year out of college? Fuck my life. I’m 7 years out and was celebrating 30k in savings like some big fucking accomplishment. WITH GAINS.
PLTR thank me later and send me a little gift in a years time :)
I’m no stupid. 
I am a special boy, with special needs.
So ant ipo is no go?
Pooh Bear can’t let anyone have more honey than him - certainly not a lil Piglet
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** SpaceX just launched humans into space. $TSLA hopefully sees some upward movement

**URL:** https://redd.it/juxnpm
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juxnpm) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Puzzleheaded-Set-477, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Bartszella
Thebush121
AAL went up over 7% in aftermarket on friday. that's an insanely bullish signal is it not?

wait; maybe not AAL but some airline did i think
Unironically this
they hated him because he told the truth
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
you can post pics dumbass. don’t talk like you know shit when you’re trading double digits
Will look into it wish you the best
You are a genius
5* actually
Exactly that yes.
No, our profit margin on merchandise is so small that we really make next to nothing on actual sales. It all comes from the memberships

Although I assume Walmart is seeing pretty similar traffic
For active trading, you pretty much picked the worst one, even worse than RH, and that's saying a lot.
FUCK YOUR PUTS AND FUCK YOU BEARS
How many times do people have to say 'buy shares' if you want in on GME.
damn you guys suck at this I bet you pick the thimble and buy park place
Bullish

 ***US administration reportedly plans last-minute crackdown on China, Hang Seng rejig, Chinese Industrial Production and Retail Sales loom***
*-99% All-time*
Lol. Look at the Cali high speed rail project. This will never happen. It would take 15 years or more and cost hundreds of billions of dollars to build it through just a few states let alone across the country. 1/3rd of the way through it will get scrapped
260c 06/21
Same boat lol no idea. Figured states would announce lockdown, trump would tweet stupid shit, and market would be blood red.
What does this mean, NIO up in Guatemala? As a newbie, im so confused...
Murica.  Eat your bird, watch the Lions and Cowboys.  You will like it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Because almost every wsb retard bought puts on Friday. Hoping for lockdowns to crash the market.
You’re crazy though, be thankful
Solo
How is Ron Insana gonna explain this runup in stock prices?   He’s running out excuses
their drinks taste like shit
Btw guys, I need to mention that these 3k $ is on my side as something I can afford to lose. And about putting everything on NIO, what do you think about instead of it, put all money into PLTR and maybe 20% out of 3k $ into some solid company? Any idea?
Why not $70 while you're at it
Did he really??? Why Jackie boy WHY
Horseshit!
BABA?
Soon my brother... The BIG green is coming..
JD earnings is 7 or 730 (EST) pre market tomorrow. So yeah, possibly all in on JD at open depending on earnings.

Holding a decent amount of 11/20 and 1/15/21 calls over the weekend. 🚀🚀🚀
All i want for Christmas is this. So i can btfd
Hoping CCL brings the Costa Concordia captain aboard as CEO...1/15 2.5p
Maybe it’ll be good again?
If y’all don’t dump that stock. It’s overbought.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Unpopular opinion: People on this sub are not stupid

**URL:** https://redd.it/juvo7s
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juvo7s) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Realistic-Vast-6013, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Realistic-Vast-6013
DoubleKillGG
beandon123
JG-Goldbricker
Thebush121
Stimmy hopes rising

Basically anything is interpreted as good for the market at this point
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I hear they got that that rich from investing in NIO at $40
What are thoughts on $FB now that fake news snowflakes are boycotting the platform?
Yea why I’m in on hgen.. leading therapeutic in phase three trials in op warp speed.. they jumped in on the 6th after results showed 40 percent more recoveries above rem and dex in trials
Arkansas, which is why I’m so shocked. I feel like we’re one of the states that would fight a lock down the most
!RemindMe Dec 3
Wsbsynth.com keeps the autism flowing through my veins
That’s little growth. 100% or nothing
So are red Mondays illegal again?
PLTR is the new train.
Strike and date nerd
That amount of wealth is actually disgusting lol
If I am with them for life I would go with Latina.
Nio already up 15% in Guatemala
stooped
🙋
A stool
U mean Portugal.   Cool
How far out? I too want to buy poots
Well what you do is buy a lot of options contracts way otm, and then never sell them to anyone because those are your contracts.
I thought we were mooning because of the vaccine news.
Lived in India for half my life. We actually did own some tigers. They’re just big ass cats. You just have to make sure to respect boundaries and feed them before you go see them. Also don’t turn your back on them because they’ll think it’s a sign of weakness. Funny of you to assume I’m cleaning poop, will have one of my 7 wives do it for me!
Keep firing, Assholes
Hey stability is sexy so there... 
Can it at least be Michigan?
Sorry everyone but this is too green to open red. Goodnight.
[deleted]
What’s with all the Chinese EV bashing bots spamming every forum on the Internet. It’s comical.
just take what you want. be more aggressive

no cuddling
If you sold any of these then you don't get to claim long-term capital gains. You have to hold the option for the entire year.
How is that relatively? I need to pay more attention to that
Man—that would be brilliant. A background that continuously refreshes with changes...
Watching Crazy Rich Asians, wishing I was that crazy rich lol
Goddamit that’s a good one.
PTSD? Look at where we are now. I pray this happens again
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO Pre-Market

**URL:** https://redd.it/juxd12
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juxd12) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/BoHoKnows, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
BoHoKnows
Thebush121
MAKE THEM PAY!
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2020-11-23 01:28:06 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-23%2001:28:06%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jue6kh/additional_info_regarding_nio_vs_citron/gcg6n2m/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjue6kh%2Fadditional_info_regarding_nio_vs_citron%2Fgcg6n2m%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-23%2001%3A28%3A06%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jue6kh)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
AMERICA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
I’m in fuck it
there u go. its not rocket science is it. we hit literally a couple bumps in the road with the thesis but we're back on the road to tendietown
Plenty of time
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** TWTR tomorrow 📈📈📈📈📈😂

**URL:** https://redd.it/jux52n
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jux52n) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Lilaalbalil, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Lilaalbalil
BoHoKnows
Thebush121
Yeah energy drinks or whatever. Exploded.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I'm still in there. We have over a month for the December calls but I think we start seeing some movement this week.

It's just a shame that it's such low volume.
Fuck off crybaby commie
Jack Ma called China banks pawn shops
I like this play
[deleted]
Seriously back to lockdowns and the market loves it! 🤡🤡🤡
BABA isnt moving in HK FML.
Trying to identify institutional buyers without volume. Nice
My biggest goal in life is to marry a German or Eastern European chick and naming my kids Hispanic ass names and having my wife’s last name hyphenated with mine. For example naming my kid Jose Paz-Wojciechowski or some shit like that
Trevor Milton the kind of guy who can take a shit without peeing
Wonder if people know what vig is lol
!RemindMe 7 days
Gotta blow off a load when you check your robinhood at your lunch break and your FDs are down big
So Apple has been trading between 110 and 120 for the past couple of months.  Every time Apple goes to 120, I think wow things are going great Apple will break out and instead Apple shits the bed dropping 3-5%.  This time I am cash gang waiting for Apple to drop so I can buy.
MFing TSM $100 calls
Well Yes but actually no
[deleted]
Is that the soft drinks?
[deleted]
sabes
Guhhh
not on her fb
why did pooh deep six jack ma?
Buy: NIO

Sell: Everything else
Post
War with China would be a hell of a way to close out 2020. Almost poetic.
Just watch Tiger King on Netflix..
CALLS WERE A GOOD CHOICE. I’m going to make so much fucking money this week
Sean bean? Is this good?
Coolio thanks
NIO is the current roulette stock
publisher: rich people
you: low class but call yourself middle class and will be taxed as such
PLTR calls were dummy cheap Friday, if you can get them Monday at open they might be on sale still
PLTR definitely
Prayed up my g
Not able to see them on the hong kong exchange through this broker 🤷‍♂️
Edward Snowden is a traitor and it’s a matter of national security that it’s own citizens don’t know they are handing over everything about their private lives to big corporations and government!! Tik tok tho
Username checks out
Thanksgiving is a weird concept to me as an immigrant. “Hey we’re here to take your land. 😈 But we’ll throw you a feast and have an orgy in the mayflower. Woo! 🦃”
probably safest when she's sleeping
So you made the self-bias-confirmation DD after it jumped up 60% on Friday, bravo!
[deleted]
He did not...he said we’ll still have to wear mask and keep distance till 22’
[deleted]
>long term capital gain

>within a year
You sound angry. This site doesn’t even allow screenshots. Sorry you were too dumb to see how the number one traded stock with a 2700% increase this year could make money. Are you new here? Literally every post has been about NIO for weeks. It’s the new Tesla, bud
SPY too high imo
I’ve been an endurance
My TSM calls finna prinnnnnt
When is AAPLgonna go up fuck it’s been months
Their just stupid.
Walter White is bald.
[deleted]
If this ain’t the truth
S3XY masks
So all in JD tomorrow and avoid BABA? I feel like this market will somehow fuck us and do BABA up and JD down
Oh fuck!!! I got puts on friday expecting covid to get out of control that the market somehow crash. News = 🐻
21C* typo my bad lol
I’d say that’s the general market. Apparently they have a huge rideshare system in place in China already. Would be neat to see one here if Covid ever goes away.
PLTR
Yes
Futures market. It's commodities and indexes. Individual stocks have premarket hours tomorrow morning.
Covid is now known. There's no uncertainty anymore. Vaccine coming and life is good
Probably less YOLO and more insider info on whether GM will bail or stay after Dec 2
[TRUMP WILL TAKE TOUGH ACTION ON CHINA IN THE COMING WEEKS, MEDIA REPORTS](https://twitter.com/firstsquawk/status/1328146566650032128?s=21)


I ‘member when he said this and all they did was deny some folks some visas 🤡🤡
Same
I survived the dips in March, June, September, and October. 

Another one's a brewin
definitely agree with the gaps being filled.  as far as 3500 being changed to support, i dont think its very strong.  the volume is higher than it was last time it was crossed, but i think a pullback from 3600+ (if it happens this week) would carry enough momentum to break back underneath, as the prospect for gains diminishes
Been on NIO since 3/share still holding strong. They said the same thing about Tesla.
Do you use emojis because you lack the ability to actually communicate in written form and have to resort to techno-hyroglyphics?  Or are you just so soft that words on a screen hurt your feelings?

Also, you literally were just saying people are broke if they closed their NIO positions in Friday.  Seems like you can give it but can't take it.
Proof or ban
[deleted]
Recently used them would definitely invest
You don’t see Sony being higher that $100 past December?
Baba down 5% on the international space station
"what have you done for me lately?"
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Where do you live? Are you locked down there? When we locked down I noticed a lot of the same stuff: people buying pork, rice, beans, and whole milk. 4 things they never buy, but I guess they're gonna learn to cook them as well.
how much money should a person realistically keep in there house? I usually only keep 100 bucks all in my wallet.
[deleted]
All I want for Christmas is for AAPL to jump to $140 and VIX to drop to below 15.
I dunno.  The K27 top speed is 63.  K23 top speed is 70.  I guess it’s fine for city driving and retirement people.
A Bengal tiger would not make for a good pet. Think of all the shits you'll have to pick up or pretend your pet tiger didn't drop on the neighbor's lawn.
[deleted]
Ok what secret big stock moves we making today that I need to look at ?
Oh yeah!
I think it’s time for us to do some of our own scientific experiments regarding covid
What’s the better move: 11X PLTR $20C 1/15, TSLA $500C 1/15, or BABA $275C 1/15?
*raises one finger* “Hold on one second I have to take this call.” *looks at screen* Margin
Yolo? 

Edit: Yes, daily. 35 contracts
lol a burger chain SPAC - what a meme
All in the wholehearted American NKLA.
Tuesday or Thursday will be the crash
shhh
E-Musk with COVID?

Calls on Tesla Facemask
Okay Guys, where did I see it. A recent article on "Wealth Injustice". The Left is just starting to get cranked up.
Lurker from investing.....”15 % per year” ....yes plz
If it goes up, I guess I hold my spy puts for the remainder of the week? Tough stuff
Bofem
Even Fauci started to turn optimistic, saying that vaccine is gonna work and we'll return to normal by spring. Bears will never learn.
Lol not at all. It takes like 3 seconds to open up a persons history. You have no rebuttal so that’s your argument what are you like 19 lmao

Just found your comment history super embarassing and I had to tell people so everyone else could read and laugh at such a pathetic person
NIO LI XPEV?
Tale as old as time
They can jajajajaja on my dick
I usually prioritize Attack/Speed EVs on my sweepers. And Defense/HP EVs on my tanks.
👁 💋 👁
Futures said Fuck corona we going to the moon 😂😂😂😂
I’ve heard good things about kandi before as a manufacturer of ev batteries. Personally I think they are probably about as good as nio, xpev, li auto, etc. The only thing is these companies have a very non-zero chance of getting screwed by well deserving Chinese sanctions. Barring that I like the investment
Edit- their cars for market in the US are small, slow, and not too safe and I wouldn’t bet on them becoming a major player in the US
09988 HKG
Works with a case, just need to tap harder
show gains/positions or stfu
How?
lol yet they dont talk about china collecting all our data from zoom the millions of zoom calls made. zoom is def chinese controlled under the table.
i mean youll still get payout
We definitely want SpaceX to be public company. What Elon waits for?
They mated and now you have Amazoom
Can we pause the world for a while till I figure it out
Those are the dreams that will get you a steady boyfriend in a mediocre Ohio suburb.
Ah misunderstood your initial comment my bad thought you were saying it'd be better than pfizer. But yea ultimately the vaccine requirements are bearish imo
What valuable information is China collecting from Tik Tok anyway? Lots of videos of teenage thots dancing?
Market rotation from my portfolio into MMs
Fuck space
Why not lol
Seriously, the non stop pants shitting level hype makes me tempted to buy puts before earnings.
MSFT 300 EOW
I have AAL calls, so I’m just asking if I should get out or nah
[deleted]
Calls on Walmart they own sams club... thanks for the DD
already bought @ 260 see yall at open
I think I'll stick to January from now on. Im worried for my calls this week
Rkt literally hasn't moved since ipo, don't know what the hype is about
Going to buy some cheap ass land in the middle of the jungle in India and retire comfortably. Will have a pet tiger.
We just did
Latina except for marriage and kids. They are fucking crayy
Sir this is a dice game behind a Wendy's
[deleted]
[deleted]
wmt calls
I’ve got Feb and May calls
Stop the pump
I lost 10 grand and I’m NOT VERY HAPPY
Do you mean PCG?

For fuck's sake man, at least get the ticker right.
No comment lol. Tesla crazy.
The day I won the lottery and made 6000% returns on JWN
Since this isn't a tweet? Looks sketchy to me. No lie I need to see him tweet this before I consider buying NIO poots
Ebony
Keep a couple thousand in cash at the house. Next time you go to place an FD order, set that cash out on the table.
This made me laugh so hard!
winning comment.
Only bearish case for NIO is buying is limited by the speed of light in the fiber optics cables connected to the exchange. 👁👁🍻
I looked it up and her birthday is February 29, so you don’t have to worry about getting her bday gifts for at least the next three years.
why the fuck would anyone do it at work?
Now this is what I’m talking about.
im 2 x balls deep into this.
Shit, here we go again. Get ready for super big green dildo and then the hard fall.
I'm not gay but I have ZM and AMZN which I guess makes me pansexual 🌈
up
Down
Investing.com click on indices futures. U shouldn't be here
So do I. Still works
I’m going to have to pause an interview in the morning to unload my TSLA calls at 9:31am. Good thing I’m the interviewer
spacex calls.
Lmao I wonder how many of us have this exact same plan
Lol who buys games on a compact disc
It is inevitable
They have until Jan 31st now so don’t get your hopes up.
That same pension fund also took out a huge position in nikola......

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.barrons.com/amp/articles/largest-u-s-pension-bought-up-ev-stocks-nikola-and-nio-and-zoom-51605441621
All these corona cases are making me happy about my ZM calls. Or a I fuk
Bullish. New wave of Rona
Rip, still above August 17th
[deleted]
Easy - get dumped on during dump in March, shorts market during subsequent pump.
[deleted]
you are missing a space train ride, next stop Mars lets go
Rug pull
could be 30 by eow.......  crazy
Which is happening right now
Lame. That is the passage recited by the character in "Pulp Fiction", played by Samuel Jackson.
Do you feel the need to be condescending online because in reality you lack self esteem? 😂
Ban
Wondering how CELH flew so far under the radar here.
They been green for 2.5 hours baby
Lol ok retard
Bears edging themselves as DOW gets closer to 30k
We aint found shit
Ooooooh shit
Wait what? Where are u seeing that? Hkk 9988 or something?
This
Bears lick their own balls more than my dog does
How do you see what the market is doing during pre trading hours? Yeah, I have autism.

PGE 11/27 12c
I don’t need history lesson
I'm thinkin' 50c then 40p
Burgerfi is so good
chu mean dawg
Louder
Shit was wild that day. What is this platform again? Seen it at small wealth management firms
Yes please.
Huh?
Might jump back into this
He’s going to push the Chinese ADRs off the market. At the moment, there is no way to audit these companies.  Not doing it to punish these companies. Doing it to protect US investors from fraud. 

For example, NIO could just decide to close their doors and keep all the investors money.  In the PRC, it’s not illegal to defraud foreign entities.  Not saying that NIO intends to defraud their investors...but there’s absolutely no consequence if they do.
Gonna be down 50% tomorrow
Himself
I can guarantee you would rather sit on your ass and watch tiger king instead of going to war.
What is that application he's using to view all that data?
Waiting for HK market to open. Ticker 9988.
[deleted]
[removed]
Lol I love how 60 minutes is painting tik tok as a terrible platform China is using to gather all of this information about Americans. Uh... America has been collecting the information of its own fucking citizens for years now but now it’s a matter of concern when a foreign entity is doing it?? Ok then
Feb or dec exp date?
You’re the one that didn’t make money on NIO somehow. Time for some self reflection and some index funds
This is a big brain move compared to the NIO buyers..... lol. The space mining is a stretch tho..
Starsucks
Couple times a month and im work from home so yes
Europoors better not fuck us over
I haven't bought in yet, will see how tomorrow is.
WOAH how are you making 350K a year?! Are you in like a management position, or are you working a ton of overtime, or is that just how in-demand it is?
Hong Dong updates...

BABA down 1.40% in pre market 
JD up 3.33% in pre market 

That's the way I like to ufck
AZN fucked me up
How many times do we have to say this, they aren’t stupid they’re ‘autistic’...
I use a case
iPhones
Bull trap. World's going to shit again. Government can't get their shit together. Crybaby won't leave, virus booming, over reaction to a vaccine that's gonna be a year away. Logistics are gonna be a nightmare. Bunch of states are locking down again. I'm retarded as anyone else but I've been burned on high hopes b4 and this time my retarded ass is going short this time. Tomorrow if green it's perfect opportunity to get puts in place. Goodluck retards
Yes. Now don’t come any closer to these fucking hell-bent “investments”.
i gotta flip phone son
latina everyday
Nope, you should be good
Wait, really? I thought he was just drunk and confused.
[deleted]
What he said ∆
Actually fuck it. Not selling GM 12/18 calls. It sounds like there is an EV press conference this week. 

I bought in because there was heavy OTM call buying so I tagged along. Up 45% already but think I’ll let it ride.
lockdowns in washington confirmed for at least 4 weeks. so probably more like 3-4 months.
🙋
270 C 11/20
Yeah the UK announcing that they’re pushing all cars to be electric and the new projection of 100,000 vehicles shipped isn’t gonna help the stock at all
It’ll be 50 before market opens
You’ll pay taxes on the gains, $65k
[deleted]
Lol ok? Enjoy your boomer stock that never moves
November 9th where the opening was higher than the latest ATH close.
here buying 20k at open
You are living the dream. Kudos!
Baba still up 40% in the last year
**Opes merger with Burgerfi should be done soon**

I think its very undervalued
Saving this for when the stock market crashes again in a few months
we don’t buy shares, retard
A few drops of green in a sea of red
Bears experiencing tendies for the first time in this thread huh
They said there could even be an emergency authorization mid-November if a vaccine looks good enough. Bears are just back to their fear-mongering ways.
I’m sorry, I THOUGHT THIS WAS AMERICA
Did you boys know you can fucking set your phone to take screenshots and do other things by literally tapping the back of your phone? Mind fucking blown. 

Settings -> accessibility -> touch -> back tap (at the bottom)

CRAZY
Futures immediately green?

Bull r fuk
COVID is over. Cases are going up because people don’t care any more. Only thing bearish is if cities and states do lockdowns in response
0 times every 15 years
Whenever you need the money.
If it jumps 10% in a day, then buy puts and wait for the daily sell off. Or buy calls and sell when it has jumped. You can make money if a stock goes up, down or sideways. When it’s volatile you can make even more money. Try doing that with Ford and see how far it’s gets you
Not gonna lie I’m buying at open of it shows it’s bottomed
Lol ok? I still make good profit
Your an idiot if you think this news has any effect on Nio at all lol
Puts on your wifes body temperature
Steal her wallet so you can take the money and look at her id. It’s not that hard for her to get new cards and shit
eeehh. was in it for a minute but ran w a minuscule gain before the dip below $3. Crazy high debt levels
I thought that being able to cough infected air on minimum age workers was in the Bill of Rights?
Fireplace
CC?
role play a traffic stop with her
As annoying as some of you fuckers are, some of the comments make me giggle hard to myself. 

NIO 50+ EOD.
I said this the other day. I got 410c 11/27, bought at 404. Ez money
Ikr and IT HURTS
Noice
She was somewhat fuckable. Hot? Dunno.

We are! we are! Walmart!
You show me a pay stub for 3$ and I’ll quit my job and work for you
 thanks this is a better comparison
pltr
Saw this thing on the innernet that said Queen Elizabeth and Marilyn Monroe were both born in the same year. And Princess Dianna and Mother Theresa died days apart. Innernet is wild.
😇😇😇
Hahaha that graph only has a negative slope. How did you 1 always get it wrong and 2 how did you lose 250k and then your lose rate increase? Like you never considered taking 5?
[deleted]
find beauty in unexpected places.

https://twitter.com/ordurebizarree/status/1328071419465510912?s=19
UK poors be like oy futes be rippin mate, shtoopid innit
Check via fb then put that shit on your google calendar and a notice for yourself the week before so you don't forget in the future...Works every time and they are grateful you never forget
Calls on photoshop
12/18 is probably too soon. At the moment it doesn't look like the dip is being bought in Hong Kong. BABA down 1.56% in pre market rn.
Lol
In the same boat. 45c bought at $42. Easy $$$$$$
Good thing you still make money on that, and that’s less than once a week this year
I honestly can’t believe citron has the balls to short another EV stock based on valuation after getting T bagged by $TSLA. Any shorts that piled in NIO on Friday are going to get fleeced hard.
So how many times a day does everyone jack off? Do you do it at work?
Big mouth
Live in FL, can confirm
Both NIO bears and bulls have shit cases. Bulls will probably win just because stocks only go up.
Our grandparents were asked to go to war for country and liberty hung in the balance.

We were asked to stay home and watch Tiger King while getting paid.
Good work America. You really doing your legacy proud.
^ this. At $270 strike it would have been a surer bet but at $280 I would be trying to close those at a profit ASAP as there is still a lot of risk in BABA falling and then taking until next year to recover.
bite your tongue
ZM thoughts this week?
Where my “buy the dip on BABA” retards at?
everyone still hanging in there ? 

i forgot to mention i have x3 100c @ 12/18 for .70 , down -25% as of Friday close , but still have hope
Domp eet
Oh wait, tendies are our reward
Annoyed about NIO comments and then you make a NIO comment. Good job
I am afraid of JPOW but another likely scenario is that trump sabotages the economy to force the next admin to pick up the pieces and blame it on them
yeah I'm fucked I bought travel like a true retard
Hello I’d like to see some identification
You don’t understand, man. Nikola is Tesla’s first name
Any reasoning?
Everyone said that all last week too. 

The thing no one said is about a massive drop Friday.
Both up
please learn how futures contracts work
[removed]
Ask her the date of the last time she saw her father
Check her Facebook
She was like AOC of the olden times
gONNA be so funny when everything is up 2% premarket and baba is down 5 lol
Shares went from $2 to $54 this year

If you can’t figure out how to make money on that then just quit now. Or buy shares
Largest US pension fund added Nikola. Mother fucker that’s my inheritance money you’re playing with!
Shrimp ramen is the king of versatlity
[deleted]
Which reminds me...Nio's CEO is Li, who has no connection to the Chinese EV $LI...fucking EV-ception
[removed]
We need a bull award dammit
Priced in, has been for months
Just tell her. Honesty is everything.
Fuck ya!
All I know is every stock will be green tomorrow except pton which means I am fucked
PLTR or GME?
Positions
Roman empire
You should have already left
feel like this week is going to be completely un-based and ronapilled
Apparently a vaccine months away creates all time highs; higher than pre-corona despite parabolic COVID cases, no stimmy, at capacity ICUs, states shutting down again, an erratic president, and record unemployment with super spreader holidays around the corner.
Lmao this is so fucking ugly and such shitty performance and so little practicality.

Amazing
Yeah, go through her purse when she's occupied.
Hahahaha hard to hoard when we only sell them one case
[deleted]
If I see the slightest gap up on NIO when the bell rings, I’m going all in on calls for quick scalp 💸
How is someone with this much money so stupid.... I don’t believe it
I’m not understanding your point
hey you! stop! yes you. we have word on the street that you're a bear. we're going to have to take you down to the local precinct for questioning. don't argue with me. get in the back of the vehicle. now!
is she from a rich family?
Play the ups and down. 

Follow the volume.
Trump not conceding hasn't had any impact on the economy so I doubt that him conceding would have a positive impact.

I've found it strange that tech has struggled this week while corona cases are picking up speed
 
Politics will likely get in the way of any stimulus and I doubt trump will care about doing anything positive for anyone else once he's accepted that he's out as pres
Nio to 3$ Wednesday premarket
no, wed be ripping much harder for that
Futures be like 'Call me fo ya free readin'!'
Lost money on puts that day
I am fuk
When you walk out of the Apple store with an iPhone 12 in your mouth
Bernie literally had a heart attack and then won a bunch of states, I'm pretty sure Americans would elect a corpse if it had the right letter next to it's name.
IVR
Lmao nah I was gonna use it to travel but this was like a month before COVID started
maybe
RKT Gang is like herpes. We don’t stop coming back
Let me get some of that bear award! Make me feel better about my puts
Playfully pull out your drivers license and ask to see hers so you can make fun of how goofy one another look, but look at her DOB
Stay at home stocks way up
Colonizing mars eod.
Nggas hoarding toilet paper. That's all I got through, and everybody was expecting this again, people are scared and don't want to wipe there ass with towels again....where were you in March bruh....you ever wipe with a washcloth?? Me either but that sht sounds like some chafed assholes.
why even bother with NIO ? one bad day you can lose all your money but on good days with 10%+ swing nio FDs only print 100%~ gains it’s fucking worthless.
Tell her your license is expiring and ask to see hers to make sure it’s good
Feeling like rolling the dice on some amazon 2-3 month amazon calls shits been sideways for to long
ARI, ACRE, EPR, MFA, GPMT
In all seriousness and curiosity? How are some of you guys so bullish on SPY? With looming Covid fear and increasing lockdowns I see some stalling in its run up. Do you think Covid is prices in? Fear won’t affect it anymore? What are your thoughts
Nice new haircut man
Told y’all we’re going to melt up. SPY will be above 380 before the next crash
y cant space take off
Gyna bulls to get liquidated
Username checks out
Looks like he’s hiding a brick in his mouth
Now it’s 40k in one stock.
Y’all remember the iPhone 6gb
Nasdaq is too flat IMO
My bad lol, that shit was stressful as fuck and I was already on adderall
SHOP under $1000 good buy or na?
[deleted]
Check. And mate
Cause teams is slow and shitty
Enjoy your run up in the morning to then lose it all in 30 min like everyday last week
[deleted]
Because they fuck their sisters
Why are we mooning?
$NIO $69.420 EOW confirmed.   Surely no coincidence that Elon has the Gyna virus.
Red EOW
Ys that
Swinging DKNG
Mexican girls be like : jajajaja xD
[deleted]
What's to miss other than the sound?

No moving parts, no exhaust system, minimal fluid changes, outrageous torque, simpler and more accurate all wheel drive systems that can learn and grow, more storage space, cheaper power.

There's almost nothing advantageous to ICE.
Yea yea yea I felt good about my Tech calls last Sunday night too.
30K in one stock? Wow, I wish I was you, Mr. Gates.
seems bullish to me
Aha, yeah, you're right. I'm playing OTM on these hoping for a quick spike and will close out.  I also get more contracts this way. The risk of a downdraft wiping out this position is real, which is why I wish to derisk and sell the weekly CCs.  That said, this is a very small position for me.  I probably have 60 individual Silver plays with more Capital than this one.  If I were putting in 'real money', I would want 90 days minimum.  This would also be a great time to load up on $270-$280 LEAPS.
For what reason?
look at her driver's license dumbshit
That was me
What dumbass gave you gold
Google options calculator.
not ready til Apr '21, short term it's only gonna get worse
Find a way to ask to see her ID picture in a conversation
Ban Americans from owning Chinese ADRs?
So I guess now we just sit here till moderna pulls a Pfizer 2.0
dump it into SDC calls for a easy 10 bagger
what do they do? can i exchanfe it for money?
Cuz they ain't red HAHAHAHA GJAJAJAJAHAHAHAHAHAJAJAJA
I work for California State, we're phasing out zoom and going 100% Microsoft Teams. Zoom is definitely going to lose the market share it had in 2020 in the coming years.
unless they're hookers
Have you tried taking her on a date
I’m also very ADHD, probably why I rambled on for so fucking long lol
BABA down .08% in Long Dong pre market rn.

But JD up 3.5% 💪😤
just browse
Vaccine with the TKO
🖕🖕🖕
Trump said in his Friday presser that the vaccine would be available in April which is probably more realistically way later. He almost slipped up and said "next administration" but caught himself before admitting he lost the election
It’s called homelessness.
Tickers now
All in PDD puts!
confirmed am living, but wat, why are these people still elected after this garbanzo
Lol you’re just mad you don’t have a position in calls right now, i think you forgot how the market is retarded, whenever SpaceX launches so does TSLA
[deleted]
has she ever done it before?
You mean gapped down?
so up or down
Speculation behind pretty firm news and projections
Pokédex
Gap up to 361, slow melt up to 365 intraday, slight sell off to 363 to end the day tomorrow

SPY $420 EOW
This is the way
Come on NIO make these $5 puts print 🤤🤤🤤
Exactly what I’ve been thinking, shit it’s worked good for me so far. No Covid, just 2 days of depression after the come down every weekend
I wouldn't be too exuberant this week if I were a bull...
seeing a lot op nio optimism.  its gonna crash hard lmfao
NIO currently sells their EV in China and has no plans to sell in the US.
A peasant brought into royalty, of course she was hot
Baba was up 4% on Friday in HK but in Merica it tanked, this means nothing
No shit logistic problems.. invest in cold storage companies should be good
Lots of people losing their shit and buying toilet paper ground beef peanut butter etc
forgot when my girlfriend's birthday is fuck
Baba 295c and 305c 12/18 am I fucked ?
PLTR calls
Cathie bought NIU instead I think.
My SPY 400c is like a Pokémon that just evolved. It was a lotto, but now I consider it a serious holding.
Eat her asshole.
talk about going the complete opposite direction LOL
not so fast. we're not going anywhere without a good limit up first
[deleted]
Yep as soon as everyone buys puts
All those awards? Word lol
Fuck bears we all make money when shit goes up. Unless you’re dumb enough to only do weeklies or never buy stock
A homeless dude just said NIO finna open up at 56 tom am.  This guy is usually pretty accurate with his predictions.
Nio moons?
Top thing on Netflix when you’re high AF - go:
Pfizer is also mrna based
[removed]
Realllyyyyy
ATH by the morning
my adhd prevents me from reading your word salad, but i appreciate your effort
Next time you try to pick up a date show them all your Reddit awards
Sorry bud
[https://imgur.com/a/pKb4Tca](https://imgur.com/a/pKb4Tca) corona broke resistance?
Lol. Ok Mr. Projector. I have nothing invested in this.
You boys are welcome I GOT PUTS
Good looking submissive dumb sluts? Get in line.
I need to wake up to spy down and tech up
[deleted]
No...?
Holding 40, 45, 50s.
Blow cancels out covid
Ginseng?
There of my brokerages were down that day so
Get one of those hypnosis wheels and use it on her
Bulls always win
If you haven't bought long commercial reit shares what are you even doing???
Nio premiums gonna be so high, poors won’t be able to afford it in the morning
She couldn’t keep their dad around what makes you think you’ll be different. Be her escape and break it off when you get bored or she gets demanding.
Baba better go up or I’ll be 😠
Here are some other reasons to be Bullish.

\- Trade Deal Between China and SE Asia

\-Trump Raising the white Flag this week

\-J Pow Dont Fight the Tape

\-  Rotation back to Tech.

\- More Covid, More stimulus, more bipartisan support
And then you woke up from your dream
Futures solid. Should be able to sell GM at open. Will immediately buy some other stuff (oil, energy, ev)
I demand a bear award.
I don't think you know what the term priced in means.
moderna still mrna tech.
It would be much more sustainable if we were just up 0.3% for 5 days in a row instead of random gap ups of 1.5%.

It would kill VIX too.
We poppin TUMs like it’s candy 😎
Better check your theta and iv
if it hits 30, I could break even and even make some tendies on ny all time charts. damn, that's the dream.
Maybe not FDs, but a good play a bit longer term. Mine are mid-Jan $92.5.
For some reason TSLA rallies when an unrelated company does space shit just because it is owned by the same guy
To cry with or what?
Son is that you?!?
This is going to crash so fucking hard baha
Princess Diana was kinda hot
Pay a hooker
[deleted]
BABA bois HK market opens in 15mins, lets hope for good news.
Gold and silver blasting off. Clang gang fo lyfe
Nio up tomorrow ty
Somebody on here yesterday was saying they bought 8k in spy puts expiring monday. . .

Damn they pretty fuk
[deleted]
Who's got AMZN calls?
Saweee
Bro
But you got so butthurt by my little comment that you went though my history! 😂
Someone plz confirm my bias that sbe or blink is gonna hop in the NIO and fucking blastoff for my fds at open
Just testing something...
SPY 370 for my boy KOP
Two weeks usually. If you have more than a million, first 25 trades are free.  More than 5 and first 100 are free.

The option trading platform is clunky and can only be done via web not app
Damn one of us Autists finally cashed in on a yolo and is blowing it on Reddit coins/awards!!!
Fuck it. I'm in.
God I made so much money that week. All gone now of course.
For us 🌈 🐻 converts of March, I cannot even begin to describe the size of my errection looking at this
How tf are future so green
I just hope to gd my NLS calls print
[deleted]
expansion to europe not america
Ezekiel Elliott 21?
Really? I’m not even offering much advice here anymore. If you want some assistance feel free to DM me. Be strong with your trades
[deleted]
TSLA to the MOON baby! 🚀✨
why u bringing Ezekiel into this bro😭🤣
I go to Uranus...
Bro it’s been a week, stop jinxing
I guess its shares in 3x ETFs until the fed turns the printer off
Curious when other states will announce lockdowns. My guess is trump has less of a power position over governers in D states and they will be the first to start annoucing state lockdowns. Will never be another fed lockdown while trump is pres
[removed]
What happens in this situation?

I started with $35k, lost $25k, then had $100k in gains. Do i pay taxes on the net positive of +$65k or the $100k
Big truck and big dick are mutually exclusive.
Smokin some alien cookies and praying PTON and FSLY will be 20%+
They joining cash gang
[deleted]
Ooooof, that's gonna hurt.
look at the dow... holy cow!
NIO closed at $69 in Chyna
Which 9th are too referring too?
If you meant that you could have said that. It was not much longer to say. Instead I read your post 3 times now and I’m not sure it’s even English. I’m certainly dumber for reading it that’s for sure. Anyway, may SPCE rain tendies on us all.
Bear awards for everyone
Just like how I don’t touch bank stocks. Look at Citigroup. If you put money into them in even in 2000 you’d kill yourself
Lesbians go to Pluto to get more Punto
Weeklies? Gtfo ASAP

Edit: daily.  Even better
Will they open up?
Can anyone tell mr what the point of these awards is? What use do I have of them?
Heyyy i wanna award too
plot twist. the reason she's a hooker is because she spent her rent money on nio calls on Friday.
That would have capped his gains after the big dick rally
*Cardiovascular Disease has entered the chat...*
I have a thousand XPEV shares. Bought at 30 so decent gains thus far.
Why do so many people think TSLA will moon tomorrow? Riced in retards think this spaceX launch was just a spur of the moment thing lmao
WALMART!
I used to work for vg. They are heavy into their philosophy which to their credit works very well and was created by them, which is to invest in mutual funds and have a long term low cost outlook. They are pretty against day trading and probably don’t make option trading as easy or as cheap as their competition due to this.
Suggest you develop investment maturity before you lose more. Write down each trade you lost and trying to understand the cause.
Lmao my anus or lmaooo your anus hahahahahahahagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagakajajajahahahahahahajahahahahahahahqhahqhhahahwhahahahahahahwhwhwhwh
Does anyone know the trading float of PLTR?
I am right and you are wrong.  Your getting emotional now and you need to calm down.
So you're saying a weekly with 200% IV implies it's expected to double by expiry?
Sell
They will go up
Bunch of fear mongering pussy farts
Just live your life brother
so invest in the therapeutics about to be eua bud in op warp speed trump talked about us
corona cases have got your back
Are we gonna really get Dow 30k?
Dude you went like 3 paragraphs over the limit.
Nigga I don’t even read DD why would I read this
[deleted]
This chart never happens.  I call bs
I doubt it, that opening was ridiculously high, this is within reason
i pray you're right
🚀 🚀 🚀
We approved in here in CA but they over promised and under delivered. Underestimated cost, as well as time to build. If I recall correctly, they’re spending more and only building to Fresno, so like 1/3 of the scheduled route.
I got 365 calls that expire Monday before the close on Friday... do I market sell at open or hold?
Everyone in here who didn’t listen will be chasing and it’ll be glorious. $30 by next week
Im looking at time in the contract mostly. And of course what the actual stock is doing.

Sometimes im up bigly, sometimes im barely up at all.
Where are you located?
Lol google dropped 10% in one day? Jesus
I never went in but I lost money on nio crash
[removed]
Don’t be fooled my friends, they are playing us till the last second.
It's clear why the sub is being scraped for data.  Investing at the moment is about momentum moreso than valuation in many cases these days.  Those who are trading momentum plays are likely winning, until at some point the market inevitably goes back to thinking about valuation.   Not really a matter of if but when...
It took a couple days to get accepted. $1 per contract fee.
Tldr but sounds like u going through some shit so good luck
Shinkansen is one of Japan economy backbone. Move millions of passenger every day across Japan with relatively cheap ticket
Buy tech callw
its goin up :(
I want to be able to piss again
ZM tomorrow or no
lol
My dick started swelling up as I read this
Okay I’ll fade the fuck outta you with way OTM puts
we only use robinhood in here🤡
Hey 🐻, let me read you a passage from Ezekiel 25:17. 

“The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.”
Enough with the gay bear awards. No one wants that shit
Currently it is available only in China, but they plan global expansion (no info when)
Thoughts on PTON and ZM?
Where are you getting April? Supposedly might be ready as soon as December
Seriously, doing blow with only 2 people isn’t as fun as 7
Actual question:

Where does the PPT get its money from?

Is there a certain amount in the federal budget for AH/PM market manipulation?
Girls go to Venus to get some penis

Boys go to Uranus to get some anus
Figured it’d be mm
Boeing is not staying up
HGEN baby! Better than any covid therapeutic available at 50 percent interim in phase 3 trials.. efficiency of around 85 percent, the next front line covid therapy with a fucking market cap of 480 million.. Interim results from phase 3 released the 6th, barda, crada and dod operation warp speed jumped on board after that, they had to get in on that action, lol!!!
Unpopular opinion  but iced coffee tastes better than hot coffee 😋
All these covid cases/hospitalization/deaths goin on I thought would make boeing and airlines fall again, im retarded
Source?
Jesus Christ.  Can we be a little realistic here.  NIO opening at 80.  End of discussion.
Back when gay bears sat in their rightful place on top of the red throne, and cuck bulls were forced to satisfy their erect schlongs
My portfolio hopes you are right
Oh yes talk dirty to me daddy 💦 papa Elon is taking us to the MOON
But there’s only one Uranus
Ew
Transfer it into robinhood. Make it turn into 30k
Petition to officially change the name of the Moon to NIO.. 
1. Means the same thing
2. Less letters easier and faster to write/type
you could quantify it with the percentages you mentioned genius.
[deleted]
Hello son
3/19 IWM $150p. 

92 contracts.
Why wouldn’t you look into this before signing on with a new broker?
60 by tuesday close.
I am glad that people here get their tendies, but i am honestly starting to get annoyed a bit from all the NIO-NIO-NIO comments. Wish best friendship would end with NIO already and we could get a new best friend.

Also, SPY > 345 by end of week.
All I read was NIO and call so yes.
what's wrong with BA puts?
[deleted]
Everyone knows girls to to venus to get more penis
Also wondering this
Stay in recovery puts and don’t buy weeklies, scale into a position. No way Restaurants stay this high
[deleted]
Should be good. Rememeber NIO was heading back up before days end on Friday.
Lmao I’m 31, it was a joke about myself

I guess stars can align
So is TSLA and AAPL going up tomorrow or what
But why did you make those decisions
Traitor but i don’t blame you. I would too if I was a bitch
where were you friday?
can markets open already TF
500 loss for options is nothing
spce closed after hours on friday at 22.70. It is not very unlikely that it'll gap up and open at 24-25 and keep rising over the course of the day and the rest of the week leading upto the test flight.
Tsla gonna moon
TFW I bought at 9 then sold CCs at 10.5

Whoever bought those, you’re welcome
I changed Brokerages to Vanguard from Robinhood. Now I'm reading that I need to apply for options. Anyone do this with Vanguard? How long will acceptance take? Will they charge a lot per contract? Is it better to go back to RH?
Look at this guy asking the big questions. Are they say we’re retarded in this sub
R I P

Lol who knows
I'm so screwed, have like 3k in boeing 170 puts, same amount on JETS 19 put, and like 1k on NIO call for 50, all Dec18 expiration, thoughts? should i dump the puts on boeing and JETS and throw it all on NIO call?
Typo. I think you meant 16th of November
alright show us your lambo collection
Sony good call for this week?
📈
I think it will go down
I’m a 30 year old child-man looking for my long lost rich dad. Where you at??????????
That Covid chart is more bullish than any of those index charts. 🐻🌈 This is going to be a repeat of the open on the 9th. High open, low, low close.
Gonna be fun to watch either way it rolls. Prolly way up then down... But COULD be way down then up! One thing for certain, it won't disappoint overall.
LOL, sounds about right!!!
Ah ok i also trade options since October but thankfully I doubled my portfolio I never bought options that expire so soon why would you do that, just to get more options for your money?  also why none of your options made you money so far half my options made me 200-300% and the other half are pretty much worthless now with few weeks to go
Could have been NIO or Elon or 🌈🐻
Nio will crash SPY tomorrow
Yeah umm my whole post was about explaining that even though they are not the same company the space travel hype will benefit SPCE. Idk why I have to reiterate that twice. Oh wait this is a thread full of retards
[Israel to legalize recreational cannabis use](https://en.globes.co.il/en/article-israel-to-legalize-recreational-cannabis-use-1001349450) From the verbiage of the article it’s just barely in the works, and could still be a long time from being done, but I hold leaps in pot stocks like ACB 1/21/22 $4c and another one that this could help in 6+ months or so
Does nio sell cars in the states? I dont see how nio is affected by this? (I'm also retarded so idk)
It was all inheritance but I just left 3k in my bank account.
They're very useful. Tx and Ca could both use a network but there's no way the public approves funding to build a large scale system right now and big airlines and oil are going to spend as much as they can. 

A san fran-la-sd line and a san antonio-houston-dallas would work but there aren't the votes there
The worse the red states get, the higher the market goes bc of stimmy right?
Yolo it you're losing tens of thousands of dollars, whats the pain in losing a little more
Woh, actually work inside a wendy's? I've been doing my work out by the wendy's dumpster. 

Gotta be safe. You know, covid and all.
Can anyone give me an award? It would be the highlight of my week!
yo wtf is good with politicians telling folks how many people they can have over ?
Grand about to get fucked by Theta irl
There are so many reasons to be bearish  


* Testing ATH
* Triple peak
* 185k+ infections a day
* Vaccine not available until April
* Lower earnings across the board despite ATH for every company  


And only one reason to be bullish

* Moderna vaccine hopes
Girls go to Mars to get more candy bars

Boyz go to Jupiter to get more stupider
lol good analogy. Here’s mine it’s a Wiley coyote market gravity doesn’t apply until you look down. When you do though it’s a straight fall.
Money leaving tech and TWLO at 350 was overvalued. Solid company though.
🆘🤔
WeBull
Appreciate the input, best of luck
[deleted]
Greener than SHREKS PREPUCE.  

NIO 60 eow.  Hope U got that sexy dip
Futures bright green cause I bought puts on Friday. You’re all welcome
Entry point is tomorrow
A little late after they reported earnings don't ya think?
Where's the other 3k?
[deleted]
I'm so massively retardedly bullish on this company but your post was the first dent in my confidence. And I can't even read. Thanks a lot.
buy spce calls for friday. it'll take u back to 27k.
This the same dude who called people junkies for doing dabs on the weekend thread. BAN
Can not confirm. 

Have big truck and big dick. 

NIO green AF.
God id nut I fucking wish man fuck
Will it rip
[deleted]
🎟
Lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
A real man finishes what he’s started
LOL NKLA

\- when your Pension funds guy reads a WSB dd then goes balls deep
Go to the casino if you want to gamble, better luck there
Crazy how we gave planets their names...Mars could literally be called "iwieijcici283847'+:7!# , or Tony.. or Gabriel." But we decide Mars...
Nio Puts? What’s Trump gonna do, put Tariffs on all the NIO cars that are imported into the United States?
Same way we could be confident in a stock that went from 1.44 to 54 within the span of 5 months on negative earnings.
Wtf is shromp
See what happens til tuesday close
naked calls
>Ain’t no one talking bout keeping alive once their super duper spaceship lands.

My thoughts exactly
UNUM allegedly refused to pay out on a disability policy of a coworker of mine, he cursed them incessantly

so i guess that’s profitable
I bought 18 83.5c 11/27 for this.
Me too! This would've been the best year financially for me.
I’d actually like trains. Trains are tight as fuck.
That's it, party's over you jaggoffs, I'm buying calls tomorrow!
OnlyHood
You have puts don't you? Haha
Let’s hope it goes up twenty bucks more
Theta gang 500k of it and then with the rest spend it on whores who will do lines off your cock.
Will Fisker shromp tomorrow or what?
fewer moving parts
Started with 30k.  Put 27k into RH and at $600 now.  Should I put the rest in or save a little dignity?
Too early to tell. Lately futures have inverse by open so I’m not getting my hopes up until open
It was off a Forex Twitter Account. I think @FXHedgers or something? They were quoting the real news source. I literally just forget what it is. You’re more than welcome to search it up lol
PLTR idiot NIO is done
prolly got a huge penez tho ngl
Lol nah this shit is crashing hard pre ER then mooning after. “Earnings run up” is played out.
[deleted]
ya pretty much.

I just try to make sure that they... don't light shit on fire or something...

beyond that idgaf.
New gpu series released on the 18th followed by their best gpu release yet on dec 4th could help.
No
can you stop bringing up SOLO and remind me I sold at +10% and then see it go up 50%. 

Thats SHARES not Calls!
Done
This is called a market / gambling
Startup idea: OnlyFans but for Robinhood traders.
Holding after earnings could bring massive tendies.
You haven’t learned anything yet.
Full of nitrogen
Hell yeah brother great bit
Air pockets, all the way up.  It's like standing in a Crocodile pit while wearing a suit of bacon on one stilt.  Terrifying IMO!
eua prolly 75 percent interim which won't be long boys
Former junkie can confirm don't do heroin
I just find it incredibly that the market is so out of balance right now, the fact it even pushed up as high as it did last week is unbelievable
Nio puts?
Do I hold Spotify weeklies throughout the whole week or sell in the morning
Before
SPCE will open at 25 tomorrow.
Shiiit Im gonna buy some more at open
Never
Hi daddy 🤤
"deadly virus" bahahah
I was thinking more of a “Hunter” or “Keith” to fit the truck description.
[deleted]
Thats always a relief when you get a big chunk out of the way and it sets you up to know what you need to study for the most come finals week, so i feel that. Get it done. Also yes up until end of 3rd year to 4th year its like slightly more strenuous high school. Fourth year is when you actually learn what you didn’t know before. Go get the bag and the grades and ill see you in Barbados.
😐
It was on its way down Friday.  Just keep an eye on it. Itll go up for a few days so take you time. Scout it out. Wait for it to trend up.
People also DONT buy MacBooks because they are not fast enough. This will open up many new customers. People also DONT buy MacBooks because they cost too much for the performance they get, yet again, more customers. With knocking out INTC in the supply chain and engineering stack, Apple will yield higher ROI.   


I'm stoked.
Jk I only do blow
Wtf you mean lol
Lmao....Splunk and pltr are no closer than assholes and elbows
This man has it right
Don't buy this in your RH.  Buy it in your schwab or fidelity or w/e broker you use for long term investing and dont look at it. Will be 10 bagger but only if you can hold through the volatility
[deleted]
I am genuinely confused as to whether I lam osing my account Monday or am I gonna be rich
Stfu pussy
...
Lmaooo I'm jk
This is a lot of words so I will assume you are right
Uh stimulus talks going well. Trade talks going well. Election process going well...
 When is everyone leaving NIO? Before earnings or after earnings?
Fuck him he can’t stop NIO
[deleted]
HGEN baby! Better than any covid therapeutic available at 50 percent interim in phase 3 trials.. efficiency of around 85 percent, the next front line covid therapy with a fucking market cap of 480 million.. Interim results from phase 3 released the 6th, barda, crada and dod operation warp speed jumped on board after that, they had to get in on that action, lol!!!
!RemindMe 2 days
Citron reports are the best bullish indicator
Why is Jack Ma's head so big for that lil body?
In the context of what I’m talking about is purchasing contracts that expire within a week. I think that’s what most people mean by “weeklies”. As far as I know it doesn’t necessarily have to be a spread
Flat/ down
NIO later this week
Good luck. I think you'll be fine. If everybody thinks it's going to be red, that's a good indication it's going to be green.
It'll be the biggest investment in yourself you'll ever make.  Good luck, and congrats on the cash infusion buddy, your life has changed for the better, make it last  :-)
Soon as you complete that decades long research on long term effects of zero g on the body. 

All this hype on space vehicles and no breakthroughs on how folks plan on not dying few months in on the bloody moon. 

Musk bezo all hype on getting out there. Ain’t no one talking bout keeping alive once their super duper spaceship lands.

Iss astronauts have to spend time reacclimating to earth cause their muscles atrophied. Now here’s you few months in on the moon.
https://www.barrons.com/articles/logistics-play-coming-to-zero-gravity-think-of-it-as-fedex-of-space-51605198498
Nothing major, l generally don’t hold anything longer than a day and when I do it’s longer term. So rarely hold anything in the shirt to midterm. 

I’ll have to play with it a bit. Thanks!
Thought jack ma was some rapper thot. 

Dude looks like that Snapchat filter that makes your face small
No more dips
Adopt an orphan.
It’ll be profitable.  Just don’t hold until expiration tho.
Sell deep ITM covered calls. By put-call parity it's the same type of bet, but you're less likely to wipe your account.
Lmao where the fuck are you saving
Hey boys lets get some action over at r/Nio .. MOON TOMORROW HOPEFULLY MARS MAYBE PLUTO
Need SLV to moon like never before. Come on.
Is it me?! 💅 🕺
Lol not a chance. That would cost hundreds of billions or more and no one would even use it.
That’s one small step for stonks, one giant leap for autists
Now you got me curious. Can't imagine the premium on those. Brb.
You sell, I’ll buy, it’s win win
Don't tell him
Forget stocks. [The real money is in breeding pigeons](https://apnews.com/article/international-news-western-europe-belgium-europe-birds-9ae40c9f2e9e11699c42694250e012f7)
Somebody tell Trump that fulfilling your promises after you lose because you fulfilled none of your promises doesn't undo the election.

Although, it does set him up for 2024...
Imagine having a BRK A FD print 😌🥜
strike and date?
this sub is filled with children
[removed]
Rip
Friday puts... As in profit from calls until Thursday, then profit from puts.
Buy shares of EPD and MO, and collect 10% dividend yield indefinitely.  Fuck that, just YOLO it and turn it into $6 mil.
OH yeah! my 25p Feb 21 depend on it. Earlier I am ITM the better.
Where did you get this?
yep, closing out this week
No you're dead
yup.

saw it from the beach in Miami.

feelsgoodman
So does NIO rebound off the citron report like ENPH did after hindenburg?
It would increase the number of vaccines able to be distributed. If theirs is bad they just dump all the doses they already manufactured
Hey man, I hope you’re just trolling. You don’t want to ruin your life like that.
Soooo I should keep my $65 1/15/21 call?
Intel? Lol
Ramen
Dick's small enough for the belly button?

SFYL.
No way man,,this is at least 50+ years away for any significant migration, the first thing you need to think of is food + oxygen.
NIO 60c 11/20 bought at 3.85  
Ready to get rammed up the ass
[deleted]
NIO and XPEV are due for a correction, AKA nice big sell off tomorrow morning, don’t fall victim to fomo, there will be upcoming dips and entry points.
I’m still new to trading what you mean by weeklies is credit spread right
You must be fun to be around 

🤡👈
Very gay post
I love the post!  All points are very valid.  

Ladies and gentlemen.

If you do your research you will understand Virgin Galactic is the real deal.  And when Tom Hanks is uploading his pics on Instagram in the spring you will wish you jumped on this bandwagon.  

But beyond that the company has plans to go global with a entire fleet of spaceships that are currently in development.  Scaling the business will be critical and the company is working towards that as well.
Finviz
🤡
Boys just a heads up, gtfo out of NIO or short it after this week. We moon because of ER but this rocket ship is gonna crash after ER week
Everyone here is a NIO thot
Yeah it's true, we're all chads 😎
Alright fucker...  For that, I'm buying calls tomorrow, hope you're hedged!   XD
It’s hard to tell since his OL is trash, but I still feel bad for him
Is wsb psyching itself up? How can you be confident in a stock that went from 54$ to 41$ in a few hours because of 1 article.
yeah that one is good. i love the "tonight dough" even tho it has jimmy fallons dumb face on it
[deleted]
Not even gravity can contain NIO!
buy NIO for the hooker tomorrow night, buy PLTR for your future dynastic family wealth
What level are you selling them at? You almost shit your pants Friday? 😂
Ugly man but incredibly wealthy
600k is poverty line right?
Fuck off. You can't boil down price to 1 variable.
Stick to jacking off to your ma
Oh yeah. I’m not saying when, but when it does this baby is avalanching down.
I am so fucking high off of heroine I love the shit sososososososos much Jesus H Christ stick it in me. AIDS
:(why?
Put all of it into SOLO and PLTR
Post again Cumstain.
Google news have categories my dude.
[Science](https://news.google.com/topics/CAAqJggKIiBDQkFTRWdvSUwyMHZNRFp0Y1RjU0FtVnVHZ0pWVXlnQVAB?hl=en-US&gl=US&ceid=US%3Aen)
Seeing a pic of Jack Ma makes me think 

“Okay now it’s big brain time.”
Bro are you...
ohhhhhhhh dollar gapped down to its weekly support. 

going up a good chunk now and if history tells us anything if it begins to rally that isnt going to be good for equities
I'm thinking this tbh. Gonna watch some theta gang youtube
Damn bro are you me? Im 26 and also work union, lost 40k usd in october. Sucks but luckily union work pays well, made that in 4 months of working almost every weekend. Maybe stocks isn’t for us brother, my next investment will be less risk. Thinking of getting into real estate buying properties and rehabbing them myself. Then either rent or sell, good luck bro
Futures has been PPT bullshit since March, bro.

Don't expect the elevator down to happen.

SOURCE: $40k of IWM puts.
Shut fuck up. BRK.A doesn’t even have options trading available your retard
Bags 10/10s on daily despite it and you know it.
> I picked up 16x 250p 3/20 for $2.58 

Hi, I'm very new to options and still learning. Does this mean that you bought 16 put options that were worth $2.58 each that expired on 3/20, with strike of 250?
Biden want to initiate high speed train network? Puts on airlines and oil
dumbass
Extended edition or ban
sell 2 $2950 AMZN put weeklies and you're good to go
How’d you fuck up theta gang. Literally just do the wheel on SPY and you never lose
never thought id be agreeing with an insane fascist after he lost an election
Yes but only because my 100% gains still don't offset my -60% all time. I swear to JPOW that if i get even again I'll never risk more than 25% on options at a time 🙏
futures are open? Sorry for dumb question
Who cares what he looks like?  His bank statement is fucking gorgeous.
What riff he do
only the lousy blue states it seems. they tricked everyone into believing that if you dont shut down and make people suffer, then you just dont care enough
Chill fam
I kinda feel like the NIO bulls proclaiming it’s gonna be bigly green this week are kinda like dudes with huge trucks with monster truck tires who claim to have big dicks. We all know the truth.
[deleted]
How can you tell how much of a move an option is pricing in? Like if IV is 40% vs 200%, just how much of a difference is that? I know 200% is a lot but I don't know how to quantify that exactly.
Whats the hype about SRAC?
We all know what green futures mean
$600k?  Shit man research Theta Gang and just live off the premiums you'll be collecting.
i dont understand. how have u not seen a picture of jack ma until now ?
almost as fun as blasting your moms air pocket
Yeah your ass hurts
Found the guy with the $50 account
My moves tomorrow?

Try not to cry.

Cry.
I thought you were joking for a second lol. Half baked my personal fave
King
I bet you’d lick the back side of his ballsack
I can’t wait to see all the people doubting this chase it in a week and cry and call it a scam meme stock even more when they buy the top.
Yas
[deleted]
Amazing to pick the wrong side EVERY time. Well done autist 👍
[removed]
Yeah I guess it is best to wait then.
Guard your grill, tuck your chains in your shirt.
Put call ratio on QQQ was 2.2 friday
Doesn’t sound bullish to me
Half in TRIL and half in OCUL
well, looks like futures is back to the same gap up bullshit, this will be fun on the way back down, blasting all those air pockets on the way down like an elevator in free fall...
Nigga wants election night type action
Best part is it’s going to open close to 265 or 250 . Just which one is it lol. 356c 11/16
Girls in French maid uniforms
I have 100 shares of BRK.A looking to sell covered calls on them. Anyone else doing this, what's a good strike
broke: Greenspan put

woke: Powell call
I might save a little for playing around with on here. This place is fun
GM is the best of both worlds 😉
but if you already sold the options the gains are already secured. having the money in or our of robinhood has no tax implications, just owning the securities
See you on the street.  Dumpsters are a source of warmth.
Ah yes, the days when you could make easy money buying puts on NCLH and ALK and then throw your phone through your glass window when Robinhood would crash and then gainz would turn into losses, autism at its finest
SPY shares, sell way otm puts to delusional bears
[deleted]
God that’s sexy as fuvk.
crazy to not sell puts
I thought you were joking... Then I checked cnn 🤦
[deleted]
I think as long as xi keeps mum baba is down or sideways
Should’ve know record Covid cases and states shutting down was bullish.
No predicting it but I bet it will be a fun watch.
Honestly, the web version is the most user friendly if you’re not looking for major ta. There definitely is a learning curve with TOS though
Plaid Model S making me question my love for the combustion engine
This is my thought.
2c? Damn what was the premium on that
UVXY calls
Ticker?
Baba news anybody?
I’m expecting a slow grind higher
what's the big deal about moderna vaccine if we already have one that works? is moderna's supposed to get produced and distributed faster?
upies

&#x200B;

if theres anything i learned from this subreddit

is that if this crowd demands a stonk to go up b4 an ER

&#x200B;

its gonna happen

after ER ehhh not so much
2030
PLTR!
The only acronym I know is DCA. Gonna look up the rest
does your call expire tomorrow or what 🤣🤣
I can’t wait to see what your chart will look like tomorrow [Asia pacific trade bloc](https://www.ft.com/content/2dff91bd-ceeb-4567-9f9f-c50b7876adce)
I’m liking wday calls. Godspeed brother
I think I have to go check it out and get back to you
When I first saw this I got super stressed because I thought it was future projections for tomorrow (Nov 16th). 
But alas markets are probably big green tomorrow because of record covid cases.
[deleted]
381 bob
All in fitbit
Tf
Certainly, weeklies or briefer periods are evaluated on a time span that can ignore basic capital excess supply situation. That's why you hear the good advice to buy monthlies on every and all dips. 

You may have seen that rules post earlier today. The guy said 80% or more in cash when playing options, because the upside is always in buying the bottom of dips, which in volatile markets are fairly predictable for rebound, again due to money supply.
It’s red now
PLTR all day errday
I'm planning on getting SOLO rich
Account balances are all relative. Let people be excited. If someone loser wants to lose his last 10 in the market, cool. If some rich loser wants to lose his last 250k, cool. We're all just losers trying to make some cash with zero fucking skill.
Is it set in stone to announce news for tomorrow?
I love how thisbis flaired as DD
Just don’t hit shift enter too many times
Solid did. I’m in
Go to the investing sub
This was the day I started my first day of work as a stock trader/option trader for a brokerage firm..... was chaotic
Oof, Citron must be so sour...
Not even in top 5 tech CEOs of his generation. *Maybe* top 10
Cry blood
Nice work. Start DCA into ARI, ACRE, and  AGNC
wait how do you know they are dropping the news at  9:35. Link?
[deleted]
the IV is high so is the premium but it also means it could drop like 20%. So yea sell them if you're ok holding shares that fell 20%

&#x200B;

and maybe you are and want to hold long term but that premium ain't free
Where are the moderna rumors coming from
Just wait a week why don’t you?
no it won't stop being so gay

&#x200B;

it'll hit 69.69 by tuesday
Idiot
Fuck theta gang! All my homies hate theta gang.
Maintain low expenses and keep making it go up
Just watched it out my window. My cock is huge
hash/stardog mixed joint and i'm off to bed, good night!
Right? Make BaBa great again you troll looking MF
They did in my school for the seniors. My last year in high school was 2008/09. They gave us some fake stock money in September to learn how the market works. Didn't take long to lose all our money on the 29th lol.
Your wrong
Thetagang
Put it up your butt
Sick dude, but yeah I’d rather listen to Citron with a proven track record and a lot of resources deployed into their research and analytics instead of your shitty word document with ... 4 bullet points.
Didn’t know NIO was hiring in the US
[deleted]
Yeah that’s why I’m saying short and everyone’s blowing a gasket when it’s a reasonable bet compared to their beloved Nio.
rkt 2C 11/20, how long do i hold LOL
You son of a Bitch, I’m in
The expansion point is def a real concern.   


Also a ton of the most driven people were just waiting to go public, be able to sell their shares, bail, and do their own thing. i.e. talent will leave  


Ergo, PLTR could still print money as a tech company, but the talent won't be as much of the reason going forward.
I just need my 354 puts to break even at least by Wednesday close 😂
Buy PLTR or buy NIO shares
Do yourself a favor and GET THE FUCK OUT OF THIS SUBREDDIT
fetal
I agree, but I’m willing to risk about $100 for the possible ER run up, but that’s the most I’ll lose if, even if ER sucks fuck and they tank. I mean, they could tank off of great ER, too, so either way.
My 18c/22c appreciate your enthusiasm!
Very interesting definetly worth a watch
[deleted]
#🚀
This youtuber is such as huge scumbag. He should be reported for fake news.

&#x200B;

At 1:00, he has a photoshop-ed news screenshot saying NIO recalls vehicles.

The actual news article is in fact GM recalling vehicles.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii\_JTuZ4GJI&t=60s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii_JTuZ4GJI&t=60s)

[https://www.theverge.com/2020/11/13/21564217/gm-chevy-bolt-recall-battery-fire-lg-chem](https://www.theverge.com/2020/11/13/21564217/gm-chevy-bolt-recall-battery-fire-lg-chem)

&#x200B;

Many other screenshots in the video are also photoshop-ed fake news.
Tbh, 290 at least
It better fucking not lol!
[removed]
Loser
No. $3k deduction limit only applies for deductions against ordinary income.
Fuck u.
Loose rhymes with Noose. Long $ROPE
2% OTM would have been called away like 30 times this year
Bears always expect it and bulls never do
Ok I got 600k. How do I live off this?
[deleted]
Hmmm
I picked it up a few earnings ago around $75. Just dropped it at $96 after the big move.
What is that orange man bad covid thing lol
Thats the plane! Making all the NIO bagholders fall
https://www.wsj.com/articles/pnc-is-in-advanced-talks-to-buy-u-s-arm-of-spains-bbva-11605483824
RONA Vs BOJO Round 2. I don’t think the UK prime minister will make it through it this time around.
JPOW moment
 🦘
People are afraid to leave their basements, you think we’re leaving earth soon?
You take the red pill?
Now you're following along.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’ve mAde decent money playing sbux in their 87-92 range the last month or so... I really want to hold long term but they have to be overpriced right now
Ok boomhower
jack ma arrest imminent
I don’t think I’ve ever had a bad day lol
Can someone DM me when futures turn red so I don't need to check constantly. Thx
wtf do you expect it to do?  is this your first day watching futures?
Narrator: "Resistance was the name of his creppy uncle"
They always push back the timeline. Been happening for decades now. It's all a money grab.
Man if mrna pulls off some vaccine based tech dump imma be so bloody pissed
Officially joining theta gang. Welcome me
I have amd and I think this is a bad play. Good luck to you.
[deleted]
Fuck Amerikkka!! Fuck the White Supremacy!!
Doggy
Doggy.
Like no stock you have ever seen.
I told you tards to load up on shares COTY @ $3 and REV @ $4 but nobody listened and told me makeup was gay 

🤡🤡🤡
NIO thoughts tomorrow?
Nah they like dick
i will faint if it goes past 20 tomorrow
And what’s even wilder is we might see both in the next few months.
This is the way
Nah Elon is going to find that alien pussy eventually then we're golden.
Free Jobs for us? 

https://youtu.be/YnAUy4BM0w8
You having a stroke my guy?
Wtf is this service thing? Is it code for weird sex position?
Moderna releases vaccine news at 935 allowing us to get out of our tech positions and watching spy limit up
Thread with 100+ comments? Meme ticker? Great earnings? Consensus of sub is can’t go tits up? 

Ah yes, weekly puts it is.
Futures been flat af for the past hour, but I’d rather take this than no futures at all
Pltr go up, that’s what they do
You really are stupid. Im not a white supremacist because I am disgusted with china. The 2 arent mutually inclusive, dumbass. Youre not very good at reading people. 😂🤦‍♂️ You obviously have a crazy obsession/inferiority complex about white people. I am a proud anti-chinaist. Fuck china!
What is the one that I used for a week and the last time that we got a good idea for a new job and we are going to get the mail from the mail and then you have to go check on the other side of the house and then we can get the gas cap back on the top of the pipe and I’ll let you know if that works out for you
They go up
I'm not finding the article anywhere online. Especially not on the site for whom the author writes regularly https://www.theverge.com/authors/andrew-j-hawkins/archives
Thing is there has being practically no earnings run up on any ticker this earnings season. Big tech tickers were flat into their earnings. Tgt, hd, Lowe’s the usual trifecta hasn’t moved much past week into earnings. 

So without the earnings run ups the only bet is whether the market likes the report or not regardless of good or bad. Cause apparently good is also bad. Ugh.
This is wild, some people are saying SPY 370 some are saying SPY 330 😂
God damn I hate the news. I go on google news and you literally have to scroll for 5 minutes until you get to the Science section to see any mention of the Space X/NASA launch. We're too obsessed with shitty politics.
Fucked out my betting positions 😥
Thanks for the write up, I may give it a shot. How do you expect price movement to go on the way to 30s? Sudden moves or small increments over time?
You’re only getting fucked if you’re carrying a wash sale position into the next year. Or if you trade back into a wash sale within 30 days of the new year.
😂😂😂
[deleted]
vaccine news means limited upside for tech though
I’d put money on it
Is there any argument for NIO dropping at/after earnings? I bet the puts are so damn cheap, I'm tempted to try them out.
You didn’t hear?
🌈🐻never learn
I want to move to Texas for the tacos
Zillow
PLTR wrote half of the Harry Potter Series.
I believe
Just read about it now. Not a good look for ARK and Cathie Wood. They just got fleeced.
In premarket
COTY got that retard strength
Shares @ $17 🤫🤫
I wasn’t shorting spy the entire time that was only when I shot up and ranked within a week. After that I was just messing around with weeklies and got burnt on pretty much all of them. I made some good money on Tesla back in August but held too long and got burnt again. Weeklies killed me though.
Oh I bet. Are you in at a decent cost average? Cause yeah, if you were in at $20 and sold a $50c you’d come out with 60% plus like $600-$700 in premium, then some one would of probably exercised you and made a lot. Then bought right back in when it dropped $10 haha
Boeing manages the Space Station and they are producing the capsules and have designs for the propulsion system. You act like going to space is some easy occurrence, it’s a big deal and the more successful launches, the more profitable the company. ie, higher stonks
[removed]
lol
In history as one of the greenest weeks of all time.
yes
Nice, rock on. for me it's financial case studies that have made me live like an "addict" looking fuq and stressing out but hopefully all over Wednesday once 25% more of grade is in. Funny how you actually start learning shit in college i n the final year, such a "game" and scam.
Personally I just think it was people taking profits cause we saw an 8% gain on that week alone. And if you’re into technicals, it’s old resistance was used as support (350). So can the market get a bit extended at times? Sure, but I won’t be surprised if we continue to push higher from here.

The only thing I don’t like is all the gaps below us. They tend to get filled. Don’t have to, but they could. But vix falling is keeping me bullish. I will keep an eye on that.
You're certified retarded.. Everyone doesn't know what they do...
Futures green PLTR to 25 tomorrow confirmed
moving half my stuff to tdameritrade. Time to be a big boy and lose money faster
[removed]
[deleted]
sharks with friggin laser beams
just sent a 10gb doc to the crude printer, its going to be printing all night
remindMe! 1 month
This asshole just claimed that they recalled nearly 5000 es6 vehicles over battery fire risks, and in the video the article was dated nov 2020. Go look up the actual source he put in his video description: it was written nearly a year and a half ago and was for es8's not es6's. This guy literally edited the title and date of a news article just to push his point. FUCK this guy.
Stay positive dude. I know it says worry after 4 hrs but sometimes it does take a little longer
So we getting some Moderna vaccine pump news tomorrow morning? SPY 370 incoming???
That was kind of scary
Positions?
we will be rich brother
This guy gets it. SELL BEFORE EARNINGS AND BUY AGAIN 2 DAYS LATER 🙃
Only when VIX is lowest can the inverse delta hedging effect caused by flash put buying be strongest.

The move does need to be quick though.

I guess what I'm saying is if I buy the puts with enough time on them, and I can bank on a VIX spike, I will be able to get out of them at a profit as long as I see a 5% pullback, which seems fairly likely with the move the market has made in the last week.
Only one here who justs wants enough money to pay off my debts and buy a condo and maybe a trip abroad after covid? Or are those rookie dreams?
Aapls red like everyday give them a break
Not for Ma or else he wouldn't have flipped thicc Xi off
Correct, but you could still be in a position to where you can't claim it for that calendar year.

So even if you're negative, you'll still owe taxes for the year if the wash sale rule applies. It was a very unexpected surprise for me one year when I thought I could deduct 3K that year for my losses, but I ended up having to pay taxes on a 5 figure 'gain'
Baba 285c 1/21 gonna print?  Or more room to fall?
Ohhh that’s Tuesday right
Nice firm ass all day.
Ideally I’m looking for something more comprehensive and industry-respected vs a tldr video— something like 50-100 hours?
I’m down 10k since Thursday
Go work at Wendys
If I buy more I'll have more, I like it!
>Without any backing from the U.S.

What about tax credits we gave him?
Seems mostly dudes headed up there so far so we'd need to make a change in that respect
Pinterest is about to explode (again)
Right fucking today
Either I’m going to be rich from SOLO tomorrow or cut myself
This will go down
There are a million articles on PLTR. I'm getting more shares on the next dip.
I’d be pissed AF. Nkla idiots just double up nio fucks
Looks like I'm fuqd!
SPCE positions??
[deleted]
$ALF looking good
Is spy going to hit 370 tomorrow or on Tuesday? 🤦‍♂️
Loss for 🐜
Spce is rocketing tomorrow
To be on this sub you need to be intelligent enough to know the market exists, know about options trading, and have an interest in some level of quantitative analysis and qualitative analysis. You also have to be foolish or brave enough to take major risks. This sub is basically intelligent gambling, it's not a pure chance because it's the market, it's pure chance because no matter how much DD you do, you will never understand the absurdity of the market.
Big floppy tits.  Sara Stone style.
Conf call
Apologies SPCE is definitely spacex (not investment advice)
Head on over to r/antstreetbets
Just looked up this nio to see what the hype is all about. Looks like shit.
Not likely, as they take Epstein airlines to pedo island
Um. How far back in my post history did you have to go to figure out i was 31? Or was that a really wild guess
What is cc
tad aggressive, i expect it next monday
Fuck, I thought if it was wet that meant it was hard.
How
So of course I'm going to buy calls on boomers dying.
PETITION TO REMOVE PINNING FROM ALL DD THAT’S BASED ON CRAYON DRAWINGS!
RemindMe! December 18, 2020 “retarded yolo”
I wish APPL is red tomorrow.
I'm guessing everything anyone says will result in you saying it just proves your point.
I hope he uses it to kiss Xi’s ring
Blow off happens when everyone doesn’t expect it 
People are bullish meaning correction soon...
Because retards here think any successful space x flight causes Tesla to go up. They obviously haven’t been following Tesla long enough, there’s very little correlation between the two. I’ve got 500 shares of Tesla, bought in a few years ago, I pay attention to the spacex stuff and am bullish on SPCE, but spacex has very little impact on Tesla.
Also buy IVR please
Strangely specific
Don’t cry that you missed pltr.
Friday traded from 54 to 40+. Probably will go sideways.  Unsure what the earning will do.
Nigga What
May be down 25K
0dte spy puts
When do we plan on building life in outer space?
$78 12/04
[deleted]
Yes but morons like OP will make me rich so stop pointing that out Debbie downer
Lol yeah eventually as in next year.
Position?
Duck my 14.5c is expiring next week
Even Vatican was corrupted by autism and yoloing Hertz. Lol
Eh I’m not worried about that because I expect the markets to go up. I think january will present a better buying opportunity on puts. Buy when others are panicking and sell when others are confident.
Read
Get this bullshit out of my face lmfao
AMC
NIO and XPEV to the moon. The news is good
My god your username 🤣
ccp isn’t gonna let one little andrew left stop their baby nio from going to the moon
Back when I played 360 I really liked the offset joysticks more. The dual sense can really make a game more enjoyable if done right. Time will tell if most publishers bother using it though.
eat shit, seacuks fans
775 @ $26.27 here
Winning my fantasy game for me
everyone, its gonna be flat the entire week (to fuck over bulls and bears) until the last 10 seconds of friday where the market has a flash crash (to fuck over theta gang)
Puts/VXX calls?
I don't know what to buy next. Holding U, CRSR and AMD... don't want nio or pltr. Suggestions? I'm open to pltr I just don't know wtf they do
PLTR, FSR, SPCE, COTY, PSTH - let’s get that 🍞
This is the most exciting they’ve been since the 90’s
You know I did lol
Just added options last week I’ve already loaded up. Get in quick!
Hope you like the taste of musty ass trucker dick.
SPY to 380 EOW
Kyler murray 🚀🚀🚀
Fuuuuck yes.

For anyone else looking, they’re all on hbo max
I would cry, yes
I’m in Texas or as I like to think of it Northern Mexico. We got taco trucks every few blocks.
ah to be 31
I do buy shares lol have plenty more than $5 in gains. heavy post covid recovery stocks
he is suburb of instanbul. 6 men make decision for entire village. they sat-uplink to interweb center server for infoz
Yeah. Unquestionable truth. But watch out for German and Japan auto giant. They aren't stuck in the past as US auto
Every time space x launches successfully, there has been a + correlation with tsla, without fail, EVERY TIME
Nah I've worked in tech. Lots of brilliant folks doing the ground work who you'll never hear about. The face of the magic is usually dumb AF in comparison. You need some seriously focused introverted basement dwellers to pull this off
Rumor has it jack ma likes TikTok thots so much that he’s considering buying TikTok
I think I saw something like 20K or more.
Who is Buffett?
Need a solid trade tomorrow. Ticker, Strike and date ?
I am gonna be so fucked at open tomorrow.
Ass
go look it up. she made a deal a few years ago that allowed another company to buy majority ownership. they exercised their right to do it.
Smart move, always cash out while your ahead
$1500 a year in savings
[deleted]
put more batteries there.
Everyone
Phat ass. 

Even tho I’m an ass man I fucking love the smell of sweat mixed with deodorant on them big titty bitches tho
Wtf? Can u send a link where it says. Everywhere I've read says otherwise
Lmao wsb loaded with puts on Friday
If they are still around in 5 years. It looks like the only way they are staying alive is by dilution which is not good for you.
Either I'm rich tomorrow or yall will see me on the street
Imagine thinking there isn’t already a laser on the moon
[deleted]
Red by open bois
Unless we are scalping quick trades instead of long term investing, right? Could be more turnover of trading funds and less indexed buy and hold
Again $24p UUP 1/21/22 is free money
I don’t wanna jinx it but imagine NIO opening blood red.. this sub would cry
Yeah but are they adding cat girls?
[deleted]
Fuck guys might be down like $500 tomorrow can someone make me feel better jaja come on bears
[deleted]
Lol they launch weekly practically
Virgin Galactic's space ship it isn't a space ship. It's an airplane with a rocket. 

As safe as any commercial jet? Safer? You're being idiotic. Sure the jet itself should be comparable. Not SAFER though. Add a rocket and total vacuum and it gets much less safe.
PLTR $18 tomorrow
MRNA 11/20 Calls
Pussy
Is it a bad idea to invest in insurance if we think there's going to be a lot more black swan events like prolonged Covid, another pandemic, civil unrest, and property damage caused by global warming?

I assume these things will cost a ton for insurance companies.
I agree. The closest there is to being dumb is not knowing anything about the market at all.
Mind to explain how you lost it ?
I clicked that sub link. I could use a day of ropes ngl 🤣
what's spy going to tomorrow?
Not even gravity can contain humanity 🚀
Utah county
It's amazing that we can participate in the biggest money making instrument in history, buy and sell shares instantly based on live global information from a small  gadget in our hands.
[deleted]
Theta gang r fuk
Everybody but theta gang.
Just wait til you scream yolo at the screen as you click buy on a tsla or amzn call. And watch it sit there doing jack. You haven’t lived.

And then find out earnings is actually the week after you expire. S’great.
you could buy shares and wait a few years to see your $5 gains if you want
MMDEF is a better shroom stock imo but i have positions in both
Thanks, book marketing it
They just canceled all flights to London for rest of the year. These are all fucked bud get out now
Bulls
About tree fitty
Buffett was once asked:

“What you do, when you break it down, is so easy. Why doesn’t everyone just do what you do?”

Buffets answer was: No one wants to get rich slowly.
Once people realize Citron shouldn’t be making such an impact on the market NIO will go back up to where it should be
lmao the ticker 'pump' [is on the trending list](https://www.swaggystocks.com/dashboard/wallstreetbets/ticker-sentiment) must be a glitch from everyone pumping nio
No! My apothecary said the sea air would cure the ill humors causing my consumption!
Bears mon-wed
Bulls wed-fri
How’s a DD an announcement for this sub? How did you do that? I don’t see you on the mod list. 


I jumped on CRSR last month when a guy “felt strongly” about this stock. Up 100%
Yes
Lol. The options market is pricing in 23% gain for NIO tomorrow?
Trying the "Netflix and Chilled" tonight. It's solid, not my favorite but solid. It's got peanut butter swirl ice cream with pretzels and fudge
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wait till your wedding night when they pull out a 12 inch dong.
What an incredible sight, jealous buddy
Im getting close to passing that PDT barrier and its killing me. But i have a biochem homework assignment due Wednesday so all nighter will be occurring at the start of this week. I cant part from stocks when I’ve been so green lately.
[deleted]
ppl dont buy mac books because they are the fastest laptops out there. they were already fast enough.
What website/program do you use to get this visual representation?
Facts 😂
Church girls are the loosest around. Just gotta persuaade them a little
[removed]
Think its going up?
NIO 🚀🚀🚀
Stagnant economy time
Hey I thought gay bears liked getting fuck
Broncos gonna disappoint forever
I want cathie wood to strangle me and to have me going into work the next day with a black eye.
Their options just opened up. Has been maybe 1 or 2 weeks.
Who is fuk this week?
Boeing stocks to the moon cause of the SpaceX launch
Wait what happened
Yes. We have autism, roblox is fun. Long $ROBLOX
Lmao pokimane is a mod here? How did I miss that
Japan adding more stimulus, means the US will add more stimulus eventually.
In South Texas where I live burritos are something you keep in the back of your freezer. We're all about tacos.
Rhymes with NIO 🤷‍♂️
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Hmmm.. fake news? NIO people? Let’s hear it

**URL:** https://redd.it/juwygg
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juwygg) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/justgrego, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
e1vjs
btoned
Daurs
justgrego
thatawkwerdthrowaway
prove him wrong and hook up with a cancer patient.  Kemo is great birth control.
Lol, what are you talking about?  Capital gains on selling stocks is taxed like regular income.

Bro, you might be in IRD dohg box here.   Go, see an accountant.  You about to get Cindy rekt.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Do any billionaires like huge tits
Bullish
The Citron dip got bought pretty fast tbh
Damn, now I might have to rewatch it for the 38th time since you mention it
Either way we are going to gap up and make very good money 🙏🙏🙏
Pancheros is better. Buying calls right now
I think you’re confusing him for Mango
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Why BABA will go up with Biden

**URL:** https://redd.it/juwexl
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juwexl) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Puzzleheaded_Bank477, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Puzzleheaded_Bank477
Telandra
quiveringmass
[deleted]
No
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Literally will be green, don't fight it
Fat chance anyone will bet their life on the security and reliability of a Chinese vehicle.
50 billion love
Baller status achieved.
Links plz?
They taking COVID to space yall!
Congrats and fuck you I should have kept buying back then
You fools think you can just abandon tesla whenever you want and spit on it, just to come back expecting open arms and warm tendies?
VJ?
God damit I can’t believe I sold my shares already. I had 100 at $10.
THIS IS THE WAY
Texans are like the PennyStocks of nfl.
Positions?
18 by fucking lunch
depends what city you’re in i guess

san diego has the best burritos of any city i’ve been to
SPCE is doing a flight this week with a revenue generating payload from NASA. Only public space flight company
Why tf did I ever think Drew Lock would be a solid play
I hear there are tons in Utah
$998 money line 7 game parlay fucked just like that. Such a gloom.
I was just out in my front yard here in NC, and I could see the ship going up, right up until main engine cut-off. I was just staring at it thinking 'that bad boy was in Florida about 1 minute and 30 seconds ago, and I'm watching it go past the coast of NC'. That was Bad Ass. Never gets old.
Never eaten at Chipotle. It seems like every time I think about trying it their shops get shut down because of some food-borne illness giving everyone the squirts.
So youre saying its smart to never retire because youre trying to retire tomorrow instead of taking the REAL shortcut which is just investing like an intelligent person? Nice
I don’t get it you were shorting spy ? why didn’t you stop when the market bounced back, you can’t just do one strategy forever right or am I missing something
Bought 10 contracts of disney 10 min before market close at .07 a contract. 1 hour later they announced parks reopening. Woke up and they were worth $3 each. Complete luck.
Wait I thought I was on r/okbuddyretard
Stop pumping this shit, im trying to get in before it is completely discovered
😊
i thought it was a scooter in a box
Bout to watch Lord of the Rings 

Hobbit gang
so Cathie Wood lost ownership of her own company due to a shitty deal she made a few years ago? Yikes.
Yep. My friend is a chemist that’s worked there for 4 years. Good company to work for and they actively in his department make food and toys better all the time. It’s not a pet smart or petco killer for now but later who knows.
they spent a shitload of money expanding EVERYWHERE. what could go wrong? ppl like gyms. then covid. they have all these gyms they built on debt that dont make money. no money = no earnings.
The tech stocks have been showing That trend even based on good news. Institutions do that so they sell early and then buy cheap again at the end of the day. . Xpev & li actually went up massively after their impressive reports... Will nio do the same is the answer we all would like to know
Strike
where ar u seeing this? hong kong market or wat?
New rule Every new DD post gets pinned
Any of y’all know how much discount you get for NIO if you opt for BaaS (and not buy the battery).
Boris Johnson is known to be announcing his conversion of all of the UK from gas this week. Stop being a retard and Google the news to find that it’s reported in hundreds of news outlets

It’s literally his biggest policy proposal that he has been planning for months lol
Church, but expect zero pussy until you tie the knot. That’s the risk u must be willing to take.
15.1
What you said proves my point .  Commercial airlines run thousands of flights a day without accidents.  

Virgin Galactics spaceship is the only one, I repeat the only spaceship that flies horizontally with wings.  It’s not a rocket that goes up vertically.  There have been numerous studies to show how safe it is and how serious the company takes it.  The risks in a horizontal take off system is less than a rocket taking off vertically .

Your misguided on how risky it is.  While I certainly will not say it is risk free it is as safe as a any commercial jet leaving a airport if not safer and there are numerous studies to prove that.
Crystal ball says...open high then down to friday high then past hod and then down big...another day of r/ropes
Fortunately I made several inverse bets SDOW, SPXS during the last 2 weeks and they paid off. I am perma bull but also smart enough to make bear hedges when its obvious. I have discipline so i exited those trades at a profit and reversed back into calls and leaps
So are we all going to r/Nio tomorrow to go wild?

We will most likely all get banned
What flavor
Nah bro go to a taco truck.
spy:355
pltr:17
If you put whipped cream on top, it’s a sundae
Tbf he's probably not that bright but he knows how to corral and motivate bright people
Who's watching 09618 HKG all night with me?? 🚀🚀🚀
Username checks out
Good luck fellow retard, I yoloed at close on friday
Nio absolutely mooning omfg omfg
We’re in this together brother! 5.5k on 420 weeklies.
I'm holding it till Tuesday at the earliest. You could sell some every day if you're feeling peckish.
What's that based on bro?
I concur but I mean we all know the market is volatile precisely because hot money as well as excess money is accumulating. I'm just saying that the longer volatility lasts, the harder and more sustained the subsequent bull market as that accumulating money is increasingly needed to be deployed.
[deleted]
You guys are getting me hard. Buying more shares Monday.
Well, I wouldn’t expect it to gap down with the very hopeful vaccine news.
Yea I’m sure those people will accept us
Fuck you queer what are we opening at
Thanks I YOLOed at close Friday, should gap up nicely, so will print but hopefully 200% 🤣
He who joins the cash gang shall be named a fool
can't find on robinhood. not listed under NYSE?
I’m aware what It is I’m saying the spacex launch causes more hype for space travel in general and spce is the only public space travel company. Tesla’s value doesn’t include spacex so the launch benefits spce more than it does Tesla.
My bets on Merica
Yessir
All the time
I’m a bear so...
UAL 11/27 45C
🚀🚀🚀
Welp hope it’s not the case. But if it happens to be I’ll just make money on the way down and go bullish on xpev
space stocks to the moon tmrw
Why do you say that?
Fake as fuck  
  
Edit: also, charge your damn battery!
nio
Yea may the tendie gods bless us both. Wish you the best
When is spacex going to mars
Where can I find women like this?

https://old.reddit.com/r/Christianmarriage/comments/arujek/what_are_some_practical_ways_to_serve_your_husband/
Hope not
[deleted]
Hey i got 1500 on 430 weeklies too good luck to us
Had a friend who bought a Chinese dirt bike back in the day. Piece of shit lasted 4 hours.  ironically it was called a GEO.
$20 this week
Ask any kid 12 or under what Roblox is. They will know. It is an insanely profitable video game. And I guess they’re a business, fuck it. Similar to how SNAP isn’t an app, it’s a company. Why haven’t you heard of it? You’re not 12.
You live in Florida?
Username checks out
Pro tip: invest only in companies named after fruit, colours and shapes. 😁😁😁
I ate macaroni and cheese and binged battlestar galactica
To be in college again. Le sigh.
Is Elon the greatest mind of human kind?
Is dis real doe?
> I wanna retire tomorrow not when I’m 70 like some crippled bitch

The OG boy of them fire people (MMM) sayeth you can retire when you're 35 if you double down on index funds and enjoy ramen with lentils.

It's actually true, just leverage index funds up to your personal risk tolerance; no losses so far, but uppies big time.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks072waMayk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks072waMayk)
It’s because of interest rates. There’s just nowhere else to park money other than stonks. Kids, this is a good time to pay down debt.
Crayons mainly.

The money flow, OBV, and A/D looked pretty bad to me. The money flow and RSI after hours looked better, but idk how much stock I can put into that. XPEVs crayons didn't look as bad to me.

I probably won't do anything tho. I get the sense that this short term EV sector movement is gonna be more heavily based on what the news holds and people's sentiment towards them and towards China. If people are feelin good, then shit's gonna go right back to mooning.
True...ev cars, space exploration, boring company, human brain implants, tsla short shorts...
Red by open or I lose meh money
Puts on Deshaun Watson
In this market? What are you retarded?
Anyone playing TGT?
Ha ha was totally expecting the last guy to not jump and be like "KNOPE OUT!"
[removed]
That's what I'm doing. Sold 32P which I will buy back after the runup today and exchange for "free" shares.
What’s palantir opening at with the 1 million ark shares bought and the soros 18 million shares bought hit me boys
BAN
Your youth is your parachute. No matter what mistakes you make now, if you're like under 30 you'll be fine.
US spent so much time fighting weed. Look at what potheads can do. Proud of this white African retard!
truth
i purchased some s&p FD calls friday. : )
What's the deal with nio boys? Is it gonna gap down tomorrow?
It shall be known as black Monday
Why are you using the bald wsbaby? You some sorta dirty j*rtek associate?
From what I've heard they work long hours at spacex and tesla.
I’d bet on a company trading at 5x value than a 50x tech company 

They are capturing markets in the China Asia booming market
“They had us in the first half”
As if anyone knows wtf you’re going on about
God speed
Watson is overrated imo.
Went all in based on literally only this. I read nothing else, my eyes filter every DD post for 69.
Oh, to be clear -  the pump and dump money trickling out. Not the fundamental money.
>if their lives depend on their paycheck imo.

which is another reason why healthcare is tied to employment
Fake and gay DD
If the bull is alive and well next week, just know I will have "made it" got a bigly project wednesday tho, killing my inside anxiety especially when its going to be  obvious tomorrow that no one knows wtf they are doing on the project.
[deleted]
Haha I've got a 91 but it shakes at 40 not 70. Honestly incredible that the tbi engine can even get it up to 70 lmao
Does anyone else suffer from depression even when they make 100%+ Gains? I made bank on NIO and I’m just pissed as fuck i didn’t buy more
[deleted]
SPCE is Virgin Galactic not spacex
Definitely gonna try
More often than not , always remember were usually green on mondays
I was a stingy ass and set my limit .25 cents too low. At noon baba had risen and 2 dollars above my limit. Sad day for me.
You’re not thinking like an investor. More lockdowns are going to spook investors. Why would they take the risk of investing in a climate such as this when other investors are pulling their money out.
Is puts at open, sell at close. Calls at close, sell at open almost a 90% win rate the last 10 months?
Major oof
So fucking proud of SpaceX

And Elon but SpaceX specifically is the fucking future. Wish I could buy stock, I would buy like 100k and never sell
I dont buy poots bitch
It's called the ev bubble
I actually just had talenti ice cream and hot coffee.
Incredibly overvalued too early. Will be $200 by 2030, but not now. They have high valuation bc growth numbers compared to peer Chinese EV firms. Tesla competition is about to absolutely smite that growth with a better car prices $12,000 less only made and sold in China

NIO is absolutely boned short term by the model Y’s Jan 2021 China release
Yes but actually no
I’ll entertain this video if there’s one source for any of the claims.
not really. definitely the best quality fast food place for the price.
USA USA USA 🇺🇸🚀
NIO target gonna be like $300 after CC
Do it with no arms
Bull flag on /NQ 😳😳😏
Setting up for that next leg up to break through the ATH and October high
FUCK I'm holding 50k of AMD on margin at 84.20 I was about to SELL today I'm a believer
I'm not referring to the duration of the long call: I'm referring to the delta of the long call.
I usually use DITM calls to write shorter-dated calls against. Here youre using a low-delta call. Isnt it dangerous in that it will collapse pretty fiercely in the event of a downdraft?
I don't think robinhood is the problem here...
What an amazing Sunday afternoon, imagine being so 🌈 that you didn’t load up on calls
🤣
Poor Cathie. I feel bad they’re taking ARK from her
Who TF is holding puts or calls over the weekend on this meme stock
We’ve all been there
He’s going to put a freaking laser on the moon!
Mango literally doesn't matter anymore. Let him talk his shit as he walks away....
Agree. The best burritos were the old Qdoba when they steamed the tortillas.

Now they do the same thing as Chipotle and they're not as good.
it will don't worry
Have you seen their cars? 🤡
I burnt away all of my portfolio (besides boomer REITs I'm holding for Dividends to pay 1/6th my rent a year) so hard I'm down to 1 contract. This is the play that decides whether I eat McDonalds or Popeyes.

Fuck, I'm retarded.
It fucked up my betting positions too 😭

Not even a Bills fan but I’m gonna be paying more attention to them tho 👀
These "Stocks gain as Vaccine eases peoples corona fears" headlines are so lame. As if we're not already in a bubble even with a vaccine next month. Earnings have been down across the board and we're testing all time highs for the 3rd time in a couple months
It’s definitely possible to beat the market consistently, but I’ve had more success holding for 1-3 months. You actually have some major advantages as a retail investor. You can sell at good prices without influencing the stock. You also don’t have to deal with clients and you can do whatever you want since it’s your money. Luck plays a part, but like with anything else you can learn and get better. The game is open to everyone
Is WSB too bullish? 🤔🤔🤔 How's my PLTR holders??? We hitting 17 or 18 tomorrow??
Yup. Wanted to keep the explanation simple, but yes.
I hear you bro I always try n mix calls with puts more of a chance to hit big either way
without condoms, and don’t you dare think I’m going to FOMO into EV’s with this American success proving itself once again
feel like we rotate into spy by morn
What hype?
They are all communist... I don’t think they care about their image anymore as long as they get a dollar in their pocket
I don't think you've heard of hedging
GPU + CPU sales starting on the 18th.
🐻🥜
he’s a union buster
How dare u
Thank you for the summary at the end. Your post was getting a little lengthy.
Agreed. Plenty to hate. But his progress on space is just beautiful for humans.
[removed]
Legit just ran outside 2 mins after Elon’s rocket took off to see it, pretty cool stuff
Im glad im not the only one i gotta get my shit together
Candle over candle bullish lmao
All the triggered NIO permabulls incoming
Might fuck around and just eat this whole Ben and Jerry’s pint
CRSP $115c 1/20/23. Got it
TVs in 2020... confirmed Boomer
I don’t think Cathie has bought NIO in months
NIO $35 Tuesday AH
Kids love that shit. And there’s robucks.
can someone explain the hype for fisker, they don't even make their own powertrain they are going to buy it from magna, and it will be scheduled to be produced on 4q of 2022.
Nice
Yeah kinda glad I work M-F 8-4 bc when I take a day off "to do hw" I literally tell myself on every hour that I'm going to start then. Then I say "I'm going  to go hard af at 4" and  proceed to watch after hours until about 6:30 while minimally doing shit.
That was brutal
This’ll probably work. AMD likes to accumulate for around 3 months
What does it mean? Where is the *line*?
Chipotle burritos are overrated.
Those feb calls are burnt
HOLY SHIT

MY TSLA 430c WEEKLIES ARE GOING TO PRINT TOMORROW 🚀🚀🚀 

THANKS MUSK
Fisker fam all innnnn. But no haven’t seen anything quiet yet. Feeling robbed but we still mooning.
As someone who loaded up on 500 more shares @ $51 I can relate
Tech is leading.
Positions or I’m blind and I can’t see them
Elon makes his workers work 7days a week. Tf questions is that
Definitely everyone who fomo'd the first lockdown crash will be buying the shit out of the next one and the market will rebound like fuck
LOL
/r/nio
That was an amazing time to buy shares. Every drop I bought more and the reward was huge. Pray for a market crash and call it a bullish sweet deal cheap time to buy 🤯🚀
[removed]
ur a good son
From buffalo?
Cybertrucks*
Congratulations Elon Musk, tsla going back up Mon.
sell in fact
Earning this week and not gonna buy puts
People just posting random ass YT videos are the fucking worst cancer
Elon would make the best villain. He’s like a Lex Luther.
Stop hold long term
tech is most resilient rn, showing true strength, not the retard pump where its up 1.7% over night for no reason, those always get sold eventually, but this solid organic growth right here is a good sign
Ncis nola is back tonight. Ngl it's the best of the three franchises.
She finally saw what a gay bear looks like
Yeah, right? If anything, he’ll ease it all before he leaves so he can do his own business better as a private citizen.
It'll be $150 in 5 years. $20k to $160k in 5

As easy as that...
[deleted]
Why wmt
[removed]
[According to the chart, consumption is going to increase next weekend](https://i.imgur.com/LeeioHK.jpg)
what about that selloff last monday @ spx 3640? To me it indicated that smart money wants out, but they know now that they can wait for bulls to keep pushing ATHs. I can't see us sustaining over 3600 for that reason. I think psychology has become like the u know what coin run up of 2017 all over again
Long term? Hell no... They sell fucking overpriced coffee...
YOLO'd my mom's IRA into PLTR. 60% shares, 20% leaps, 20% Feb $25 calls. wish her luck
Are we gonna track covid space numbers separately?
Would be ironic if nio tanked more than nkla. (Never gonna happen)
BA Puts zoom calls FB calls
LIFTOFF 🚀 

https://twitter.com/spacex/status/1328133386708295684?s=21
Why you selling now
SPCE is the only public space flight company. Hype for space travel hypes SPCE over TSLA easily. Just cuz it’s Elon doesn’t mean much has nothing to do with electric cars
Hey citron, stfu from now on
[deleted]
Not at all

Just keep losing money
I love free market capitalism 🤡
[deleted]
I'm a boomer. Lol. 

Nah I can't find the remote.
A little less than 400 billion
... do you live in Cleveland?
16th of Nov?
Why
Trump about to let military loose in ‘Mercia or Iran
Pulled down my mask today and a girl started laughing :(
Elon probably makes you. He has that tryant look to him.
More important question. HTF are you trading 400k on an app? I call this post bullshit
If u ain't slinging Santa hats you're too poor to post that in here gtfo
No. 🤦‍♂️
Lol why are you watching 60 min. Is my question?
How tf can people hate Elon? Dude is single handedly changing the trajectory of humanity for the better. Must all be anti-fun, anti-human luddites.
I would if I was a Houston sports fan lol
...and get your free bout of Rona while you’re at it.
Bears fuk, is true.
What
i find it harder to predict the weeks direction then daily direction though plus the daily is much cheaper
Yea for sure this is a last-stand yolo for me. If it goes down 90% there's no reason to sell at the point and attempt to build it back with $100 lol
[deleted]
Yes?
[deleted]
elon be like i got rona but dont worry ur calls are safe 🚀
Opening at 47
hmmm gotcha, thinking about getting 10 amazon fds for like 10 minutes tm for a quick scalp
[deleted]
SRAC
And you guys are getting 85% of your salary for doing nothing. Meanwhile people here get 1,200 once 🤡
Anddddd it's goneeeeeeee
If you work at SpaceX do you have to come to work on Sunday?
My plays: Sell  WMT puts and ZM puts after the vaccine news
I remember screaming my lungs out in my car
Sometimes we all need a hug. And NIO to hit $60 before earnings
Aw damn alright.
FSR going to moon this week!
Student loans don’t have 10% weekly interest and they don’t break your leg if you can’t pay it back.
Thank you - founder of the first private equity firm to invest in tesla.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** What are the official hours of these premarkets/aftermarkets?

**URL:** https://redd.it/juu8ja
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juu8ja) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/oman909, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
oman909
ROO-FI-O
Sound manipulation
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Remember: JPow/LFink can only pump this POS market if volume remains low. 3k NQ shares moved it up 1+% What a farce. When the selling pressure resumes, no can defence. GL, All!
what makes them such a phenomenon
Exactly, GG

Good luck
[deleted]
It’s like meth for kids and streamers. Good source of income for developers.
Ditched mine a few weeks ago. They were green still luckily
i believe so as well. i'm just pissed i got in late but i still feel good about my position
Can confirm
Red by open 🐻
Try watching stocks all week then betting on sports all weekend. Shit is really getting in the way of my studies bro I’m thinking of actually giving up gambling for good
Crazy that they got to Ireland in like 2 minutes. Rocket travel is the future
I find Munger's shoulders sus
My fav is when the headlines change in a span of hours from negative to positive or vice versa
Currently No,  if u live on cape dm me for spring
[removed]
[deleted]
Congrats papa Elon to Rona and space x
Lets pump SOLO guys. Let’s go
[deleted]
U ok?
Fair enough yeah man
fugazy fugazi its a wazi its a wuzi
Get more puts but for after dec.3 top executives are locked in till beginning of dec. I'm expecting a crazy drop
What do you wanna know
Tech bulls in lambos
Great catch took food out of my family’s mouths
Shorting SRRK
Buy robux
Are "kids" what you call your swimmers in the sock?
I literally get nothing done
@ MODS can we get a NIO thread? Because this will become the NIO thread
and it would be the *checks notes* first time ever shitron has been right
I need confirmation bias that it’s going to open above $7 so I can get out
I agree I don't think it's going to tank right away but if I can pull off a decent downward move on Monday I'll sell. Time will tell
that’s lowkey genuis what percent on the contracts do you look for
Fuck da bears
Spce only public space company. What’s good for space travel is good for spce
Sold 2x 10c for 17.xx and I can buy it back for 12.xx I think. Won't though.
[deleted]
So you're the one fucking all our wives.

Don't forget your patriotic duty and roll some of that profit into PLTR 15c this week
Clearly you haven’t been paying attention this year in what is probably your first or second year trading lmao. Good luck and Godspeed retard
When is it going public
I think pltr is more of a long hold. I wouldn't complain if there was a 500% rally in a year now based on people futures stock value in 5 years. Go... Go...go pltr
FUCK
60 minutes is talking about tik tok. Lol.
Is it close to the $$$
selling 66% of my ccl shares tmrw hopefully i can sell on a green day
[deleted]
Next NIO? NIO is the next PTON
MOON
Nope you are pretty stupid
It’s a great company for long term calls. No doubt post pandemic 

But with potential closings that hurts their revenue. 

They lost 1.2 billion in sales, store closures and limited sales channel. Operating hours decreased. 

They also opened 480 new stores world wide, which could get effected by said closures.
You ever heard of AAPL? I thought not.
BABA please moon
At least you’re in good company brother
Quit whining and go beat some garbage cans
Bro I own a peloton, my gf and I love it, but it’s going to become a secondary fitness machine after the gyms open up
[removed]
This is America. You gotta earn your rewards...
Lol uploaded 5 hours ago.

So he bought puts on Friday.
I have puts
/shrug
COVID shutdown. Biggest free-trade agreement.
Why?
30 at open, christmas season will pump sales
8-10 or hold till I die 😭
Lol that moron calling the top of peloton in the twitter comments. Went up 500% after that
Everyone raving about Roblox IPO. Can anyone explain.
For real!
I wouldn't hold past Tuesday if we stay green.... That is if theyre even worth anything, which more than likely not
[deleted]
you dont have access to info others do not.  will be green  or flat
Ben gay? More like been gay.
I’m in balls deep on calls in NIO but looking at they’re previous earnings they have only had one Green Day in the past 2 years earnings. 🦔 idk what to do
Damn I’m not in this but imagine being on the losing end of a CCP investigation. Here one day, erased from history along with your family the next.
Nice man I got $10 1/1/23 leap calls 20 of them
Stocks only going up might be the reason I drop out. Shits so hard to not watch and such a distraction
11/27
[deleted]
No it's not an accident. It keeps the economic cogs turning. People are also willing to put up with a lot of shit from work or bosses if their lives depend on their paycheck imo.
Nice play, I agree covid will be less deadly than people generally expect looking forward from here. I'll consider adding a piece of this to my IRA.
I bought the 12/18 $170 strikes on Nov 10, the day of the big drop. It’s run up too much for my liking since then
I hope we do. When do you intend on selling?
Been doing this since 10/23 ✊🏻
Don't the customers credit ratings come into play as well? Mixing junk credit with good credit to make it look like an easy, low-risk $35 profit?
Yikes guys. Y’all are missing the point. I have no positions with NIO and don’t want anybody’s calls to be fucked. It’s just the blind certainty with a little bit of intuition sprinkled in. Keep searching for affirmation, it’s all over this sub.
This is the level of intelligence I expect from a Goldmen Socks analyst.
What’s propping the market up? 

Turtles. Turtles all the way down.
Hold because the other two people who replied to you said sell
So crsr is the play?
Holding 11/20 calls? Because same. Hoping for at home stocks to recover next week
[deleted]
Can has dip? 🥺👉🏼👈🏼
Houston sports fans can’t catch a break...
Who had the idea to do a night launch. It was like watching someone play with a lighter
Well I wouldn't be feeling to hot if I were you, that being said this 350 area for spy has been a mother fucker
Lmaooooooo
Another comment I have to pull out on Friday
Heres the link. I think its just an inconvenience really not too hard to fix.

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cold-chain-throws-cold-water-over-pfizer-vaccine-hopes-133716649.html
Biggest recent trading regret was not buying Boeing at 145, 155, 160, 170, 180 oh well I guess
lol ok boomer
Pltr calls
The founder of CHWY sold out a while back and now owns 5% of GME, just saying
1000 shares at 15.20.  Feeling good.
do you know what obscure means?
#Bro, spoilers!!
I’m the real baby Pluto
Anyone else find Buffet and Munger sus?
Alexa play what is love by haddaway
FSR looking like it’s about to takeoff
NIO, PLTR and SOLO is the way wym?
Scottish mortgage trust already have a stake in spacex if want to get into it. 30% if their holdings are unlisted firms like spacex, Airbnb, pltr before etc. They're UK's Best performing Trust fund and on the ftse100
If I understand your question correctly, with a shorter dated call (sub 2 months), I will happily cash out with a 40%-50% gain - and often less.  The strike price I'm willing to sell covered calls for is 'generally' the price I'd be happy for the stock to get taken.  At $280 this coming Friday, I would probably be up 50%+ on my overall play.  I've have also done similar this year with $280 LEAPS. Tldr - I will 'gamble on 6-18 month plays' but I want to take singles/doubles on anything shorter term.
Till valhalla may the blood of bulls stain our blades
TSLA literally 🚀 right now.
I'll do one... 🌈 🐻 r fuk
dont worry  🥭  has short attention span

member the tik tok deal, watever happen to that? they had a deadline to sell but tik tok stillll here
Gonna buy some at open I think
Yes, so the institutional managers of the fund made a shitton of money on spec. plays Q3. Do you think they don’t have a trailing stop? When these babies tank (which they will) it’s gonna be a bloodbath. Hang on tight and see you at the bottom retards.
Why would it?
need 120 EOM
Maybe I’m just stupid and retarded.
If NIO REACHES 69 EOD I will send a picture of my gains
NIO never heard of that
🤣🤣🤣

All the luck in the world. You’re gonna need it.
#🚀🌝



☪️🛩🏢 ^^^^^^^^^^^^
Where’s plug gonna open?
[deleted]
Let’s all YOLO NIO puts
Congrats. Lots of respect for that.
You should earn perks like a real casino.  RH needs to send you a gift basket or something.
SpaceX giving us a preview of what our calls will do this week
69 eow ez
buy FSR if and when it dips tomorrow
Today I learned a sweet cream cold brew is not the same as a cold brew with cream and sweetner 🤯
As sad as this is, it is true.
Yeah what was last Friday?
I am a NIO believer even before you heard NIO. Closed out positions after other chinese EV entered the US exchange. Rode NIO from 6 to 22. But NIO rose too much too quickly. So its now in bubbles territory.
Thank you, can sleep now.
What about xpev? What makes u think that about li?
[deleted]
Guys wtf??? Where are all the "Bears r fuk" comments? 

Cuz hot damn bears pretty fuk look at them green ass futures
[removed]
Or people would move onto other competitors. EVGA is a smaller but growing competitor.
It can withdraw!
[trade alert! Should have already gotten in, watch out for FOMO and utilize your day trades](https://i.imgur.com/cvuZK8h.jpg)
Easy plan
Im a the only one who noticed the backwardation of metals
Doesn't matter most pleb investors don't realize the difference
Smart kinda guy huhh
The 30th I believe
Do you need a hug?
I remember this. Two days after (18th) was Donald Trumps national address where he told a bunch of CEOs to talk about how they're going to do testing and help with the pandemic. Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, and Target shot up 10% due to their testing news.

Same day I made the decision to be bullish in a bear world by buying into Slack and ESTC as well as SWBI (AOBC at the time). Those calls single handedly saved my fucked portfolio. 

Crazy to think that QE did so much, and if I could go back in time I would have bought into Square, Zillow, Apple, and I would not have sold my MSFT calls for break even prices.
[deleted]
Stop, my Puts can only get so erect after Fridays gains...
Yeah buddy
Or it could keep going up
buy isnt it tuesday at premarket? buy calls tomorrow
Sbux to 100 by lunch tomorrow
yea i think it was an interview which is y it popped up a little but then it dumped with the tech stonks on monday

so as long as ur not holdin sum FD's this week u should be gud (ihope)
Ah yes, the day my wife left me for her boyfriend.
[deleted]
Buying my mom a Galaxy Tab but if tomorrow open good it'll be an ipad pro
Some guy just asked what to do with his only $1K and you tards are telling him to play Nio and Li. Holy fuck people.
Elon gets Rona.  Responds by launching rocket into space.
TGT is fine
I have hundreds of thousands in Tesla.  I don't bet on chinese failure, I believe in American success.

I'm also not an autismo who buys FDs and communicates in emoji.
Open 364 slow chill to 361 at close
Green monday..
Your mom goes to college
Sitting on June $85s myself
AAPL needs to quit fuckin around
Get ready to get shafted. You and all of the other people who thought we were going to work from home forever
May we both print bigly I wish you all the best
Yes imagine... *sobs quietly*
Am I the only one 70c 11/27 ?
Yes, sur I am indeeeed
Didn’t even realize there was a spacex launch today but I bought tsla calls 2 days ago. Maybe they’ll print?
I’m sure they did great but also we are going to have a combination holiday rush + covid buying. I guess I’m wondering how much buying power consumers have left
TSLA +4% by open
Oh captain marvel
So the LI and XPEV earnings we're already priced in when they went up 40% the day of their earnings?? Lol Nice try. Show us your puts
Jeff bezos makes millionaires disappear... last person you want to be messing with
Big auto will be left in the dust.  Either way they lose.
I know what you mean, I’ve done it before. You will need to have day trades available as well, also don’t go all in cause nothing is free money
could be lol, load up on the fd's?
I’ve been in NKLA long enough to know that they’re  gonna need a fucking wrecking ball to get rid of NIO.
Honestly no, think about this. His ex bitch is the richest woman in the world.... how? From divorce.... the fact he did not croak her speaks to my notion.
Look at sjm puts if we down trend bidu also they had a bit of negative news over the weekend
Calls on park place and boardwalk
It works sometimes. I YOLO'd into NET when they made their big announcement back in Oct and mooned. Opened at 50 and closed at 55 that day. The other time people made bank was when CRSR mooned when LOGI reported Q3 earnings. CRSR was up huge before open, but kept going up the next 3 days or something.

This strategy fails a fuckton, but sometimes you can catch it right. Usually it seems to work out when its a stock that hasn't moved much and has been undervalued, then gets a big catalyst that causes it to just keep running.
He did the same with shop
I guess he taught people where to stupid and lazy to take the time to bulid their own website
Sir, this is casino.
Yeah PLTR is going to the goddamn mother fucking cosmos to become a constellation made purely out of fucking chicken TENDIES and shit etc.
Soft R. Fair play. Soft cucks downvoting
RIP
ripping 3% at least
Bills R Fuk
[removed]
Short short short
Big red gang this is exactly what we wanted
Y'all should have known when Trump Daddy goes to talk on a Friday at 4 , we are most def mooning monday..smh
What a game.  Wow
Anyone holding PTON calls?
You belong here toy beautiful smooth brain
Show your puts then
My SPCE shares like this
Congrats Elon.
Spy was flying before corona decided to drop by.
God hates the Buffalo bills
thanks for the answer but u a meanie
Yer and mi mum
Calls on SpaceX Total Landscaping
Space
Gap up to open, blood red from then on.
Also if SPY hits 330 this week it will worth 133k. Not feeling confident at all but sometimes you gotta yolo
Well i hope it goes up Monday and tuesday to 55. That wpuld be awesomem after that ill put a limit at 55 to sell even if it keeps going up.
March $85 calls. I’m feeling good. Eventually will hit
ban
Look at nvda and wday calls for eps run up and I'm liking bby and dks run ups for next week eps as long as we're trending green
So ZM will be red with MRNA news right?
sell lol
The volume was high you can look it up on yahoo plus 50m
spy 360
[deleted]
Ban
yea i wouldve agreed with u way bak but this company has retarded strength

fkin 14% up after its dump on tuesday
Sounds totally legit 🤡🤡🤡
It's run up alot. Due for a pullback.
NIO will be $35 after earnings. Set your reminders to come back to this comment. Long term tho. 200+ by 2030.
Yeah, but most retards wanna get rich next week instead of waiting a year or two then having a consistent stream of income from trading
we're going to mars bois
[removed]
probably
y tech rocket
[deleted]
$35 after earnings
Why is everyone saying this is like 9/2?
[deleted]
[removed]
I wish Tesla would moon because of space x :(
Go Ducks
I was thinking the same thing depending on premiums. Holding some 11/27 55c
100%, id never hold to expiry, im looking for a day where we grind up 2-3% and i catch fd's during the run up, and only stay for 1% market pump, wouldnt that be like 70%+ return or somn?
u/buffaloooo
[removed]
Predictions for tomorrow?

Call it like you know it.......
Will Muschamp fired and futures up fuck I'm having a great night. If the wife would give me a blowjob I might die of happiness.
Tech should be rocketing, oil should be dying tmrrow..we’ll see how the market responds
👀
How much is TSLA worth?
Holy shit dhop is the goat
People in power usually do.
This is how NIO is going to moon
But why Unc
[removed]
SpaceX was a success and futures are green that means we going green NIO TSLA
About to beat the bills by 2
Americans don't know what they're getting themselves into tbh... Europe is trying to enforce another lockdown and there's been a lot of protests.
I think most people here have the competency to be a profitable trader if they took the time to learn and be disciplined in their trading. Trading is gonna take some time.
What's the airline story tomorrow?
imagine if AMD went to 💯
Then wtf happened about a week or 2 ago? I remember some people in here mentioning some sort of interview where they talked about their plans to add more features to the app. I wasn’t interested in zoom then, but I figured it was their er and their guidance.
It already did....and came crashing back down
Lmao. This is an incredibly subjective question with a subjective answer. It varies. Is it a high growth business? Easy to grow to new areas? Revenue is easier. Have all the customers in the market? Start cutting costs. Easier to boost income. 

Maybe take a break from this and learn some basic finance first, brother.
not even close to doing the same thing, you can buy both
[deleted]
Predicting a 10%+ green day for ZM tomorrow
VOO/IVV. Don’t play with money when you have only a grand. You’ll lose it all and be depressed.
tendie prayer group. join us, fam.
Can we get an explanation?
Lol, debt the ASSets is 69% 🤣🤣🤣
My balls are plump and ready to ejaculate
lol.. k bro
I agree on the squeeze, vaccine news will pop us higher temporarily.  Have you seen the open interest on SPY 290p 3/19/2021?  Its sitting at 251,980.  Its at $4.23 right now, might be time to slowly start hopping on that train.
buffett
My plan is to buy a shit ton of calls first thing tomorrow morning but have them sold by the time the market closes Tuesday.
Please update when you sell
Thanks brah
WMT calls expiring Friday, earnings Tuesday; sell Monday or hold through?
Very Informative for a retard like me
Coulda used night vision cameras cuz I cant see shit other than the flame
It’s confirmed, SPCE calls to the moon tomorrow.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You had to add the word sticky huh? 😂 

But they did reduce reliance on government by 8% this quarter. So that’s 8% more revenue by commercial customers
Y'all hiring???
What’s pltr doing?
What were people counting down 1 minute for? I'm out of the loop.
TESLA MOON = SPACEX
the daq do be rippin
Could have prob bought NIO for a $1 on this day. FML
[deleted]
Kylee murray threw a game winning touchdown from midfield with 1 sec left
Got ours or short shares
Any of you real tarts know if Virgin Galactic will be allowed to continue operations under the new New 🇲🇽 lockdowns? They’re supposed to fly to space this week!
His life savings is 80 bucks.
Even gravity doesn’t contain humanity that damn good
[deleted]
I sold so many NIO puts to retards fuck

I get off to others misery
Holy shit, feels like I’m looking at different language on this app, haha.  

RH does a good job at making the UI so simple, but shit is it unreliable.
Solo nerds unite are we gonna recover from Monday or what
is it easier to accelerate revenue growth or to raise net income margin?
[deleted]
All eyes on WMT and TGT this week. Only reason I didn’t invest in WMT is bc the stores make me feel disgusting. TGT been diversifying their inventory and the inclusion of ULTA into the stores will def boost future growth.   I bought the $160 12/18 calls last week
YOU GOT MOSSED @buffaloooo
Nice. Just in time for the launch - the only part that mattered ;)
The madlad finally did it.
IKR. They have a lottttt of shares issued. I don’t think a lot of these yolo folks have paid any attention to that lmao.
Rotation back into stay at home plays.
Show us your puts lol
What they do?
Whoever downvoted u was to retarded to even get the joke.
Lmao.
Nio, xpev, li, fsr and other eV if you have high risk tolerance . The're safer stocks or go index if you're risk tolerance is low
What is up, homie, need a hug?
lmao thats for sure was only 6k they were 0.60 at close on friday. Futures are scary and we've been in a patterrn of gapping up overnight every night this last week which would crush my chances
#go for launch 🚀
420.69
Yes it is.  NIO will moon in premarket.
NIO has gapped up for the last 3 weeks and you idiots think the momentum is over with ER around the corner 🤡 

NIO 60 EOW 

11/20 50c x 20
Yes please. I’d love love love this
40 spy puts 11/16 at 357
Watching the rocket about to take off is so nice to see given the circumstances
Anything over a week is a huge expensive leap
We did moon last pre market only to melt down rest of day for profit taking
Easier to name 5 who aren't.
That’s cause NIO astronauts already living in Pluto
Lineup your lockdown cuffing partner boys and girls
CCL calls?
idk bud they make really gud products had mine cpu fan for nearly 5 years...if only they made them cheap and breakable then people will ahve to buy mor
Let it go
Are we finally gonna have futures open green and market open red instead of vice versa lmaoo
God dam arizona.

It's like j powell's power hour at 3:55 that saves your calls.
I bought leaps last week so probably 180.
[deleted]
its not ?
Yea need to switch that up.
Holy fuck 100 Puts!?!?!? You’re either gonna join the 1% of WSB or go homeless this week. Fuck sakes
Id be careful with Fisker. No cars and no money made
One minute!!!
What are the plays for next week brothers
247
Never Happen. Too many Personal business interests in China. Mango ALWAYS comes first.
BUCKLE UP BOYS. GO SPACEX. GO FALCON!
t-1 minute
I’m in balls deep on calls in NIO but looking at they’re previous earnings they have only had one Green Day in the past 2 years earnings. 🦔 idk what to do
Some people have forgotten that Tencent has invested half a billion dollars into NIO. I don't think Tencent or the Chinese government are going to allow NIO to fail.

I don't think NIO will climb back to $50 for a while. But Andrew's $24 price target is ridiculous.
\> If you are a bull close your app until December, if a bear go on margin  because the next 2 weeks is what you have been waiting since 2008 for.   


up 8.4% since you said that. was that what you bears have been waiting for?
I was selling ccs since ipo and got fucked. closed all my 12.5 calls when it hit 13. never gonna sell PLTR cc ever again
Loaded with soy.  Shrink your balls.  Eat up.
Calls on riots
macro trend toward fitness. macro trend towards stay at home. you are dumb as shit. couldn't be clearer if it slapped you in the face. gyms are dead.
weetawds
It's not anywhere close to a lockdown, just no more indoor dining and indoor group workout classes for 3 weeks.
They literally make up headlines to describe a number, it's pretty funny actually.
$55c 11/30 got my pp so HARD
BABA end of the week price predictions?
These fuckers are really gonna shutdown again without passing any relief lmao
Cashing out 80k
RKT? Ok. Bought calls.
I'm 60/40 split in xpev & Nio shares. Should I go 100% nio or just keep same?
hhahahahhaha
This is the only comment my dumbass could actually understand because it was specific. Thanks
Its a pussy lockdown. No indoor dining, college or high school in person classes. Gyms and k-8 grades still open.
tech is gonna be so green tomorrow I can’t wait to make some money
TAKE EM TO MARS ELON
Yes the cash on the sidelines remains a major factor. But just like September pullback, people will still sell if they think the bubble is popping

Hard to say which way it will go. Obviously it will go up eventually but arguably the upside is priced in for a little while
Why I like ath it’s makes me feel warm and cozy
Oh no
If you pour a small amount of cereal into a bowl of milk at a time, it doesn't get soggy
It’s like a Volvo + Durango
lmao u didnt check? wat if the er was tm morning???

[https://www.earningswhispers.com/stocks/zm](https://www.earningswhispers.com/stocks/zm)
And GSX went from $40 to $120 and that was for a fraud claim.
I love democracy
I usually buy a few contracts day before eps and sell em right before close day of for a nice little return, sometimes I can make one free so I'll let it ride
I like the WMT play. Maybe a little too far OTM but I’m sure you will see decent profit from it.
you get to profit off everything while risking nothing. idiot.
I have a feeling you’re leveraged out the tits. Hmu when you secure the tendie bag
Testing out my new hotkey:

It’s “lose”. Loose is what your mom is. 

Yep it works
SpaceX is NOT SPCE! I repeat, SpaceX is NOT SPCE!
Buying more calls Monday morning
Nio 25 eow and I will never have to work again
Hardware companies look at tangible assets during acquisitions.  You never know what random factory in Taiwan they might own.
All in puts
5th Element.
\[Serious\] 🌈🐻 how are you feeling going into this week  


100x342p 11/20
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [AZEALIA BANKS - 212 FT. LAZY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3Jv9fNPjgk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3Jv9fNPjgk)⠀►►⠀ 2:17 / 3:26 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
MSOS
Im a gay bear and look like i fked
Should I hold UAL 11/27 calls brought at Friday EOD? Or sell tomorrow morning pump? Bought it on vaccine hype
"Locker room banter" to quote a stable genius
🥭 to enact very hard regulations against China in last 10 weeks to cement his Anti-CHYNA legacy - Twitter News Source I forget which one lol 

RIP BABA call holders aka ME 😭
Oh ya. I've been messing with the Siciliana, very good for frozen, lol
1. Search SPY
2. Click “Trade Options”
3. Buy one or more 370c for December 18
4. Profit
TSLA is gonna fucking take off tomorrow 🚀
Alexa play 212
hopefully we dont hit ath overnight, but this week is def a grind up typo week
[deleted]
You're a special breed of stupid
I’ll worry if the euro poors start buying
Srsly tho
TSLA headed back to $420.  Bank on it.
SPY calls at close on Friday
That’d make them have a 5trillion market cap
But they're not getting one any time soon
You are gay
Can’t wait till nio busts and every other post won’t be about it anymore
SPCE 11/20 25c's
Sounds good!  Hopefully a good PR release
NET is so good, almost love the stock too much. Tbh tho, I think it's ready for a little pop pop upwards
I'd sell eod, the IV tends to spike last ten minutes and you should make decent profit
dont fight trend
Lol bro

Please name a time where a stock was “priced in”, beat earnings expectations, had good guidance, beat revenue expectations, released neutral or good news, and then dropped the next day.

That’s why I say you’re delusional, because that has never happened and you think it will for the first time with NIO, a company that is in a sector that rallies on a bad ER (LI)
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NASDAQ FUTURES ARE WILD!! I HOPE MY MSFT CALLS PRINT

**URL:** https://redd.it/juwl20
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juwl20) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/H1flavio, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
coldiron03
ROO-FI-O
guhhhhh so much porn right there
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Can anyone give me an award for just being me?
Just buy stocks...zzz
*👀 Remember to type kminder in the future for reminder to be picked up or your reminder confirmation will be delayed.*

**Hyper_Hummingbird808** 🥳, kminder in **3 days** on [**2020-11-19 00:21:29Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-19 00:21:29Z&reminder_id=a3ef8e0f21714e929ebc64be88a23ba4&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: Nio_premarket_party_everyone_invited**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/juu3x0/nio_premarket_party_everyone_invited/gcfyyw3/?context=3)

> kminder 3 days

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-19T00%3A21%3A29%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjuu3x0%2Fnio_premarket_party_everyone_invited%2Fgcfyyw3%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Delete reminder and comment, Add email notification, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-19 00:21:29Z&reminder_id=a3ef8e0f21714e929ebc64be88a23ba4&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** We are lean and mean and stay in motion to serve people. If there is any change you want, contact us by email.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
You guys all retards. He should just buy new 0dte calls everyday
Shhhh keep that on the low. Thinking the herd will flock when this hits $100
depends what you are spending on.  Technology is ATH.. Energy is on hot discount.  Also depends if you are options or stock hold.
I'm not gay but I will take a veiny green dildo any day.
https://youtu.be/LjiO1Qo3ZFo
About to be 1000% in 52 weeks friend.
SPY is tech heavy. If SPY is red, it almost definitely would mean QQQ is red too.
NET->PLTR = 👁
Don't worry,  you'll be flat broke by 30
lol.. i mean i'm bullish but come on bro. this is peak (ish) pton.. the climate and situation will literally never be better for them than it is in 2020
I mean... it is.
[deleted]
What percent of your net worth are you down?
Haha for sure man.
Why did I buy SOLO puts near EOD Friday like a retard
Invest it
Alexa play what is love by haddaway
Get a real broker.
Lies all lies
NIO announcing "RoboTaxi" coming up... 

NIO $500+
Probably monday or tuesday
Couldn't care less tbh I have better things to worry about
Everything pumping except silver. -> holding silver calls
Cape cod but I do jobs from Maine to Ny if money is right
Do want your heart tells you because nothing in this pathetic existence of ours really matters
Sadly no
Salesforce CEO
[deleted]
Didn’t they just have their er like a week ago?
Ever notice how panicky CNBS headlines are? For example stonks rise 3 percent the headline is “Stocks rise 3% on stimulus hopes “. But if stocks down like 0.50% CNBS be like “Dow PLUNGES 150 points on COVID hysteria!”
eros.com
It can’t go on forever but I think we still have ways to go. Also, that fact that we are making higher highs and higher lows is extremely bullish. Plus the vix keeps falling now, meaning investors are expecting less downside. There is still about $4T of money sitting on the sidelines and always remember, the fed is still your friend and is keeping interest low. Also, earnings are still pretty good. In fact, many earnings are beating expectations because people were so bearish. Those who really need the stimulus are poor people and it’s a shame it’s still not done. White collar Americans are more likely able to work from home.
Fuck yeah
I've got 1/20/23 15 and 20s
I tend to buy a few contracts day before , usually runs up and IV spikes day of I sell everything besides one, to make play free or make some decent profit, let the one ride jus in case it moons
I still remember there was a guy posting the exact same image when tesla hit 300 pre split. Guess who gonna buy NIO on monday
I'm glad I have other passports
You can gain a fat percent, but more likely you will lose 100%. There’s a reason they’re called fds
I've got 1/20/23 15 and 20s

You could easily buy shorter dates tho, it's likely going to move soon. I just like this company long term. I'm just letting these sit in my roth and forgetting about em for awhile.
Eli4
And once again, my VXX calls are fucked. Why don’t I learn stonks only go up ⬆️
just to fake out futures traders, it will take the back seat by morn
Wait is this my Robinhood yearly review
don't worry ER cumming sooooonnnnn

\*hands are wet
They are the ones collecting the premium
Ban OP
I know this is absolutely retarded question but how do I make the most of this $1000 I have sitting in my RH account?
Will TWLO ever get back it’s momentum? Fucks sake just hit 350 this month you cuck dick of a stock.
Elon sending ppl to space. Calls on TSLA
Josh Allen saving my Sunday!
oh worddd?
I didn't. Was it the same?
T - 5 minutes TSLA bois! 🚀🚀🚀
I will be messaging you in 3 days on [**2020-11-19 00:21:29 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-19%2000:21:29%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/juu3x0/nio_premarket_party_everyone_invited/gcfyyw3/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjuu3x0%2Fnio_premarket_party_everyone_invited%2Fgcfyyw3%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-19%2000%3A21%3A29%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20juu3x0)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Retarded
What do you boys think about buying options on the smaller qqqm instead of Qqq?
it sure will, too bad i aint got em calls i wanted
yea definitely lets just keep it steady. I dont wanna fuckin think ‘should I sell?’ every 2 fuckin minutes
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Lil Wayne - I Feel Like Dyin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWbiHdSgEuk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWbiHdSgEuk)⠀►►⠀ 2:24 / 3:36 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
No moat tho. Also wtf were they thinking when they purchased Origin PC lol
You're ovethinking it. You'll be good with this week. Stock only had one -7% day.
>BYND 

I've been keeping an eye on them ever since they crashed. That is going to be one fat bag of shekles
I’m sure it will. Wish I held
If I want to buy shares of NIO at 45 and it’s currently at 43 do I want to set a stop buy? Need to make sure cause it could happen in premarket
I dont know about worse. Lots of fools made big bank in this economy. Just have to place the right calls and ur golden
srry y would MM let them expire worthless? 

y would anyone do that?
It would be a stop loss, just confirm your broker's settings.

The risk is the thin liquidity early AM, it'll be a wide bid-ask til open probably
Alexa play i feel like dying by lil wayne
What’s your end goal
yes sir
Andrew Left pours his milk before his cereal.
Need a 3% bounce one of these days
top comment:

"This is a repost from last year! Shortly after a mysterious fire burnt down a huge portion of the rainforest. "
Corporate bond yields, 2/5/10yr bond rates, and my cynical investment mentality. I definitely think we are going to get a short squeeze up, but I think we are in for a prolonged drop from February-March of 22. Idk what the price is because I’m not good enough at math to do $500->now with inflation from 08-22.
Or cut your own dick off and eat it on live tv
Tech bull, but spy bear tomorrow
NET > PLTR
The autist Aussies at r/ASX_Bets are in absolute shambles.

Down under pool's closed
That's explains a lot
😑
Nio nazis holy shit dude 🤣🤣🤣
Wow this is so amazing
350*
And then go back to $405-410 by the end of the day, the way it has been behaving for the last 2 months.
I’m sorry man...did you sue? This is really heart breaking
You don’t have to specify mom’s basement. We already live there.
Remind me! 3 days
PLTR take me to 25
fuck me i need to make this bread back...have any of u actually yolod net worth into fds at open and gained fat percent?
Imagine trying to shut down thanksgiving. I assume the yearning for turkey, stuffing, yams, and pumpkin pie is equivalent to a druggie seeking out heroin.
Really!! Honestly that's not bad at all fuck it yolo
The Bills are fucking legit
Merck, Lowe's, TIAA
covid cases overbought on RSI
What the fuck is it with Reddit and “loose” in place of “lose”?

The first dozen or so times I saw it I figured it was some kind of Reddit meme...

It’s not, and now I’m seeing it on posts about not being dumb. Guess I’ve seen it all now. 

Anyways keep fighting the good fight. 

I think I’m going to bind a hotkey that just drops in something like “It’s lose. Loose is what your mom is”
Sell before ER to be safe
When do they report?
My niggy 🍻
This gets downvoted because normies were allowed in. Puts on WSB content quality
Gonna get a few $RSPT calls cause all my homies respect women 😎
4K now
We don’t listen to men that are down 18%.
I'd donate an organ to her and give her another speech impediment
Let's take over a McDonald's boys!!!
[deleted]
Why would that happen? There is a concerted effort by the Chinese government to phase out internal combustion engines and the Chinese market is, as I understand it, much larger than the American market. This is partially because there's no coordinated effort in the States to drive EV sales. Am I missing part of the picture?
have no puts, just sold my tech calls for loss during last weeks shenanigans
NIO is called the TESLA of china. They want all the publicity they can get.
T-7 MINS
Buy SRNE
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Xavier's school for the criminally homosexual
Waiting for JD earnings.....
The irony on so many levels. Reading is hard I know. But I said the reason it would, if it were to even happen, was because the earnings are priced in. Again, I don’t know what will happen. Congrats if you make money but being so sure of something and not considering anything else and then to accuse someone of being delusional is prime WSB
If you aren't long PTON, then what are you doing? This is a $400 stock in less than 2 years.
I’m up 100% on my nio calls but should I sell and take profit now?
[deleted]
massive
All signs point to yes.
Andrew left
Andrew left
Andrew left
Andrew left
Andrew left
Good. Try to reduce some risk while taking profits.
No shit bro. Prepare for a 15% gap up tomorrow.
But puts at open tomorrow gay bear.
gay bears gonna enjoy the green dildo on monday
[deleted]
150 when?
I yoloed my whole portfolio 30 mins before markets close on friday at nio on its all time high. let’s see what happens tomorrow
TSLA will gap up and head towards 430 tomorrow, SpaceX launch is historic news 🚀🚀🚀
What a dip to buy !
Maybe next year
beyond meat pizzas are bomb as fuck. Don't have any BYND but just sayin'
And? ... and?
Tech red by open. Sold my SPY 361 calls on Friday at 355 when right before it started mooning for a loss. Only thing I have is AAPL so guaranteed red for Nasdaq tomorrow. And SPY cleared for takeoff.
Blud green
His wife boyfriend is probably Tyrone
$285 tomorrow
Why? Just a random baseless comment about it getting screwed?
Snowflake alert!
 I fucking like those positions. Spoken like a true fellow autist.
>!vega gang!<
i think the max price over the next 2-3 months will be higher if we can maintain some semblance of sanity but I feel like it might be too late for that. the cat is out of the bag
Whats mooning 🤔
So it's RH fault for losing 400K plus?
Top 5 CEOs who you suspect are wife beaters?
I know it's early but it is still exciting when we've gone a while with only seeing plus 20, plus 10, plus 5.5 on nasdaq futures. 100 points is crazy (by a while I mean like a week)
Remind me! 6 months
the state of the poor vs. the state of the rich
Is tech outpacing the market cuz of lockdowns?
Then ATH by 9:30 am
Better than SD
I'm happy to see the PLTR hype since I bought at IPO, but tbh, the company is an amazing investment. I dunno about this PARTICULAR rally but if you just get in now and hold for 5 years you are gonna be super happy with the results lol
[removed]
Will buy puts at open. The lemon is squeezed. This won’t last long until we see the next correction
[deleted]
This is the way
God I love organic growth
However, the market paused trading at 10.24am AEDT due to a "critical operation impact" that the ASX is investigating 

[https://www.smh.com.au/business/markets/asx-set-to-push-higher-csl-building-a-new-vaccine-plant-20201116-p56eu7.html](https://www.smh.com.au/business/markets/asx-set-to-push-higher-csl-building-a-new-vaccine-plant-20201116-p56eu7.html)

please learn y b4 postin
I think LI is going to tank very hard. Kinda praying it moons at open so I can get puts.
Anyone have a link about cruises that supposedly someone posted in here about 2021
When will we expect their meeting results?
The catalyst doesn’t exist if the current business model is actually dead. Like even if they do turn the business around they aren’t changing their entire business model overnight and suddenly change the entire market’s opinion to cause a short squeeze. It’s going to take a while for GME to get where it needs to be which is going to give shorts plenty of time to cover as they slowly turn the business around (assuming they do turn it around).
I will be willing 5000 NIO 30 puts. Please buy.
Bought 100 AAPL shares down at 114. So happy about that. Gonna sell covered calls for about 50 bucks a month and sit on those puppies for a decade.
Is it something to do with soros?
Pensions bought Nikola, NIO, and Zoom? the fuck is this shit

THE FUCK IS THIS
Jesus at this rate probably
It *is* paid.  Cameo is a service where you can hire like A-to-D list celebrities to record a little video message. Some dude paid her to say that. She personally doesn't give a fuck about the stock one way or the other.

Although Andrew's Peloton report needlessly made fun of the Peloton Girl character by calling her a "confused and anxious Peloton wife."
I will sell everything of value that I can sell and put it in SpaceX once they IPO.
Whatever you wanna do to celebrate?
Don’t see that anywhere below yours unless it was hours ago
The spread was kinda obvious before the crash.  
I'm in Europe but still. Hunkered down the 11'th of March.
Thoughts on HD?
Its gonna be green bro
https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/

Too many big wigs invested in that company for it to crash anytime soon.
please yes
YES SIR ! LETS GO YOLO ! WE FINNA EAT TONIGHT BOYS!
Bigly is the only adjective that's legit
Is tsla gonna moon tomorrow or what?
$100
Oh fuck with futes this green I’m really hopin zoom reverses last weeks downward spiral and goes up with the market. I’m literally betting on it 😕
For them
Followed shortly by the 18th. The day I wish I had sold my puts and VIX calls.
So it was GME two weeks ago, we haven’t even gotten over NIO and y’all obsessing over PLTR? Guess NIO gang gonna get Thanos clapped on Tuesday 😏😏
Yeah I know its premature but got to thinking about it as I watch the spacex launch tonight.
I love the adrenaline. but that might just be the cocaine
Are you chewing gum? I said no gum
That's a sure thing. I mean, who else besides the reigning champ and our lord and saviour.
Monday non-leap plays:

GE 1/21/22 $12c $0.98 ask

CCL 12/18 $17.5c $1.20 ask

SNE 12/16 $95c $1.20 ask

WMT 1/15/21 $170c $0.94 ask 

All are somewhere short-term non-leap ER plays. Except WMT which is (ER on 11/17 pre-market) playing earnings nearly right away. Expected is $1.18, but I think they’re gonna blow it out of the water. If you’d want to seriously play WMT with a leap, look at the 1/21/22 $200c for a $350 ask. 

If you have any input, lemme know. Always happy to tweak.
You know the rules, if it doesn’t happen you have to drink pee in your moms basement
There was a 50-50 shot of it succeeding or failing. Good job.
PTON is the next NIO. Time to load up ..
Bro I made 2% on a 10 delta weekly. That never happens
Bought pltr shares fri and wrote weekly calls. I'm regretting it now
Insurance, based red state with high covid rates, disabled people and like other health issues, 

Aren't their customers dying?
Did you see the options activity on LI about 3 weeks ago?
Michigan is locking down. Queue small dick energy rednecks with assault riffles.
Really proud of Elon tonight. He fucking did it
Good bot
[deleted]
I self Identify as one yes.
just random shit-talk. making yourself feel better. no one knows what will happen until the market opens tomorrow morning. Chill.
Jokes on you half this sub is into traps
Short term I think it will bounce around 270-280, but it should be back where it was before the Ant disaster soon enough
22.5c 11/20
Worst service/customer service?
AUSTRALIA EQUITY MARKET TRADING PAUSED ON MARKET DATA ISSUE-BBG

Circuit breakers
Its not ready yet
Diversification is for retards
Great time to sell theta
[deleted]
They still suck
it started going up
i think $50 in the next two months is totally possible
Nov 23 2020 359pm
Jordan Belfort
how many other twinkling eyes has he funded, and how many panned out?
Thiel is not CEO
We eatin eating
I’ve got several thousand bushels at an elevator. Please keep buying long contracts.
Wasn't this already known.. Fisker said this back when he appeared on Cramer the first time.. 

That being said, FSR TO THE MOOOOON
I bought 2 70c 11/20
PLTR is only at 15 dollars, what valuation do they have, like 10-15bn?

_looks up mcap_ ITS AT FUCKING 30bn

edit: all in till 50bn
I agree 100%
Can someone explain to me all the palantir comments ? I’ve seen tons of hate for it for so long. What changed ?
During the gold rush you want to be Levi Strauss.

-Warren “All you can eat” Buffet-
why
No plenty of people are.
Definitely not me tho.
If you’re not talking about PLTR GTFO
AMZN calls[https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/juthwx/amazon_tribe_wins_lawsuit_blocks_big_oils_bid_to/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/juthwx/amazon_tribe_wins_lawsuit_blocks_big_oils_bid_to/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
NIO up 35% in Iraq Market
But... we are in the middle of the fourth quarter.
And if 1 flight in a thousand kills everyone on board?

I wouldn't go up for $10,000 or even $1,000. Not till I've seen tens of thousands of safe flights without a single death. 

Airlines do 176,000 flights per day during non-covid times. EVERY DAY. And we now go years without an airliner going down. I remember when you'd expect a major crash in the USA every year or two that kills most or all aboard, and that was normal. On average there are now 5.5 million commercial flights between fatalities. 

Virgin Galactic will almost certainly kill at a rate thousands of times higher than airlines, yet people are still scared of flying.
doesn't this look like one giant dick? the capsule sure looks so much like a dick-head
Yea...sure
I am newbie. Do you guys talk about ticker mooning on the basis of futures or is there some information about prices of stocks before premarket?
Waiting for the NIO money to trickle into stateside EVs like Fisker and Lordstown.
Fuck yea, My type of job, worked FedEx in the busiest warehouse in America for 2 years, manual labor > any other labor, get paid to burn calories. Where abouts are you located?
Well to be fair, there's like 1.5 month left. Andrew could still be right!
Yes pls
Will it still be ATH in two years? Probably not, so stfu and buy
Pewts are enticing
Should I sell my 11/20 Calls after the earnings jump? Or wait and see if the stock goes higher by Friday?
Who watching the launch? 🚀
fake futures red by 9:00 am
Seems paid.
And? The markets are forward looking. Short lockdowns literally mean nothing if an end is in sight with 1 working vaccine and more on the way. Additionally, more lockdowns = more stimulus
Stocks go up stocks go down bro but I went all cash at 100k 
Cashing out 80k
Getting a Tesla roof +two powerwalls  45k  
And wife wants new kitchen 😑
Askjeeves
Should be something tonight or maybe tomorrow when he’s speaking at the Reuters automotive summit
FAANG's week to let it rideeee
PTON is the much better long term play
I've searched everywhere for the Alks results of the meeting today and can't find anything other than they are meeting.  Any site or info on this drug and their approval?  They've been given approval in October to continue with the meeting today, but I find Jack about today's meeting with results from the meeting.
So I can fucking break even LMAO
It will have its first prototype for the fisker ocean produced and showcased in May 2021 and production of the vehicles to be sold in 2022.
Haha
u put ur life savings on something expiring in a month.. are u retarded ?
You fucking retarded hoe
Wrong on a few of those, their customer renewal rate is ridiculous at like 95%
NIO 46
What makes you say that?
Got it, right on time, this goes without a hitch it’s gonna literally gonna rocket nq, looks like 10mins, let’s go team musk!
pltr calls to buy pltr shares? said no one ever
[deleted]
Thanks, been following you for a while now and always helpful. Much appreciated
I had ramen too chicken flavor
Forward looking at vaccine & the fact that tech is still god
Give it a few hours lol
Pltr
Palanton
From the Citron report:

>The dream of Peloton becoming the official platform of home health
will soon be a distant memory like when GoPro was going to be our platform for
“life logging”.

>Maybe next year for Christmas our favorite confused and anxious Peloton wife can
get an iPad and a standard bike for Christmas and use the $2k and $39 a month
she saved for couples counseling.
I was thinking red spy green qqq. I hace 1k in 0dte puts. 10k in semi long calls. Ill take this I guess.
never bet against becky is one of the top 5 rules of wsb
Have you ever heard of the crash of 1929?

Exact same setup. Except we have genuine black swans in addition to those retail conditions.
Lol
PLTR is the real deal
No, it is not.
Why not both?
FOMO is a viable strategy
Wait for a good entry
damn AutoMod, chill
[deleted]
Been a proud 🌈🐻 after hitting ATH while corona cases outperforms my robinhood returns. Something has to give and I'm beginning to think it may be my liquidity.  


Final yolo 100x 11/20 342p + some random lyft puts I bought at earnings that I refuse to sell for -99%  


[https://imgur.com/a/K5nUs3h](https://imgur.com/a/K5nUs3h)
Someone has link to good DD for palantir?
mi esposa's novio es mi dueño.
I’m gonna need you to re-read my comment. You’re actually insane if you think a good ER will cause a drop

!remindme 3 days “dude drank the bear kool-aid”
> i haven't been BTFD since March 

ouch. dollar has gone down dad
Just bust your ass!!!  ...And be on time and reliable that’s it!!!!
Jfc lol

Idk sell half into spreads tomorrow and sell the rest Tuesday if it runs up?

Tech lookin like a snack rn so you'll be fine
This guy fucks
1.5 million share volume but absolutely no activity at all on options? Total open interest on all strikes, all expirations, calls and puts totals less than 50? What's up with that?

EDIT: Open int = 24 
total for all options combined
>let literally everyone have infinite loans because racism and classism as an argument

>housing is free market and skyrockets overnight 

sheeet

Same thing with student loans
You ever seen Captain America: Winter Soldier?  


If you had a chance to invest in the AI system from winter soldier, wouldn't you?  


That's PLTR
its amazing you think the obvious play is the the right play
I sold covered calls fuck no
I was hoping that owning Tesla stock would play into it.  I've been into that for many years.
5.35 and 103.5
Lol exactly
People have billions of dollars, where else are you going to put your money? .8% yielding bonds?
PLTR or PTON?
Nio 44.50
Like everyone is saying, don't hold though earnings
yes sir
what was the FSR news?
[deleted]
is this your entire net worth?
This is why I hate being pure cash gang over the weekend. Assuming we do see a lot of green tomorrow, a lot of its going to happen before open. If you want in on calls you'll have to FOMO into something that's already up and hope that it keeps going up all day. I guess you could look for something that hasn't moved much, but that you think will catch fire later in the day or for a fakeout that you can buy puts on. I hate all of these plans cuz it's mad easy to get burned. Safest thing could be to make your moves toward EOD
Crude going neg was a meme dude. Epic gamer moment
If you want to support the LGBTQ cause PLTR is where it’s at the CEO is a homosexual.
I am looking at a couple of images even I could photoshop together pretty quick. Not sure what the point of this is supposed to be except fake.
He usually like to put news out late , might be around 8 if it comes I’d imagine
I have my life savings in NIO calls dated a month out. I was up a lot but didn't sell because I was told "this is the next Tesla. You're in at the ground floor". I am hearing about Trump putting the screws to China with another crackdown. Am I in danger?
[removed]
Lmao imagine being a bear time to hibernate ya lil BITCh
BYND meat calls gonna be printing tomorrow
hahaha, love to see that kind of optimism. would love to see it get crushed tomorrow even more.
i got no positions in nio currently, i exited at 48.
Will find out when Hk baba opens in 1 hour
I agree with this retard as a short time lurker who has seen at least tens of posts here.
Let’s head to the moon 🌕
don't be a pussy just cash out while you're ahead
we do ?
I fucking wish I knew about options then.
[removed]
Price prediction for NIO & FSR at open tomorrow?
A little confused right now are we bullish cause of vaccine then why is tech up or are we bullish on lockdown then why is the DOW up
Here we go with the coulda woulda shoulda shit.
What technicals do you use aside from fibs?  What are those highlighted red numbers to the right?
Look and see why they posted a loss.
Why do you think I have this flair
Facts
Lowkey a good investment potentially. They were funded by the CIA for a while as a startup, and are winning DoD contracts like candy. Plus branching into other government sectors like Healthcare.
Russell Wilson fucking my parlay
NIO did it’s thing last week. Despite earnings I wouldn’t expect much from them rn
You can always average down
Bears assuming inner spoon position
Judging from the thumbnail, i have more calls than he has hair. Unbelievably bullish.
[removed]
Futures are actually looking reliable
Grumpy 🌈🐻
That’s why I got into rentals this year. Got duplex and condo during the panic around Aug
one of the few stocks right now with possibility to go 100x in the next decade or two
[removed]
I couldn’t trust it after it blew past 345 again. Loaded up Spxs calls expiring this week and December.
20 EOW
You have officially peaked my possible fate of inner concrete workmanship, What type of experience do you need?
3 Weeks... Back to Back to Back... LOL 

NIO $250+
There’s nothing quite like the sound of bears getting their cheeks clapped to kick the week off right.
If I want to make sure it sells if it rises to 45 should I use a stop or limit?
i would nut
Sad!
[deleted]
It’s 4pm here.  I like the optimism of WSB posts on Sunday
if these futures hold Idk what to do tomorrow now. I was gonna try a strangle until now. any suggestions?
Same for anyone who's primary accomplishment is "being rich" or who has a value system that exalts "being rich" as its own end.

Money is irrelevant after you reach 2m invested (maybe even less is needed in some areas, not sure), that's about how much you need to be free and financially secure/not need to work to live comfortably -- and this is the primary value of money -- freedom. After that threshold is hit, it's 100% about the people in your life, the work you do, and achieving your personal goals.

Anyone who says otherwise is a low quality person and doesn't deserve respect, let alone admiration.
JD earning tomorrow morning about to send it to the moon $150+
I doubt u can even see a nio from space. Their pp too smol. Tesla big pp.
stonks
Its amazing how many people are buying at ATH with the state of the world right now. Its completely fucking mental. 🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴
puts?
I dont even know how to purchase a stock on my platform
Bear R Fuk
UwU
Is BABA fuk
[removed]
I'm damn confused rn...so VIX futures are trading down...but relative to Friday it's up a good bit. What is CNBC displaying then?
200* - you missed a zero there.
[deleted]
Aug thru oct he lost money, then deposited more. "LOoK aT mY gAinZ"
It scares me that WSB is all in on this one, I put a significant portion of my obey into shares and I need that thing to not fucking collapse
[deleted]
WE EATING tomorrow
If they go up, I win. If they go down, I buy. Ez game
u think vaccines are useless?
What’s the Fisker news
Half agree but the real reason it would go down even after beating is because their earnings have been priced in for weeks now
If you view this sub ur retarded
with PLTR we want it to be more of a steady climb, so please yolo on NIO and bring whatever you have left over to PLTR
I sold NIO puts to 🌈🐻 with 33 strike. Thanks boys, you made my car payment
So no one playing short terms for earnings?
So puts
Yeah cause they cannotsee the EV future (get it)
Boomers really are dumb
Anyone playing SE earnings? Gonna beat?
[removed]
Kleenex
GE Is gonna make me some trendies can’t wait
You were wrong bruh.
y? cuz no iv crush and if walmart hits on tuesday they win?
why not Tesla? I know it's overpriced as shit right now, but that doesn't mean the company can't have the highest market share when the dust settles.
Futures ripping.

Bears in shambles.
mango yesterday's news
I heard 15th but fisker didn’t tweet anything
All $80?
You must be new here.
nio to the 20s
to make money on the ride up to ER... so maybe sell some at open and some tues, idk
when
Absolutely. Stock up on Hertz. Your wife and her boyfriend can finally afford to go on vacation then.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
You and me both brother. Got destroyed on my calls
He said “powerfully”
yes, I'd be confused too with buying calls and puts at same time.
 been holding a hundred 11/20 25c's since earnings
Shortest Bear market in history...
Hey that’s not bad at all
What makes you think a vaccine is going to honestly negatively impact the tech giants? Last week sell off was an over reaction.
NIO ER > NIO CC > NIO UPGRADES > NIO DAY > EV Sales Numbers = 

NIO $250+
Be smart about it and you'll be set for life on futures and options. No yolos
Time for retards to confuse tickers and buy SPCE.
We only “invest” in options
how is it not yolo if all my money is on msft calls? BAN!
I think it was that Klingon character from the first avengers movie.  He helped them destroy Sauron.
If this is not removed and banned, then our sub has lost its soul
Seriously. Am I poor guys, I only have a little 100 million
Imagine not having 50k. Treat your 150k like that.
Am I retard for yoloing all my money on NLS calls?
Then we all get a class action lawsuit for $5.34 babe ☺️
Ber fuk
damn tech, wyd bro
Haha such a good movie
Lets fucking prosper in this hoe
But shares aren’t leveraged and don’t expire...
This. This. This.
then you enroll in Modernas cancer trials in 10 years (assuming it makes any progress in 10 years)
Sounds like a 🌈bear to me
I know I shouldn’t but I’m playing earnings this week.
Inverse wsb. Bail out at open
Either go to your brokerage account and screenshot positions and gains during this period or if your phone won't allow you to screenshot due to privacy, you can take a pic of your computer screen with your phone.  My brokerage won't let me screenshot due to privacy.
LGBT Rights. Thiel is a homosexual.
Do you hear that? January 28, 1986 is knocking at the door
My man
No cope. Just rope.
What’s the target? Looks like they’ve been trading sideways for months
im in the green on all at the moment. 1-10%
It's definitely about parsing info then knowing the lingo.
Humble bragging is quite unbecoming.
Not poor just gay
Futures up powerfully
Mango kinda fell off
NIO dance babe
PLTR GANG RISSSSE UPPPPP
AAPL calls tomorrow
im 30 and i have 1k
Expect that one earnings in the summer where Tesla went past the moon.
Nio destroying some Bear pussy.
TGT FDs
[deleted]
PLTR or NIO? Which will meme harder?
Means NIO to $50 tomorrow 👍
THIS AIR MAKES ME STRONG
Bc that’s what Wall Street said would be their “strong sell price target”
Anybody in SPCE calls?
what happened?
[deleted]
This is the way
I said most companies. I didn't say other FAANGM companies. Amazon doesn't care because they PIP like crazy.
Got a bonus at work around that time spent half in the dip... I'm still holding!! Should I cash out and put all in TOPS?
What platform is this
So fuckin true. My retarded ass got a half chub seeing NIO and everything else fell wayside.
Your right... I’m sorry.

I’m going.
Hope DKNG holds 43. I sold some of my shorter exp calls before earnings let the longer boys ride. Waiting for a position to find support above where you bought is annoying.
Big long on soy and corn, it's free money
The market would absolutely crush the special olympics with this level of retard strength. 💪🥴🖕
Moderna is releasing more vaccine data soon. Their vaccine requires no refrigeration, so it can be easily distributed. RIP your puts
Bears.....find a safe-house, lie low for a while.
Does that also explain why housing is so ridiculous?
Remember when we were at 325 literally less than 2 weeks ago

fuk this fake and gay mahrket
Bruh you can't put in a market order rn? It'll execute at open
Critics like you just can't handle the fact that NKLA came up with a way to power their vehicles with 100% green energy, using their proprietary soap-box-derby technology.
This logic is so stupid.
This is not a yolo, futures have been open for only 1 hour. Ban
Any public companies to invest into pornography?
They are driving VIX under 20.
I pay new guys $25 an hour
bruh most people live paycheck to paycheck, just be smart with it, you're still young as fuck
there is this word which starts V and its what every person in the world wants
Pretty good for being 26. Just don't lose it all now..
Why are we shillin PLTR? I need a blind reason to just buy
[deleted]
I do it on SPY every week.

Just keep theta in mind. If the stock goes the wrong way and you continue to hold, keep in mind youre essentially betting its gonna make a HUGE move in the other direction.

Usually i dont hold same day for more than 30 minutes at a time.
[watch](https://youtu.be/HB7EpIsppo8)
Your one move first thing tomorrow?
If you take them all together, it will overwhelm your immune system you will get COVID instead of getting vaccinated
I dnt think earnings are gonna go too well..
Holy shit. NIO bears out full force this evening. You can feel their panic. RIP 🐻 💩.
Vaccine hopium
[deleted]
Check on your fellow bears this evening folks
What indicates that we've hit a peak to you? And where do you see things bottoming out?
Vaccine talks going well. Don't worry about anything else.
Homepage?!? Wtf you on about?
I've got about 10% of my portfolio in 3/19 IWM puts. It's all good.
Look what they did to my boy PTON... LOL
Lowered interest rates coupled with low bond yields, there’s literally no where else to invest your money so stonks only go up
na na na, bro. wait till the end of the year to make this comparison, we are going to 4k.
Am I poor I’m almost 26 and I only have 150k a million seems long away
Everyone get in on the PLTR hyperloop.
Tech come and go. Corn is eternal
look at rates, look at the dollar, theyre getting destroyed so logically equities are more valuable
No. Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook you choose the team you want to be on.

Google is one of the few that chucks you wherever the fuck, unless you have some sort of specialty.
Name one of the thousands of vaccines that has caused cancer
[removed]
i buy a rng call from negrodamus
This is true, and I won’t be bullish on NIO after ER week. But until then, 🚀
Good for you man, so we’re talking some top of the tendies type of position. What does someone make just joining the job? Let’s say no/little/minimal experience?
They're out of TP
Maize gang
Buy LODE
Cucumbers are green but most the men here prefer artichokes.
Chill it's just a vaccine
if everyone here is buying PLTR it will run for days/weeks before it tanks.
Great day for me
I just bought fvac
[deleted]
Adam Neumann has entered chat.
Me selling my NIO 43p at $52 on friday
Extremely insightful analysis. Would recommend. 10/10
I really hope PLTR stock crashes this week.............. SO I COULD PICK UP 40 MORE CONTRACTS
sold half at 16 something might have to buy back those bitches
🥺
What is a stock?
I'll provide the rope. What's everybody else bringing?
64 NIO shares lmfao. Fuck off to r/smallstreetbets
🧑‍🚀🚀✊🏻
The world is always going to have more data
How do I video screenshot?
Stop buying puts for the love of god unless shit actually happens you won’t make money
I know retards are a joke in this sub but damn this dude is really retarded. I hope he gets help.
Because he just called it
This is the way
Fuck you
65C here
I'm heavily invested into CMPS 

Hence the username.

Shrooms are fucking incredible, microdose or not.
[removed]
earnings on wednesday so what was your plan when you bought them?
[deleted]
BABA better show some greens else ban.
Covered ✍️Calls ✍️and ✍️Chili’s✍️

EAT calls?
people dont get that china loves evs and hates ICEV, china market is huge and just starting
Going long on PLTR
Less than 30 min
Sounds like you belong with the coastal elites. You might be too smart for your state
I see it tough to assume money can keep piling in at the rate it has been.  Investors are already likely running out of capital.  Total market cap to GDP ratio is at all time high, recently surpassing record set before dot com bubble burst.  Can't go on forever.
20 minutes
Oh the 2 19C 5/21/21 is for IPOB
Why dont retard realize NIO earning is priced in 3 month of relentless stock price increase. NIO just like Tesla tanks during every earning.
My opinion is that betting against the economy can give u an enormous return. You can easily 4x your returns with a good bet
not if you're trying to swing trade, but if you're gonna hold for 3+ years, yes
[deleted]
Do you take pfizer, moderna J&J vaccine cocktail all together? What if the vaccine gives you cancer in 10 years?
Looks like these weekly 65C are going into the money YEAAAA
sell at open.
[deleted]
https://m.investing.com

Click on indices futures
If you don’t pull out before 1 yr you don’t need a condom
Put a third of your portfolio in PM shares, another third in AAPL. Then have fun with the rest. Worst comes to worst, you'll still have over two thirds of your principal this time next year.
I own the company started out of high school with a f150 v6 and wheelbarrow
Oh shit when’s the launch
SP500 Nov 14, 2019 = 3096  
SP500 Nov 15, 2020 = 3605

16% gain in the most fucky year in decades. 

Very legal, very cool.
[deleted]
Lol ok gotcha
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/H1flavio the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
crude!!!!!
i am here for the bear cope
Pretty sure bear should be a little concerned at this point
Yep, so about to get lock downed.

That's the risk with the stock, it seemed like the US just wasn't going to care and retail would stay open.

Conflicting news on what's actually going to happen and with the case numbers, seems even Republican areas might need to do it.

Logically their retail network in smaller cities without lockdowns should do them well.

But we are so far beyond that meaning anything.
Sell at open
I heard DMT
well it is, sometimes in the next 10 years lol.
Why?
lol somebody watches Stock Dweebs. they the GOAT
Damn i wish I had more money to buy more calls
I’m trigged too
Considering COVID isn't really an unknown and the fed has the corporate bond market backstopped, yeah not really close to the worst market news even this year
Calls on the SpaceX speaker right now
Sleepy man need strong on China man to look not communist
And my 354...
Oh no, (*good*)
Bear scouts getting fucked hard
Do y’all think it’s necessary wake up at 4 am to buy back my 64 short shares of NIO. Not really experienced with how premarket can fuck you?
[deleted]
msft calls
Same lol I’m f’d
You can interview. It is not difficult unless you are changing right when you are or super frequently. That is how it works on most companies.
investing.com
Investing.com
I’d sell a bunch the second you’re in the green.  Which luckily for you, looks like will happen with futures being green.
we shall see, there is not certainty here either way haha
Sorry to hear about your super death mate
Long cornbread until thanksgiving
Sell fast. Most by Wednesday.
Time machine
Green huh? Oh yeah market don't care about rona/ economy
I know no other way
Agreed
https://m.investing.com
No one cares about that salty 🐻. Biden is pumping us to Mars. Fuck Donny
What am I missing, this looks too good? 2B market cap for a company with exponential growth the last years, with 9.2B revenue and 2.5b PROFIT in 2019? 

Like, either I'm missing something major or everyone thinks this is another LK?
Shut up and go tend to your retarded rabbits
The fucking future bro what do you think?
PLTR next trillion dollar company
Think there’s consensus it won’t be available to general public till April, but made available to the vulnerable in December. They can’t make a billion vaccines in December.
SHOP above 1000 this week?
retard
25c 12/18 🤡
same. I got a 100 11/20 25c's
100% vaccine I’d bet my account on it
sell @ open
With it's crazy volumes, 100% it won't be boring
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have friends in both circles and am in the "big tech" side myself and disagree, even if the pay thing is true. 

FAANG may have more of the biggest celeb tech people, but also has a ton of deadweight

I'd still argue that palantir has a higher average level
[deleted]
Oof
That's the PR (Slang) way. Kissimmee and Deltona are PR. Miami is Cuba. They all have different dialects so whatever works lol.
Is it dropping? I’m not able to see at the moment.
[Scoop: Trump plans last-minute China crackdown](https://www.axios.com/trump-plans-last-minute-china-crackdown-fbac3d03-5901-4abd-822f-2a8956a666ad.html)
buy high sell higher
He knows something! Get your pitchforks and dildos ready
Based on the fact everyone here is buying pltr, probably shouldn’t. But what do I know I’ve got multiple Tesla calls like a true autist
Buy calls then buy a hooker
[deleted]
IMAGINE NOT GOING LONG ON CORN AFTER LAST WEEK 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡

Y’all fuckin hate money 😂 Agriculture is the new tech
Yup Wednesday first, then Thursday as well. Wondering if I’m an idiot and they were hedges since they’re relatively high compared to underlying but not far off the ATH pre-covid (which is why I bought).
Pretty much every fundamental, news (exception being vaccine, but betting high on that now is too forward-looking given a likely long ass rollout), TA looking bearish across the board, plus common sense of where tf is all the money entering the market coming from when people are broke af and begging for a stimulus thats up in the air
Where do you guys go to see futures?
got tsla shares on Friday before the launch today. looking good so far.
A slowdown of the grindup, honestly
How do you think that the battery swap system will work when they are selling 100’s of thousands of vehicles
EV and semi’s for the week 


My plays are SOLO, TSLA, PLUG, NVDA, AMD, TSM, MU

and of course adding to my PLTR position. 


Mark this post
[deleted]
No shit jfc
You cannot buy a short put. It doesn't matter if its a weekly or not. The fact that you said this means you don't know shit. You can ONLY sell short puts by definition
You must be retarded if you think this sub has more than 0.0001% of its shares
Imagine being this pressed over what some retard said to you on a wsb shitpost
Green
Sushi is always a loss leader.

Most of us are doing Pho if we're eating out.

Otherwise it's 2 minute noodles.
Cure for cancer
Yeah, this whole thing is retarded.
[deleted]
bought 135 shares of FB on Friday  at $275-- looking for a near term return to $300 within 1-2 weeks.
I'm gay
nio 70 tomorrow whore
Can’t wait to see retards crying that they missed PLTR going to 30.
Probably not...
Definitely vaccine
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Its over boys, time to pack it in

**URL:** https://redd.it/juwag3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juwag3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/rslashbo, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
boltman02
JG-Goldbricker
rslashbo
Hank-TheSpank-Hill
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
The sub is a bunch of gambling addicts.  If anything skews high iq though not all.  I feel bad for those who don’t have their gambling under control.  

basically the people who are dollar cost averaging and buying ETFs are probably doing the right thing. 

Wsb are degenerates and know it. 

R/investing seems the most sad to me as they carefully try to do fundamental analysis on like large cap US and act like this is important.  If they enjoy it as a hobby fine but most of them aren’t going to have a risk adjusted return about passive.  

Not adjusting risk adjustment is pretty common.
people that bought NIO premarket on friday got fucked so good luck
What is that from on left?
I read that they are having troubles with refrigeration of the vaccine for transportation and delivery. Im not sure what that means but people might be holding out until they can have a guaranteed date of release where distribution is certain
Fellow autist posted about it a few posts down w a link
any idea what they charge you to short the shares? interest rate?
We could open +2% at this rate
So pltr is expected to run like nio eventually ?
Go ahead and bail, we didn't want you on the yacht anyways. <3
So, buy calls?
Customers and demand is not a issue.  The company and numerous analysts did studies on that.  In fact there is so much demand that they cannot build spaceships fast enough to build it and no one company or even multiple companies can meet the demand.

It will be a supply limited business for the next few years.  

The real question is: Can they scale the business?  Can the operate a fleet of spaceships operating worldwide from multiple different spaceports?  Can they scale the business and bring down the cost so now going to space is like going to Cuba?  

On July 15th, the company took on a new CEO.  Micheal Coliglazier from Disney who was president of Disney Parks international.   They hired him so they can scale the business.  

Now they are just one test flight away from full FAA licence to fly passengers to space with Richard Branson being the first one to go followed by numerous Hollywood actors.  The business is there, they just have to execute.
Let's be together.
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-17 00:03:01 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-17%2000:03:01%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gcfwutd/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjtohy5%2Fweekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of%2Fgcfwutd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-17%2000%3A03%3A01%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jtohy5)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Also look for a run up on these: RKT TGT NVDA PLNT TSLA
Reading isn't one of your strong suits I see, but you don't need to read to ~~gamble~~ trade options
Please change flair from shitpost to dd
Notice the NASA astronauts didn’t roll up in a NIO 😂
I live in north bay, 45 mins from SF
I wonder what happens first, me getting laid or vaccine coming out
> Market gunna open green then everything but tech bleeds for the rest of the day
Calls on regeneration, trump took the drug and gave him the drive to be a good president again
Buy high sell low
Stocks soar as states lockdown
threw 30k in nvda calls that expire in 1-2 weeks during the low/climb friday, this is about 80% of my cash because im a retard. was about throwing up with anxiety from all the bearish bullshit yall spewing here. so anyways, how long would you hold these fuckers till? 560/570 weeklies, 540/550 biweeklies
Quite possible. Cost cutting measures usually play well in a company on a death spiral.
I will cum in my own mouth if this happens
damn lmao I thought it was just numbers on a screen
Same
#Why don't you go fuck yourself, Tommy?
Good ol days
Necessary that I wake up at 4 am to buy back my 64 short shares of NIO. Not really experienced with how premarket can fuck you?
Futures not only green its just ripping up. I thought Im making a great decision buying SPY poots at ATH. 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Yes
Bear doesn't give a shit because he doesn't buy weekly puts because there's a reason he's still around at this point
[deleted]
I mean like the actual VIX price going negative. It's /s tho it can't :)
We gape AND bleed a darker green all day long  boy. You ain't a bull
You do realize you posted on Wall Street bets that you probably lost your money gambling with options and now want to claim you are in good company with many smart people who probably also lost their money? Who posts such shit? What did you want to get out of it? A pat on the back? Good job kid?

Think about it for a moment. Your post is 100% pussy. Grade A.
That’s why there’s so many inconsistencies. Scientists are saying December and the chief is saying April. Two very different endpoints. Shouldn’t be pushing the market up.
Haha I just picked some up for the first time in 2 months - smoking, drinking a corona and starting Yellowstone right now. I can live with it.
RemindME! Tomorrow
Mission accomplished?
Miami squeaked past VT this past weekend; thinking GT won’t be so lucky on Saturday after a three week layoff.

Puts on Techs til Academic Bowl season starts...
Prescience Point Research did the same shit with Enphase like 4 months ago (except their accusations were even more severe, of fraud), only be to be discredited and have ENPH bounce back and more than double since then. I think NIO will be fine.
All I’m gon say about the matter is: puts on sale
I’ll be buying the dip
$ROPE
It is TSLA, and now I don’t know how serious you are 🤷
What pass?
Puedo chupar el cromado de un parachoques. Venga a mi toros.
God speed
You saw the unusual volume on Thursday?
!RemindMe 18 hours
[deleted]
[deleted]
Same reason I had bought shares of PLUG and also AMD when it was in the low 20s, even more so with the IV on PLTR and general volatility in the market. When I see something I think can multiple in value several times I'd rather just have the shares and wait it out.

PLTR calls seem like an easy play, but the IV is insane and it's had some wild movements. Too hard for me to know what the ideal time is to buy a call and what the exp should be.
How about a nice pair of shoes?
Well yeah? I’m confused, are you implying I should buy more calls? Lmfao
What is vagina?
Should I dump some cash money in PLTR tomorrow?
I doubt it. But then again the market right now is so volatile that i wouldnt be surprise if it jumped to 1000.

Unless they have some amazing news and some new tech it wont go up
Yes, they’ll all stream the only bit of news happening at that moment.. this’ll mean nothing for the market
I mean it really depends. Early September was a clear bear setup. This week a clear bull one
I can finally nut hard tomorrow and break nut november.
Would 2 weeks count as long term
He has said he can quickly sense whether he wants to invest in an entrepreneur, famously saying he decided to offer funding to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. co-founder Jack Ma because of the twinkle in his eyes.  

-Masayoshi Son

https://www.wsj.com/articles/masayoshi-son-softbank-elliott-management-11605069825
k
Bears in disbelief
All the NIO bears talking about, even if they beat ER they will fall. Buddy... LI straight up had a bad ER and the whole sector rallied. China EV market does not give a fuck. NIO bulls, if we beat ER, it’s guaranteed green. Don’t doubt your vibe
The slightest..😂😎✊🏽
Ill upvote this because of bias, but i doubt it
Big
can't wait to watch these nio calls print tomorrow morning :) bears r fuk #niogang
Should I wake up at 4 am to buy back my 64 short shares of NIO. Not really experienced with how premarket can fuck you?
You don't get to choose what team you're on at google though.
I feel like the autist in the Big Short.

Here's my advice to all the bears in the next two weeks, Just don't fucking dance.

🦉
Schwab
Bear r fuk
Where are the fucking gay bears now? Stop trying to stop us from making tendies 🤡 🐻
I can see it from my place
⬆️ 

Or: vivo en casa con mi familia pero tengo propiedades de renta
psth spac
I feel like the scenario of there being a potential pandemic developing was way more fitting news for a market crash, though... 

Also, companies are still making money? Why should Wall Street worry and sell when there’s still money to be made? Inducing doom, writing puts, selling off to support, and then rocketing a week later to burn those puts is a pretty lucrative business model... especially with the leverage of what’s going on with politics.
Min 15% gap up.
Yall got rec weed, tho, right? Lock downs are way better with a ps4 and a dank OZ
Tendies come to papa.
Imagine driving around in a Li.
Where you see no cruises
[removed]
This sub is going to pump PLTR to 50bn lol, I‘m dping my part wby?
imagine betting against the stock market when interest rates are 0
[deleted]
Not all the ones getting laid off lmao

Which is a fucking lot
So my 357 spy puts are ducked
Example of what not to do. 

Have too much cash and then fomo at open
Shut up and let us have our fun
Not like you cant just call your broker to get access
Optimism.

But that optimism won’t last long before MM decide “hmmm time to take profits” and cause another decent drop
You try to sound smart but I don't think it suits you..
🌈 🐻 DETECTED
In other news, cheap stocks!
Markets are foward looking bro cases in Europe starting to drop, vaccine otw fear of covid isn't as high as last March when it was more unknown
Wish I bought SQ
Halo effect..
100% positive
Slight flex
Yeah this is be I went heavy into puts at close :(
Good luck to you too! Are you nervous too? I've been pacing around all weekend but can't shake the feeling telling me to yolo.
so sell off tomorrow , earnings are premarket tuesday
soros PLTR calls
NIO Mooning after the Citron Report. Shorts lose $1 Billion in One Day.
Fucking boomed me. He’s so good.
Got 100 SPCE weeklies on Friday
nah priced in, we already got a vac with 90% workin

what else do these boomers want?
All in on NIO calls
NET GANG
Bears in shambles
Why ?
Yep just look at the insulin costs in the usa. Fucking beyond immoral
You make 350k per year pouring concrete? Da fuq, where can I sign up
boomers
[deleted]
Trump said April 2021 in his speech so at least there’s somewhat certainty in the markets now. And the Germans made it so you know it’s the real thing
Party like it's 1929
You can only comment in this thread as a reply to a top level comment. Reply here for general votebot discussion, discussion of volunteer moderators and what they're getting wrong, etc. Try to keep it related to votebot and spam content.
I want to sit on a fence post looking at my GME calls
Investing.com has vix down 2% right now
Yea but no one knows exactly with MRNA vaccine news hits, might not even be this week
Wrong, mines green
Hopefully I need NIO to be over 54 by Friday
Isn't it red now?
Bought 500$ worth of PLTR shares for shits and giggles... might have to buy more
Imagine having sold condors lmao 

3k on the line to stay between 44 and 52
i love how theres always 1 or 2 that forgot the memo.

To me this supports that a 100% loss on the market is almost 0%.
Wrong sub. If you really want good advice and not end up mentality unpaired go to r/stocks or r/investing
Get deez make tendies:
AMD GOOG WDAY HOG NET
Without knowing your area this is useless info.

But yes, I got out because regardless of reality widespread lockdowns will kill this stock quick.
Tu es puta? 50 pesos.
Someone here told me best it’s a wily coyote market. Gravity doesn’t apply until you look down. If we got one good bear catalyst we limit down without one keep mooning. Two states locking down (we almost had the whole country do it at one point) just won’t bring sellers.
Only PLTR is more legit.
Sounds like you sold calls and not puts. You make money when the stock goes up if you sell puts
Stupidity is a lack of intelligence, understanding, reason, or wit. It may be innate, assumed or reactive.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stupidity 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
Yep. I get people telling me im just a puppet for wearing a mask in TN. Dude with meth breath thought he had it all figured out. Gonna start spartan kicking anyone close enough when they say anti mask shit anymore
The day that company IPOs I will buy as much as my broke ass can afford
Green holding nicely
I'd actually rather have a slow bleed up to open as a bull than this.
IV is like 20%
🌙
who let the weirdos from r/investing in?
Yup, hence I'm not trusting shit.  Sell as I can and keep the green
What is stupid?
If anyone looks up to Dan Blizerian as a role model you are a moron sir.
I have a pass bro
\*save as wallpaper\*
I wanted to buy one for my brother i didnt know it was gonna be something that sells out like that
Tomorrow is a red dip and then green as f
The pump might be fake but the money you're losing is real
Trump did say they're trying to start vaccinating 20 million people a month starting in December if they can get emergency use authorization for the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines.
[deleted]
It’s 15 bro relax. But yeah it will have a massive run.
drink bleach
Wheres TSLA
What the fuck is a share? Carry your boomer ass to /r/investing, you're stinking up the casino with Ben Gay
Hopefully .:) what are your positions? . Mine are 12/04 277.5 calls.
👍
Mr. Wonderful is actually a cockroach in a flesh suit
It did it last Sunday! Just one more please. This time tomorrow's vaccine news is priced in.
Gonna fomo into calls.  Bought the stonks on Friday
“They’re just pumping it right now to dump at open” I tell myself for the hundredth Sunday as a bear
Market gunna open green then everything but tech bleeds for the rest of the day quote me
am I missing something here or just this stupid?
Google has plenty of world the world's most difficult problems programs. Why do you think they formed alphabet to separate their unprofitable business to solve the big futures problems from their money printing side?

I am glad you like protobuf.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Roulette/Coinflip Strat Nov 16– 20

**URL:** https://redd.it/juw53p
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juw53p) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/pitole1, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Mechengine2
JerJoBanJo
grab_a_smokey
dum_townerino
unique_jelly
Myweedalt
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
Was cash gang this weekend. Not sure what to buy at open
Don't hold through earnings bro ull more than likely get iv crushed
Meh unless you can say it you're better off just leaving it alone entirely
PLTR gang, we're eating W's tomorrow.
Vaccine RESULTS were released, not the vaccine itself. Two completely different things. The cases of Covid are still going up per day with cities being put on advisory lock down. Just because the vaccine has good results, it’s still not physically present. There’s no solid ETA as to when the vaccines will be distributed and given to the general public.
It's a boomer stock, will move a couple of % on good news.
Build a pc, console will die in the coming years. Or the consoles will eventually become pc’s themselves...
https://m.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures
Gonna do the same thing
Covid cured.

Mission accomplished.
MONDAY = MOONDAY always and forever
lol
Think Orwell 1984 with supercomputers using every gov internet asset. In a nutshell.
Fuck no
I only disagreed with the vantage point. The production quality is strong.
Yup. And I'll say that with a straight face, get in now or regret it forever
Futures are up but I only have presents so they aren't moving much, perhaps not at all
You gotta watch it dude.  It was made for our profession
Yup
if they long dated.. u should be ok as long as donnie doesnt burn the place down before he leaves.
Unless the test flight is successful...
was probably just some headline to tank stonks at the time
Been staring at charts for almost an hour now **so much fun!**

decent amount of red candles but they have no volume in them and for every red candle there's another green dildo with double the volume lol, but more importantly none of this matters until 9am tomorrow
Stonks go up
NQ +111 points. That’s cute.  😐
“Bear r fuk lol”
retard don't you know that gay bears always lose? puts on your portfolio
Literally certain
Why this number specifically?
They kept saying they’ll sleep well tonight.. doubt it with these futures LOL
I need PTON to 120 till friday, otherwise I will lose all my money, possible?
**VIX going negative when**
[deleted]
K. Send me pizza money.
[removed]
You must have sat under an apple tree as a kid.
Please let PLTR open under $20. I wanna add more LEAPs. Only 10k in shares
The dems need to destroy what’s left of the economy so they can claim some heroic deed by Biden as the economy’s savior - go ahead downvote me retards.
LOL
Please explain how is my comment racist? Winston is terrible and he is a donkey piece of shit.
Still early.
tienes cara de burro
Woah
What's the cnbc headline tomorrow morning
Put it into an ETF and withdraw it when you retire.
Seems very short for what I wanted to say but okay I’ll go w it
Don't do it , it's at all time highs and it's gunna have to beat big to moon IV will most likely fuck you, play the run up on these eps and take the safe profit
Get ready to be rich.  Everyone here has red lambos
[deleted]
Same. I couldn’t see a reason as to why it’s be green.
You should have bought calls exp date after earnings
COVID is good for the market. Also, Asian Free Trade Agreement.
Took u 27 mins to come up with that response. Sounds like u care.
Imaging being 90% cash lol
earnings hype may push it higher. but there is a lot of panic around it so panic selling is also possible. I think second will happen 🤷🏼‍♂️
You do realize you can’t just fly out to space from anywhere.  You need certain licenses and infrastructure in place to do so.  Spaceport America is the only place in the world you can legally fly tourist to space.  With perhaps the one exception being Russia.

In 2 weeks the company will make history and launch the first human from New Mexico into space.
🌈🐻 bought my puts and paid my car bill
welp once the nio shills are wiped this ER, the PLTR shills will start
Thoughts on Target?
So you are saying bio will be worth 180 billion in 12 months. Cool cool
Reload and try again
Me too. Good luck!!!
You know, I was fairly excited that my Baba Jan calls would make me some solid profit. But now that I've seen more and more posts on WSB about it, they're bound to go to shit.
I mean market is fine. Actual economy not so great especially service and entertainment industries...
It was either a nightmare or an opportunity of a decade.
F
[deleted]
HD calls gonna print.
Garbage post. Ban op.
Are we thinking NIO is green tomorrow?
my 500 shares would ejaculate
I crack myself up
Source
So calls?
Literally makes no sense...
would be the smart thing, but r u gonna miss these gainz?
He color blind
Yes and buy WMT. Goes up on vaccine news and lockdowns.
Yuppp hold equity and retire a happy man.
GUH
Bought SCHW 3/19 60c, am I speshul?
What's funny is if it was blood red, bears could easily have the same conviction (lockdowns) as to why red as bulls are saying green.

Literally no one knows why we go either way but each side acts like they just KNEW  it had to be that way lol.

If any of these reasons guaranteed a direction we'd all be rich as fuck.
Korea too. We get China's shitty air down here and a lot of people wear masks.
It might just happen, considering that Republicans have a (very small) chance of losing the Senate. A bird in the hand might be better than two in the bush.
They say that right before you die, you see a light, and that light is the Architect, who sets the price of SPY every day
Soy joto
Totally legal totally cool pump
Examples?
Please, my hella calls can’t take much more of this.
He just has puts. Pay him no mind lol
"priced in"

not to mention mrna fked a lot of people during the 1st trial...
Some people prefer to work in a more challenging environment solving more novel and interesting problems for customers with real stakes rather than gluing together protobufs from one api to another googleman.
Stfu
Post positions and dates or ban.  FVAC did not give you 10x gains.  Positions with dates or ban
PLTR 20c 11/20
I’m balls deep
[deleted]
I think you mean /r/stocks
[deleted]
still higher than we were mid last week
nio Li xpev up this week???
Suck my ass fucker. Enjoy the green weenie!
[deleted]
1/3 of my savings into NIO calls as soon as market opens. Will sell them before market closes on Tuesday.
ohhhh now i fkin get it

i never selled calls before cause i needed stonks for collateral

but ther was no way i was gonna buy nkla shares to sell sum fkin calls...
nice. word from the street is that their ecommerce is up 6x.  guy manning the drive up counter told me.
Racist
FUTURES UP BIGLY
Yea. I definitely care what strangers on the internet think. Reddit is the place I go to make friends. Idiot
Is there a full video of this to the whole song? Is there a title to this video so I can find it elsewhere? Thanks
Why would you think that when a vaccine which is way more effective than anyone thought possible was just released, with another due for this week..
Upvoting for confirmation bias
Sell tech immediately at open in anticipation of MRNA vaccines fucking all my tech plays once again?
Don’t talk garbage against the great Winston
ding ding ding

Either that, a rate hike (not soon) or a housing crisis
Yessir!
✊️
Guys how do you say in Spanish let’s watch a movie in my parents home theater and yea I can help you with money for your son Javier’s school clothes
God I hope so, I'm on spy calls and zm puts mixed with other shit
PLTR gonna rip faces tomorrow. Cathie and Soros buying that shit. Take me home Karp
Means absolutely nothing. You need to be in Cash to buy the next small dip we will have...
pls donate to my tuition thx
I hope so. My dumbass has 11/20 $45c.

Never again buying something that expensive and so close to expiration.
Welcome...Ban.
No I don’t fren. I have calls.
Let's quit
What’s that snake Ackman up to now?
[removed]
How’s my snap call lookin?
God I hope so
Walmart
[deleted]
[deleted]
Someone hold me and tell me Uber 38 by Friday
I’m not tripping I have calls lol
WA state already locking down. Was one of the first last time and everywhere else probably gonna follow
While your at it go invest in Cuba to
Elon Musk isn't bullish on TESLA. He said the stock is overpriced, but it can grow into it.
Of course it goes with tech
I would venture to say that enthusiastically engaging in activity with 95% probability of abject failure, moreover utter financial self-destruction, is pretty gotdam stupid. But that said, nothing, no not details such as probabilities or facts, will deter me from my quest for WSB god status.
Lol PLTR about to fucking moon
If you buy a stock it’s probably going to go up unless it goes down
I like this community so much better than a lot of my “friends”
brrrrrrrrrrr
Me too and my portfolios literally all in on calls
Bad border patrol at r/investing
we are ripping, but people dont remember last week, we can literally erase all of this shit 30 mins before market opens, has happened before
Wal-Mart will always sell the cheapest shittiest food.
Now you’re getting it
6
Most people in here have maybe like 1k on the line lol.
Baba green this week?
it’s a long term hold vs short term
pump and IV is super high
Bc this thread is starting to learn a few things
Let’s do it
I feel like the "stocks only go up" doesn't apply to most people here who do weeklies
It’s rare to find a long term hold like this so cheap with so much upside
So ZM 450+?
Not if your locked up.... Which assuming your online so your not.... So yes
ACB is a toilet
Could be both ways. 

Either it means JD could be more successful and BABA dips, or both would go up
the white collar folks with stocks are chillin. service industry ppl are hurting bad.
I was notified about the 10 = 1 split then.... never saw my shares again lol fuck robinhood
Palantir
👍
Stock is a buy and hold. China will pump the hell out of NIO since it is known as the TESLA of China. They like good publicity.
So you own all of them pretty much lol
Green then red.
[deleted]
the irony is thick with OP
we're all the lemon dipshit you're fighting each other for scraps while giving inst investors exit points that they had only dreamed of months ago
You're Korean?
🤡
Should I get in first thing in the AM or wait for the market to push it down in the afternoon?
I don't even have options on NIO, just shares, and I'm already pacing around in anticipation of this week.  You guys are wild.
You can claim the loss, but can’t claim it until after 30 days since you closed the position.
https://www.reddit.com/r/dcl/comments/jrvf0u/attention_well_it_may_not_be_announced_but_i_have/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
STONKS only go up, except when they go down.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Consistent 15% investing growth! Strategy that works!!!!!!

**URL:** https://redd.it/juvas0
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juvas0) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ReknballINC, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
jaguarpawww
LifeOG
GodOfThunder101
southcoastgeneral
Realistic-Vast-6013
ExtensionIntention82
ReknballINC
JG-Goldbricker
Kosher_Ninja
throwaway99928376463
Daurs
How come I see more people saying they’re buying shares in PLTR instead of Calls?
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Nah just alerting anyone reading to not fall for your bullshit about morals lmao. We get it you’re racist and I don’t really care since I’m American. I don’t give a fuck what weird things the Chinese do I’m just here to make money off them.
Not really, no.
I would rather see Taysom Hill that that piece of donkey shit Winston in the game. Give the man a chance...
Agreed, the market is optimistic though, why start tanking when the party can keep going? But you can bet a sharp drop when the next major lockdown (aka NY, Cali, Texas, Florida)
lol @ the futures front-running $MRNA news.... ppl don't want to miss out after $PFE last week
Because he bought puts on Friday.
Rip
Am I missing something, CNBC says VIX is down 8% premarket
Mi casa is mommys' casa?
Not gonna lie, I really thought we’d be flat or red.
Thats very florida
ban
Upvoted for username alone
\*\*\*12K March 24-25, don't be jeleous
Lol, I had to.
-11k. Thats all on a car.

I have zero CC debt and a grand in savings.
Futures pumping harder than my wife's boyfriend.
Chewy rocks.  They sent the wrong food  ( a big ass $60 bag of special formula) to us.  When we told them, not only did they ship the right one at no cost, when I asked about returning the wrong bag they said just donate it to the local shelter.
I miss not working while staring at my phone all day
Pretty sure stimulus passes by ol Mitch before. Retail stores getting shutdown again and the grocery stores max out at 25% occupancy. Just the start. They won’t have a choice but to pass it.
We will if we do lockdowns again
M1 is categorized under 'Mac Benchmarks', so you won't see it from 'Processor Benchmarks'. You have to manually compare the scores.
Ya'll ready to watch a rocket launch into space?!? I'm talkin bout Nio
Yo vivo en casa con mi familia pero yo tengo otra casas por rentar
Nah, build short positions and occasionally hedge with calls
VIX dropping like a stone.. Ohhh wait
[deleted]
Imagine realizing part of your retirement relied on the success of Nikola and Zoom.
Since im jacked to the tits in MRNA i approve this message
I feel like rub and tug places are the best bang for your buck. Never been tho
Sarcasm?
Don't be a greedy fuck, lesson learned
Spce green green, get these tendies before it skyrockets to 50. It's a risk, but if the test flight goes well you all will be rich. Spce is the next nio
We really need a semi perm thread for hot stocks here so every other thread isn't a winner. I still like Nio, but I need variation in my internet diet.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What's your next move
Oh I thought I remembered u saying ur in orlando tryna pick up single Puerto Rican moms. And I’m in the exact same situation
Godspeed to the astronauts make america proud!!!
I'd cum.
 

I accept 10,000 shitcoin in exchange.
At this point do we need a stimulus? Like we are kinda chillin rn without one
[deleted]
Perhaps, yet everyone does not believe in this company.  Just for fun ask your friends and family if sending tourist to space will happen in our life time yet alone this winter.
Show me your puts 😂
I'd be more interested to see how fast it goes to zero
“we’re”???? Speak for yourself!
Tell you what, Crsr also had a rough week but ended the week positive. 

&#x200B;

I do rain dance for you to make NIO go up and you do same for me for CRSR ya? 

&#x200B;

Good luck man may we retards live on to Valhalla
[deleted]
I forgot that I hedged $600 in 11/27 UVXY calls with $20 in Wednesday $370c’s so I’m not worried anymore, so let’s get this bread fellow huge dick bulls
And in true S & P fashion they inverse him.
You’d think it was March with no vaccine on the way with how bears are screaming right now lol.
[removed]
It is emphasized in stocks. That’s why we’re near ATH, while unemployment is looking worse than the 1930s.
Why is the IB app such trash
imagine a 41X bagger on shares lmao wtf
Mi padre tiene dinero
It’s fucked that the fed can just pump the market like this but I’m long to the tits so I’m fine lol.
[removed]
I'll be a millionaire.
I hate working and not being able to stare at my phone all day
It ended at like 23.38 on Friday, it's at 24.52 now
I’m hoping Tesla hits 450 this week
Why?
Just bought back in with a modest position after selling the dip (just like warren says). Hope it works out!
Nio 12/4 70c
uh not really

its because shets really voltile and news doesn't come out until before the market opesn in the morning and right after with closes 

with ER reports or just news in general

it can be .6 atm but -.5 in 4 hours

u can pretty much say that the futures is a shet version of a crystal ball
Pfft. I’ll let the poors catch the virus ty
Vivo en una casa pero tengo...
It will really end up three months lol
Incel
69  leaps on Monday
I always went to the HQ in Austin and it is the best on the planet
[deleted]
"The end of the quarter inflation rose to 5%, with a target inflation of 1.9%"
A bit
Got 50 TGT 250 calls expiring 1/15/21
RLFTF, buy it, thank me later
You son of a bitch
U think its gonna go up or what 🤔
It should go up🗣⬆️
Brrrrrrack!
Cases showing positive correlation to financial markets, short vaccine
Vivo en casa y yo poseo propiedades para alquilar
Yes but solo aint sp500 its a borderline pennystock 

Ps i have solo callz
The stock market generally reflects what investors think things will be like in 12-24 months
20% since Nov 15, 2019.
I'm not bearish I swear ong
Wouldnt a K shaped recovery be emphasized by the stock market and recession? 

Big boys pour more money into market, while the poors are dying?
[removed]
How is the fed backing the market?
[removed]
That risk is mis guided.  Yes it exists but is very low.  There is the same amount of risk if not greater if a commercial jet at JFK blowing up .
NOVA is a shroom company literally developing a autism therapy
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [21 Savage x Metro Boomin - G](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IShUzOqBqOk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IShUzOqBqOk)⠀►►⠀ 2:09 / 3:14 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
Stfu
I’m gonna be a millionaire EOW.
which one is this? Im unironically a wsb robinhooder
what are the diamond calls this week?
This guy bears 🐻
Shit head bears in panik mode.
Why do you stupid ass bears exist? Have a bullish portfolio because stocks only go up with the occasional pullback. Hedge for those pullbacks but maintain your bullish outlook. Stop being so gay and hating America. We can all get along and make money together
Hey retard, you can buy a PUT. And they have weekly PUTS. Are you sure you trade options and not extra chromosomes?
I am📈⬆️✅
Kinda but it’s still the best
There’s money the Fed have to the banks that isn’t in the real economy, causing stocks to separate from the economy. A bit more complex than that, but that’s the main point: more money and low rates mean higher prices for assets even if the companies aren’t doing as well as before.
Retarded to go all in baba calls??
:)
I don’t know about puerto ricans specifically is that what’s mostly in Orlando? I fuck with you too buddy
lol hahah california did that shit early part of the year. Was the rest of the country really that stubborn about it?
Alexa, play Glock in My Lap by 21 Savage
Big red..
Michigan goin into 3 week lockdown. Corona stocks to the moon? ZM OSTK etc ?
[deleted]
The year is 2050. Society is full of retired 18 year olds because they invested $200 into Robinhood 401k, which doubles in value every 27.8 hours
You sound salty that you are cash gang tbh...
Tech limit up would save my life
⬆️ and Li too ⬆️
First time?
The most important lesson.
? Where are you seeing that lol
You decide to go play some roulette at the casino. You call up a taxi. “You’re in luck!” the taxi driver says. “I just came from there. There’s a table rigged to always come up black! You’re gonna be rich!” You smile and nod.
As you enter the casino a man with an armful of cash approaches you. “You’re in luck buddy! There’s a table that always comes up black! You’re gonna be so damn rich!” You smile and nod.
You get to the roulette table. The attendant has a nametag that reads ‘Big Jay’. “This is your lucky day.” he whispers to you as he leans in close. “For a short time I’ve rigged this table to always come up black. Just lay your cash down on black and you’ll be rich!” You smile and nod.
“Red” you say with a wink as you lay your cash down and load up on puts again.
You see the confused expression on Big Jay’s face as he spins the wheel. “Black” he calls with a sigh.
“This game is fucking RIGGED!” you shout with fury
If there is one industry I hate is big pharma and healthcare.  They call wallstreet greedy but these fuckers are the real greed.
jerome the'yre locking down, fire up the printers and POMP EET !
Damn guys wtf man
No man that’s hella sus.
[deleted]
U guys act like this is only position, pussies — I got at least a hundred calls in SPCE
That contributed to the dump, but wasn't the main risk for the stock market. Just like how another major lockdown won't come close to putting the market at its March lows, if it does cause a major dip at all
Florida is more open than bear rectums, you can hit the bars here
I was heavy in green square so I was okay
It only cost me $3,497 for $25 strike price! It’s a pretty good deal. But mostly if we do hit that, nothing but money coming our way! I have a good feeling about this play!
Yeah I ‘member
Escorts man
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mostly because money needs to be invested somewhere and the 0.01% Chase offers on their savings accounts isn’t exactly retirement money.
STONKS ONLY GO UP
Worst market news history lol
None of the three are higher than +.93%...?
PRINTER GO BRRRRRRRRRRRRR 🖨🖨🖨
Well recently the market is selective about what information it's willing to acknowledge (silver lining only).  I wouldn't call that forward-looking.
SPY call profits for puts
Hope so they’re FDs lol
Dec would have made sense
Easy money.  Of course the DOW will print $30k this week!!  Can’t wait!!!🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Exactly what you said is exactly why SPCE will take off. 

Most people don’t even believe they can do what they say it is.

Take tourist to space?  Are you kidding me!

No it’s for real and it’s happening this winter.
Vaccine hopes.
[deleted]
If JD posts strong numbers, BABA might go up with it
Idk why this triggers so many people, but its 100% true
Guys how do you say in Spanish I live at home but own rental properties?
NIO green or red on Monday?
How much are the indices now up for the year?
Get 3 free stocks with Webull and waste another year
Looks like a fuck bag holders pattern TBH
Vaccine light at the end of the tunnel being priced in
#🚀
Can I still eat his ass tho
[deleted]
Whatever became of that bill that forced Chinese companies listed on the exchange to turn over their audit information to US in order to still be listed. before Jan 2022?
Always has been 🔫😎
It should. But it won't.
Unrelated, but when you take a shit, do you like, put the shit back in your arsehole just in case some proteins or something got left out? Or is it only me
ah shit s&p futures gap up, rip my calls i guess, no way this keeps climbing into open
Shit, what will it take to bring VIX below 20? It looks like we'll see SPY 400 before we see VIX below 20.
How are we mooning what the shit
Ah an ignorant child!
You think that’s cool? I could turn 100k into to 10k in less than a quarter of that time
Vix green
Look at what is happening in Peru it’s happening all over the world big corporations and shadow governments are takeing over every year a country falls
 
Every year more and more country’s are falling like Peru if this continues we will be the USA will be the last stand

But I’m 99% sure that big corps and shadow gov has taken USA and we will fall like Rome
I'll take CCL dividends like a true autist instead, thank you very much
Futures yes, index no
How is this DD at all? 

Ban
I got 357 spy put expiring monday im going balls deep
Pltr $927 eow
No gay bears allowed
Mmm not good
QQQ would already be well over 300. So consider this 'down' from where it would be.
FAANG needs to breakout this week
Yeah exactly my friends were only getting 2-3k a month but when they needed to buy a condo or car with this money, they needed some type of approval from their parents.
Yup
More lockdowns = more stimi = nasdick 15000 = me big pp
Got a big red bow in my trunk to put on front door and gonna bring Champagne bottle to bring to closing at noon tomorrow
No shit. Your portfolio should be bullish 100% of the time and then you hedge with puts when necessary. Stonks only go up over time, which is quite obvious
Ah a good ole fashion dudes night out.
Usually when it’s this bigly green the market opens red
Because they coordinate until they don't
Forward. 

Thinking.
Happy Cake Day Bhen_dover! Cake Days are a new start, a fresh beginning and a time to pursue new endeavors with new goals. Move forward with confidence and courage. You are a very special person. May today and all of your days be amazing!
NIO calls with 2023 expiry 30 strike
⬆️
Lol I haven’t but I saw a scene on YouTube where he’s writing numbers on a white board and I’m like bro, use excel haha
Green at night....

Don’t panic sell man, shit will sell off at open..if it even holds lol
She do be bad though 😳
It’s E*TRADE screenshot bro
Thats what they said about $jnug then all my shares disappeared and Robinhood kept my $1300
Flair checks out
And?
I have shares in my big boy account, but not playing it in my RH account
I loaded up on 18 $7.5C 12/18
What about the gay part? Still hugely gay?
I hope this makes BABA tank even further. I have RKT and BABA on my Christmas list: I have $10,000 on the sidelines to buy Jan 2022/23 leaps on them. 
Buy leaps, delete RH and check again in a year.
$69 EOD
[deleted]
Because they don’t care about us
Never sell your shares. Covered call and chills.
Chik Fil A, seems like.

&#x200B;

Source: My ass
Wonder what's gunna happen if moderna pulls a pfizer like last week and announces pre- market
[removed]
[deleted]
Don’t let delusion bulls get ya man, based on my experience green at night bear delight
Wtf are shares
It’s been years since I’ve last touched a vagina, and that was when I was being pushed out of it. The nights are getting cold and lonely; my own mother hates me. Women turn away when I talk to them. I walk down the street and all I hear is laughter and “That’s him! That’s the NIO calls guy! What a retard”. I got fired from work when a woman asked me a question and I told her to fuck off. Why do they hate me. I just want one. One coochie. Please.
What does this mean for nio in your opinion?
[removed]
[deleted]
$1 -00
Spy’s finally back to full blown meme territory.
He had puts he’s crying in the locker room shower
You really think you must think whites are superior to be a white supremacist? How uneducated you are MAGtard, but it’s ok I’m not surprised.
It’s pricing exactly what’s happening. Massive inflation and nowhere but US stonks to put your cash
If you know how the game is rigged then why not play accordingly??
Yes this is the level of retardation I’ve been searching for
Can anyone explain to me why stocks don’t coordinate with the economy?
[removed]
I don’t think you can lol people gotta be making shit up
You could've bought ps5 consoles and resold it for more.
The Gretch who stole Christmas 🎄 

#GretchenWhitmer aka #HalfWit
Hey did I say I was gonna do anything? And that’s my anal broom.
You seem to care. I’m sure your portfolio is killing it! 

I have 500k long and the future look good. While you sir in your moms basement I’ll make another 10k tomorrow while working another job. You’re a loser! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
If mango concedes this week and starts handing over the reigns SPY 400 EOW is conservative
Is this week, the week I can finally wear my Dow 30k hat?
Bullish

***Michigan is to ban in-person high school and college, as well as indoor dining for 3 weeks beginning on Wednesday***
"Strat" is a good way to put it cause this is the most half assed strategy I've ever seen
Nasdaq smashed through 12k. Next stop 13k, then 14k and 15k.
the market finds a way i guess
[https://www.schwab.com/resource-center/insights/content/a-primer-on-wash-sales#:\~:text=The%20wash%2Dsale%20rule%20was,or%20after%20the%20sale%20date](https://www.schwab.com/resource-center/insights/content/a-primer-on-wash-sales#:~:text=The%20wash%2Dsale%20rule%20was,or%20after%20the%20sale%20date)).  
You can still end up owing taxes for a fiscal year, even if you're net negative.  


Schwab,

" If you want to sell a security at a loss and buy the same or a substantially identical security within 30 calendar days before or after the sale, the wash-sale rule will kick in.

In such cases you won’t be able to take a loss for that security on your current-year tax return."
May the Schwartz be with you
Ayeee arent u in Orlando picking up single Puerto Rican moms too?? I fuck with u
Lol. At this rate, whats SOLO opening at?
THIS IS WHY I AM HERE
CalPers lost $69 Billion Back in March I hope whoever has their retirement has a second one retirement on the side!
lets goooooo
[deleted]
This game is massively rigged in the Bulls favor
PRINTER GO BRRRRRR
You're out of luck man. Get the money back w/ some calls b4 going into earnings Tuesday....
Can you pour concrete on my driveway
I would agree with you if this was beginning of October but I’ve constantly seen futures dictate where we are going by open 3 weeks in a row
Probably shares maybe $10k to start
That is pretty bad pay. In the Bay Area where they were located that is pretty much what everyone gets paid. The other places are underweighted because they take into account other locations outside the Bay.  Facebook requires you to become senior in a reasonable time or they fire you (promotion every 2 years is reasonable). Google use to do the same thing. So level 5 should be considered the norm.
They’re gunna get fooked real hard by open
Did you like the movie the accountant ?
You might be right
FSR
i've heard the term "new cycle" thrown around. before corona it was "end of the cycle".

If the vaccine works and the economy booms.. would this be a start of a new multi year cycle or just an extension of the previous one?
Fed lowered the IOER rate to 0.05. Looks like banks are trying to shore up reserves even more for a reason...loan delinquencies building up...bulls are fuq over next 1-3 months
Spy 364 C tomorrow expire 
Spy 357 C Wed expire 
Tqqq 148.5 C Friday expire
Futures biggly green. Bears as usual biggly fuk
You just captured the essence of wsb.
Get rich or die trying.
I have 35 SPY 400 leaps and therefore I agree with you.
Suddenly those NIO people are not so crazy after all.
Hey, I sold you some of these calls... Good luck sir
Massive earnings. Way ahead of schedule.    
They would be at 100 except they are doing a stock purchase of that other company.
Alright fellow Michiganders - Time to go back to Prison
Nah they’re not one of those hip new EV companies
Ya know watching this market feels like watching NIO.

Lmfao, but ya love to see it
[deleted]
bro i only have 47$ in my portfolio i lost all thx to TSLA and UVXY
SNAP to the moon please
Dont worry cash gang you have plenty of time to fomo in and get the last few weeks of this rally
Tech has failed its last few pre market rallies but this time it’ll be different. Fuck your puts.
I like the way you think.
Eh, lives of 30 year old traders with Ivy League degrees are more valuable than lives of 82 year old obese people with emphysema.
F
How much did the buildings and planes cost?
25% gap up
Nobody gives a shit.
That’s me in college rn lol
Lmao where do you get your TA from? Back of a cereal box?
And bears are the lemon
so we didnt lockdown and dump huh
Robin Hood crashed on 69/30 of those days.

Good times!!
[deleted]
ty bb
Good advice, thanks
What are you gonna do? Stick a broom up my arse? And I didn't even say the n word lol
Just want my 11/27 ZM calls to be okay 😅
Let’s see im screwed if it happens!! GL!!
Na NIO gonna be 1k a share at open ;)
I have 5 shares so I can get behind this.
Jesus how do you buy so far OTM? If you hit that, fuck were all gonna be rich.
Damn anyone can play with excel and post freakin bar chart. GTFO!
Yeah but if the dog's been neutered then no harm no foul?
The Nasdaq has just reached higher than it’s ever been in the history of this world
Hopefully after PLTR and NIO trades play out I can come back and show you how I squandered all that too
[deleted]
Lol calling me a retard but you don't even understand what short puts are. You cannot buy short puts, the literal definition of a short of that you sell the contract. It does not mean short term put. He literally said he tried every strategy but theta gang which would be covered short calls and cash secured short puts.
I keep worrying I’m going to forget my log in info and then have no way to access my investments 20 years from now
They do look really tasty...
[deleted]
ZM????🗣
BLOODY HELL MY POOTS ARE FOOKED
20k in FVAC rest is cash oh 5k on vix 23 p
I think you’re safe dude
You are running a lemonade stand. Your lemonade costs $1. You offer your customers the ability to pay for the lemonade over the course of five months, at $0.20/month. This increases your accounts receivable balance.

Since you are a cash junkie, you need your money now. You take your $100 accounts receivable balance and sell it to someone for $65 right now, and that counterparty can now collect the $100 from your customers and pocket the $35 difference over the course of the next five months.

It all works great until all of those people stop paying their bills.
muh puts r fuccc
Spy 340 by open
Look at this gap up in futures lol
I can’t wait until next winter to start going out again. I need to pick up single moms. This is bullshit
Bought a put on amazon - praying they drop below $3100 lol
This reminds me of last December when trade war ended with a "phase 1" deal, SPY rallied to $300 and bears said this is the top and all good news is priced in. Then within the next month, we jumped to $339.

If it wasn't for the virus, SPY would have been at $400 already by now and it will get there soon enough. Good news is never priced in.
[deleted]
I’ll downvote you every time you say this dumb shit
Yeah I am thinking turn around Tuesday.  Unloading calls tomorrow
AMAT might move up this week if you’re into weeklies.
Betting against a 14-tril economy poised to be the only one with positive growth and a company that doesn't even a sell in the US.

Good luck redeeming your lottos
Calls on racism I guess
NIO Day on Deck. Then EV Sales Numbers...

It's an ALL-STAR LINEUP....

NIO $250+
[deleted]
You mean organ sales?
Would you shut up man.

*Biden’s voice
We crashed when there was a risk of a large scale credit crash. Major companies weren't sure if they were gonna be able to maintain enough cash to keep operations running. Then the FED stepped in and removed the threat, thus the rapid rally afterwards.
Well I don't think whites are superior and I surely don't think filthy chinese are superior. You must think that everyone thinks like you chinese with your insecurity issues. Nice guess, but try again dumbass. 😂

Side note: you must live on reddit, get a life. 🤦‍♂️
Is TSLA at a reasonable evaluation? Lol.
If you think about it, SPY technically has a lot of room to run, it is just now getting back to where it was pre corona... we pretty much have a years worth of growth to make up for. 

The MA trend line being broken and now holding should show that things are going up!
They drove to the pad in model X. TSLA 🚀🚀🚀
SPY 400 EOD
Until we figure out that biting down on the tart side of the lemon will squeeze out more juice even if it’s unpleasant
Good shit. What are you currently trying holding in your portfolio
TDOC merged with Livongo (monitoring for chronic conditions) so it's not just a telehealth company
Yes! I recently watched Troy and the original Ben Hur. Love me some gladiator movies
SPY 400 EOD
My crackhead self is gonna forget about my Roth in 40 years but investing in VOO and VNQ March. 24 might be  the best decision in my life.
Lolol. Anybody who says they have a 'persona' DEFINITELY doesn't have the right mentality
SPY 400 EOD
I wish I was this retarded
Short the market it’s a 10-20 bagger every day it decides to gap up for no reason
We're all gay, on the inside.
You did good. I'm 100%, you will win
Hey retard, do you understand Tesla is an AI company, and when it gets to where it can be will be “bought” by Space-X?
FLGT. That shit is going to go up 10% tomorrow.
Is it considered gay If I cum in a tranny’s ass while I give her hand?
Unluckily you mean
This...fucking this.
So whats nio gonna do lol
President Donald Trump appeared on Sunday to acknowledge losing the U.S. election but then backtracked and said he concedes "nothing".  
*confused unga bunga*
Look at my posts on Friday. Market is telling you something big on Covid is coming this week.

Load the 2 areas that will explode on the end of covid...

Cruises and airlines...
instead silverstein profitted 10 billion for a shitty abestos filled money pit
How do you know?
Gay
Post the amounts lost or gained and the actual positions (prices bought and sold) or be hugely gay and fraud
AMZN $4000 EOW
Monday im sorry but im a 🌈 🐻
Where are the futes? :o
Here is a good one 
https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/
bUt eLOn
Who’s playing NIO calls through earnings?
Is this one of those shit buffet will buy...

No fun

Give me nio
Their business doesn’t matter when there is <100% short interest and we get a big catalyst. The short interest exists, everyone is just waiting for a catalyst.
As long as they pull the ripcord before they hit the ground they will be good. 

85% of this sub won’t be pulling the ripcord.
So is it gonna be again like last week where they're gonna drop the vaccine news at 8 am just so the nasdaq can shit the bed for the day and fuck my AAPL calls once again?
What happened to Brees?
Ramen is fire
Oh shit I’m famous
NIO
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED
😅
bears r fuk
Pfizer is only one vaccine developer. There are others coming in too. 

Moderna is about to make an announcement very soon and they already said they could do 20 million doses within a month of the approval.
Hahhhahahhahahaha no there will not Mitch ain’t passing shit
Just want to show the wallst guys A guy that pours sidewalks for a living is onto how fucking easy this shit is... I’m still gonna pour Crete cuz I make ~ 350k a year and I like the pride of building shit.
I can tell you for a fact the Japanese will not buy Chinese brand cars so that's one 120MM market that they effectively have zero access to. And yes, I know that 90% of the shit they buy is made in China but the optics of "made in China" and "Chinese brand" are worlds apart here. Not to mention the domestic car manufacturers.
80 year old nirgas don't need tendies they need fucking life support. Old fricks
Imagine thinking the market acts rationally. If Elon Musk takes a high quality shit and people find out, TSLA moons
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stocks and commodities are up, while the dollar is down. That’s actually a common relationship.
I went even higher... 368c
Good
Futs green AF.
[took a hit on zoom last Friday but I’m not worried](https://imgur.com/a/XGtSVDD/)
it doesn’t matter. vaccine is already priced in. getting another won’t change anything
Im going to start telling Remy he’s a bad dog every time he goes up to a big girl.
Lol.  

TSLA and SpaceX have completely separate corporate structures.  

Elon is the only thing they have in common.
Hpv and throat cancer watching the chat in ghost mode like 👀👀👀
Bulls trying to squeeze juice out of a dry lemon at this point
Vix is up like $1.20
Guys im not kidding. I need a 3 bagger. Give me a fucking stonk to  buy.
Aaaaannnnnddd... then super JPOW stepped infront of the red dragon and slaughtered the monster with unlimited green.  
Drago wanna get up??? F-em, JPOW and Congress will step in to bury that red bastard for good.  
Godspeed cash gang losers and poor people with no assets.  You screwed.
I didnt know Dilbert had an animated cartoon
Legacy car companies think old school. I bet the new Hummer is very inefficient like American cars that have low displacement to horsepower.
You think this market cares about reasonable evaluations?
Okay so if it takes $3,000,000,000,000 to ignore 246,000 deaths then the Fed could have prevented 9/11 for only $36 billion
Why
I ate ramen for lunch today instead of my usual sushi. If I had won big I would still eat sushi But I had to eat ramen because I lost my sushi money this week and am now eating ramen.
PSA: shitron.
Going all in on ZM weeklies as soon as we open tomorrow
Hey dumbasses you realize space x is a private company that has no correlation to Tesla stock?
[removed]
A casino in the palm of my hands. I like it.
If the move is to inverse WSB.  We are going to crash hard after this fake pump and lackluster vaccine news coming.
anyone hold wmt calls through earnings
'twas a good week.
You didnt Cash Out your Puts on Friday? 

You do realize ER is on Tuesday RIGHT? 

Adult games = Adult Prizes.
Always feel like I am, but I am often wrong. So I guess it is okay.
Vaccine out. Light at the end of this tunnel. Markets are forward looking. Don’t forget that
thanks
It’s gonna moon because the worse carona gets the faster we get stimulus. There will be stimulus passed by Christmas.
lockdowns were during the rally bruh.

we dumped when batsoup headlines hit the wire
ayo, teledoc kid, i think youre right, but whats catalyst for teledoc? is it guaranteed to go up? isnt telehealth just bolstered right now? people are dirty man, this virus aint changing much
thats what im hoping for.
⢀⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆ ⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠁⠸⣼⡿ ⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠻⠿⠿⠿⠿⠛⠉
SHREK is love, SHREK is life
Google won't even let you run ML on their TPUs if it's for self driving cars or anything else that competes with a Google business. The other cloud hyperscalers theoretically could fill the void... eventually, maybe
I'm dying out here been bleeding for so long
🚀🚀🚀
Done at 11:59pm
Maximus!  Maximus! Maximus!  

Love Gladiator
NKLA
It just demonstrates that people are overcoming their fear of Covid /s
370 just for shits and giggles
$VNZA calls ???? Printing money??? 

Positions or ban
[deleted]
who’s still in CRSR?
up big
Space x moons today, Tsla moons tomrorow
Everyday cuh
The market is way ahead of that, bud.
Market must’ve known I wanted a new Xbox
You’re probably gay
>Top ten retarded plays

yes
Anyone with less than 30 cents in their account is not allowed on WSB 😤
I have NIO. When wsb gives such news its gonna crash like a bitch
We will hit all time highs on the day we hit a million deaths
I would but I’m lazy watching Netflix
😂
[https://www.levels.fyi/?compare=Palantir,Google,Facebook,Microsoft&track=Software%20Engineer#](https://www.levels.fyi/?compare=Palantir,Google,Facebook,Microsoft&track=Software%20Engineer#) 

&#x200B;

Doesn't seem that far off. There's not that much data on PLTR broke down by position.
12k lul. You’re poor as fuck dude. I think you forgot a 0. Should be 100k or shutup.
Ackman can lick my sack, man
Don't forget unknown mortality rate with numbers like 10% being thrown around.
The market does give a shit about a lockdown, although I can't see anything happening till 2021.
My favorite positions are doggie and the fetal position crying
Luckily I’m cash gang
Lol pharma companies are a hassle for me. I dont trust them. They can flop at any time
Nice
It's going to crash.   They will probably file bankruptcy.... better?
bulls really thinking we opening green? lets march them to the slaughter house
Top ten retarded plays
I have puts amd calls so idk 😆
[deleted]
Lol I’m a real trader not an asshole losing money. I write covered calls each week. Sometimes you get called I put and miss a runner. I’d rather make consistent money each week. I know, I know, lots of millionaires on here giving advice.
Puts gonna print monday!
What are the indicators on your chart?
>Sir this is a casino

exactly thats the whole fkn point
So you're telling me that not paper handing my calls on Friday is really gonna pay off? Feels too good to be true lmao
AMC CALLS BBY JOIN ME BRETHREN
This is an amazing comment, I love it
You talk like we aren’t breaking record levels of cases with a vaccine that is still 6 months to a year out lmao and lock downs imminent
BER R FUK
And im just saying someone who does have the right temperament/mentality doesn't refer to themselves as a legend
If you can get a 400k loan your still doing pretty good
Come on HD. Please go up this week
I’ve got drinks 🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼
its q3 man
Happy holidays and moondays. Gonna be greener than the grinches fur bois
Up 3000% just this year. Great time to buy
[deleted]
Lol come back when you have 51k sweetie
The moment we get a vaccine, no one will need computer and the internet anymore.
So buying them made me black?

Dope
6 billion over here man, r/smallstreetbets is that way >>
In donkey's voice
You got it
Should be a crime to post this without the sound.
I can’t understand the accent of anyone who could be flagged with PDT
Reminder to everyone, historical performance doesn't guarantee future performance in the stock market. Just because it crashed in march when we locked down doesn't mean we will crash again. 

&#x200B;

That being said, just because the stock market didn't care about the 2nd wave in the summer doesn't mean it'll ignore this wave. There are a lot of uncertainties in the market right now; how new lockdowns will impact the economy, how the lack of stimulus will impact things. Don't just blindly jump into only 1 position, size your positions.
You know what, I can't argue this, seen it pump so many times only to sell off
Dude, to the market you are a poor person with only 12k.
I remember hearing a story on here about chewy, he said he had to call and cancel a huge order due to his dog passing. he said that chewy refunded everything no problem and said sorry for his loss, a week later he got flowers and a card in the mail from chewy saying they were sorry for his loss....dont bet against chewy.
I bet your also one of those antifa larpers who unironically think America should become a communist country
You have 5 now
If there were no bids at close the day before due to low volume or something, Robinhood will price that at .01, which fucks up the calculation for gains the next day
Where dis u hear this 👀👀
Ahh yes, now that my tech calls expired, tech moons. Love to see it
Always used it for food not meds.
[deleted]
Will reach a high of $17.80
No company is going to use fucking zoom as their work from home standard in the future if they are going 100% remote.

Like you said, why would anywhere use that over something like teams that provides many more useful features for a company?
Average down
90% of Koreans go to escorts. I think I’m cool bro thanks.
Like a retarded swan jacked on coca and dexamethasone.  Kill me ☠️
Lemon fucker lol
futures don’t mean shit
what happened to it? i've been playing recently and its been great and hasnt changed for the worse
Cold War zombies and blood green CHADSDAQ future
What more can a man ask for
Because Newports
Jacked to the tits on 45c I got right at the bottom and haven’t been soft all weekend cuz just like stocks ... only up papi
I don’t speak bar chart. Lines only please
It won't do good.  It's going to shit the bed in the worst way possible.
[deleted]
They are all built by web devs, they could all be just plain old HTML/JS sites 🤷‍♀️
Only for the week after a pop, never know when this thing pops, didn't want to get assigned
🤡12k🤡
Surgery actually caused one of them, the other is a congenital heart disease so nothing I can do about that. It's all good though I manage. I just can't live a super active lifestyle cause I get tired really easily, luckily I'm a natural introvert and my favorite hobbies are easy to do with low energy. They're also not life threatening for the most part with proper management. I think the one thing I miss most is being able to eat as much as I used to lol
Nah probably airlines. They'll moon and then drop again
Hell yes I just finished watching that episode
Ur poor too
Go big or go home i guess
Because Tech can do just about everything better
[removed]
lol
Sorry we decided to put the cut at 12.5k. You are not welcome here anymore.
Sir let me tell you about a little company called WMT
if you arent buying the PTON dips you're not black
Lol come back when you have 50k sweetie
Sir this is a casino
These aren’t weeklies... I’m plenty comfortable with my position
👎👎👎👎👎🇨🇳🇨🇳👎👎👎
Always were brosef
https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/14/exclusive-worlds-largest-hedge-fund-almost-doubles-its-position-in-nio-in-q3/

Well thank god im not the only one who bet on NIO i sank my life savings into nio 🙄🙄🙄
Futures up big on the day we hit another COVID record cuz this is the way
Talks like a trader who trades without leverage. Volatility is the name of the game. Up down up down please just don’t go fucking stagnant.
What???? You mean puts on tech maybe
Tech is the future and until distribution plans for the vaccine are released, tech is gonna lead
New Asian trade agreement would argue otherwise
Buy in companies you believe will be around in 20 years (example: Microsoft) that will continue to grow. Don't get into day trading.
Consider that if you put $14k into Microsoft 5 years ago and never touched it since you'd now have 70k at this point. Assuming a tax rate of 30% at most for you, you'd now have made a profit of $39k.
Lol the institutional investors just got in. We’re at the bear trap.
Because it's looking forward to fucking ur butt
Even oil is green lmao imagine thinking this market is priced based on what’s happening literally right now
wow talk about SHREK!
[deleted]
They let the last one who took them to the 
Super Bowl leave for non-football related reasons. Probably cursed until they do something as a franchise to atone.
Well my puts are fuk
options on futures..? e.g. which ticker?
Because my AAPL shares got called away friday I really hope we gap down 🌈🐻
Especially after SEC applied SSR after market for NIO and XPEV. LMFAO.
If you don't have over 10k in the market can you shut up and let the big boys talk. I have 12k and I'm tired of reading poor persons thoughts
I hate to have to say this, but if you’re trading based on COVID infection numbers you’re a retard.
Aw dude you legit made my day :)
My 364 lottos want to join the circle jerk and say yes.
Cuz tech ain’t going away if we get a vaccine lmao
Cause u got puts...?
“Fuck the cup, pour it in my hand for a dime” was OP ordering 0.004 shares of Amazon.
Bought SPXS calls Friday please happen again 🙏
Facebook messenger(used to be), airbnb, instagram, discord, shopify, uber eats, gyroscope, etc. use react native.

Spotify, Slack, Discord, Skype, etc use electron. 

They are apps not websites.
"VIX" , "Fear", "First government mandaded shutdown"? Any of those ring a bell
Now imagine if this was March 2019 when Tesla was 1 month from bankruptcy.
Yeah I know and I’m so stupid for doing it. I keep expecting that the market will finally react to the grave situation we are dealing with in the US in regards to our economy.
I feel like I’m doing everything right yet I’m still just so bored and disappointed with life. I just wish I knew what I was missing
https://www.axios.com/trump-plans-last-minute-china-crackdown-fbac3d03-5901-4abd-822f-2a8956a666ad.html

>President Trump will enact a series of hardline policies during his final 10 weeks to cement his legacy on China, senior administration officials with direct knowledge of the plans tells Axios.

>Senior administration officials are discussing expanding a Defense Department list of Chinese companies deemed to have ties to the Chinese military.

Hoping this somehow brings NIO to the dirt tomorrow. Got some way OTM lottos
More time to buy more.
370 spy friday call
Futures gonna reach ISS levels like crew dragon
what we thinking ptlr this week
[deleted]
Positions
BOIL kinda makes my dick hard
Nah it wouldn't work. Your pockets have to be empty essentially whenever you enter a building.
Read that as esports
r/investing would jizz their pants at your small ass portfolio and “diversification”. This sub is not for you leave while you still can
ewhhh
thought this market was forwaard looking, why tech still leading when we got a vaccine :(
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nasdiq Future gives me hopes for my amazon calls
There needs to be a WSBrich and WSBpoor
sick non sequitur broham
That was months ago.
JD and BABA for sure.
Lockdown = people have more time = people invest = stock prices go up = whole market go up = gay pow working harder and harder = market ripping green
That’s 3 years from today man.... we should be on a private island in 3 years from now in the Maldives banging our model wife. Ain’t got time for this.
Winnie the Pooh ain't done with Jackie yet
I only got JD calls so I'm actually pretty excited
HIV and HEP C entered the chat
[deleted]
Smile & wave boys
Warzone isn’t even fun anymore. Fucking nerds
Their potential market now opened up to 3 billion people. So, yes.
Moderna vaccine news coming this week. Mark it...

I am also a Tomk...
You mean when a deadly highly contagious virus was spreading unchecked with no real precedent and no vaccine in sight?
Yeah .. its had a few nice plump days but living dangerously w/ news horizon. If lockdown/covid fears are reason would expect to see whole mrkt red given high levels. Just a bit odd. Whole week is a huge risk both sides of covid/noncovid stocks until more is known on FDA timeline.
Hoping this rally holds and I'll sell at open. Feel like their data will be something objectively great like 70% but the market is pricing in an impossible result
A screenshot of a word document with some news headlines. Never seen any better DD
RCL to the moon. Sell at open homie
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/concreteslinger the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Somebody call an ambulance... but not for me 🖕🏼🐻🔫
The coin topped?
[deleted]
Too many new people in here that just don't get it
You're so right
Why??
Your not just retarted for buying into ACB. Your also retarted enough to post a 1k loss on WSB. Got to r/tinybitchbets with this shit
She wasn't even hot
Are you talking calls or shares?
My puts are fucked lol
[deleted]
Hmm vxx calls not looking great rn...
So, stocks went up because they are up? So I am right about 'stonks only go up'. And im not the one who feels the need to chastise someone 3 separate times because they get their fee fees hurt. Talk about mentality lol
What ETF accurately tracks propane and propane accessories??
[deleted]
Obviously bullish.
Well.. More cases means that more people going out and consuming. The market cares only about money.
Shock and awe
What is life without escorts? Got all this cash. Can’t wait for this covid shit to pass and start fucking left and right.
I only have 4 I can't share sorry
Gay
Bump
They had their fun last week. CAT at all time highs.
Yet I can't seem to make any money on these "rotations". It's like one day the market will decide it wants to buy the shit out of retail and boomer stocks and tank tech. Then the next day there's a bunch of red in boomer land and people buying back into tech. Wtf to do
Because I have shares. And 20>>>13
The [big red wave](https://imgur.com/a/RRCQ1zs) Donald Pump was talking about. SPY $300 P 11/30.
Meh I just need a VIX spike which is inevitable with what is currently going. Just like in June. Just like in September.

The economic data has been turning for months now and its only a matter of time before the holdouts like me get laid off and those jobless claims go up.

And the layoffs aren't going to be construction worker Joe. They're going to be people like me that companies have been keeping onboard because they don't want to blow up their knowledgebase (the thing that drives their entire company's value and ability to get work) and figured with numbers improving over the summer, that the economy would have improved much more by now, but it hasn't, and things are about to get a whole lot worse.
My 364 spys actually have a fighting chance 😆 😆
My covered calls were in the dirt that day....
I’m confused what is vix exp and opex?
Holding anything on SPY over weekend is risky AF.
[removed]
What happened in March?
Hope Hindenburg and Citron lose internet so they can’t publish shitty articles
I like it when he does carpool karaoke
If I had 400k to blow on stonks I would give that 400k to a professional and tell them to do their thing so I can retire 10 years earlier.
Yes, gambling our money comes with great risk but doing fuck all until 80 and not risking money in a 0.001% interest account might be considered a bigger risk.

Boys, take these risks now and 4-5 years from today we good. Chartering private jets, club tables, hella pussy, drugs, festivals, Michelin star restaurants. Keep this vision in mind. It’s very real and worth the risk for sure.
Very green futures YES

But for BABA holders....expect it red/flat tomorrow
The US is great at exporting crisis. A major liquidation crash in the US would cause a dollar squeeze in the Eurodollar market and drag the world into hell. Even “strong” EM’s like Russia would be crushed under the weight of a global depression (side effect of being so dependent on commodity values).
id coom
You men 65-75?
Everyday
fucking beautiful
You probably have covid don’t worry about the shirt
My SOLO puts bought EOD friday are absolutely fucked :(
That’s cause you have a Donald wannabe running that state. General population of Oklahoma is dumb as fuck. I’ve got fam down there and anytime I visit and we go places I am stunned by how dumb Oklahomans are. Stay safe out there.
Apparently lockdowns are bullish - europoors mooned for like 7 days straight after they announced new lockdowns..
Don't think u can. I asked this last week here and and got down voted to oblivion. Deleted my comment in embarrassment in the end
covid cases going up is not the only thing happening right now. there are mulitple factors are at play, and the variables with more weight drive the market.
Same
Political views aside, you guys follow reddit news way too much. Yes, covid is a thing. No, markets do not give a fuck. They haven’t for months.
🇨🇳NIO🇨🇳📈🚀🚀🚀🌔
This was when i got into the market. Knowing sweet fuckall...... Did extremely well since then. Now i fancy myself a savvy investor lmfao.
DAYUMMMM that sounds nice, wish my college had that, I’d probably take it on as a minor
PLTR pays crap compared to big tech. Source: I make a crap ton at Google. Low stress, high pay, great benefits. Winning government contracts is not about who is the best. It is about connections/nepotism.
This is the way
Why,?
😂
Cruises cancelled 2021 spy fooked tm
Hopefully after the bears
Imagine betting against a rigged market and being mad about it
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Which of you retards is BigDickTradez

**URL:** https://redd.it/juvnjh
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juvnjh) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Bijan2000, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Bijan2000
DoubleKillGG
northcoastjohnny
RevJohnWesley
MadejustforWSB
just happened oct 23
Bears in disbelief lmao
How are you at blowjobs from 1-10
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Use Fintel
Is it PROIN (phenylpropanolamine)? I've worked in the veterinary field some some time now and ive been long CHWY and IDXX for years. Honestly think it's only a matter of time before Amazon buys out Chewy.
Im calm.
Always
You’re firrreed!
Ber = ⚰️
Puts puts puts puts. This stock is $25
Double blind with independent review board. Morderna probably doesn’t even know the results yet.
We are so completely fucked if there is any stagnation.
COVID bullish
Just subbed to feel better about my little dick energy
Is this record breaking trade deal the Asian nations signed gonna moon NIO?!?!?
Fuq off at least money can fix that you Californian bear. Now go back into hibernation.
RKT going to be bigly green tomorrow because of this SpaceX launch
Cant argue with that
Hindenberg & Citron are taking some thiiick bullcock tomorrow!
by all means load up on calls and shares at ATHs just post the loss porn the next day
I would lose my fucking shit bro
This ^
Lol so funny yet so true
Anyone feel like they are buying at the top
Hang in there
All I heard during the weakened was it was going to crash.
Huh huh NIO go brrr
My B. It’s AMWL
Ahh the good old days. Where tech leads the way
What’s your strategy
Wrong
Funny when someone posts they're gonna buy puts at open. These gay bears totally already have puts and are regretting it
Carnival cancelling more longer itineraries into 2021.  Puts at open
That’s honestly what I think too, but so does the average sensible person. Basically the market does the opposite of what sensible is so I’m fucked. I Shouldn’t have tried to fade a strong trend like this. It is such bullshit though given how bad our economy is right now
Post your account balance then.
If you haven’t gone from $500 to 5k you’ve not lived
 https://twitter.com/MichiganHHS/status/1328114316298641408?s=20 

>Michigan Gov. issued a new emergency order that enacts a three-week pause targeting indoor social gatherings & other group activities in an effort to curb rapidly rising COVID19 infection rates.
Because big brother is profitable
I'm mostly cash. And a good part ZM calls. But that's it
Somewhat competent retard*
Happy for you
jesus, if it did and i got in at 16 id cut everything go home.
I’m so sorry man..I wish nothing but gains for you, can your chronic illnesses be fixed with proper surgery?
Shhh don’t tell him
Decided to login after seeing futures up, and everyone celebrating already. Just remember that we have VIX exp and monthly OPEx this week. Sell the rip, buy the dip, and hedge for a possible VIX explosion at the back end of the week.
Trump actually called WWE concerned about his friend's health when his car blew up with McMahon inside as part of a show.
NIO gonna make so many WSB millionaires
I’m a finance major with a focus in investment science and portfolio management it’s buffet sponsored at Nebraska Omaha
You lost
$400
Wondering the same. Just gonna see how it goes tomorrow I guess.
Why PLTR?
WSB: Omg Futures is mooning!

Futures: This isn't even my final form!
[deleted]
Wow. Good luck buddy.
If ur ugly...

&#x200B;

HAHA THAT SUCKS
ASAN is where it’s at
If you got laid I’d see it as a fair exchange
325
11/20 355P
it orobably will, i wanted calls so bad too :(
Found the bear
should have whipped out your cock and put it on her face and also not apologized
What happened to this place? Retard posting $500 gains acting like he is Warren Buffett
I feel like 95% of the people here should be on r/antstreetbets instead
Tell me why all the world economic forum says there will be a Covid-19: The Great Reset
[deleted]
Im buying puts eod if vaccine announcement comes tomorrow
Futures bigly green = Nio green 📈🤑
Now I’m curious as to what you study, I have a hypothesis that certain studies handle money different ways haha
[deleted]
tesla gonna moon, gah damn
True! I'll hold for a bit :) to the moon!!
A shed gave you blowjobs?
How are you just now discovering chewy?
Yeah retards!!! 

5 350p 11/18
If tuesday's green shit can't go tits  up and even as a long to the dong buy and hold investor, I might have  to take some gains.
Vix doesn’t mean spy can’t fall back to earth when ppl start profit taking at 0930
[removed]
Put the nasdaq moon indian bongo drum song on
You have friends?
Give me some
You and me both
Want to come fix some furniture?
What does QQQ open at?
This will hurt a lot of butthole
[deleted]
Now I remember why I stopped being a gay bear.
Americans are over the pandemic and apparently the market is also... bright green futures 🤷🏻‍♂️
My SPCE weeklies are about to print. Don’t you retards remember what happened last time SpaceX launched?
Another night of futures don't matter 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
yep
Looks around ... whispers ... you know half these jerks actually have real portfolios that they manage with a bit of sense right lol This sub is like IG ... filters and facades with the occasional million plus influencer ... while back on FB they like pics from their god daughters wedding and encourage her to buy appl
Sold his condo in record time on EBay.
You already have puts just admit it
actually no. i feel excitement for the future.
Yea I’ll hold TGT through earnings but am hesitant on BABA and FB. Up on both and have room to run but they could sell off on covid data
TIME TO USE MY INVERSE CARD UNO BITCHHHH
You can on futures
I’ve been buying leaps every apple dip, this choppy shit is rough tho lol
[removed]
Prepare your puts for Nikola, December it's going to be one hell of a dumpster fire
“Most apps” being any that can essentially be a website, which sure for many people is a lot. But there are a lot of iOS/Mac only development teams. My company has a React native app for iOS/android but we’re actually going native swift for a new iOS version of the app (due to various react issues). Because of this it means we don’t need to build a specific macOS too
So did he blow you after or what
So you trust word from Trump's task force over word from the vaccine developers.  Got it.  OWS doesn't have a fking clue how to timeline this; they haven't seen half the info Pfizer and BioNTech have.  They're puppets paid by politicians to sugarcoat every second of this fiasco.
Looks like the bulls are back in town bois!

Big beautiful green futures

Nio🚀🚀🚀 Nvidia🚀🚀

🖕🌈🐻🖕
I should've have own when I saw white people wearing masks at the airport in February.
I’m in Quebec... we’ve been in « lockdown » since october...

2 weeks at first... then let’s make an effort and stop this with an additionnal 2 weeks for a whole month...

Next thing we know... let’s do this another month but we’ll re evaluate after 2 weeks...

Guess what... yep still in lockdown and cases never stopped climbing...

Rona is caught at schools and at work... shit gonna keep going up with winter...

Yeah buisness still run and all but al the restaurants are closed in 90% lf province...
SE gang, where are you at? What are you moves for earnings
Selling calls then buying puts.
Hold, 80% this doesn’t hold, 20% chance of sell off if it does hold.....only one way for it to go from here...320 calling
On 15k volume rofl
The person that made the assumption that market knew something we didn’t based on friday’s movements and put 50k on SPY 360c 11/16 is clinching his ass right now.
shut the fuck up
Piss pills sound like a good time
Ark keeps buying WORK. I might jump into some calls this week too. earnings run-up play. probabky some 30c's for 12/04
Fingers crossed we dont get rocked tomorrow morning.
Too late bro
[deleted]
🤡
FDssssss
factual, it is but its not gonna pop till rates give us the dagger
Was at my friends house and this stupid chick's dog jumped over the couch and landed on me and ripped my shirt and she didn't even apologize. Like fuckin come on man. This is why I prefer to spend my weekends inside with you retards
0
Did you like the news that WMT is carrying pet products on their website now?
Probably much higher as the cases go higher
Stonks!

I will sell GM at open I think 12/18 calls. Hopefully tech booms so I can bail out also. Want to take most of the 12/18 stuff off the table
I hope futures hold green. Walmart is ready to run if indexes pull it through resistance.
You hate me because I’m smart. Pos: Nio 11/20 60c
When are the 49ers buying a real quarterback
what puts did you buy this time ?
How could the market crash Monday when the put call ratio the whole week was over 2.0 on QQQ
ATH in the next two weeks then a September like crash
[deleted]
!remind me 18 hours
You posted it without sound ya knobhead
Me too, wanna hold hands?
Take profits and then buy some 370s 😎
Please hold up til morning futures. Will they hold up?
Bears r fuk
Imagine thinking news drives the markets
[deleted]
Okay need to find a song that talks about lightly petting the pussy or coddling it
Repeat for my Monday Puts?!?
Amen!
Not sure why i feel good about being cash gang rn. Must be because I’m high.
Elon said he would want retail investors to get in on it but we are not sure how that would happen. Maybe if you already have Tesla stock or something? But when asked he did mention us autists.
uwu
I prefer Russell 2000 2000
Weird set-up. Tech driving the surge up but vaccine could file for emergency approval this week. That'll cause a similar spontaneous response as last week.
I bought 20 $365 SPY calls for $5 each. I’m rich
Corona beer
I haven't really. I'm early 30s, so I don't really know any zoomers and I've pretty much been on the doomer lifestyle, esp since I lost my job
it's a telehealth company. amazing growth in the last few years. Great financials and recently merged with Livongo. It's the leader of the telehealth sector, and it's currently down massively from ATH.
I think he's got a really good chance of printing. I may join in if a dip looks right.
Which are the ones to hold for 1-3 years apart from the eV play?
I have 2 chronic illnesses and I always feel overwhelmed but I learn to appreciate the small moments like my cat cuddling with me or a good tv show or a nice stroll around the lake. I'm under 30 and in constant pain/turmoil and it doesn't stop. I was suicidal for like 4ish years before I got it under control I would highly recommend therapy
It will pick and choose the fakest and gayest piece of news and drop on that
Loose, lol, you dumb
Right it’s easily got another 10-20% to shed!
Addicts gonna addict
Record stimulus

I am in Canada and get this, personal incomes went up 10% during this recession, yes, while unemployment skyrocketed, people made more money while unemployed (and still are) than when they had jobs

dont underestimate helicopter money and fed printing
Stock's been sideways since '93. Shit the bed from 2017 until now even before COVID. Look for stuff that was growing before COVID, this stock was already slowly dying. Not to mention life insurance companies are really easy to value, you don't think there are 1000s of actuaries in the finance industry looking at this stock? If it's cheap, it's bc it stinks
This post stinks of OTM calls. Just take your losses OP and stop trying to drag the rest of us down with you.
I was sticking stuff in my ass and now its bleeding. Do I go to the hospital?

 I gotta poop too
Wtf. Lucky you. You must be looking like a chad.
"No mom, I'm not jerking off in my house all day, I'm just a business man doing business staring at a screen"
So if SPY opens 365, what will SPXS open at
Doesn't post sound, jackass
COVID cases go up market goes up. Anyone else see the correlation here ??
If we get above 364 do we sell SPY calls tomorrow?
Yes I have so much to do and I have the time but I am not taking advantage of it. Trying to get back on track now
Are they dropping news in the morning?
I hope NIO is still on sale tomorrow morning 🤑
I’m gonna be able to go to Applebee’s instead of Cracker Barrel if these NIO calls print.
Were you selling weekly covered calls on them for some extra gains?
sell at like 12 and you should be good
Especially this year holding the weekend is risky. Nothing bad happens? Green Monday
I was thinking the same thing
Don’t fight the feeling bruh
Future😍😍🤤
Ooohhh true.
I can’t trust futures anymore. Could be bloody red in a couple of hours
Yeah bro
You had me at piss pills
Wow my puts are so fucked on spy. RIP I can’t catch a break
Lockdowns ain't gonna do shit. Two weeks in a row of increased jobless claims will.
Yeah, because Robinhood is the problem here..
Seriously, that’s what’s stopping me. Pretty sure leap prices are going to suck tomorrow anyway, good you got in
Thats not very retarded of you
As long as there’s no news that could lead to the end of the world over the weekend Spy gaps up $5 every weekend
yus
What? Lol
Your portfolio is extremely diversified, if one ticker that is larger than the others drops substantially it wipes any other gains you may have made firm other tickers. Try focusing on only a few companies and do deep analysis on them
Me too man I’m a sophomore and dropped all my savings 50c 11/20
hahaha you guys never learn, futures are bullshit.
So you're the one holding AAPL back? FFS...
My suggestion would be to leave this sub
[deleted]
Basically work for Ulta.
SpaceX launch in less than an hour: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnChQbxLkkI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnChQbxLkkI)
Futures are as if they meant anything, the coin topped which means market likely to follow
Depends how you smash
Yes, I know. Just hoped the idea of a free market would be preserved
Have you not read the 100 messages below? This place is bullish AF.
What’s NIO doing tomorrow can I retire ?
Flair does not check out
i mean another vaccine announcement is coming out at 830 tm bro count on it lol
Buy buy buy...
is the tik tok deal priced in? lmao
This sub is truly one that never sleeps.
"Stock market rises because end is near you fleshy humans"
Because this DOESN'T MATTER
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Futes blood green, bers fuk
After march 23rd, yea it slowly retraced back and went up
Nah bro. AAPL is gonna print tendies.

I just spent $2,600 in the last 3 weeks on iPhone Pro 12 and the new MacBook with M1 chip. I cant be the only sucker and the holidays are coming. M1 chip is underrated. I ignored the announcement thinking it was same old stuff but nope, that M1 was so awesome I pulled the trigger on new laptop
They're lottery tickets and you can win big.
It's a saying from spongebob.
but you’re a virgin
#LFG
“Futures green on lack of covid response”
Don’t overthink music you want something in the background that’s basically white noise something that isn’t distracting. Candles booze and making her laugh bro. If she into you that will be easy. Watch a movie with her and just play things by ear you got this 👊
Lockdowns + Covid = Transfer of wealth from small business + capital intensive too big tech, software and online commerce that thrive on economies of scale.
Lmfao
Yeah they’re friends. Vince’s wife was the head of the SBA under trump for a while.
US is completely fucked. Have you seen our population below the age of 23?
The logical conclusion is a crash, and that’s how you know it will moon! 🚀
why, whats so good about tdoc
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Same. I use the 3 seashells.
As a fellow poor, that "IF" is a motherfucker.
I'll stand by you.
shimmy aint happening until january my man
Better off doing weeklies. I’ve tried daily on spy and the decay over the course of the day is guh. 

Some high reward though. Made a 5x on the trump tweet about stimmy a few weeks back.
Facts
yes, we'll likely dip after, retest some zones then continue mooning
He literally put it on his back, bulls him learn he was right when it crashes lol
All those recovery stocks are already rock bottom bruh....and the big boys like Wal Mart arent gonna be hurt by more "restrictions" only mom and pop stores.
AAPL 120 EOD
BAN
Anyone just feel overwhelmed in life
[deleted]
covidtown pub
Red
the catalyst will be the fed trying to exit from the market
I used to see a Peruvian single mom. I’d come over every Sunday, fix stuff around the house and shed give me a blowjob. Good times
Calls?
But vix isnt mooning alongside futures so yes and no
Spare a thought for those poor fools bragging about how they’re 90% cash
Sweet my 360s going to be itm sell at open or we go to 365? Lol
If only
Yeah like looking at pre market s&p, NASDAQ is pointless when you're all in on nio, xpev & pltr
its not b, sorry
What an amazing fucking comment lol
Trump had a match at wrestlemania before and has known Vince a very long time
>Edit: Whoever you are, you are amazing. My goodness. 🙌🏻

My 1st award!!  Thank youuuu
The richest 10% control 90% of the stock market. They give no fucks about that shit.
blowoff top inc this week
Yeah, sorry, but most apps are made with cross platform tools like react native and electron. They run like dogshit but it mostly works fine and is a lot easier than supporting separate UI for Windows/Mac/Linux/Android/Web/iOS
You know when your Uber driver is telling you to yolo Nio calls and then when your see your grandma (at the nursing home) for the first time in six months she  confirms Nio calls gonna print...
the dow is cold
I picked up a 1/21/22 300c on Thursday. Seems so easy that I will probably lose.
Look at Washington’s new restrictions and tell me that isn’t a lockdown.
I turned a bunch of 365c into 365/366c on Friday because I'm apparently a little bitch
Not sure about that. One thing I don't get is that company's left and right are posting record sales. From cars, real estate, retail, tech. It seems the most fucked ppl never contributed to the big corps bottom line.
[removed]
Because these restrictions are largely symbolic. Wall Street doesn't care if some turd in Washington State has to do carryout for his Shawarma.
From your lips to god’s ears
We can start a **healthy FastFood** joint with different salads, pasta and bread. billion dollar valuation.

Regrets are for the LAZY. ACT NOW.
Everyone says it will crash, so it will moon! 🚀
It's fine, at this rate we get a $2T bailout any time something bad happens so why worry?
Thanks
I love the company, but it might be late to add more options this week. Honestly, selling strangles or broken butterflies might be the way.

Edit: Might sound boomerish, but shares/covered calls might also be the way.
Fuck off, no need to be an asshole
Whats your move?
The flight will imitate my NIO gainz rocketing
Nio already mooned, it went back to earth thanks to Mr citrusfuck to refuel, now we going to mars
3 weeks at a time is their standard extension length. If you recall from March - June it was always "lockdowns extended for 3 weeks". Just long enough to feel close but also just long enough to re-evaluate and extend again
Also thanks to global warming large untapped resources
open red, aths by EOD. Bears never learn
there is no ticker AWML. what do you mean?
U sound like such a pussy. This comment is not doing you any favours.




1) Deposit $285 more to have access to margins.

1.5) Keep depositing.

2) Charge your phone.

3) Keeps buying shares (be a little more selective).

4) Never come back here.

5) Profit.
Tomorrow like Sept 2nd peaks
I think everybody’s first portfolio looked similar ... a bunch of crap lol 

You won’t see any gains spread this thin. Put your big boy pants on and throw some real money at 3-4 stocks you believe in 

Or start yoloing options like these guys and be homeless or wealthy in 5 days
Yeah that's fair. I'm probably gonna buy some this week and then wait to see how everything is coming along.
bulls delight
[removed]
[deleted]
Vaccine is bad for tech
Cuz restaurants are nothing to the actual economy and public companies
what?
My next child’s name will be nio
💯
I feel like an idiot for not only not getting leverage but also having 2% in cash
Can’t complain I got a bunch of Spy calls for Monday. But it’s not like we’ve been crushing things as of late. Moderna must have some kind of monster dick of a vaccine.
small cap just got shit on, noooooooo, i have 80k in cash on sidelines that belong in tech calls :(((( whyyyyy da market gotta shake so hard
Prob roun tree fiddy
Everyone here posting things about lockdown hoping to crash the market are 🤡.... markets mooned last time during lockdown
i dunno if right now is the time for buying for long term holding lol

shits bubbled up like mad
Tell me more about these tax loopholes pls
Trump follows vince McMahon of wwe on twitter
Buying Vix at low 20s = free money
Got 35 of the same contract. Hopefully we good
Everyone predicts a stock going down after a short says so lol.
Lmao F
Sir, this is a WSB subreddit
Can’t wait to hang out a nice restaurant bars again
bear gtfo
Because of the little man who doesn’t have any investments but lives pay check to pay check
Michael definitely bought high and sold low
Cause despite ath, small business and lower income people still need help.
Red by 0930
You can’t any more you have to pay taxes on land 
Almost all land In USA is privet property and you can go to jail for trespassing 
There’s no where to go without big government to control you unless your Amish
Not a long time. Essential business won't cease, ergo publicly traded businesses will do just fine.

I think the bubble pops eventually but COVID won't be the catalyst.
Oregon, for one
We gonna gap up 25% premarket
If you went long your celebrating wayyyyy to early
Watch futures rip in about T-59 mins

TSLA 🚀🚀🚀
Is a useful way to make money buy dangerous any move against you gonna wipe you hard
same
Oh yea. Definitely. I am probably the one saying that drunk guy is going to hurt them self while everyone else is egging him on. Kind of like here right?
Stonewall Bar Orlando
👀
Nice callback
Bruh market is your job now. Get that unemployment and feast on the delicious tendies of bullish coronavirus news. All while enjoying 0% income tax in the great state of Washington
I don’t disagree. But it seems silly to lose money just because you want to be ‘right’
⢀⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆ ⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠁⠸⣼⡿ ⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠻⠿⠿⠿⠿⠛⠉
Your poots are fuk
Can’t wait to see how this turns out. Big ballz either way.
Doesn’t fucking matter futures just moon
Blood. Ass. Green
Whats a good $ZM lotto?
No fear 🐂🐂🐂
And futures up over a fucking point.....
Damn dude I’m only 50% red on my meme weed stocks. Thanks for that.
It will!
TECH PUMPING! PLTR TO 100 TOMORROW!
> (50% gain in six weeks is a little nuts)


lol paper hands
Shhhhh, ya hear that? Thats the sound of my puts being murdered
Where can you see individual stocks for futures?
Google is a weird fucking company. Also in retrospect their competitors in the cloud business likely wouldn't be supporting them by buying up these TPUs. They would likely just make their own specialty hardware. AWS already has this with inferential or whatever the fuck it is, but that's just for inference. Point is, if google can do it then it's likely Amazon and Microsoft could also end up doing it.
Lmao imagine going short
But it’s not a pump and dump, it’s a pump and pump
Limiting Olive Garden to 25% capacity and closing at 10 instead of 11 isn’t a lockdown.
It's almost like the richest people in the world don't fucking care about covid.
Anybody watching the NASA/SpaceX launch tonight? It's in about an hour, and should be visible for a lot of the east coast.
[deleted]
Futures are soaring.  It’s really a sight to behold
at this point i think people would rather die from the virus than hear this fear mongering about it 8 months in
Green at night...
lmaoooooo
Lol my spy 365 c might print
Why does the market love Mondays so much?
💯 this shit is gonna get rejected so hard
hopefully not a repeat of last Monday or my calls are super fucked
honestly is anyone surprised?
Fantastic
Thanks buddy. Lots of Spanish single moms in area the apparently. That’s my speciality.
You finna get  fucked mate
End of the week. Pfizer will apply for the EUA. Which just announcing them doing so will push the market up again. But I forsee red until then. Due to the lock down fears.
tech run markets u fuk
Why did this post make you turn on Brokeback Mountain?
https://twitter.com/wxyzdetroit/status/1328114068620767232?s=21
Stimulus is not coming. If the market blows ATH out of the water why would we need stimmy? Make no sense
WTF is this shiet. Can I get a crash tomorrow so I can buy the dip?
i mean its already ripped so hard bro, the upside is in the reopening plays g
What’s it like being an autistic prodigy
Yup
Shrek dick on the menu
ufff looking good (thanks for sharing)
Buying poots at open if this stays up until then. Ez money
This guy didn't buy calls
its up the highest percent
it also means big business makes less sales which means they lay people off rather than hire more, and then shit starts going down the shitter, which is why the fed / gov is scared shitless of a recession right now with debt at ATH, it can spiral down very fast and we saw that in march

this is also why im buying stocks / RE during these times, the fed / gov have no choice but to pump stocks to build consumer confidence
Well, time to get the Dow 30,000 hat back out.
Just saying... Michigan is starting lockdown mesures... no indoor dining, schools closing for 3 weeks...

Wait till they all start doing it and more
Can't wait to dump my shares on some schmuck that's going to FOMO tomorrow morning after buying puts last week.
All in on PLTR
🤣🤣😭
Anyone feel like the US is in an inevitable decline? I mean imagine living in a place where even information itself is politicized and each half of the nation and their political parties essentially live in alternate universes of reality.

How the fuck can such a place maintain its position as the world superpower in terms of economy and technology?
Go PLTR GO!
I noticed this is the second time Boris Johnson was exposed to COVID and the futures went up. Happened a few months ago too. Might be something there.
No! Short dated calls!! Lolol
Whole foods is not that great. Too overpriced and niche. I think they realize this expanding their whole 365 brand but it will never be a one stop shop
Literally everything is bullish at this point. Market has been consolidating for months, we have a vaccine and more big news to come, covid is priced in , only way is up from here
Yea don’t worry they’ll be much higher come morning
Anyone know any good bars in the Orlando area
China stonks fuckin ripping this week.
Cuz COVID is good for the market. We’ve been saying this for awhile now.
Bulls r gay and will downvote anything.
go ahead and buy up all the shit you want with spx over 3600.  just let me know what happens afterward.
positions?
Lol man I love you
Well if u havent realized that that shit is irellevant to the market right now then.....
[deleted]
Anyone else missing futures data?

Investing doesn’t seem to be showing NIO. 😏
[deleted]
Good luck man hope you like it
So if you know that, wouldn’t you just buy calls?
Were you under a rock last Friday when the corona task force announced this in a press conference.

>Roughly 20 million people could be vaccinated against the coronavirus in December, Moncef Slaoui, co-lead of Operation Warp Speed Friday. He added Americans can expect that about 25 to 30 million people could be vaccinated each month afterward.

https://www.politico.com/news/2020/11/13/trump-covid-vaccine-december-436481
You got butthurt enough by my truthful comments to go through my history? 😂
Time to FOMO my last bit of dry powder
testing support at 325. I would buy leaps and sell when the next vaccine news vaccine comes out and makes the stock drop another 15%.
Not even 30 mins into future opening and people counting their gains..
Learning how to copy a dumb monkey on how to lose money with options just causes you to be a dumb monkey. Just knowing a few things about stocks and options is like saying you know a few things about addition and subtraction and that makes you quite wise about math.
did he actually?
Only buy if you are a Microsoft Surface Line fan. Or else wait for second gen. I have always been an early adopter of Surfaces.
MARKET IS FWD THINKING

BuT LoCkdOwnS 🥴🥴🥴 

Fuk yo puts
Do you not remember the market mooning when we were lockdown a few months ago?
whatever is happening is good for the NIO puts I sold EOD Friday
I go both ways and I did not think it would be this rippin.
Yeah, apparently the 'more' part is 'stonks only go up'
62!
Fad stock that ran up 50% in six weeks.
very prudent indeed
Check out AWML. Sold off 18% on Friday. Another telemedicine company. Could be due for a huge comeback this week
Lol HYLN:( I just hope we stop dumping
You really think pltr has that much potential to go to the moon?
Lots of smart people have gambling addictions. You get my point. Retarted!=dumb
Restrictions not lockdowns
Wow I feel so much better about my 60k loss now lol award given
***tgt gang***
Why?
Futures too low imo. We have stimmy and multiple vaccines coming.
if they are trades take profits, but if its long term holds, y u asking
Buying zoom puts bc it ruined his life
[deleted]
If these numbers hold, the Dow will open at an all-time high tomorrow. Nothing to see here. Move along.
I feel like moderna will be at best the same as the pfizer vaccine. If it were going to be a huge success I'd expect trump to have at least alluded to it on his Friday presser he's so desperate for good news right now
Already down -28%
how have you autists not realized that chaos, cases spiking, grim shit, etc. = stonks go up?
If we are up a good bit at open yea I expect profit taking
368 bro lol!
Even resident bears were bullish on the technicals and everything else going into this weekend. If you went short you done fucked up
I hope PLTR waits for me 😢
Bears are on their knees praying for our very real and not gay economy to fail
brrrrr
Yea I’m sure robinhood was the problem
Remindme! 3 days
🌈🐻here. Nice & ez. No worries. Never have. Still feelin’ fine. GL, M8!
Nigga
You voted for it and did nothing about it.
🍉 + 🍑 = freshly buildt silos
Its good
Like before friday would be nice
Hey MMs I’ll make your job easy tonight, no need to scroll..92% of this sub has way otm calls and think they’re rich. Do your job and ensure they don’t make a dollar, you have no power if all these autist bulls are millionaires, need a swift rug pull to bring them back to earth
NIO $100 tomorrow
The problem is if the moderna results aren't like "105% effective, everyone can receive it by next week" market will fall off a cliff.
Stop typing like that or I’m going to have to bend you over and rail you
Priced in u fuk. Markets are forward thinking
😂😂 you getting roasted on here. I get it though man, you made the ps5 money from Sony. Good on you, gains r gains.
How many months?
lol owning shares
Guys I’m moving to Orlando tomorrow
Yeah it has all the making of a sell the news event.
ASX broken
Which states are locking down?
Who cares, I still drank Bells IPA alone indoors anyways
beriberi sounds delicious but it actually means you're starving to death

total misnomer
Jeffrey Amazon ruined Whole Foods
Stop it shrek stop it. Muh butt
So, Ark keeps buying every single dip in tdoc. I am going all in on calls this week
last week we were gonna rally fucking hard to the goddam moon until vaccine news fucked us. time for tech to shine again AAPL 124 eod 🚀🚀🚀🟩🟩🟩🚀🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🚀🚀🚀🚀
SE will be 200+ end of week. It’ll form a base from there and just be a beast in the coming years
Small business not listed on exchanges, high unemployment means higher supply to lower starting wages for big Corp, no stimulus means ppl will need to take any work. GM for big Corp increases.
Been thinking about watching it
Haven't seen it this green in a long while.
big tech going sideways lately
No, he has a contact that's positive but he's fine
AI writes WAY more than people realize .
The highest score is by AMD Ryzen 7 5800X 3.8 GHz (8 cores). What the fuck there is no M1 in benchmarks?
You still there Nikola
bruh I started cooking dinner and futes didn't even give me a chance to buy a few /ES calls

This open is a bit much lmao
235 b4 300
You’re clearly the dumbest motherfucker on here. Please tell me you don’t trade actual money. 

$10 fairly valued (I got called out at $10 with options)

$15 overvalued (50% gain in six weeks is a little nuts)

Anyway you’re a fucking retard.
Investing.com, or the app
Uhh how the FUCK are futures up with several states reinstating lockdowns
That’s definitely your prerogative....but you’re missing out big time
Please let PLTR and TDOC be very green tomorrow so I can pyramid more puts
[deleted]
youre retarded

stop typing
Market loves lockdowns!
Lol record cases and before long record deaths, trump planning a coup, and Asian countries signing a free trade deal, yet our market is up 1% 20min into the open. 

Gotta love AMERICA!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I would laugh myself silly if the only red stock on Nasdaq tomorrow is NIO. That will make my TSLA gains that much sweeter.
Those are boomer companies that dont pay that fat silicon valley stack to attract the best nerds. If you've ever worked in government you'd realize that they don't stand a chance.
I'm new to stonks but why couldn't you have just bought some Microsoft or Apple stocks and just let that shit sit there?
Yes please be green. I bought in at 48 and needs to be 57.56 for break even. 1/15/2021. I think I fucked up. Please Nov 17 bring it back up.. Also I'm retarded..
[removed]
Amazon ATH by 11/20 I’d cum buckets
i be saying the actual word all the time, how havent i gotten banned lol
Here in shambles reporting for duty sir.
Fuck” trial of the Chicago seven”

Is actually a good movie nice 👍
He didn’t mean that he actually did research, it just happened to be WSB names and went REEEEEE
Fuck, I forgot the bunker.
"Mommy, I heard you used to have an animal called a bear?"

"Yes son, they went extinct due to sheer stupidity."
Whole foods > HEB
[deleted]
There
Markets are forward looking fuck the rona
Too little imo
Would love to see all the bull tears from that
Futures ripping bcoz Moderna results expected tomo and investors dont want to miss out like last week pfizer pump.
“Open at ATH....bulls will never learn.” You’re a special type of 🐻
[removed]
Shhh 🤫 don’t tell the retards let them loose it all on calls
so do we take profits tomorrow?

i took some on friday and then watched it moon further, so dunno what to do tomorrow
Damn you right
Not sure tbh
Why u gotta do me like that bro
We’re Shrek Green!
Well Michigan is shutting down now
Charging the way?
its cold as a mofo out here, aint noone eating in the brick
Holding calls here
I keep forgetting this... And it keeps biting me in the ass.
because this market makes absolutely no fucking sense
[deleted]
Somebody put on muzzle on Citron dude before we open
There will be multiple 🍆 in  Andrew Left's ass tomorrow if he didn't cover his shorts already on Friday. He will learn the hard way why he should not mess with NIO herd
Baba leaps seems like prudent play
NIO better be at 50 by 9am 😩😩😩
Boris got Covid again! Europoors selling hard today
Long huya
Gahhhh... there goes my job again. -_-
^^^ wouldnt have puts any way.
Lol @ the nio premarket party.  I don’t have any so my prediction is they’re going down.  Max pain at 27.
Michigan bros, we are getting cucked
I could have one if I wanted, but I can only talk about so much. I don’t recommend anything to my mom anymore cuz she doesn’t listen.  I recommended she doesn’t visit my brother twice a week because he doesn’t take the corona seriously.  It’s recommended to not have gatherings of 10 people or more.  So my brother thinks it’s safe to hang out with 9 of his buddies at a time without wearing a mask. He does this on a daily basis. First, he is an idiot that thinks he is safe for not gathering as a group of 10 or more. Second, he is an moron cuz he doesn’t realize he makes the 10th person.  He is basically the corona version of WSB.  A true autist of yoloing the virus.
Godspeed retard
I been holding AMAT stock since $15 and its over $70 now.

Sometimes I sell shit early but there's definitely times people hold through a pump.
Futures spooky green
$HON looks like it's poised to drop. 

$ACN had some unusual options activity last week with some autist making a single $700k order on puts expiring on this upcoming friday. The technicals line up and it also looks like it's poised to drop. 

$ADI looks like it's technically poised to drop as well. 

$ADM is in the top range of a descending triangle.
Finally someone with some sense these bulls are fucking retarded, not sure how hey haven’t lost it all already. Triple top on spy = 320 by eom
Wow baby. Can I borrow 100 lol
BRRRRRRRR 🖨
SPY must DIE
Like if you’re tired if being a baggot fear
Fr... hopefully things change between now and then
Nah they're down off last week's highs still. I got plenty of hopium juice in the tank
Don't bring a knife to a gun fight

Don't bring a gun to a printer fight
prolly tbh, get those gains and get out, we will quadruple top
We’re on the verge of Armageddon and stocks go up.  Well okay I’ll take the money ! 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
Already up 100% tomorrow guaranteed
yeah thing is i have to do it on spy if i don’t wanna do it on friday
Arm Leg Leg Arm Head
I tought I was alone thinking this
Every Monday rips for the past two months. PPT kick it into high gear on Sunday evening’s to pump futures. Market is manipulated, but you might as well make money off of it.
Moderna pump tomorrow morning probably.
Omg this pump is beyond what I imagined, I really needed this after last week
Someone's triggered
Lockdown priced in 🤡
BAN BAN BAN
So if it's that easy, and there's so much profit for Google to make, why haven't they done it?
Let’s beat it up 👊🏽
Last Sunday futures mooned all night then went up to 3% by open on vaccine news
Nasdaq hasn’t done shit for months. Still below August. Time to play catch-up. Boomers and bears R fuk.
365 lotto calls were up already 330% on Friday close (bought in at .04) and have more 😎

Am I winnning son ?
If you’re a bear, can you just tell me why?
it wont, we have a vaccine now
So HEB won over wegmans for best grocery store this year. Never been but lived next to a wegmans in northern Virginia and it was amazing. Wegmans wins almost every year
Ho Lee Fuk, Weekend Dow is mooning!
Well boys my 355p 11/16 is crying currently
It’s going to be itm within an hour
Bears brought puts to a printer fight
Like, I just wish I could gamble on an event and not on how the market would react to it.

Bulls when they said in May 'cases are going down, we'll be fine' - wrong

Bulls when they said in September 'cases are just going up because of testing, hospitalizations and deaths are fine' - wrong

Bulls when they said last week 'oh its getting worse, but nobody will be willing to lock down' - wrong

But they just chose up anyways so they are the ones that make the money
bullish
Way too much euphoria around here
and NIO
Could go up, could also go down
This just means we’re opening red. 😱
GMC Sierra 1998. 0-60 in 14.6 seconds factory condition. Mine is at 300k miles and shakes VIOLENTLY past 70 Mph. 0 to 60 in 10 would be amazing for me..
Found the FOMO bear
[deleted]
Green by open, red end of week
Prob the same as what it closes at
Lg oled 65, feels good man.
Bahahahahaha!
[deleted]
does ur mom know ur gey?
[deleted]
[removed]
MICHIGAN WILL BAN IN-PERSON HIGH SCHOOL, COLLEGE, INDOOR DINING FOR THREE WEEKS STARTING WEDNESDAY - STATE ORDER - RTRS
Stonks only go up r-tard
GRED
Can’t wait to see market crash tomorrow to say loud FUTURES DON’T MATTERS
Anyone buying at these prices deserves to lose it all. I wouldn’t buy calls on spy rn if my life depended on it. Shit is beyond fantasy land
I'm going to be carving my Thanksgiving turkey with SPY @ 385 AND ZM@550 LOL
If anyone needs a hail marry, look into TGT calls
currently have a $18 call expiration  April 16. up 26.85% only gonna get better
oil baby!
Nio and zoom? Sure, TINA

NKLA? AIABA

Anything Is A Better Alternative
I bet you’re fun at parties
Every time I check futures it’s up even more
Whats BABA opening at
Russia little to no national debt they can pay of the national debt any day they want

They hoard tones of gold and precious metals if they choose to they can go to a gold standard and would be ultra stable.

Last 10 years they have bought tons of precious metals

They don’t have a shadow government you know who is in charge and they are stable government 

Population of Russia has low civilian debt compared to USA 

I think the Socialist have won the Cold War the general populous just does not know
did i win the lottery? [spy calls](https://gyazo.com/1599b811919750f0808cbd49d6cfe029)
[deleted]
Wonderful. I have less friends than I did two years ago
Rosetta should help in most cases. Some dev stuff is a little more unpredictable though (Docker for Mac)

Also remember that now these Macs have access to iOS apps which can run like full screen native apps. So now companies have more incentive to develop in swift and get the iOS/Mac user base then developing for Android and Windows separately
open green at ATHs, rug pull by EOD.  Bulls never learn
Someones getting a lil worried
Gambling addiction != stupidity. That said the average person on wsb is, in fact, a retard.
So what ended up happening? NIO got shorted by Citron might want to be careful.
Volatile af
What was that?  I'm sorry, I just finished letting your Mom blow me.  Did you say something?
Lost some money on puts Friday after winning with them on Tuesday. Nio got my back rest of the week, but fucked me on Friday. Let’s hope NIO BABA and HYLN pull thru
What’s happening here is the transfer of wealth from small business that are run inefficiently and capital intensive to asset-light businesses that thrive on economies of scale - those of which are listed on $QQQ
As long as AmZn green im good
HOW DO I GET SOMEONE ON ONLYFANS TO FUCK ME?

IM UGLY AS FUCK W. SMOL PP

go all in on 0DTE puts?
spy higher than tech in 30 minutes! LFGO airlines and reopening plays, look at the trend they obv the trade rn
VIX is not really crashing though
?
Nio has the better name
[deleted]
That guy owes me a new fucking text book!
serious question is it not? note, I am currently holding futures so whatever but I'm curious
Just fear of a nuclear war everyday with Russia, but the 80s ruled otherwise
Switched all my boomer money from tech to small caps on October 6th, wish I’d done it about a month sooner.
Honestly one of the worse companies around. Good luck for your sake
Maybe but I think DOW is gonna get clapped
🤔but bears don’t win
Futures are up while we have the most coronavirus cases ever . What in the hell
Loaded up on 12/4 16.5c and 5/21/21 19c I guess we’ll find out
It’s a bull market sonny. Fütes know this.
Momma look, I made it  to Forbes
So AAPL 120 or 119.99 at open?
Late to the party, but exactly this. It is infeasible to raise interest rates with this much debt to service (pay interest on) without raising taxes, which wouldn't fly in a depression. 25% of gov't budgets to service debt is just insane.
>I had 5000 share of $NIO at an average cost of $1.22  
>  
> Man if I had 5000, I would have sold it for $1.15 and take the profit. 

huh
There is a direct correlation between the number of covid cases and spy. The more cases then the more bigly up spy is. It's not rocket science...

(but I should know better than to buy puts)
[deleted]
Becomes clearer how made up those headlines are even in the more logical times
3.  And I am a bull.
Bears gonna find out the hard way that Trump was bad for markets. Circuit breaker will never happen again
Hard to be a bear when the fed is printing money
I’ve got a decent bit of cash and I admit it is disheartening but at least not as bad as watching your capital get eviscerated by being bear gang
You can give folks super dooper cool awards!
Jerking off more than likely
Printer in 6 months: **PLTrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr**
This isn’t one of those red by open days. Sorry boys.
>SRACW

That means it will have about a 1 billion market cap. So 1/5th the size of SPCE which has much less justification for its cap. If you like SPCE, SRAC or SRACW are a no-brainer. That's after 5 minutes to looking up stuff for me.
reality: 1/3rd of small business on verge of collapse, unemployment about to skyrocket, no stimulus, etc.

stock market: good, fuck'em
[deleted]
No. Many are dumb. The majority. Losing your money is not smart. A smart person would be smart enough to avoid losing it all because they realize they are dumb about this type of trading/investing. A smart person would research more on the odds of it actually working out in a positive manner.
Thanks
Why hasn't the market priced in the great filter
^^^ This cuck HATES money
I was tempted but thank god i didn't
🌈🐻
How do i see those? Sorry, I’m a noob. But have like 30k invested in tech recently. I think they stay high
Yeah hold this shit for the next 5 years and I *might* break even
Well I have puts so
I did see some place that the number one killer in the United States is heart problems. And this lockdown this year has caused more obesity than anything else in history. More people will die from cardiac arrest and heart problems due to the lockdown than covid
Not bad, I have feb 14C
Bought 3 packs because Costco was already cleared out. Home Depot had a bunch still
This sounds perfect. Even though I have spy calls.
[footage of you ordering one share of a stock](https://youtu.be/KNQRqAoT-2c)
Ha! What a farce. Lol. 🎪
Where my 🌈🐻 at?
US economy = closing. 

Chinese/Asian economy = open as fuck
Love reading the futures headlines these days, used to be “rally on stimulus, rally on vaccine...” now it’s just “stocks rally because reasons”
You were told the stock market is a reflection of the economy weren’t you?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't  think there is a bear left in this sub. Bear is dead, repeat, Bear is dead. SPY 450 EOY
[deleted]
Show yourselves gay bears
You right
The real question is how many shares of delta do i have to have for them to hire me lol. I graduate in a week with a degree in commercial aviation and my certificates
Okay honestly mods are allowing these nio posts to pop because they all have nio. This is a pure pump
Really hoping it either goes up or down. Put my whole account into a spread before close Friday expiring tomorrow
Congrats and fuck you, I feel smart staying away from those memes but that's why I'm still poor
F
Green at night 🌈🐻s delight
APHA, CGC, ACB, TLRY, HEXO, CRON, OGI, MJ
Hold
I have no clue why it was deleted lol. I think it’s hilarious
This is why you buy the dip and not puts
You're totally already holding puts aren't you
Dogshit company
I just want to know if GM is going to drop this week. I sure fucking hope so. Fuck those communists.
Is that beat the pussy up song a good song to listen to while making love?
i see a bear coffin
Futures started 20 minutes ago. In another 20 minutes it can be -420.
You belong in r/investing

Here we yolo on options for tendies
This is **madness**
I bet you own fractional shares of brk-a
Finished watching AHS-1984. 
Pretty good season. 

I just miss the 80’s. Things didn’t look as grim and America wasn’t so fat. 


#SPY $369 if you’re nasty.
Feb 20c
would be sad for those not in any calls
My economics teacher put on a video that day and cried at his desk
Quite reasonable pattern
Can’t wait for the suits to read all these bulls comments so they can tank this shit and ruin all of your calls. Market has legit went up for 2 weeks straight with continuous gap ups every single night. -20% is absolutely in play, James from fast money is spot on. 300 by eoy

Edit maybe 270
Who bought puts on Friday?
[deleted]
What are you talking about? It’s literally happening right now
Bro check out the price appreciation on zero coupon bonds issued by the federal government that we're not callable starting in 1979. People fucking retired on bonds flat out retired
Are you 14?
Dealers are front-running huge vaccine moderna news coming tomorrow. Even bigger than Pfizer trash.
People underestimate the power of greed and inflation. The market will always find an excuse to buy enough to create FOMO, then rug pull or short 60% of the time all the time.
r/smallstreetbets
ur puts gonna get wrecked, ur calls gonna print
Biden approves stimulus
Yeah me too, might sell some gains from CRSR and go all in on this. I don’t want to miss out!
I think you clicked on the wrong sub.
No one give's a shit anymore. It's just words and empty threats. That chapter is closed.
Lol so random
Imagine being cash gang and watching your money rapidly inflate as the market booms
Bill Ackman is a CUCK! Could’ve been known as Bull Ackman... such a waste
Circuit breaker on the upside
don't need it
What good are coins?
Jpow and his tools beg to differ
Baba bears better strap up, they’re facing the music tomorrow 😎😎
Corona WHAT?
Who has the most retarded PLTR calls here? Let’s see them
This is insane, really.
I see a bear flag
My calls hope youre right
Im guessing 18 at open, 25 by EOW
Thanks dude, I made it myself
[deleted]
LMFAO
My SPY 362 11/16 call i've been holding for an entire month is about to make a comeback.
Why?
Lol really?
Lmao good luck
I suppose so but we’re pretty much exponential at this point with covid cases so I’m stumped
Dude you are actually way too diversified. Your gains will be minimal because you own so little shares of so many different stocks. What you would be better off doing is having fewer positions with more shares. Along with that choosing positions in the shorter term will offer you a decent return. At max with about $2k 5-6 positions. I also know nothing but too many positions. Like imagine your 10 shares of plug you could have doubled your positions for bigger gains instead of half your portfolio being red.
[removed]
Try it again at -99%+ your credibility will shoot through the roof
What? I made so much money on the crash and rebound. So many of us did that there is articles about idiots making fortunes on this shit.

And you are OUT? Did you lose money? How? If you lost temporarily it'll come back. Should have already
rip bears including me.
[deleted]
Not a bear, but history on wsb has shown futures don't mean shit!
Just got a 50 inch Samsung q60t. This thing is pretty sick for only $500. Def recommend if you’re looking for a tv deal rn.
become a 2+ trillion dollar company?

TSLA $2000C confirmed
tech with the thicc dicc energy
[deleted]
40p then 50c
[deleted]
Nope you got ya chance last Monday
I sold out for 4000 percent gains but I hope it gaps up for your calls 🙏
I did buy some $20c and $22.5 tho they’re making me about 700 dollars rn hopefully tmr it goes higher
BLOOD GREEEN !!!!

point cock TO SKY!!!

AND FUCKEN BUY!!!!!!!!!!!👊👊👊🧠⚡️🧭
Or crude going negative this year. So many ways to blow up your account
Hey y’all remember when there was a global pandemic and millions of businesses and people lost jobs ? And the stock market still made large returns ? 

Me neither...
Bears won a battle but lost everything
Great. Green futes just mean PLTR is going to rip more!
How we feeling about EV sector in general tomorrow?
He knows they eat more, therefore giving him more food to beg for  

Smart dog
MSFT and FB calls and BA DIS puts
Let's be real. Everyone in China has a cousin named Li.
Ffs this shit is gonna moon and my 20 368C’s fucking expired last Friday
Inflation forcing people out of cash, no where to go but stocks
I have a feeling Eurorich gonna bring Nasdaq up 2% so yea
Seriously, I’m down to a few dec Rkt calls and then I think I’m done with options
Tech rebound?? ZOOM going back to $500 this week!!!
Thats fair
Welcome home buddy. Thanks for representing the true nature of the user base here. Please do post something every now and then
ur fake news
Nice trading system u got there bud
any bit of bad news? weve been getting bombarded by bad news and it keeps going up

i just read 10 articles how real estate is going to collapse today, COVID cases ath, etc.
Never bet against a man with a printer
What could be the positive surprise? It's near identical to the Pfizer one and Fauci already said it would perform similarly
What else am I gonna do just sitting on my couch all week...
I just don’t get how if futures can say SPY is up x%, that x% should be an amalgamation of those shares. But fine I’ll get back in my box.
Those are rookie numbers
Did you really post this without sound. Wtf
Auahahah
easy 2x long term
I FUCKING SAID EXPANSION INTO EUROPE like 5 times already, always listen to hedge fund managers you meet in the gym!
What a time to be alive
As is tradition
Covid is good for nasdaq
[deleted]
Abso fucking lately. If they’re dated for next year
Honestly fuck this game. Sit here watching my balance decline to shit cos trading 212 suspends
Lol nope ended up selling to try and buy a dip and there was never a dip
They be shitting their pants
Whaaaa do you mean?!!!
Guys reminder: buy toilet paper NOW. stock up.
Its gonna hurt in about 10 years, but what do I know
Imagine not buying calls lmao get fukt bers
Fixed it just for you ;)
[deleted]
Wow, it’s....it’s quite green
Space x bout to launchhhh like the market
[deleted]
Alright boys, I have a massive hill to climb, but I believe in myself. Buying 12/16 SPY puts at open tomorrow. This can't go on forever
People bought so many puts on Friday. Dont you remember? "Lockdowns announced on the weekend. Buying puts" lol
Joey B. is Prez. Clown tweets dont matter anymore.
NVDA 700
We got a market mover here
tech is really charging the way
Amzn sellers feeling regret
i meant 43
1.  And I am a perma bull.    Shit.  You can sell too.
SPY put FDs. Way otm.
It better
Anything to justify your puts huh 🤡🤏🍆
New Warren Buffet over here
Sup homeboy?
Before every market crash the last 1-2 days are absolutely parabolic. If tomorrow is big green, I'm diving into SPY puts
No reason for the market to go down massively on any new lockdowns considering we'll be vaccinating people within months.
Why is Caitlyn Jenner talking about shutting down Michigan?
Ma suddenly got forced roped.
Gamma plays are super rewarding and risky at the same time
Thats been the trend?
correct
Damn really prefer dow and daq to swap 

I got airline fds
my 4 calls hope
Where do you see this?!
Damn Tech okay
So SRTY then?
“Hurr durrr dah mawket is gwonna cwash tomowwow guys!!! Imma so smawt”

Dumb bears BTFO
[deleted]
Bulls think futures mooning is good for them...
Futures
\^ Get a load of ol' Smooth Brain.
Fax
Bears must get off on losing money...sick fucks
yeah, it is a huge part of my portfolio and growing!
😂😂😂
Ok doomer
I have 16 option positions open right now...

Is that too little?
Lmao yeah ok 🤡🤏🍆
Hmmm NIO? I’ll try one please sir
mod this *retart*
Why not, it’ll just get bailed out if it goes tits up anyway
The market expects Moderna announcement this week. If the announcement doesn't come until Friday, we might rally all week on Moderna hopes.
Bers are fuck, good day to you all


I'm smoking all the hopium that their new CEO can turn things around. they're still working on EBITDA but we'll know how it be within the next two quarters.

Tbh, I loved trading on the volatility of Aurora, but I hadn't yet learned when to pull out.

Aurora will have been the cheapest finance degree ever paid for.
I mean, I’ve converted to a bull, but I still don’t understand what I’m seeing.  The exuberance will be the downfall of this strength.
A strong maybe
Uh being a bear is depressing this was my last an final yolo boys it was a pleasure will be back in due time
So my SOLO calls will print ?
340 by open
Blood?! Isn’t market up
To texh
That's not a girl bro
Looks like bears are gay and fucked, as always
Yeah assuming it would go down was dumb 

Come back when you learn why it's up
This market is kinda gay... not even a challenge. Everyone wins if you keep buying
General downturn in chinese stocks could turn huge nio gains into modest nio gains

Baaad
wish i could buy calls now
FUCK YEAAAA TECH WITH THE SICK GAP UP LETS GOOOO
I just went from 6 to midnight
So your telling me my 11/20 30c are fucked?
lmao. This is funny. Maybe the bigger ones have smellier vagines
bro were 20 mins into futures and its up .7%, thats a big deal, europoors havent even done their 2am +1% pump yet
I have no idea what I am reading. It appears it crashed from $26. So you are saying calls but I am hearing puts.

Jk. I have no idea what I am reading but you seem to. All aboard the call train we getting rich on CGC again
3800 EOW 😂
BABA making big moves tomorow
Been on both sides and I agree
Bullish af.
Face rippa
Futes hit bears in the chest , wait till modena comes with the john wick double tap
Biden: will you just shut up man
What are the tiny blips of green? If a company can be green in day like that then that's a company worth yoloing on
I fucking hope so.
how did you make money on a $53 strike
If tesla opens red, I am gonna sell everything and short this piece of shit.
🚚🏆
You’re right. That is a noob question.
eurorich will not disappoint
Strange i think thats what your dad said but it was hard to understand him with his face buried in the pillow.
[deleted]
Go to work and hold cash dip shit
Ber r fuk

Imagine going short into the weekend lmao
[deleted]
This fake and gay market is about to be disappointed once any little bit of bad news comes out. It's already priced beyond perfection.
It's ok Bears. DOW futures are red....but it's the DOW Total Landscaping futures
Well this explains why 95% of the retail future traders lose money. Red by open
as reeturded as this opinion is, I concur. What good are tendies when you’re 70/80?
Thanks
Nobody tell him
I prefer an invasion of Mexico that becomes 51st us state and all their poor people will make US poor feel like big shots
You ever heard of Tensorflow? Nothing needs to be ported, just use the most popular deep learning library and the defacto standard of the industry and it will work.

&#x200B;

Edit: The other most popular library pytorch also works with TPUs too.
Jesus this is nuts. 4%+ by open. This pump is no joke
Algo doing their shit! Trapping 95% of the bulls before toasting em in the mother lf all dump
Putting my entire account into SPY January calls at open because stocks don’t go down.
Oh
Why are futures looking so damn sexy right now
[deleted]
Not until 4am
Keep it coming. Full disclosure. I'm a noob when it comes to trading. I welcome all thoughts and opinions.
Despite SPY futures ripping up, VIX hasn't been sent to Destination Fucked.  
  
I think we may fade and open flat at cash open tomorrow.
I’d rather be a dumb bull making money than be a broke bear cursing the market
How do you Know tech is leading hard?
As expected it’s green coz every one was thinking it’s gonna be red
Ain't no 50/50. More like roulette 47.5/47.5/5 with that green 0 slot. House money. You want 50% try buy or short till end of week without selling/covering
[deleted]
If a girl yells at you to suck my dick bitch does that mean she likes you?
Welp. See you tomorrow lol
lol we are beginning lockdowns and futures are mooning, this is actually amazing how much the fed fukked the market, it does not give a shit about anything
IWM is where the real shit is at.  Money has been mooning the Russell all month long while you degenerates only pay attention to the SPY roller coaster.  The move towards small caps is for real.
Only to help degens get hard
Holy fuck talk about melting up
Glad i sold my baba puts for $10 profit on friday
He knows which ones you have a shot with, a true bro of a pup
Yes, retard
Bruh, red by open...
Its Chasbaq
Happy but why?
I have like 1000 shares of delta at the moment. I’m waiting for the pandemic to ease and the stock to shoot back up eventually. I’m in it for the long term though.
To tech or out of tech
Here waiting for my juicy gold freedom dip
#WARP SPEED
Lol atta boy
Euros don't ruin this for us. thx
PRICED IN
So basically the US is dying of riots, COVID, and post election drama- yet the market goes up?? I think I quit :/
Don't be mad or jealous, I hope your portfolio is doing better than mine and we are all getting richer.
apple bullish pennant. TO THE MOON BBY 🚀🚀🚀
nasdaq will break ath before the end of the year, amazon $4000
as if, biden and gyna are best friends
Sounds like you don't have the requisite risk tolerance required to invest for short-term, high-dollar gains. You need to purchase a nice, boring mutual fund that tracks the S&P 500.
Holy fuck... my tqqq call expiring last Friday is now officially sad!!!
So unusual to hear haha
tech taking the lead harrdddd, fuckkkkkk i cant believe i aint load up on calllssss, have i learned nothing???? i got shaken and now seeing the bus leave, nooooo waittt tech pleasseeeee, go under 12k again
Vaccine gang
please moderna... please have something for us tomorrow morning
Yes.
CCP
Greeny joe
Ok noob question but futures are up but you can’t see individual stocks right?
Yeah that contract is expiring worthless.
It is every mans god given right to buy calls
Drilling up
😂
Is loss porn a catalyst?
Did the FSR announcement come out?
PRINTER GO BRRRRRRRRRR
FACERIPPER
In parler*
Limit up baby
Will my Tesla 600c 03 19 print
Congratulations. You have picked Nikola Motors, ticker symbol NKLA
Up to my EYEBALLS IN BABA/AMZN/AMD TAKE ME TO THE MOON QQQ
Man a huge weight off my shoulders this sub taught me to always inverse it
Yes
lol states shutting down and cars surging. And we get green futures
The fuvk are you watching? They’re all over .5%
300
shut up stupid bear
[https://www.investing.com/indices/indices-futures](https://www.investing.com/indices/indices-futures)

INVEST and swing trade before buying options plz.
I figured it out. If you get rid of poor people, then wealth inequality isn't a big deal anymore. Thank you, Fed!
15 minutes in and Chaddaq almost up 1% 😩💦💦💦
[deleted]
NEW HIGHS OR EPIC DUMP?
My ES contracts are straight printing right now but you’re telling me it’s all fake.
Futures drilling
Only if there is a hill on the moon that they can push their truck down
Vix was buried 6ft under last week lol
Guys how do I stop my dog from going up to big women? He ignores the hot skinny ones and goes straight for the big girls. Today at the beach he wouldn’t stop staring
[deleted]
neck yourself, fucking loser
Bears assholes in shambles
This market has no fear and its incredible
Ya ok NOW I’m getting Feb vibes
Well I got MJ calls and VXX puts let’s hope this works out tomorrow
He listens to Kanye West, be careful guys he's special
It’s not even meme stock at this point it’s pretty viable
Tesla put fds in case Elon gets KO'd
BLOOD 🩸 MONDAY
Simmer down market mover. Casino opens in a few hours
Same first name but not mr tradez
Straight lottery ticket.  I literally just need it to price above .01 to profit lol
Diversification gets you banned round here
That's an uphill battle as it is with all the regulatory red tape and logistical issues that need to be overcome.  stop trying to force a pump with bullshit news
Tech 0.64% green
[removed]
Record cases, president not conceding yet. More lock downs
NIO doesnt sell cars in the U.S.... Yet... LOL 

NIO $1,000+
Maybe, I am not an expert in EVs, just memes!
I’ve got SPCE 25C 12/18, only problem is it’s 1k instead of 20k on GME
Futes are 🤡
Went in at 42 as well. Still gonna make good returns but yeah I wish I found out about NIO 7 months ago.
I used to hate Mondays before I started trading options, but now I hate every day.
Looking to buy some stock is parlor social network
1 and 2 shares of almost everything and then a couple where you just hold fractions lmao, and then the one you hold the most of is a tanker company that’s down almost 80% the last 5 years hahahahahaha

Welcome home
Come on bulls, even you have to see this is absolutely absurd, even if futures at this point means jack shit.
11/20 LMAO
❌🐻❌
Make UVXY great again
 VACCINE BEING MASS PRODUCED AS WE SPEAK!!!
I know. All of a sudden it’s everywhere. Right before a bunch of insiders shares are being unlocked.
Bears Five Minutes Ago: Meh, it's barely green.

Bears Right Now: I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!!
Barreled through 360
That HULK green DILDO
Nasdaq pumping
Lmao. Hopefully
Yeah, I bought shares.
I had some 365C last Monday which I paid 0.03 for and sold for 0.95 lmao.
[deleted]
TSLA 100p 12/25
Wow futures are green
It’s just a phase, you’ll be back to permabull after college don’t worry
eh unless massive news comes overnight, i’m fucked tomorrow. Still shook the market is pumping with all this chaos going on
BIDU to pop
Ban 

What he said tho
You mean short dated puts?  I do that if I am not super comfortable with how high my leaps have run in a short time I might hedge with a weekly
Put or two.
Lmao futures up .01 and bulls premature ejaculation
I’m going to get my second Moderna vaccine to do more DD . Love free Dunkin’ Donuts for shots
Where do we see BABA? EOW?

I have 20k in 270 C 11/20
🤡🤏🍆
I just had to explain why I was crying laughing to my wife. Thank you.
Good idea I’ll buy Venezuela instead. It’s got to be bottomed out by this point.
My bf was plowing me so hard. He didnt rub spit on his dik before tho..
How dare you ask...
I wanna see Dow 30k again
Baby
Is this an invest?
No. 3% by dawn
By open
What do you get with platinum?
A god damn monstrosity lmao
370 bit of a stretchhhh BUT I LIKE THE ENTHUSIASM
[deleted]
Hardline on Shina? Bullish?? The fuck
Not untill we hit spy 400
Gyna
rip to the lambo you could've had
Divdients
Appreciate you homie
Might throw 7K in shares in the morning, coin flip
Same thing that happened with apple.
Wendy’s Job page is crashing because of all the bears applying
Long on NIO, they’re already a successful company and will continue to be
Why not?
It's the same shit every weekend. Bulls helllla loud
Look at futures
WMT at ath is a risky bet even though I think they will double by end of next year. DLT going to run and is where I'm rotating my HD dollars into.
tech always manages to rip when im not in calls... but i guess last week this time tech futures were up like 2x this and i had my net worth in tech calls lol, then vaccine news hit...
So would all the ML and AI written using CUDA just be able to be ported straight to Google TPUs?
Wont happen.  GOP just got a fresh mandate to keep being stingy as fuck and democrats have no leverage whatsoever.
sigh, that was hard to read..
So true
GYYYNAAAA!!! 🤑🚀🤑🚀🤑🚀
Fat people love buying stuff.  It's in their nature
laugh now, cry later bEaRs
Huh?
BLOOD GREEN MOTHER
FUCKER WOOOOOOOOO

!!

I am fucken STAYING !!!

FIST ON CHEST NO FEAR !!!!
And I just inversed you, but will inevitably inverse myself a few times by market open.
Rationally spoken you didn't lose anything and you're a crybaby
Feeling quite dumb for trading PLTR leaps for UVXY calls
Imagine thinking futes mean shit, all it means is 100% fade by open you silly bulls. Don’t count your tendies just yet. Almost guarantee market follows the coin and sells off to 350 ish
laugh now, cry later
Guys we're gonna have another July/August style rally!!
As is tradition
Tech has been beaten up by IWM this month. Growth needs to get its head back on it's shoulders!
"TRUMP TO ENACT A SERIES OF HARDLINE POLICIES DURING HIS FINAL 10 WEEKS TO CEMENT HIS LEGACY ON CHINA: SENIOR ADMIN OFFICIAL"

I'm gonna start reeeeeeeeeing if you touch nio
From June 12th. This guy's a prophet
I feel these weak ass futures gonna fade my open, I hope I’m wrong
Remember whenever there is news of some retarded pension manager investing into a god awful company and you always wonder how can this god damn guy be so fucking stupid?

That's what happens when you have to outpace the ridiculous obligation/payout of the pension fund. You have to risk all of it on some retarded YOLO.
Fuck I was trying to get those but they never filled. Managed to get 368 for .02 though
Oh darn 😏
Don't want to overreact to like 5 minutes but futures lookin rippy as fuck
"It's only 0.2%, It's only 0.35% what's the big deal, It's only half a percent who cares, man futures don't even matter...." -a bear who's fuk
I love Monday mornings. Almost here!
[deleted]
if the us goes, the whole modern global order goes

rubles will be just as worthless

if you are genuinely worried about a collapse, buy physical silver, bullets, gasoline and beans

also learn how to farm and fix engines

anything else is just clueless larping
Pls dont give me hope
Buying puts on JACK on Thursday close right before their ER for easy profit
just buy leaps lol
Not remotely true
Spy 370 eow
Someone whisper sweet nothings into my ear and tell me my PTON calls are going to be alright.
Eh i got 20% of the collateral on this particular stock, so pretty good imo
Oh it will all be worth it if that happens but with no movement/volume during console week the short squeeze lookin less likely short term. It could happen at any time but we need some catalysts to help set it off
I tried, they keep sending me tampons and telling me to fuck myself
Retard doesn’t even know what 100% means
Bulls watching lambo reviews on youtube
This is the way. 🙏
Date?
What the fuck is this
Orangetan 🦧
or none of crap and just Trump gonna fuck all your commie stocks into oblivion
Long time till open
An unlimited supply - there’s no reason why
washington going into lockdown. ZM to the moon?
Elon hedges life uploading brain to the neuronet. Next tesla software update to include knight rider mode
I was watching this shit for the last few months.  It switches from week to week and it means nothing.
I’ve been mostly a permabull. And I feel like buying puts. Hold me.
China!
If futures were down -0.5%, VIX futures would be up 8% but since we are up 0.5%, VIX futures are barely down -1%.
Never forget Black Monday II
Michigan shutting down for 3 weeks
[deleted]
What would happen to tsla without elon?
Hope spy opens at a minimum of 365 and climbs from there.
This
R u joking
Will go negative if this holds for more than 30 minutes
I mean it will probably temporarily effect things... seeing as how it wouldn’t stick. What’s more the big three bets in wsb don’t even have anything going on in the US right now soooooo. Not saying some crazy shit can’t go down but man, guess we’ll wait and see
Hope my SQ calls print
If Moderna drops their preliminary results you are doomed
AMAZON ATH BY 11/20!!
Got 1 cent $369 11/16 SPY calls on Friday open for funsies.
Too diversified 🤷🏻‍♂️
Bears scrambling for couch change
Big Tech will most likely hit ATH this week which will bring SPY up bigly. Looking to get some weekly calls in AAPL, MSFT, FB, or AMZN
Good thing Mango doesnt effect NIO sales over the next 10 weeks in China and Europe. Biden likes Green Energy EVs. All is well with the world. 

NIO $100+
Narrator: *It didn't land*
inverse literally everything the government does u fool
How goes the Duo? I'm very tempted to get one as a replacement for my S10 in 12 or so months.
Where do we seriously see BABA?
Fractional shares? Ban
TBH I’m just gonna close my eyes and pick a stock
[deleted]
I can kinda understand why technology would go down because we never had a lockdown like this before  but why would healthcare go down?
Holding puts on this raging bull of a stock, over the weekend no less, YOU FOOL!
[deleted]
Bears are idiots so they using Bing
Remind me 12 hours!
I will laugh so hard if this SPY lottery ticket hits again.  Last week i bought 362’s for .05.  This week i got 370’s for .01 each.
Didn’t wanna read is this good or bad I have 20k in pltr so it’s gotta be bad
NKLA gonna moon or nah?
Yea go try that in Venezuela tell me how it goes for you. You might become a millionaire 🤷🏻
Just to let you know millionaire in Venezuela is poverty
Futures are green I have calls it’s a great to be alive
doubled down on puts friday. fml
u really don’t know til open
I told a UVXY board it was definitely going to 50+ soon... after a reverse split. Lots of hate 🤣
Can't tell if serious?
[deleted]
Bloody Monday
Red by Dawn.
Not all
Any reason my BABA calls will be fked this week?
You already know
I kinda am NGL lost about 10k just this week alone 

Enjoy your ps5 bro, I'm getting one too as soon as the fuckers let me order it
Investing.com
“YoU gUyS aRe CeLeBrAtInG hAlF a PoInT fUtUrEs”
- Angry 🐻
Boris is not infected. He has to isolate as he was near somebody that was.
Investing.com app
Someone please spare some lube for the bears 😉
Another blood green day where AAPL and AMD will stay flat just to fuck with me.
futures baby
Stimulus incoming!
Dead inside or your account is dead?
With the reaction in here I figd we were up 2 %%%  tried n true wsb reactions 😆
I'm a target man myself. Good luck to you.
Tech outpacing Dow and Spy. Rerotation is happening tomorrow
It's still early but looks like it is going to be a green Monday.
It’s up 15% in Hong Jing
If market is blood green tomorrow can tech aka ZM also be green? I say yes!
I bought some TQQQ puts the Friday prior.  It was fun.
I’m going to inverse your inverse and get calls
bears googling their nearest soup kitchens
Well done. Fuck you
BABA gonna shoot on my face tomorrow. Our safe word is "I swallow and my appetite is endless".
You forgot to mention to only buy weeklies
I yoloed on some AAL 13C . Please gap up bigly
“Everyone has made a lotta money besides me so someone else find something that I can make money on”
Look at how mondays have been lately why would u think tommorow would be red at least on open? This place really is autistic.
3600 too strong
how do the futures look? can't see them right now
Typically if you see the Russell outpacing the Nasdaq, travel will outperform
I would like to remind everyone that no one here said anything nice about PLTR before its IPO.
Gg
Omg Chasdaq going vertical
It seems the MAGA boys are mad a non-American company is doing well.
Bro this sub was all over this virus in January, we had this shit on lock, if you didn't buy puts that's on you, no amount of insider info would've made you more prepared than we already were in this sub.
It’s over bears
Gigantic RCEP trade deal signed that affects 1/3 of the entire planet.  Come on Baba, don't shit the bed tomorrow.  This is a huge boon for Chinese business.
I’ll never get tired of bulls and bears celebrating 15 hours before market open
[deleted]
Stonks. Only. Go. Up.

First rule you dumb bears
post link? Mofo google it.
NIO bears thinking, “NIO doesn’t follow the market, it’ll still be red Monday, right guys?”
Mango Bluff no worky. China controls Mango business interests abroad. Xi is best friend. Pepperidge Farm Remembers...
New-ish dipshit here. Where are you other dipshits getting futures/pre-market data for tomorrow?
Buy high sell higher!!
5. 215k dead
[deleted]
Does BABA join the moon tomorrow?
hmmm VIX calls looking like free cash
We green cause DJ finally got that green jacket
Guuhhhhhhhhu
I'm so fucked. FUCK
Just jwn forget the rest
Hope so mane
ELON: shouldn't affect the market overall maybe TSLA

UK Prime Minister: wasn't this a while ago and already priced in?

World Economy: Being propped up extensively like it has been for the entire year

Market: Mooning til the momentum stops and reality hits, will that be tomorrow, in a week, in a month or a year?
allow me some of that boomer money
Hahaha
I had one of them instructing me today how next week will be the worst since March
Why did I buy puts ? GG my life.
Markets have literally gone up for 200 years. Why would today be any different.
im sitting on 12.5 11/27 calls.....im selling for a loss monday and going with a reliable company... have yall heard of spce $23 11/27c?????
That tweet tho...
It means nothing! GOOD DAY, SIR!
Lmao why do you think people are fat in the first place, PTON aint gonna change that
Imagine if a stimulus package lands
Only takes 1 minute
Services/Iphone/Ipad make up the majority of their revenue, mac\* series makes up less than 10%. Keep in mind a lot of software doesn't run on the new M1 chip yet(adobe products for one), so many businesses including mine are holding off on buying them.
Tomorrow at 9am
Daily calls and puts on ZM or NIO
Feb 15c
Lord have mercy I’m about to bust
[deleted]
Possible bear answers:

1. Market is fake and gay
2. Dead cat bounce 
3. WHO IS BUYING AT THESE LEVELS
4. Bull trap!!1!1
might do this then roll into nio stock eod tuesday
Just get to $25 this month RKT - that’s all I ask.
Imagine being a bear rn 😱
Wrong on both counts there, champ. But I know, I know. “America is the greatest country on Earth” lmao
If we open up 2-3% I’m buying puts at 9:45am
Bears 🤣🤣😭
Launch this week and possible short squeeze
I'd push back the timeline and say by summer, but true regardless
Thank you, Howard Cosell.
GO TECH GO!
On average VIX jumps above 50 at least once every 2-3 years and quickly drops back to 10s. Basically one winning trade is to short VIX every time it jumps above 40 and close your short when it drops back down to teens. Then you can go long with leaps until the next spike. Rinse and repeat.
Here’s a good video summing it up https://youtu.be/oHg5SJYRHA0
Gamecocks are supposed to be small.  Like your account.

Cucked.
Remember, bears: Lockdowns are bullish. COVID cases are bullish. Everything is bullish.
Thinking of fomoing in ATM 500 shares
are you sure? post link to dillards, its all about these places 5 yr out look
OH FUCK!! WE MOONING!
🌈🐻 buying lube in bulk tonight
This market will break so hard at some point... it’s such a joke now
As soon as the bears get off their shift at Wendy’s they’re going to realize how fuk they are ha ha ha
Unactivated windows license on top of using Robinhood on your computer. Ban
Sell and buy puts and ask Citron for a little push

Works everytime
Damn ber really fuk on this one
Lol, you’re just jealous your didn’t set up a trade and exit strategy to get yourself a PS5 for free.
TLSA Gang also got butt-fucked.
Mrna up 12% pm in new guinea
Futures are gonna hit new ATH this week 😎
BS, share your source or get banned.  I quote a NY Times article from yesterday: "About 12.5 million Americans could be vaccinated this year, according to estimates from BioNTech’s chief executive, Dr. Ugur Sahin, and Pfizer."
Hang in there. Take care of yourself this week and eat when you can. You’re doing all you can do. I’ll keep you in my thoughts ❤️ for many that I’ve known who have had it, luckily it’s just a week of feeling like shit. You’ve got this. 💪🏻
I want to buy 0dte spy calls at open but therefore should inverse myself and buy puts instead.
UK pm: re-infected
Placed a 200c 1/21/2029
[removed]
You really think white supremacists think they are white supremacists. You got a lot to learn.
Fellow chad bulls SPY needs to open at 370 tomorrow morning. LETS GET IT DONE!
I just want my solo calls to break even
Hhhmm maybe my TSLA $450 EOW is safe.. let’s go boyss 😎
Elon gwine uptuh hebbin'?
What’s gonna pop?
People way to bullish on this thread.. it’s gonna turn red by tomm
It's an ugly shit company and you should have cut your losses last week before it dumped again
Stonks only go up
It’s only been 9 minutes
Hold and pray sleepy joe legalizes, bitch.
I think 3/5 odds limit down by open
Saved
Moderna is up next...
Me screaming at Musk to mention it during battery day lmao
GUH
MRNA info; not sure when though
This is hella desperate
Is vix really up $1.25 from where it closed?
Don't be upset or jealous! I hope you are beating me and we all get richer together!
SOLO
HULK BLOOD
For those of you who don’t think ⛈y still exists here I’m just going to throw this out there:


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jtohy5/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gc9k1wc/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Ber r fuk as predicted
Don't be upset or jealous! I hope you are beating me and we all get richer together!
Fake and gay futures. This is normal. Goes up all fucking night.
You dropped this \ 
 *** 
^^&#32;To&#32;prevent&#32;anymore&#32;lost&#32;limbs&#32;throughout&#32;Reddit,&#32;correctly&#32;escape&#32;the&#32;arms&#32;and&#32;shoulders&#32;by&#32;typing&#32;the&#32;shrug&#32;as&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯`&#32;or&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯`

 [^^Click&#32;here&#32;to&#32;see&#32;why&#32;this&#32;is&#32;necessary](https://np.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3fbrg3/is_there_a_reason_why_the_arm_is_always_missing/ctn5gbf/)
Post your all time chart
Yolo’d everything into spy puts weeklies lmao i’m done i’ve never won once this game sucks fuck being a bear
Ex-🥭
Gyms shutting down, weather getting too cold to run outside, people fat as hell.  All signs point to PTON being a big winner this week.

Thus concludes my presentation
But I could just sell a couple big macs and pay off my mortgage.
3750 by open
bears cucked yet again
I’m not complaining but how are we blood green??😂
Exactly
mofos out here catching rona and still trading options. Gambling addiction is real y’all.
small cap is ripping, hopefully that holds, i got maaaad small cap shit, IVR to the moooooon
PRINTER GO BRRRR
BLOOD 🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢🟢
Tech is not the market... there is a lot of otherstuff in the Spy
100% a bull (well I got some spy puts) but goddamn this market is fearless if it can ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ at what’s looking like a nyc lockdown this week. Also congrats to all you NIO millionaires. Friday sucked but that citrus guy is a crook.
So I should have gotten calls instead of puts, again.. nice.
I don't doubt AMD will trend higher but what makes you think this will happen over the next month?
Who the fuck buys gme calls hahahahahahaha, what a retard
I love how you added in the link for your source.
Just in time to save my NIO puts
[deleted]
whose money will that be?
https://imgflip.com/i/4miezy
Don't be upset or jealous! I hope you are beating me and we all get richer together!
Mooning confirmed
ELON: DYING

UK PRIME MINISTER: INFECTED

WORLD ECONOMY: CLOSING

MARKET: MOONING
You should have been thanking him instead of giving him a hard time you self admitted paper hands bitch.

He is literally doing gods work, onboarding more retail onto Robinhood, grassroots Organic growth. He's built different.  Why do you think TSLA is what it was after covid lockdowns?  For awhile retail literally led the market instead of being the usual slaughter.  

This salesman is doing more for our community than your paper hands ever will and all you could do was bust his balls with Greeks?  If used car salesman doesn't work out try applying for polishing lazy left eye Andrew's pole
It’ll happen when it’s least expected. VW short squeeze was an unexpected announcement by Porsche on Sunday afternoon.
Your portfolio?
Usually play weeklies and never + or - 10% otm
What are your PLTR LEAPS?
Glad that I only yoloed 100 into nkla put, thinking of 20x return.
The inevitable fading of futures
Why does some guy keep popping up on my YouTube feed for the past 6 months preaching that housing and stock markets are in a bubble and the great crash is coming. Dude has 200,000 subscribers.

Sometimes I read the comments and his whole subscriber base seems obsessed with the world global bubble. Oddly enough, most of them seem to say something like “when will the crash come so I can afford a house”. Or “this market is fkt I can’t wait for it to crash so I can get a house”. 

Pessimists attract pessimists. No way the governments letting this housing bubble pop so ima just sit in my house and be glad I saved up and got one - rather than posting on YouTube vids about bubbles while spending all my wages on alcohol, hookers and takeaways.
All that celebrating for half a point with 15 hours to go? Jesus.
Time to rotate out of China and back into America
Not being mean just honest - you 100% should not go anywhere near trading.
All the hype only for Battery Day to flop and leave VALE Gang in ruins lmaoo
Futures BLOOD green. Bear r fuk.
I've got a small put on NCLH. Why do you think it's gonna drop more? Up 2% after hours.
lol, only if the fed keeps pumping, if they attempt to pull out like they did in 2018, we are gonna see march crash 2.0
Puts?
Futes dead cat bounce
Heres the plan kids. Tomorrow I dont care if you're at a loss or not. You get the fuck at of any MEME stock or Tech stock and Load up on JWN,MACYS or Kohls calls.

&#x200B;

Dillards posted a profit, This was the warning shot. 

DO NOT WAIT UNTIL EARNINGS THIs WEEK. MACYS AND KOHLS WILL RIP IT. 

  
JWN,MACYS, KOHLS

&#x200B;

In that order.
When you can’t buy anything even though your a millionaire. even a Big Mac is too expensive .you will care
ES nibbling at 3600 testing the response, not a lot of volume so far..
[deleted]
Freedoms > covid apparently
Why?
I'm really bad at this
May the stock gods be on your side
GODDESS DAMMIIIIITTTTTT
Joe Green
SPY 370 tomorrow lol
your losses offset your gains if its in the same calendar year
I have Jan 400’s let’s go
All the bears quiet as a fucking mouse
Who was green?
Made it off puts lol
[deleted]
Anyone holding $DDOG?
Derp silly me thinking they're different companies
Bulls finna be real quiet in a few hours it’s hilarious
this is good for stocks
im literally all in airline fds :(
Bro fuck off with the stupid questions

Edit- Probably not
I know primary schools are closed my boy, but that doesn't give you the right to post in the big boy club

Go play with some Hotwheels whilst daddy is trying to secure that PlayStation for you
lmao how tf is it green
PRINTER GO BRRRRRRRRRRR🖨🖨🖨🖨🖨🖨
Futures r mooning
She can play my kings gambit anytime 😏
What a great day
If vaccine gets rolled out and virus cases start dropping, it will quickly drop to 13-15 range by spring.
[deleted]
Probably? I have no idea honestly. I know its the hospital-reported related data in the US. PLTR had some other fancy name for their project for the US HHS.
doesn’t matter what he does. Biden will correct it
Hey look tariffs!


See, nobody cares
Oh, I miss those days...I made a yearly salary in weeks
I’ll pop your bobble.. bobbly bobbly boo
No you took a dub
Was this the type of drill you were thinking of [?](https://media.istockphoto.com/vectors/battery-drill-vector-id473026116?s=170667a)
Bears r so fuk
Bears going to hibernate early this winter
Good music is good music
easy, its whats making half the nasdaq pump
I thought she raised it back to 3T?
Care to elaborate here?
At this pace I can stay solvent through 2030
Math checks out. Good work Johnson
Just popped the champagne to celebrate the red day tmmrw actually
Bears in shambles, eating Campbell’s

Portfolio nuked, go get the noose

Green Day Monday, bulls always win some way
Selling my 500 shares of PLUG Friday is seeming like a less good idea right now.
Hope my 370 FDs make money like last week
If you realize gains then you should set some aside for tax, at least put that part in a safe index or something rather than options. Unless you have some other plan like a high paying job that you can use.
I WILL NOT PART WITH A SINGLE COIN, NOT ONE PIECE
Anything he can do by Executive Order can by undone by one.
so will stay at home stocks rebound this week?
imagine selling off when we have gridlock and no cap tax increases 🚀
Anyone remember VALE? Lmao, good times.
Bear: "status report"
Bear2: "fuk sir. Fuk."
link
450$
🤭🤭🤭 bears are toast
not even close, normally in a recession, the rich and poor r equally fuk, the fed found out a way to make it so only the poor r fuk, this is actually brand spankin new exclusive to 2020
Small cap up .85%. Pretty hefty amount.
Anything is possible, but given how cautious the company is these days and taking their time I believe the risk of that is low.
That’s the reason duh
Bears living in shambles rn
back in the day you could come here for ideas and walk away with atleast 6-10 tickers to watch for the upcoming week now its just NIO and PLTR
On pace for +15% by open (according to my calculations)
Russell RIPPING.   

Reopening trade continues!
When I went to get tested there was a line of 150+ cars waiting to get tested 

about 6 colleagues already out from work and we don’t have enough backup physicians 

BULLISH
lol im hoping we dont but we probably will, look at nq, that already equates to amazon being at 3180...im going all in fds at open
Will it have a NIO chopper on it?
https://twitter.com/Fxhedgers/status/1328110775840296960

TRUMP TO ENACT A SERIES OF HARDLINE POLICIES DURING HIS FINAL 10 WEEKS TO CEMENT HIS LEGACY ON CHINA: SENIOR ADMIN OFFICIAL
SPY 400 is only 11% away.
Omg, PLTR 17 tom on gaw 😰🥴
back to ATHs!!!
When this shit is over there’s going to be a fucking roaring 20s with all the money people making rn
So Chinese VALE? Nice.
[https://www.amazon.com/Learn-Python-Hard-Way-Introduction/dp/0321884914](https://www.amazon.com/Learn-Python-Hard-Way-Introduction/dp/0321884914)
100% nio so its either hit or miss for me.
thinking about doubling down on JD calls Monday morning too. If it grows even half of what PDD did after earnings, easy 125 by mid week.
Take out a second mortgage in your parent’s name or extra student loans and yolo every penny you have on anything that has airline in the name
LOL keep praying  Cramer
Actually this.  Stupidest forum yet
[deleted]
Nancy wants her $2.4 Trillion before Christmas and not a penny less... "Talks Going Well"
Hey Ho - Let’s Go!
Big week coming up
When I bought that Aston Martin y’all thought it was rented?!
TLSA moons after this spaceX mission for no reason? Probably
Does anyone here hedge their leaps with short dated calls? 😏😏😏
[deleted]
Update- Bears will not stay solvent through end of 2020.
They net the amt bro lol
Never a red day again in Biden’s America!!!!!!!! USA 🇺🇸!!!!!!!!
Hulk *Smashes dick*
[deleted]
Early Oct, I sold bunch of 11/20 covered calls on Airlines/REITs/Energy stocks. All of this are close to the strike price. Looking at the Future tonight, looks like all my shares will be called away!
Inevitable run is about to begin. This is going to make me RICH. 🤤🤤🤤🤡🤡🤡
...and local computing, whatever IBM does, strip clubs, hotels...
Good luck my man
Not sure why it was so bearish in here earlier lol
Imagine betting that the fed would run out of ammo?
Fuk ur poots
Fraudulent market aswell
Yessir unless vaccine news
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lockdowns equal bullish for tech....what don't people understand about this
Face ripping rally tomorrow, BABA to 300 EOW, DDOG back to 💯
Bulls*
get the fuk out of this sub !!!!!!! were going to 200
Another week of “the prop” ?  Seems doubtful.
Liquidity > Covid
wow that gap up
we'll be red by open
12c
Can't stop watching this! Ha
Thanks
Oh it's But but covid today
Question for you all, im holding june SOLO calls, got in at 3.70. Should I hold for a few months or cash out sometime soon while EVs are hot
Bad orange man hates tendies by messing up a deal with communists, but I thought only commies hate tendies... 🤔🤔🤔
Thanks
I hedged my hedge with a hedge. Donating to theta gang. 🤡🤡🤡
SO GREEN LMAO
Wow this market is unstoppable
The dick part that is
I need these SPY 360 11/16 to print or im going to 0 boys
Would you rather have them talk about the exact stocks you're holding so that the algos inverse and crash on you?
4pm Tuesday
I'm so dead 🌈🐻
Inverse bull trap
I'm inviting myself to ur yacht
Get wrecked bears hahahaha
[deleted]
[deleted]
On some Citron shit
wow 370 confirmed tomorrow. congrats bulls and as always ber r fuk
Wow that’s not just green, its fucking green!
I'm not holding any puts champ
[deleted]
Because it’s on track to go up after earnings...55 is conservative
Symbol /es 

Or https://m.investing.com/indices/us-spx-500-futures
We boomin’
No taxes if it’s in the same year
NQ up 0.5%-1.0% feels like the norm now

Need to see 2% to get excited
Bears are on indeed right now. Bulls are on Expedia booking their flights and hotels in other countries.
What...?
whooaaa markets on x games mode
Wtf with the rise while world burn
You only pay taxes on net gains
Sold long time ago
A true retard would yolo it first then ask after.

Buy leaps, calls that don't expire for months with a strike not too far out of the money.
This isn't mooning, but yeah, a decent green for Sunday open.
thats godamn right! people arent even discussing these other great plays coming up this week and next. WMT gonna have a big week too. week after we have dicks sporting goods and dollar tree which are gonna kill their ERs and BOX and CRM week after that
Sooooo... basically the same as always then really.
Nobody tell him
will do
https://twitter.com/Fxhedgers/status/1328110775840296960

TRUMP TO ENACT A SERIES OF HARDLINE POLICIES DURING HIS FINAL 10 WEEKS TO CEMENT HIS LEGACY ON CHINA: SENIOR ADMIN OFFICIAL
Alexa, play Levels by Avicii
bro i am hoping... My guess amazon opens at 3200. Lets hope the moderna annoucnement doesnt fuk us though.
I’ve been in my homemade Reddit bubble suit all weekend since flipping positive .. you’re good
With Covid cases on the rise? Perhaps we see it dip, before springing up again and never seeing sub 20 until mid 2021
Why do you bears keep doing this to yourselves? You're worse than Charlie Brown trying to kick that football.
Bears and Cash gang. 

&#x200B;

Dead after Moderna releases info tomorrow morning.
30 because?
You lost I repeat you fucking lost we told you guys not to buy puts yet
what your tips for this week then, nonmeme?
I guess stimi talks are going super well
If google starts selling their TPUs it's game over for NVIDIA in the data center arena. Their current marketcap is also outrageous like everything else. Also you don't need NVIDIAto deploy the model and run inference, only at the training stage.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Cause paper trading ain’t enough. Just getting ready for tomorrow 0630. SNAP CALL PUT 9000 Exp 202020

**URL:** https://redd.it/juusj4
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juusj4) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Rocketscientistt, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Rocketscientistt
MadejustforWSB
OverpricedBagel
Can’t wait till when Mr Hang and NIKKEI show their Green dildos to the gang
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Likewise dude congrats
I choose #3
This looks like a high quality bull trap if you ask me
Positions or BAN
TF do you have to reply for?! fuuucking hell mate
Nasdaq 12k again 🤡
All 3 matter of fact.
Gap 🆙
[deleted]
Not for futures
Weird same thing your mother said while i was balls deep.

Is it like a family catchphrase?
With more gains than you :)
Covid surging and lockdown imminent? Long US Tech.

Vaccine and stimulus talks turning positive? Long S&P 500, DOW and Oil.

No matter what, somethings goin up.
Why
hahahah bears in 2020
And tech leading the way? Not looking good for you Bears (It's been 3 minutes lmao)
And then bleed rest of the day. I’ve seen this before
Does zoom also go up if nasdaq goes up??
Red at night, bull's delight.
Green at night, bear's blight.
Fuck it, I’m buying a yacht
Puts very very fuk
Tech, cloud computing, mining, precious metals commodities, reits, retail...
because?
Ahahahhahah IWR and QQQ up the same!  Everyone wins except 🌈🐻!
Yikes I'm ded
Dow futures are up on vaccine hopes and Nasdaq futures are up on rising virus cases.
NIO Gapping $60+ Tomorrow.
Futures looking good 😎
Guess spy 4 hunnid on the menu
[deleted]
Google "futures live" 

Click on the investing.com option
That’s a decent amount of movement in 3 minutes broski
Is there anything more autistic than wsb during first 5 minutes of futures open
ZM & NIO puts
China free-trade deal is epic
NIO boys ain’t gonna like this one
does this mean amazon is gonna run 100 dollars pre market and not let any of us get in? F
Bears are fuked !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let’s gooooo printer go BRRRRRR 🖨🖨🖨🖨
I sure as hell hope not I just joined the  🌈🐻party
if you wanna make money play cash acc on tos and use break above to scalp 1 min plays
i appreciate the advice

i got the part about buying, fixing, renting homes

can you clarify the part about the line of credit?
Lol welcome back
woahhhhhhhhhhh 3 minutes in and its moooning
[removed]
Futures mooning like it always does. RIP my SPY poots.
America right now is the meme with the dog in the burning house saying “this is fine”
Bears which one is it today

1. Who's buying at these prices
2. Market is fake
3. But but  covid
[deleted]
Lol no shit.  Not even a third of a percent yet
Nio definitely a good choise, made around 80% in a month
Thanks, I’m all over it. Vit D zinc and Vit C every morning.

Just feel like a plate of steaming poo, hard to focus on anything. 

Still it’s remarkable how insane the world has gone over this, yes it’s worse than the flu and very contagious but still...managed poorly just about everywhere.
PRAY THIS HOLDS
You're an idiot. They're literally already happening LMAO
Kind of a hard question to answer. It depends on momentum into open tomorrow, price action that follows, and sentiment carrying into Tuesday before earnings. If all of those things go well and we break the all time high resistance I’m watching the 60 level to start taking profit. I think it’s possible we see 65 Tuesday.
$30
Hahahahaha damn. I don’t usually say this, but when I do, bears r fuk.
Always inverse me
not slight, we running boyyyy
Green buy a cunthair. Europoor gonna do europoor things
FUTURES GREEN, BEARS ARE FUK AGAIN
PLTR 20 tomorrow?
[deleted]
🌈
good taste
[deleted]
With our luck, they will announce a super vaccine tomorrow.
TRUMP TO ENACT A SERIES OF HARDLINE POLICIES DURING HIS FINAL 10 WEEKS TO CEMENT HIS LEGACY ON CHINA: SENIOR ADMIN OFFICIAL
12k! TSLA calls gonna print
Elizabeth from queens gambit gets me Erect!!
FUTS BIG GWEEN
[deleted]
HD and LOW going high
This gets the driver fired, fyi. Don't be a piece of shit.
VIX futures dumping. Is this gonna be the week where VIX finally drops below 20 for the first time since February?
Talks with futures going well.
Half a percent is a lot dude
https://wendys-careers.com/ .. for them 🐻. You probably need a new job tomorrow
It's green
It’s months out, I’m not planning selling for thousands just some ez double
Bears r fuked
I never even have to check futures because you retards immediately say “bulls/bears r fuk”
FUTURES GREEN, BEARS A FUK AGAIN
lmao at all the doomer porn i read these days

"real estate is gonna fall"

"stocks are gonna fall"

bitch, the worse this recession gets, the more the fed is gonna pump assets, the only people getting fuk r the poor as they lose their jobs and get priced out of having a life
FUTURES GREEN, BEARS A FUK AGAIN
Need it to drop to 19 for muh puts. But it did break out of my expected downtward trend line Friday and has been rising in after hours. COVID raging, some state closures, and a bunch of people got COVID on a cruise this weekend. Honestly don't see why it's still rising.
Lmao all these shills. 65¢ a contract is nothing for faster fills. I moved to TOS right away for option trading
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ddqxw6/td_rh_etrade_ect_whos_best/f2m0od2/)*
When was it ever in touch with reality to begin with?
My account is so blown up
bear = shambled
looks like big green dildos are what's for dinner tonight boyzzzz
[deleted]
FUTURES GREEN, BEARS A FUK AGAIN
Yeah but they are shorting against Soros and Catherine Wood. Good fucking luck!
Imagine thinking we’d be red
?
TOS
Pandemic priced in, vaccine trials pricing in, ath new covid cases. BULLISH
FLATTEN THE CURVE
FUTURES GREEN, BEARS A FUK AGAIN
[deleted]
Flat or red day tmmrw confirmed by futures rn
Bid ask spreads noob
Market never had anything to do with reality
RH because they give me confetti when I reload my account and hit me with a WHOOP WHOOP 🙌 when I sell for -99%
Big green tomorrow
Vaccine gang > lockdown gang
LETS GO SILVEEEER!!!!
FUTURES GREEN, BEARS A FUK AGAIN
Shares NOW is the play.  Buy in at $16.  When this shit is trading at $40 next year, everyone will be happy they bought in now.

Of course, my autistic ass is holding a dozen $16.5c Nov 27, so what the hell do I know...
[deleted]
Thank god , tendies are back in the menu boys!!!
Breaking News.....Stocks edge higher as FED announces more ambiguous bullshit programs, and the President will not shut down the economy.
Now you’re questioning this?
Hahahahahaha get fucked I told toy I told you lockdowns aren’t even close to happening ahahahahahah
Fuq you guy's got me all excited "blood green" like bitch it's half a percent.
[removed]
Big green tomorrow
Big daddy futures
Good times. Thanks to whomever recommended puts on WYNN and LVS. Made about $17k over the next three weeks while it was doomsday outside.
invest in market basket
Your broker fucks your mom then tips you for keeping quiet in the living room
Bid ask spreads
My 0DTE SPY $365 calls going to print!
Bloody green dildo!
I’m so dead how bulls are already celebrating 😂😂
Honestly, where do you see the first market moves for tomorrow to call out red or green?
Big Money 💰 😎 💪
[removed]
??
Berr R Fukk Lmao
this is what I told you guys .. confidence in vaccine is strong ppl don’t care about more COVID cases
fuck your puts
280c. Easy money.
I feel like I just caught the vid just reading this.....make sure you wear your mask next time you post
Yessir
Cya doomers 😎
Whens 30k?
OH GOD IM FUCKED
Virus fears vs vaccine hopes

Vaccine hopes it is.
CLOSING ATH tomorrow this is to easy
No way you fucking idiots are already celebrating slight green lol.
All of it
F to my puts
#
OVER 12,000 KEKW
55
No rug pull? ✅

NIO 90 eod
we should just rename this sub to "MEME STOCK SUBREDDIT" because all you tards talk about is the same 3 stocks over and over and Over again while dozens of other good stocks will have huge moves this week...
Yep I am erect
GREEN GREEN GREEN
HULK BLOOD GREEN
Ahh, another Sunday where we can all get together and laugh at how fucking stupid bears r.
🇺🇸🦅☝️
We have lift off
Lmfao is the market out of touch with reality?
Tomorrow massive green confirmed.
Might look at something like 2022 $30c


Edit: might wait for a dip for it, but definitely not out of the question
DEFINITELY opening up some TSLA calls now
ELIR now?
STONKS ONLY GO UP!
chinese stocks listed on our exchange should have their own futures
Think or Swim
TOS cash account and I can daytrade just fine with a smaller account

‘Twas the best decision I ever made
holyshit, nasdaq
Thats it?
Can you invest in rapid anti-gen tests? Several countries in the EU announced they will test the whole population!
Wait futures are green?
As consistent as gravity 🚀🚀🚀
Lol, Bears you are so fucked
BLOOOOOOD GREEEEN OMG TOMORROW WERE GONNA MOOOOOONNNNN
BER FUG
Is there a dvd I can buy to learn this system that beats the market every week?
holy shit another limit up
LMAO BEARS FUK
Still remember June.  Was one day away of hitting my price targets and liquidating, up a shit ton until the Europoors completely fucked the Reopening trade
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wow big red gang is fuk
BLOOODDYYYY GREEENNNNN
B L O O D G R e e n
Take some vitamin d daily - studies are showing better outcomes!
[deleted]
GREEN
Lmao it’s green
my aspy sense is tingling and telling me i should join u in this yolo
bear r fuk yessir yessir
For those of you degenerates that actually have enough in your account to day-trade and make bigger options/stocks plays, what website or app are you using? 

Friday, Robinhood lost me a ton of money selling my calls on NIO because it froze and didn’t update the price for the first 5-10 minutes of the day.  

Additionally, RH has a lack of diversity of  penny stocks available and would prefer to start using my computer to start trading as opposed to staring at my phone the whole day.
It has a little cover that slides over it when it’s not spraying. Seems to be pretty clean. 
Lol the water pressure is insane though at full spray it shoots out of the toilet and onto the wall if no ones sitting on it
Guess I'll stick to wealthsimple. Paying 1.5% when buying US stocks is irritating though. Wish there was a cheaper subscription offer.
You need to make tendies to hire a driver
Boom!!!!!!
strong confidence in vaccine results will continue prop market up
[deleted]
reeeeeee
R/antstreetbets
does not compute
Aye bitch I was right behind you! You drive like dog shit!
priced in
Minimum investment loss is 25,000
Good Job buddy
[deleted]
BLOOD GREEN BITCHES
Imaging my brokers' IT guys laughing at my shit positions as they clean the up at the end of the day.  "Holy shit look at this one; he thought Apple would be $140 by today 😂"
Well, the winter is not yet over and I'm more thinking about less responsible countries like the U.S.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don’t think any are as attractive as this opportunity. I considered oil and gas for a while - but sentiment is against that sector. I also thought about T - but the opportunity for capital gains is lower there even though the dividend is good. 

I would consider other options but I have strong conviction in this play for the long term and I’m paid a big return for waiting with the leveraged dividend
here we go.
RKT is just a psy op to make you correlate it with rockets and mooning
yea not worth the premium with this low IV, better be on the buying side
your agility to text while driving is pretty good though.
What strike 👀
Pencils up
Tgt $145 puts nov 20
Wouldn't say better than NIO but its a great move to play alongside it.
The day the market went on sale*
I don’t have any positions in NIO but I’m really excited for Tuesday. We either go down to 100k members on this sub or mint new millionaires! There’s no in between! 😏😏😏
Too blessed to be humble!
Feels bad but hopefully feels REAAAAALLLY good soon enough with a scrumptious short squeeze
[deleted]
REGN PUTS.
It's marked at 3587 this second so it'll be a little green at open.
Walmart is the preferred everything store of joe sick pack, only loosely enforces masks, and is going to the moon when your downs cousin picks up his Xbox preorder and yolos the rest of his weekly unemployment on peeps

WMT 150c 11/20

Get ready for the white buffalo 10% earnings bump
Just get back to 35k
[deleted]
Your portfolio appears to be at support and should bounce
Yes sir
Gf puts
Oof this is gonna be a disaster...
[deleted]
and masterclass. the products are great and the margins must be crazy
Bears underwear will be yellow or brown
All this anticipation....and it will be blood flat.
Nio investors don’t like hearing statements that counter their delusional narrative 🤷🏻‍♂️
Some of those weed stocks (ACB) are at like -80% now so.....
Stop being depressed. You didnt lose any money but you learned some lessons along the way (I hope). Now do it again but trim positions and cut your losses
BAN
Lol /NQ just got bid up. GREENS
Chinese stocks about to be dead lmao
Just drive better
I went from 4k to 120k now I’m back at 4k. This happened over the course of like 2 months. U get over it man. Ull be back
Yes, the full value of knowing you’re a retard.
BAN
China has entered the Chat.
BAN
yes
It's not even open yet
Diagnosed with rona over weekend - banned from work for 2 week, pretty mild symptoms overall. 

I was hoping this would be the week I would take a break from option trades...guess not. 

$PLTR 11/27 18c
Turn that back into 35k and take 31k out once u get there.....
BAN
Impossible
Nah
I used to come on here and understand nothing
Bloody green?
Ahh I see, we Europenas only use inches to boost about our dick sizes
lol if it opens green while lockdowns are starting up

jpow has made this market his bitch
Zm⬆️📈
T-MINUS 1 MINUTE 🚀
And why is that annoying? 

Apple was the same many years ago right? 
(let tsla dip so I can buy)
How much money do I have to lose before I can call myself a day trader ?
LOL most of the third-world countries involved in this deal are just in it for the sake of "free trade". They're just about to find out if it benefits them in the long run.

Calls on China.
Almost crashed my car trying to look at futures while driving. Fuck I need help
Looking forward to the shit talking in here until bed time.  Then wake up and like you just said, means shit at open...
I just wanted a PS5 for free I figured 40 shares would do the trick
If I would have known this I wouldn’t have bought calls Wednesday
I did talk to text while I was driving so sorry for the misspellings and the weird words
[deleted]
He misspoke.  He should have said, "..nobody can or will do a damned thing about it".
https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?csz=1&iso=20210120T00&msg=Time+left+until+Trump+leaves+office&p0=263
To buy the dip?
oh shit.
Bloodbath in 3 min
guilty here
Yeah, I believe the news that MS and other console manufacturers want it to survive.

They need that retail presence around the US.

I don't know how they go about saving it if it shits the bird though (maybe the MS deal could keep them afloat).

Without figures it's all a bunch of what ifs.

The other part is that the entire PS4 and Xbox One backwards compatible disc library is in play.

So their sales of used games should increase dramatically from that fact.
why would that surprise you
Depends , if you have a non shit broker they will try to sell your contract. If they can't, or you have a limit price set, they send a "DO NOT EXERCISE" command to options clearing house and it expires worthless. That's why you should sell before market close
Just saw anon get rekt on /biz/ 

>go back to your shitcoins retard
Lol bought ZM at It's relative top
[deleted]
I have a feeling NIO is going to surprise with er
I went from 4k to 35k back to 4k, any advice. I’m depressed about it
It’s green
$75 Mid Week.
I was confident about my puts all weekend until right now.

What is this feeling. How do I make it stop
[deleted]
Yay rapists!
We either gape up bigLY or bleed red at open, I don't think there is any in between tomorrow...
everyone trying to catch the dip but it just kept falling 🙈
[deleted]
futures will likely be red or green
[deleted]
Nio down to $30 after earnings, you’re all giving your life savings to China. Lol
How single guys buy their PS5
[deleted]
[deleted]
boomer is a mindset not an age
No idea but worst case it should still trend back up. With my luck just slow enough to btfo my calls
Similar to Palantir, less risky than palantir but also less profitable, good long term hold.
If it continues to dip add one more to the list thats going balls deep
Is there a joke in the credit on the graph? Geography?
https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?csz=1&iso=20210120T00&msg=Time+left+until+Trump+leaves+office&p0=263
Lol not pton
Yolo it you fuck
Lol no shit
For realssssss though man wtf get these retards outta here
Amen 🙏
ROCK FLAG AND EAGLE CHARLIE 🇺🇸🦅🪨
1929
I hate that I love this.
Can’t wait to buy Nio puts after er
I like chart daddy NIO pump it up
LOL, 2019 v2
Most of my portfolio is in OTM Jan calls -70% Feels bad man
Rinse and repeat. I feel like futures only matter if they're like +/- 1.5% or more. Even then idk
Mango Mad that Xi Called to Congratulate Joey B. and Kammy.
I’m not a fan of Health Insurers. I think the political winds are changing and we will eventually get a public option or outright Medicare for all within the next decade. They are too exposed to political risk. 

But in the short term they have benefited from COVID since individuals have postponed or cancelled the elective treatments
LMAO I was only shitposting. Good on you bro! It sounds like you are financially set for life and if you are thinking that beyond a point money doesn't buy happiness/ if you're thinking about leaving a legacy /making a difference, I recommend you to browse through r/fatfire where you will find your peers and see what they are doing
Also, any advice on hiring escorts in Vegas, asking for a friend
Comms check completed, we are go for lift off green 🚀🚀🚀
Sheeeesh
Share offering end of November apparently
Will there be prayers as well?
Rumors about trump getting ready to go hard on china again so there might be a down day Monday lol
Remember boys, futes are fake and gay. 

That being said, lets see blood red!!
Thousands of green people from history times.
Sounds good, thanks my dude
Thanks! Actually hilarious as I couldn't convince my family to buy in at DPO for moral reasons.
Are soups Cambell's?
NIO put holders gonna have that pikachu face tomorrow guaranteed
Why are we talking about it?
Upcoming CNBC headline: STOCKS RISE ON VACCINE OPTIMISM
Big red
Tell us oh enlightened one! Is it the same thing that happens with your $800 account?
At this point we are so far into the call leg if my straddle that I need green.
What I’d give to be 11 again playing OSRS man
Honestly do what I did and do what my mentor did get your real estate license learn how to sell homes for every 3 to 4 homes that you sell buy one for yourself fix it up cheap and rent it out put it on a 30 year fixed mortgage and forget about it and then go do it again and again and again once you get to 10 homes then you should have you know depending on the value of the home you should have a good amount of equity in your 10 homes then you can go to a local bank get a line of credit for half a million or $1 million and then keep selling homes and buying homes and then before you know you’ll get to 20 homes then you can pull out 1 million out of the first 10 homes and  1 million from the second 10 now you got you know 20 homes you’re probably cash flowing about 10,000 a month and then you’ve got $2 million and then just keep going and doing it again to 30 homes then 40 and so on.
Lmao  nerd
How do you find these YOLO Trades?
In it for 3000 shares you zoomer bitches got nothing on me
It’s an easy long even if it rises
Nvdia or Target calls?
Definitely right that trying to time this with short term calls is asking to get rekt, but Q4 earnings is a pretty hard deadline. If Q4 earnings aren't a massive green dildo the play is dead. Q3 earnings might beat or might not, who knows.
And 45 idiots on here will be like "futs blood red!!!" And then I'll go check cause I'm an idiot.
There’s people that don’t know what ITM stands for
Back down to 3587 mark now. That seems more normal.
40 cm is 15.75 inches
STOCKS ONLY GO UP!! EVEN WHEN THEY DON'T, THEY DO. IT'S THE LAW OF GOING UP
🤤
What happens?
red or dead
Red
Fuck me bro, I actually ordered a 40 cm Domino's extreme cheese pizza, because of this autistic post and just finished eating it and it's still 4 hours before pre-market

I have a project meeting at 9 am (midnight here rn The Netherlands), why TF do you make me do these autistic things man..

It'll better be worth it or I'm expecting a free $rope for customer satisfaction
Why don’t you inform them then?
Lol
I feel like half this sub is balls deep in BABA. It has truly wrecked us.
Someone trying to be funny on /ES loading up on the bid side before futures open
Let's fucking go Roethlisberger
Bids on /ES are lining up at 3595 a solid gap up
Fuck ACB
5 minutes until i still have no idea if I’m shambled tomorrow
Will they ever reach as high as they were in January? Maybe over the course of a few years but not short term
foul beast
No, I don't think some conjured case with no new exigency will make it past an appeal. If it does, it will get quashed by the interested parties that know it may collapse the global economy.

And again, who tf is going to take that case for mango? Giuliani? Every member of the bar is running from this guy.
*CAW CAW*

🦅🦅🦅🦅
I'll usually check in the morning and unless there was a huge swing it doesn't matter.
lol tf you looking at
OhhHhhH I see
[deleted]
PTON ETSY to the moon this week
Like your karma after this downvote?
Baby boomers are at youngest 56.
 Can’t go tits up
and we already know what 3 headlines will come out next 10 min

STOCK SLIDES BECAUSE LOCKDOWN FEAR

FUTURES GAIN A QUARTER BECAUSE BETTER ECONOMIC OUTLOOK THAN EXPECTED

FUTURES OPEN FLAT IN WAIT FOR CORONA NEWS
SP500 opening up green, tech slightly down, boomer 30 flat
Fuck I’m pumped
Nio mid 50s tomorrow
What we want boys ? Red or green ? I want red affff
You guys expect too much lol
Lmao
Doesn't matter what he does from now up to Jan. Biden's going to simply reverse it, market doesn't care
Purple
Gold going to 1776 in the next 3 weeks
I’d love to see it
There are people here that don’t know what happens when an option expires ITM for their $200 account
Retirment
It had one nice pump a few weeks ago but it seems like it’s not on the radar. At some point it will be again tho
Just buy and sell on the rise if you get doubts
Underrated comment!
>I have a benzo and crack habit so nothing worries me
Can I downvote your life?
Why do you need those weird stuff on your screen just buy or sell
https://www.magnetar.com/careers
low key nervous about the open.
Is that the “NHS test and trace “ shit we are asked to use in the uk?
I never get ads on here. I did get the James Charles sub recommended to me once.
imagine thinking SNE is a good buy.
Basic account info like stock prices and how much money youre losing errmm i mean making.

I use RH on my watch when im unable to reach my phone to stress myself out
Me having calls on vxx is always worried for futures Monday lol shits always green
Your intro takes 15 seconds.

That doesn't count for growth.
Besides the revenue sharing the rise was also about Cohen having input and offering to help push the company into an ECOM competitive with amazon. Following this path GameStop would eventually push out of just video games and gaming merch. Chewy didn’t just sell dog food. It sold lots of niche exotic pet stuff, horse saddles, and had great customer service. 

I’m in as long as he’s in and institutional consistently scooping up shares who weren’t previously involved makes it seem like somethings going to happen. 

The stock is definitely suppressed by the brick and mortar = bad mentality the volume is extremely low. Not even sure if shutdowns would move it one way or another it’s so disconnected from the market. Lags behind the Russell. 

It’s a fun speculative but there’s not much price action so I understand why it’s not WSB caliber anymore.
bloody green futures. Futures dont matter unless they are green!!!!!!!!
Leave it to mango to destroy my calls. Typical
i am not wrong
Oh yea! Tell me that with a straight face a month from now....clown clown clown
Holy shit you’re retarted. Finding supports and resistance isn’t called the ‘low ceiling’. It requires no math skills or actual technical analysis lol and on top of that you’re on fucking Robinhood go fuck ursef
[deleted]
** banners become more star spangled **
Weekend dow?😂
[deleted]
Omg hurry up futures
I think everyone got bored and yolod puts/calls
Who cares
Tbh this feels like April.  Good/bad CoVid news piling up and uncertain how futures respond
Green or red tomorrow?
Same same
Closest thing I got to a hedge is Pton calls
:(
Realistic
[investing.com](https://investing.com) you get to talk shit to other retards looking at futures .
Give me money.  Money me.  Money now.  Me a money, needing a lot now.
Literally can't go tits up because it has no tits.
COPY CAT
Most likely scenario
So much bullish news, wouldn’t be surprised if they stay flat all week
Marked up to 3595.25 right now. Jesus. I'm assuming it'll go down some in the next 7 minutes, but we'll see.
F off
Well you don’t have to pay taxes for the rest of your life
Continues at open
I get nauseous when i eat em.
Im not white. Im not a white supremacist, but fuck china. Next! 🤦‍♂️
[removed]
What does this retard sub think about SNOW?
[deleted]
Priced in
Futures blood green
TRUMP PLANS LAST-MINUTE CHINA CRACKDOWN - AXIOS

What a party pooper
You know you are a 30+ boomer who  know what matters when you are equally excited every weekend for the futures to open as a teenage girl would for some new designer collaboration at Uniqlo or some new influencer perfume
I’ve got almost 50% of my account in IPOB. Anyone else riding this train to either Valhalla or the soup kitchen with me?
7 minutes until my life has meaning again
We haven't had a flat day in months. Every day it's either up or down 1-2%.
🚨 RETARD ALERT 🚨
How? They would need like a billion people in that country!
Ayyyyy IV got nothin' on us
45c 1/20/2021 
🙄
You don’t wanna know
Down 3.5pts
My call would thank you
He got down voted because a lot of people here work in those kind of jobs and think they got the secret sauce to beat the nerds working 12 hours a day on wallstreet
CPB 60c 2/19/21
[deleted]
95% of them lose to SPY
i hit 2-baggers on 3 of those stocks last couple ERs
If it doesn’t come back I’m toast
Is there a better site to look at futures than trading view?
Being called a slut gave me a semi. Take an upvote
i like your style my man
Good read 

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/15/business/china-trade-rcep.html
Both halves are the same people lol
You need to have the funds to cover a share purchase...otherwise the call expires worthless
If nio is this price with only 10000 cars in 2020 imagine what they'll be when they're producing 50,000 cars...
I sold my 11/13 48p for 200% when it could have been 700% because of the constant reversal Friday. Bought back in to 11/20 44.5p and XPEV 11/20 40p. 

My reasoning is the company has run up way too far recently and earnings report will not justify current evaluation, and should drag other EV with it. Maybe I’m wrong and out 900. Maybe I’m right and collect 200% again.
Hope it works out for you I blew up my acc with them last week 😂
Let's be real futes are gonna open at like -.12% or something
I feel seen
Agnostic Amen to that fellow young wise boomer.
Already happened
https://mobile.twitter.com/QTRResearch/status/1328099268385759232

TRUMP PLANS LAST-MINUTE CHINA CRACKDOWN - AXIOS

America, fuck yeah!

🇨🇳^^💣^^^🦅
I want to buy an expensive ass standard mfg 1911 with only stock market gains and a biden stimmy check.
Yes
Small restaurants are generally pretty scrappy so they wont go down without a fight.
[deleted]
9 minutes until bears r certified fuk.
Fuck that boomer shit. It’s all about the Chinese EV brother 😤😤😤
Half of this sub has anxiety disorder and the other half has depression.
I do see your point lolll but id be damned if it doesnt have better short term growth potential than boeing! Twas a great buy under 15 bucks imo. Bold moves from management dumping their fossil fuels and going all in on renewable energy production but they do have a fairly significant amt of debt
PTON 120 EOW
Add me

Inject_hiv
10 17

I also do up to 400m whip stakes
That is some sweet nugget of info.

Thanks!
LL has actually been up almost 300% since that WSB pump.
Get the fuck atta here then
hasn't even opened nut sack
Would love to see drilling for the next two weeks
Fslr went crazy and solar did sell off last week I like it
BABA this week can make or break my portfolio
10 minutes until 🐂 or 🐻 blow their loads, only to find out futures don't mean shit
Puts on your company after you’ll yolo while taking a dump
I’ve got my first PLTR call expiring ITM on Friday - do I have to do anything or will it automatically purchase the shares?
Uhh uh huh
Jesus fuck this is gonna be mad on Monday morning. Why you post this bro? I wasn't done loading up yet...
still going on about "cases" in November 2020, fucking lost cause....
No.
Yeah, shit's scary af. Think ill be good though
it’s literally not
Gamestop made the technically-not-great-for-security but very fortuitous for stock traders choice to make their order numbers sequential. If you submit two orders on Gamestop.com an hour apart, the difference in order numbers will be (roughly, because it probably includes cancelled orders) the number of orders submitted in that period. A number of people are tracking this, like uberkikz on Stocktwits.
Ban this queer
Fuck you
people here still talking about NIO and PLTR nonstop when there are much better plays coming up - WMT (ER tuesday, might release big walmart+ subscriber numbers), LOW (ER this week), Dicks sporting goods and Dollar tree next week ER, BOX and CRM dec 1st ERs, dollar general Dec 3rd.
Need it to slow down, my cc gonna go itm
Well what is happening in 11 years then
Counter prediction, everything green but tech. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

The market rotation resumes after earnings from MACYS and Kohls signal that Retail can weather this storm
LPT : Move to another country so the US market opens after you finish work
[deleted]
Hey it's me the investment banker. Pm me for my venmo.
Balls deep in spy puts
Lmaooo
Yes
I’m balls deep in spy puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
they are kinda like socal real-estate investors.

Except socal real-estate appreciates in value.
Every time
Lfg buying more tomorrow
rip
What info can you see on your Apple Watch? I use RH and I’m thinking of getting a watch so this would incentivize me even more
They are a data warehouse.

Basically, they are a large database that allows you to centralize data collection. Think e-commerce, or large hotel chains, or the government.

Then they allow you to access that data in all different ways. Compile reports like which hotels are busiest at what time of the year, or how many people between the age of 18 and 20 entered New York From Austria on November 20th.

And when you offshore data, it means you are getting more and more of it every year which means their customers end up paying more and more forever.

TL;DR - it can't go tits up
To* you dip shit
Chinese stonks
Spy bloody ?
Zoom going to take off soon!
Lol you don't think a Constitutional case re: the powers of the Executive branch regarding national security won't make it to an appeal?  

DOJ (Executive branch) will fight that.  

Do you even SCOTUS bro?
Bid/ask at 3595 rn for /ES
>SRAC

What do they do? I know, mergers. But SPCE had a start with a company like this. What companies does SRAC intend to become?
i am asking a question in desperation oh retard senior 🤲
Most likely scenario
All good
Up or down, just remember the real tendies are the friends we made along the way
If you’re playing this game, why not buy a few beaten down boomer stocks from different industries?  Seems like a senseless risk.
1000 shares @ 9.45 - valuation is ok

1000 shares @ 10.15 - uncomfortable with valuation, must sell. 


God you’re fucking retarded.
Ban
James Bond
[deleted]
Are we always this nervous right before Sunday night futures?
My account very red
genius
Alcohol mos def
Virus cases and vaccine hopes cancel each other out and we have a flat week.
“What does $NIO have?”

Casually lists the support of the most populated market and die-hard government as if that’s easy to get.

LOLOLOLOLOL.
72% of hedge funds are long this market
They seem like the type to wear tweed jackets un-ironically
I want to short your account so badly
Too many rules just confuse you.  You only need to know one rule:  


Stonks only go up!
Tech green, recovery bloood red
Hit me with an invite to your funeral
IBKR gang
11X 1/15 PLTR $20C
What are the perks of gold? I thought it was just an emblem.
It’s literally showing red right now
Dude is gone in 70 days, it won't matter
11 minutes until small caps blast off!
Would like to work for hedge fund, long/short equity.

Citadel guys DM me. I got every skill you need.
Hey now, let’s be nice, we all know it’s true, but you didn’t have to say it.
I had 500 calls. But the chances then looked way to small. Sold for a few grand profit and rolled into $340 ones
👅
Beautiful 😍
I mean sure it wouldn't hurt, but then you have twice the capital contributed to your position. Ask yourself how much exposure you want, how much money you want to tie up in the position and how much delta/gamma you want at any given moment. Shares are 1 delta. Short puts are usually .30-.40 for the same capital but that much less risk. Calls are usually low delta but significantly less capital. It's up to you what exposure you want.
Fuck yeah
Niiice
[removed]
Admit it, you lost money on Tesla.
You me and everyone else hope you are correct except a tard or 2
I'm a little but more cautious than you are. 

NIO $60c 11/27
[deleted]
I’m holding a fuk ton of puts, so probably...
Food industries is gonna be overtaken by fast food corporations

Rip small businesses , calls on CMG
JD opening at 110
He’s immune by the power of Donny
why you idiots bearish. tech green af tomorrow
Pfizer is only saying 50 million doses this year (which covers your olds, but leaves a lot of first line responders uncovered). Plus, that vaccine has to be stored at -70C. 

Getting back to normal is contingent on vaccines being widely available. COVID hasn’t really hit the stock market yet (yes, I remember March). We haven’t really seen the effects of mass long term unemployment (which is primarily affecting the low echelon workers). 

I think within the next year we are going have a serious reckoning. Sorry, but recessions don’t last a month.
im nervous for futures and I don’t even have any positions open rn
Hope xpev follows nio's anticipated rise tomorrow
If I had a nickel for every time some dumbass posted this exact image about $SPY this whole year I’d be worth more than OP’s portfolio.

Poast positions.
Buy a burner and turn that over to them.
More K shape if stimulus. Stonks slight down on fears ahead of lockdown. Explode higher on stim
Do I sell my calls (47, 49, 55) tomorrow before markets close or Tuesday before markets close?
Uber literally might be one of the worst big cap companies out there
To all the eagles fans YOUR TEAM SUCKS
Where you working Area 51?
I give up. I sold my $25 contract bc it went down 10 bucks. Fuck me
Great. I try to blend in here.

&#x200B;

Call me whatever you want. I am happy to be rich.
Say some prayers tonight kiddo, you're gonna need them!
 retard proof or ban
This nigga making 🏦 💰💰
How you do this exactly? I have the same starting amount as you, but I’m only up 20%..
It's a Surface Duo. Bought it from Papa Nutella Msft tendies
It's what the book 1984 warned us about
Are hedges legal?
The good news about rock bottom means you can only go up from here. Bullish.
The most selfish generation
Ban
How many levels of retarded are you on right now?
/ES up /NQ down 🌈 rotation to start
Just gotta make sure you scale out as the rocket goes up.
Drew Brees licks his fingers about 10 times before each snap and doesn’t have 🦠
sold a few 90 cc 11/27

But I think you’ll be good by 12/18

Good luck retard
I wouldnt sell them on something that has run up like crazy
Not compared to big tech. They can't pay as well.
Wait until you hear NIO
[deleted]
414 @ 3588, 190 @ 3589
It's going to $90, that's why.
NEVER if they stay only for the money
Tomorrow prediction everything but tech red
🐢 🐷
No
Anything that can happen in the next 10 years is priced in.
I lost so much money selling iron condors with low deltas like 0.15. In this market shit moves up and down 15-20% within days on nothing.
Get an apple watch and keep track of it on there
You’re still holding puts? What strike?
priced in
Don't fuck with the 🐭.   

There is a shit ton of pent up demand to hit the parks.
Wdym by beat the tax rate?
No problem. You’re adopted. Sorry you had to find out this way little fella
I think it has meme potential
I like those positions. Strike and exp?
Is ER after hours Tuesday?
Stay strong brother
same

i need ccl, nclh and rcl to all take a little ribber this week
I was so confused so how does mkt cap work, if i have shares of ipob it says its mkt cap is 700m, but wwhen its converted its gonna be a 5b mkt cap?
No.
China is not a petty problem. We are basically talking about a government as bad as the nazis, just without the power to make a play against the world
But nice baby gain
To answer your question if you should buy into PLTR: Yes.
Jesus, how do you walk with balls that big?
being in IT I would say yes. A lot of people in my field are starting to post on LinkedIn "i just completed this course on udemy"
Both France and Germany left schools open, I’m going to venture that others did as well
He's running out of time and good lawyers for that kind of battle. Also many trillions of dollars being blown-up along the way mean that it'd get stopped way before the SCOTUS.

Besides, it probably wouldn't even make it to an appeals court. Trump would say "blah blah sanctions" and the trade attorney would say "actually, nah" because wall street, chamber of commerce, etc. would swat that shit like Shaq. Mango can release scathing intel but he's already tried all the hurtful tariffs he could during the trade war.
Are there seriously going to be any restaurants left by next spring?? Meanwhile Mitch McConnell will be fat as a pig
I timed it right with that MS online revenue sharing news. Was +15% in two days.

Let the console cycle cloud me and got shook out at 11.08 stop loss when I wasn't paying attention.

I'm out completely with lockdown news, even though I can buy back in where I got shook out.

Doesn't matter about actual facts, retail dominant chain and lockdown on speculative stock = major sell off fast.

Upside isn't worth it.
You're very good at making yourself appear to be genuinely autistic.
Unless their test flight explodes and their stock dies
Agreed
Companies have data stored in every fucking hole they can fit it. PLTR brings it together.
Pltr commons and leaps it is
[deleted]
I thought tariff was on military only. Anyone got link for this news?
Plug Power and Switchback both have potential for that.
PE = PUMP EEEET

.... _and_ its above 1000. Yolo boys. This is what we prepared for. Going in raw on this one.
Hang in there brother
spce is done

&#x200B;

all the kiddies are in nio now
BID/ask  for /es?
Thanks!
[deleted]
Fair point
Fuck yeah. I have that napkin still
You can paper trade on Robinhood now? I should update my app 😂.
I'll just say that if I ever get to a point in my life where I can blow that much money in a weekend, I will consider myself successful. Hope you guys at least had fun!
Imagine investing smart and making a shit ton of money over 10 years just to lose it gambling.
Eli5
I wish I had $400k
Ahhahaha so good
Don't forget SPCE
Nooo how can it be more green following Friday the 13th
Okay, best of luck. There’s a chance we both print tomorrow like Friday. Bulls had their calls print at open and my puts printed at end of day. 

May the best autist win.
Too late lol 😂
Well, I'm all in on tesla calls, leaps, and shares right now.

If there is a run up to 12/4, that scenario is sell everything on the pump.  Which is +$.

If it plummets, you buy the dip.
If it happens and skyrockets, you buy back in.  SP should continue to go up past the first 5 minutes of Monday so you'll lose the gap up but still get gains.

If there is no run up and no IV spike, convert a couple shares or calls into a ton of deep otm weeklies.  If it doesn't happen, not much loss of value on those deep otm weeklies since there's no IV crush happening and you just held over the weekend.  Small loss on that in exchange for possible exponential gains.
I get it, it’s isn’t 1400% return on weekly FD’s. Shoulda known better then posting gains on shares
Ticker: RTRD
Yup, that's what I'm doing. Theres no interest on student loans too
I’m more confused... thanks
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Jacked to the tits on cruiseline puts
Mods sticky my dd
I'm also angry now but NIO to the moon!  🚀🚀🚀
Lol must be big there lol. Someone’s uncle is mad his bowling league is cancelled. 

More stares will do this so I’m a little bearish. Definitely enjoying cash gang but I will be buying PLTR tomorrow.
They go in, learn about an organization's needs and challenges and then set up their software, customized to the organization's specific situation, to take all the data that  organization has and organize it and analyze it with the end goal of making it far easier for a human being to find patterns that would otherwise be inaccessible.
I would probably want to see how they are doing as a company, I think it's a really low overhead business model overall

Just like any other SaaS company really
Well said
Their software caught Bin Laden.
Moving too the poor house tomorrow.
Amazon please be green open🤞
I want thousands of these. Just haven’t gotten around to it yet
Bearish.

No worries though. We're still on a pretty strong uptrend here in the US. RSI is strong, but not quite into overbought territory yet. We should be able to run hard through this week and may also see gains from Thanksgiving traveling and holiday shopping season.
AMD has been around $81 since August
Theta gang on high IV tickers is fucking stressful, sold some iron condors with short strikes about 45% and 63% otm expiring 12/18 and im still worried about one of my legs getting busted through
What do you think about Cigna?

And do u think the stock can drop a bit to the level it was trading at before the vaccine news pump
Makes sense
I worked in downtown Disney for years and it’s crazy to see people going there from like hours away just to walk around and eat. I’m happy to not go back there ever again.
You might as well just play roulette
Fucking work. I started a new job last week that doesn't let you take your phones inside which means I'm scared for my portfolio. Production picking up starting tomorrow which means a lot of over time. Calls on ulta beauty
Going down like my account tomorrow
> The good news is the online order flow is insane

Where do you get that info?
Ads.  

Have noticed more and more targeted ads.  

Seriously embarrassing getting Grindr banners at work
Only like 3k but I would like to have some profit from it and not just break even. Hate sunken costs
Mortgages were also in the high teens in the 80s lol
So we moon 6% again tonight?
In this market watch it not matter. :p
Damn son thats not addiction to gambling Thats addiction to losing, but you get em next time.
Absolute madman. Love to see this kind of thing. Please post results either way.
Purple was innovating mattress technology it’s proven that purple mattresses deliver an extra 20 seconds of sleep per night. We were just way ahead of Wall Street on that.
Yeah but the kids and the women and children. But what about the free tuition and free healthcare YOU ARE SO MEAN
I love how bowling is the #5 ticket item. Wtf lol.
Gotcha thanks
Yes! I’m with UP
no
55c 11/27
Does anyone find some Tesla investors to be annoying? Behavior seems really cult like, obsessed with buying up Tesla models, throwing their life savings into the stock, treating Elon like he's some sort of god and generally a massive nerd circle-jerk.
Lmao priced in
“Never underestimate the other guy's greed..” Tony Montana
Thanks
With the iv and price range, strong support, I think this is the perfect thing to just constantly sell options on. It sucks to only be able to afford 1 weekly to sell but at least you won’t lose 50% on a random bad market day
0% FLAT DAY TOMMOROW
Guhhh
I tried to tell HR that the name was stupid because unconsciousness cannot be managed otherwise it wouldn’t be unconscious, but what do I know 🤡
Give me an update in 20 years.  Once you have to pay for college for your kids, two cars, a boat, vacation, and a lot of other silly shit.
He had the opportunity to lose 400k you have the opportunity to lose 3k who is in a better spot in life you tell me retard
Am I talking to an upcoming millionaire?
Nah shit took a good month to go up
U and everyone else. You know what the market likes to do when this is the case
My big veiny clock
In jpow we trust. I hear he prints it digitally
Realizing WSB autists understand you better than your own family is my definition hitting rock-bottom
Gopher://
[removed]
Joe DeRosa sucks
i forgot but I remember it was pre-election when spy was under 330
Money, money, money, money, money.
Some people got to have it
Do things, Do things, do bad things with it.
Dollar bills, yall.
For that lean, mean, mean green
Almighty dollar.
Talkin about money.
Give me a nickel, brother can you spare a dime.
Money can drive some people out of their minds.
Money.
They don't sell in the US
solid dd.
Trile
Is it smart so many people bullish tho I don’t know what to think
UBER 60C 1/21. Will print?
[deleted]
Would you buy Udemy stock?
Futures mooning 😎🤩🍾🥳
[https://i.redd.it/w73s2bd603z51.png](https://i.redd.it/w73s2bd603z51.png)
We all know it goes up on Sunday nights.
Imagine you’re wanting to play monopoly but you have none of the pieces and they’re scattered all over the world. PLTR collects them and gives them to you but doesn’t play with you

Awful analogy and idk why I chose monopoly but it made sense in my head
I see the potential for a double dip recession around Feb 1st. EU has shown that very strict lockdowns including longer school closing are quickly needed. Also, almost nationwide testing of the whole population (or larger areas).  


Is the U.S. ready for hard lockdowns? Will there soon be a large stimulus package? Will the Fed intervene heavily? Will there be a sudden new medication?  


The vaccination is too late in spring to be distributed on a large scale.  


Probably it will be similar to March, dip of the markets and tech staying strong.
youtube. buy scalpel on amazon.
Big fat F ://
Buy a share. Then you can come to the party
Empires rise and fall. US needs to get their shit together honestly. All this bs progressive stuff needs to end.
You sound like a real cum expert. An enthusiast even
Because the guy founded paypal, so elon musk, so tesla, so ev, so nio, duh stupid question the connection is obvious.
Yes. Plz open robinhood at 9:30 a.m tomorrow, enter "PLTR", press "BUY" and click "Market Order"
I’m an emotionally attached bitch though. Fuck feelings. Always a good way to lose money
I mean, you need to edit it without parachutes.

Maybe add walkie talkies.
It's a company that helps the government troll you.
[removed]
Opens flat or at like -.10% but bleeds up all night
Wow I'm definitely going all in on PLTR if this forum says so. The ones who brought you the greatest hits like Lumber Liquidators, AstraZeneca, FLIR, SLVR, and Purpl Mattress Innovation Technology
IDK that china trade agreement was massive.
...   

Whoring yourself out?
99% of this sub is stupid and loses money, and you're all in Nio calls, guess whats happening
It was even more at regional banks iirc.
data and spying company
I’m gonna be a bit gay, but at market price and hold until it hits 25
Only puts. I’ve never been assigned so I’ve never sold calls. But I actually did have NIO calls but I took profit when Shitron ruined everything. Would’ve been holding if it wasn’t for that
We ran out at like 12. Nuts man. I’ll put a longer comment up when I get off
[deleted]
Bass to mouth!
When did he make the bet ?
Europe total new virus cases:

3 days ago: 320k

2 days ago: 280k

Yesterday: 242k

Today: 211k
Whatever bro, I didn't draw it. Just calling it like it is.
Over leveraged as fuck with calls and no hedges . StressedTFO
20 minutes
imitation rocks?
Balls fucking deep
Lol I saw the PT by analysts then came here and saw your comment. Made me lol
It’s the CIA
That is really weird. This is what I see. [STOPTRAIL TOS](https://imgur.com/a/C2fTA63)
printing Enron calls
His cousin is Li.
Same story here. Had a nice little comeback going on after a frustrating week that included instances getting out of scalps a bit too early only to see I would have ultimately been right if I held on a bit longer. So when NIO started to initially sell-off I was like here we go again I'm not letting a pullback get me this time but it was actually some cockblocking bullshit that clipped NIOs wings. I recouped some back on the downside but the damage was done.
Cause they have an event on the 18th. That plus nvda earnings could affect it
It's gonna be blood green
Tbh I'm scared they gonna have a better  economy than U.S. in the near future. Middle class is bigLY and they all actually work ...maybe ask for the world reserve currency then we r all FUQ'd
Fuckin boomers used to get 12% from CDs back in the 90s.
Sorry dad my main got banned for boting 1score and Christmas ago
Exactly, fucking hope this works out and pays off my Audi loan.
this shit needs to seriously stop on here
Buying more Monday. Thanks for the info
Then I’d be in the same shape as my portfolio
Nope. I held puts this weekend. I drive the market. Huge green tomorrow.
Are you serious? You spent $5k+ on your girlfriend in a single weekend? What in God's name...
Yeah don't know why stockholder's took Citron seriously we all knew it's overvalued now, we're betting on it being higher value in the future. That's investing... Citron was the same guy to shit on Tesla all throughout it's rise to glory but somehow he's the expert on EV stocks?!?
Wtf is PLTR. I read the description and it still doesn’t make any sense. Explain it like your talkin to a 3 year old
It’s a hypothetical change. However volume is so low, it’s not going to be a big change. That time isn’t going to effect you tho. If it wanted to move big up or down and the big boys weren’t allowed to trade at that time, we would just see the change during pre market.
so would you recommend selling cash secured monthlies on my long positions?
Alot of people are questioning the validity of test results. When these rapid tests are reporting false positives it is not as if they go back and adjust the counts. Additionally when you hear about how reporting any death in a hospital as a covid death benefits a hospital financially it just leaves too much room for doubts. Clearly it is not a hoax but if you feel that way stuff like this is ammo for your argument
Gays playing the smart game
It looks like a grower not a shower..... long $dick
There are no technicals for NIO you moron. 6 months ago it was $3 a share.

Choose which direction you want to gamble and place your bets
I see you have a pattern of using homosexuality as an insult and in a demeaning manner. That's pretty fucking offensive and disgusting.  Maybe you should work on that instead of deleting your comments before anyone can debunk your bullshit because you don't want to lose your confirmation boner.
China #1 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳 Glory to the PRC
It’s all in SPCE hands now
electruh-mechanic-uh
How does that huge Transoceanic/Asian trade deal affect us? Anyone smart know how to parse info from that news? 

Oh shit am I in r/wallstreetbets?? 

Nvm carry on buying NIO calls
[removed]
Lol let's see
bloody hell you just gave me the hiccups for the first time in 9.4 years
zoom calls are hedged with spy calls, I’ll be good
I'm thinking SOLO calls are still gonna make some tendies, but time is running out and the next set of bagholders are gonna be fk
Idek
Ban for not actually merchinf
You've either never been in the US or have never been outside the US. Cant tell which one.
Can I finally start saying nigga now?
We’re gonna be so red (scared bull)
imagine getting into a collision with an SUV while in that thing
SPCE to the fucking moon. here we go lads
>Courts can strike it down, trade attorney can say US won't prosecute.  

IF a Chinese company could get that ruling from a sympathetic District judge, it would get appealed up the Federal chain to SCOTUS, where a constitutionalist court will rule that the Executive branch has wide leeway on actions regarding national security.  With an emergency injunction after the District Court ruling
[deleted]
https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/clownopedia/images/4/46/Lou_Jacobs.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150518024643
Jeff Heath showing the Cowboys made a huge mistake.
18k shares buy order at $15.92. That looks good at least there is a buying pressure
Look at this WA state closure mandates. Yikes. 


https://www.governor.wa.gov/sites/default/files/proclamations/COVID%2019%20November%20Statewide%20Restrictions.pdf
all time low in my account in 21 min
Yeah dump the gf
they dont even have earnings....why?
11/20 5c
Did you really just tell this guy to do math like he would figure it out?
This is so fucking true. But you need $$$ to retain them too. At that point you just gotta ask if it’s worth it
Make it 3 slut
So like yes...but this was about 3 years ago when they were looking at using there massive retail floor print to serve as distribution hubs while they merged online ordering with physical store capacity.

Agreed that Amazon is Walmart's only competitor but Walmart doesn't have cloud computing revenue to subsidize the other portions of their business.
You want the 2nd part to be equal or higher than the 1st and the entry point where you buy is when it crosses the 2nd part
As someone who sells puts on boomer stocks, I disagree that these are low volumes
Reddit would be so fucking useless on the stock market wtf does this site even do for revenue sells stupid meaningless medals?
So what'd they announce?
The high end escort isn’t your real gf buddy. She has many boyfriends.
Getting so close to the crippling gap down futures. Bulls in utter shambles!
Lol @ 40 shares of a $100+ billion company
Poll- You make worse decisions day drinking or while high off that T-H-C?

Myself, when I'm drunk. I have a history of pussying out of trades and the numbers have meaning for some reason when I'm drunk. When I'm stoned, I'm a top tier financial anaylst

Edit- omw to the dispo
Upvote our favorite gay, Mr. Thiel
Gay bears paradise 👌
GYNA!
Nio will crater. Here's why. They have china but that also want to come to america..... why pay more for a chineese car when you can get a cyber truck. Long tesla
I’m having a very hard time figuring out if PLTR is a genius investment or a PnD
Aren’t you theta gang just selling far OTM options to both sides?
China is the future
True retard your kids will have kids that will be retards: good idea though I’m in
It'd be one hell of an IPO
Green and red dildos
Options too?
I was earning almost 2% in my HYSA doing absolutely nothing. Now it’s 0.55%. 🤡🤡🤡
It won’t go much lower bro it’s dropped like 20% in a week it’s gonna go up from here
If you don’t come to the WSB discussion thread for all your news, you ain’t black
If your smart you’ll buy Virgin Galactic now and hold on tight. 

You will be rewarded for believing in them when hardly anyone did.
Now I know that you *think* you aren't racist, and that you have lived your entire life thinking racism is *repulsive*, but i'm here to tell you that *you are still a racist piece of shit and should feel terrible about who you are.* - Every Unconscious Bias Training Coordinator
😂😂😂
Sheeeiiiiitttt. Sometimes you gotta flex 🤷‍♂️
Nothing special but a good stock to wheel
Puts
Right there with you.
looks ace, similar cuts to Tom Hixson, I am in the UK
might possibly be march all over again. we will see. hoping not, but im not holding anything though the weekend. it can go to shit, im not gonna lose a penny if it does.
LI is going to get obliterated. If it doesn't tank tomorrow I'm collecting puts
MSFT 200 calls were doa that morning
[deleted]
Does anyone here know ARM Legv8 programming? I'm stuck af
PLTR show me green on the screen !
even if my baba calls tripled tomorrow, i’d still be down 50%
Last Monday was nothing you bitch
How the fuck do you pronounce that.
Dude they’re so expensive. Why do we do this to ourselves?
No it doesn’t all ps5s sold out street price 1k-1.5k try again but with options pussy
You should only be spending money on girls BEFORE they're you're gf. Whats the point after? They're already with you.....
Cool
When’s the Reddit IPO?
Life changer tbh.  I mean you’d spray down you shoes after stepping on shit, why not spray your ass to be cleaner
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Does poop ever hit the spray stick? How sanitary is it? Been thinking of getting one
I love kinder eggs
First YOLO all in baby
You are way too logical for this place.
I have so many puts it’s amazing, so many spy puts. I’m very smart.
Calls. Up. The. Tits. Halp.
They can set their bids and asks before the market opens. But the price doesn't actually change until the market opens. If the bids and asks are significantly different than last days close you'll see a gap up or down
your mom blocked it to save us from the dumbness
NIO calls
Looks like everything's on discount 🤑
Index and commodity ETFs are EXTO and trade anytime futures are open. You have your staples like SPY, GLD, TLT, etc. Bid/ask can also update before open on non-EXTO stocks. Doesn't mean it's trading, just updated offers
Aka the greatest BTFD event in history
It's like learning how to ride a bike when you're very young.  

Crashing on the ground when you are small isn't really that bad because you're already close to the ground and you don't have enough mass/muscle to go very fast so you're not going to lose a lot of skin.  You can get back up from a wipeout.

When you get bigger/older, the consequences of crashing are much greater.  You're higher off the ground, able to move much faster, and have more mass (e.g. more capital, more income, more liabilities).  More damage done and much harder to recover.  Not so easy to get back up from a wipeout.  Remember, when you are older - at some point, you will no longer be capable of working for money so you have to save up.  Having a wipeout late in your life usually means that you spend your retirement years living miserably.  Can't afford any pleasures in life and can't work for them either.

Get up, dust yourself off and get back on the bike.  There are a lot of advantages that come with knowing how to ride a bike.  It's definitely faster than walking.  Just know that if you try to strap on rocket engines to go faster, your risk of crashing is greatly increased.  

For every trade that you put on, you need to know the maximum you can gain and the maximum you can lose.  You should also know the probability of winning vs. losing.  If you're not okay with the loss, don't make the trade.
JMIA the ecommerce of Africa based in Berlin. It'll take time to make a move but it's cheap AF right now.
If BABA tanks tomorrow on Trump tariff announcements, that’s gotta be the easiest long in the history of longs
[deleted]
r/babystreetbets
I hope so. I’ve lost too much money last week to pay for my own $ROPE
To  [u/chewythebear2020](https://www.reddit.com/user/chewythebear2020/) worried about his 380 Spy Puts. I'm secretly rooting for you! 

Hope they print :)
Went to downtown Disney yesterday. 1 hour wait just to get in. Each store had a +150 person waitlist. People literally waiting in line just to go wait in another line to buy shit. People are addicted to the mouse. 
DIS $135C 1/15
Those were the days. 🌈🐻👍
SAME. Puts on my credit card this month
^^
thanks
Wym? Selling at open gave insane returns.
Any thoughts on KNDI?
You're going to share a bidet with him? 🏳️‍🌈 bear confirmed
Honestly I love the fear mongering and fake news spewed on this sub. Keeps you on your toes
It went up premarket because of one of the other Chinese evs posting great results. There was a solid reason for the increase
That explains it
Definition of a pump and dump company
I’ve watched enough futures to know, I’m a professional.
you have puts dont you
First of all, all of that is worth less than $1.

Second of all, don’t come here with screenshots of your incompetence at my childhood addiction without positions.

Tl;dr: Ban
Dumbass, you should have puts
CSIQ has huge mooning potential off of ER
Spent way too much on the GF this weekend. Need to make 5-10k this week to recoup those losses. Any good legit plays?
Just marry a big titty Australian girl, pay her half of the .8% and then bang her sister to get that suspicion less divorce in court a year or two after you have your dual-citizenship and you are tax free for the rest of your time there.
Take a long deep breath, clear your mind, try a mindfulness meditation, drink some coffee, get some rest, make sure you are getting all your nutrients, hit the gym, maybe go to school for a year, then come back and then try to think that one over again.
Yolo into PLTR 1/22 30c. It's $100 cheaper per contract and there's a high chance it'll be trading WAYYY higher than $30 given all of the industries they're involved in.

Although I would wait for it to dip to around $13 before considering this.
Woah
Thank you big bro
This Ponzi scheme has to break down at some point!!
How many accounts have you made to do this? 5? 10?
Cuz no one wants to see it
Bears fuked
Yes to this. My lowball buy orders are getting dusty.
Courts can strike it down, trade attorney can say US won't prosecute.

The worst he can do is air dirty laundry and talk about the Uighers a lot. That'll be a pain in the ass for Biden but don't think it'll drive a wedge in US-Sino relations.
https://www.axios.com/trump-plans-last-minute-china-crackdown-fbac3d03-5901-4abd-822f-2a8956a666ad.html
https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/clownopedia/images/4/46/Lou_Jacobs.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150518024643
Roommate installed a bidet but I always forget to fucking use it
BYD, has the backbone technology too.
Short nio for me. Thanks.
Lol!
Down less than 1.5% after a 40% run up over one month...
[deleted]
I refuse to pay $0.50 for a slice of cheese on my burger. I'll add the cheese myself.  


TSLA 500c expiring 2 weeks from now though
Learn to read. Analysts are concerned about the closed block - I’m not. This is the last time I’m responding to your posts
Take this reward my guy..... not all heros wear capes
The other 50% of my portfolio is in Jan calls, -80% and growing fast
I have a shitpost to make...why is it getting auto-removed lol
Robinhood told me everything i need to know, renewable energy is shit especially solar and wind
Puts
My dad's boomer portfolio would like a word with you
still thinking about that $300 million bullish spy bet that bastard made so much
Atta boi
He’s too busy trying to win something he already lost
Some brokers offer extended hours trading and some even offer 24hr trading
Just buy the ETF IBUY/ ONLN and keep some extra cash for Amazon. Take the guesswork out
nobody does

its just chicken guts. you see what you want to see
Show up those options! SPY paid off nicely I bet.
Then why aren’t you long the most Chad Bull company to ever exist?
I did a similar thing.. loaded up on 350, 400, 500 calls - Dec 2022. There was a big boy buying them too, so there was plenty of liquidity.
Yes
Quick someone give me some plays so I can rain $1 dollar bills on my soon to be ex wife.
I know I should have said Elon musk of China
Pools of the dark
Webull let’s you trade from 4am-8pm
The only news that matters is that UK one.

That's a humongous positive push, can't see it any other way.
BTFD on BABA. Money talks.
48/55 here.
Check out snake River farms
It just has a picture of NIO it won’t update? Can someone else confirm?
also for anyone that is somehow not aware of this yet, WSB's favorite gay peter thiel has been in since before it went public
I got so fckin assraped by fuckin luckin
I spoke to an owner, he loves his nio
Who is mango
My own comment in a different PLTR thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jumwot/load_up_on_pltr_big_time_or_you_will_miss_it/gcebchj/?context=3
I wonder if the intelligent fragrance system in NIO’s ES8 has a hooker queefs and tequila sweat setting
Underrated pedantry.
hehe, whats new? did he tweet anything?
You're jacked to the tits.
I love selling puts, but selling 2023 is basically pawning your cash collateral for two years for a small two year loan. Like if you have any debt, you have to subtract the interest you're paying on the highest interest debt you're currently holding to truly calculate the profit you'd get from them.
Believe it or not this was actually a direct quote from your mother
*Teledex*
a man of culture.
I laid in IWM and SPY puts Friday afternoon. Expecting rolling lockdowns this week so people will hide in tech
This might be a stupid question but how does a stock price change in between after hours trading and premarket trading? Is there a period overnight and on weekends that is open to high tier investors? I’ve tried looking online but can’t find an answer anywhere.
The digital coin thing
Another $9,050.16 loss and you could have been down $420,069.69.  Lame.
>spxs

We think the same. What strikes?
The more you know 🌈💫
lol
[it’s here on yahoo finance, the prices are updated every hour though so it’s not very accurate](https://youtu.be/HILb-AfB7uU)
\^
Donate food to the homeless.
Christ, on what?
Hell no I've been in since 14 with calls 🚀 but I bought puts because of Citron and up a little over 100% holding half my calls till tomorrow (I would hold tilL earnings but IV crush)
I bought 400 Friday. Going to increase gradually up to 1000. This is a long way of saying I agree.
I agree. 

Let’s talk about GME.
what time are these remarks?
This is a casino.

And I, am counting cards.
Retarded yolo on a shitty company

Well done
I hope all you autist (bears and bulls) make some great tendies for the remaining of the year, so that you can buy whatever the fuck you been wanting to fuck off your tendies with. Good luck tomorrow 💋
After spending all weekend with my crayons I'm convinced Tuesday will be big down.
Yep. MAGA is basically the Republican answer for Dems and BLM and all the LGBT nonsense. Fringe people who didn't vote in the past, but now with thin margins it makes sense to get them out to vote. 

I'd imagine in the future, you'll see more moderate Republicans running, but they will throw MAGA a few bones in order to pick up votes.
R u me?
watch my leaps skyrocket
Automod does this for every long DD.
[removed]
I guess you have a lot of experience drinking this.
How do I invest in coal and leased gasoline?!?
Congratulations man, living the dream.
is someone had told me 20 years ago the world would be ravaged by a deadly virus and my kids would attend school by a captain Picard video chat type thing id be like wtf
Glory
Wow that looks idiotic. It's like a bicycle with armor
gay
I have a bridge to sell you
Orangeman has became the biggest Bear now. Either you die as hero, or live long enough to be a villaine.
It's fucked up cause it's actually a really good movie, but that probably just attracted even more retards.
What site do you use?
anyone else shorting tech 100 tomorrow?
I turned $70 into $3k overnight...
Lmao. I’m 6’5”. I can’t even imagine trying to get in that thing
essentially
Nope, never has been, still isn’t. Hoping this shows up now after enabling the thing they said to on that website
It's like investing in the Central Intelligence Agency.
This tip would have been useful 20 years ago
Oddly specific hover numbers.
[removed]
Good luck guys, you’re pushing it with this one..
I am erect.
what processor architecture is this
yep. grab at open and ride the rollercoaster with all of us
That mf is so retarded. Acts like a woman with his petty bullshit
Dec 18th and we good
Gm ceo is attending a conference on the 19th and suppose to update on nkla transaction 
Nkla lock up period ends on dec 3rd and dec 21st 
Stock will be manipulated until then to keep price elevated
I got 70c expiring 1/21! Already up 50%! Holding strong!
I sell puts, but I don't exceed the account liquidation value so that I can cover if i get assigned. Selling leaps is not efficient. You'd get better use of money selling closer to expiration to make theta work for you -  I usually sell monthlies.
Yes
54C 11/20 ova here
Because of its slightly alkaline pH, healthy semen should have an "ammonia or bleach-like kind of a smell," and will taste a bit sweet (because of the fructose) and salty — like the perfect trail mix, in drinkable liquid form, straight out of a penis!
🥭 coming for your NIO calls. 😬
This would have been handy in March
They've done many schemes like this in the past, the results are always mediocre at best. Namely because the express purpose is to flush out competition, and the members compete with each other for dominance. In the US when companies do this they get fined for anti-trust violations, but since China is communist it's ok as long as the men doing it have party connections.

Also, you assume this will make all the speculators start buying any Chinese company for being Chinese. That's wrong, as there's no telling when or how the market will react to this.
Guys I have PUTS I am HOLDING so many SPY PUTS that will PRINT


take that you algo bitches
Wow wish I could go back to that day, load up on shares and calls with margin.
Let me guess. You missed every opportunity to buy in and now you think it ain’t going no where but down?
[removed]
I hope: PLTR goes up 

I don’t hope: They never have a positive EPS and turn into a penny stock whose chart goes down and to the right after the initial IPO excitement pump
Add more? Just like an arcade machine.
Why what is it, every IPO fails and dumps
We mooning
TRAILSTOP is one of the choices you can toggle to on the sell screen. Was that not there for you?
Yeah. 100 shares is a very cheap investment and I think your only regret would be that you didn't buy more.
I guess if two idiots think so it must be true.
But are all too familiar with hookers. Sigh.
[removed]
So stay away from PLTR now? Got it
I am just the same...its so weird!!!
PLS MAKE NIO AND TSLA MOON TOMORROW! Hopefully Spacex launch goes according to plan and tech futures are green
Who cares. Buy some calls and hype it up so more people fomo into it
How does your strategy of using a relatively low-delta call to write near-dated calls against compare to using DITM calls of similar expiration, to do the same thing?

Your calls currently have a delta of .36 while DITM calls would be over .8.
[deleted]
###NIO, that is all.
100% - 98.76% = 60%, thank god I was scared I had less
Provoke.
I think IVR is a good long term play. Tons of cash, raised the dividend, 91% govt secured mortgage backed securities, 5.2 billion repurchase agreements, they’re not goin anywhere. Once the stimmy comes it could easily double or triple
Free money everyone
I'm diversified. I have spy puts, VXX calls, and spxs calls
Yes
You sensitive fucks if someone gives a prediction dont assume it's an alternative account
NIO $60 Call 11/20
been in on this since day 1. currently holding 300 shares. made money both selling puts and covered calls.

the stock price moves around seemingly at random because the float is so low and the spreads are shit. prone to bouncing whole percentage points in a single order. seems more or less range-bound between $30-40 at the moment. it did pump for a bit when the CEO was on one of the talking head channels a few weeks ago but returned to its normal levels within a couple days.

i'm not anticipating significant movement until Q3/Q4 late next year, when they're expected to report their first full batch of data, but it is possible that preliminary results presented at a conference moves the needle some. their earnings call (somewhat surprisingly to me) didn't move the price much at all but showed that they have enough cash on hand to take them to 2023 and that the pandemic hasn't fully derailed their ongoing work, though it did delay it a bit.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Market seems to be loving this shit, careful making bets either way
In order book (Level 2). Sell 36.43k shares at $183. Buy side is flat.
🤡
That bitch needs some milk
I won't lie, that is a really, really good question.
What is "investing"?
Fathers delight
Will hit it on opening tomorrow don’t you worry.
Someone redpill me on PLTR, should I buy 100 shares?
But yet here we are, maybe you're more comfortable with KO.
Nice paper trading account
TIL rip doesn’t always mean something will die
never forget 16/03 🇺🇸✨⚰️✨🇪🇺✨⚰️✨🇯🇵✨⚰️✨, now fire your guns!
It’s a hoax what don’t you understand
yes but look at how he is rolling his calls on the $22 strike price on all the strike dates. i just chose $21 cuz it felt "safer"
i do agree with you but we would see an overreaction int he market for sure
Biden can't.  

The 2024 attack ads will write themselves: "within his first days of office, Biden sucked Xi's peen".
[deleted]
NIO, that is all.
NIO pops tomorrow - WSB retards know that big money went in Q3 in NIO..
Flat
6 pm Eastern Sunday night
Imagine what a 400k balance on these discount stocks would return you in a year
Puts are GAY
It got removed cause it’s retarded as hell. Here’s to a second removal
Just googled SOLO car. Gonna have to hit any of you investing in that with the triple clowns. 🤡🤡🤡

https://assets.newatlas.com/dims4/default/190275e/2147483647/strip/true/crop/776x517+9+0/resize/1200x800!/quality/90/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewatlas-brightspot.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farchive%2Fsolo-ev-first-us-customer-1.jpeg
[deleted]
Please moon tomorrow I don’t want a repeat of last Monday 🥵🥵🥵
Split it between PLTR and FSR shares

Buy LEAPS
It's so different from today
Trump is trying to make sure Biden can’t back out of his trade war easily... 

https://www.axios.com/trump-plans-last-minute-china-crackdown-fbac3d03-5901-4abd-822f-2a8956a666ad.html

Are we going to see a combined trade-war coronavirus roller-coaster? This week should be interesting with Moderna news, lockdowns incoming, and now this China trade restriction rollout.

Guess volatility isn’t quite done with us just yet.
Oh man piss off enough NIO everywhere these posts are pissing me off
You can still have pizza.
STRIPE
How do you guys find out individual futes? Am I just dum? NIO all the way.
Shit isn’t mooning yet ..... relax
ATH in 30mins
strikes youre looking at?
[deleted]
8:30am (EST) Monday, sleep well
what strikes?
Bolzarf Huckt kinda sounds like bears r fuked
I know how our great grandparents felt
3pm pst
NFLX
🤖 🤖 🤖
Yo, is 🥭 really gonna instigate china and let my puts print.   Keep being petty my dude
Definitely long calls...
The parties just getting started. NIO is still a brand new company. If it was a pump and dump I'm sure the market manipulators would have rode it much higher than $54 a share before clipping its wings.
Oooh It's one of those art pieces by melting crayons together! How much for a print?
Palantir has more consistent high level engineering talent
Because he's realizing he has a mindless group of followers and he ain't done with politics. People are celebrating like they got rid of Trump and racism and misinformation; this shit is only beginning.
 He'll try to make it politically untenable for the Biden administration to change course as China acts aggressively from India to Hong Kong to Taiwan, and the pandemic triggers a second global wave of shutdowns.

* Watch for National Intelligence Director John Ratcliffe to publicly describe in granular detail intelligence about China's nefarious actions inside the U.S.

**Details:** Trump officials plan to sanction or restrict trade with more Chinese companies, government entities and officials for alleged complicity in human rights violations in Xinjiang and Hong Kong, or threatening U.S. national security.

* The administration also will crack down on China for its labor practices beyond Xinjiang forced labor camps.

 **National Security Council spokesperson John Ullyot told Axios,** "Unless Beijing reverses course and becomes a responsible player on the global stage, future U.S. presidents will find it politically suicidal to reverse President Trump’s historic actions."
Can’t wait to dump my mortgage into PLTR tomorrow. Won’t be able to sleep tonight out of the excitement.
Unlimited liquidity from the Fed will do that
Imagine commenting here and not realizing users don’t pick their flairs
Are you sure it's me who's retarded? I'm loaded on PLTR calls to boot.

I think you don't know what a rip is.
On the way up??
does anyone here sell naked puts on stocks they're long on? how risky is this. for example if I sell 2023 BYND puts at the 50 strike is that dumb
Thinking about my first option play, 2.85 --> 5.05 on a BA 400C, thought I was a god. Guess the first one really is free
Only 60% of USA is smart enough to do what Europe did
Why would they audit? Even if you made 1 mil on options, thats a perfectly legal and acceptable instrument of investment for TFSA
How stupid can he be? The pump was done months ago
Someone spray painted “covid is a hoax” on a building in the area that I work. Crazy since that area has one of the highest positive rates in the city. I dont understand...
during the 3rd wave... basing your valuation with pre-covid numbers.

u do u
People don't like to hold over the weekend.  Usually has  a small dip. Back up after hours.
Everyone so bullish my spy puts are saved
GME cult leaders keep moving the goalposts. Was console cycle now it’s earnings, but probably not those earnings wait for console earnings. Maybe Jan, probably April. They don’t know shit. 

Lots of names moving money into the stock though so there’s still a play but fuck if anyone knows when it is enough to play options. I still have 50x 1/15 30c, 2000 shares and I keep messing with weeklies just in case because I’m a bored retard.
The notion that your puts might not print on Monday is truly absurd & absolutely possible. What a farce. 🎪
Why the fuck is everyone hyping PLTR? That company was founded almost 20 years ago and the never made 1 cent of profit. Perfect catalyst for some loss porn this week.
CRSR
Nio 40p nov20
We should form Hardbank
Is that it?
Haha hahah more like spy 270
12/18 70c at open, sell before Tuesday close.
bull flag on shitcoin weekly
I kinda feel this also belongs over at r/DataIsBeautiful
When do futures open?
Dec 18 bear debit spreads
gonna put a bullish short strangle on baba 12/24 300c/250p no way this shit stays oversold
Oddly because of Covid I paid off all my debt and am on track to make 50% more than last year. Gotta build a plan for current events instead of in spite of it I guess.
ACB calllzzzzzzzzzz
Thank you retards. I googled SOLO cars and literally felt a pussy growing inside me
The real question is what are some of those little green squares?
NIO futures mooning

RIP bears
Bolzarf Huckt? Phone call for Bolzarf Huckt! Guys, is there a Bolzarf Huckt in here?
Down -17.5k here as a 20 year old, i gotta catch up yall!
[deleted]
SNAP
Yeah it does usually best to just save up 5k and go straight in and be patient, Although if that’s what the start amount is. The 1k can go to 100 before it gets to 5k buying options, but the CSP route will get there in a decent time because of the compounding effect. especially selling something that your really bullish on, go a few strikes itm and over 150% iv
Futures G
His most recent 3 song release was dope
This shouldn't make any sense, but it does
Why wouldn't Trump tank the market before he leaves? Wall Street has turned its back on him.
Sellin' a wang
[deleted]
This is really good news. Fuck China.
It's probably just time to accept that they'll be the economic hegemon. Our tariffs will soon be like Brazil trying to tariff the US. Annoying but ultimately irrelevant
intangibles be like that sometimes
Economic recovery is bearish. Spy would hit 20k in a post apocalyptic world.
Anything he does now no one will take seriously
Lol
SPCE to infinity and beyond 🚀 🚀 🚀
I missed that chapter of *Capital*
Bruh get an iPhone already tf
unhinged indeed, u/semen_chapstick
I’ll make a sandwich at home to save the $2 compared to subway, but drop 1k on FDs without thinking twice 🤡🤳🏻
My tinnitus is telling me that we opening down tn
 bit🪙 is fuk
Woah, the CEO of a company is bullish on his own company?

Stop the presses, this is a moonshot boys. 110C 11/20
Nice one & might be profitable, lemme know
this really hits home for me, I suffered with addiction 2005 - 2014.  I had 5 years sober going into covid 19.  March 17th when I was laid off I had \~$70k between 401k, checking/savings, brokerage account.

March 17th was the same day I called my dealer again and I've been high on meth and heroin since then.

Going into covid 19 I had 3500 shares of NIO at 2.16 cost and 401k with $45000 in cash.  I didn't think it was a good time to invest the last few years and I was willing to wait for the right opportunity.

Here is was, I bought another 8000 shares NIO at 2.96 and 600 shares of RCL at 23.  And told myself I would just wait.

Well the thing about meth, you can't fucking be content sitting still or waiting.

I've lost nearly everything + money borrowed, unemployment, credit cards, etc.  Year to date losses are to the sum of $160k

Please be careful, drugs don't help
There is one but it doesn't have options.
American murder was a pretty good movie actually lol
I have no idea tbh.  I just saw very unusual activity and good Technicals
Interesting play. Hope it works for you. I know I went big on QQQ a few weeks ago and it back fired.
Post screenshot
Plug calls
No positions BAN
In the name of national security, he can act without Congress.
Wouldnt it be funny if trump just raised tariffs on China to 100% before he left office
BABA Jan/Feb 2021 calls. Thank me when you’re with a mistress buying a lambo.
Can only be shorted on an uptick. In other words, no short-selling into the bid
Can I sue mods for putting someone’s social security as my flair?
No Pl
The coins not looking so hot
Yes
I think it will dip to 13 if the market has like a -2% day, otherwise hopefully finds support at 17
[deleted]
Don’t a lot of people do it for arbitrage?
Just got pissed for spending $16 on some good wings and realized I don’t even get pissed when I lose $2500 on FDs
BAN
  
"Biden, Harris to Make Remarks on Economic Recovery Monday" - Bloomberg 

&#x200B;

SPY $370 at open
20
Bruh if Monday’s go up why is there a sell off Friday last hour
I would go with the strategy of just not going back to robinhood but all trading apps
Agreed. I fully believe psychedelics have huge HUGE potential for mental health as a whole. No clue how that’ll translate in the market, but at least we are moving in the right direction. Oregon with the decriminalization/treatment plans is a huge step in the right direction. I hope the proof will be in the pudding years to come looking back.
10 to 15 to 4 here ama
All their shit is trash, their “roadster” is just a Porsche 356 kit car
What’s the ticker?
[deleted]
I don’t understand these charts. Just tell me what strike and I’m gonna yolo
Thanks a lot now you dumb fuck
Futeeees ripping!!!
Coronavirus pandemic is on borrowed time now.  Short tech
Taco
About 1 million per car made per year
Imagine paying retail on a shoe marked up at least 1000% 🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
Some caveats to Chinese markets:

1. Cost cutting is king. Their cars are as cheap and expendable as everything else.

2. Most people can't afford cars, and you have to apply for a permit to buy one.

3. Success is just as often dictated by party connections as profitability.

4. Their stock market is full of autists like us, making them extremely volatile.

5. While a number of Chinese companies have soared, crushing competition in a few short years, on an aggregate level China's company's growth is mediocre. Most of China's market cap growth is from thousands of microcap and small cap penny stocks entering the market rather than Alibaba's and NIO's house of cards growth.
Never forget that Covid is and has been great for the market, even if it's terrible for the actual economy.
Trump will probably hit China with more tariffs but they can easily be canceled on January 20th.
I would never sell at a loss I’m not dumb
All indexes hover between -0.14% and 0.21% for the entire night. Endless parade of retards screaming ‘bulls fuk’, ‘bears fuk’ and ‘green by open.’ Everything opens up flat tomorrow AM and tonight was all for nothing. 

There just saved you the next 12 hours of wasted time on WSB.
Kinda irrelevant imo. Nio doesn’t do business outside of china yet so they are fairly insulated from American politics. Atleast i hope
⚰️⚰️⚰️⚰️⚰️RIP
[deleted]
the market would over react to any chinese stock
[deleted]
Fine gonna watch trile of Chicago 7 for fucks sake
Dads been sucking Li’s dick the entire time. Mom’s Coochie drier than the Sahara desert
Really long DD ✔️

Alright I’m in
I don’t have any idea my imagination ran out right after I read your question. You got me
Godspeed my friend! You my guy have what it takes! I BELIEVE
What ya smoking
Trump doing no such thing 

COVID no longer much of an unknown 

Glad you see the reality it'll go up
How far do you think PLTR can go up this week?
CalPERS needs quick cash though. I am surprised that they got clearance to hold NKLA. It seems the SEC isn't mad enough at the security yet.
The market has decided they aren't going to believe any turnaround before the cash flow hits the books. So calls before Q3 or even Q4 earnings will probably eat shit.

The good news is the online order flow is insane, games and consoles are selling out the moment they come in stock, and Jim Bell thinks cashflow is sufficient to start paying down debt early.

Still long, but shares or longer dated calls will perform better.
PLTR 30c 1/21 is the new GME 30c 1/21
Bolzarf Huckt? Phone call for Bolzarf Huckt! Guys, is there a Bolzarf Huckt in here?
As a US administration moves in that puts universal healthcare near the top of their priority list.
Now do tesla!
[deleted]
Stocks were crashing at the end of October. While shitcoin was mooning.
Cool, let's get this done by January
Cry me a river... me and OP are the only ones older than 19 and it's obvious by the fact he's been working 10 years. Yall were still having daddy cut your steak up 10 years ago.
right, CMPS is “best of breed” here in this space
stonktropolis
It’s all downhill from here. As soon as you leave RH, you’ll lose more.
I’m sure PLTR is going to be worth way more than $15 in 2022.
NIO calls and ROP puts
Damn your username is fitting... I’ve been selling calls and fucking up a lot lately too... I sold 50c’s last Tuesday... was shitting bricks Friday morning, if I only waited to sell the calls on Friday instead it would’ve been beautiful
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well it is a question of what you're trying to buy and what price. I mean if you just want exposure at any price with a specific leverage you can calculate that and just enter that as your limit price and be done with it for your target date. If you want entry you'll pay the spread but it looks like the Nov 20 is only a spread of 2 points so it's not wide on the 44. I don't know what your plot is though in the long-run and the answer changes based on that.
People who camp for new shoes are literally 🌈. They cost 10 cents to make at a sweatshop in Bangladesh and you’re paying 400 for them.
You're welcome
Maybe it is just the places i move around, but through last days there really seems to be lot of PLTR shilling. Not sure if it is a good or a bad thing.
RemindMe! 365 days
What?
No ETF that tracks shitcoin price?
I can’t wait to get my microchip tracking mandatory vaccination and miss the fine print on the waver that hands all my data over to the deep state while I’m happily signing for my mark of the beast; all while remember how odd it is that Jeffrey Epstein didn’t kill himself
Got it.

Bought calls on nasdaq, aapl & tsla /s
[removed]
Yes and I pulled out at the peak with a bag heavier than DEEZ NUTZ
Link's!!
Sorry bub, govt would rather spend that money on the pentagon  and massive “small businesses” like yeezy
not if you need the money soonish
I bought contracts last Friday sold half Tuesday bought more Tuesday sold all on Thursday lol. To expensive for 30 days out now lol I only do FDs now
So much potential
I need to learn Forex eventually
I would disagree with your suggestions. 

The 4/12 date (or days around it) seems like a reasonable guess, so we'll work with that.

Assuming you have some cash on the side and own TSLA shares (or calls for after 4/12) I think the best play is to buy puts at the time to protect your downside if it doesn't get included. Then if it plummets you buy the dip and ride the bounce for some profit. Should it get included it will rocket so you will lose out on the put but the shares and calls you got should greatly outweigh that loss - obviously you gotta close losing positions at the first second the market opens to limit losses.

If you don't own anything I'd just buy some calls around 4/12 with a 2-3w expiry. Again buy shares if it dips.

How does that sound?
Another week... another...
Just based on the likely market for Berotralstat based on HAE and ignoring potential COVID applications, a lot of folks seem to have it at or more than $8. Positive Galidesivir news could boost that and negative news could drop it.

I think it goes up to $6 leading up to Bert. approval December 3 and then either climbs closer to 8 or falls a bit based on the whims of MMs. That's I bought calls that were ATM when I went in.  Will be holding on to my 3/2021 calls into next year hoping for more positive catalysts unless this thing moons after Bert. approval. Think my approach is pretty conservative and that I'll quite possibly regret not having a more aggressive position, especially with this recent news, but am waiting to see if the market reacts to it at all next week.
👍
Nio is worth 6 million dollars per car made this year. Now that's some value added manufacturing
Everyone bragging about the virus but look 🦠is green. This is all you need to know to buy calls.
[removed]
Ok so he gifted to the trust. Otherwise the trust gets a step up in basis
Their new case count is like 200 per 100k people as of yesterday.  

The US just cracked 100 per 100k.
You were late to Tesla and now you wanna be late for nio
Covered.
Where did you get this plot?
I think you guys will be fine. It makes perfect sense for the market to be red tomorrow, which is exactly why it will open in the green.
Buying 200 shares of DKNG, long on the donkey schlong
Long calls
Feb 19th
Silver linings
Best case is nio moons and the value plus their nikola holdings break even. Dumb managers smh
I feel this
You’re right, I came in hot. It is a pretty silly article and headline.
No one cares about that lame duck shit bag! Gyna numba 1!
the gates open
I could do a split. But then id be an indecisive  pussy
Calpers needs to take risky plays to satisfy those obligations. That's likely why.
[deleted]
Lol do you wear a helmet when you yo outside?  I've never seen a more retarded comment
He can't do much without congress
Should be a possibility since you can for forex pairs
Palantir is the new FB
Yep
Keep going. Spiral out!
hate it but have to agree with him

&#x200B;

fking boomers think that we gonna stop wearing mask last monday so they buy calls on carnival

even nio has some sort of value atm than fking carnival...
lol no wonder why wsb has gained attention. Killin it. Bunch of salty ass boomers if you ask me.
Guhh
I cant wait for the pltr memes
 Mah Freedums! 🇺🇸
are they though.

the more i see NIO pumped on here, the more I suspect we're being played by ching chong bots
I admire your stones my good sir
Yes, you learn not to take bullshit from your managers because flipping burgers for minimum wage aint worth your damn time when you can make that month paycheck in a day
Who let you in here
Ya I should’ve checked the temperature before I moved on this
PLTR
Man this shit is too fun gambling on jd and nio earning. Next stop vegas
Okay guys 11/20 SPY , bull spreads or bear spreads ?
Agree
VSTO
[deleted]
it's grannys fault if she wants to pinch everyones cheeks and eat turkey. If they all just stay inside they'll be fine next year. Can we think about my small business instead of people's lives PLEASE.
TRUMP PLANS LAST-MINUTE CHINA CRACKDOWN - AXIOS

Not great for NIO?
That still comes out to much better tax treatment. It takes 12 years to reach the tax of a single long term Capital gains and all that time you have the money to keep investing in new trades and getting further returns.
Brown rice flour   

Good way to grow 🍄
Seriously, so sad
SWBI
I mean I just want to know what this guy is looking at ? -20 points on the Dow is drilling?  This is a new level of autistic.
[deleted]
[removed]
Take it slow and ride the wave up or down.
We’re fucking pissed
As I said before "There's more reasons to stay at war rather then just benefiting the military industrial complex".

Oh, just an FYI, I'm not saying it's right. Just trying to explain the situation. This is the new world order that America has created (NO, I'm not talking about NWO conspiracy theory). But if it makes you feel any better, the order is changing.
What is happening in 42mins?
True. But for every one they get right over there, they get 9 others wrong. There’s so many pumpers on there that write really nice write ups on so many companies with fancy research, stats, graphs, etc., that it’s hard to determine which ones are legit and have a real shot at blowing up and which are scam companies. 

That being said, when I originally read about NIO I highly considered investing in it and did my own research and just decided against it for certain reasons, and that belief that it couldn’t be “the one.”
Pandemics are bullish so no...something bad not good
Fuck them we are number one 😂 plus they were ahead but it went down since they lockdown according to what I saw lol they know have like 30k cases again after they peaked at 60k
Haha I’ve been trying to do this but damn it is fucking hard to watch more than two tickers at a time for me.
Hold NIO
Wouldn’t be surprised if 2020 ends the first year ever stocks go left
We all loading up at market open tomorrow!!!
U high?
If you plan to lose it just venmo it to me
PSTH and hold for 3 months, thank me later.

If you are feeling lucky buy PSTH calls strike $25 and expiration in March.
It does
This is all the DD I needed, NIO $50C 11/20
Who is that? I only know PUMPLOSI
The best part about holding China stonk calls over the weekend is being to watch them live in Long Dong at 8:30 EST. 🤠


Praying
Lol I try and I’ll write some DD on it tonight
>SOLO car.

said no one ever
calls on crumbling
shitcoin is selling off to rotate into the market
GBs only ban bet on alts
Oh fuck I just started as a California State Employee, CalPERS was my plan for a luxury retirement...rip
I made it from $750 to 5k after September. You’re gonna have to slack off at your day job though.
Pink or ban
Yeah best thing to do is take profit when you can and don’t over-leverage in singular positions. You can always make more profits but only if you have remaining capital to work with.
We already do they're called nursing homes
Facts bro haha. Very well put. I will have to make a point to get in tune with my feminine side when I trade from now on.
Wtf
Green futures opening in 42 mins.
[deleted]
Assume I have 3K to lose.

Throw it all at PLTR? Or hold my nio...?
Timing in the market is for stocks. Timing the market is for options
Been chasing that dragon ever since...
Brz R FK
We are all F - Winnie the Pooh is coming to town
haha. First time I laughed today. Might even get to 90k before he dies.
it took quite a long time for the bearish outlook to shift on tsla. nio has a lot to prove before that outlook changes. the numbers will reveal the truth
Thugger is my dad
Imagine if shitcoin had options.
McDonalds going up
[deleted]
you get to shit out back with the dog unless PLTR prints tomorrow
Wsb: endgame
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** COVID round 2 my entire asshole

**URL:** https://redd.it/juufsv
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juufsv) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Mpy71, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
DunzoWashington
account07272019
jojofroyo
Sayter
jaguarpawww
satireplusplus
dum_townerino
Ribbythinks
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Sorry about all this
[deleted]
Show us the 50k and then ban
[deleted]
Yea right exactly, we don’t have a big enough population or accurate enough info. But if it’s the PM, you know it’s real and you know we are fuk
If you control for population size,  France has double our cases at the moment
For bears 🐻
hahahhaha fuck
Every post about NIO makes me gayer. As of this post I’m wearing a rainbow g-string and blowing a guy named Jean while Brokeback Mountain plays.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Kang market is fucking me. I need it to stabilize
Inverse ETF's were booming
Shitcoin not looking good. Always a good indicator for stocks now
Reminder: Bear R Fuk
How about trading on lsd instead
no
Lmao imagine the panic of people who just bought in post election at 360+
Instagram but for money not avocado toast
There are many of us. Muhahaha
We’re years from psychedelic therapy. Weed is still federally banned. Long positions sure but I got no patience
HULK GREEN SOON!!!
Since everyone is so collectively bullish, this stock can only go one way. Down......
Only if you take the time to learn from it.
Puts are gonna print.  Converting to islam.
That’s right. If you don’t have time you got nothing
Fucking meme potential
OP isn’t sure it wasn’t luck
Ugh 🤦‍♂️ poors
[removed]
Yea,, there have confirmed been cases of second infections, but they're rare
Oomp won't go. Will it crash?
My wife is a doc - it's getting crazy out there
It looks like it’s missing a little over half the car lmao
Can we be honest for a minute? Bears are sad and crying at open 20x as often as bulls are.
[deleted]
 **اللَّهُمَّ رَبَّنَا أَنزِلْ عَلَيْنَا مَآئِدَةً مِّنَ ٱلسَّمَآءِ تَكُونُ لَنَا عِيدًا لِّأَوَّلِنَا وَآخِرِنَا وَآيَةً مِّنكَ ۖ وَارْزُقْنَا وَأَنتَ خَيْرُ الرَّازِقِينَ**
Wow, almost no up days at all. You certainly were consistent.
[removed]
I want to hear the stories so I have hope to try again
The fact that he’s asking makes me worry
This will be my last options play I do this year, 80%-ish of my profits from Options since June. 

Entry Points @ $2.94 & $1.93.
Good plan, but we all know you gunna put 20k in calls instead
Why would China care about some shitty ass pump and dump company ? Their money will be on better ones.
There are girls here? Hi I drive a Toyota Yaris and spray myself with AXE instead of showering, nice to meet you. 😜
45min until this party starts!  Who is F?  Place your bets💵.
I'm reading all the institution investors holding an accumulated 10%, 80% remains locked up, there's 10% float on this thing?
ARK got in at 9 dollars and change.

If anything, this highlights why you should give your money to ARK, not PLTR lol
IBKR gives unrestricted access and ez funding options. They also have a sick app. Just gotta lie about your income in the app and you good
Yea but I don’t give a shit if your alt gets banned lol
Shitcoin predicting 345 open.
I’ve been down 30% before. If you don’t let yourself try to chase losses or trade on emotion, you can make it back.
Chill, my bad, your boy's stoned. read MP as PM, this shit shouldn't even be on the news
Wow so PLTR really is on it way to meme status and related mooning? crazy.
I did the exact same thing with a shitload of Tesla ($180/415) and even posted screenshots on FB flexing about it. Fuck me.
Sorry but I was told Autists need repetition.
What are the green ones?
Here you go https://money.cnn.com/quote/shareholders/shareholders.html?symb=PLTR&subView=institutional it’s actually 2%
Run bull run
I know someone who actually tested that, the boomer didn’t buy the bullshit
Futes gonna be green because stocks only go up and to the right
Pussy
Just listened to PLTR's ER call again. God damn there's no way in hell this stock doesn't go to Jupiter in the coming months.
Not unrealistic since it gapped up 10-15% last Friday and it ended up going down -8%.
Greed is too powerful. Start meditation
I can't think of anything more exciting than crack cocaine on mars
Whatever you want it to be. I already bet my account NIO closes green on 11/18
I went from 17k to 1.8k to 27k in my robinhood
[deleted]
i mean didn't you just answer your own question? You've already proven you can grow from 2K.
You asked for a ban bet and I gave you the prediction tom
I'm shittin at your house....
link or ban
Like maybe a researcher reports that the virus keeps mutating and is uncurable, that would be kinda cool.
People always say stupid shit like this. -0.2% = “drilling” +0.2% = “mooning” apparently
What do yo mean?
Buying 20k worth of Palantir shares and quitting options after my spy puts expire worthless tomorrow.
That’s why the fourth will be the way my man
[deleted]
You’re insane. Best of luck!
What’s the bet?
Is rkt moon dis week
Yessir
This
What was this graph originally for? Zero context is not the best context.
They are in a trust and we have been taking the deduction for many years.
I guess it’s news worthy because if Boris does test positive after already going through the wringer once, he’s probably kill and that we either have a new strain of COVID or immunity doesn’t last as long as we thought (or we don’t actually get immunity). In which case, RIP everyone
Btfd
SPY 370c 11/20
Yeah makes sense. Also, that’s why I started using them, to stop watching every minute, but when one didn’t trigger last week I gave up on setting them. It’s def helped with taking profits though and not getting greedy. Getting greedy is how I blew up my account when I started.
Post your positions - If its true - I will YOLO 56k on Monday into this stock with you.  Or if WSB prefers - we can group think a 56k YOLO Call/Leap strike prices.
PS5 or new XBOX
RIP GME and NIO
Anybody ever made it back from $2k? I went $2k -> $6k -> $13k in the last three weeks only to end up back at $2k fml
Pepsi girl here
WORK fucked bulls on earnings like 3 times

no one is playing that shit
Sorry u mean Pelosi?
lol no
[removed]
American here, how do i invest in european stocks




Said no one ever
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/oJDXT the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fuk u ur fuk
Because while profits go up so do expenses as they keep expanding and tweaking the super complicated software.
papa musk has covid as well.
Novice investor here. For my education, which broker(s) allow trading at those early hours? Mine (Fidelity) allows 7:00-9:28 for pre-market only. Thanks in advance!
That's a lot of $ because Canadians retire when they're like 22 or something crazy
Download Uber and refund it. Say you got the wrong order.
I remember, years ago, Wolf Blitzer was interviewing Rand Paul. On the topic of selling weapons to Saudi Arabia, who turns around and uses them on civilians they don’t like and sells them to Salafist terrorists in the region, Rand Paul said that we shouldn’t be doing something so abjectly immoral. Wolf Blitzer responded, “But what about all of the jobs selling weapons to Saudi Arabia creates for the US?”

The look on Rand Paul’s face is the same face I’m making to your comment.
Wanna sell a CSP on BABA this week but it would be 95% of my portfolio if I got assigned. Too risky?  I’m confident in them long term but don’t want to bag hold for a super long time
46 minutes till blood 🟢
Helps to put it in perspective lol

Could definitely happen but it'll need a catalyst
>consistently
I'm not in NIO at all.
Harsh. You hate the government so you want to see a private company that employs thousands fail?  Get a life.
[deleted]
I agree, they do need to follow the rules but people are actually retarded. Bars being packed right now is causing some big issues
Yerp, selling everything before close Tuesday.
I just noticed your account is less than a year old, be honest, is this an alt? Ban bets don’t count on alts
[removed]
Why don't we just lock up and quarantine high risk people instead of 90% of the population?
Turn back. You want nothing to do with that one
Up up down down left right left right a b
to the death with my puts too this friday, here’s to hoping! 😎
Are you serious? Did you read the article? Did you even read the headline? Nowhere does this say Boris Johnson tested positive for a second time. It says an MP that he had contact with tested positive. 

It must be hard being that fucking stupid.
Shitcoin on a steep pullback
March 16th.... 2020.... what a day. I remember it so vividly
👏 Realize 👏 Your 👏 Gains 👏
Anyone playing work for ER?
Say what you want about us but we really know how to break records. USA number one ☝️😂😂
JD WMT BILI. Gettin rich this week bois.
My nips can only get so hard
Yes but xpev and li continued upward because of the overall buying and hype of Chinese ev as a sector. Tied to the hype of nio earnings. Hence why they all rose and fell together. It’s a possibility it rises through earnings, although it’s more likely that it sells off.
Puts on your kids’ nutrition
I'm being a bit /r/investing dickhead here but alcohol has demand that goes up in times of economic need.

People find a way.
Yes so i'm obviously stoned. read MP as PM. (also why is this even news worthy to have its own article..) carry on
I wonder how much in dollar value was lost that day.
Yeah just what we expect tramp supporters to look like. Nice pairing
Coke vs Pepsi? I know Warren All You Can Eat McDonald’s Buffet has a big position in Coke but their products are ass. Pepsi has Gatorade and chips Americans like snacking on to contribute to their waistline.
Most likely happening PM tomorrow I presume?
This is the WSB version of that chick on FB who post memes that say stuff like “I am strong, I will conquer the day” with a picture of Everest.
No, earnings will be fine because they are calculated on its actual sales forecast, not its share price.

The ER will likely be fine and beat expectations. What you need to worry yourself is:

1. Iv crush(short term) 
2. Heavy shorting by funds(short/mid-term) 
3. Any negative announcement by the Chinese gov(long term)

Otherwise the Chinese evs are sheltered from the fuck up going on in usa because, well, the Chinese Market is just fine and ain't locking down.
Buy a bunch of stock of company a.   
  
Sell covered calls.  
  
Login with different account. Buy the call.   
  
You’re now a MM
I hope so
BRO WE GOT IT THE 6TH TIME YOU POSTED THIS.
https://preview.redd.it/award_images/t5_22cerq/94pn64yuas941_RocketLike.png?width=64&height=64&auto=webp&s=bf3a2c642ad50547087d770c65c29777970d3af3
Ah, yes, sorry, did not catch it from your first comment, get it now:)
You really wanna know why the Phizer CEO chose to sell off a shitton of his stock?  The Vaccines are gonna be a bitch to distribute, States are broke and need Billions in additional funding to train up personal and buy up equipment, like freezers that cost tens of thousands to store the vaccines at -100 Fahrenheit; a new round of Stimulus to fund all that ain't gonna come through in time to set up the logistics, so Phizer's CEO decided to cut and run and make off with 62% of his stock while the gettin is good...  


[https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/14/health/covid-vaccine-distribution-plans.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/14/health/covid-vaccine-distribution-plans.html)
hopefully low, then a big run. i gotta buy in!
A boy can dream.
EOD
I Think we’ll see one soon
[deleted]
So just 1500 to secure? Pretty solid — what was the strike and premium? I might hop in the same idea tomorrow
makes me feel better about my $50 call 11/20
Lol uvxy shares
Wow that’s actually a pretty good way of explaining it
[deleted]
By when
Stop eating paint chips.
VIX and other voltality trackers.
Let the depression begin in roughly 45mins
Yeah some politician he was near tested positive, not him.
No we do not need a lockdown. What the fuck are we supposed to do hide in a hole everytime case load starts to increase? People need to just follow fucking rules
Spy calls, simple and easy and a good way to turn that 50k into 150k or 0.  Way I see it there's more upside than downside risk, in the biz we call that risk management
wsb just never learn... they think stock either move straight up or straight down for the duration they hold call or puts. In reality, they spend months going side way and do a pop and a dump.
Like a pandemic?
Since no one has said it yet

CIRCUT BREAKERS!

Haha not likely in the slightest, but I do miss those days hehe
NIO below 38 or ban
[deleted]
I'd hang that on my wall.
Being right long term doesn't equal money short term. The IPO lockup doesn't end until Dec 21st.
he didn't loser
🤡But then you wouldn’t have time for your mandatory unconscious bias training🤡
It might be r/wallstreetbets and their order flow. I heard you can make some money inversing them.
10 PLTR 1/20/21 18c
100 Shares



Checking in. 
Buying more shares this week.
Im telling you guys this has meme stock written all over it. Hop on before its too late
Honestly I like more of the new age rap. The “SoundCloud” rap because it’s more focused on beat and flow rather than lyricism and old school beats. But I believe they aren’t as talented. The producers are talented lol
seems like theres more bearish news on most major news outlets about the rising in covid,  than there is positive news about the vaccine. rocky waters ahead
Compounds overtime though CSP’s are they way to go
stocked up last week.
Imagine being a bear. I could stand being gay or being miserable, but both at the same time? Sheeeiiiiiid
It’s called bankruptcy...
My point is that 0.5% in either direction can easily flip through the night.  Big %% in either direction though has more weight for the next day.

Meaning it's a waste of energy to watch it all night or be anticipating futures all weekend.
😂😂
VIX
Can the relative equivalent of their income here afford EVs? Asking for a friend.
Yep. Makes sense. March 16, November 16th... Market gonna crash on Monday!
Can someone cover my pizza? I’m balls deep in NIO and have nothing left for myself. College student here
Dam
[removed]
Venezuelan bolívar?
All that old people have left is seeing their family, i genuinely feel for them but I don’t know how many will spend holidays alone
Classy. 

Ban
Unless he gifted the shares that’s actually not true
what strikes
Yeah, if the movement is hella violent/quick sometimes they don’t get triggered. However, i’m looking for something to help with my paper hands issues. I still keep active monitoring everything, but hopefully this will allow me to let the winners run a bit longer than my history and prevent me from then fomo reentering for a more expensive entry/possible loss.
I’m taking it in the ass
I hope you’re right. My $45C 12/18’s would be happy
Now it won’t happen
jeez
[deleted]
CBAK doesn't offer options, I was sad when trying to buy, but I loaded up on a couple hundred shares instead. We'll see how it goes Tuesday after they report their earnings and guidance Monday AH
$20,000 in NIO shares at open.

$10,000 on FSR shares at open.

$5,000 on calls for NIO and XPEV at open (this will be your yolo play)

$5,000 inti CODX shares

And save the other $5000 for the rest of the week if you’re tied up
It is actually sad that i look forward to seeing them as well knowing it doesnt mean shit unless your trading them
So you didn’t even read the headline?
Futures.
Meta agree and upvote your comment
No one tell him
[deleted]
I don't know how to answer that question because there are many courses on the topic and some are free on YouTube from colleges and others are in books that are written for less technical individuals. It's really just a matter of what you want to find?
Now it won’t.
[deleted]
Less than 50min and we booming
im gonna guess we will have a lot of red tomorrow and a handful of stocks that just go to the moon and take off green, 20+%. namely medical and stay at home tech is what im thinking will pump. zooms due for a heavy green day.
Doesn't Warren invest
Biggest mysteries in the world:

Who was Jack the Ripper?

Where is Cleopatra's tomb?

Is there a City of Atlantis?

Who built Stonehedge?

What will NIO open at?
so tell them to stay inside?
You knew you would get negative karma ya bear.
Last time I checked when you put all the chips on the table and lose they kick you out. I’m trying to stay in the casino so I can enjoy the hookers and cocaine! /s
Imagine all the people...
Panic selling all their stocks...
No support bellow us...
Above us only sky...
One more of these and boomers will get cardiac arrest before they can even panic sell, then is the time to strike.
They can't be nikola, there aren't any hills in China.
That’s sad fr
Yes, because he is a miniTrump doing a shit job with brexit and 0 EU trade deals (he is desperate to leave without any deal whatsoever).

Ergo, if he is removed market will go green.
ya I'mma make sure that my nieces (and any future children) are fucking set for life with that shit bro. will write some shit for them to read when they're old enough. it'll take care of it.
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-54954698
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-54954698
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-54954698
This guy fucks
Its hard for me to not think of jayrock just crushin that beat whenever i hear anyone rap over it
Siri, how do I delete someone else’s Reddit account?
I’m aware of it. I haven’t tried it as I am someone who enjoys the longevity of the trip. People say it makes the trip much harder and faster, and I can see why people would like that, but I enjoy the full natural experience and letting my stomach do the work.
My target is 35.
Warren Buffett is off to sell his shares and thanks you for your heads up.
[deleted]
link?
I know right, I just feel it’s gonna happen
You’ll get some huge green dildo in it anus don’t you worry
Learning something everyday
They need to teach this in high school TBH
And the stock market did not give one single fuck
Buy at open tomorrow
The only thing that could even remotely recover my losses is if SPY is sub-330 by January
By tomorrow? lol
Anybody playing TSN tomorrow at open?
This is my new screen saver to always remind me the market is rigged and stonks don’t always go up.....Said no autist ever.
Also remind your bull to pull out and not just pull through otherwise your wife might get pregnant again and then you will need even more calls...
I feel like a piece of shit hoping some extreme natural disaster happens in like the next 12-15 hours so my puts can print
ACB calls
How high do you think it's gonna jump? Read both DD's just curious on your opinions. I am going to do some more DD on my own and it seems like i'm gonna invest a decent amount into it too.
[deleted]
buy share on the Margin
Ok, give me a minute, ill give it a go:P
I’m cash after Friday profit taking and I’m still feeling red. Hope it’s not the case
Should of known better! Robin Hood steals from the rich to give to the poor... now is your time to stay
Everyone keeps saying it’s bearish on here but I find it pretty balanced today. I think Some hours are more bullish/bearish at times but it seems generally even.
Welcome to a month ago.
The middle class there exceeds the entire US population lol
I got in at the bottom.

But I diworsified into other markets.

Rip me.

Now I have to hold.
Imagine being bearish on tesla when it first started defying stock market physics and now being bearish again on nio. Retards be retarding I guess
Flat it is! All our calls and outs are screwed! Hahah
they can't, they yoloed everything on NIO FD calls last Thursday
PLTR all in tomorrow at market open
I wish my parents would have taught me financial literacy and the stock market when I was younger but instead they forced their shitty religion and shitty views on me and yelled at me for smoking weed. Oh well I taught myself instead . Better late than never I suppose
A fellow Latvian I see. If you are my wife’s boyfriend  please give me tendies so I can gamble more
You good
"car flipped 15 times, eyewitnesses say. They also added that they saw blood splash on the car 's windows." 10 pm news
Don’t scroll. Pussyfooting bears are about.
They’re legit going to the moon tomorrow
Just had to break it to my little brother that Santa ain’t real this year. Need to spoil him this holiday season. Any solid plays?
[deleted]
Yea because they actually went on a lockdown. Not United states
That’s like saying market open price action doesn’t matter because it can reverse on a dime by market close.
SBE - 50 shares
IPOB - 50 shares, 2 19C 5/21/21 
PLTR - 50 shares, 3 $15C 1/21/22 
I’m going to be a happy guy by 2022 😍
That's my biggest fear.
He didn't test positive.
Just sell her a reverse mortgage and let's get on with it
Same thoughts here.  Although I realize I'm retarded in this market.
CMPS gang
I don't see AAL moving up at all so this fella is about to lose some money
[OP right here](https://youtu.be/ac9o5eXnQjs)
[removed]
I’m 26, I have a great job in Oil and gas, and my car is a BMW, it’s used but I love it
Link?
Lol right? Even threw in the Australian homies for good measure.
I respect the self awareness
Only alt+f4 left bro...
I have a retarded suspicion that we shall see 25+
That's pretty interesting actually. Heating it would be more difficult though, no?
with all the hype its gonna have some big run ups and falls and im gonna play as many as i can.
Bears are fucked
Good one. Stanford shuttles are BYD
[deleted]
I've heard they were able to lower their COGS to nearly $0. Great buying opportunity!
Anyone here live in China? Can you ask rice farmers if they can afford EV cars? Asking for a friend.
False. There's a reason why there wasn't a blue wave. Dems didn't take the senate, dema lost footing in the house.
So we are not supposed to talk about shitcoin here. How about shitcoin ETFs?
My teacher told me the poors don't have as many options as we do so that's probably why
But your wife is holding both of my bags right now!
Too many bulls
https://twitter.com/jimcramer/status/1327739107573985281?s=19


My plan: buy bear stearns shares Jim. Big gap to fill right?
Did you get in on the break of the bull flag before it mooned? It was a decent pattern
Zoom out retard.
What’s the problem as long as it prints ?
[removed]
When will the share lockout happen?
Don’t forget Canada Pension Plan owns 1% of PLTR
Looking forward to the ROBLOX IPO. It is gonna be the only way parents can recover all the money wasted on $R by their kids..
[removed]
It opened at 51.14, I understand what you are saying. I think it was clear manipulation premarket though. It is crazy how much influence the article had, but there were other things at play.
A shitty penny stock
Spent all weekend waiting for futures Knowing they don't mean shit until around a few hours before open.  Even then can reverse on a dime.  What a way to live.
Damn really? I have put options expiring 11.20. 🙏🙏
I mean the market didn't react. I don't give a shit about him
Follow the trend until the end my friend. Cheers.
Why
LOL I’d love to see these positions
yellow*
[deleted]
Tech ERs have been garbage. I thought it was a pre-election thing but it's definitely holding over. Only one I made money with was corsair and even then the market tried to juke people out for the first hour or so after open.
Im blasting this https://youtu.be/yRfQGXFRr30 in my truck rn its dope
You give money to someone, he buys securities to maintain a promised cash flow until a certain date where all the securities are liquidated.
We’ve flipped from bullish to bearish and back 18 times this weekend per usual. Give it an hour come back will be bull orgy
I would cum
Sounds legit and plausible. They also took the UK NHS contract and created Palantir-Foundry for developing their Covid tracking/hospital data for a very small fee, a suspiciously small fee. There had to be another reason for why they wanted access to all of that data.
Where are you reading he’s tested positive? He’s just self isolating as he got in contact with someone who did test positive.
Found the bagholder 🤡🤳🏻
Worth you, ride or die baby!!!
He didn’t test positive for a second time. You saying unsubstantiated shit that you could easily look up is exactly how misinformation spreads.
Stonks aside we need a lockdown, old people about to get murked over the holidays
Trump also made it to where farmers on a visa cannot be given a raise
Nah they will cook the books as OP said lol
I just did this with tqqq friday close
psth maybe?
Xi's girlfriend's uncle told me he is buying 50% of the float. Bullish
NKLA for real? 
With the SEC investigation and Trevor Milton's nasty business, what's gonna happen when the insider share lock expires at the end of this month?

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nikola-lock-expiration-could-ticking-182035708.html
Europe didn't have a major holiday though.  

Thanksgiving is going to create another higher spike imho.
Yeah only if we do something about it
Nothingshake
[removed]
Dream come true.  I'm hard
Clearly meant the earnings call in december, or the earnings call after the earnings call in december.  Common now
I thought that from my wording that I was not suggesting the market would behave rationally.
Blockbuster calls this week
Wtf is that website ?!
It’s being out meme’d buy by every other EV. Markets flooded
i inversed the sentiment on Friday afternoon.  was way too bullish in here
it took years for states to consider letting EVs to enter the market.
All my puts expire 11.20, held till worthless. Lets fucking go.
TRIL
In the words of Tommy Lee Jones - "I don't care!"
i bought small leaps on friday, i think its oversold at this point
Stonks are green all the time, and all the time stonks are green 🍀⏰
so you lost all the profits and got down on money ... total of around 56k ... damn. at least you got 12k to work with. Easy to get back up there with the right moves.
Thinking about it
[deleted]
Fuck. Every single word is on point. 

Ban
Oh, the irony is not lost on me.
Fuck calpers yoloing my pension money on NKLA of all things.....
[deleted]
if we break and hold past 360 i’ll hold off a bit and buy some around 370 i guess. watching that 360 level though - if we can’t break and hold that i expect us back down the channel to 330 or so before another bounce
Actually just a few glasses of red
She doesn’t know what the fuck stocks are. She barely looks at her 401k. That’s the normal way. 

Each grandma getting into the market = market down 5% down each
All it takes is Gyna to think Nio’s CEO is gay for them to cut ties. Nio going back to sub $2.
would it not be irresponsible to not choose to shut down schools before market close tomorrow?
Thought it was a penis.
oh. back when evian cost more that wti.
Go itm with a strike ending in 0 or 5. 

If the stock is 50 and you think it's going up. Buy like a 50 strike. Dont buy 52.5 or some weird price like that


Also do a limit order. If you dont enter a limit price you will buy the ask and immediately lose moey
Fuck me man I want to live this again
With all the Chinese EV hype...what about BYDDF?
That's my point. If all stocks rose significantly including the indices the alpha of any given stock is not necessarily well understood. For instance Tesla went up immensely but at the same time so did SPY and all of tech so is the alpha in Tesla, the tech sector, or is it just systematic?
Oooof
[deleted]
Well I was mainly referring to doing something like a strangle/straddle I didn’t really consider the selling side of things.
Booze and cocaine I’m assuming
Philly announcing lockdown restrictions tomorrow. Just went to 5 different stores to find stupid paper towels. Toilet paper wars begin again
12/25/$1225C

Merry Christmas
If there is a pop would take the exit ramp imho.  

The last billionaire that pissed off Winnie didn't fare too well...I like BABA but may go into puts with a pop
Yay! The day I lost 20k of my 20k
Yes
Im up 69% on PLTR....all 12 shares. 🤡
Ahh the introduction to my trading career. Those circuit breakers were quite the rush. I want to frame this haha.
In the virus curves, we follow Europe 2-3 weeks behind and Europe's curves started flattening this week. Ours should do in a matter of weeks too.
SOLO, Xpev , NIO berz r fuk
Close to circuit breakers tomorrow
The hope that the Chinese gov backing IS the reason everyone is trading it.

Noone cares about its cars, how many it makes or whether they got wheels. 

People are trading momentum, not fundamentals nor growth potential, those were all left behind at the $20 price point.
TGT FB BABA crew ready for the pandemic
Long Pharma
Is this how TSLA ended? Good luck I didn't get in that scam company then, amirite?
that's not how ADR's work
[deleted]
Doubled down on SPY calls before election. I posted on my linked in somewhere that he VIX was going to be superhigh prior to election week and leaps will become relatively cheaper. That's where I doubled down. Wish I had more to yolo
Man idk if it’s just me but is it possible sometimes for a stop loss not to activate? I had it happen to me last week.
In all honesty, when the hell is GNOG going to be a thing?
A day before earnings? Tf are you guys doing over here?
thats gay as fuck.
 Bolzarf Huckt? Phone call for Bolzarf Huckt! Guys, is there a Bolzarf Huckt in here?
Sum ting wong
Shhh no one tell him
Damn... for real?! 

What are you going to name your hedge fund?

A few things I know about you already:  you’re new to this, you’re young, you have a low paying job, and you think because you made enough to buy a new civic that you’re on your way to being a pro trader.  Calm down, pup.  I guess we’ll just see if it goes up tomorrow or not.
sweet

any advice on increasing income/wealth?
Thanks friend
PTON and UVXY moon tomorrow while SPY goes to 350
More fear porn
Bullish after a phase of selling, I’m a millenial btw. Pretty bullish I am, but rather get more deals
At 30bln? That’s like buying NIO at $20
pltr wya
i don’t even know how manually doing a spread would work. Like yeah you can open a short and long leg but if you need to cover an assignment wouldn’t you have to have all of the funds to do that as opposed to it being auto exercised
Drilling how exactly ?
A few 11/20 but mainly 11/27 355 SPY puts.

Will double down later dated if we moon to 270 plus.  After that I'm tapped out lol
China need every $ they can get their hands on to break the us economy.

It's war. Nio, Xpeng and Li is a 3 pronged attack!

People arent getting shot in the jungle, they are losing their jobs back home in good ol' america.
Sounds reasonable, but stonks only go up. I don't make the rules bud. 💁‍♂️
60 by EOD?
Haha, well thank you good sir!
Aren’t earnings going to suck then?
Ok regardless of age (even tho she is more likely in her 70s than 60s) it’s not even a little concerning old people are buying up meme stocks? Lmao?

This is worse that tik tokers buying stocks imo
WSB inverse looking too good to be true rn
Sounds worse when you say it that way lol
Thats true for all ADRs. The  idea is that you can participate in an over seas stock where you otherwise wouldnt be able to.

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/adr.asp

ADRs offer U.S. investors a way to purchase stock in overseas companies that would not be available otherwise. Foreign firms also benefit, as ADRs enable them to attract American investors and capital without the hassle and expense of listing on U.S. stock exchanges.
Lmao they are Buying zoom. I wouldn't trust them
Am in cmps.

I believe in this wholeheartedly 

No clue how it’ll translate as far as returns, but the risk is worth it for me to hold
Thank you for your service
Futures
Did anybody tell you the shareholders won’t be out of there contracts until December? Nikola has retard strength right now, so buying anything on it is dangerous.
Guhhh
he bought... dump it
Steak 🥩 Tar Tar because I'm  a 🌈🐻. 😁
stretch? thats a full on lie.   


Without the US government tax credits that they have been selling to stay afloat as a company - TSLA would have died long before it reached the MEME stock company that it is today.    


TSLA exist in its current state because of the US government
COMPASS is dope, check out their website, https://compasspathways.com , their 100% without debate the #1 leader in psychedelic therapy/medicine by a landslide. They’re official as fuck, they also partnered with the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience (IoPPN) at King’s College London

My only gay bearish thing is that they’re doing some BS and only allowing their program/assisted therapy if you’ve been on 2 or more antidepressants, so us folks that have been on one or none that have mental retardation aren’t applicable

Anyways, the amazon of psychedelic med

NIO 80c 11/20
[deleted]
Shh, we aren't at $100B cap yet.
# Investors Don't Understand NIO's Long-Term Value, Founder William Li Says [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bjoco\_Gh0YY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bjoco_Gh0YY)

 Jun.12 -- William Li, founder and chief executive officer of NIO Inc., comments on the company's share price and says his company will make a profit faster than Tesla. He speaks with Bloomberg's Selina Wang. (In Mandarin with English translation.)
smack the ban
Statues?
I have a couple 11/20s too it sucks. Thinkin about buying a March call
Just carry a water bucket
He was in ICU...
I discovered NIO many months ago but bought into a small-cap oil company instead 🤡
yes
Senior administration officials are discussing expanding a Defense Department list of Chinese companies deemed to have ties to the Chinese military.
PLTR gang!! Where the fuck we opening tomorrow??? 16+ is my guess!!
Was thinking tommorow would be green for sure. The fact that WSB is so bearish makes me a lot more confident in that.
[deleted]
Stocks will moon tomorrow suckers! 🚀
Yeah probably.

You're asking for a 13% rise in like 6 weeks lmao
What’s yours Venmo, retard?
Your grandma been buying stonks since before you could walk
BRF = bers r fuk
Did you say tsla? Upvote!
Puts go brrrr
Your moms hot pocket and your dads sausage
Well, I bought some spy puts friday, so I'm ok with this
Everyone thinks spy is going to crash because of the lockdowns lmao.
Whats going on?
I am not Anti-American. I am anti crappy companies.
Just sell your weeklies once you get the chance
Funded my vacation just from last weeks profits. If you go broke move to Mexico everything is 50% off here.
Well I sure as hell hope so.
11/20 52c i got around 48$ stock price hopefully it runs up before ER
80% cash? And you call it a casino?
Bears are fucked?
My NKLA puts are bleeding jeeez
[deleted]
So all green tomorrow then.
Thats a ballsy pay.  If it holds .30 cent for the $20 then I'll gamble for 40 calls.  I risk 1200 for that shit
Lockdowns are what the Chinese government did, literally welding people into their apartments.  According to 🥭 Michigan’s governor was personally welding people in their homes.
Emperor palpating to Vader: Make the crystal BLEED a beautiful crimson!
Ribs and Brussels sprouts with bacon.  

Ribs and bacon homemade on my offset smoker
I’m dead serious
agreed, but im hoping its starting to be forgotten
[deleted]
You might want to see the big picture instead of just Yemen. The fact that USD is the world's reserve currency says a lot. Oil is traded in USD. Also, do you know that in order for me to exchange one foreign currency to another, my bank will have to exchange it to USD first? There's more reasons to stay at war rather then just benefiting the military industrial complex.
Shrek Cameron diaz says ok
Lmaooo, exactly this 🤪🤪🤪
ITS THE BEARS
Tune in every Sunday, and you’ll see how bearish it always is
Same thing we do every day Pinky.. upvote all the comments that agree with my position and downvote the rest.
Definitely feel that bro. Started a cycle a week
Ago and I guess I have to hold off. Know some buddies who are going to  Washington to lift tho
https://youtu.be/wiR6lYMOTzY
It would be crazy if this time it matters.
Jokes on you I only have $50 in my account 🌈
PLTR weeklies
What the fuck is PLTR? Why is everyone trying to invest in a company that sells peanuts
I’m expecting a giant green dildo of a Monday and Tuesday in the pre earnings hype. After earnings you say? Even more hype when it beats expectations by 200%.
Damn. Im really disappointed you can’t do this. Fucking gotta manually open a spread instead?
$F

Makes me feel like a patriot with the tv ads today!
You sure you’re not the boomer? We buy FAGTMAN here (Fb, appl, goog, tsla, msft, amzn nflx)
20s + 20s + 20s = 60s

chill guy, maybe when you are older you will realise that not everyone over 50 is a grandparent, smdh
Spoiler: ber r fuk
Don’t forget shitcoin!!!
This is confusing
One hour till berfukkelin
[deleted]
Coins selling off so spy will sell off tomorrow
I think wsb bears are finally right
https://youtu.be/Uscq2110yEs
This was his best song
trump called top friday, states implementing new lockdowns, just passed 11 million cases in the US, BOJO might have covid again after thought to be immune...
Because they only sold 20k last quarter and we don't live in china
PLTR too
thinking back to 8th grade christmas party in friends basement where I saw my friend sitting down against a wall and proceed to suck his own dick in the midst of a rowdy crowd.  I've had a splinter in my fingertip since last night, oh well, its been awhile since I've felt physical pain.  I've already experienced enough financial pain this year but the splinter makes me optimistic.  weekly puts on my sex drive for another 3 years.  i get enough cumshots to the face from puts as it is, no homo.  calls on life hoping for a volatile trajectory upward.  adapt to life and face the world its fun.
Umm yea...
what’s everyone having for dinner? Brisket and ribs I hope
I smell zoom calls
Again??
The parachutes are the stop losses.
Ally savings account.. 300 years
Roblox ipo presumely this week
NIO should just put folding wings on their cars, still safer than flying in a Boeing ✈
[removed]
Damn....don't invest in $ROPE
I went short Friday also. But the good news for everyone here is that the last 6 times I tried this, I was wrong. So,...the odds are in your favor. 🐻
Yeah, I totally forgot this already. But went back to my records, lost 50% of my profits that day. Pretty bad. But, this past Mon & Tues was super death for me.
BQ it is lol... the Chinese Chewy LETS GOOOOO
how far out? selling credit spreads for now, waiting on the action this week to go big on longer dated OTM puts
Lol we were green when he got it the first time
Nothing happened the first time he got it
That's what they announced on Friday.
my calls expire after this week so i expect full moonage next week
I did too, except I went leveraged short and that blew up when money printer go brrrrr
Nio Day?
I didn’t read any of this.. mods just ban him because I know it’s stupid
Being anti american is communist
Wouldn’t buy a Chinese car that is not QC to the highest standards.
Even Jap Toyota fails and that is another level.

NIO  can moon all it wants, no harm until the dump
50/50 split, NIO and XPEV
Strangles have up to unlimited gains though
Stimmy inc next week
Dude atleast offer me a tissue if you’re gonna make me blow a load in my pants.
Take your award fellow NIOnite.
[deleted]
On Friday they announced 20 million in December and another 25 million by January with 25-30 million per month afterwards.
If theres a bad earnings reports, i'd expect the grounds the limit as everyone panic sells
They did mid week bro
Gyms are one of the most frequent sources of super spreading events. Puts on gold's, LA, and 24 hr fitness.
BABA 's downward movement is due to CCP regulation and political intrigue.  

RCEP isn't changing that.  

Look at how JD and PDD have performed v BABA
That’s hawt af
Hooker was a 🌈 🐻
Got 750 shares of PLTR on Friday at 14.62$ - want to get 1000 more - anyone expecting a dip this week or do I add more at open tomorrow? 

I know shares are gay - they’re for the wife’s bf.
What happened to joey badass. Dudes jpints hard af
Something about how their true portfolio is likely up much higher and this is an early offset. It was posted here last week
[deleted]
How do they look the retirees in the eye and tell them they invested the retirement funds in a company that has only produced Photoshop renderings of fantasy vehicles with no tech or factories to manufacture them?
Aka looks just as overvalued as NIO
[deleted]
So gay.
Wouldnt that be just rad
NIO calls Monday morning, sell end of day before earnings
[deleted]
Another turnip boy the fork stuck in the road
Boris Johnson is Isolating due to possible Covid-19 exposure. Definitely not price in.
Sales projections make sense, but SG&A and R&D a tad aggressive? I like SPCE and think it has a long runway
Stop trying to help your Nio puts buddy. No one cares Nio $100 EOY
Bear population too high imo
You gonna share the DD? Better move than NIO?
Grandmas are not in their 60s bruh wtf. I’m in my early 20s and my grandparents are in their late 70s. 

They can have shares in their 401k but this lady was buying up weed stocks and pltr. Cmon now. The top is in. 

Grandmas are not supposed to be buying stocks.
[removed]
I made a nice gain on luckin right before the freeze myself. So lucky i was out.
Fuck yourself and your 200 dollar trading acct...
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
I like mushrooms on my pizza damn it I'm in.
wow this website looks awesome ! Is this company trad publicly ?
i hope youre joking but i also hope you’re serious
[removed]
Now it will moon on Monday! 🚀
Jesus how tf are we so bearish in here?
How the fuck does one "gloat" about fundamentals u daft cunt
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you look at east Asia. China Japan Korea they never stop shitting each other but suddenly everybody is cool and they made a deal. Now that’s the art of deal lmfao
Does Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin progress affect AMZN stock? Just because you really believe there’s correlation, doesn’t mean theres a connection, you’re very misled.

And I’m 20k this month, so I’m not losing money 😂😂 I’m fine
Im staying away from nio until iv chills the fuck out but I’m really rootin for all the bulls this week who hold thru ER. Y’all deserve it. Hope to see some decent gain porn this week.
https://youtu.be/R4uUn3BzWBs

🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
**LETS BE REAL, HAVE ANY OF YOU EVEN SEEN A ELECTRIC CAR MADE BY NIO IN REAL LIFE? HOW DO WE KNOW THEY AREN'T NKLA 2.0 BUT BACKED BY CHIKNEE GOVERNMENT TO COOK THE BOOKS?**
Ima have to get on board
.......

Date and strike?
I got no friends and no girl up here in Beaverton, gym was all I had 😪not even stocks motivate me now. Bullshit
Pre market monday as in tradition with pfizer last week so calls can print
You should split it,  50/50 options/shares
Didn’t Xpeng just skyrocket after earnings?
real talk: jerome powell
Wait for 10 more years like someone said here
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/pittsjm83 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"Shit hole country"
ACB got out the ten minutes before the bubble popped
I like the idea of waiting in line to swap out a battery for extra cash lolololol
Oh no I want to get into these plays myself but with rising cases and the dilution of shares after the pop on monday idk if american will get back up to it’s pre covid levels anytime soon
[deleted]
So puts on CMPS, got it
you're the boomer if you dont buy F. AG. G. O. T.
15 days to slow the spread
Condom on suck off. Deal breaker! Should have got a loss porn poster behind the Wendy's dumpster. Better bang for buck.
# 1 MORE HOUR UNTIL A CERTAIN MAMMALIA IS FUCKED
Half the car twice the price!
Aren't you part of the problem ironically
Best of luck 🙏🏻
If we buy enough calls it will
I have calls I’m just trying to let you know that there are no curses and I don’t think anyone can stop what’s going to happen it’s going straight up.
💚🦠🍏🌳🌲🌵🍀
[deleted]
No it won't happen
[deleted]
I will message you personally.
Too late 😉 you get a BJ 😘😘😘
I did this with mostly options. I had JETS, SPY, UVXY and a few others as options. Mostly msft, boeing, wmt and other stocks precovid.
I've been training for this moment my whole life.
😏
Hmm, is cash useful in a post apocolyptic world? I believe water, food, bullets,... Radio Shack type shit...
That's my next move
i only read these comments long enough to satisfy my confirmation bias. immediatly log off when I see news the the contrary. Also the Rune Scimmy is still an underated strength training weapon.
someone in this 60s has shares = the top? 

gtf
of course not, that statement was incorrect and stupid

puts didn't double in an hour wtf
Thanks for the tips, I read it all. Knowledge is power.
TOO MANY 🐻!
We coming.  Gonna be full on blue by next election.
Can we please stop posting about NIO.

I need new feedback.
 
             Yours truly ~Jeb Bush~
You either didn't read the rest of my comment... or you did and you have puts.
There’s the lemon party image. And the lemon stealing whores video. Other than that, I got nothing.
Way too many people going on about a crash, stfu and take this shrek dick like you do every Monday
Sell 20 covered calls for 12/18 $40
That -10k hit different
So hard rn
The only thing you will see trapped is our dicks in your wife, since we don't wait for turns

Nio 100c 1/15/21
He'd be doing a bad job if not
[deleted]
PLTR all in
I sold everything before the crash and got back into it after. Right place at the right time.
Yo. This is the way.
These are some rookie numbers. Gotta up these babies up.
Bought 600 shares @ 15.69. Wish me luck!!!
Damn you done fuck up fam
SNE 🆙 🆙 🆙
Lmfao I’m in
LOL
Not sure if nio is the move at the moment...
> Without any backing from the U.S.

That’s a stretch.

I agree China probably doesn’t care about NIO the company, but my real point is this graph is pretty 1 dimensional and doesn’t apply to anything until it does. Make sense?
[deleted]
I picked up a ton of 11/20 debits for cheeeeap Friday and have 12/18 calls that held up pretty well since they have time still but unless they explode through earnings and hold up Wednesday they’d get destroyed so I’m selling everything before earnings. I might pick up credit spreads but it’s risky as fuck. So I’m leaning towards picking up 25% puts eod Tuesday and just holding 75% cash into Wednesday to add to that position and/or start a different one. It’s gonna be a shit show after Tuesday so I’m gonna have to see that before confidently putting too much money into it.
There are other variables. Such as infrastructure, availability of recharging at home, etc.

Also, I don't have to be a consumer to play it. I don't eat BYND or go to GME but I can still make money off of it.
[deleted]
I doubt any of them ever heard of Citron either.
It was never $100. They did a reverse split, I think 1:20 when they became a penny stock the first time. They likely do it again.
this is incorrect
I think those could easily print. shit's up 100%+ in the last month and everyone is calling it the "chinese tesla". reminds me of the $IQ spike in 2018. All the hype was in FAANG and people were raving "chinese netflix! chinese netflix!" and pumping the shit out of IQ. It went up 100%+ in a month and then down like a rock for the next 6 months to ATL.
I’m fine with my good ol Tesla
Elon Musk is not one of the greatest geniuses of all time, you *absolute* dick-riding, simp, moron.
[deleted]
66 Minutes. 🌈🐻
Didnt realize how big the rcep trade agreement was. Baba (hopefully) and all other China based stocks should see a nice rise tomorrow. Just google/youtube rcep trade agreement. Its  noted as the worlds largest free trade agreement
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I started trading options on the 24th and bought all the puts I could... 😂😭
Any long dated puts would do
I was stoned when entering these positions. feels
❌🐻❌
already lost big. we all got blown out already
Actually monitoring is 100% communist. CCP has the most extreme government surveillance system.
Thinking the same. Will probably buy 250.69$ turbo calls
Puts to hedge my exposure to the video game industry because they likely will get side fucked this holiday season on covid vaccine news 🤡
Seems like you could help us all out if you buy puts instead
Always moons after earnings
Looks like someones ready for a yolo
Someone’s grandma is buying stonks?

The top is so fucking in.
[deleted]
I did that for 10 years,  I don’t want to push my luck any more 

It was fun but not for me long term
Hope it goes under 6 soon. I have puts expiring on November 27th
Maybe it's even possible that all players can live together?
Ah yes, another guy who thinks WSB can sway the market. I love it
I wouldn’t but I’m sure a lot of people would, they’re actually sick af
15, 20, 19
i still see green
70% was a little exaggerated.  But 50% is still guaranteed $$ and an amazing return.  No way to know it'd go to 50
Slight recovery on the Dow and now it’s drilling again,  ruh roh
She’s gonna halt!!!
can confirm
It ain’t much, but it’s honest work 🌽
I’ll take gold instead too
fascist architecture, very aesthetic. Big ups to Mussolini
[deleted]
100%

XPeng actually looks really good too.
[deleted]
Texas is full.
This is literally what a year of my tuition is 😅
"Pungent marijuana smell in front of the white house"
Inverse my moves then and print lambos. Otherwise flaunt your cowardice elsewhere
[deleted]
Is there a porn site called lemon something
Isn’t it the reason it was 100 because of the reverse split it had a while back?
Pretty sure if wAckman is secretly doing the opposite of what is publicly known like him fake crying like a lil bitch before when he closed his puts and went long back in March
If NIO has another big pump this week I promise I’m only trading SPY from now on.
I think there is huge confirmation bias with these NIO call holders. Not saying it cant moon but this is what happens when you know you entered the game late and are afraid like hell that you might lose big.
And thats how pump and dumps work
It’s a wrap!
Yes. China doesn't give a shit about any individual company. And Elon made Tesla what it is. Without any backing from the U.S.
I jumped all over the place a lot if it was weekly spy plays that really boned me. Also Tesla calls killed me
Puts that expire after the 30th.
Agree
I wish that was the biggest mistake of my life. Dust your ass off and get atter it. I’m sure you can make bigger mistakes than this in time.
Trump actually admitted that Biden won. Didnt you see his concession tweet?
Im with you! HAN SOLO FOR THR WIN!
> semi-employed

may i borrow that instead of saying borderline unemployable? it's just too perfect lmao
Hell to the no
bro theyre talking rolling out that number of vaccines maybe by 2022
He's one of them, don't argue with him!
Yes. Choose your team.
This literally comes down to,

Sir, do you want the kids meal? (weird ass off brand name)

or the super sized Deluxe with a milkshake? (NIO THAT FUCKS)
🍋 🍋 🍋
PE RATIO IS A MADE-UP METRIC AND HAS NO TIES TO THE REAL WORLD. It means NOTHING.
I like them young and not too established.
Had a nice gain on friday. Thanks.
This is my expectation, because if they ever did end QE or try to raise rates, the crash will be glorious, we had a small glimpse of it in 2018, and we are in significantly worse shape than back then.
Gonna use all my nio meme gains on more puts this week fuck nkla
If her boyfriend approves this is super bullish 🚀
Bruce wayne
No way. Holiday season? Even though Chinese aren't Christian, they buy shit like crazy during the holidays. Unless Xi decides to fuck over his own economy during the holidays I see no reason why BABA won't be back over 300 by January.
But what about the serial upvoter? Can they play too?
Definitely not
What's the difference?
I played that game back in march...... I fucked up
After market is 4p-8p est pre market is 4am est until market open
Would you buy a Nio car if they were readily available here
Deadass hahaha this shit haunts me dude
steve
Please bro no :( ima cry :(
The letters don’t even move tho is he tripping balls?
The hair of a young wizard
Ah yes, 3 days after I bought qqq233C. How could I forget
Fucking communist
This made me laugh greatly
Narrator: the printing never stopped
Edit: 20
Least I've got that to look forward to, shouldn't be to long now
To claw my way out of my floating -35K loss.
Check back in 'a few weeks' i.e. lockdown til buden puts nation in lockdown
❤️
I will be messaging you in 3 months on [**2021-02-15 21:50:04 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2021-02-15%2021:50:04%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/juafd6/gme_the_company_of_many_things/gcfhfq0/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjuafd6%2Fgme_the_company_of_many_things%2Fgcfhfq0%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202021-02-15%2021%3A50%3A04%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20juafd6)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Mr. Li gonna rocket us to tendie land in pre-market, be there or be *square*
Pour one out for me tonight bro🤦🏽
Me Vs. serial down voter. The game is on 😎
[deleted]
I am anti defense legacy companies. Google ftw. It is cute how some people think this stock is worth 200 dollars in a 5 years.
If skynet was real I’d buy that too
[deleted]
u/grebfar
All that is priced in.   Vaccine pump limits the down side
Same boat sorta, $44P 52C 11/20
Can’t have any waves if it’s a hoax
[deleted]
You can’t buy NIO calls so why does it matter?

BAN
SELL YOUR ENTIRE PORTFOLIO AND HOLD THE CASH!!!! The world's gonna burn for a while.
Roku to the fucking mooooooooon. Only going up bro. Hope ya’ll bought the dip last week.
Even if the launch goes challenger, SpaceX shit does not affect Tesla shit
Bet
Robinhood
Puts on turkeys
For what?
I’ll probably inverse this 👍🏻
How does this have anything to do with stonks other than the title?
whoa whoa buddy, we need a green day
I live in oregon and fuck kate brown!!!! These gym closures are ridiculous
20, 50, 100

algos + wsb = super growth
He also sold some shares that quarter. 

remindme! 3 months
Nice.
im not playing NIO
I think NIO = Chinese Tesla in terms of brand (high end, aspirational). But not everyone will buy a NIO. Maybe mid-tier buyers will choose Xpeng, and budget conscious will buy Li. Then there's Niu with EV scooters - the #1 choice for getting around in population-dense Asia.
I always have a hard time processing this news because my large tech positions are NVDA, AMD, and U. And I was in on U on day 1 so I'm way up, still growing but takes hits like the sector as a whole. 

I want to be long NVDA but not sure I want to wait a year for it to hit 600+
Nice your fam will be proud of the success from degen gambling aka “iNvEsTinG”
If you want to push away all the girls so you can focus on stocks just got buy a SOLO car.
My Chinese penpal told me the streets in Beijing are filled with NIO vehicles
You would have made some big gains if your expiry dates were for the end of December cause this shit will almost be de-listed this year
Opening green and all the gay bears will die quick deaths my only regret is they don’t suffer more
[deleted]
Retard gay bear

Does losing money get you off or something?
Asking as QQQ is up I’m chillin
Id be rich. My first 100x if 45
Of course
Fuck no. Not a simp. MGTOW all the way. Ladies that had 1-2 kids with another man never truly forgets him.. he's still there in her mind even while you're fucking her..
What is this a fucking ad?
Makes sense.
Yeah and find some charities to give to even if u don’t want to be charitable. you can use it as a tax write off
I bet half the NIO bears didn’t even know about the global expansion rumor. Your puts are fucked BIGLY if they announce that on the CC
Always vaccine optimism. Optimism about potential vaccine optimism pumps this 🤡 market.
Sounds about right haha
21, 42.0, 69
Yo what is the name of this board... link?
Oregon: We are not "shutting down" or "locking down". We are just "pausing" things for a few weeks.
It can bullrun after a big loss on monday, plz
In the east coast this week. Hope luck pans out somewhat this week.

Pray hard for me folks!
$465, it's good profit but he had a 2022 call so coulda had chance to run up more
stonkmania
You motherfucker take another upvote for giving me this tiny erection
No telling tbh hope we fall so bulls fucking cry
Is it 24 hours, 5 days per week?
When is Betchcoins earnings report?
I fixed it i swear
What? Elon Musk is the CEO of spacex and TSLA.  When spacex does well or has positive news, tsla has a short term increase in share price.  It’s investor sentiment.

Damn.  No wonder everyone in here loses money all the time.
Good news is there won't be many people left to take the vaccine so that makes distribution super easy
ur smart, small gains make money yeah it coulda expired worthless but man I woulda atleast waited for another vaccine pump later on but tbh the stock is overhyped literally barely makes 5k cars lol. Best of luck tomm man
Um, Hours excluding poor people..
It s not going down you dumb! It s giving one more opportunity to load up the calls before it goes to moon!
Shush don’t tell him...
[removed]
Nio is not the Chinese version of Tesla.  Xpeng is.  Nio is not vertically integrated like Tesla.  Nio don't even make their own cars and rather use subcontract company.  And Nio is wasting time with stupid battery swapping and don't have Supercharger network.


Xpeng has brand new factory, Supercharger network, and has cheaper cars that can compete with Tesla.  Xpeng is also backed by the Chinese government.
or it's a staircase
i thought they were awesome but then i tried to do a spread and they don’t support it. Like wtf? That can’t be a risk management thing cause you can short stocks. Wish there was a combination of robinhood and webull cause i do like webull’s desktop app and the fact they support all trading hours.
Lol he was voting this June in favor for new management for Gamestop. If you don’t know shit, don’t fucking say anything, it’s better for everyone.
What were the positions ?
Take my upvote just for the title.
They will eventually
[deleted]
buy  a PTON
Updated the wsb wiki when one of the mods said he’d flair anyone who helped.
peter thiel
That car is ass
That’s what % it was for the day. I sold it like 3:50 and if I bought them out  I’d be down 4.5%
Oh... and BTW... NIO is about to announce a "New" EV model coming up... 

NIO $100+
Next couple months? Do you read?
Will there be free $ROPE at this party?
MVP. I salute you good sir.
Thanks so much
Thank you for your sacrifice
Hope they print you psycho
[deleted]
Excellent
Michael Moore
It’ll be 50 by open
The day our Microsoft 200c guaranteed calls died
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/biden-advisers-to-meet-vaccine-firms-as-trump-stalls-handoff/2020/11/15/9b43a006-275c-11eb-9c21-3cc501d0981f_story.html

>Other vaccine makers are also in the final phase of testing their formulations, and Fauci said he expects those vaccines will also be highly effective

**bullish**
My dentist says I have an easy mouth to work on 😎
Why you spamming with link ?
I see 4 players in EV that actually have working shit. Li Auto, Tesla, NIO, and Xpeng. Tesla is set, they got Elon Musk, but I think the brand superiority of NIO will win at the end of the day in the chinese markets because they are following the Apple way of customer service ahead of everything else. The other companies can do it but they are probably behind NIO and Tesla.
who's rallying pltr with me this week? This is the way
Makes me sad
Who is the CEO of SPY?
Whats your motherfucking positions for 11/27
-100,000
Your an idiot all the news that came out over the weekend and with the uptick at eod on Friday shit will be over 50 by market open
Should base a religion off how accurate this is
smart man!
Bout mine.
I’ll be a mega retard swimming in my mega tendies
Meh it didn't actually make sense though
Nice of you to assume I have anything left
I think that nothing teaches you the true value of money like being poor as shit does
Chinese government vs Elon
More like sleeping with the fishes..
Ouch just double down on puts again for this Friday to make up for the loss
I've got march 150 calls for walmart right now but if theres a run up tomorrow ill probably sell and reload. 

Feels way better selling and taking profit than watching it go the other way. Apple's taught me to be more vigilant. 

Take whats yours and fucke the rest.
Fauci said next week but probably a couple weeks away.
By that logic you’re saying China the authoritarian government can’t keep this train going for NIO but Elon Musk the individual is what keeps his going? Is that correct?
DOMS 

i mean MODS
Because unlike most people here, I don’t expect a 10,000% gain. I have a set % gain of profit that I take before it has a chance to tank. And yeah, I should’ve held out a lot longer, I agree, but when I make 20-30% profit I pull.
Think of it as investing in your education. You made mistakes and got owned. Happens to everyone, you just did a really bad job with your investments. Knowing that, make changes and do better next time. Diversify, pick longer windows, etc. That said most of this sub are idiots, so you probably are too and won't learn a thing.
70% gainz is barely a profit??
:(
She makes $100k and I make 600k
Fuck me
RKT hasnt moved ever since IPO
At least come back down below double digits gains in a year when the global economy experienced the greatest economic downturn since the great depression.
That's my hope. It seemed like last week vaccine news was the dominant market trend. This week will probably be lockdown news.
Yes
They had a car division. They slowed funding for project titan significantly a year or so ago and most of the engineers they had working there went to Tesla.
I miss all the autists saying “should I tell my parents to ... their 401ks?”

Like your rich, boomer parents give a shit about the financial opinions of their minimum wage, semi-employed, junior college dropout kids.

I hope we can get back to that place soon.
Futures didn’t open yet right? Weekend down was -.22% and is only -.08% if that means anything, there wasn’t Moderna news (supposed to be end of the month) so we’ll see how futures open, hopefully big down
Moon like a motherfucker
How the fuck is it up 125%... lol
If you ain't getting downvoted by wsb from time to time you ain't shit!
Bullish me likey
Damn i sold pltr at 10.45. Hopefully your exceptional oral skills makes up for it though
Long Ford for the victory pump!!!!
you have made my brain cells go negative

good job
[deleted]
ie Citron.
😚😚😚
For You Autists out there... NIO is so Hardcore they "HELPED" XPEV get their deliveries on point. So what do you think NIO ER is looking like? LOL
Maybe that was a Christmas rally play, who knows. Only Santa will let us know pretty soon
22, 30, 50
[deleted]
Feel like it’s too easy to lose money on RH between unreadable charts, the lack of indicators and the limited hours to trade it makes it damn near impossible to understand where the stocks even going without a second platform to read. It’s set up for failure. Just an inaccurate squiggly line 🤷‍♂️
lol ber r fuk
Defeated by a meme stock, yolo’s into a weekly 50c on a $43 mid reversal prior to earnings. 

Good luck mega retard
Get more puts at open
Close your eyes, they can be whoever you want 😂
I’m all in nio bought at the bottom Friday right after I closed these
ESPN
Tell me why i should sell my 5 shares.

It was $100 not long ago. Seems a steal at $7.

Convince me
Excited to start use WeBull for trading this week. Really loving their interface so far but will have to see how it holds up under real trading!
sees head and shoulders clear as day on chart.

buys calls while simultaneously drawing said head and shoulders in the form of the middle finger clearly outlining the pattern.

never change.
I’m dead inside so no crying from me
No I did not.
chill out guy
I would nut so hard
Rest in peace... share lockup ends November 30th.
They do things even google won’t do 🤭
Same.  Im thinking we moon for a few days then elevator down.   Diamond hand those babies.
Smoochies
Dat good shit, literally.
When does Moderna announce vaccine stuff?
Shit is empty where I am and it is similar weather. No room for tents though.
>EU  

lol.  Because their shrinking population, high taxation, high regulation that results in 30% youth unemployment outside of Germany are all indicators of economic growth?
>I read the SEC filings when they IPOed, but forgot the numbers

That's all the source I need, I'm in, like in already in!

Edit: I read that the lock on shares runs out in March 2021, then a dip might occur, massive or not.
bold of u to think this market makes sense lol it doesnt, literally could announce a 50% effective vaccine and market will push ATH
How are you thinking of taking advantage of the high IV and what dates are you picking? You're doing CC's right. Nov 20 high asf rn, you selling spreads?
Yea what is SPY? What does it even make?
Yes please
Lol can't have a 2nd or 3rd wave if you never left the first
Different company
Do you think BABA will be below 300 going into the new year?
Somewhere in there $25-$27 or so. Made 53% profit and pulled out. And yeah, if you asked me, I am a small bit salty but there will be a huge profit taking yank at some point and it’ll be wicked.
He may have been your father, boy. But he wasn't your daddy.
I’ll be collecting my tendies from my BABA and buying more AYRO. Went up 165% with AYRO on Friday in 5 mins
That far otm on pltr?
I need tesla to bullrun... please papa elon :/
cuz it will moon
[deleted]
It’s going to up faster then anyone can buy it’ll be at 70 before earnings
O7
I was up 20k Thursday and held to Friday thinking it would dump more 😂🔫
Future headline: “Markets flat as tug of war between lockdown fears and vaccine hopes continues”

Theta gang💪
You don't have to vaccinate 320 million Americans at once. There are 40 million Americans who are 65+ years old. As long as those people can get vaccinated in the next couple months, virus death rates will come down by like 95%.
Put the rest of 12k in NIO calls at opening and you should make back initial amount.

But damn.
My covered calls got assigned. I think Im gonna go all in on PLTR and diamond hands.
This is the way
NIO will open at $350 tomorrow
17, 19, 22
Don't forget the credit market seized to the point where only the very most liquid securities still had a market. It was kind of a chicken and egg thing, but the credit side probably won't happen again with everyone's eyes on it.
Now only 1,591,982 dicks to suck
20 maybe this week.
We gone be riding SOLO and throwing out tendies tomorrow boys!
Someone is shorting weed stonks
[deleted]
hong kong 8:30 est time i think
Now that all my puts have expired this will be the week SPY goes -10%. I guarantee it.
i just wanna break even on my SOLO calls
Only thing certain. Wsb getting halved every 1 month
Idk what half these companies are anyways
Pandemic going parabolic, Trump starting a coup...

So markets definitely going up tomorrow.
Bitch I have my whole net worth in Options
You titled it like RH is the problem here
VIX to 45 by 6:01
I doubt it’ll die, but I don’t know much either. It usually pops, goes back down right after, then trades sideways until the cycle repeats from what I’ve seen the past 6 months
It is, I bought these last week I had $30 calls
Alex Karp has funny hair 

Phd in Philosophy 

Palantir is based of Lotr
We have about 40 million people who are 65 or older. As long as those can get vaccinated in the next couple months, the rest of the population can hang on and death rates would come down significantly.
mods
>People also saw how stocks performed really well and they won't want to sell as quickly.

Due to unprecedented fed printing and government spending

Where the hell did this idea come from that recessions are good for stocks? It's literally just the fed pumping in money at batshit insane levels to keep it propped up.

Reality is, Q3 earnings were terrible and do not even remotely justify these stock prices.

What should be scaring people is what happens when the printing stops?
Mods
Stay strong. In my opinion there's going to be a dip or two among this week's gains, just can't tell if friday's closing price is going to be the lowest it'll go
There's 12k people on wsb right now.  5 mins a bj  (I believe in you) that's 1000 hrs or basically a fulltime job for 6 months. Also 2400 pints. Good luck!
[deleted]
Bullish as fuck! How many times we got to teach you old man
This!
[deleted]
RemindMe!  5 days
it makes 0 sense, it is very outdated.
Back then I had only been trading stonks for 4 months

Lost like 11 percent in a single day and lost about a fifth of my money in that one month.

Not much but it still hurt
u barely made a profit on that, why would u sell an ITM call that's got over a year left in an industry that's the future?
I know this exactly.
[deleted]
a lot lizard has better returns than 90% of the idiots on here.
Yes
Futies 6pm ET

Edit: Also, this is not google and google will get you answers quicker 😏
The MAN. The LEGEND.
I cried that day
If BABA doesn't hit 275 this week, I'll pie myself in the face with one of my 17 month old's shitted up diapers.
Oh baby you'll be eatting way more than your own behind a Wendy's dumpster
no im just a sarcastic retard
This implies google isn’t evil.
Been following him for a while most of the time he is spot on unless market takes a shit 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78ILDo_eYPU&feature=youtu.be
TLDR please?
You realize even your drawing shows that it's going down?
So you’re saying my puts are safe?
Where's the rest of the car?
Oh baby!! My 25c already juicing :)
over 7 feet tall too
NIO isn't Tesla tho. Tesla has one of the greatest Genius' of all time as the CEO. What does NIO have? China.
> Unum (UNM) is a Fortune 500 insurance company based in Chattanooga, TN. 

Congratulations. You have found the most boring company in the world
19%
[removed]
ya i was speaking from memory didnt check the chart i was wrong. still higher than october at least
He deserves it for holding puts over weekend with sky high IV.
Lol
Hope you’re waiting to buy those puts, or set aside a bunch of bp to avg into them tomorrow and Tuesday. And maybe even Wednesday.
Can I just get gold from you instead?

Edit: HOLY FUCK. Thanks for the gold! Now I don’t have to see these stupid fucking day trading ads for awhile. 🤗❤️🤗❤️🤗❤️🤗❤️🤗
So flattish this week... theta gang💪
“Anyone buying NIO stock now is not buying a company or its prospects, rather you are buying 3 letters that move on a screen,”

I feel attacked.
Like it matters.
suck my fat cyber dong made by tesla, NIO is a dying breeze
Liquidity fears = market cb
Damn, opened post to make the same comment lol
Same king
Spy 369 EOW
OK. Anywhere I can read up on that?
Fuck all you motherfucking retards. Been bagholding Palantir since list date and you fuckers told me I was a retard for holding, when really I wan an autist. This POS company is gonna feed data to daddy gov for the next 20 years and there’s nothing anyone of you mentally handicapped Wendy’s employees can fucking do ‘bout it. In 2012-2014 this company was literally hotter than FB, making bigger moves, better contracts with CIA than amazon, eating up better engineers than Apple. If you’re tired of sucking on dick to fund your weekly calls, then try going all in on Palantir and sucking on these Fat Tendies, you helmet wearing, juice box drinking cum sock.

**PLTR to $100**

*TL;DR* — Eat my ass. Buy PLTR.
Nah WSB is definitely the Smart money phase !
I tried that and lost $20,000 of my gains when GME went up to 14-$15

I got 1,500 shares called away and only made $200
Ahem... Wrong
Who cares, free nut.
because peter thiel is gay and so are u
Uhhh for anyone using TOS, apparently you CAN enable trailing stop losses.

https://iamsimplesimon.com/2019/12/20/how-to-set-a-trailing-stop-order-on-thinkorswim/

I just found this. This would help me bigly on the paper hands issue. Hopefully it can help some others as I didn’t think this was possible to automatically place on that platform.
I sold you that January put. #thetagang
All publicity is good publicity.
I’m a guy, but I’ll wear a wig if it helps
Plz guys these lockdown fears posts have my puts precumming but, since I have them doubt it
So you sold when it hit $25?
Is acb ever going to die? All this side trading is killing me.
Also oil price wars between Russia and Saudis, crashing the price of oil.
Anette dawn, look her up
 Me and your dad
CEOs hair.
DD?
Rationally, lockdown fears should win out. There simply isn’t enough vaccine doses to go around even if they’re cleared. And I say this as someone who has SPX calls going into this week.
Fuck
When do futures open? And when does Hong Kong open?
You could wait for a consolidation. It hasn’t broken and held $16 yet, so it might be choppy for a bit
Going for another 100 shares on Monday then
Because why not, that’s why
yes lets hope all tech rises

teach these boomers that tech > value stonks
My ARKK hasn’t moved much in the past couple of weeks. Cathie Woods better moon me
36.37%
OP you put all your eggs in 1 basket, there are plenty of insurance companies out there currently just as beat up with that kind of yield.  (PRU, MCY etc)
I got 15 SPY puts at close on Friday , I am ready.
Fuck NIO.  TESLA for life.
If baba doesnt pop tomorrow i will eat my own dick
It’s evil google, contracting companies are everything proof. This is an unholy marriage of tech and war
MODS!!!
I had 5k at the end of Feb. Up 91k on this day from SPY puts. If I wasn't a retard, I would've did some leaps like some suggested but instead bled out most of it because "SeCoNd LeG dOwN cOmInG sOoN". 

The only leg that went down was my third leg. Fuck.
Spy moons to 365 open.
I have 1450 shares and I'm worried. They're just beginning to shut shit down in Canada because of COVID.
The boomers and value chaps from r/investing and r/stocks are talking about PLTR, lets fill your boots ya
Another month of lockdowns won't move the needle. MMs have ridden zoom high enough and are exiting now...leaving retail investors with the hot potato.
Nice red squares , i wish i could read tho
"BUT MUH PUTS!!"
Dogs and guitars two of the best things in life.  Peace be with you man.
This is why I have trust issues. That and my wife comes home late and smells like lube.
Because face it, mass surveillance is the future. And somebody needs to process all that data garbage.
Yessir
Lovely girl dawn
Are you a guy or a girl?
I would day mods. But they busying already doing your job lol
Exactly, if people actually are comparing this to the March crash then they're literally retarded
its gonna go up, down, or sideways
Nio 48-50 at open is my bet
Mods
maybe that'll change soon
It’s the same people reassuring each other. Anyone who’s survived at least one WSB meme knows how this ends.
RemindMe!  365 days
but i have no money to do anything
This makes me nervous lol
Should have bought everything F
30 mph is 48.28 km/h
But would the stock market care though is the million dollar question..
Do it yourself you weenie. Snip snap.
This guy gets it
what about citron?
(I really hope so)
12 by eod
lol
We ride at dawn retards
yea people are overblowin these lockdowns

but then again we might face a dip 

but march levels? nahhhh

i mean tech just faced their own version on monday...
About 35 and damp by me today, winds 30 mph steady, gusting higher.  All three joints in my lil downtown had their tents packed at noon.
PSA: if PLTR reaches $100 within 365 days from today, I will personally suck each and everyone’s dick *TO COMPLETION* here on WSB
This is true but its been doing this real slow for quite some time now.
And.......back then, Bernie was the leading Dem candidate.
Tesla is around a 7 PE based on 2022 numbers. I’m not a financial analyst but I read that for super growth companies they used a 2 year model? NIO was around an 8 and XPEV/LI was around a 6. But IMO PE doesn’t mean shit for these companies rn. So why the fuck are we even talking about this?
[deleted]
Bro RKT is about to blast off this week
3rd wave dude
Rug nudge for sure
You lost, boomer?
so will stay at home stocks have a comeback next week?
Why should i buy pltr
lol investing dot com. also its basically a huge waste of time
Probably 10,000
think we got ourselves a promotion bot.
I will be messaging you in 14 days on [**2020-11-29 21:38:04 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-29%2021:38:04%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jutjob/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020/gcfg046/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjutjob%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_16_2020%2Fgcfg046%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-29%2021%3A38%3A04%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jutjob)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
What stocks did you look on!?
solo cars; where you are the crumple zone
futures predictions:

&#x200B;

Small caps moon

&#x200B;

Tech, down
It obviously fell, right?

WSB putting the downs in lockdowns since 3/17
I thought GM Bolts was bad enough
Shoot, totally responded to the wrong person. No, totally agree with what you said.
And volatility will be shooting up into 11/30 earnings.
-95% 1 tax credit plz mr govment
how you think im gonna pay for that? NIO to the moon for my own sake
The real question is, which were the green squares?
The echo chamber here for NIO is getting to unsafe levels, was thinking about trying to get back in at a decent entry point but not after reading this thread for 5 mins. 

Had a NIO 1/21/22 $20c bought in Aug for $880, sold for $1345 when it hit my typical % pull out.
I’m seeing that RSI was around 85 at the high in early September as opposed to 64 on last Monday. You definitely could be right, though. I haven’t take a major short position
The market could go either way and it'd make sense
No worries OP is incel
That’s smart if spy makes a big move up you make out good cause it’s only 2 dollars a contract
Next big play is IPOB. Entered at 15.50 with a few thousand shares and lots of warrants and calls. Really hoping for big things with this one
What else is new? Lol
Id wait. RKT is showing bullish signals expect a 8% run this week
Lol pretty sure if you bought SOLO car, you wife is going to divorce you the second she saw you
You’re fucking retarded. Enjoy losing out on this one as well. Get rekt. Enjoy wendey’s.
dude u always call for 15% down lmfao
Absolutely beautiful.
Just fucking crash so the bulls can make a killing all over again and the now-wiser bears can too and then the bulls can still always say *Yeah well I did it twice bitch* in typical bull fashion
!RemindMe 2 weeks
I mever played that one, but i love those bridge xonstructor games then a truck drives over it and crashes your shotty bridge to the ravine below
Aes is also a multinational power generation company but it was like under $10 just a few months ago. This is a legit company but its hella expensive as is
Yeah you bet....💩
5% is rookie numbers
19, never selling im not gonna have to be worried for a while I think.
Dont care if it drops to 25 even
The number on top of the line is a lot bigger than the number below the line.
Bush was very common - even became the President at one point
[deleted]
Means big moves coming soon, thread volume goes up markets move to wipe out most of thread
THE LITTLE FUCK WILL UNDERSTAND WHEN HES OLDER
 Come on nio, let’s get these $5 puts ITM
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
bruh its gonna make us into millionaires
What the actual duck is that
How we playing walmart & home depot this week?
If BoJo gets covid twice that shit would be wild
[deleted]
Idk man.
This will age well
I lost a lot of money
I am a simp for futures
Usually people posting charts on wsb are smarter than us, but not today
cuz bears r fuk
https://www.reddit.com/r/photolinks/comments/jtoh8p/_/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
You did this strictly stocks and no options? What did you buy that would be long term and still return 700%?
Oh shit, you’re the real deal. Followed.
scared money dont make money. big nutz play here
Gonna dump all of my RKT shares at a 5% loss and put it all in PLTR. Can I make a comeback?
This
The actual number will be much higher than 38%. This is just the ones willing to admit it.
It's not too late. Especially for Li this upcoming month
Sorry for your loss bro
It can move quite a bit - when vaccine news came out it went up 16% that day. Daily movement of ~5% in either direction isn’t too uncommon
I see. Never mind then I was thinking in terms of 2-4 week expirations. That's intense! I like the occasional Tuesday or Thursday 1DTE to play with a little while most of my stuff is in weekly short puts. I don't yet have the stomach to have $4-500 just evaporate in a few minutes.
What was it like getting pussy in the 80s?  Was it mostly bush or shaved?
Priced in
Feel like PTON will hit $110 again by the end of the upcoming week. Still a strong brand and gyms won’t open up any time soon with lockdowns and restrictions looming.
March 17th was the first city lockdowns leading into March 19th the first state-wide lockdown, which was Cali

SPY on March 19 was at 240

Any bears want to volunteer to tell the class what happened to the market the following months?
Optimism always win
$370
Zoom calls BA puts this is the way
Can you explain that slower
Still have to pay for flights, but you get a $4000 voucher.
I’ll be cashing out my pton and baba calls and switching nio puts to calls
Nice V shape recovery
AAPL has 200 Billion cash on hand.  They could enter any industry with that and do really well.
Sugar mama when?
Looks like we going to lockdown again!! Lets go sell sell sell
Sleeping on the Dolphins
NIO is taking the whole EV market to the moon
Just amazing, this seems like the least likely option for absurd growth.
You're selling Nio puts? What strike?
It’s steady here now but when we pump Monday and Tuesday for earnings it’ll be overextended like Friday morning and drop again. Some of the big money that doubled down Friday will take profit, bears will come back in and then paper hands will panic sell. So smart retail will take profit knowing this is bound to happen and also help with the price coming back down, and then we’ll get back in at a lower price again. The lower it goes the better for bulls. Especially with nio day coming up in Jan. We have 3 big catalysts in the next 3 months. I’m trading nio through February 😂
these treads getting bigger than nfl ones
Bro you just hit me with an ad? FUCK YOU
It's actually not a bad idea. He's a negotiator, and if he concedes he loses all leverage. I don't think it would change the election results, but if they uncovered Dem election corruption it wouldn't be a bad thing.
[deleted]
L
Where TL;DR
Won’t that pump BABA too? If anyone can expand outside, its BABA
LI calls too then, yah?
Flair checks out
what the fuck is covid 19
yeah if it goes down it goes fast but we filled last sunday’s gap and bounced, tested 3550 many times and it’s been acting as support now. youll always see RSI divergence after a gap up and consolidation, what matters is we made a new high on higher daily RSI from early sept to last monday.
if you look below; thats exactly what im doing. I feel like theres a lot of possibility for some negative headwinds related to the 3rd wave to destroy the euphoria of the last 2 weeks, but long term, theres SO SO SO much positive vaccine news and herd immunity news to come in the next 6-12 months.
They don’t. Too personal but he’s a repeat John so she makes exceptions 500 is 500 is 500
NIO holders - what do you think - LI and XPEV moves with NIO into earnings? or does it now take a break and go in the opposite direction
My favorite quote is:

An nfl game is 22 well excercised men watched by 70000 people who never go to the gym.
I’d cum
Yes if you commit
Nice.
nah
Vaccine hopes vs. lockdown fears

Let's see which one wins this week.
[deleted]
Don’t tell them
I always liked hanging out at bars of nice restaurants. I like being around older people I guess. Young people are such cunts. Not you guys you degenerates are cool
Did the announcement today ever happen?
Most people on this sub do not even have 25k capital
We open green, remember back in march people were screaming about a second wave.

Well looks like the second wave is here, and it may be priced in since we all have been talking about it for 6 months.
Citron put their “research” out THIS close to earnings for a reason.

This is the last chance they could reasonably convince enough traders to panic sell.

Also the last chance for long term stock holders.
ZM mooning this week! If it goes to $500 by Friday, I'm buying a Porsche and posting pics/gains
All in on Neo-Geo
Always. With a combination of shares in undervalued companies that have the potential to rise in the short-mid term. All about risk tolerance and position sizing for me at this point
It requires two shots like the pfizer vaccine.
Before I quit, I used to just get shitfaced - poor man’s time machine
Check their comments to see if they complain about the pattern day trade rule
Shit i almost forgot. Thabks buck tardwater
Move further up the food chain... EPD
11/20 $20c
Would definitely let you shoot on her face. Might even make Pancakes with your baby batter the morning after.
Apple car announcement would give the stock a solid $1 boost
BABA plz follow NIO aka your hot cousin
check my profile
You might want to read this, which has been discussed around here if you're following along. 

https://time.com/5911543/pfizer-vaccine-cold-storage/
Pre-market +25%
“With my patented trading system you can avoid this happening to you📈📈”
I thought the same fucking thing.
Even if we open up green I'm going to hold my puts I'll expiration.

I CONCEDE NOTHING.
Tech up
Stay at home up

Oil down
SPY down
Airlines down
I legit feel bad for the bears who bought my NIO puts. You guys really just paid my car bill and groceries for the week.

Ty
losers
Lol I was just about to comment 'buttt what about....' until I finished your comment
NIO to Pluto shoutout Future & Uzi
[deleted]
Wake up, cry in the shower standard monday monday
If this is a typical Sunday...

-Futures open down -0.4%. 

-Bears celebrate, run victory laps. 

-Bears call for limit down, circuit breaks, rug pull.

-Futures quickly recover and turn positive.

-Bears call it rigged and say that futures don't mean shit.

-Futures go even greener. 

-Bears get quiet.
Up .5-1% premarket and then slow fade till EOD, finishing red
[deleted]
Bears thrive on the weekends. It's the only time they have a chance of convincing people to believe their bullshit.
What's that latest spike from?
Lol
When you take a joke too seriously..
So.. what makes you think SPY has 98.7862% AAPL ?
76% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading spread bets and CFDs with this provider.
Good time to buy some cheap calls for Moderna news
I agree it’s exhausting and I put way more effort into than my full-time job (usually up till 4am doing research) and I get fucking burnt staring at charts all day. I take a lot of “sick” days off work to trade too. Are you full-time trading?
gonna cream myself when NIO and LI shoot through the stratosphere.
Same, fuck 🏳️‍🌈🐻
She’s a diamond in the rough. Probably cleans up well.
lmao RIP to pensioners
SPY about to be redder then the devils dick
$6 .

$7 if all goes well this week 🤞
355
Guhh
Charter is big down in Florida, charging old people $400 a month for DSL.  It’s great.
Fuck Covid 19 ruined all my holidays this year. Lock ha down then what difference does it make
but what about tomorrow?
365 eod 370
They bought on end of September before the first squeeze to 14, they could well have predicted that and sold out entirely by now
Buy gym equipment now !!!
Okay now do one with Tesla
The last time SPY was at $358, AAPL was at $139. Now it's barely sitting at $119.
Riced in
only thing keeping me from leaving cali for austin is the heat and humidity. and small non-hub airport.
Omg yes bears are fucking rampant rn. #callsrsaved
But that's not at all what happened in the prequels. The prequels are Palpatine engineering a galactic war that killed trillions in order to slowly erode democratic principles until he was able to declare himself an emperor and shut down the war.

Trump is throwing tantrums cause he lost.
17.7 million
Imagine thinking MRNA has a working vaccine
Interesting and a definite possibility. I’m bearish, though, because of the divergence of RSI and overextension of the bollinger bands on the weekly, as well as the massive gaps that could get filled quickly
[deleted]
[deleted]
I thought about it, then looked it up and was F no, who the fuck is going to buy that

&#x200B;

Fisker on the other hand.... looks like a very nice design
Sorry he alrdy cured it with DayQuil
Rug push for sure
If they existed, would buy them.
bout tree fiddy
[deleted]
This is the way
So to mars then
True whether it’s a pandemic or NIO
Would hurt the shit posting
Aint going to try to time it with puts.

But ill be DCAing into LEAPS on my favorite value stocks, because after the next season of "stocks pull back on covid fears", we'll have a slam blast of "Pfizer vaccine given emergency use authorization"->"first 50 million people vaccinated"->"covid cases declining, show evidence of herd immunity"->"increase in airtravel, states relax mask mandates due to herd immunity"->"we're seeing recovery faster than normal"  all big headlines in 2021 that are going to make the pfizer vaccine pump last monday look like kiddie stuff.
I’ll give it a try thanks
Mine would go off the screen
Exactly this. PRICED in
I’m going all into PLTR 😈
This is the reality. China and the EU making big moves to dethrone the US from #1. while we alienate everyone but russia and the saudis.
[deleted]
Unless she's rich, steer clear man. You're just going to be living in her world always second to her children. Not a healthy situation for you.
 **72%** of client accounts are **long** on this market
The problem with this sub and why there is such epic loss porn is that they treat risk management as being a pussy. You can make some badass trades but all that can be lost WAY EASIER. You should know if you got this sub. Easier to have a GUH moment than a big short moment.
I’d cum
I cashed in on the high IV. Some poor bears bought my puts when IV was like 200%
Bye bye ms. American stocks. 

Took my tendies to the tech calls but the tech calls went down. 

And good old bulls were getting fucked hard by bears, saying stocks were only supposed to go uuuup... stocks were only supposed to go up 😔
Lost twice to the saints
Buying $ZM now???? Bro that train has come, gone, and is about to derail.
Nvidia earnings this week should result in AMD going over 88. 3 reasons
Earnings bad AMD (their rival) goes up
Earnings good AMD (same industry) goes up.
I prayed to baby jesus asking that AMD goes to over 90 by the weekend.
Absolutely false as far as stock price is concerned
Then you convert your strategy into a wheel and never panic sell
I wish you could see ppls net worth beside their comments lol
Big if true
[deleted]
Lockdown fears, We already have been through it. It's gonna be priced in for a certain percent and won't be as harsh of a pull back as march
too busy battling a MILD case of covid as the news headlines like to spam
“ You don’t have to give up performance when you give up gas. Zero to 60 in 10 seconds. ”

Top kek
Taking out in April of next year. Before the quarterly results. Thatll also give me a cushion of tax on long term capital gain as it'll be more than 1 year at that point.
Idk. I think we’re too far out for this pump to hold. Maybe in a few months
You son of a bitch I’m in.  Calls and puts on Monday.
Oof. Spreads could go bad. Wheel gang just bag holds til recovery baby 😎
I bought further out calls too
So the play is to get nio calls in the morning, sell them before market closes and buy puts, sell those puts tuesday market close and get leaps.. gotcha.. gotta inverse all that..
Lol
I’m excited to see everyone jumping on NIO earnings to learn about IV this week.
His ‘gf’ has to be a stand-in.
Think he said it was all of his savings
consolidated in this zone for a while, treasury yields in uptrend, no big macro news to fuck us up. my PT is like 380 then we probably correct again. unless more states go lockdown sooner
Is this what a 401k is?
that can easily turn south lol
Why don’t you take out your initial investment plus some ride the rest
Where's the rest of the car...
You'll get your wish buddy
I think that’s Mr. Bean’s ride
Inspired by fish heads
He'll make it back and then will have an amazing dinner story. 

YOU DID WHAT!
What’s the game plan, options?
“I am delighted to say that after eight years of hard work, as of today, we have officially brought RCEP negotiations to a conclusion for signing. The conclusion of RCEP negotiation, the largest free trade agreement in the world, will send a strong message that affirms ASEAN’s leading role in supporting the multilateral trading system, creating a new trading structure in the region, enabling sustainable trade facilitation, revitalizing the supply chains disrupted by COVID-19 and assisting the post-pandemic recovery,”

Apart from the 10 ASEAN members, it includes China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand. Officials said the accord leaves the door open for India, which dropped out due to fierce domestic opposition to its market-opening requirements, to rejoin the bloc. RCEP originally would have included about 3.6 billion people and encompassed about a third of world trade and global GDP. Minus India, it still covers more than 2 billion people and close to a third of all trade and business activity.

Holy motherfucker. shorts who think NIO/XPEV/LI are worth less than $60 billion are insane.
Stop. I can’t only get so erect.
THE THREADS ARE BACK
Fsr
 nick chubb with the points shaving
Sportsman's Warehouse. Made some money on it before the first lock down. Don't remember the ticker though. Too lazy to google.
Nio 7p 11/20 you'll either lose a dollar or make a million
probably the wave of legalization happening too having an effect
[deleted]
0 correlation to TSLa
what if the underlying tanks though
Not sure if I should trust the flairless but it made me good money last week so I’m buying a lot more Monday and holding long term.
🐻 trap starts at 70 bruh 😎
Ahh, finally someone that knows how to read. :)
I've been like fucking constantly fighting off severe burnout.
Not playing NIO this week trying to stay out of weeklies 😒
I want to learn. But like not learn,...just given a step by step.
[deleted]
NIO credit spreads before earnings
[deleted]
Will hit $60-70 Tuesday/Wednesday. Set a reminder if you have to. Literally betting my entire portfolio on it 😂
I wish APPL opens red tomorrow .
10%
😂😂😂😂 calls to puts right away after seeing a picture
Reopening plays were mooning again on Friday too though
Retard
In buying $25 5/21 tomorrow at open.
That's what they want ya to think!
DAILY REMINDER RUG PULL TOMORROW
Confirmation bias is all the rage these days.  Trump absolutely loves that shit, and everyone else is following along.   Wish I could go long confirmation bias.
Its robinhoods fault you lost half a million dollars yep
Appreciate the insight. I’m very close to putting my 2-weeks and taking a year off of working the 9-5. You’ll never know if you don’t try and I’m confident in my abilities to get re-hired
Sunday night is the worst. On Friday/Sat I know the market is far away so I can do other shit. But right now it's so close, yet so far away. Elon needs to get off his ass and make a hibernation chamber or some shit so I can skip to about 8am tomorrow
[deleted]
Those are great  shit
Why? Any new news??
💯. Definitely ban.
Ford (F): High div yield, on a bull run, will hit $10 by 2021  
Majestic Silver (AG): BUY THE DIP  
Genpact (G): bout to moon past $50  
Realty Income Corp (O): nobody ever lost money investing in REITS  
AT&T (T): BUY THE DIP
[deleted]
They gonna rotate it into EV
yeah but people play with options more often here. why?
NIO to moon above 65?  Praying.
How the fuck can you post this format without sound?
“Here’s how to say no to getting together with family on thanksgiving “

Just say “nah” bruh wtf
Same here
Just googled it lmaooo imagine whipping one
Epic bull trap.  Rise Monday and Tuesday. Get all the bulls back in.  Then PLUMMET.
“Here’s how to say no to getting together with family on thanksgiving “

Just say “nah” bruh wtf
I trade on news during those hours and on m/w/f doing 0dte shorting on the intraday movement of spy.
Welcome to 2001
I sold NIO 33p 11/20 x5 to 🌈 bears. So both
Exactly, meme potential is yuuuuuge.
[removed]
This....
So huddle in your basement.
Because it’s fun and I get enjoyment out of reading  about companies, TA, how I can gain an edge etc and it fits my personality type
Ya maybe for a day. Then right back down we go just like with PFE
Stoked about my puts
That's fair. From my perspective though, May is a long time out and the median price target is something like $120. You can't go wrong with taking what you've got right now though!
Just because is shouldn’t doesn’t mean it won’t
Altered Carbon already did it.
Yeah it's pretty difficult to break the habit of taking the profits in front of you while letting your losers "develop" into winners. I think we're trained to have that mindset from other facets of life.
NIO gonna sink Tuesday
You playing earnings or just watching?
I like this because this is exactly the play I had in mind.
you gonna be on the markets about to put in an order, and then you battery run out and fuk you up
WHY HAVE I NEVER GOOGLED WHAT SOLO CARS LOOK LIKE 😂😂😂😂 WHAT THE FUCK ?
Markets pull back on lock down fears.

I can feel it.....
Comment your SPY projections for Monday morning!
You didn't have to time anything well to make money. "Oh shit its going down, short. Oh, now its going up, long." The easiest money probably in our life times. All the retards who think they know how to trade because this market was easy will give it all back
6X2= 12 retard... so 6 times
I’m thinking if it’s above 80% no crazy side effects and only one vaccine we shot to mars
glow1:wave2: Everyone please bank your items there is a hacker going around killing everyone and looting their bodies
Weird your gf calls me the bull
At your wife's boyfriends penthouse.
Why do you say that
Thank you. Same. Love all of you idiots.
black monday sale????
My fear was also cuz of the vaccine news by MRNA.. fingers crossed
Calpers got out of their deep OTM puts right before the China virus crash.  I’d fade these people.
Bought baba,nio,zoom,Tesla  on Friday looking out for a rotation back into tech to downsize my oil position looking at adding to my palantir position and possibly getting out of my Nividia position
[deleted]
I find stocks do the opposite of what the public sentiment is. Price target of $30 after earnings.
Nah. I think it’s a good play. But all eyes on NIO this week bruh.
looks autistic
i do whippits of propane
Get out now while you can. All news shifted from presidential elections to coronavirus. Markets will start to drop very soon.
[removed]
I saw a bridge constructor game for the fucking walking dead

we hit the peak

puts on TWD
The US is gonna be left in the dust
Pos me daddy
[removed]
[deleted]
Only do this if you wanna be a millionaire
I’d honestly be ok if they don’t, but can they not get bad news and crash and ruin me like both AMD and BABA did???
W/ a good earnings report who knows how far this can go. 🚀
Already have 24 contracts up almost 100% in two days lol
There’s a Home Depot here in LA where I’ve seen the same group of laborers for the past decade and they’ve never missed a day even peak pandemic. If there’s one thing I know your food crop Pickens is just fine.
This guy thinks
370
This week might be pretty slow bleed imo. Wait until panic sets in.
Huge tomorrow huge green dick
Pretty much. Everyone thinks futures will be down 3% by 8:00 PM. Sometimes it happens bears celebrate bulls panic and then by 9:30 market opens up 0.56%
SpaceX getting NASA certified so TSLA opens Monday at 420.
[Another way to think about these lags is that some of the people who are infected on Thanksgiving will enter the hospital in the middle of December, and the morgue around Christmas.](https://i.imgur.com/gbYalP0.jpg)

https://twitter.com/edyong209/status/1328058397430833154
How did you acquire such a top tier flair?
Get out of the gyms and back on those PTONs.  101c 11/20
Thoughts on CORR?
I was going to get MRO. But CORR seems to have a better track record
This is priced in idiots, they literally already bought the stock
Mommy?
So WSB autists run the largest US pension fund?  Lol!
im on that wagon.
NIO kills earnings, goes into the 50s

!remindme 3 days
Nice, would definitely take some off the table, incredible luck here and not sustainable but either way won a lottery essentially.
All I’m asking is PayPal come back to life and maybe go above $190, and AAPL go up past $120, anything more I’d cry tears of joy.
bought a wireless mouse and keyboard, fucking best decision this month
How much is your portfolio up for the year? Anyone going on vacay or selling because of taxes?
This is youre one free win bro, stop doubting yourself. Everytime you believe you will do bad it bring negative energy into your life, stop bringing yourself down, if you’re that shitty at trading you need to pick up a different hobby
I am glad we understand each other .   If your trying to make back your losses I would recommend buying stock or call option on NIO or SPCE.  

SPCE you can probably make some easy money as they have a very important test flight in a few week for FAA certification.
Only thing that matters is MRNA phase 3 results. Over 95% efficacy and we moon.
GEt CORR.
Sell my nvda 2 shares and sell my 3 shares of teva. Use the fains to buy CORR.
400 shares and I saw options are available now
What are your predictions for the market this week? 

I think SPY might drop to $345 based on astrology/TA
**Earnings:**

* [Earnings for the whole week](https://i.imgur.com/iH1ju0y.png)
* [Highest volatility earnings](https://i.imgur.com/ntRgt4A.png)
* [Earnings before open Monday](https://i.imgur.com/gWF9VV2.jpg)
😂😂😂😂😂
I hope so covid is crazy big gretch gone take care of us
Bullshit.  I’m never going back to an office and there are plenty of companies like mine that have gone 100% remote.  Though I will say that MS Teams is the preferred choice over Zoom for large enterprises.
Tbh I wouldn’t be surprised. Retail is bullish af.
[deleted]
Clorox aboudda blowwwww
ZM just hit the 21 weeks EMA last week at 360, I guess it will go back to 500 soon.
“I am delighted to say that after eight years of hard work, as of today, we have officially brought RCEP negotiations to a conclusion for signing. The conclusion of RCEP negotiation, the largest free trade agreement in the world, will send a strong message that affirms ASEAN’s leading role in supporting the multilateral trading system, creating a new trading structure in the region, enabling sustainable trade facilitation, revitalizing the supply chains disrupted by COVID-19 and assisting the post-pandemic recovery,”

Apart from the 10 ASEAN members, it includes China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand. Officials said the accord leaves the door open for India, which dropped out due to fierce domestic opposition to its market-opening requirements, to rejoin the bloc. RCEP originally would have included about 3.6 billion people and encompassed about a third of world trade and global GDP. Minus India, it still covers more than 2 billion people and close to a third of all trade and business activity.

Holy motherfucker. shorts who think NIO/XPEV/LI are worth less than $60 billion are insane.
Please reassure my ZM calls. I'm jacked to the tits
Elon getting covid so TSLA $500?
I really really think the market Will be red tommorow, therefor ill buy calls
lol why would they drop at these cheap prices, institutions are still loading up
nio boutta pull a luckin and y’all are gonna be fucked
They have been doing well through COVID I guess
Hot and caustic?
Ny shutdown, wa banning biz meetings
38% of Americans are asking for it.
🌈🐻
[rate my new gf](https://www.reddit.com/r/TikTokCringeAnarchy/comments/jujzz1/ive_officially_made_it_to_crackhead_tiktok/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
All I see is some great deals
Is it worth getting into a call at $260?
NIO will go big tomorrow.
How could any of us go broke on nio tho
you cant beat NIO

its the chosen one

take the red pill, autists.
This is subjective, however many you want to stay positive in the case the underlying rockets
[deleted]
u/J-Macadam check this comment out bruh
I have calls for nov 20-dec 18, so hopefully 😁🤞
2020 be like: “This ain’t even my final form yet.. gay bear activate”
Always does
*The attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed.**
Is it always this bearish here on a Sunday?
Yeah the bullish sentiment is very high. Strange to me but I think it’s because of vaccine optimism & “resolved” election
You must be new here.
Anyone have their 401k with Transamerica? I can’t tell how much is from me matching my employer vs how much I’ve gained. Their app sucks.
Party in the street after that lions finish
Nikola? Even WSBers wouldn’t do that
I also loaded up on puts. I’m kinda nervous what about you? Reassure me please!!
Kids: “How dad????” 
Dad: “NIO TO THE MOOON”
So yolo my bank account in to calls?
CHWY 11/20 65c
189!
feel bad for the people still commenting in the weekend thread lmao fuck 😂
There’s about a 95% chance this happens
you got it twice?
Nio this nio that I’m gonna shove a nio in my ass thanks for cumming to my ted talk
Liked weekend thread better, shitposts encouraged there
lol they have a car division. they are testing self driving already. it just isn’t clear what the scope is.
i made a comment in the last thread and I got F's like a pornstar takes dicks.. This lockdown news has made me a lil happier
If this post starts with the letter i, I will double down on my NIO calls tomorrow
Whats their deal anyway?
Nikola omegalul
My dumb what?
$FSR will save us
I’ve seen a lot of people saying we’ll be green than red over this weekend.
Fucking this. He could afford to hedge every single one of his bad trades so he'd break even at least. Holy fuck. 400k in ammo and not a single protective put or covered call in all his trading. Impressive shit.
Not in at least 999 years
Costco is going to let you get a private jet membership for 17K. Lol
yea they developing the apple car autonomous car
What kind of dumbass is gonna sit in 20 degree weather with a 15 mph wind for an overpriced piece of shit-tier salmon.
Had to know this was coming tho
[removed]
Spend the rest on nio and delete your app for a year
Avengers: Civil War, Electric Boogaloo 2: revenge of the Chinese EVs
Bunch of 4p 11/20. Using them as a hedge to recovery puts
Yeah he going down like his Herbalife play. He’s one of us, makes big money on a play and instead of taking money out he yolos on the same play again to lose it all
Wohooo new thread
It’s ’s a company with no brand, no vehicles, and   isnt going to have cars out until 2025...

So yeah maybe they belong here.
Do it man. I can be the boyfriend buying her gifts instead
Spy %-2.5 by noon tomorrow.
maybe it will be an acquisition that specializes in shorting the market at the right time
Sell my XPEV and NIO puts at 36 and load up on calls 💰
The mental illness part is 😮. If true it could set off a firestorm because we are pretty woeful right now but if more people develop symptoms we don't have the means to address it.
Everybody’s invited but only thetas do the fucking
He should do what the rest of us that have kids on this sub do and switch to theta gang and sell garbage to the rest of you.
Mango man refusing to concede reminds me of Emperor Palpatine's rise
[deleted]
[deleted]
You may have a gambling addiction which means you suffer from psychological issues like low self esteem, depression etc.. it’s good to recognize this at a young age and hopefully stop destructive behaviors.
Bookmarking this comment to come back to in 30 years.
It’s coming soon 📉
This post is tagged as satire you fucking idiots, not that it should even be necessary.
Apple isn’t going to announce a dam car bro 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Congrats!
Given how divided this thread is, we about to open up BIGLY... flat 😑
I need BABA to go up 2-3% and my ass is safe
Why you say this? I got ZM calls too
Sounds pretty gay
Anyone think grwg gonna make another run this week?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
PLTR, but as a long time hold.

So SOLO, as a gamble to exit before the bagholders need strong arms.
why he buy 8 million instead of doubling his 27 million bet last time?  cause he ain’t so sure and is just gambling title bit for fun like all of us autist
Legit play
So the only position you listed isn’t really a position at all lol
Mark it 💪🏻
Why should it drop after earnings?
Buy baba
All in put and get rich for the rest of your life
lampreys
Lol did you watch last week?
Honestly expected this number to be way higher. Calls it is.
priced in
We are
DANNY DIMES BABY
The good old days...
Do your unborn kids a favor and get a vasectomy
bullish
Not shocked. Thanksgiving and Xmas are important to alot of people. Even ebola wouldn't stop gatherings.
Do you think COVID-19 will be named Time person of the year?
So my ZM calls are not that fucked? YAY
lol bro i went thru that same thought process but its not what u think. i guess if ur confident u can easily get back in the workforce then go for it but if u generally have a tough time getting a job then please dont do it.

edit: so many wsb newbs used to say the same thing esp. earlier this year but they all got wiped
can you be this stupid
God damnit I’m in
Is there a solid gun stonk besides RGR?

t. non-American
Nevada governor talking impending COVID doom. Casino puts? Vacc pumps would murder them. Dunno.
first
NIO TO FUCKING MOON, CITRON GETTING FUCKED BY THE RETARD STRENGTH OF WSB’S BULL COCK
the day Apple announces a car is the day TSLA drops 40% in a day
I really don’t want everyone in this Sub to go broke from NIO either on the long side or short. Please be careful on this one.
So my $ZM calls are not all that fucked? YAY
Where’s the best place to watch futures?
She cannot possibly be expected to understand the highly complex options trading strategies that we utilize here at WSB.
Google their car, you'll die from laughter.
Whats a trap? Free falling?
Fake af
Bear gang UNITE!
Oh fuck yea. Anything bought from March to may u made money. I bought aal and I made money. Like fuck man
Bears r fuk lol
this is the top
Definitely would not wanna be your kids 😂😭
As I’m sitting here with $20c
u have kids and you’re on this sub? 

*yikess*
it already passed the moon fool
Ye I grew up in Portland but working in Seattle rn.
ENPH
No options and the ticker has a T at the end not K. For whatever reason.
Poll: 38 percent of Americans plan to have Thanksgiving dinner with 10 or more people 

https://thehill.com/homenews/news/526010-38-percent-of-americans-planning-on-having-thanksgiving-dinner-with-10-or-more

Hedge your positions accordingly
Hey, insurance guy here. Make sure to check if unum exercised its reinsurance policies. Travelers did it to show a massive cash balance to make their balance sheet look good. Any more problems for a sustained amount of time could be trouble. That being said travelers is mostly property and casualty and the dynamic on unum must be a lot different. Just something you might want to check out on their q3 report though.
portfolio dropped 10% on the day, thanks for checking in
[deleted]
My left nut feels it
Nice man am jelly
Which ones? Have got my eye on Zion but looking for ideas
[removed]
we probably going to blow off the top before some more states go lockdown mode again and then back to 320
Begone 🏳️‍🌈🐻
r/DataIsBeautiful
Bullish 🇺🇸
[removed]
I got spce and wmt positions this week.🍿🍿
Yea, now you know the value of money you make in each trade, so it’s not seen as numbers on a screen, you know how much that could’ve gotten you.
u/savethisvideo
Washington and oregon can confirm going into lockdown 1 month here in Washington state starting tommarow.
Remember, oil can't go negative. Never has, never will. Got a smudge on my screen over Q1 and Q2 2020 chart though, probably nothing.
lockdowns are bullish because it means more printing duh!
lol - I don’t understand it either. Reddit was calling it “soy face” at one point
They only outperform 99 and 94% of hedge funds? Sounds like a hindsight is 20/20 trader just didn’t find the right stocks that would’ve maximized profitability.
Nah just PTSD, I’m 20 too
I just shitpost here now for the entertainment
Canadian EV
i love you
What makes you say that?
Slightly otm, take your profits, and start a new position on a dip day. Also you can set some profits aside, don't have to bet it all, each time. Id reccomend a stop loss when you got profits, I made that mistake too many times.
Not enough to quit and actually trade reliably. I’m gonna break it down for you chief. Your best option for trading full time is selling options. You most likely aren’t going to make it buying options and swing trading the TQQQ. Maybe you’re part of the 10% who will make it, but I’m going based on pure stats right now. Save up 400k and then you can quit your job and sell options, until then, it’s unlikely.

OR

Take out a loan for 100k, match your 200k with margin, 400k. Now you’re ready to ride. Uber or something to make enough money to pay off interest and margin calls. Welcome to the good life
Accurate.
Tomorrow will be red. No way in hell is it going to be green
The pacific side of the country is going into lockdown our dear lord inslee in Washington state is shutting us down for a month beginning tommarow. Oregon’s going into a 14 day shutdown with the possibility of an extension.
GOING BALLS FUCKING DEEP IN PALANTIR. DD IS GOOGLE THE CEOS HAIR. you can’t not be an absolute legendary genius with hair like that. I’m all in.
A... monthly... leap?

Say what now? Your long-term relations last what, a bottle of wine?
The people you give your money to
what is Solo?
What stocks were the 4 little green blocks
My passive 401k is up 40% YTD and my very active personal portfolio is -2%... good luck
[deleted]
It’s the first operation with <four>astronauts, previously only two

Weird wording by them for sure
I feel like WSB is facing their own civil war over Nio right now
Idk maybe some ice cream and a target gift card
3 days after March 13th, a Friday.  Guess what tomorrow is...
There’s an article in my local news about a guy who did this.

Salary in multiples 10k a month, left it all to become a trader starting with 500’000$.

The article is about the broker suing him for 1.7m$, because he played with options and is now with a negative balance.

So I would say go for it bro.
Is pltr 15c for 1/21/22 retarded? Bcs thinking of going all in on monday
Hahahah in simple terms - balancing being an autist with the retard risk is key
link?
back and forth forever
Solo, PLTR or FSR?
Yuuuuuge
I lost 40k in 2018 and recovered everything and made some profit during this pandemic. My friend helped me a lot. He owns a discord server for free and he predict lot of tickers which went 2x-10x. He has 600 members in the server and gives alter for Borge stock and options. I think this will be helpful for anyone looking for recover and maintain ur portfolio.


https://discord.gg/gTBZAJRADX
Exactly what I’m thinking ! She doesn’t even know what a FD is
Here an upvote first the mene
The day market crash . Tuesday 16th 2020
Cause he’s gai
Your dumb
Nio calls, sell Tuesday, swap to 12/4 puts, then swap back to calls covering nio day in January or leaps depending on how big it drops post earnings.
Don’t do it.
Can we please, please have this kind of fear again?
I hope you don’t think I’m this dumb
Love you too, bro.
So many decisions. Def opening up some WMT calls. Maybe grabbing a TSLA call. Thinking about grabbing some PLTR 35c for Jan
You haven't experienced suck until you've had Frontier
This.
It’s money I could use now instead of waiting 50 fuckin years!
Can I sell calls on this as well? How much does it move a week?
Lol it 100% is, which gives it legitimacy clearly.
Wanna know if they've heard of NIO.
Why do all of the thumbnails for Graham Stephan’s YT videos look like he’s ready to take a cock in his mouth?
It's an American oil company. They have an ER this week, they're converting Teslas to run on diesel.
I had a cancer trying to understand it
Who trades between the hours of 11-3? I mean what are the types of traders who are moving the market after the first hour and before the last hour? I figure the index managers would reshuffle during set times and hedge funds aren't actively daytrading all the time except for maybe a touch of delta-hedging. I guess retail trades wherever they can sneak in s bathroom break and the algos never sleep. So who's making up the majority of the volume? If it really is the MM's and and the algo's eternally trying to pinch pennies off each other, creating the volume, that's too ridiculous to be true, so who's really producing the lunchtime volume?
Never left
There’s no way you achieve 40-50% a year to sustain a modest lifestyle. If you could, you’d be Warren buffet by 40. Nobody can achieve those gains consistently year in, year out. Unless you’re Warren buffet, or a handful of other traders who reached billionaire status. 

Now then - if you had $1 million - then making 5% a year is 10x easier.
Ok
Multiple swing trading youtubers saying prepare for a melt up when they are usually very non bias and technical on their analysis. Dont know what to make of this. Bullish as fuck everywhere.
Tbh idk how I got this one so don’t assume that
3600 open of futures incoming. My SPY 360c says so.
Stay strong brother I got my dog when I was 3 years old he has been with me my whole life and last year we could tell he was slowly starting to lose it and on my 18th birthday we woke up to him laying on the floor and he couldn’t walk we took him to the vet and put him down the same day crazy start to my birthday but part of me thinks he remembers and held it out and pushed through till then,  nevertheless crazy birthday and I feel you so stay strong king also my 19th birthday was yesterday only reason why I typed this made me think of him ;(
What strike and expiration you have?
They diluted their stock to buy a worthless company
My money is on NIO. I'm going long with it.
The explosion aftermath was my $NIO calls... 😳
[this is you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiEq9GbDcxI)
China gonna sell so much EV now.
Well... why?
F
[deleted]
Looks like a NKLA truck going down a hill.
**NEW THREAD RETARDS**
Poll: 38 percent of Americans plan to have Thanksgiving dinner with 10 or more people 

https://thehill.com/homenews/news/526010-38-percent-of-americans-planning-on-having-thanksgiving-dinner-with-10-or-more

Hedge your positions accordingly
I'll switch to becoming a customer of SPCE that day
Yup 10$ a trade and conversion fees are a pain. Plus 25$ quarterly fee.
UK EV news. Asia trade deal. Friday correction.  

NIO will moon no matter how bad you don’t want it to
why the fuck would you do it on purpose. I dunno how the fuck I'd ended up doing this shit. I wouldn't have chosen it.
[here's how I give BJs. also, my gain porn](https://imgur.com/a/XY3PcwN)
Michigan gang ready to go back into your basements?
Their online servers can’t even handle ps5 demand and they want to compete with Amazon? Nah
I think BABA will be +5% tomorrow
I don’t understand quite well enough?

Is this the true DND lost to WSB in the before times?
Watch NIO sky rocket while bag holding fucking puts i am up by 400% ...I fucking hate this game.
I'm shocked nobody has brought up the Asisn-Pacific free trade deal here. It impacts 1/3 of the people on earth.
Did that shit all summer broskie it’s lit as shit
Not til after rug pull
I got both $40P / 50C 11/27 lets see how we roll this week. Either way small tendies.
your a moron

nio doe NOT make their own cars, they outsource it
[deleted]
Give me a green Monday, then I will GTFO.
Most NIO holders weren’t believers 3 months ago, but suddenly now it’s a cant-miss stock that will rule the world. When everyone on the Internet is pumping a stock, I sell and run for the hills
Detroit Lions: 2021 Super Bowl Champs
~100k
Upvoting :)
and it lasted for all of a week before going on the dumbest bull run in history.
Godspeed Falcon 9! TSLA to the moon
Brother! 355P 11/20
~100k in my trading account
You can always get a new wife
😢
RCEP signed today.  

Wonder what the impact will be on Chinese stocks.  Come on Baba, stop screwing the pooch.
YOLO, go for it dude wtf are you waiting for
Yep feel the same way, I luckily got in NIO at 39 and XPEV the morning it shot up 33%
How much capital do you have to start out with I’m thinking if I reach 200k I’ll give it a shot
F
Always has been 👨🏻‍🚀🔫👨🏻‍🚀
Hope you all got your beauty sleep, this week is going to be bumpy 🚀
Mooning week confirmed
https://www.mindmed.co/press-releases/mindmed-to-evaluate-ayahuascas-active-ingredient-dmt-in-phase-1-clinical-trial-collaboration
🎟
Will SPXS puts print Monday?
Account size?
It's some type of gang bang
If this is fake news what does that make Citron's report? 🤔
All eyes on $NIO for their earnings after the bell on Tuesday.

I can't wait to see the loss/gain porn
[removed]
370 I was told
So pltr is mooning? I’m in for 2k shares and need a lambo
I remember this day so clearly. It was my birthday
No problemo! All a learning process for us all. Definitely post results. :)
Addressed in the DD - analysts have been concerned about the closed LTC block. They increased reserves by $593m in 2018 (hence the reduction in earnings that year) and they entered the agreement with Maine state regulators earlier this year to further increase reserves over a 7 year period.
Me too. Didn't turn bull fast enough. I knew that might happen too but didn't think I would wipe out *all* my march gains.
Really wanna leave corporate America for a whole year and take a stab at full-time day trading. Why not give it a shot? Everyone tells you that you’ll lose but I know some big time day traders that rake it in. Sure, they have Bloomberg terminal, 10 screens, and devote their lives to it but I don’t think it’s something completely unreachable if I focus all my attention on it
Giants move to 2nd place in NFC East with a 3-7 record and a 2 win streak. New York might actually make the playoffs. No Daniel Jones fumbles or interceptions two games straight. That's huge.
[removed]
I want to buy Nio 11/20s but... I am a poonaner so...
will my wmt call printttttt
Fifty-third
Tomorrow is theta gang day. Y'all wasting your energy
That's not a move for tomorrow.
Bucs are crazy good. They’re legit super bowl contenders.
[deleted]
Not expansive, either.
I get the reference but can somebody explain what the actual fuck a CDO is
She should not have to worry her pretty little head about this big boy investing stuff.
Ho Lee Fuk.
Good thing RH is ready for tomorrow morning, lol.
What would you buy her with the losses?
Snowball effect
Thanks bby
[removed]
Teach me how to trade in airplane mode
STO NIO 33p 11/20 x5
Losing it? Yes, yes I do.
Is it possible to meet someone who doesn't know what COVID-19 is?

Apart from uncontacted tribes in the Amazon or islands in the Indian ocean.
Bout to eat some midday bacon  🥓  idgaf
c a n t g o t i t s u p
Arguably most of our money is tied up in property, and I have 2 brothers so kids + property means not a lot of liquid cash
Or $25
lets goooooo
i had browns -4 . of course fml
Hopefully my $40k worth of IWM puts print this week...
Stonks only go up
Just simple pricing model. I will share it if I can find it on my work laptop ( yeah, did it on office laptop, on working hours, lol). But here's a basic idea I used: SPY was at around $230 (bottom was roughly $220), and Fiscal Policies were just getting started. Saw that monetary policies weren't going to cut. I made scenarios on, 1T, 2T,... Upto 10T stimulus directly going to SPY companies (and nothing to small businesses). SPY is roughly $300B Stonk (if you want to call it that). 

Top 5 companies on SPY makes up about 20% of the index. It's a Marker Cap weighted index. If free Pow money was to go to these 5 companies, how much would it pull for  he index up? It was an easy algebra. Plus, those 5were Covid Stonks anyways, so after stimulus, they had to hardly catch up (less than 20% from top to catch up). So, I estimated SPY to reach $340 (precovid ATH) by middle of September. But, to give myself a huge safety net, I yoloed into December 2022 leaps on SPY with a Price Target of $430 by then. Daily and monthly returns on SPY didn't make sense without stimulus on any of my simulation. But with stimulus packages, they were within reach.

But, I'd say, timing was a pure luck. And I claim no expertise(probably no one can) in timing.
But then I would lose other friends in the process. Also every friend has value for instance this guy is a great cook. He has no problem cooking for us every time, especially when we get a beach house every summer.
Positions: NIO $60 Call 11/20
SPCE balls in
I'd buy calls regardless
Sorry for your loss my man
Hell yeah. Thank you for all the insights!
Can I suck you off?
IT'S A TRAP!!!!
Yes
I expect a similar thing to happen, but when the lockup expires if we get a dip I will be using that to load shares and leaps.
Anytime
... it's easy if you try
12/18 spy 100p thank me later
Right there with ya
I’m tempted to end my 401k contribution and instead use that money for FDs. How unethical would it be if I did this and didn’t tell my wife? Is it lying if I don’t tell her or is this a case of what she doesn’t know can’t hurt her? I would buy her gifts with my gains btw
This stock is unstoppable
NIO to 35 let’s get it
[deleted]
[deleted]
Watch NIO open at 50
CGC is better and safer
[deleted]
Where did you get $400,000 to begin with?
New thread guys!!!
Yeah its early
Working extra shifts in weekends to make up for your losses really hits home.
Why is everyone saying market crash? Not like there’s any major news. Lock downs are a known quantity
2 hrs til ber fuk
[deleted]
insert coin(s) to continue
Good luck! Report back how it goes! I’ve also known a guy that’s been playing 1-0dte strangles on gaps overnight by buying eod Thursday’s on individual stocks that they expect to swing one way or another a hefty amount and selling right away while IV is high in the AM. That’s more of a gamble that I’m not willing to take right now, but he’s made quite a few baggers too.
No proof, GG. You could easily take a screenshot and post it but I already know “you don’t care enough”

🤷🏻‍♂️
Yeah but Portland is worse
Might finally be time for CSIQ to moon, though I feel this is really high risk. The stock has been trading a lot more like a value stock than the rest of the sector in terms of PE and PS. Market cap is a pitiful 2.3 billion.

Main problems imo have been that revenue growth has been shit and a lot of operations are heavily based in China. CSIQ has been raising money and planning to spin off part of operations to IPO in the Chinese market, which would help them attain a better valuation. Improving sentiment toward China should be helpful as well.

The missing piece is the revenue though. They have had modest revenue surprises of about 5% in the last 2 ERs, which has not been enough. If we see a significant revenue beat this shit could seriously start running up to $60. Was tempted to YOLO, but I feel it's too risky.

Pos: 11/27 calls @ 40

ER is before open on 11/19. I went to 11/27 because if things line up this could very well see multiple green days.
That doesn't sound quite right.
I'm going to sit back and be trigger shy. I expect the market to pull back tomorrow due to the growing number of covid cases and some states entering into another round of lockdowns. Not to mention the continuous turmoil of the election.
Beyond 50
We’re going to the moon
Why’s everyone trippin on pltr
Yessir
EXTREME SELLOFF TOMORROW TO THE LIKES OF WHICH WE’VE EVER SEEN. DOUBLE CIRCUIT BREAKER STOP LIMIT GAPE DOWN 🤡🧨🔥🤡🩸🧨🤡
😂
fuck the gay bears EV stocks are going tits up
I need some confirmation bias for my PLTR December calls bois
No!
r/investing
[deleted]
Man in the Box, Them Bones, Check my Brain are all better Alice in Chain songs in my humble opinion... not even going to comment on best rock song ever come on man
how much shares needed to protect against Moon risk
Maybe 1 kid max but aint no way more than that. Screw kids, they only get in the way imo.
Can you pm me a good source for cbd? Thanks for taking the time to write all thst up bro
Too sad
I wish I was joking. Unfortunately I’m not
Guys, my fiance who knows nothing about stocks or options was talking about buying Nio options. The top... Might be in
What u think monday was
As a newb,.someone eli5 what I'm looking at?
Everyone is so convinced we’ll be red that I think we will be green.
For shares yeah. Otm FDs, not so much
I'm a firm Nickelback apologist. Go to kareoke and tell me that Photograph or Rockstar don't get the place hoppin.
Nat gas is the play
Dumping BABA shares in the morning and loading up on more NIO calls
It takes r/investing 1 year to make what I do in 3.5 weeks
its synonymous with it at this point
We will be back to Obama era foreign policy so it shouldn't take long. Maybe we'll get Syria 2.0?
Gostkowski was a beast, and being on a Tom Brady offense made him God.
Many accounts will be blown this week
When he slides it in you...

but he doesnt rub spit on it
Bet you could freak him out enough into not being your friend anymore
Too risky at their current valuation? You’re a retard dude. You hate money I guess.
LOW 165c 11/27. Who’s with me?
[Trying to decide which way the market will go this week.](https://i.imgflip.com/4mhzam.jpg)
[deleted]
The jap is the boss
Every week lol
[deleted]
Gtfo Nio 69c
[deleted]
Locked in my gains on commons last week. I wasn’t upset about it, on to the next one
Or up to 50. WTF knows?
r/investing
you loaded with puts?
[deleted]
Not a chance, and I have my own kid.
Big Toilet paper is absolutely behind COVID
you'll save their spelling; i'll save their life savings
I noticed
guys, what is this NIO that everyone is talking about?
No, it's ok to use "retried" here.
Slightly otm calls, you can buy more and stocks are supposed to go up

Sell when you feel like and buy back on a red day
My post says I’m mainly in shares and long calls, the weekly is just to hedge selling the news in case of a run up
[deleted]
NAH

We in the bear trap area.
Thanks for the advice. I will more than likely start with 1/1 just to get an idea of how it plays out live. My risk tolerance is high key low and I’ve been doing really well with taking profits (was in on nio this month multiple times and recovered a huge chunk of my all time loses by taking profits daily instead of holding). No one suggested the strangle to me particularly I just was running different scenarios on spy in the calculator and was shocked to see there’s a way to win if the price moves up or down even by 1%.
Don't do it bro.
Smart
I mean, the drawback is missing gap ups/downs in your favor. However, for me, I still can’t break the cycle of holding losers too long and cutting winners too soon because I “don’t want to lose more.” So, cash gang, and day trading momentum work for right now even if I’m capping potential gains and do set myself back about one day each week. Overall the profits have more than made up for the small loss that one time a week. 

I also sleep a lot better and feel the need to drink/smoke to relax 100x less. Which to me, is worth way more than the potential profits missed.

To each their own though!
Oh yeah, on page 121 it says they work with the largest american auto manufacturer. I'm thinking the elongated muskrat. 

But thank you for correcting me fuck face.
Everyone thought TSLA was fake and gay until it wasn’t. Now everyone wants a second chance at ev craze... that second chance is Nio
panic sell nio.
Fucking fuck I hope AMD pulls through 11/27 $90 C
I would not personally, but one of my buddies just started dating a divorcee with a kid and he seems pretty happy
Need a lil tsm pop tomorrow as well
Now if only she could cook
Oi, dragon crew is loading up now. Launching in like 3 hours

https://youtu.be/bnChQbxLkkI
Sorry guys NIO going down to 35 tomorrow
Not really - life insurance is part of their business but primarily group life insurance which covers working age adults (those less at risk of dying from COVID). They have seen increased mortality but it isn’t as significant of an impact
Tsla taking corona to space
Fuck, you retard
Normal, not the “I’m liquidating all of my AMZN to buy AAL post haste” kind
palantir is the new nio
Ok bulls some of you are cool 😎 don’t come to the market tomorrow 😂
Load up on palantir while it’s cheap, boys
If we all just keep spamming nio again. It will open like 20%+
JD gunna pop tomorrow?
You bet 😜
I heard a great new stock to get into this week.. anyone heard of Nio?
This is the most Chad Bull company in the world. They make every single company that uses their software more profitable. Literally never been more all in 🚀
Aheugheugheug
I feel attacked
No
moved my amazon toilet paper order up just in case this shit happens again.
This is the week I become rich
Nio
[deleted]
That and the poor liquidity make this a bad idea
Can we pass a fucking stimulus already you fuckers
Are you getting anything for longer term? I might stay away from weeklies but it sounds tempting
Yeah, thanks for the flashback
This new asian deal gonna make NIO mooooooon tomorrow. Will be able to sell NIO cars to South Korea and Vietnam
Im so early nobody will notice that I bought nio calls at $53
Watch NIO fly and my watch the bears who bought my puts bitch about it
unless you got kids yourself I wouldn’t imo
Got some TP *just in case* and sure enough, the damn shelf had one sixth of its usual inventory. I hate this country.
Is ret**d not allowed anymore?
Someone msg me when PLTR is 50. Not like i will sell. I just want you to see me getting rich. Jelly much?
VFC calls for no reason 😒 or moneygram calls
First
Don't forget pork bellies, friend.
i think that's solid
[removed]
What’s the news?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Id honestly just program a script. Not tell my boss and do my own thing lol
Baba come on man!
the adventures of rin tin tin
Back in the trade war/vaccine hopes cycle
Slightly OTM
Will be awesome launch. People will move away from NIO back to our savior Elon and TSLA
SPY up 10% in just 2 weeks.  Pull back incoming.
Just in time to con all of the restaurant workers into voting for Dems, then shutting it all back down again. The ol' bait n switch.
Also yeah, I dont recommend going back to Robinhood. Find some other brokerage.
Anyone got some DD on Rapid7. Looks like more of a safe bet than a YOLO
Calls on sex robots yo. $10,000 and if she complains too much you can just shut her down
The market is expecting Moderna news this week (as early as Monday) even though the company said it would come by the end of the month.
$ROPE
They are more subtle usually lol
First
Makes sense 👍🏻
I’m in various calls but feel pretty good about the ones I have, even with covid doom. 

FB AMD MRVL BABA for tech. 

TGT RAD DLTR for retail. 

Only ones I’m not too keen on are GM (will sell Monday likely), MTB (expiry April). Rest of my stuff is April and May expiry industrial sector. 

But If I can sell GM at a profit I may dump it into NETE
[deleted]
“I trade, I win” that level of confidence has lead to a lot of -99.9% accounts
Lose money
Only now can progress begin
This sub is dedicated to making kids fucking broke.
Not 3 days after Dec 31st dipshit. 3 days after earnings from year ending Dec 31, 2020 are made public, so after Q4 earnings report likely mid February. Page 72 on SEC prospectus filing.
Where else would she fucking speak el oh el
Rich parents.
Rotating from NIO into FSR.
TSLA up 25% in ISS
Why u say that? And whats it opening at
My AMC, PLAY, and AAL calls approve of this
PLTR to 500.
My account is horrible right now. But with thst said, 2 weeks to a month options is the move. Weeklies get mega theta raped, but anything longer than a month, and small moves in stock = small moves on option. 2 or 3 weeks is the best risk/reward scenario. Still have to play it right obviously, but have more room for error and still nice gainz
thats what yall get for voting for Biden
Woah how did you generate this graphic?
I hope so but I'm not sure yet. Doesn't really feel like sentiment has shifted that much. Trade deal news isn't that big here in APAC because we have been hearing about it for ages.
Even if JD reports a meager beat tomorrow, everyone will just flood back to BABA. Like wtf is it doing this low.
Lowe’s for earnings = easy money
I mean 5% return on like billions is different than 5% return on $100. Wont even cover the comission lol
States and cities across the nation are shutting down but this time they are not calling it "shutdown" or "lockdown" so that the market isn't scared. They are calling it shit like "pause", "temporary restrictions", "slow down of reopening"...etc.
Ask the mom for a threesome. Might as well go all in.
Calls on sex robots yo. $10,000 and if she complains too much you can just shut her down
How low do you think it goes?
Why
Yeah dont go back to RobinHood, you can lose the next half million at Webull, its only fair.
It's Finviz
good to know
Starting to like cash going into weekends. Never know what could happen in all those nonmarket hours
Let’s get one more day like this then buy that fucking dip
More experienced retards, are “sector rotations” usually so sudden and violent a la vaccine trades? It seems to me they would usually be more subtle
if it was called chad galactic i would have all ined
hang in there king
Get her to try and take a job at an elite high school. Then you send your kids there and boom.
WTF is this guy singing lol
I'd say hold. I'm sure that the NIO hype will build up again once NIO Day comes closer.
He had a good 3/4 of a season and showed his true colors
Riots are a non-issue
Yeah I’m not trying to be a retard myself bro
did somebody call my name
[removed]
The wages just haven’t kept up with anything here. My dad is a doctor, fairly large hospital and leads an entire team, high rate taxpayer. We live very comfortably but buying a Tesla would require a serious reshuffling of finances.

People buying Tesla’s are in the top 1% of the 1% in the UK. The government incentives and the complete lack of infrastructure is a massive barrier for most
Guys please stop listening to gay ass bears. You don’t listen to them on this sub, so why would you on Wall Street. Understand this, Nio is the Chinese version of Tesla, do you really think a company backed by CHINA will ever fail? No they need this thing to be competitive to Tesla. Look, I’m not gonna sit here like a smart ass and pretend like I know what I’m talking, but I do know one thing. Even if Nio flops this earnings report it will recover in a week or so because China is pushing for green pure natural energy. So, buy stocks, leaps, calls (and puts if you want to lose money) far out on NIO. You missed Tesla,  so why the fuck would you miss your second chance.
I can confirm this. Went to Sams 2 days ago, no toilet paper and no paper towels.
No positions. No ban bet. No links. “Good DD”
parachutes are for bitches

just aim for a pool
Fuck that
OK let's say I go with monthlies. Do I buy ATM calls or slightly ATM or deep ITM? 


Just trying to gauge which variables are likely going to give me a decent shot at making reasonable profit to build up an account without completely blowing it in the first 3 months.
Lmao someone told him the moon wasn’t real and he flipped his wig
Down in Hole, Angry Chair, Them Bones, Rooster, the whole Dirt album
Yeah it isn't but all the doctors have that shift schedule now. Trying to convince her to quit for her own health and to some degree my own, but it's tough cause she wants to help
I'm from Michigan and this is not exactly accurate, but $200/month per vehicle is fairly average
Beautiful
Sounds more and more like the best place to vacation would be a deserted National Park
If it opens flat cut your losses. The chances of it gapping up or down to get to your breakeven is almost impossible. Remember your breakeven is the strike price plus (for the call) or minus (for the put) the premium paid for both the call and the put
It's funny when you see all the Dem governors try to have a contest to see who can out-Lib each other.
In Michigan too. This will be interesting.
Love seeing people like you. AMZN didnt have any profit for 14 years and so is TSLA for 10 years. Its about what the company does.
Then I’ll be the retard
Just interrupt him by saying Chuck Testa.
Worse than Elon’s battery day tweet for me for sure.
Yeah looked further in that twitter thread, look like no fun.

I live in the US If that happens, my family inherits my yolos.


 Im not going into bankruptcy for this.
What math did you do? Can you share ur spread sheets

Was it a simple option pricing model or?
Alternatively go with your gut.
Actually go with your gut.

In a study gut feeling outperforms 99% of daytraders and 94% of hedge funds.
Next time he tells you about flat earth tell him this: I dont actually believe that there is an "Earth" and watch his face
I got 12/18 calls bb
[deleted]
lol
Thank you for the correction. 
Typo on my part, but I appreciate you pointing out my error and distinction between the two.
[I am not lying. it's possible to be gay and a bull. Yes we exist](https://imgur.com/a/XY3PcwN)
I’d try one contract at first (you have three days a week to do this anyway) and see how it plays out for you. You can always go ham the next time and you’re lowering your risk. 

I honestly only do the strangle at the beginning of the day, then drop the losing leg pretty quickly. Then I’ll take profit, maybe leave one contract going and just work on shorting from each of the peaks during the day. Taking profit and getting out in time/not getting greedy is the hardest.

1-3 dte works better in the sense that theta doesn’t fuck you as quickly and you’re not strictly relying on gamma at that point. However, those contracts are more expensive and I have a rather small account, so I do prefer 0dte on particularly volatile days.

Flat days though, you’ll get murdered. So, my “I started in March and am still an idiot” advice is to just take it slowly and see how it plays out before you dump your entire account into something some stranger suggested.
Honorable mention : Dies Irae
SpaceX launch showing off all the Model X’s. TSLA gap up 🌖
take note to those who think they're doing wsb a favor by posting stupid shitty "DD's". This is how it should be done: [https://i.redd.it/bnm5lgycfgz51.jpg](https://i.redd.it/bnm5lgycfgz51.jpg). Credit to /u/sleepybats
Priced in
Well I was going to say shit like SQQQ, UVXY, VXX that go up when shit hits the fan but that wouldn’t make sense for the categories lmao
[deleted]
oh forgot about those.

whats more green than green?

emerald?
It looks like a spin move... but it could be anything... why is guessing what position he was in at the end seem so much like guessing which stonks to buy?
Yea just 2100 shares held from $8 to $53
Now that you’ve covered the obvious stuff... let’s get into the more esoteric.
Gov. whitmer in Michigan is speaking in 2 hours, im scared hold me.
F
If you do, make a target exit lower than his. 

He is assuming they will go back to pre covid levels AND the company will reinstate share buybacks again to boost it back up into the high 30s.
Look at those Teslas :X
You can either gamble all on some really high volatility stock, but if you want to guerntee making it back:


I would say either sell calls/puts like the wheel strategy




Or invest in shares in a stock with a very low P/E ratio and stop doing options
Lmao good idea. He will love it considering he’s Venezuelan
BABA puts are fuk next week
eLeCtiOn FraUD lmao fucking reets
Went to Target a couple hours ago, everyone was buying up all the toilet paper again. One Becky told another that Facebook told them to buy up toilet paper again.
I just need something to look forward to, ok?
Only on days that end in y
You are a wonderful specimen
Two hours til nothing burger
He’s kinda in the group man and has been for years. Gotta keep a few speds around. Also he’s a great cook
prolly just the flu
Tesla go boom boom upsies these next few weeks
Let’s say you borrowed money on margin with and 8% interest rate to make $100,000  in capital gains on a stock like apple, visa or nike going up... would you collect the profit and Pay the short term tax of 30%, so probably 30k... OR... would you keep paying the 8% interest and use that extra money to increase your buying power and gamble on more margin?
[deleted]
it got removed the first time, prob because it doesn't mention nio puts. I swear some of these short-sellers have mods here
I declare that if your Robinhood all time is red you officially can’t talk shit about theta gang
That doesn't sound healthy, or safe. Calls on the nursing job market.
[deleted]
Finally someone that can tell me what to buy in 3 sentences or less.
Yeah. At 35% down on SPY, I thought that this was oversold. Mostly I followed El Erian from Allianz on CNBC to time it tho. Great guy to follow on LinkedIn tbh
I guess thats why youre the “head” paleontologist
You could lose a lot more why restart it now?  Maximise your losses don’t you know anything?
Yea,  buy low and sell high. Who would have thought...
Two hours til futures.
That's insane. I would find a way to automate that or look for a new job.
Probably PTON calls
Hope she bounces back, people like her are carrying the country right now
I only deposited 5k to start. I wasn’t day trading until work from home happened. Then RH flagged me. So I deposited 25k to finish the week and once it cleared I moved to webull and now thinkorswim
no one fucking cares about your dead dog holy shit

reported. hope you get a ban
[deleted]
Can’t wait for the Monday morning vaccine pump
For real 😂
Next time he starts talking about that shit tell him that you're a demon yourself and speak in third person
Flying too close to the sun.
Time to shave that bush again
I’ve read their SEC reports and I see what they are growing at. That’s where I pulled the revenue number from. It’s too expensive for me. Good luck to all. Like I said, hope it runs and maybe I’ll buy calls on the way up. 

Also, whoever made the FB reference clearly doesn’t realize how much net income they make. We don’t value companies in revenue alone....
Mine too ): was loaded with $20, $25, and $35 SPCE calls for far out. Luckily I held them and ended up making a profit. Now I’m loaded again, this week could be epic!
give him a mexican history textbook.

Its all conspiracies.
Anyone playing AMWL this week? Shit sold off 18% on Friday and it may be due for a bounce especially with rising cases/lockdown fears
Who's watching the launch? TSLA will go to the moon tomorrow.
[deleted]
its called getting a job and saving up
Lol. You seen that wsb meme where he says look at this graph and it’s massive losses instead of the photograph? Shit is hilarious
It's Evilcorp and we are riding it to $50.
Penny stocks on a margin account
Bruh that’s not on Robinhood that’s on your down syndrome ass😂
Damn I sure hope this happens again soon, my account would be veryyyyyyy happy.
He's no longer the elite quarter back promised. I keep saying put in Hurts for a couple drives a game and see how they stack up.
[deleted]
Just meet me behind Wendy's for awesome time. :*
Wife came home crying after 48 hr hospital shift. We make fun on here but we're pretty fucked short term.
I remember
Who the hells still buys NKLA?
If you don’t blast O Fortuna at market open, you’re doing it wrong
Long snappers can't be touched until they lift their head. Just keep your head down even after you snap it and no brain damage. Ease pease $500k a year.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I learned my account could go negative on a different occasion; this one i closed it at about 400 dollars left.
You seriously think a company can lose money for 17 years?
Ah, back when my brain used to have serotonin. Good times
Macro Loss Porn
Did I just get... rickrolled by Google? PUTS ON ALPHABET INC
*but UK pm cant get reinfected, right?*

**LOOK AT THE BLOOD**. LOOK. MD, JEFFERSON HOSPITAL:

https://twitter.com/pjputh/status/1322808163704446981?s=20
Nio already mooned. Now it’s time to return back to earth.
Monthlies
going to get this tattooed on my face
This might be a little 🌈 but hope in some way it brings some brightness into your day OP. Once I heard that pain and losses are like carvings on a tree, the carving will always remain the same but the tree will keep growing and being more things, more branches. Much like our losses, the pain will never be any less part of who we are, it’ll just become smaller part of who we are. You’ll keep growing and being more things! We love you too, you absolute beautiful retard. Now positions or ban you 🌈🐻.
Basically a lot less yolo’s. Keep about half the money in cash. When I make plays I buy them 4-5 months out and when I see about a 40% gain I sell. Used to do 1 week to a month and try to go for 200-300% increases. Just take the small wins. That’s what I did with NIO, LI, and XPEV and missed the dump last week, cause I took the money I already made. If I want to play a quick 3 day SPY call or put I only do 2-3k and sell the next day no matter what, even if I’m down 50%. Basically, don’t get greedy. Getting a 40% gain in a day is honestly huge, WSB just desensitizes you to that and makes you feel like a bitch if you sell at only 40%. Compare that to normal stocks that get around 7% a year. You made in a day what people make in over 4 years. Take the small wins.
You had to find the ones that hadn't crashed as much and basically assume that it's coming down like it's counterparts. I think my best ones were F, HPQ, LL and ELY. Basically ended bein up $500, even after losing a bunch in my stock values.

I wish I had known more about debit spreads back then, probably could have made more with less.
Puts on gf?
SJW central. Wahhhh
How easy/quick is it to exit this position if it starts trading sideways. I’d be willing to take a slight loss to see what happens but if I have to commit to the entire days activity I would be kinda salty. Is that the stip of 0dte tho? Waiting until eod for it to sell?
Why you gotta call me out like this bro
Ban.
seriously. what is w/ him?
I like that one too but nutshell is better IMO
Andrew Left didn’t kill himself. I mean Epstein. (No, I don’t).
Profound statement my dude. Rock on
Just did some DD on Fisker (FSR) 35c 5/21’s are the move for Monday.
Smells like Teen Spirit, Nirvana.
Puts on your athleticism
So is she actually leaving? What a shitshow this is gna be.
Hard to imagine market opening red on Monday.
[deleted]
Olivia Wilde is single again boys 😍
What's the best way to build up equity to eventually place a yolo bet? Buying a $500 option that expires in a year just to make 200% is fucking aids. And there's obviously no guarantee you're going to even make that much.

At the same time I obviously don't want to lose $500 a week on FDs either. Need to find a decent balance somewhere in between FDs and leaps.
I’m in Missouri and I can still order Dave’s Triple Big Bacon Classic from $WEN. $MCD is doing promotions two Egg Mcmuffins for $3.39. Stay strong fellow bulls. This is pure 🐻propaganda. $WENJan24c /$MCD220c
[Not perma gay but sometimes a few perfectly timed BJs are worth it](https://imgur.com/a/XY3PcwN)
Look at this graaaaaaph
Why did you post this on a sunday in 2020? You fuck, if we tank tomorrow it’s all your fault
Sure you did buddy. I only sell weeklies (with an occasional wsb) and I’m up 10% in less than a month
Nah. Market will never be flat. It will keep increasing but in reality everything increases more. The market is just a number
I'd dislocate several vertebrae to suck my own cock to get a gap up.
I don’t understand what this means but I’m intrigued
Sup gents
[deleted]
“futures open strong, shrugging off increasing coronavirus cases”
Aye! Did we make the right move?
Cause of money kiddo, you don’t seem to understand what I’m trying to present to you.. covid is something that spreads thru the air and anyone can get it...anyone, cigarettes deaths are something the user has to go out of their way to buy and use... not something that is being uncontrollably spread, if we as a world didn’t adopt these precautions deaths would be much higher 

I get were you are coming from but this isn’t the early 1900 when everyone and their kids were smoking cigarettes. With your logic the same can be said about alcohol but guess what? It’s the same logic; money there and people go out of there way to use that substance
Happy 16th
Masks are great. I can’t believe I’ve been letting strangers breathe on me all my life
Control the narrative 🌈🐻🍏
I invested in Nicole but it was a let down.
are you not worried they will have to be potentially paying out a lot of insurance due to covid deaths?
Photograph by Nickleback
have u ever called him a fkn retard
Would.
Say swear to god
Tell them you’re not having sex and will wait for her to get pregnant through the Holy Spirit just like mother Mary. Their grandkids are on the way...
Stop being friends with retards.
If the government needs PLTR, and Citron tries to hurt PLTR, the government will hurt Citron.
Um why?
!Remindme 1 month
I’d suck my wife’s boyfriends cock for a gap down
[Gayns](https://imgur.com/a/XY3PcwN)
I thought PLTR was a peanut company with that fancy monocle nut
what is this GYM you mentioned, should i get calls or puts on this?
2021
[deleted]
RRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
[deleted]
Next time there will be an asteroid hurtling towards earth with 99% probability of destroying half the planet, and people will still be buying SPCE calls.
If it trades sideways you're then fucked on both sides. Good luck brother!
Name a better rock song then nutshell by Alice In Chains. I’ll wait.
Already did file for one on Friday, might file a second one on Monday.
I saw that many people have different brokerage account to avoid that rule. Looks weird to me that such a problem happened to you.
The fact that Silicon Valley hated them makes me think they’re going to Mars is the next few years
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’m ending my 1 near of no fap if it does though
Let's dispel this notion that Elon Musk doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing.
Ah man it sucks that you can't make it because you are having stomach issues
Love the tree map my dude
Is it? Or cause fuck covid!
Dude that was 2019. We’re almost at the end of 2020. 2021 is going to be insane
didnt he already have covid
hey. i am not an incel
GUYS LOOK! A NEW EV TICKER!

*made you look lol dumbass*
Where the fuck do y’all live that there’s a line? I asked about the capacity the first time they did this and they said they don’t even have enough customers on the busiest day of the year to hit the 20% max
Just to fuck with everyone, nio stays flat all week
As a second case? Cuz he already had it once
How many remember analfarmer
I'm over here walking on all fours, mumbling my precious
I code AAA games for a living. I know what I’m talking about.  The only reason a company wouldn’t support the M1 is if there’s no money in it. Time will come.
Check elon’s twitter
do it man.
It’s called the PayPal mafia - fucking autistic geniuses
They never stopped
CUCK
I made and lost 100 grand in 2 months. Sell me some monthlies so I can make it back please
El señor Musko, right?
If I die and this wasn't a simulation, I'm going to be upset.
Fuck Carson Wentz. Pile of shit.
[deleted]
I’m in, just hope I’m wrong on the smoke-and-mirrors vibe.
Definitely robinhood's fuck up here, you'll get em next time, champ :)
sell at high like during ur first jump which you didnt
Sad 😞 going to miss the gym the most
Also add in centurylink and optimum. Cox sucks hairy balls too from what I hear. Not sure about spectrum
Hahahaha this is the fucking way! Very tempting to do 30/30 of each but not sure. Would be throughly upset if it trades sideways. I’ll post an update tomorrow on what I decide to do.
[deleted]
Shoot the Simps.
Slow burn to 320-330 then flat through the holidays?
Gfs mom invited us over for dinner, likely to go on  about how we're living in sin and need to get married. I hate religious people
eagles r trash. that is all
I'm debating on flying to California and draining every pay day loan I can find as quick as possible. Then pumping it into leaps. On the off chance I fail, chapter 7 it away. This is my chance.
my FSR calls are going to provide me with money.

or maybe they'll break me.

i don't know what i am doing
Spin move
[removed]
Comcrap is the worst
Did Cathy Ark leave ark yet i need to know when to sell my ark
This gives me PTSD stop it !!!!!!!!!!!!!
That makes sense. Punt, kick and snappers are the least exposed and have longevity to play. Also they probably are boring etf investors and risk averse so I bet they're the wealthiest when you look back 20-30 years after the fact
[deleted]
I was shorting them but covered at 15.06. They’ve tanked 25% since that announcement (they were over 21 in premarket before it too) and I’m kinda feeling a pop and short squeeze when they announce they’re officially done.
[deleted]
PLTR has already analyzed all the data of everything and will soon own the entire world. 

500 shares of PLTR 🚀
[deleted]
if NIO doesn't go up at least 25% tomorrow I'm filing for chapter 11
Post a screenshot of your all time. Silly boy
There ya go, move that goal post.
Bulish.
NLS superior
Guess it’s time for you to start riots again, those are okay. /s
Closing down bars and restaurants supposedly.
What’s a chart like this called?  I got a virgin boy puss
Lol space bulls.
Japan time 😌🇯🇵
What code would I use in page source to reveal amount of times ours has been mentioned versus calls?
Pltr calls
I buy monthlies thank you very much😤
This is actually true, and everything in the UK automatically costs double anywhere else.

Their 60k model 3 parked outside their 400k two bed house that doesn't have a driveway.
Bro you coulda just sold CC’s and guarenteed a million
What do you mean first rocket with humans? They’ve sent people to the ISS/space months ago
all in on nio this week, you either get a 10 bagger or go to 0
I will
Sell Monday and buy back later.
It's all about long snappers. I'm gonna start my kid long snapping as soon as he can stand.
I come here because I like finding diamonds in shit. Like this
I will be made stupid rich
https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/b1p7fxpzylxgr5/A-Minority-Stakeholder-Wants-to-Take-Control-of-ARK-Cathie-Wood-Is-Pushing-Back
Also known as identity theft, but yeah, I guess that works.
Happy birthday bud sending you love
Shutdown restrictions in place now here in Seattle
That was my thought last weekend with the election uncertainty. Didnt expect the vaccine pump. If it goes up like it did monday morning, chalk the puts up for a loss but the calls will by far compensate. You can close out of the strangle as a whole or sell each side individually. Overall I had $2000 in calls and $2000 in puts and at market open the calls were worth like $16k and puts were like $100
Or ban
sorry for your loss,man. Hope you can recover from these speed bump in your life
Something to note about tmus (not sure how it plays out) but they seem to be offering their OTT service free for new people who come over and sub to their 4/$160 plan. I wonder how this will reflect in their earnings. You would think they could pull away some T and Vzn customers who are legacy by giving them a tv package for free. 

Nothing earth shattering but something to watch in future earnings calls to see if they have penetration.

Also their home internet when fully launched should probably cause some movement in T, comcrap, centurylink etc.
It means people are betting company will grow exponentially for years that means beating already high expectations every quarter
No only on equities
As someone who has done this,

Id say its safer than investing in NIO after this run up
My bra size is Small Dick Large.
Dude never backtrade!
Big if true
I work for general motors if they had me doing stupid shit like this for extra hours i would gladly leave
Idk saw some post title about it, didn’t bother reading it tho
MFA calls for Jan
Russian Roulette
k
Proof, where's the proof pussy
CMV: PLTR is like the newer version of IBM
What’s that?
Wanna buy some weeklies, retard?

I’m sure you’ll turn your RH green again...
Source?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA get rekt ZM shorts
Sounds like major depression. I'm sure 80% of the sub can relate.
Ok bro you win, you don’t get my point that we could avoid those death so easily as well but we are not doing it... why? And why would governments not care about the 480 000 deaths per year in the US from tobacco, but care about the Covid as to disrupt everything?
[removed]
Priced in. Europe has already plans to go all EV ...
im banking on nio talking about their expansion plans to EU during earnings. that should really send it flying
Wait why?
I'm gonna get calls. How much $$ you planning to yolo?
yeah right
overvalued
heading to $ 375
Market will open Monday morning
That’s exactly my thought
I’m here all the time even when I’m not bored.
Stay strong brother !!! No loss porn is greater than this
What're the odds PTON is solidly green tomorrow? That vaccine news knocked it down 20%, but with the way cases are going I think it could be a good buy at least for tomorrow.
wait seriously? i mean i'm not into these fomo pump and dumps so i dont bother looking into it. 

but 17 years and no profits?

lmao
Hey dingleberry get into $FSR instead it actually has room to moon.
Doesn’t this get tied to your SSN and your blocked from going to any institution..? Please correct me if I’m wrong. I ran into this issue before.

I was able to fix this by depositing 25k into my account. No more restrictions. Problem solved.
Lots of activity on NIO. Possible life changing event if you go all in with 30k
Do they work with DMT?
Except casino is open on the weekends
https://youtu.be/E_FIaPBOJgc

Calls on TSLA 🚀🚀🚀
> "millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon." - Susan Ertz
Losing your wife to your wife's girlfriend is a nice change from the norm
[deleted]
Your name should’ve just been Pablo_Esgaybear the ‘ca’ wasn’t needed because it’s replaced by the ‘ga’
Golden post indeed!
Lol new ones? What’s left? Michigan sucks ass
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f75eod/thank_you_for_giving_me_moderator/fi97ar7/

And it truly was
I can't wait to buy Virgin Galactic the coffee mug and Virgin Galactic the flame thrower. Naysayers be warned, merchandise will prosper and fuel the sequel.
You know what’s going on with ARK right now?
Do you take any prescriptions?
[deleted]
We are fueling up for launch ;)
I hate that I’m bored all the time so here I am once again
[deleted]
Take a break
Must be ur first time
Elon.
Join theta gang and become the casino
Governor Whitmer announcing new lockdowns/restrictions tonight at 6pm. Yay Michigan
A lot of people think they're sharks but don't realize they're remoras.
wait till you find out he already got out a few weeks ago in his filing on February 15th
That’s one fucking case.  I thought you guys were deep quantitative thinkers
I recommend selling before Tuesday
[deleted]
you dont know? its an amazing company thats been around for 17 years that relies on government contracts and hasnt turned a profit once. next pump and dump. get in now before it really takes off
Exactly. PLTR is the move.
But i got all these bags!
Gay
The UK market can barely afford a Tesla
Covid 2: Boris’ Boogaloo
You gotta love facial expressions of Vince McMahon. His face fits into every meme there is.
Why don’t just stop selling them, so easy. Now they a locking down or want to lock down people because of less deaths... and mainly older people... we are fucking up a whole generation of kids right now, psychologically
I'm not even that 🌈🐻  on Nio and think it's more likely to trade flat in the nearish-term than go down to Citron's number. Definitely not buying puts on it. I just want to see one compelling argument for why they (or XPENG, or LI) are likely to capture a large enough share of China's EV market to justify their current valuation and don't think battery swap, comparisons to Tesla, or these misleading statements that they have the support of the CCP are it.
Dates are a human construct
I know how you feel. My dog passed the day after Christmas 3 years ago due to old age. He was the first dog I ever had, I remember taking my parents to the shelter and I was able to pick him out. He was my best friend growing up all the way until I was 21. The one thing I regret the most, (even though it was out of my control) was that I was not able to spend the last 6 months of his life with him. I had just came home from marine corps bootcamp, and he passed 2 weeks later. I always think about it. I first received information about his sickness while in bootcamp through letters. And what hurt the most was that I couldn’t do anything about it. It was devastating. I’m just happy that he is no longer ill or suffering. He brought me and my family true happiness. 
Keep your head up
*Me? Is that you?*

&#x200B;

edit: very relatable for me
Meekend Mao extremely red.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Idk.. If it’s gonna go green tomorrow, then Yes..
put it in rice overnight
No positions.

No ban bet.

No strike suggestion.

Yawn. Next.
got 40 contracts for 30c for 2/2021  @.77  sold half at 2.02(had buyers)  dont let the low interest scare ya.... may just meme in no time
Oh yeah ur is awesome too 😎🤙
Go easy on the guy. Buy high sell low is actually a popular strategy, and this guy has it down pat!
I was gonna go shopping today but I think I'll wait until tomorrow morning when there's less people. Sure wish I could go in the middle of the night like I used to but it doesn't look like walmart will be going back to being open 24/7 anytime soon 😴
Sick looks like I can spread my money out into 4 different company’s and lose 4x as fast! Cheers m8
[deleted]
SpaceX first rocket with humans today🚀🚀🚀

TSLA will 🚀🚀🚀 too
Deep DD
you know it
Keekend Kow almost green
Here we go again!
Love that the most fervent assertions are always the most unknowable. 

Calls on a sky god.
Better to say a very rare thing.
This is the way
PLTR 
-is irreplaceable because of govt contracts
-no current competition 
-shows insane potential in commercial use 
-is run by a fucking supervillain that is buddies with the zuc, Elon, and everyone else with fuck you money 

Can’t go boobies upwards
NIO NIO NIO! 

three ways you can do this. 

Deep in the money 2 weeks out debit spread because volatility is so damn high (nerd)

Do a quick call on Monday and sell on Tuesday before earnings.

Or old fashioned balls to the wall full on retard style. Buy $30,000 worth of calls and hold through earnings.

(Please pick last option for full WSB experience)
Thank you
Yeah true, it's not an absolute floor but it typically does provide some support to valuation. I hear you on BB. I've seen it with so many cash rich "tech" stocks. Management just burns through the capital while paying themselves. Good gig if you can get it.
With or without slaves to work the land???
Please $275 so I can sell my calls that I’m down 70%
[removed]
Omg Same! What size bra u wear?
ARKK
The consensus is a firm maybe
MMED🚀
What?
Completely agreed. But 90% of people on here are buying and selling FDs on a daily basis.
I disagree with this because im balls deep in walmart calls
Shhh someone needs to hold the bags my dude
From now on, I will only be trading orange juice futures.
Well i mean spy hit ath monday....
This is what I like to see
this is YOLO, not DD
Is anyone forcing you to buy those cigarettes?
alexa play birthday sex by jerimih
Tsla 480 this week
Ask Gex.
Not happening. The market didn’t tank because of lockdowns last time it panicked because we didn’t know how to treat it or have any safety protocols and there wasn’t a vaccine in sight. Lots of uncertainty. Now that we know we’re 6 months from reaching the other side there won’t be another crash even if we lockdown because everyone knows it’s temporary and will immediately buy the dip.
Just tell her you were laughing at a meme your girlfriend sent
Don't come crying to us that you didn't get it on PLTR on time.
All successful ones.
I made some nice gains back when they were VTIQ 🤑
That's an interesting point. I'd imagine it has to do with outside programming code having the ability to interact with the service they're getting the images through.
the quickest way is to deposit $14,178.69.
It’s definitely big brain. Mm always win and WSB be bag holding as usual
So it’s a hold you think?
What a perfectly succinct way to describe this sub
Sell puts
Please so I can get some cheap yolo puts
Calls at Open.

Gotcha
let me get a put check bro
I aint hear no bell
https://imgur.com/gallery/zgSnZDy
LOL right... wtf
A lot of ppl are very excited and bullish for a more dystopian future
Calls on whatever heals Papa Musk.
Dude you can basically buy cigarettes at any shop that sell gas or food. Don’t tell me we are doing something about it
TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA TSLA
BABA $275 Calls for March 19. 2021.  There was some tremendous flow and lots of dark pool activity this past Friday.  


[https://imgur.com/a/al9SrTO](https://imgur.com/a/al9SrTO)
I think the old patriots kicker was always good.
Yes and look at the resources we (society) put towards ending smoking.  Any cause of death that can rival cigarette smoking is a complete gangster disease
Still have nightmares
>7'01"


Haha it would be funny if she stepped on me as a joke
Chick fil à is also out of lettuce ... :/
Be honest, has anyone here actually "invested" in Nikola before? Be it short term or longer.
Who else got tsla calls
What % gains did you make?
I quoted expensive puts and said nah market euphoric and gives zero shits.

If only I had known to quote doomsday puts... I for sure would have bought aome
What are some leaps that will make us rich?
[deleted]
Thetagang always acts like they’re better than everyone here when in reality they’re just pussy incels making less than r/investing
Mine is better
This is painful to watch. This is the kind of thing that gives people PTSD that lasts for years.
[deleted]
Shower thoughts right here.

I remember when I had the time to play fantasy a few years ago, every week I'd be fretting over who to get on waivers, what defense my receivers would be playing etc.

And Hauschka would deliver every fucking time.

Praise kickers.
I see what you did there. You want us to read that as a prediction for tomorrow so you put “of March” at the end. You got me.
Happy birthday you fuckin degenerate stock trading piece of shit
What
Whats everyone talking about pltr for
Tech is going to moon.
Buying Apple leaps. Apple will destroy Q1/21 earnings. iPhone 12, new MacBooks. The hype is real
Hahaha. This was gold. Wife wondered why I was laughing. It'd take 20 min to explain, given she doesn't even know what WSB is.
Thanks for this. Doing my TA on it and it's primed for profit taking. Maybe wait for earnings.
Sorrento Therapeutics? ER call sounded like they may partner or get a BO offer soon. They're in the COVID testing and treatment sector.
But we are? Clean energy and tons of campaigns against tobacco use/banning from places/etc... when’s the last time the entire world had to change their behavior when it comes to dealing with a virus to prevent tons of unnecessary deaths? Lockdowns, social distancing, mandatory mask for business across the world, etc
Even if they don't say it out loud, I would bet that 90% of this sub has the hubris to think THEY can make big money in this market through their intelligence (versus dumb luck), while even the greatest financial minds on earth hope for a 5% YOY return. At least the people that say "This is a casino" have a grasp on the reality.
Up 10% all time 😎
ya but why dough
[deleted]
**IF YOU SEE A PARTICULAR STOCK BEING CONSTANTLY PUMPED ON THIS BOARD, IT IS ALREADY TOO LATE. RETAIL AND ESPECIALLY RETARDED INVESTORS ARE ALWAYS THE LAST TO KNOW. JUST LIKE WHEN YOU SEE A BARRONS ARTICLE ABOUT WHY A PARTICULAR STOCK IS A STRONG BUY....IT'S ALREADY TOO LATE BY THEN. NIO AND PTLR ARE PERFECT EXAMPLES. DRILLING IN THE VERY NEAR FUTURE. DON'T BE LEFT HOLDING THE BAG!**
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221425092030278X](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S221425092030278X)
Exactly. And why I’m only 20% down all-time.
I fuuked a tsla yesterday. 8/10
Is Moderna releasing data this week?
WHAT MOVE DID THE LAST GUY DO WHEN HE JUMPED
TL;DR dogs have covid now, puts on Chewy
Monica
I’m sorry for your loss.
My poops have been like freshly poured concrete this week. Calls on metamucil
SPCE has a flight next weekend I’m all in on that
Nope, unemployment is out of funds.
Sucks bro, I would put a yolo in his honor, if it makes some gains I’d donate some to a rescue shelter in his honor
Nah, man. I'm long some short dated call options in anticipation of continued upside momentum. I'm not arguing for or against a position in NKLA. The EV space is a total gamble at this point and the landscape will look very, very different in 3 years. I think the smart way to play EV is in the infrastructure. 

Who is building out the charging stations?
I’d lock in profits. Ran up so much this year, and IV crush gives you the chance you rebuy for cheap if they dip after earnings.
Tomorrow there will be a $10 stock with the ticker of SOLO
It doesn’t take an investment banker to understand that tesla was only going up back in august on battery and s&p hype, what i mean is every once in a while an opportunity like this arises that doesn’t take a genius to figure out
Puts on CHWY in honor of this guy's dog.  But seriously sorry for your loss.
Bringing parachutes just costs money that could be invested in more calls.

-NIO investors
Different types of insurance. The lockdowns had a huge beneficial impact on health insurers (Anthem, UnitedHeathcare) and I suspect the lockdowns helped commercial insurers as well. Health insurers also got the benefit of the election results (any blue wave would have put them in jeopardy). COVID had more of a give and take impact on UNM’s lines (mentioned in the DD).

Management thought the stock was undervalued when it was at $38 when they initiated the huge buy back. I am assuming they will reinstate the buy back once the COVID lockdowns end and the vaccinations start
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bullish
ZM has big short potential if it gets pumped up this week. Just buy some puts a year out and forget about it
Is this a screenshot of what you typed up in Word? Lol
Zm is going to run up into earnings, when it will start is anyones guess. They are expected to beat bigly.  If anything it will dump hard in a couple weeks
Mcdonalds puts (corona) 
and TSLA calls (S&P inclusion)

Just send me a % please if you make $100k


Both for JAN2021 for the yolo.
[removed]
Man the DD for Nio on the frontpage is inspiring 😤
What he’s saying here is go long digital commerce and asset light business
No proof, GG
Depends on the casino game!
They can't write a computer program to count the cars?
Not yet imo
Nah. Erlich got rejected from PLTR, so they're bound for bankruptcy
[Yes it is.](https://www.ajmc.com/view/first-case-of-covid-19-reinfection-detected-in-the-us)
myspace balls
How much land can I buy in mongolia with these NIO calls?
Ohio wants to shut down too.
[deleted]
One more year closer to death
Only one put for me 44.5p 11/20. Printed on the 11/13 I bought last week, hoping to do the same this week.
Ur right zoom buy zm 11/20 600c because I’m sure the lockdowns will make it moon
I see no cake
You actually win money at the casino. Changed.
Lol everytime I see parler I think of a pizza parlor and get hungry
Ban
Dude if I play $1800 on the scenario I plugged in I stand to make $1200 with just a 1% move in either direction. I was planning on playing with like 5k.
What's crazy is this guy probably has a MFA and/or MBA from a top university and makes 6 figures.... counting cars.
Tell me about SOLO going to $10 tomorrow
Approved!
thank you. $25k in assets or $25k liquid cash? if it's the latter, I can understand why people don't just want a large sum of money sitting there.

As for day trading when young, I wondered why more people don't just buy big name stocks and resell them for higher. For example, $AAPL when it's red and then sell it when it inevitably goes green right before announcements or earnings. Even if it doesn't, you can hold it for a while and it should go up after a few months to a year.
Lol bitch, talk that shit Tuesday
This is the way
Idk, they have 1.5b of stock to sell at $17 based on their news announcement. The only thing that will make it gap is bond rates being increased, at which point I will wait for it to drop again from some panic story about covid getting worse before buying in. Buying points/timing the market makes a huge difference in profit percentage.
It’s my birthday today and I need y’all show some love to me
A weird version of loss porn. But here, have my upvote. Cherish the moments you shared together. It gets easier but never goes away. And that's for the better.
$FSR 11/20 20C. You have been put on notice.
Pure luck. Did math on which leaps to buy with a simple spreadsheet model. But, timing was pure luck.
It's ok he's only got it in one nostril
I will be loading up on PLTR when it drops below $12 again and not a moment before.
Just to put your Covid numbers in perspective, and that nobody cares about tobacco and air pollution, why aren’t we stopping those? Humanity ain’t going anywhere
[deleted]
ZM blood green
What if you are wrong?
I dont think anyone has argued this lol, and if they have they get hazed into submission
See?  Covid already going for our tendies
Yes...I am hoping for a drop but then since everyone is—I doubt it will come. Buy now before everything skyrockets.
I’m ready for the next crash they cause too
False. I don’t get 80% chance of winning at the casino
[deleted]
Ya I mean if there was anything resembling anything close to a shuttle launch facility I’d agree with you. They’ve got a super small super shitty airport and that’s it
IIRC it's not a market buy but more buybacks over a period of time
Wtf is that guy problem? We don't need that in times like this
Nerd
[removed]
Can't go wrong with the long Johnson.
Trust funds usually have limitations for that reason. Sounds like the parents were the trustees and just controlled the kids' money.
It's all about appearances anyways. By the time a vaccine is widely available, we probably won't even need it anymore.
Cool, good luck. 

Good move but stop spamming dude. We get it.
Hey.
How is this literally not free money on days we can expect a lot of movement? Also, how do the gains on the calls cancel out the losses on the puts when the price goes up? Also, when I sell, do they all sell collectively or do I need to sell the calls/puts individually when I want to close?
I SMELL TENDIES
Sounds like a good job. Pays well? I might like counting cars.
Just my opinion but I think it’s priced as though it can and will be China’s equivalent of Tesla. The sheer amount of people in China means that the volume of EVs sold in Asia will skyrocket over the next decade. That’s why they all went up last week, not just NIO. US EV market share doesn’t matter here IMHO.
Lipsdick.
Ah puts, the implied money burners
You’re dumb if this is what you believe
ZM PE was like 3113x back in Jan
Always go long calls on the Johnson. He blows coke out of a Gretzky’s ass. Might have given him super powers
$53, final offer
Dunno man I heard any technical stuff dont cope well with watery stuff.
I Woud say nether your iq or your bank account is huge

Pls don't roast me back I don't even know how to trade or have money or time to do something with my life
Oh man this is advanced retardation
I’m selling calls Tuesday on run up for a ton of money and then will decide the next move Wednesday after whatever happens on earnings. My shares I’m holding til something fundamentally negative happens to the company and will be adding aggressively if we dip into the 30-35 range post earnings-pre nio day
It’ll moon once this sub forgets about it
It’s chart looks bad over the 5 year period.
If this happens tomorrow my pp would get so hard!
Inverse
Boris Johnson might got covid again.
PLTR
God I hope so
Nio red
Zoom red
Spy green
LOL
Casino is the same as WSB. Change my mind.
Thanks for lunch
Should be tagged DD.
if souja boy merged with boxed water we would be doing great!
Yes, NIO does make cars, more cars than TSLA did at this stage in their existence. Assuming you misread my comment or are not replying to me
I’ve got some sqqq calls through March I avg down on them when I can
Nfl kickers are like theta gang. Minimal work, always profit and leave with their portfolios (bodies) intact
How do I become a space lizard. Doesn't sound like a bad deal
Be wary, like beware. Weary means tired bru
Just for some context on what we're going up against:

Guy working at a small investment bank shared his day to day. The bank pays for satellite images that update every few hours (versus days/months like the rest of us), and his entire job is to look at a series of factories around the world and track how busy their parking lots are. Allows the bank take long/short positions based on predicted output before earnings are reported.

Anyone who thinks they found a system, or a strategy, or a niche that investment banks are not aware of, you are absolutely wrong. The best we can hope to do is ride their wake.
Nio will moon here’s my dd:

Elon got the coco flu
and ordinarily you need large movements because you have to breakeven on both sides before making gains
Zippy chance NIO red tomorrow.
Reinfection is not a thing
PLTR - do a 60/40 split on shares and ATM calls. You’ll thank me later.

DD: Peter Thiel and US Gov. PLTR sued the army because they weren’t using their software then got 800m contract. Should be all you need.
Everywhere. They're only second most annoying to NIO gang.
RKT has buybacks in their holster ready to go...tell me how that can go tits up
I bet LZB rips and NIO does nothing
Walmart puts
Lots of NIO shills but very little proof. Post pics or stfu. Half of you are broke college kids who can’t afford a contract greater than $100 (been there). [Show positions so I know you’re not a bot](https://www.reddit.com/r/photolinks/comments/jtoh8p/_/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
There’s not going to be a short squeeze if everyone thinks it’s a dead business.
I'm clearly referring to fraudulent companies, not pump n dumps. Is this *your* first time?
[deleted]
My asshole getting tighter and tighter as we get closer to open
Puts on that and the robinhood IPO
Jesus Christ. So this was not play money.
How many of you Mango ass lickers are moving to Parler? Just trying to gauge how much more these threads will discuss real issues like way OTM 0 DTE HTZ calls.
Last weekend I played 14 353c/349p strangles. The vaccine pump made me lots of tendies.
You do realize what SPY is?
Bitch I HEARD 54
Do I hold my $35 05/21/21 NIO call through ER? Got in at $5.15. Took one on the chin on Friday but I’m still up 240% ER is has got me shook but I’ve still got 6 months until expiration. Thoughts?
Long-term?! So what, like two weeks then?
Well my Tiger Woods calls didn't print.
So ‘rona, will be a distant memory in the rich world 18 months from now, but still stay-home is going to ATH anyways because fuck it?
Yolo Jan nio calls. Got nio day in early jan so there might be a major run up
Facts
Omg at first i though bears are fucked but they bought NKLA as well hahahaha.
Too many people are bearish on CCL, you might lose that one imo. Good luck though!
ToS if my memory serves me right. Haven't used them in over 10 years
PLTR I came twice
Such a lowball price atleast 280 bro
Isnt that obvious?
Yeah I heard that too...
300
I don’t see how zoom can go up any more. The majority of their users will go back to in person school within the next year. The biggest portion of zoom users are students and when any positive vaccine news comes out I think zoom will drill like how it did the last time good vaccine news came out.
[deleted]
December NFLX 490C, you’re welcome. Feel free to venmo once you make tendies on those.
I wud nut
You just confirmed a yugeeeeeeeee crash is coming
If they do, I’ll be mad that I paid mine off in only a few years. I’d like a refund
He’ll be eating his words over the next decade
spy to the moooooon. no doubt we gap up tonight based on nothing. bears r fuk
Did they announce anything?
[deleted]
how many options you holding??
Welcome home
480 000 per year with tobacco, 200 000 per year with air pollution
It’s a pleasure
Not likely
bro I hope these mf boomers to buy more apple products, pretty sure that's what they do to feel like they're not gonna die soon
Time to break out the NIO $50 hat tomorrow
I’m going to graduate next semester with only ~17k in debt. 10k forgiveness would be great, doubt it will happen, but I knew not to overload myself. State school in my home state. 

The students drowning are either going for high paying jobs like lawyers or doctors, or they’re idiots who passed 4x more for out of state schools for “the college experience”
Amd 100c december
Not if Elon got the Rona
280
Yeah pretty much. It’s hit or miss on there but occasionally you find good trades. Have seen a few ones on there turn out to be 10 baggers
Show your position squid
It actually gets less deadly as it mutates
$5.76. You’re welcome retard.
Mortgaged his home
Yeah i followed one of his grades and sold for a 20% loss. Makes me wonder if most of his customer screenshots are bullshit or what.
NNDM
[deleted]
very nice
Spy strangle tomorrow 20 360c/356p? Stupid?
hmmm. my broke us gonna buy 100 stonks and sell CCs. thanks.
My tendie obsession started at an arcade when I was 8 and hit the big bass wheel jackpot. Been chasing that high ever since
This almost made me throw up. Shortly thereafter I got a weird boner.
Tech companies are generally dumping on anything but absolutely insane beats
Real fucking funny, but I'll have you know I work at ARBY'S like a real fancy man
Will debut a new IPO next week, my products include Snake Oil, Boxed Water, Pet Rocks, Soulja Boy Console.
[deleted]
Just read that a couple weeks ago. Absolutely agree. Super entertaining too, especially if you're one of us degenerates.
[deleted]
Not hard to grow alot when you are a 17 year old company with low revenues to start with. Same concept with investing. It is alot easier to grow 1 million into 10 million than it is to grow 1 billion into 10 billion.
Got me weak
Welcome to 2020. Where ya been?
so calls on sex toys?
Will check that out! Never heard of it thanks
And will subsequently drop 10% for no reason
Tim 🍏 cum
He's a murderer?
[deleted]
😂😂
I didn't know that ....
Why would I not load up on calls rn?
TSLA calls free money next week. Watch that historic SpaceX launch. To the moon!
I think it’ll fall because of the vaccine news
The day I would have sold my Zoom calls, had I been holding any Zoom calls
Next week probably 

With over a quarter million Americans dead from covid and 200k people getting infected everyday the DOW just crossed 30K 🥳🥳🥳
Got some favorite subs for learning?
Yes
Heard NIO is set to open at $49 tomorrow...idk thats just what I heard though 🤙
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/IdleSand the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"nearly one million USD" and "regret of losing 30k", you have no balls, fuck off outa here would ya
printing your portfolio red
Tastyworks
Nice 👍 
I have 10 364c 11/18
[deleted]
Made it from 1400 to 42k during that on pure spy put plays. Pulled out a little but got burned by tsla during it's first ramp up. Then made 30k on tsla calls a month later and lost it cause of course, I'm gambling not investing, fuck that. Then I made all my gains back again on Tesla and nvda, and lost it all again. Still up like 5k for year. Been a wild year. Prob should stop going all in 90% of the time trying to 3-4x 30k into 6 figures. But no real loss so no harm, no foul.
You've got people like Dalio and Cathie Wood buying heavily, and a likely earnings beat as well as extremely bright forecasting for 2021, and of course the CCP saying 20% EV by 2025. This could be Tesla 2.0.
Glorious L’s
I was talking to my buddy who works in PR for a large healthcare company. Said the vaccine won’t be widely available to Americans until the end of 2021. The rest of the world? Who knows, especially less developed nations maybe 2022.

Do with this info what you will.
🇨🇳
A tesla isn't a real car

they use batteries, you know, like what vibrators use?

unbelievable.
Yea printing food stamps
Tomorrow would be a good day for movement I would imagine. With the increasing covid cases and another possible vaccine announcement on top of Trumps constantly stolen election tweets lol. I was gonna try it with like 20 contracts of calls and puts. And sell as soon as I turn a decent profit. Not looking for anything over 20% tbh. At least for now.
They think their market share is safe then? I love toyota-- literally the most reliable car but I would pay for a ev corolla.
Pretty sure he's pulling all of them and he had puts at the right time too
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/g661qx/went_from_13k_to_40k_in_a_few_weeks_and_crashed/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

History will repeat itself. See you on Monday
Definitely paper trading options on webull on monday
Sorgum futures down 4% in Mongolian premarket 

Monday will be blood red 🩸 🩸
Wish I could’ve shorted your account
Ok - all generally reasonable responses to my comments. I may spend a little more time and more carefully evaluate this now. Good DD
Well said
I think they are.  Ceo just made fun of elon so hopefully its coming.
Can't affect us if we don't believe in science
44% yoy growth means next year it’s 15x revenue. Heard about the phrase “the market is forward looking”? Yeah.
Nio puts printing tomorrow 🤑
It’s a CCP owned propaganda rag for pumping Chinese tech companies
Buying as many 0dte’s as I can afford tomorrow
BABA $270 EOW??
Iwm put premium too high.
Kids are such pussies, I remember some kid cried because his color card got changed to red. It’s just paper bro. And our teacher is hot as fuck
Yeah I think people are putting the cart before the horse a little bit with the vaccine. But we’ll see.
What website is this?
unless vix checked up on you w a reverso.
numerours "bottoms"
The Toyota ceo would rather just continue to bash Tesla instead
Ah the real world losses your college economics class didn't prepare you for
Zm will spike because of increase in virtual meetings and etc.
Any one believe Biden and company will forgive some student loans? I’m fortunate to not have much but I know people getting ate alive them.
Justin bieber is sorry.
He's the one that divided the nation, having one half wearing masks and practicing social distancing while the other half were screeching about a piece of cloth on their face. A good President unites the People, and doesnt call a new fucking virus a democratic hoax like what the fuck kind of president is that lmao
Can we get a holiday banner rolling?
That much is obvious
Definitely feels like I should be learning something from this..
HOLLA HOLLA GET DOLLA
Bought the dip
[removed]
You spelled calls wrong. Lockdowns good for ZM
You did that in August? Lmao dude everyone else moved on from Tesla in August. “If” you had Yoloed in say.... Jan-March 2020, you’d have done considerably better.
69% of clients are too proud to admit they are sorry
Cameron Smith and his dirty 'stache just won me $1200 in a Masters pool. Time to throw it on DKNG calls
[deleted]
> unusualwhales 

very mixed reviews. most people say to use it as a tool to scout unusual trades and nothing more
I feel like I've already missed the boat for the most part. Kicking myself up and down for letting thousands sit in these etfs
All i hear is MRNA 125c 11/20
Donny going in on John Bolton is pretty awesome
Boomer stock
I'm trying to figure out what I'd do even if its a 5% drop, I'm so tech and moon heavy that I'd probably just have to liquidate and wait a few days
I got 370c 11/18
That’s one vaccine. This one could be even better and rolled out quicker
Why doesn't toyota jump into the ev game? You would think an ev corolla would sell well?
Those numbers aren't even that low compared to what some of these s&p and tech companies have been dropping to since this summer.
Wanted to buy market puts on the 10th but didn't know how and I finally learned how to on like March 24th fml
ZM puts gonna print or wuttttttt
Haha I figured tomorrow would be a good day to try it out with “lockdowns” that developed over the wknd  and potentially additional vaccine news. What if I just bought like 10 call at 360 and 10 put for 356. Is this a bad strat on 0dte or does it work better for longer exps?
This is the way
They have 1 billion in cash I believe. They're not going anywhere.
Agreed. I’ve asked 4 times what does AAPL need to get past $125 and i keep getting ignored.
China labor isn't cheap. China began outsourcing lower skilled work to Africa and Vietnam.
Meanwhile I'm worried ima lose shares on a covered call...they just started to expand to Hong Kong idiot
I work at a Sam's club, we have no chicken, no toilet paper... beef is next.
We have people here buying nio at the top so.....
Thank you brother 🤝
44% yoy growth.
Can’t speak for 0DTE but usually you’d need a significant movement in a direction rather than a half-assed one to make anything on a strangle.
Nice. Bought hella shares when it was around $6
IMO YouTube is the best resource there is
https://twitter.com/chinacongress/status/1328073378905800704?s=21
and bring me a second coming
[removed]
Those are rookie numbers son.
👏👏👏👏
Shhh don’t bring valuation into this. P/E ratio of over 500 rn and at its highest over 600 is crazy to me even for big tech companies
its a sad world we live in these days, but thats human nature for you. a lot of people cant comprehend anything beyond themselves
Didn’t say shit about citron but go on assume away. Just the fact is real money is holding info until they get their cut then it’s a free for all for what’s left. Any real arbitrage opportunity is already gone.
If you have shares just hold it long term. If you playing earnings I think it already peaked Friday morning. ER is already priced in. What would Nio announce that we don’t already know? I’m Nio bull long term but it has to consolidate before it starts mooning back up.
Smooth brain degenerate
He drives a Mercedes. Must cost a fortune to garage in Manhatten
Im so trigged
Must read if you’re in the market imho- 
Reminiscences of a stock operator. Not a ton of metrics on there but a hell of a lot about market psychology
There was vaccine news last Monday. It’s already priced in.
69% of retail clients are dead from covid
420 lbs is 190.68 kg
They mostly sell basic life / supplemental life / short-term disability / long-term disability policies. These are pretty standard / bare bone level of coverage employers offer employees.

Separately they sell individual life insurance policies and those sales are declined during COVID. But their group business is strong - and I’m skeptical there would be any interest from the administration in reducing employee benefits. These are generally low cost perks the company can offer. 

Like all companies they will be impacted by any change to corporate rates (and potentially changes to share buybacks if that happens) but their core business will be unaffected
Crazy or brave
Solo calls?
[removed]
amen ... hope she gets it back tho 😂
Thinking about getting some calls for SRAC
Damn that’s harsh
No u dumbass.... 420 lbs
I am buying puts in January for February.
WMT sale before earnings report
Wait tomarrow and watch in the morning
Y’all keep forgetting that 🥭 called the top in his “pat on the back” presser on Friday. You know what that means 🌈🐻
The good book says some stocks will go up, some will go down, and others will trade sideways.
This is more for casual reading when I'm away from the city life and am tired of looking at a screen. But don't worry I'm using it too
Why? I’m not saying they won’t hit. But historically Monday’s are the greenest days ever. If you wanted to play a 0DTE, literally any other day had a better chance of success.
El Paso is using refrigerated trucks as morgues currently... they’re doing tragic
I envy everyone that's never interacted with you.
Well Jesus hates 🌈 so bears r fuk
really need AAPL to figure their shit out, fuckers cant get past $120.
Parachute? Nah, we die like real men
Up 44% year over year. God how many times I heard the same shit about Netflix, FB and now PLTR. This year gonna be 25 times revenue. Next year if growth is similar gonna be 13 times revenue. Get it?!
TO GO... EVEN FURTHER BEYONDDD.... HAAAAAA!1!1!1!1!1!!1!
I'll let you know how much I lose. Small bet. 2 calls worth -350$ at the worst
You talking monthly leaps? That's a little too far out for my taste.
Dip at open then steady climb to 0% for an hour then moonshot
This too
I’ve got both. I’d say PLTR right now. You could get in on a better price for NIO, assuming it goes down after earnings.
No; covid introduced zoom to the world. Remember in the Facebook movie when people started saying “Facebook me?” Zoom is now the ubiquitous term for video chatting. They have recently paired with upwork as a long term partner for what will be a great rehiring tool throughout the recovery.
“Palantir even sued the US Army in 2016 to force it to consider using its intelligence software after the Army chose to go with its own. Palantir won the suit, and then it won an $800 million contract.”


Wow so they basically sued the government to force them to use their software? LOL
Yeah I feel like that's a safer bet. I feel like I missed the NIO train. Bought at $9 and sold at $12 lol
PLTR
[deleted]
Hahahahha mother fucker said 

1 quarter makes 4 dollars......

Oh God
25 people died in ny from corona this week. No one is dying anymore. .1% of the population has died of this. The only thing its killing is poor peoples jobs and lives.
The run up Will be on monday, then on tuesday they Will get your asses by Surprise and fuck all of you with sand
What does the good book say will happen tomorrow?   Got to put your faith in Jesus during these trying times
Puts on that one Chief
God had calls last week so he’s a little salty. He’s going to pull some strings going forward, though.
I believe they are trying to scale the business, so the losses make sense in my opinion.
Michael Vick found DDOG. U r fuk
after news of him getting sick, he said he'll remember the concern that everyone expressed

pretty sure he'll be looking for them to prove what they said
Ok, you can stop repeating this shit now. We get it. short it or buy puts and get tf out.
This looks like the average /wsb Robin Hood account.
420% of retail clients are long ACB
Easily the worst nightmares I’ve had, even worse than my tendies being taken by citron
You want to get in and out fast. They lose a lot of money especially if they’re OTM as the day goes on. One small move in the other direction can fuck your profits bigly. However, I’ve made a shit ton playing them on momentum day trades following the spikes and dips. Also, I try to drop my losing leg right away too.
They’re all beautiful eyes to me 👌🏼 lol
I mean I literally use MS paint for work.
[deleted]
I think it’s a smaller Chinese company that isn’t effected by the anti-trust. PDD’s competition is being killed by China.
Can someone explain these pictographs of tickets to me?
🐄🐄🐄All in $COW🐄🐄🐄
literally going tits up
Ya the business prospects for zm are going to be great when the vast majority of its users won’t be using it in the very near future. It’s not worth it’s valuation and the only thing propping it up is there is no vaccine yet. So ya short term sure u might think it won’t drill because of lockdowns but just like last week any positive news for a vaccine and zoom will drill.
🥭 going nuts on Twitter.....bullish.
Ready for this moderna pump for sunday night futures
If the stock trades sideways and is between breakevens at expiration you lose money
O yeah and stop cold turkey, don't cut back on human food because it will only make you dog think he isn't begging hard enough
Because the numerator is 1000x bigger than the denominator.
I can see Spy hitting $400 by the EOW with all this negative corona news
Except those guys have parachutes
[deleted]
We're in complete agreement
Like MS paint or word ?
How does it feel knowing you will never be as happy in your life again as when you went to the book fair with $25 your parents gave you
I like ur flair
Really nice writing. Seriously.
PLTR
This made me laugh a bit more than I should
But Citron is what, a gold standard?
I have a friend whos testing the AstraZeneca vaccine man is crazy volunteered for it too
Does he have a proven track record? 

He sounds like he knows what he’s doing!
these posts are great because I'm gonna be FUCKED if NIO doesn't go up
How good are his calls?
69% of clients are long in the tweekend cow
[deleted]
Can someone please just tell me my data dog calls are gonna do well and everything is going to be ok
I hate this stock, nice work and good luck.
[deleted]
Man I hope so. I have 11/20 $45c
Serious question. How do you lose money on a strangle? I just plugged in a 0dte spy 360c 355p and it shows profit in either direction. Unless it ends the day at 358?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NiO is a pump and dump.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jusj3a
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jusj3a) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/gooseegg101, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
gooseegg101
OverpricedBagel
ShortCorona
CoronaEraXpertTrader
DoubleKillGG
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Fuck yeah bro. Hang in there and some day, I am sure you will get back to deepthroating but sober :)
Sir, this is a casino
Bro your the master and your killing your dog. Human food will make him fat, and dogs shouldn't eat human food with all the spices and shit in it. If you love your dog you'll stop. Or you can mix in healthy human food( dog friendly veggies, a egg, fruit into his kibble. Just google it first. My puppy has only had veggies and his kibble and he never begs, not once
Amen to that
uno reverse whatever they say 👍
New England is starting to threaten it. A few governors have been vocal about potential thanksgiving stay at home orders and lock downs after. 

All my friends who work in hospitals are really concerned.
🌈🐻
Smart boy
Definitely get a 2nd opinion on this, it's either euphoria gains or very obvious 1-2 down days to me. Still long
Subscribe to newsletter please.
Mfw I bought uvxy 12/4 12.5c’s Friday and immediately after that see uvxy 12/4 14c’s pop up on unusualwhales 😎😎😎
I called it

>Hush little autist dont say a word

>Daddy Elon gonna flip you the bird

the bird was covid.
Do it after earnings IV crush
Rooting for another lockdown for the quality content shitposting videos we had back in March. Jpow and the printer with the text from Donnie was gold. I miss those days.
it's called dadvidend
if you really feel this bad, make your chinese money and make sure when you spend it, it goes towards americans and american companies.
Yeah short a stock that's making all time highs lol don't forget to post loss porn
I didn’t learn through books bro. Google shit. Books are information overload
Yes, I spent 15$ on .01$ put options expiring December.  Thank you for advice.
Idk but NIO going Jesus mode and coming back from the dead
This place is ALWAYS bearish on weekends. Even last year when the market was ripping, it was always bearish here on weekends, people calling for rug pull every Monday.
[deleted]
This
All in on $SPY puts.  People were paying off loans left and right.  Well, the true autists weren't.  But the smart bastards who knew a Wendy's vs a the top run on the rail of the Golden Gate Bridge did the right (non entertaining) thing.
Yes.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Vendicated the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All analyst groups need to disclose holdings and previous moves on the ticker before the press release.
[deleted]
I mean, if that’s the life OP wants for himself, that’s up to him. But after proving yourself as “edgy” in high school, it stops being cool. If you get caught drunk in college classes or work, you’re not looked at as cool, you’re looked at as an idiot. I’ve made my share of fuck ups when I was younger and was proud of them when I did it thinking it was cool, but at the end of the day, you’re just coming off as irresponsible if you’re doing drugs at work. Not something to brag about if you’re over the age of 16.
Any autist go to church today?  What does God think of NIO?
Bucket of spicy nuggets and bbq sauce
tree fiddy
But up 340$+ still for the year, market cap of 115 BILLION even after the drop
Women are harder to diagnosis with Aspergers because we blend. I probably do have a dose of Aspergers given both my parents are engineers and I am a software engineer, but in real life nobody can tell past my bubbly personality =)
Before earnings? I can't predict what happens Wednesday but I can predict you are wrong about the run up to earnings.
0% interest loans to do stock buy backs shoots up prices  like crazy p
Remindme! 6 months
Depends on how old you are
Thanks man - I was trying to acquire more shares during that dip you mentioned. I couldn’t believe it went up so much over the course of a few days.
Is this going to be another one of those Sunday evenings where futures open slightly red, bears celebrate early and run victory laps just to say "the market is rigged" when shit turns green later at night and rips green tomorrow?
Yeah man, took a break watching football, I'm starting to get back into it.

https://youtu.be/PdGV66w7WrM
If not many know about Boris' announcement yet and it's next week, I wonder what that alone will do to the EV sector since everybody is already paying attention
Lot of words there 

Weekly OTMs it is
Elon having COVID an arrow whistling towards tech bubble?
problem is you live in a poor-people apartment. get a rich-people apartment instead, they have excellent noise insulation. can't remember the last time i heard my neighbour
Mommy money is best money me like :)
No.
Should I buy PLTR or NIO tomorrow as a long term hold?? I'm leaning towards PLTR.
Obviously she needs to give you more money so you get it all back.
There’s a difference between turning profits and making money
True. I guess the question is, which EVs?
Correct
Moneyball
its not monday yet
[deleted]
Ayeeee
Thank you for proving my point.
It's a me! Mario! Yahoo!
I recommend reading through the first two years of Mr. Money Mustache's blog. Not for investing advice, but for little gold nuggets here and there.
“Markets edge higher as lockdowns remain uncertain “
Brrrrrrrrrr
no company is buying Cadillac life insurance policies for employees with higher taxes incoming and health insurance premiums likely to increase even more...
its just salt oil and tofu really
Dude you obviously bought PUT options on the company and are losing money bad.  

If you researched the company before you bought the puts you would know that.  But your laziness in that is just the same in your laziness in this post.  

Good luck cut your losses and buy call options on NIO.
NIO is old news. PLTR is new and hot.
Get an actual condo spec apartment and its amazing. Literally have never heard my neighbors
It is structured in Tiers at IB. First $100k in margin is 1.59% per year. As you add more margin the higher tiers charge a lower interest rate.
Bro but im holding puts..
If you are planning to hold a stock long term, this is not a terrible thing, mind you it is 100% and should get you beat up on the play ground, plus you still collect the dividends
Is this a word document?
Except it closed 10% higher end of day. Li and xpeng earnings indicate that shit is still going to moon. And you won't be left holding any bags when the us market crashes.
One of them is 1800FLOWERS
there’s no lockdowns
Nah the trick is to be even more irrational than the market.
No proof
Yes, but they can find another contractor to do the work. They aren't tired PLTR. Plenty of other guys do what they do. 

Those guys are restricted likely to the non-defense related contracts like Airbus, legacy automotive, etc. Not their bread and butter.
I get this feeling as well. This week is the start of a moon mission. Darkpools don't lie.
I can't really shit on America because my country (Belgium) is doing a lot worse (lol population density). But Trump doesn't have this man, if he actually acted maybe he would have won this because old people tend to vote republican, so having them die just before the election kind of sucks
Diary of a wimpy kid
Lol self cathing. To even know what that is you have to be a semi boomer at least
should I yolo my entire net worth into NIO Jan $60 calls?
NIO puts
LOW calls
NVDA straddles
Well if it was confirmed it would be priced in. But I think highly likely it will be.
A spicy chicken wtf else
Was this the guy crying on the tv while buying puts then switched back
u remember a huffpost article from 8 months ago lmao
I want my DAVES DOUBLE YOU POS
I’m literally putting my whole account into ZM
Nothing on planet earth is worse than high density housing. I’d rather be homeless than live in an apartment... the dream is to own acres of land and never have to hear another soul through my walls ever again
Good DD as it’s most likely exactly what they did lol.
I was waiting for it, haha.
[deleted]
He is prepping for the pictures of look at the president when he entered and left office . 

Needs to look like he worked hard and got stressed
When you get your girl to hold it it's like you have a third hand. Defying time and space.
It fuckin better!
Can’t go tits up
Are EV’s affected by Tech Futures ?
Wow this is such an informative reply. You should post it 50 fucking times throughout the thread you sperg.
I lived next to the drummer from Crazytown in an apartment in Hollywood for years. My therapist thinks I have PTSD from it. Calls on trailers.
It would be irresponsible to help the degens. The integrity of WSB must be preserved
I gotchu
Florida gets a lot of hate mainly due a weird blend of retirees, rednecks, and a constitutional right to public information.

But it's great. Weather is only miserable 4-6 weeks out of the year(August/september) and 50% of the year is nearly the definition of perfect clinate, with late spring early fall being a coin flip.
The sad part about USA, is that we heavily rely on their cheap labor to produce the goods for us, like nike,nvidia,apple,addidas to name a few
you will always remember where you were.
I don't wanna ask r/investing for a good book to read on market plays they're boring as fuck but I also don't want dumbass suggestions from here on "great" books that are actually picture books of electric vehicles and rockets. Preferably a book around short/long-term investing, metrics, options, etc. Any suggestions?
You can make money shorting... Never understood the bear hate. Short gains and better entries, what's not to love.
If it goes parabolic tomorrow, I'm def keeping an eye out for puts after earnings lol
Same lol. If shit hits the fan this week just hold long term, it'll be at 120 minimum in the next 12 months, or days. Lol
I would’ve called him an idiot as well, but aren’t you worried that with vaccine news imminent that it may impact ZM earnings?
Doesnt matter. Im putting a Grilled Chicken Sandwich in your bag no matter what
0dte spy strangles bruh
LOL ok this comment actually made me laugh out loud. I haven’t found anything this funny since June 2020 around here
I like Unum.  Have traded it a few times the past few months when it got down to the high 16's.  The last time I thought I might hold it but it moved from $16.70 to $19.50 in about 3 trading days so I took the profit.  

Options are monthly so you're not going to get a lot of love here.  But for folks that want to bank some of their tendies for long term while they continue to play the WSB casino, it's a good stock that should make a decent grind higher for those with patience. 

Good luck with your position.
Yea almost like the market is future  or something
Oh word? Thanks for the heads up big dog.
U heard it on WSB foist
So?
What the fuck is that nonsense lmao
The time I had my first ever panic attack and mental breakdown and lost nearly everything.  Thanks for the memories! 👍
Fair enough but I think there was a healthy skepticism even before corona. The fed cut rates in 2019, there was a run up in Dec- Jan and debt bubbles were setting up for a traditional crash. I figured it would happen around September-october 2020 because I figured by then sanders would be a clear favorite to win and the markets would panic. The march crash wasn't on anyone's radar and even then you had to be careful because buying the dip for those first two weeks was like trying to catch a falling knife.
Like cmon. It’s literally every time the bears come out we know it’s gonna be green it’s never gone the wsb ways
Not even confirmed they’re announcing tomorrow
What about it?
Why do you do this to me?
DraftKings free pools are literally free money that can’t go (.)(.)^

Just don’t deposit more money and you’re golden.
Sir this is a... oh.
This is the way
What’s next? Buying shares?
Pick me up a Diet Coke and a chili will you?
ugh, there’s too many people around, we need a pandemic
That was the best buying opportunity in the last 20+ years.
where do you see this bro
Just invested 50% of my portfolio into it. Most solid company I’ve seen. Peter Thiel ain’t no bitch.
[here](https://www.google.com/)
I know people are screaming end of the world every day but China doing lockdowns was a clear signal that this was going to be quite bad.
Just realized the market crashed on my birthday, I was born to be in the red
Converting to a spread on an underlying you’re still bullish on is a fantastic way of minimizing losses while keeping skin in the game if the stock trades sideways for a little
Not a bad idea but I was deleveraging this week. Cases rising makes me want to have some leverage on the sidelines. If it falls back to the $12 dollar range, I may sell something to jump back in.
God I wish I could relive Feb. 20-28
Means they no longer sell new policies for that line of products. They just collect premiums for any policies still in force and pay out benefits
I'd buy it.
When Moderna announce vaccine on Monday and SPY shoots up 10% that’s a large “opportunity cost” to you holding cash
!remindme 1 year
https://imgur.com/5KTbU9R

I'm at your workplace, what should I get?
I think your argument is sound. Google “QALY actuarial science” if you want an interesting read. In terms of meaningful years shaved off of American lives WWII is an order of magnitude worse. I’m not sayin the bat flu isn’t bad, because I think it is, but I agree they aren’t comparable.
[deleted]
Its like a personal hand warmer
Boy that's a lot of Chinese companies I've never heard of
Yup. Just do the inverse of this sub
Holy shit my boner just got extra hard holy God damn
“damage he caused” yea because he’s the one that released the deadly virus into the world
!RemindMe 3 days
He might be going for the bill cosby wheelchair defense for jail. Its tried and true/will probably work.
Bullish
[deleted]
Good!  Smart man - I was about to say I hope you are with interactive brokers!  This trade with anyone else could get expensive.   Schwab and Fidelity margin rates are stupid high.  Good luck on the trade.
So what I’ve gathered is, follow Citron and long anything after they post shit about it and it tanks?
[deleted]
I'd rather live in some shitty cheap ass trailer in the middle of bumfuck nowhere than to ever have neighbors attached to my apartment ever again. Can't take one little midday nap without these motherfuckers having their kids stomp holes into the floor shaking the whole place. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SatisfactionReal the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
Yea guys, let's listen to the guy who lost 70% of his portfolio. Surely he will lead us to tendie town.
Is pdd the next one meme / profitable stock in the short term? What's the buzz about this?
Yeah i dapped up my barber on accident but I had hand sanitizer, it was dry af like dude
And not too ahead
Ever have the dream of all of your teeth falling out? That’s a terrible one.
Why is it so bearish in here? Is it really gonna be THAT green on Monday?
OP is probably from Michigan where $600/month is considered "not bad" for car insurance.
I’ll do what I want little bitch. Now gonna shine my shoes.
& socialism helps EV adoption along with the likely hood to get a plate for a call. EV plates have more likely hood to be awarded.
You guys ever just grab your dick? Like not to jerk off or anything but just to grab it. There's something comforting about having your hands down your pants
2hours and 40 min
[removed]
Ah yes, all his eggs in one basket. Idk what else I expected
God that would be nice, take me to tendie town before Christmas pls
I don't think it will crash as hard.  Coronavirus isn't as unknown anymore which removes some of the fear; and even if we do a shutdown, it looks like vaccines are less than six months out which is why those stocks that crashed the deepest have just recently been rallying on the vaccine news.
ORANGE MAN'S HAIR IS COMPLETELY WHITE RIGHT NOW. COVID AFFECTS HAIR COLOR? BEARISH!
Nio started out as 1% of my portfolio a few weeks ago, now it's 10% and I'm hoping it's 50% by end of year. Then I will cash out and pay off all debts. 

Then rinse and repeat (minus the debt part)
[deleted]
ikr

his puts will open worthless tomorrow morning
I stopped because I wasn’t getting anywhere in life lol. I’ve always lived by if you want to know where you are going in life look around who you are hanging out with and that will be your future. Shit was great but lost a lot of friends. But yeah I miss it. Having a girl do blow off ur dick then deep throat u is a nice experience especially if your gf doesn’t do that. But I’d never go back
Oh yeah, the government owns it, but they almost never have the means to maintain it on their own. If they don't renew a contact, they'll typically have to find another company to take it over. It's not uncommon for companies to lose contracts.

With that out of the way, look here:

[https://github.com/davidlyness](https://github.com/davidlyness)

[https://github.com/delta003](https://github.com/delta003)

It took me 1 minute to find internationals working at Palantir. They can still work on the code: it's just the guy that's going to embed at whatever alphabet that's going to need to be cleared. Individual customers will have their own nuances, but in general it's not impossible for them to use foreign talent. It seems demonstrated by those github profiles, doesn't it?
i thought all non-maskers had some form of noticeable autism. I was at the grocery store prepping a bit for the potential lock down. im in the cereal aisle, and a guy (no mask) compliments me on my mtv shirt. we exchange pleasantries a bit and i was waiting for this guy to go off the rails at any moment maybe talking about how certain colored paint chips taste better than others, but to my surprise guy was normal. when we were about to part  ways he extended his hand for a shake, and by reflex i shake it. i probably have the rona now. but anyway NIO to 60 after earnings
[deleted]
Forgive me if I don’t respect your crash call if you didn’t trade it.
I wish there a way I could start selling covered calls on my Publix shares.
bought spxl puts on Friday. let's gap down please
He bought PURPLE Calls
Bout a few .01$ puts for fun.
I’m like 90% cash. I sleep much better. Much. Much better.
Really happy for DJ he's a good dude
Luckin
Bears r fuk
Nacy incuraging people to go to China town and shit.
It is structured in tiers at Interactive Brokers but it is really low (main reason I am with IB). On the first $100k the rate is 1.59% and it goes down from there as you go into higher tiers.

So the dividend on the margined shares more than covers the cost
[deleted]
Use your generator. But what if there is no WiFi or phone service!
Damn that’s so boring I’m sorry 😔
indubitably
State by state is really important, if say, California, New York, Oregon, Washington, Colorado, and Illinois shut down, that is 70 million people, and about 39% of the U.S. GDP on lockdown.
That would be a catastrophe for the market.
[deleted]
Probably. iirc we just hit 1m so that kneecaped reopenings hard
He still has a chance to get it ALL back.. there’s 1 pending stock in his notifications.
cares a/b lockdowns tho
I'm 40% cash so I literally can't go tits up
I’m sorry you own calls
ah yes rolling lockdowns are bad for a video communication company that’s down ~$140 in a week
Sounds like you bought puts huh? How cute
[removed]
Never been a fan, I'm a basketball kinda guy
Just have wmt and some dividend giants right now. Haven't sold anything yet. Didn't play options. Kicked myself because I wanted to buy Penn at its low but didn't pull the trigger.
Many companies profitless yet worth billions. Many not giving dividends, shares quadrupled in a year. Who ponzi funds this MLM casino? JP money printer? The economic growth of money circulation? Us at WSB?
POOP
People always harp on and theorize analyst groups and banks downgrade stocks so they can get them for cheaper. On the surface it seems to make sense, are there any protections against this?  Like a 1 month moratorium on buying a stock ticker if you downgrade it?
IV Crush?
Lol nice spread of misinformation there. Read up the context of the situation and why it was being called racist (not that I agree that it was but it was fishy) At the time China had only 100 cases a day or so, they were past the point of fighting it and had it somewhat contained while Italy had 100k+ cases a day and was only placed on 'travel advisory' while China was outright banned even though they had less total and daily cases. See why it was bullshit? Plus he placed that ban way too late lmao, he just wanted to swing the government's big dick around and make himself feel important.
I sold puts around $41
If you want a toothless blowjob just put out a Craigslist ad ya damn freak
PLUM
First thought is: If stocks recovered quickly from March, why panic sell now? Answer: To keep your gains and buy back in at the bottom. 

People who follow specific stocks know their range of value. So it wouldn’t be “panic selling” but selling to “buy the dip, make a grip.”
Who is your broker? If it is an actual company and not Robbinghood, then just call to make a trade
Bonus: nyse put the ssr (short sale rule) on nio and xpev in after hours, have fun bag holding puts this week

ftp://ftp.nyxdata.com/NYSEGroupSSRCircuitBreakers/NYSEGroupSSRCircuitBreakers_2020/
Enron, Theranos, WorldCom, Bernie Madoff, Lehman Brothers...should I keep going?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** For all autists undergoing rough times...

**URL:** https://redd.it/jus6ry
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jus6ry) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/madocsherbrook, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
madocsherbrook
grego45
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
you tease
making fake teeth is easier than it has been in human history. boring virus

\#NEXT
Zm gonna drill fam
NiO is done, over, nothing. Forgettaaa bout it
Smoothies! With THC
Fund your account again. See you next week bud
Yes
For the 1000th time...

The. Market. Cares. Not. About. Rona.
NIO
The work around....get a wife. Open an account in her name. 

“My friend” did this....worked great for him until he did maxed the day trade limit on her account...
Lol in real life, most of my sense humor is conservative satire. I work mostly for conservatives and my jokes usually go right over their head but it still makes me laugh inside lol.
Whenever you have a positive thought about society or see someone doing something good with their life, remember that 'the masked singer' exists and fox is now starting to create spinoffs.
Was pretty nervous watching that 3mo RSI fail to drop all day Fri while it shit the bed on an up day for NQ. Watching it recover EOD and the RSI drop sub 40 again let me stop panicking. Also expecting a gap up Mon barring NQ being heavy down.
How much did you make on it 🙅🏻‍♀️
You can do it bro. I'm not terribly far from making my account back that was in worse shape than you are now in early fall.
Seeing as mass amounts of panic sellers probably switched to puts, my guess is it will go up to fuck them over as that’s the way this seems to work.
Yes. Bigly
cuck advice. Fuck off back to r/investing
[deleted]
Bad news = stonks go up ofc
Sorry for being retarded but if I'm confident a stock is going up in the relative short term (2-8 weeks), it's smarter to convert a naked call bought during weakness to a debit spread than it is to just open the vertical spread when buying the call?

If the stock runs up while holding the naked call and then I convert it to a spread, I'm essentially saving a bit extra on the short leg and then limiting my losses.
I think if BABA doesn’t rebound tomorrow but JD crushes earnings, BABA will sell off a bit more as investors continue rotating into JD and PDD
[deleted]
What type of beary cuck shit is this
My guess is up. That Citron article was probably right but the retard meme strenght with this one is unreal.
I work in big auto and were so far behind it's not even funny
Priced in ya dumb fuck
Beware the Ides of March
It finished pumping November 12th. Back down to $11-12 at a rapid pace.
Is just getting started
What are some near March levels?
BS in Aerospace Engineering from Purdue University. Not an expert by any means. Real experts have a MS minimum.
Lookie here at Mr. Moneybags drinking titos.
Looks like a sale to me
Less than three hours til futures. Thank God. Browns Texans game is boring as fuck
Watching Z & POST, adding to my position on dips.
[removed]
This was heaven. I went in with everything I had, and it just tripled. Love, love market crashes.
I just haven’t had it in a while nothing happened
Nice
Just 3 hours till bull-blood red. LOCKDOWNS! SAD!
My favorite loss porn posted here are the ones that go from an initial deposit and gradually down to 0. Like they made 6 or 7 different plays and all of them immediately turned against them. Like you’re not addicted to gambling, you’re addicted to losing money🤣
Why not just buy back 750 and hold then?
bullseye
Exactly this.
haha i take bite
[removed]
[removed]
I mean I literally have an aerospace engineering degree that I never use. But if you went through first year engineering physics in college and passed there is no math you haven't already learned required to prove how far behind they are on strictly a kinetic energy (0.5*m*v^2) basis. Having a functional proprietary rocket engine IS something, but I can assume its design criteria is significantly less demanding than a rocket that needs to work for longer (I assume) than VG's rocket engine (70 seconds). Space Shuttle SRBs burnt for just over 2 minutes for reference.
There's no asterisk implying it was edited like yours so no, no he didn't
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** For all autists undergoing rough times...

**URL:** https://redd.it/jus6w5
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jus6w5) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/madocsherbrook, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
SpeakerQueasy
kl102
grego45
ribru17
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Ur the rich one, tell me or else.
I saw that about north dakota, insane.
[deleted]
One of the most visited platforms on the global web is not big tech? You’re delusional
well done sir- i bit the bait
Yeah I know your friend is a government official who has access to multiple levels of intelligence, you’re in a hospital seeing 127% capacity, your uncle is working on the vaccine and said it’s not coming anytime soon, your dads cousin works at a school and all the kids are dead, your cousins sisters boyfriends mistress is a helicopter pilot and “shits looking wild down there.”

Fuck off and bet on who will benefit from the stimulus checks which we know is coming and not a shutdown which we don’t know is coming.
Thanks for your DD. That means I should sell my stock based on your detailed presentation?
That  day was the genesis of what was to become a great wealth creator  for millions of gambling addicts.
Lockdowns
[deleted]
I think it will hit 40.
Put the put in your putos motherfucking shorts
green? wb all the lockdowns?
You're most likely 8000km too far from me bby girl 😙
Canadian weed stonks, not cannabis companies per se and not equipment suppliers. My money is on PM/MO taking over once it's federally legal.

I'd have to add PTON and some of these insane valuations on like docusign etc. 

Vale was a sorry, shitty P&D attempt here by some scammer.
Reminder:

Citron Research said Luckin Coffee was a good investment 🥴
[deleted]
Lockdown bois
Your only saying this cuz of you have calls rn. Look at the
AZZ$
Burning down the amazon isn't exactly decreasing the odds of another pandemic
What are the greens?
Calls on future more dangerous COVID's. CALLS ON PLTR
🤯 they don't exist
NIO will either go down 10% or go up 15% Monday. Which will it be, folks?
[deleted]
Saw some 🌈🐻s out behind Wendy’s making some [lunch](https://youtu.be/KfsW93y9KH0)
Depends how good u can give blowjobs
I wish we had 20 open ICU beds in Oklahoma, that would be 20 more than we have right now
Only if you make sure to lose it immediately
Username checks out
He definitely went back and changed it because he’s a little bitch
Sell and get into PLTR, earnings will be better less uncertainty about direction I would say. Shits going up.
Lols. He definitely posts here to be losing so much money so quickly
Lol futures gonna be green as sht
The day I sold everything 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Haha maybe but you have to be some ultimate retard to mess up that much. At some point just pay someone smarter than you to take care of the money.
What will happen:
At 24.50$ I will sell half my shares. Since I have been hurt so many times.
Price will skyrocket to 30+
Fearing to lose some other gains, I will not sell other shares.
Price will then pummel to 26ish for another 2-3 years.

This way I would have sold far from the high and I could not buy again without losing money
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** looks like I missed the boat on NIO. There's gotta a better spot for my equity than oil ETFs

**URL:** https://redd.it/jus8o7
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jus8o7) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Mistletokes, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
kl102
cafenegroporfa
[removed]
I remember Air Canada units on the Canadian exchange a long time ago. AC.UN.T
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
It has been decided
Get on the carousel you're over 30!
You're wrong about NIO
I know reading comprehension is hard but he said *American* deaths during WWII, not European Jews
RemindMe! 3 Months
How would puts print? This is not march when shutdowns presented uncertainty. We've done this before. If any it forces another round of stimulus.
Not just that but they also give them Chlamydia by doing so, koalas are all mostly riddled with it passing it down the family tree forever.
Just don’t marry her
[deleted]
Because lockdowns
I’m not sure how that statue is relevant. They would be forced to pay taxes, abide by regulations and wave that flag that your lovely Wikipedia source refers to. I understand why they don’t, but it would help them financially now if they switched from whatever 3rd world country they are “ported” in now.
What are you some kind of space orbit pro ? I'm gonna make a new name for you, I'll call you kinds of people rocket scientists.
Bought in 11 march and hold it bitches.

Why? Becouse STONKS!!🐂🐂🐂
im retarted and picked both I guess im selling though cause I picked sell first LOL
I converted my whole account into 60c 11/20 because faggotry.
What’s your margin interest rate for long positions?
Do you guys think Newsom is gonna lock CA down again?
If you’re not getting PLTR shares hand over fist idk what to tell ya
[deleted]
Scared money don’t make no money!
Logans run
I had no idea koalas were actually bears! This is why I come to this sub.
All of them. Just get all of them
Whatever your thinking..... it’s priced in
NIO bear r fuk this week 

11/20 50c
More people need to have this mindset
I’d find a new meme stock
Apple innovates though. That's why tech companies are valued so highly. They're the companies that are researching the thing that will be the next trillion dollar business. I think Apple will move into the small GPU market in the next 5 years and take over the personal computing market.
They will be now that there are new lockdowns coming
Bro have you seen a human let alone a group of them
Sadly that's fairly realistic.
[removed]
They’re
>!sellll!< >!hold!<

Let fate decided. Only pick one
Only if you make it worth my while
why are people panic buying things again
No I think part of it is also cause I abused viagra/cialis for years. Haven’t done em in a while now but only time will tell
damn bro - this guy needs flair
Jeez, ngl that sounds like a lot of fun. Am happy you are doing better, but wat made you stop? And do you miss it?
This is some real tin foil hat shit.. 

Whos got a metals/Tin YOLO so I can inverse this guy
[deleted]
[removed]
What if this is a new version of Covid (covid-20), and each year this shit gets a little more deadly.
Yea I'm fucking around with NIO hard tho
CUK
1000 to low imo
Someone venmo u/SeductiveScrotum tree fiddy for a happy meal
Can I borrow some money pls
You can see it in the screenshot I added. Difference between the investment value and liquidation value is the margin
It is obviously a generalization, one can't make a blanketed statement in absolute. Of course there are brilliant engineers everywhere and plenty stupid ones too. I know some very smart engineers in defense and they are frustrated their projects don't go their way because they don't have the talent/skill, they want. 

PLTR suffers from the clearance requirement issues. It blocks foreigners, anyone who can't get a clearance, high debt holders, pot heads, anyone with a  criminal record, etc. 

PLTR still targets all the slow to adopt industries (defense/government/non ev-automotive, and aerospace).  I suspect this is because it is in their wheel house due to all the restricted coding and documentation from their defense/government origins. 

That is typical of all defense contractors these days. They offer a platform then support to continue to build off of it. If you actually know about these contracts, the government owns the platform and other companies can come in and work on it for them. They are not tied to the specific company. The government owns rights to said source code. This surprised me.
Sell Nio Monday or tues and try to buy back in cheaper? or hold through earnings? help i'm retarted
Its going to explode killing Leonardo DiCaprio, Katy Perry, Justin Bieber?
Bullish!
If the market was logical we wouldnt be sitting at or near all time highs with companies holding insanely high valuations.
The Carnival Corp FTSE exposure (CUK) is pretty funny.
There’s 20 open ICU beds in the entire state of North Dakota and a nurse said El Paso is worse than NYC was when it first started. In El Paso they requested to get mobile morgues cause they can’t store anymore dead bodies in the hospital morgues.
“Once again a broke college student” you always were, you were green for maybe a couple days🤣. That being said, keep your head up dawg. Always more money to be made, it’s just 5k
Bullish. With that unwinding done, maybe they’ll go back up
Not if everyone starts making their own fake meat
Thanks for the lesson on FOMO dumbdick. I was just using the same terminology to show you that I was pissed I sold (I actually got called out of calls so I had to follow my trading rules. You wouldn’t understand). 

This sub is about bad gambling and terrible losses. Just trying to help some people avoid those. My bad.
[deleted]
So SPCE is an overpriced bagel without cream cheese is what you’re saying
I work at a hospital, during march-october we had maybe 10-20% of our covid wing full.

It is now 100% full and so are neighboring hospitals, Pittsburgh area.  We have went to strict lockdown, no non essential workers are allowed to go to other parts of the hospital and IT projects are on hold, this didnt happen in March.

I feel like this time is different.
85% yoy gains? Fuck I try and make 85% gains in a few hours to days
Think is why I like to invest in DKNG. Because I have the maturity of a 9 Yr old 🤡
I assume most people here are slow and have the clap.
I’m well aware of the irony
Might start buying CRON this week 🤔
Oh yeah, I got in on that too, PLTR Call $17 1/15/21, PLTR Put $14 1/15/21, was just thinking that maybe I should have pushed out past inauguration day, but I'd guess one of those should print.
And I thought 45.5 11/20 was retarded enough.
Yeah for sure I don’t want it to fall but if it does I’m dropping a few K
You’re wild.
I lost a great deal in opportunity cost on Nio as well. Kinda unbelievable. I sold shares at $18.00 and considered buying 1/21/20 $25c calls at the time. at...the...time...FUCK
Has too feel like a punch in the gut every time you remember it.
Haha Im actually pretty liberal. Especially when it comes to socio-politics. I was just trollin man.
I only drink when I'm thirsty which is seems to be only when I drive
It means the strategy is more localized and will not to halt the whole economy. This is huge
[https://www.reddit.com/r/cripplingalcoholism/](https://www.reddit.com/r/cripplingalcoholism/)
ngmi
Secrets? These are actual things that happened. News has an effect on the market. These are all very good indicators of the stock going up.
That means youre buying without any idea why lol.
Already is, where have you been? SMH you even typed this into a big tech platform
why are they on the way up?
Come over here baby I’ll show you just how real I can be 💦
I was looking at them I really don't know whether to get into them, NIO, or LI
[deleted]
fuker needs to pump these puppies back up
For Pennies? Right
Did you know the most obvious symptoms of autism are the inability to detect sarcasm while lacking the ability to extract cues from conversation to denote humor?
What are the funniest tickers? Are there any COCK or PUSS or anything?
Did 4 shots at work lmao. I do blow in the bathroom almost weekly. Sometimes in my desk
[NIO bears trying to put in sell orders on RH when they see NIO green pre-market](https://youtu.be/3-_OIDRL91c)
Comments on wsb said it. Duhhh
[removed]
You sure they aren't already?
How far ITM or OTM? What expirys? How do you know when a wave begins?
He most likely used the Internet.
states are already doing it themselves so not sure how important that is
Oh so this is what my life would have been like if I had never sold
I see you diversified between strikes and dates, good job... retard.
Meanwhile, you've yet to even articulate a thought beyond disagreement.
Xpev
wait why?

&#x200B;

also glad to see you're alive
Same.. until Covid restrictions were just announced 😂
LMAO
Who the fuck is we
Good times
Agreed except he hasn't gone yet. Look out for a last Fuck you from him
I understand what you are saying.  But I agree and disagree.  To a lot of people, it’s more than just some random Redditor.  People make decisions based off what these media outlets post because of their belief of credibility. It’s not false information they are spreading (usually).  Some of these posts move stock prices.  Yes you can look up largest pension fund investment on SEC.  But when a big name like Barron’s writes an article on it, it means more to people in my opinion.
Big Tech will be our overlords within 30 years
EV's are the future. It's a very simple thing.
apple should make an android phones with iMessage, retards
[deleted]
Lightweight skrrrrrt
> Masayoshi Son's Softbank Group reported Sept. end total portfolio value of $12.92B sharply down from $17.52B at the end of the June quarter

> Notable exits include Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG), Adobe (NASDAQ:ADBE), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA)

Wasn’t this dude the Nasdaq whale
LOCKDOWN bull burgers back on the menu
I have some $400 mid december expiry SPY calls that I've been holding. Should've sold when there was a surge in September, but I held. I have a good feeling about there being another surge since election worries are out of the window. I think people with bands were holding, and now they have the market confidence so things will go back up. SPY $400 mid december is only $0.15 and I think it will get to around $0.45 at least.
[deleted]
sorry but you could see how your comment could be taken as one of those types. I appreciate your sense of humor about it- glad you were able to enjoy it. Clearly you are NOT the type I described
Remember when the libs thought it was racist to ban flights from China in February?
The app is trash
gov inslee says we're all gonna die. thanks. have a great day
Fck Tesla
You could always try TDA. I got level 3 within a few weeks of going through the applications for upgrades.
Plntr not even a ticker. Like saying TLSA or APPL. Both are wrong. 
But yes, bears with feast! If only they buy puts on correct ticker...
[removed]
Sorry PLTR
this is retarded.
Uh... exactly. We have the same definition of a yolo. I just said the same thing that holding a position entirely of shares is not a yolo. It’s playing chicken with a train moving 1mph.
They revenues are as much as their loses how are they even in business? What they are doing buying their own products?
man i shouldve gotten more pton calls at close
[for real](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
I have 85c 12/18!
Mite want to get a checkup. At least the Doc can give you Viagra
Is Beyond meat really worth investing in now?..
Gg whoever I just played ARAM with
Just another day at the gay factory
I opened on etrade but I'm only elegible for tier 2. How much money do I need to apply for margin?
[deleted]
DoorDash is the most well run of all of the gig companies. Mortgage your left nut for the IPO.
What’s that app?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Cide_Hamete the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If you ain't no bitch

Don't forget to post gains
[deleted]
How is the one member online 3 times?
RIP my dawg until next time
Another 3 hours to go for our life to be meaningful.
Shortages of food? So calls on BYND meat?
If it’s Robinhood your fucked
Lol i must have pitched 20 names before it, Boeing just had the brand recognition to make him go in. After that i bought a ton of BA lmao, boomers are going to buy it up so hard
Case numbers are growing because testing is growing. These are people testing without symptoms who want to jerk off at home for two weeks. 

Even though the cases are rising above the first wave the amount of hospitalizations and deaths are lower since hospitals are better equipped and have more knowledge on how to deal with it. 

There will be no national shutdowns on the scale of the initial crisis. State by state sure. Depends on how big a pussy your governor is. 

The markets will not react with the same level of panic even if there is a national shutdown.
RIP
Your have about a 1% chance of them helping you. 

Just open an account at TD Ameritrade, Schwab or etrade and start over

Edit. And opening a anew account at the same broker won’t work
it does matter i was a server/ bartender for a few years. Did coke all shift and drank on the job. Everyone knew what i was doing managers caught me and fired me from a few different jobs. Cheated on my ex gf while drunk with a hostess at work. Got chlamydia from her thne gave it to my gf. Then got fired a week after that for giving a fdrink to  20 year old hostess who i was trying to fuck. 2 years later my life is lonely but its getting better. i just think it all had to do with drinking on the job.
[deleted]
After how much LSD I’ve taken in my lifetime, I sometimes wonder if I’m real too.
Hope everyone likes rations....socialism is pretty cool. We get to be told how to live which is what we want because who wants to think for themselves anymore. I mean if you don’t take personal responsibility for your health then its totally the governments responsibility to make sure to take care of your health. What could possibly go wrong with a government controlled health care system
I *ALSO* heard this on PragerU. Hmmmm maybe I should start my life over and go to trade school to be come a plumbing apprentice or something

&#x200B;

edit: /s
Sir this is a casino
I was typing in using $XXXX then mod send a chat. Lol
Can’t compare different weight classes. It’s a whale vs a bunch of tiny spa fish
Is NKLA a definition of a Pump and Dump?
Yup. Gonna be a red week in the real-world and in retard-land.
Spy calls & iwm puts way to go? Bullish but when we get Covid fears shit, want to be hedged
Wtf is PLNTR? Too confusing, calls on PLNT
With each new reply, a clearer and clearer picture of your education level
call positions?
Anti-maskers holding puts. Prepare to drill.
Nah man half the folks at Wendy’s are fucked up, that’s why it takes so damn long to get your chickie salad
Roper will not go down on this news.
" what is...what an incel would say for 200, alex"
Will do.
Positions?
Yall curse everything.
You think Apple's been working on laptop/iphone gpus? Would the stock surge if something like that were to come out? Imagine being able to wirelessly stream a virtual box connection from your iPhone and then kids will be able to PC game from there. I think a lot of kids would start getting iPhones at an early age especially if Apple were to get back into gaming and offer exclusives.
It's true
lol pussy ass drunk off 4 shots
you and i have very different definition of yolo. yolos here use to be in the 5 figures that expire next day. thats a true definition of a yolo. not holding some fucking stock for dividend payoff with minimal risk
Idk about you guys but I feel like my mental health has improved since mango got the boot.  Less political bs in general is a good thing.
I don’t even drink lol. And it was just a joke. Chill.  However, your response was very entertaining.
TIL momma koalas shit in their children’s mouths
You should pin a link back to wallstreetbets
Do these 400k projected corona deaths create America’s largest wealth transfer in US history to date?
I dont just mean us, but we a gauge of retail sentiment. And retail is deep in this sucker
Why
Motley Fool guy just recommended them, for whatever that’s worth.
Yeah but when that shit catches up to you, you’re going to likely have lost a lot of shit that’s important to you and have to claw your way back up. At some point you get too old/tired to keep clawing just to fall back into the same shit.

Just something to keep in the back of your head. I know anyone drinking at work rn probably isn’t going to be open to that type of talk anyway, but it was reading things like this that helped me step back from flushing my life down a toilet when I was ready. 

I still drink socially and certainly fuck up at times, but dear god I have stability now and money in my bank account at a minimum without daily hangovers and insane anxiety.
That's funny, I had no idea. Wonder what they did to get banned.
We get it, you're an alcoholic cool.
I said we were going to have a crash late last year because I saw sanders winning the election. We did have a crash so 🤷‍♀️
hold the line
I'm poor and just holding 100 shares
Now you’re speaking my changuage.
I'm pumped, bought 100 shares last week
I sold 77 at $49, some of which I bought in at $3. Kicking myself for not buying a bunch
Girls arent real, theyre fake advertisements by condom factories to sell more condoms.
[deleted]
What?
Power bottom
Hmm that's a cool idea actually. That way they never expire worthless and you'll always have something even if it goes down. Unless they're 0dte I guess.
Will do
Lockdowns = bullish. Why? Because it makes no sense, that's why.
No not even close
Damn picked red
>edit: already down 50K 🍼  
>  
>(FUN) da-mentals  
>  
>edit: if i drop 50%, throwing another 250k at it for good measure

For a revenge trade. This guy hates
Inverse correlation with my portfolio were the words I was looking for. Well said
*I ONLY DRINK MOTOR OIL IPA's YOU'RE A PUSSY FOR LIKING SOMETHING OTHER THAN WHAT I LIKE. I HAVE LOTS TO SAY ABOUT WHISKEY AND WHAT MAKES A MAN A MANNNNN. I'M BASICALLY THAT PARKS AND REC GUY AND LEONIDAS COMBINED. YOU ARE A PUSSY I AM MANLY. SOMETHING ABOUT SOY. I HAVE A WEIRD OBSESSION WITH CUCKOLDING AND AM INCREDIBLY SELF CONSCIOUS AND PROJECT MY FEARS ONTO OTHERS> ARHGGHGHHH*
What do you have?
Are we gonna print?
I hope so but why?
Trump has clearly changed tact.  His senior aides must have convinced him he has lost and he accepted it.  Now he is going to focus on avenging the loss in 2024 by just pushing lawsuit and conspiracy talk far enough to not require him to produce real proof.  Time will conveniently run out before he can prove it openly.  Then he will spend 4 years about how he was cheated to try and win in 2024.  Nothing else will happen and the clock will run out on 2020.
✅ 2 year high

✅ 2.5x avg volume on the pump

✅ cup and handle
Im worried with all the nio bulls.
Perhaps you shouldn't drink and drive and your car insurance wouldn't be over $600 a month.
Smirnoff ..4 shots. Innside me. At werk
Shit is gonna be insane
Creepto seems to be positively correlated with stocks. 

Not a great weekend for fakebuxx digital currency. 

TLDR: Dog Dick Red Futures.
There is usually a drop first though. Tesla dropped almost 40% before returning to 20% below ATH. And tesla has the potential to dominate far more than nio. They have energy in all of its forms, the self driving and ride sharing markets amongst other things. 

Tesla also ran up much less than nio, and nio has had many massive stock offerings, idk how much the market cap has increased this year but its more than the 35x stock price.

Nio may not lose meme status till it goes flat, but if it starts the process now, its probably got a long ways yet to fall.

That said, idk if it will. I hope it resumes course but im far too scared to put serious money into this right now
Yes, and it's not in the eco.
our Baba Beijing Biden
The fuck, hold
It will start the run up to 18k this week.
Ya'll so funny.  NIO up 1200% in a month is natural but down 10% in a day is manipulation.
Great day for it!
Watch some football
Yeah, they’re the Starbucks of China. Can’t possibly go tits up. YOLO!
physical education?
NVDA is trying to purchase ARM
Shitcoin failed to break and hold 16,000 again.
I burnt my hands in few other spac’s before like Hylion, don’t want to do the same mistake again
Pls
I can’t believe she’s got #99 tatted near her crotch that’s some next level daddy issues
Don't forget about the hookers.......taking a shit on his chest.
Get into good cardio health

stop jerking off 100%, super important 

Don’t view porn

Eat as much vegan /veggie as you can

Lower your stress level and get 7.5+ hours sleep
Trump did not concede lol Biden won’t commit to anything and states ARE discussing lockdowns oh boy my calls are fucked
Bruh they should rename one of them
Yup!
Meanwhile all cause mortality goes down... checks out.
Not sure how GM EV recall would boost then by how much
It's only a loss if you sell!
Yeah I fucked 3
Colombian woman there last month
If election were closer then yes but the juice isn’t worth the squeeze for the right.
Let me live nan. Ur a hater damn
>!🟩!< >!🟥!<

Pick a box, that’s the color of NIO EOW. Act accordingly
We talkin’ Biden or Pence?
It ain’t at 130 a share anymore I’ll tell you that, that’s almost 300-500 billion of its market cap
i think its because people (myself included) are very ungrateful sometimes. we have no perspective of how shitty the world used to be.
SOLO SOLO SOLO !
Exactly, their inverse correlation with my portfolio last week reinforced that. Fuck china. Entered my first short position on a company, versus buying calls elsewhere, because of that. But this movement is too much. 

CCP self driving cars will never be allowed on US highways. It's priced as if they have a chunk of the US EV market share, and making tons of money.
Yeah they’re covered. I might consider writing CSP on a really red day
narrator: these were his life savings
The Wuhan virus.
So you’re betting on the management team that was fine with Milton lying his ass off?

Nikola has no unique tech, a negative reputation, and a bunch of employees burning capital.

Hell even their name is a rip-off of Tesla. Anybody doing due-diligence should have seen right through it.
3rd time u posted this. ur so cool bro 4 shots at work and drunk...off 4 shots
Sooooo you’re saying buy calls..or...
Tito's
1 share of Nio, don't break the bank big boy
We voted his ass out, what more do you want. It's too late to repair the damage he caused, the best way of fighting this thing was to contain it early
!RemindMe 3 days
What are you arguing exactly? Even if the other party was happy to give you the money to hedge their position, that doesn't make it any less true that your gain was money they lost. 

In fact, here's a nice quote for you, jackass:  "Options and futures trading is the closest practical example to a zero-sum game scenario"
JD gonna kill it! Gyna trade deal today, crazy singles day numbers (stole about 8% of BABA market share on that...no those numbers aren't included in Q3) JD Health IPO coming soon. I'm guessing close to 120 by the end of the week after the upgrades and new price targets. 

Holding 100c 11/20 and 130c 1/15/21 over the weekend. 🚀🚀🚀
Can't wait for President Cornpop
Didnt know some ticker got banned lol

This one for example [something](https://twitter.com/morgxnthicke/status/1323314180347162624?s=21)
Biden won’t commit to national lockdown, Trump kinda conceded and so far no major state lockdowns some restrictions.
Yeah youre probably right
Just be careful. And do stocks that have weeklies, if you sell a CSP and the stocks tanks, you really can’t roll out that much for credit if it’s a monthly. Weeklies have more opportunity to roll as opposed to a monthly where ur collateral is tied up for a long time. Had a shit experience with HYLN.
That’s dumb because I have been subscribed to ArK trade notifications. They were buying lot of Doyu for past month, they saw it not moving up, from past few days they are keep selling it. They bought lot of Fastly when it dipped from 130 to 90, now it is around 75, it even dropped to 65$. I work in the same space as Fastly, I don’t think they are any special. Fastly initial sales increased because of Tik Tok. Fastly have many competitors such as Cloudfalre , Akamai, Imperva etc. Ark was dumb in buying the dip there. ARK also bought Alibaba when it dipped from 320 to 290 without actually understanding the political situation in China. Jack Ma is now an enemy to Winnie the Pooh, he will make sure Alibaba won’t get the recognition it deserves. The conclusion is don’t blindly trust anyone. Do your due deligence
If it is robinhood? I thought they never respond
Blackberry?
Lord forgive me but bring on those lockdowns and start finishing off more of these boomers with the boomer remover of covid my portfolio needs it $chwy $atvi $ostk 😫😫
Except for most of the market is still 50-60% down from its highs, some stock are even close to March levels
I learned the hard way on Blackberry that cash on hand doesn’t create a floor price.  Especially when that cash is unlikely to be returned to shareholders and used on R&D that goes nowhere.
Waiting for futures on day of is the worst. I can handle Friday and Saturday but man Sunday is a bitch dressed up all nice
Love to hear it thanks man
🤯
It doesn't matter bro think Bout it. We all die
It’s nice
it will pop, just so everyone can get out!
Go to investing > options settings > turn on trade on expiration. There for me at least
Puts on your employment
I certainly hope so
That shit will be down 85% at open amigo
Im not confident at all
Jesus does hang with whores. Good idea.
Funny how that works
There is a point where you can’t rotate much anymore without overvaluing the stocks you’re rotating into....
How?
Has rotation trade really hurt Apple?
Which would be far too late
Finviz
I'm holding some NET 75c 11/20 so I say hold lol
FTCH is one of the nicest websites to shop on. Customer service and returns are great. Solid company.
Also too many people that don’t know when to use to, too, and two
Your comment has cured my ED ty
Iropropyl takes like smirnoff
I agree with this assessment, might buy in to ride the wave for a bit
Florida as a whole seems like a nice scenic place to live. It's warm bright and like a year around vacation.
Tesla is gonna fuckin slay tomorrow
Tranny porn
John McAffe is a fucking legend. His life is like the Wolf of Wall Street but with meth and bath salts instead of coke and quaaludes
[deleted]
Not a good habit to get in friend. The road only leads to worse places, it’s just a matter of when you’ll arrive there and not if.
If you call them usually they’ll remove it for the first time
Haha okay
Wasn't there some NY multi-state meeting being announced today?
FOMO only refers to entering a trade genius. You exited for pennies and now regret it in hindsight. that’s fine. This sub isn’t about that life though
Between stocks and options im about 50K deep myself.
If Dems win senate, stimulus. But we won’t see that until Jan-Feb.
I agree, but this is the year of 2020. If you told me in 2019 that we’d have massive riots and looting, a pandemic, murder hornets and people hording toilet paper, I would have thought you were crazy. Faithless electors, eh, wouldn’t be surprised at this point.
Where
[deleted]
Yes maam
Never tell me the odds. I just did a 20 mile ATX bike ride yesterday.
I worked there in college. Was nice
Call trump.. he has a lot of free time now
290k Americans killed in WW2. Projected dead by COVID by March. 440K . Make American something something
Listen, If the rotation trade is hurting the likes of Apple, peloton, zoom, beyond meat and all of the other boomer safety zones,

What do you think it’s going to do to Nio? 
Not trying to be a dick, just want my American broskies to get out before the Chinese pump and dump
[removed]
Invest... don't bet
Ban
Nah. I sold TSLA way too early. If you truly believe in the company, don't time it. Just keep holding
My boss is a plumber. He asked me to show him how to trade options the other day. The top is in yall.
Mark this post
Finviz squad
So excited to see what NIO does this week
Yea it actually mafe me take this seriously knowing OP has a possibility to lose more than they put in
Lmaoooo ok what do I drink
You work on Sunday?
So this was not priced in? Interesting
Yup
Lol those people downvoting you. Sensative
Rehab is for autistics like me who lose big bad, but gotta lose the 16.99 left in bank.
Lesbaru LMAO
Bolton is a douche that completely deserves to shoulder some of Trump's ire just because.
Pre-COVID level SP was $30ish not $38! 
We understand that it fell from $30 due to COVID induced panic sell but why it kept falling from it's January 2018 price of $58 while other insurance stocks such as state farm, metlife, allstate, progressive, travelers, national general, Anthem, United Healthcare are doing so well?
[for real](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
Can I get some confirmation bias on FTCH
Apparently OP is retarded enough to reward autism.

    slowjerk.GIF

Are we wearing blindfolds tonight, lads?
i have it too. you have to be prompted/invited to use it and allow the setting to be turned on. I agree though that it makes it worthless since you cant trade the last hour and fifteen min. It's been available for 2 weeks and since then all the swings and movements have been in the last hour so you essentially get fucked and if you're right, they'll force sell your position at 2:55pm when they do end of day sweeps on options "at risk"
Lockdowns to come, same thing happened in March. Our governor is too big of a pussy to do it all at once
Depends on the option, if it’s a weekly and you held over the weekend but the price stayed the same I’d say like 10-20%
I believe it will touch into the 20s if hype continues before crashing back to around $12-$14 when the lockup expires.
I have puts ready for Monday and Tuesday. See you then. LI and XPEV will follow.
How much margin u using?

I have to say i wasnt rly fucking w this play until i found this out
Should I hold my NIO shared this week or sell at a loss
Yeah they aren’t restricting movement but it’s pretty heavy restriction. Movie theaters, gyms, museums all closed completely. That’s as close of the original lockdowns that has been announced so far.
lol at “men” and “seltzers”
not a bad time to go play a round of golf either.
You are perfect teacher on YouTube !
Cool, then I see PSTH announcing a target at any moment
Which app is this?
Publix seems like a fun place to shop.
Guys, I‘ve been holding NET since april with a cost basis of 21.40, Cloudflare was very long lagging behind with a P/S of about 28-30 while its peers were at 45-50 (CRWD, ZS, DDOG, FSLY), now the table has turned and NET is valued the most expensive at 50 P/S while others are at 38-45 P/S level.

I don‘t know what I should do, I‘m a big believer in this company however I dont get why they are valued this rich. I‘ve planned to stay in for atleast 5 years, but don‘t know if i should lower my stake as it grew this quick. Is there anyway to justify their enourmous valuation?
[deleted]
Still can't get over the fact that Mcafee actually IPOed this year.
Dustin Johnson is doing so much blow out of Paulina's ass tonight.

Fuckin' love seeing him get a jacket.
Nio NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO NIO nionioo NIO
Dems prevented breaks to cruise industry last stim package. Repubs have aid on the agenda bc of their constituents and bc cruise industry got hit so hard. Good lobbyists get shit done. Could just be talk of loans or tax-based aid. Either way it will affect the market during negotiations.
Add all the losses and gainz from this year and put it up. It would be nice to see how many milions were burned in the stock market.
If you're losing on stocks you should probably reconsider your approach tbh
[deleted]
paulina Gretzky looking tiiiiight.
Yeah if you’re on ssri’s get the blue pill or get off of them if you can. Had an ex that had that problem. Going off the meds was not the answer for him though, and certainly not cold turkey. 🤦🏼‍♀️
So you buy a life insurance company during a pandemic that lets hundred thousands of people die and even the ones who recover are left with lasting damages that could impact their ability to work? Awesome idea 🚀🚀🚀
This agreement has essentially no bearing on NIO business for years until they begin export in reasonable numbers to APAC countries.

Similar for JD which doesn't do business in other APAC countries yet (though some of it's investments do)

The biggest Chinese stocks to be materially impacted by this change are BABA which owns many of the market places in other countries and does much import/export with other APAC members, TCEHY which operates it's gaming properties in multiple APAC countries and tons of non-tech/non-growth stocks.

For a non-chinese name that should get a big boost is SE which owns Shopee and other platforms.
Without a doubt. If this was a large amount for this guy, he'd have at least stopped touching anything by the halfway point
Feel like tomorrow is going to be a repeat of last Monday. Pump bigly overnight because Biden officially won AZ and GA over the weekend, then tech crashes before open because Moderna releases positive vaccine news
Long MRAPs
I heard all the plumbers are pooling their mass amounts of savings together to create a hedge fund actually
I work in Astoria and was out on ditmars last night and you would never know there was a pandemic
Rehab is for quitters
Was it rly on margin ???? That gives me hope ahain for this sub
What is closed block?
[for real](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
So how much are you up rn still
7.5c 11/20
SSRIs plus Adderall is fairly common. You’ll find a lot of bros here who are down on SSRIs, but I’ve been on them over a decade and they’ve saved my life, so I’m a fan. Adderall, though, really wasn’t for me. Too many side effects, and it made me hyper-fixate on things to the point I’d forget to eat and sleep. It works wonders for some, but you’ve got to approach with caution. 

Ultimately, everyone’s brain chemistry is different, and you’re not going to know what any drug combo will do until you try it. Pay attention to how you’re feeling, keep communicating with your doctor, and trust your gut if something doesn’t seem right.
All those trades are becoming the new upper class white-collar while your average degree expires worthless and you become a member of the peasantry.
Yes this.
Yea there rational moves not lockdowns that market feared we are gonna moon this week
Did i mention in drunk at work. 4 shots baby
Any Florida men in here publix has bogo 12 packs of bud seltzers and that Christmas pack is mean as fuck
It means Ameirca is shitty too bro
That’s less bullish than you think, that would mean no stimulus
Too late for lockdown now bois. Ye made the bed now ye sleep in it.
Makes sense, safest way to make it back. You sure you belong here?
I don’t think we’re looking at the same chart and user. His post history shows he didn’t have a goal in mind. He didn’t do anything. He put his bank account into options. Was up 600k, didn’t pull a single dollar, and lost money, every day, for a year until he had 0 dollars left in his account. You’re really trying to tell me that is a goal...
States are the ones imposing the lockdowns
You deserve it for being a gay bear on a stock with a 40 price floor.
I spent a few % of my money in IPOB and IPOC shares purely coz Chamath can sell a stonk. Hes been going PR crazy post covid, he’s building up a brand these stonks r gonna sell themselves and attract high multiples. Other than that I dont even know what IPOC acwuired or if it even has a target who cares. Barely know what opendoor is
what website is this?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/madocsherbrook the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
^ he’s right, but it will still probably fly from hype before tanking next yr
It’s like Tesla but it’s not Tesla
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/madocsherbrook the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
nice
He looks like bezos with hair.
Now do one for monday 9th November.
*slow clap*
So lockdowns and no stimulus.. mhmh.. my HYG puts will print badly.. time to book a hooker
[deleted]
Nah weekend has been pretty bullish
It might feel that way, but this hasn’t happened before; The death rate of new cases is above 5%, this is quite literally the worst the virus has been at, while the market closed 2 days ago at an all time high. Futures open in a few hours, that will be the test of my thesis, I strongly suspect deep red due to virus and lockdown fears.
No source, but I opened up RH and it asked if I wanted to enable it
I have an order for 10 17c .50 strike for 11/20.   Think that will fill at open with the after hours movement?
[deleted]
*sigh*
You know that you are a grown men when u read muricans news for entertainment instead of Netflix.
I heard plumbers are getting into the stock market cause they're making so much they need to invest all their cash. Is it true?
Gme is not for long term. Everyone is in for the short squeeze.
i think so too. The chipotle style franchises are actually nothing like the cart. Good for those dudes for becoming super rich off dank food though. nice story
I WAS LARPING I'M A HARD DICK CHAD MY SHIT IS NEVER FLACCID
>$700k Boomer YOLO - DD inside

Selling covered calls? I want to but also don't need the risk of getting assigned. 

Writing puts it is.
anyone here use FuboTV? is it any good?

looks like it has competition, but they said that about zoom too.
Gov. Whitmer is expected to announce Michigan restrictions for this next wave of COVID including but not limited to:

- Must WFH unless impossible to do so.
- High Schools must be remote learning
- No Dine-In at restaurants/bars
- Indoor construction projects will be limited to number of workers

Probably not going to impact anything in terms of moves to make, but worth noting that we should expect other states to do similar things.
Weirdo
Don't forget spce launch this week
11/27 $22.5 calls right here buddy, im gonna snag some 23 or 23.5 monday morning. these bitches cheap!
Mondays are for the bulls 🇺🇸
I lost all my money on stocks. Wanna go for a safer route and just do same day options
Buy cause ark lady did
[deleted]
[removed]
not enough, also have to bleach it
explain NET, CRWD and ZS trading at over 45x revenue
I'm gonna invest in weekly Roblox OTM calls just to fund my daughter's habit that is bankrupting her college fund. It could moon and I still won't break even.
thats some beautiful camera work on that second to last putt for dustin. perfectly timed zoom.
My biggest surprise since election so far has been how Trump has disappeared, I thought he will start doing rallies, sign executive orders to curtail trade with China and other things and calling for mass riots.
SPCE to 30 would be amazing
All LOGIC points to red Monday, which makes me very scared.
I’m confused by your comment- not sure how this relates. And for the record, I don’t want anyone to die.
Jesus you’re slow. I’m saying that I have FOMO about not selling at $15. However, I don’t chase trades. The valuation is crazy. It can get crazier in the short term as stocks trade on emotion and not logic in the short term. I may gamble with options knowing it’s a toss up but I can’t buy shares at this price.
I bought starbucks for $50 that week.    Holding forever.
Why wouldn’t cruises become U.S. ported companies? I wouldn’t be surprised if the feds made a deal with RCL, CCL and NCLH to port in the U.S. so they can receive future tax money in exchange for a bailout. Both parties win
[deleted]
It’s Herbalife for me
[deleted]
smirnoff ice? what the fuck? we drink grey goose here son
The December 9 dollar strike 
Sold 4 at a loss left 1 to make it all back
Puts should theoretically print tmmrw right ? Which means they won’t.
\>not drinking Russian standard
Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice...
Get off the SSRIs, stop looking at porn. NNN is a great time to let the skeever rest.
[removed]
Anyone watching birdcoin
Sir i am highly offended here’s an upvote
Spce
Think about it, these companies have til the sun expands to much to keep growing, why would uou buy a fuckkng put?
Our dog is so spoiled. Won’t eat his Kibbles cause he likes human food. Waits until he’s begged as much out of me and wife as possible. Then MAYBE eats Kibbles.   


Vet says he should weigh 8kg but he’s 13kg. He’s on a diet now but the look in his eyes is killing me.....
Shit tastes like isopropyl
smirnon is where it’s at
You need to be a big boi and trade under Isda
Dude..
Looks like it only took 6 months. 

There was enough red this year to be gay and still profit.
🧣🦐🦞⛑🦀🎒🐙👠💋👹👺
This hurts my soul.
Because it is a hype stock.

Competition: Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
64 shots to get you through the day
Calls
Go masturbate in the bathroom before its gone!!
If you want to play it do a butterfly or put credit spread if bullish
Smirnoff? Gross dude...

I remember when I was in college
#DIVIDENTS
Lmfaoooo. Bro I'm zooted
flawless double D’s 😉
Dude, he had a goal in mind, it just did not work out. Why would he want to lose money unless he’s a multi-billionaire doing it for fun?
Puts it is
Thanks for your contribution to the economy by wealth redistribution.  A true patriot!
Yeah but he admitted Biden won right before he said that so that's the headline media is running with and everyone takes it as a positive.
Find Jesus you degenerate.
Yeup
Really hoping JD follows PDD and not BABA
Really?
Come to jackson height. It stinks a lot but fuk tons of peoples in the street.
Sorry I was referring more to resteraunts cause who else would be taking shots at work on a Sunday but apparently this guy does too lol
Thats what thought. Totally not a big deal then /s
I used to deliver furniture and on the days i wasn’t driving I’d be near blasted by about noon and hope to sober up by the time I got off at 6
Yeah - I recommend buying the stock and/or selling puts to acquire the shares. One of the main draws is the dividend - you are paid to wait for the capital gains.
Can’t go (.)(.) ^
Impossible for PLTR to get to 500 unless they do reverse split. 

&#x200B;

Competition: Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
Dude 4 shots of Smirnoff at work. Too bad it's gonna last like 30 min
Yea markets are gonna flat line around these levels in fact all this might have taken away attention from proposed tax hike that Biden is planning. Once things get back to normal that will cause market sell off imo.
It works, nice, I might throw 5k into my boomer account, just for random reddit dd
[deleted]
SOLO call and put holders. What strikes/expiry are you holding and are you confident about them?
[removed]
Everyone thinks it's going to be red so it'll be green most likely. Thanks!
rising hospitalization means it will be capped out and eventually fatality rate will be surging due to lack of medical support.
It feels like tesla on the way up... except its run in a trashy company with no rules or regulations where companies have a long history of fraud and it is essentially baked into their culture.

I missed tesla though, this company really has massive market opportunity, its just in meme mode where nothing really matters but popular opinion
FLAT
I’ll take em
if the next 3 months is a repeat of what happened last dec - feb20 then YES. I actually know the playbook!

msft 250c and SPCE 30c
Don’t do that. You’ll get rekt. Sell before ER. NVDA will fall. Let IV stabilize and purchase back in.
Why this got upvotes
How to cure ED
John Bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that I’ve had the “pleasure” to work with. A sullen, dull and quiet guy, he added nothing to National Security except, “Gee, let’s go to war.” Also, illegally released much Classified Information. A real dope!
Works until it doesn't and the drop/surge destroys you
Only if I wasn’t a scaredy cat back then. I could have 10 X my money by now or potentially more😞😔😔
facts 🔥
who the fuck cares bout pe

r/investing is waiting for you sir
Donnie's Twitter has lost it's market moving effect. Dude can straight up declare martial law or civil war and SPY be like "+.3%"
See, you're acting like a tough internet guy showing no proof of his alpha male bro status and desperately trying to rip on others because he keeps losing money. Retard.
Yes bynd$ I made a fortune 🔮
You'd rather root for America to kill more Saudis? Ffs we start wars over unfair elections, if Trump is right (he's not) we should bomb ourselfs.
politics
At least it was 700k on margin so when it crashes he'll be in debt for like 70k minimum.
Here’s my advice do what it what you will,  if Nio pops on Monday, sell it, after earnings it’s going to fall like a brick. It will probably exceed expectations but the rotation trade and it’s crazy valuation are going to pop the bubble
NIO up 20% premarket tomorrow
Oregon
You didn’t trigger me at all.   Just pointing out the media sensationalism.  You didn’t write the article did you?  It actually seems like you’re the one who is triggered.
Bro what are you talking about? Lmao all this shit is priced in
16 upvotes on this guy telling me that going all in on one stock with **shares** is still a yolo. It means r/investing is flooding in here because we’re smarter but they’re trying to force their boomer ideology and pump dividend stocks. This cancer needs to be banned.
How much y'all think DJ's coke PLUG makes?
Not happening. Republican scare tactics, Biden said repeatedly that localized restrictions when cases flair regionally, just like New York
NYC IS DEPRESSING AS FUCK TODAY 

COLD AND NO ONE OUT

FUCK MAN !!! 

where the hoes and whores at !!!

Where are all the milfs who wanna cheat on there husband 

FUCKEN TINDER IS DEAD TODAY !!!!
Nah man

Zucc has AI soulless eyes

Bezos sometimes looks like he has Graves’ disease

Musks are weird and small

Ackman though...he has pretty boy eyes.
I see absolutely nothing has changed with INTC then 😂
Don't give me hope. Are you telling me that my JD play pre earnings will pay out? No way!
Same in the UK and many other countries.
A leader has emerged
SIKE
Not bad enough for SPY sub 300, but definitely not benign enough for SPY 370 plus.
Gotttt ittt sorry i am still bad at sensing sarcasm thru text sometimes.
Positive spin, I like it
what industry isn’t technically a service industry?
I made %400 gains on this day, it was fucking amazing.
Legit website for sure, lmao
don't force it. don't tell yourself that you have to stop completely right now

it's about noticing the emotions you feel right before you're about to hit pornhub

write them down, physically, with a pen and paper

then, notice what you were doing right before the emotions kicked in

write that down

do this several times

this brings your unconscious into the conscious, and raises your self-awareness levels

you'll realize that you're free to make a decision before you start doing what will lead you to go on a porn bender

that's when you can change your actions to do something else instead, and develop new habits

over time, perhaps 2-3 months, depending on how addicted you are, you should be free of it

being free means you can decide when, or if you want to watch porn. it could mean you never watch it again, or it could mean you only watch it once a week for 20 minutes, or whatever

point is, the dependency is gone, and you're in control
TSLA and so many other companies were over-valued as well, and they still are. Tesla for example only sold 368,000 vehicles in 2019 compared to around 5 million sold by Ford or 11 million by Volkswagen. 

It's only going to go up because of future potential and yearly increases in amount sold; their prospects in the Chinese market and future European market; backed by the CCP; their battery swapping station monopoly, etc. etc.
glad I was out on friday so I couldnt sell my calls while they were going down!
Biden said no national lockdowns bulls we moon in 🚀🚀
i hoenstly think its just the fact that for most of america the last few weeks we have had our first real cold snaps and snow storms. this is the typical fall period where people get sick with the season change. my guess is covid is just jumping onto the cold/flu train that rolls through our country every fall and spring when the seasons shift.
Want to invest in IPOB but I’m unable to understand it’s valuation. I don’t understand spac’s even after watching few YouTube videos. IPOB market cap is shown 900 million whereas Opendoor market cap is 4.5 billion. What exactly is the market cap of Ipob? How do I know if I can buy IPOB at the 18$?
Not a lockdown I just made a post it is restriction I am suprised they didn’t even have them in first place.

will be a ban on indoor service at restaurants and bars and significantly reduced capacity at grocery stores and retail shops.
It’s the weekend thread so I will keep my shitposting to a MAXIMUM
Man we could use one of these again
"The bubble may not ever pop, but I think it will" sums up WSB 🌈🐻s perfectly
The day I made my wealth
Wrong, wax your asshole so he doesnt punish you for having butt hole stubble.
Washington DC gonna see covid numbers rise. Remember to wear your mask and use purell when engaging in hand to hand combat folks. 😂
how'd you fact check it?
Definitely out of 1.  So age 70 plus, according to his numbers is a 1/20 chance of death.
reverse iron condor/bufferfly.
Distancing himself from his own presidency
What? Lol
The people at the drive thru are gonna be pissed if you mess up their order
Yaaaas cell phones and home services
Half the time when we think this it stays the same or goes up, so who knows?
[deleted]
Multiply by 100 to get percentage.
Google “Orthodox Jews covid19”. Hope you have a few hours to spare. The whole concept is truly mind blowing and will certainly get you pissed.

Hint: it’s not the protestors
right, no plans, but plenty of ideas for plans
Where do you see this information? Do you have any source
Ummmm not what this sub is about
If you’re confident you could’ve sold at 15, there’s no reason why you sold at 10. See you when you get fomo at 20
Thx! Danm this is sad
Brokerages like robinhood don't allow prolonged day trading (you can do it a few times a week) unless you have 25k in your account. Aside from those reasons, it goes against the wisdom of a lot of the greats, like warren buffett who says the "best time to sell a stock is never", meaning invest in good companies and just let it sit there, as opposed to trying to guess immediate market movement

And to clarify, if you're a billionaire, his method is amazing. But if you're a thousandaire and wanna come up, swing trading / day trading with intelligence and a good chunk of luck is your way, if you're young
If plumbers really make bank, how come they can't afford pants that cover their ass crack
Its another Sketchy politician filling his bags. I dont like either sides, im just significantly more anti dem than a proud republican. I believe this will end at the supreme court. Theres a reason this bet pays 5x so im not surprised if i lose. I know that even if the smallest margin of votes gets thrown out in ga or az i can win one of those. There was a lot of shady stuff on election night im hoping even some can get overturned, but like you said they never do it. I think it sets a scary precedent if they dont atleast turn over ga or az
Lmao I wish bro, maybe someday 😂
$BJ is either going to make or break me this week.
Service industry?
Losing 30% or more in a month straight off a market peak is I believe unprecedented, so perhaps not. Then again, corrections and bear markets have been unfolding at a record pace recently (the February 2018 correction, the late 2018 bear market, and the 2020 bear market), so we just might.
It would probably be decent, good volatility.
So?
The average age of COVID death is older than the average US lifespan??
It will care about lockdowns, and i'm sure that you can speculate what happens with rising cases.
mods get your shit together. we're now getting "DD's" on investing in stocks for their dividend. when did this place turn into /r/investing. ban these fucks
Don't say enron 3 times
Beware of the Chinese market, mate. Here there be monsters.
What was the catalyst?
paper trading account, stfu
This sub has been flooded with NIO-hype for the past couple of days, so I'm buying a put on Monday :)
Washington state pretty much just locked down starting tomorrow lol
What is this comment doing here?
Calls on PLMR

they make 100k
Everyone knows fox news is a psychological operation funded by the Russian government
Concede these nuts!
Thank-you fren! <3
Still a retard
I just 4 shots of Smirnoff at work Lmao
>100,000k
For me, I just can’t invest in Chinese owned companies. It doesn’t feel right to be rooting for them.
What does this even mean?
Thats right,  it's Robinhood fault...
you can offset capital losses of previous years against any amount of capital gains in future years. 3k/year is for regular income deduction. 

can confirm, talked to my accountant.
Trump is a douche but he's alpha as fuck too lol
Yeah it's around $4,000 - so far it's the only good thing to happen in 2020! Thank you and best of luck to you too in your future trades! <3
calls on a jan 21 lockdown
I have a feeling I’m going to get fucked.
During deflation the only thing that goes up is inverse stock or vix(sometimes vix will even drop during deflation). Have you checked out the decay on inverse or leveraged inverse stock? I will wait until I am sure we’ve hit a peak again. I’ve been pretty good about calling out peaks the past 2 times we’ve hit them.
I do it. I’m making bank
My P&L was probably better (made >100%) but the expected value of your play was probably higher
We holding NVDA calls through earnings on Wednesday boys?
So much misinformation here Washington is not locking down they are putting restrictions.

“will be a ban on indoor service at restaurants and bars and significantly reduced capacity at grocery stores and retail shops.”
Yeah I grabbed uvxy too. Not a vxx fan tbh
[removed]
Buyden said no to lockdown
March 23 was not the bottom for many stocks, and in particular I think tech stocks (?) didn't drop much more after March 16. More precisely, after March 16 the downward momentum slowed markedly.
160+ active jobs posted in the past month. I’m in. March 21 “leapers”
Mods pin this so people will take his post seriously.
Is that out of 1? Or a percentage?
They had good earnings last quarter and tanked. I don’t expect it to do well this week. I also sold calls
[deleted]
Running the wheel on a meme stock? Thoughts?
RemindMe! 1 year
Probably not, there's not much uncertainty this time around. If we do dump, I'm buying the dip.
Please don’t start with the plumber shit again lol
Nah, the blue states haven’t got any bail out from the government, they’re all running on deficits. Besides super spreader business are a small part of the economy, they’ve already limited thou, outside dining and take out. Let’s be practical here, they don’t want to ruin their own states economy, plus we’ve learned that a blunt force shutdown isn’t the best solution, it’s better to attack the virus using tactical closures.
Joined theta gang last week on this stock.
That typing random media outlets means just as much as Reddit advice. They are speculation and write both sides each time. So I guess my point is what is the point you are trying to make?
Same, I appreciate drawing my attention to this stock and will do my own DD from here. I wish we had more of these posts. I don't mean boomer stocks, I mean any investment opportunity.
Wtf how did he become a dragon?
Holy shit I just looked it up and the term originated on 4chan like virtually every meme in existence. Fucking crazy that that shit-hole still produces 90% of actual funny things on the internet.
one of two things happens imo. 1. a massive sell off and we have march all over again with a massive spike afterwards when a stimmy and all that gets approved during locksdowns.  basically a clone of the spring. 2. most go red, but not terribly, and stock that benefit from stay at home skyrocket. amazon, zoom, all those guys. 

if you put a gun to my head, id say it'll be a massive sell off tomorrow and it'll be scenario #1.
Hospitals make stupid decisions all the time.
Yeah cruise companies are getting nothing from the US government. Maybe Liberia will pass a stimulus for their companies to help.
Dude fuck you i'm 27 and feel great.. eat shit.
it really does look like a fissured anus from the sat view.
One of the best days of my life. I was quickly reminded on the 23rd that I’m retarded.
go take this stupid post over to r/investing you retard. if a post doesnt involve a potential 8000% gain on far otm expiries, it doesnt belong here
SEC
I know it can hurt a lot when you lose someone you love - but what's important to take away when they're no longer in our lives are the lessons they taught us and try to move forward. I don't doubt for a second there is happiness out there for you friend, you just have to believe you can find it again! Be well, fren! <3
lol please start this again
Excellent move! Congratulations.
Why would use robinhood to trade when you have 400k
this makes me rly sad :(
The sentiment has significantly changed up in here. 

But the premium on these SPXS bags I’ve been holding since pre election has not.
No, they bought it to sell calls to you suckers, which will eventually bring their cost basis to $0.  Then they can short, buy back with more,  rinse and repeat. Why you think they make billions?
Amazing to have witnessed it in real time.
Any man with 2.7 billion has gorgeous fuccing eyes lol
Will market care about Washington shutting down??
Even blue states are not looking down.
holding 3 45c exp 2022. not selling til it hits the magical 100 for i am a true $tard
got some lotto uber puts 35p's for friday
When did u buy?
Did you know my plumber friend makes 100K a year
MAGA AGAIN 

China can suck on deez nuts, ain’t that right brother
Then spike up for a few days to rape put holders, then drill to fuck call holders.
I keep telling people that cases don’t matter at this point and we are not going to get lockdowns.
[removed]
Bruh, WI has 8% of ICU beds open state wide. Heart attack? No ICU bed. Any other accident? No ICU bed. It isn't just about COVID you moron.
You deserve a follow! 👊🏿👊🏿👊🏿👊🏿
You ain't alive until you bet the whole house on a 15 minute end of day yolo... Flip a coin, heads is calls, puts is tails. Let fate decide. You either win and feel the addictive rush of dopamine and serotonin... If you lose, thoughts of sadness, anger, and despair. Its not the money we care about, it's the chemical crackpipe of our own emotional range between glory and defeat.
Just 50$ bro get out now before you lose another 50$
Another retard thinking he's smart by looking at PE ratios. Short the stock bruh, you know more than the market.
It’s in demand.
Priced in
What is the point you are trying to make?
Hey it’s called degenerate trading you get on a roll then just can’t get off the shit tracks.
are there any adblockers that stocktwits doesn't detect?
Yeah I've started buying into the hype that Target is going to be a major player for holiday shopping. Seems to be a candidate to 'randomly' pop like 25%. It's down almost 10% from the highs last month.

I've got 25% of my account in calls for late December so even if it's more of a modest bump there's time and room to run.
[deleted]
How are you feeling about it rn?
Start wearing some rings on your fingers, stop yourself from beating it. There really isn't a fix, other than self control.
Space mining is retarded.


That is all.
True, it doesnt even need stores. Its e-commerce is insane. It was literally the top Google search in the US for half the week. Unreal
I got rich on outs during this time. It was so easy.
What's 0dte?
It’s a gym and COVID wrecked their earnings. The multiple is drove up by people excepting them to go back to normal profits
[deleted]
My cock is a solid 5 inches when hard bro
No national lockdown, but the blue states are going to shut it down while the hill billy red states get a crushing influx of people until their ICUs are no longer functional.

Success? You decide.
Don't post about trying to quit watching porn and your erectile dysfunction, on a gambling reddit, if you don't want people making assumptions you fuckin bitch.
None of lockdowns are really as severe as saw in Mar-Jun you do know schools are even open in other countries.
Because stock went brr
sir, this is a casino
Very true
Fuck all the weak nature is doing the inedible

next time it gonna be something way stronger than Covid 

Humans will need to adapt the hard way
with Li autos earnings being above expected, but still not good, i betting people will think nio will follow a same line. my guess is a mass sell off at open and a drop down to 35-40 by close. hype train has left the building and crashed on friday. repairs arnt looking like they will be ready till 2021-2022.
hahaha dude delete your reddit account you just roved your retarded

Check out how the whales buying 22c on all strike dates. 20k volume
[removed]
Plus lots of deaths have been from people already with 1 or 2 severe/terminal illnesses that were already going to die, attributed to covid ofc.
[deleted]
Just gonna leave this here for the morons who still don't get it....

Official CDC mortality (IFR) estimates for Covid-19:

 0-19 years: 0.00003  
20-49 years: 0.0002  
50-69 years: 0.005  
70+ years: 0.054

The market does not care about cases rising, and it shouldn't. It may care about lockdowns.
It isn't unlikely that this earnings underperforms as it contains no console stuff. Guidance might moon it though. Its probably going to have its best quarter ever in q4.
The guy who calls himself caezar-salad is big mad that I don’t give a fuck about his type 2 diabetes.
I read some random article about how BYD is the only Chinese EV company that makes their own batteries, and that it is both cheap and safe. Is that your take on their competitive advantage as well?
[deleted]
wasn't it like in the 70s that day?
Was thinking very least could sell calls to the tards here
Washington’s lockdown announced today was pretty impactful. Movie theaters, gyms, bowling alleys and such completely closed. No indoor dining and outdoor seating limited to 5 or less.
Leave it to Donnie to be spouting "I concede NOTHING" day before market open
Ye ye now go fuck yourself bitch
yeah what price?
[deleted]
With so many lockdowns around the world I’m bullish on Apple, PTON and Zoom.
Whats green on this map
[for real](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
[deleted]
This is the way
FDs on Uber? I’m in.
$38 would be a return to pre-COVID levels. Their earnings and revenue were barely impacted and they are actually getting a benefit from surging cases due to the impact on their closed block. It would also be the level that returns the dividend yield to the historical level (around 3.5% annual yield range)

I personally don't listen to Wall Street analysts
Ohh damn futures are going to Moon, Biden’s team just announced that they have no plans for a national lockdown. RIP bears, also RIP Nio call holders, competition for cash is going to be the nail in the coffin. The reopening trade is back on!!
If yo u started with 50k, you have like the exact same graph as me lol. I'm hovering around 150 rn as well with nio from 16k to 110k lol. Congrats on the gains!
That’s why you need to be the one selling the stupid out of the money calls :)
No but November. Day at a time. When you wanna go jerk one, do 25 pushups to distract yourself.
wtf is up with weird rules around options, if I’m playing with my cash then wtf is the issue with buying 0dte??? 

I can understand rules around writing, but if I wanna buy some retard moves then why tf can’t I
Can futures open already?? I feel like I’m losing brain cells looking at shitcoin this much
It was the first private company to be worth 1 trillion robucks.
Lil nas x had a performance on it the other day
RKT baby
I’m pretty sure that dude wears make up.
"trading at 50% book value" yeah well, what if book value is actually wrong based on lots of assumptions and mathematical models that don't represent reality? Or is the entire market wrong, as it is occasionally?
Ah shit was that ma boi [Flynt Flossy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xt5ghXdq6Z0)?
I agree, and I am happy lol.
[deleted]
De blasio (NYC Mayor) said that he is not closing schools!
Lets see pics of your body then, odds are you're a fatass.
The pump happened during market hours, just within the first hour. But I think you misread what I said. Im saying Citron had a massive influence on the stock friday
True that
This doesn’t even account for the fact that Ol Boy Boris is pushing up the target to have ev implementation by 2030.
Around 8 billion according to last valuation
Illinois :(
Black on black crime man
Soon... it will happen again.
Was a few weeks ago but they always do a PR on how many copies sold in the first weekend and first week
is that like red dawn and the 🌈🐻 are the soviets
So how we feeling this week boys? Just uber bullish as always?
No he’s merely a court jester if anything
One word, head and shoulders
Lol omg that was the funniest thing that year. And that dude apologized to him.
In Specialty and Retail (AMZN, BABA etc.) there is YJ, some Chinese company that seems largely uncorrelated to the market as a whole and which was simply experiencing a bounce that day before continuing on its slow motion trainwreck trend.

Can't tell what the others are.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stop It, all that potential gains
Airlines moved so much though, like BA. You think they can pump even harder???
NIO crossed 1billion volume during the summer hype
The last one
Somehow it doesn’t surprise me that you don’t have the attention span to read 12 lines of text.
virginia also increased restrictions
I’ve gotten my Pumplosi Pumps, now I’m ready for my Mitch Moons 😌
Wtf you got ed cuz you eat shit food
Danny green gone lol
My bet is NIO soft up-and-down for a few sessions before meteoric rise. Jan 70c once it stabilizes. Might get a shot as low as $38, anything under $45 is a good buy imo.
They are inviting people to go all in in nio so they fucking sell and the price Will drop a lot on tuesday. Mark my words
Fact checked and its legit. It’s gonna hit 70 by Tuesday
Added - let me know if the link doesn't work
Tomorrow should be interesting.  Will NIO diamond-handers get fucked or will their faith be rewarded?
[removed]
Large
Don't make it so easy
Did he shoot you?
[deleted]
Lmao
People seem really bullish about PLTR. Probably hopium but I'm in now so thats that
If we’d let survival of the fittest run its course the way nature intended COVID would be over with herd immunity. Instead we want to babysit and coddle the weak.
Go out, talk to girls, and crush actual pussy
just how big is roblox ?
[deleted]
Nah, this is right. Keep your investing separate from a YOLO account. A lot of people here are going to see their all time chart add up to -30k real quick with 0 in savings.
Buy $X

That’s all it says
Flawless achievement!   You beautiful retard.
Need to vote out that Italian Gypsy Cuckomo
Colorado in the next week is likely.
It's brilliant. Why have I not been doing this all along?!
I get 5-8% on savings, I’m not talking the traditional banks
You sound privileged. You should be happy that you think “protesting is for fags”
imagine going long on an insurance company that sells critical health policies during a pandemic
Competition: Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
Technically it's the shutdowns that damage the economy. If everyone got sick at once in March it would have done the same damage as the lockdowns did.
real shit? 

👁o👁👂🏻
I got news for you it isn't RH's fault
Wrong. You don’t know me so fuck off with your assumptions
First one is free but this is the way
im pretty sure that's the og spot ...
They bought in at lower prices. They bought in because they know they can pump and dump it for double or triple their investment.
the following monday, the 23rd, was that day I learned about IV crush. That day was IV crush from HELL!
Spy 400 when Roblox IPO drops.
Yeah that shit fucks you up. Beginning of the year I was getting serious ED and it was embarrassing. This was even after I had quit porn for a few weeks. Now I'm good and only look at softcore porn if I'm wanking which is only once every week or two.
Source?
But with 20% invested my monthly returns have consistently provided +200% returns per month since July. That’s while the market was skyrocketing and falling.
🙏
Shouldn't porn be pointless with ED? Are you watching it for the story? Or is it ED during everything but porn
Ok thanks bro
BEARS ARE FUK, BULLS REIGN SUPREME
Crying about capitalism makes little sense. I just want a world where the law applies to everyone equally. But people constantly want exceptions for their "side".
I replied via PM
They are damaging the economy by spreading this shit, in effect their “freedoms” are infringing on my right to make money
Most of the pension funds have to buy government bonds and they are worthless atm. Even worse scenario in Europe with negative rates.
What was the reason for this crash?
Bruh nyc acting like there’s no covid since Biden won. It’s insane.
What the fuck do you do for a living?
flawless DD. All in.
Most top secret stuff is nothing interest. Literally cut of the mill shit.
Up
He said 1 trillion I’m pretty sure
Don't give a shit. Been working from home and picking up overtime since March. Graduate degree classes switched to online only delivery and I have been killing it. Amazon fresh and take out are easy enough. Been to the grocery store weekly to pick up what I need that isn't on Amazon. Bought a freezer and stocked that up. 

Extended family not visiting is fine with me and fairly normal, lockdown or otherwise. Don't have many friends or an active social life and I am good with that. Got a wife and kids. I'm busy with work, immediate family, and school.
^^^^
When is earnings?
NJ/CT for sure. (Will announce)
stfu with this weird shit you can't get hard because you're depressed, that's also why you wanna watch porn all day.
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO 70c 11/20 has to be the most retarded option in literally the entire market
Happy cake day fellow NIO shill
darwinism at it's finest
Washington
Can you tell me where you were able to form the tree-map?
Wait what happened? The one I went to in Houston was there last I checked.
Hey Toro! Toro!
There is plenty of competition already in this area:

&#x200B;

Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
[deleted]
What does that mean?
$600 myself. God speed.
I feel uncomfortable, please no
Did you just ask for volunteers to perform illegal activities on a public forum?
protesting is for fags
Am I supposed to be surprised
What new states besides New York announced lockdowns this weekend? You think the market is gonna get spooked monday?
there should be a masters on every 6 months honestly
Well I can give you some analysis... stocks will either go up or down. Good luck.
What do you think this means
I luv NVDA and it’s a beautiful LONG play stonk. But I was irked by its price fluctuation, something was off - with its advances, deals and fundamentals,  price should be hard rock.  
Tl;dr: it didn’t rub my dick the right way.  
Cashed out at 580 (from 490).
god tier halal on 52nd & 6th
>!mommy milkers!<
Hit deposit funds and double down with another $70k
Man good luck! I hope to make some big plays like this in the future! Still got no balls to put more than 15% of my money in the market
Oh great. Now I have to wait outside for ten minutes before going inside.
lockdowns means more people investing in stocks, bullish!!!
[deleted]
Call me suspicious but I think Covid uptick has something to do with “protests” where thousands of morons of all sides of spectrum gather in groups to chant stupid shit
No joke: Mitch going to pump stimmy rollouts this week starting Jan. Cruises and airlines part of first package. 

Market moving into Pro mode. Careful out there fellow retards.
I was pulling in the most money ever made during lockdown. And I was saving the most
Money since everything was down. I’m totally fine with another lockdown. But that’d suck for other people so it’s a pretty selfish POV
I sold March 10th and went full Nicholas Cage in Leaving Las Vegas
I said halliburton three times and cheney appeared. 😨
Are you saying buy SPCE 1000c FDs?
God I miss halal guys
If I was smart enough to have an opinion I would give it.
Espionage can be lucrative but the legal penalties might not be worth it.
@/argyt check this out
Gay or straight?
He bought in at 9.5. Ofcourse he can dump at 20 for double profits. IT is stupid to put money in megacaps and expect them to double in this ATH. So yes I would be he dumps especially when PLTR caps out soon. 

&#x200B;

Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
[deleted]
This is literally how I recovered 30% of my all time losses this month. Taking profits.
u/Deepfuckingvalue
Put ass to mouth, gay.
Pull out now. Same position in life as you and went up 30k only to end up down 9k overall now. Losing 14k is better than losing 20k
Definitely to the right
He did definitely persuade me that the market was going to keep going down, yes. But it was others as well. Game of Trades on YouTube also contributed, but it was my fault in the end for being greedy as fuck and not using proper risk management.
Is that you John Wayne? Is this me?
This would be much better as a table. These diagrams are useless.
Yup. Saw my friends instagram from the area. They're all having a ball. (Don't know how he can afford to live there)
I'd do her
Insurance companies are the only thing I let legally put their finger in my butt
 Competition: Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
Fund manager is down after buying value stocks and oil. He needs to hit 120% growth before 2022 when 1,000 Mariannes retire and begin withdrawing. In his last desperate attempt to remain relevant as index funds shit on his car for the third time this year, he reads about a new EV company on the back of his executive cheerio cereal box.
miss out on every single dividend payout on a dividend paying stock if I buy a leap though... seems like a 5-10% vig.
FCF is also there for this company. UNM is a retarded cash flow powerhouse. I would be surprised if they didn’t issue a buyback within the next 12 months.
I sold NIO puts to some retard bears
My logic. Mondays go up. Tuesdays 50/50. If Tuesday is up Wednesday is up,  Thursday becomes 50/50, Friday is green. If Tuesday down,MRNA pump so green rest of week.
Been trying to quit porn unsuccessfully for the last 6 years. Got ED and shit cause of it. I need to do something different
how far down we talking chief
Nah zm will drill
Suburban Maryland was atypically dead for brunch
Whatever dude. You got me
[deleted]
Probably not? It's a talking point that might get traction if we see austerity measures or if there's a mass shock to the system (like corporate layoffs).
[https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/15/analysts-expect-nio-sales-to-reach-100000-units-next-year/](https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/15/analysts-expect-nio-sales-to-reach-100000-units-next-year/)
Bought 1k worth just before market close. Fuck it scared money don't make money
No question.
Almost like I was trying to tell people it’s a global dynamic swap to EV from ICE. I can’t wait to get rich off idiots shorting the future 😂👌
Because Tesla and Amazon have massive infrastructure costs.  PLTR has little to none... Don't be a real retard and compare the two. Uber stated they won't be profitable until 2040s because they have to pay drivers. PLTR is a software company so you can literally start it in any office or house. Little overheard. 

&#x200B;

Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/KlutchKlem the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Send it to my RH account. Options_Cuck69
You literally used the term Bolsheviks. You couldn’t get more off topic 🤡
Lockdown means another rotation back into tech? Please let it be true
I lost my job last week from a Fortune 500 company that went from 250 to 400 a share over the pandemic.... me and about 8 other good employees. This company also has back orders being pushed from late December to now April of next year.... on Aton of product... I think another crash is gonna happen in dec or Jan.
[for real](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
10% huh... perhaps more than that.
Trust fund life is amazing. I highly recommend it.
Son of a bitch, I‘m in!   


(Another boomer looking to improve retirement prospects).
Installed some shelving, laid out compost & cardboard for next year's garden plot. Now I'm off the hook with the wife to watch football and do stonk research all day 🍻
No I respect your point of view, and I’m not saying you should YOLO your entire account every trade, but if you are young and have 10k saved up doing nothing, I don’t see a problem with trading and trying to make something out of it rather than having it sit around and do nothing for you. Of course that’s only if you don’t need the money
Lockdowns just mean a rotation back into mega tech. Rally on
> The toxicity of the fuel and all the other shit that goes into making and launching rockets into "space"

Except the fuel they make is largely rubber pellets and hydrogen peroxide.

Hydrazine it is not.
It’s not a rant & i dont think it’s really off topic. Are you a mod? Go ahead and ban i guess
[deleted]
I'm so fucking poor 😔


Good luck retard
They know just as much as Reddit. Why would any actual information ever make it to the cheap seats?
Sorry, I’m only selling NIO puts right now
[deleted]
Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
Do you know who are their main competitors in the commercial space?
It’s like a PUT premium you get
[deleted]
I think your penis is also flaccid.
Where did you get the price target of $38 from? 

I am getting median price target of $19-20, high price target of $21-30 and low price target of $15-18 from analysts research report from Fidelity, cnn money, nasdaq dot com. 

You said your price target! Who are you?
I’ve got the same. Feeling pretty nervous lol. Largest 0dte position yet
counter counterpoint, alternative chips and specialized chips are being designed by everyone and their grandmother.  "monopoly" on one type of chip.  just like pepsi has a monopoly on "triangle shaped cheese dusted chips" because they own doritos.  And again, the PE and valuation show the expectation that Nvidia will grow the data center business tremendously.  So they better put out some amazing earnings or they'll drop.  And Intel's data center revenue is still about 3.5 times Nvidias.  So NVDA would still have to grow data center revenue 50% a year for 3 years straight would still take in less than Intel.  Nvidia's main hype comes not from the chip sales, which by comparison to Intel, shows they're wildly overvalued, but on the promise/speculation that they'll be the big winner of the AI explosion in the next decade just as we just saw the cloud explosion last decade.  And not from chip sales, but from software and other solutions they sell with recurring revenue.
Bull or bear, this week is going to undoubtably be important for the momentum going forward.

We’ll see green at open, likely a retest of $353-$356, pump will kick in on Tuesday and then it depends if profit taking will actually happen or if we’ll break out of the 33+ year trend line and melt up.

I personally don’t see any unknown news that would cause a sell off, everything that is bad is known and at this point the market needs to get to a point that will make up for what it didn’t make this year. 

We might see some seriously high numbers if this week is able to hold above $360
Downtown manhattan packed with shopping crowd and brunch people
Anyone playing NIO earnings has brass batteries. I’ll hold my Planet Fitness puts, tyvm.
No he wasn’t. He literally wasn’t. He enjoyed the activity. He didn’t have a goal in mind.
America has made them lazy, they want to be forced into labor camps.
It's growing the biggest companies but fucking the small ones who want to sell on both wechat and alibaba. You see the predicament for small business who have to choose one or the other. They are starting to care about small businesses rather than just letting the big ones keep growing like it's happening with amzn and walmart
Off topic politics ranting isn’t bannable? Guess the last ban didn’t teach much
avoid any sudden urges ur monkey brain tells u
[deleted]
>Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.

All defense contractors helped in finding him. 

Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists.
That's true. Can't really replicate the gym feel with an in-home gym.
Not in a savings account really
If youre a gay bear, how the fuck did you lose money in march?
RH now allows 0 dte options but you can only buy in until 2:45.

Ill stick with TOS cash account thanks. Last hour is the best part about 0 dte positions
🤮
tltr; 10 Southeast Asian countries, as well as South Korea, China, Japan, Australia and New Zealand formed a trading bloc bigger than EU and 🍔-🌮-🍁. It's 29% of the worldtrade, and its going to rise with this agreement.
Do CFA now!
Who else is in ATVI banking on the cod nerds to pull thru for us
Agree
Bro that’s a lot of bupe holy shit, hope you never have to kick that!
> "here's to the crazy ones..."
If you started with half a million.
You could probably spin this into a positive in an investment analyst interview
Spy 376 eom
What’s a 2.5k yolo play for Monday?
I have a pretty sweet setup just prefer not being in the house 24/7 lol enjoyed my hour out to the gym every day
I dont think this is a ban worthy comment lol. Plus it’s the weekend thread
Stay at home and tech going hard this week
🙄
I love waking up to bias confirming DD.  I think I’ll get more leaps tomorrow
30% of clients are gay
I’ve had so many notifications from Bloomberg/Market watch/etc etc saying positive stuff about vaccine and shit that I’m 100% sure that this week we will see some really red bullshit
Yea alright bud, I’ll sell you some FDs next week
I did a strangle so we’ll probably stay flat.
Fvrr is a better company, better service, and a better stock.
👀👀
insufficient DD please get fuzzy on this instead
Ah the good ole days
Somehow people got the idea that capitalism is responsible for all the problems of the world, no realizing that the world is a cold uncaring place and most things that improve on that are thanks to capitalism and people putting work into making and building shit.
Why do people care?
Start ordering workout equipment. I've accumulated a few pieces to do basic workouts.
Regardless of whether you think the stock is going up or down, great time to enter options positions on SPCE as IVR is like 13%. Puts or calls, they're cheap. May as well make some bets with the prices low. See you all at the roulette table.
Easy to make a case how the MM’s are luring Boomers into a false sense of security before the Big Dump. A VP at M Stanley that handles some of my money is telling me this market is headed straight up 25% over today’s level. He says all his clients are holding, no one is dumping. Bonkers.
Yes
The US is a third world country wearing a Gucci belt. It is known.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have you ever heard of Barron’s, CNtech, or Reuters?
My thesis on the market now: wall street thinks throwing enough money at an idea is all it takes to make it happen.  This combined with the abundance of credit provided by the Fed is the reason we are seeing the speculative rallies we have now.  

It's a lot harder to turn good ideas into reality though, and it's even harder to pick who the winners will be.
505 here
Buy calls what more do you need. I’m kinda joking but actually serious. I work at target and it’s been busy all year and it just keeps getting busier as the holidays come up. A lockdown helps target and if everything reopens that also helps target. They gonna beat earnings but do your own dd. 100% of my account is in TGT calls
All logic points to red Monday but since I’m holding 355p 11/16, I’m sure we’ll moon!
70% of clients are long on this market lmaooo, red monday
Idk how to feel I’m balls deep
Word
Don’t have the room for it :/
> First time I heard of virgin galactic 

It started out as a group from Scaled Composites.  They won the X Prize.  Their first 'space ship' is now in the Smithsonian.  

Then Branson bought that group as a technology grab with plans to commercialize it.
I hate what this meme stock has become, but I welcome the change for Chinas environmental problems
Or to suggest that CCP wants to destroy your way of life. CCP has other things in their plate and they do capitalism pretty damn well. But western propaganda machine will probably tell you that Chinese people live in huts and rely on food stamps to survive. Oh wait, that’s the US.
Looks like he’s ready for another 35 day ban

Oh well
Shares & LEAPs here
Make it the other way around with 10% losses and learn to take 10% profits and not be a bozo and look for 50% +. Believe me I should take my own advice sometimes
if you say palantir three times to a bathroom mirror in the dark peter thiel will appear to give you the pp touch
Idk what the fuck NIO does other than gave me some gainz
Not me. Started my work life making very ordinary money and saved a bit. But that put me on a healthy path of saving and investing that’s translated to a big portfolio that I don’t need to yolo to have large returns as my income has gone up. I wouldn’t want to feel like I was always starting from scratch hoping to hit it big. That’s like poors playing the lottery and keeping themselves poor. 

Ban me
I only care if they claim to get big gains or big losses
WA broette here... really enjoyed being back at the gym. Pretty disappointed by this
Self fulfilling destiny inc
Walmart bringing stores back to to maximum 20% capacity.

Bullish as fuck.
New Mexico is the 1st state to reintroduce its most strict measures in the form of a 2 week lockdown, from experience it'll probably be longer..
That’s a solid point, and perhaps will require further scrutiny from the regulators. Again, these were merely drafts; possible solutions to disrupt monopolization. I am not sure how the new rules will come into effect, but at the same time, I think CCP’s best interest is also increasing China’s GDP without companies like BABA spiralling out of control. It was a sign of strong arm for these companies to acknowledge that the CCP exists. US does this too with the Big4’s antitrust talks, it’s just that the CCP has more power than the US government. But at the end of the day, neither parties want their giants to fail.
Yes. This is why I wish I could invest in SpaceX. They could start mining asteroids in a few years if they made it their main goal instead of putting people on Mars. But if they can put people on Mars, bringing a small asteroid back to Earth wouldn't be any harder. Virgin Galactic wouldn't even have an orbital vehicle yet unless they just bought one from SpaceX or ULA.
Yep hard
[Whenever I see someone write a wall of text about how NIO is going to dump after ER](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
Well fuck, guess I am all in on $PLTR at open
Yeah there’s a line
Why are we supposed to believe that this random redditor somehow has all the secrets about NIO
Why do I think coming here will help be figure out is spy’s gonna be up or down tmrw. It’s just bulls vs bears here with no logic
Who tf knows how it’ll go this week but it’ll be fun to watch
[removed]
The retarded part is that will probably make the market go up 2% tomorrow. Not good for my 0dte SPY 352p's
The big brain thing to do would have been to accumulate gym equipment. My internet buds have been building out their own garage gyms all summer.
Can't wait for NIO rug pull part 2
As for direct competitors:

Deloitte, Northrup Grumman, Booz Allen Hamilton, MITRE, etc. all already exist and do very similar defense, national security, healthcare, etc. contacting and consulting work for the government. Palantir is quite literally nothing special. Also the government started hiring their own data scientists. I admit PLTR is a buy at low prices but is isn't going to grow like many want to believe it will. Soros, ARKK aren't stupid. You don't buy megacap stocks and expect them to double at ATHs, you. They buy these  and sell then they double or maybe 3x in 3-5 years.
NIO
Damn my puts are fucked Monday
It’s going to moon  they have so much room for growth
Am watching the conference now, so disappointed. Really loved being back at the gym. Puts on my mental health
So you bought calls during bloody March? Then bought puts in April? Dam...could’ve long stonks and just buy puts as a hedge. Not gonna lie, I’m going to rub myself off to your loss.
It’s sad to see how many actual Bolshevik tankies are out there on places like r/latestagecapitalism. Some of them are even very intelligent, and could probably make a lot of $$$ if they actually decided to work hard instead of bitch & complain and blame capitalism for everything. 


Oh well
Holy shit you don’t know what personal responsibility means.
the immediate catalyst is the hype train which started with soros and ark

short-term, that share lock up for sure is a concern, but not before this runs significantly

long term the sky is the limit
Pretty sure it continues into older articles of theirs. Not 100
You mean fall slowly like it did to $274, before reverend elon had to do a stock split to get morons buying more shares, so he could dump at $500?
Depends when he bought in maybe he bought in at 17 and sold at 25.
Honest advice you’re not down yet always take profits reinvest at dips never invest at highs  that’s how you become a retard
Some, well, UVXY long
Wa bro here. I gym 6 times a week and eat out quite a bit
I’ve done this a few times and I’m still profitable. Start saving and stop doing the dumb shit that these retards who make no money tell you to do. 

Here’s an easy play for you. Buy 100 shares of a company you like (preferably a large cap with limited downside risk). Write covered calls weekly. Take the income and save it. Then take that income plus your continued savings and get enough to buy another hundred shares of another company (in a different sector). Then repeat. Keep doing that until you have an actual portfolio. 

Or just be a retard and buy NIO calls before earnings. 🤷‍♂️
I don't understand how people are comfortable being in such huge amounts of debt.
AMD is gonna eat Nvidias lunch and dinner. Look what they did to Intel. He’s dead. After Nvidia is taken down Mama Su is going to take out apple.
That'd make a good advert.
More info plz
Yea just the lockdowns might affect things
Was the buying opportunity of our lifetimes. And most of us missed it. Fuck the 🌈🐻
I didnt go deep into puts for a long time even though id been following thr virus on youtube since december. I just thought nah, im overestimating the impact

Yall remember how surreal it felt when the US actually locked down and all of this got real serious real fast?
Shit also the 2 week lockdown in New Mexico might delay it again..
when people werent personally responsible and those who were were punished for it by something worse than a loss of freedoms, you mook
I think it was that woman in NZ with the easily digestible "ok boomer" that really got it into gear
Hey man don't blow up my 3D printers yet, I need to get my cash out of other places first
Incoming lockdowns boys.
I got a bear onesie on with a raging boner going on so I’m ready for Monday either way.
2021vehicles now ranked by toilet paper space capabilities
Anyone else not really give a shit about lockdowns. 

I mean let's be real. 10% of you probably don't even have friends and don't even go out. Lockdowns don't even change your lifestyle.

WA bro checking in.
Don't care what the haters say.  

Dollar tree gets me.
He’s not totally negative. Still has a pending stock 😘
what stock to buy for Monday market open? lost 50 bucks Friday wanna get it back. LOVE TO ALL AND LUCK TO ALL
I can’t afford not to🤪
Yeah. I just refinanced to a 15 year at 2.5%.
[deleted]
all i see is confirmation bias; having said that NIO $50 C 11/20
🍋🍋🍋 calls Monday can’t go wrong. Who else is with me
Yeah but Tesla will always be the best brand for electric
Big if false.
What the fuck has wsb turned into? Now we're getting "DDs" on investing in stocks. Man wtf
You guys want some insider info, buy calls on target for Er
You calculate the risks? I just buy shit then hold to 0
They bot in q3. So they would have paid anywhere between $4-9
[for real](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
Continuation of last Friday
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wut?
I’m interested to see if there’s any highly qualified individuals breaking it down piece by piece. The gap (engineering wise) between what SPCE has and what they’d need to be as hype as retards think they are.
[deleted]
For a half second I thought this was for tomorrow and panicked a little
Regrets?
Well it’s tech bulls doing the same thing as well

Source: 80% of my portfolio right now is tech - diversification who?
Mango spitting fire out here 🔥
Continuous hydration
By that you mean it's a student loan YOLO, right
Only 3 hours and 39 minutes left till futures open
There’s no doubt were going back up. But my autist sense is tingling and telling me we going to have little trip back down first.
Softbank bought calls.
Yeah but next year you can choose your brand.
Ahhh yeah how fucked am I for my NIO 11/20c picked up on Friday. Was drunk and doubled down on my losses. FML
The way...
Logic says down so we go up?
I think they are ahead of the game with autonomous - which is really the future.  But I am sure someone here  has a better argument
I bought Pfizer some time in the middle of the March crash at around $33. Didn't understand what margin calls and liquidity crunches were so I was surprised it kept going down. Ended up panic selling when it fell to $31. Many regretful moves were made during that time.
No way if it’s at current low rates
Futures are green a blumpkin for Charlie Sheen. 

If they’re red, a gaping for you instead 👹
Duwp
What a great way to make people start hoarding shit again !
Lol no indoor social gatherings. Okay. Good luck with that
If it falls, I'm ok because that's a buying opportunity. If it gains, I'm OK because I could always use more gains.
They opened an office in my city! Abu Dhabi
I don’t think 🥭could reverse a car out of a driveway
Expiry for the ITMs?
Yeah same with NC. I went out a couple weeks ago after it was really windy and it blew a ton of leaves off the trees. You could barely see the trail so it was like you were making your own path.
Down.
Let's go
Pretty frigging good
Here’s some clickbait shit explaining it. Enjoy: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0bXUoul2D2M
How high is Zoom going this week?
TSLA maybe goes to its 420 or maybe don’t.
Puts on it with Elon declaring he has mild COVID and non sense tweets
[deleted]
Everyone’s been saying this for a couple years now
(Glitches only)
[deleted]
and they've also worked their way into healthcare contracts, as well as cancer-related research

They're making themselves "too useful to get rid of"
Basically where I enough money to hold several hundred stocks to sell against and still have plenty to buy FD calls.
So market going which way?
We don’t enjoy the people dying, we enjoy the people panic selling stock and making money on puts when the time is right, then we go bullish
they send a forward deployed engineer (consultant) to embed with the customer and learn their problems

then they tweak the more generic solutions they already have

customers end up with a bespoke installation of palantir that is life changing for their business

customers never leave, locked in for life
Fox News. Most Watched. Most Trusted.
[deleted]
[deleted]
One of you retards really woke me up to something. While we are kinda retarded for gambling away our money, it takes balls to get rich. I’d much rather lose 5k and have a shot at making 100k than making 50k a year living some average ass life. Life’s too short to not take calculated risks
We are decreasing traffic and increasing new vacant homes!
Coin is not dying. It’s up 38 percent this month. It’s just struggling to stay above 16. Grayscale just bought over 200 million worth last week.
Fundamental misunderstanding of gravity, air density, escape velocity and orbital fuel requirements. 

Asteroid mining makes it clear the amount of brain tumors the average SPCE investor has.
Personal. Responsibility. If you’re worried about your health, take care of yourself. 

Like it or not this country was founded on individual liberties, not collective liberties.
Rotation back into value plays and financials. Their revenue and profit was barely impacted by COVID but their stock price got hammered anyway. Just needs to get recognized in the market
Lol. I would gather they're mostly holding old school stuff like xom etc.
So, all in COST calls?

Is there a line just to get into the store?
Done with options, tired of tiny gains and huge losses📉
Vibin
How do i buy credit default swaps on robinhood?
When you all were idiots
Was just a warning shot
I buy options so cheap that I’ll just turn losses into industry based leverage. Volatility baby, that’s what brings in the hookers and coke!
It blowsy mind when people with this much money ask for advice here
Question: Won’t Tesla fall slowly now , now that all manufacturers are going electric. Besides he wanted to start the revolution to electric. It wasn’t because of the coin.
They have to be in a shit place where no one would want to live. The toxicity of the fuel and all the other shit that goes into making and launching rockets into "space" not only fucks up the water and everyone  that is within miles over time but it also fucks up the ability to grow shit there.
It's a tech IPO. I'll buy in 6-12 months after the first few quarterly earnings reports. Then the 'true value' will be clear
Spy bears how we feeling
spy nio puts here, i hope your solo treats you nicely.
#Speed Run
ACOPY
It’s also on margin - I forgot to mention that part
I thought it just meant space redditors
Hey man the world is overpopulated lol
https://ibb.co/ysm3qf8
I see plenty of cash on the sidelines, that is the big picture that bears are avoiding. We live in a tech enabled world in which the ultra, mega, and normal rich attract abundant new capital which they are essentially forced to put into the equity market in a there is no alternative (TINA) dynamic.

I am looking at the market through the perspective of how much new capital is sitting on the sidelines because that has shown to be, imo, the reason why risk assets / markets are seemingly inflated without fundamental reason.

Accordingly, until the tax environment changes, we should expect net upside in risk assets. That is why stonks always go up lately, there is so much upper class capital flowing in.
Depends on what the market does. If daily deaths suddenly doubles and businesses shut down but the market goes up anyway, then it'll likely go up too. If the market tanks, it'll go down with it. Don't forget, it was at $170 just 8 months ago but it was also 319 just 3 weeks ago.
Buy LEAPs if you want to go options. They are pretty cheap since it is a boomer stock
When it threatens the healthcare system.
[NIO is gonna moon](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
I love how we have made shitting on Boomers mainstream
https://finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/many-boomers-still-own-too-much-stock-132236022.html
I don't think Robinhood is to blame
I agree you can't time a crash, but if you zoom out on some of the big tech, they've been trading somewhat flat since July, down from their all time high. You would think they had a healthy amount of steam let out.
Just delete the app and re download it. Futes goin wild this weekend!!
If space hits 30 eow I’ll dye my pubes Branson yellow
What volunteer was that ?

Sucking cock ??!! 

 300 is good
Long term that is the one I'm betting on for ev. That and xpeng
She's a good speaker. Milfy too
  QUALYS 105c 12.18
“This never would’ve happened on ETRADE.”
Pretty much
wow, that is about the gayest things I've ever heard
"Muh freedoms," duh.
Analysts are bullshit artists. Don't pay any attention to that shit.
NEVER FORGET.
Wait but I feel as if this would stifle the emergence of new startups, solidifying the oligopoly status of the e-commerce giants as if all the big brands already had exclusivity agreements with an e-commerce giant then Alibaba, JD.com etc couldn’t really be threatened by new companies emerging. I feel like right now there’s more competition between the e-commerce giants because they have to compete with each other on their pricing or commission as they sell the same products whereas if the regulators implemented such a policy they could just carve up the map and allocate themselves ‘turf’, as in who gets to sell which companies’ products, kinda like what the mafia did. If that happens then wouldn’t the e-commerce giants then have even more pricing power than they currently do as if you really wanted say a pair of Nike trainers and Alibaba were the only ones who sold them then you’d have to either accept the price they demanded or go to a store?
RemindMe! 2 weeks
Hey honey let’s inves..... aaaaaaaand it’s gone
[deleted]
Fuck! Everyone is bearish
Just inverse so NIO calls
*Petition to ban anyone that does not post the all chart*
Boomer shit, idk
Got spy nio and solo callz for monday am I fucked?
I feel so bad for my godmother :(
[deleted]
That fucker just cost me another 2k for a psychiatrist
Also have few hundred k in shares. All in across all accounts
What if I'm a half-retard
Thx bby
Jaysus. Ye might reach ~ 450,000 deaths by March. What the f are ye doing.
Wish I got in on FSR this past week
Claim $3,000 on your taxes annually.
Doesn't even sound that restrictive.

SPY 375
Facebook is similar to MySpace... stay away
[deleted]
bears make me sick, they literally enjoy the fact that more people are getting coronavirus and dying so there puts could net them a smaller loss
Lol markets resilient the whole time but suddenly once we get a vaccine and a stable president we suddenly wanna crash 🙄 go nut or get got
thank you. do you know why people avoid being labeled as a day trader?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/socialist_baby the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Gf got $300 for a volunteer gig. Turned it to 600 in a week for her. Currently at $3. Oops
I’ll edit to add a pic of my position 

To clarify- this company no longer sells LTC. They sold them in the past (hence the “closed block”) and analysts criticize them for their reserves. 

Right now they mostly sell disability insurance, dental, vision, life, and critical illness policies to employers. Stable business that generates a lot of reliable cash
trumps china
When did personal responsibility get replaced with government mandates. Wild times
Wasnt it just 100k cases per day a few weeks back? 😅
Thanks man printing this out and putting it over my desk at home right now. First month in the stock market. Discovered WSB. Discovered options trading. Discovered $1,000 + profits a day off an initial $500 start in this and I think I just blew up my entire portfolio buy NIO FD’s 11/20c last Friday 🥴. 

I need this.
By any chance, are you a professional basketball player. Only those people have money but no sense of investment 😂😂
[deleted]
I don’t see Tesla am I blind
Imagine losing half a million at a 100% loss and blaming the app you use to trade. Lmao fucking retard
Proof of positions or ban
[deleted]
Oh shit I still have my old laptop that took a shit last year and I'm sure they're still on that hard drive. Thanks for reminding me
[deleted]
Serious question:

If a lot of ppl on this sub are currently shitting on Nio saying it’s going to pop eventually and it’s not worth as much as it’s being propped up as then why do so many analysts have it’s stock valuation projected to be in the $150-$250 range within the next year? All bullshit? I know it’s speculative but it seems pretty damn high for an EV company that is apparently currently overvalued and will be for the foreseeable future
I like the idea of actually making an investment unlike 98% of this sub, however, look at the long term performance of the stock. In 2017 it fell off a cliff and had been on a serious decline even before the crash in March brought it down to officially bargain levels (2008 prices). Don't just buy in for a dividend, there's better companies for that than this. If you see an upside outside of the decline from 2017-present then kudos and best of luck.
Send me 20k and I’ll make sure you don’t lose it all
Cathie Woods is getting booted from ARK via an option exercise by Resolute :(

Won’t happen until 2021 though
Poors stay poor
Loved it! Every minute.
I got from 800$ to 5000$ in a couple weeks... of course I got to 800$ first from 35k
Big coat!  Big coat!
Bear god inslee??
CCL calls it is
Could you please add 9674.67 and lose it all again so that your net loss comes out to be a nice round number $420,694.20
[deleted]
Honestly Microsoft would probably hold up better in a crash than a lot of this stuff. Smaller cloud software firms would see their multiples cut in half easily 

I don’t care about whether the prevailing mortgage rate is 3% or 6%, it likely makes sense to pay it off if you think there is a large downside risk in the market relative to the upside 

I mean or you could yolo it on Puts in that case but this is not a casino...
When is the Fisker news?
Send to us, we'll hang onto them just in case.
PSP GTA, but as mentioned earlier you need the buttplug adapter
Macy's is probably a good middleground here. Wait, do Macy's still exist?
Would BABA go up if coronavirus got worse?
Its been nice fr fr
https://twitter.com/KIRONewsdesk/status/1328051362236563456?s=19

Washington State restrictions updates:

To ensure that our medical system is not overwhelmed, Gov Inslee announces that as of Tuesday,  Indoor social gatherings with people from outside your household are prohibited until at least Dec. 14th. 

Business meetings will not be allowed. Only professional training & testing that cannot be done remotely allowed.

Occupancy in meeting rooms limited to 25% or fewer than 100 people. 

For one month from Tuesday, fitness facilities & gyms must close, but can offer outdoor classes of 5 or fewer.
In-door activities at bowling alleys, movie theaters, museums, zoos & aquariums must cease. Drive-in movie theaters can continue under current rules.

Wedding & funerals receptions cannot be held. Ceremonies limited to 30 people. 
Real estate open houses will no longer be allowed.
Religious services limited to 25% indoor occupancy, but no more than 200 people. Soloists allowed, but no choir, band, or ensembles during services. 

All stores will be limited to 25% indoor occupancy and indoor food court seating must close.

Personal services such as haircuts will be limited to 25% of maximum occupancy. 
Long-term Care Facilities - outdoor visits only. Exceptions for end-of-life care.
Youth (school and non-school) and adult sporting activities limited to outdoor only for intra-team practices.

As of Wednesday, indoor restaurant dining will be banned. Take out, delivery and outdoor dining with parties of 5 or less will still allowed.
"Extremely alarming" is how our state Department of Health describes the rapid escalation in covid-19 cases.
Can confirm Costco in California in PACKED 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The best thing about pandemic is I can stop buying nice clothes.
car, awesome pc, saved for amazing trip to Europe, many hookers, so much blow, huge HDTV and surround sound home theatre system.
Just buy MSO’s
I was thinking maybe jelqing might help.
ACB was minimal gains as it barely dropped. 

Post your put position for next week.
Imagine not using lichess lol
Thanksgiving is fuk
Giuliani is the fall guy.
These are standard employee benefit plans that all companies purchase. And it’s not medical insurance which has been the target of ACA and other reforms

They make good money selling policies with stable claim experience and have good market penetration
Right
good for you, I still have my exes nudes.

I haven't looked at them since the break up a while ago. but just in case i want to fap down memory lane they are there.
I see it more like Mango going swimming with concrete water wings.
Are SOLO’s for nerds?
ITS NOT A MATTER OF IF, BUT WHEN!!!!
It says november 15th tho
Look at this guy and his "I have money for clothes."

I'm wearing potato sacks from Costco dumpsters to pay for my NIO options.
[deleted]
If I had 400k I could easily make 2-4k per week selling options.  Why do stupid people have all the money?
We know, they touch you
The one time I've ever ordered door dash the driver couldn't find my house and he cried
nah
Work is so slow right now. I'm thinking it would be a good idea to make 30-40k this week and just take the rest of the year off. 🤷‍♂️
Yah, planning to look over financials tonight!  Looking like leaps are the play here but we’ll see what’s what tonight.
Remember remember the 16th of ... March? No that definitely doesn’t sound right 🌈 🐻 😊
Negatory ghost rider, that was a bull trap based on pie in the sky vaccine news IMO. Not even FDA approved yet, needs -80 degree storage, not to mention the hilariously low production scale, throw in all the bad news I already described and you have a serious reality setting in, the markets absurdly overvalued.

TLDR; I 🌈🐻now
Haha it’s never too late to put in a little somethin somethin. I put in a little bit every time it dips.
store it in a way that it's difficult to open them again, like an external drive that's stored in a hard to reach place

that way you don't lose them, but when you're tempted, you would rather just head to pornhub because it's easier
🌈 🐻 Vibes all over the news. 184k new cases, (new daily record 🥳) and no good vaccine news (besides early 2021 release), Virginia, NY and now Washington? Imposing new restrictions.

Looking to be a Red Monday.
Easter
But the wealth won't be spread equally which could hold spy back. As I mentioned a while back handing someone who has a nw of $10M an extra $10M isn't going to stimulate per se. One person only needs so much food, healthcare etc. So what happens when companies like APPL, wmt etc start to report lower eps in the next decade. Fundamentally economics operates in a closed loop with minimal relief values. It can function with some internal pressure (inequality) but massive amounts of it means that the paper situations don't come to fruition. Then factor stuff like strife and civil unrest and it's 🤷‍♀️
How do you get the data for this visual?
Just submit your positions on GME and NIO and screenshot your portfolio to your professor. 

They will instantly and see you are an autist, either giving you an A out of pity or a F like your dumb ass deserves
Don’t forget to pay your property taxes...  but i def do agree.  No mortgage over your head makes life a little bit easier to live at times.
Won't happen again for another 4-8 years,  to much money was printed. It has to go somewhere
I mean stifle the emergence of new startups because if all the big brands already had exclusivity agreements with an e-commerce giant then Alibaba, JD.com etc couldn’t really be threatened by new companies emerging. I feel like right now there’s more competition between the e-commerce giants because they have to compete with each other on their pricing or commission as they sell the same products whereas if the regulators implemented such a policy they could just carve up the map and allocate themselves ‘turf’, as in who gets to sell which companies’ products, kinda like what the mafia did
But dude, the short squeeze is coming!!!!!.... retards
solid boomer stonk DD.
I honestly don't know what gamestop could possibly do to turnaround a funamentally dead position. Apple showed the world the benefit of having a walled garden to distribute through, the 30% apple fee for all apps generates insane returns. Windows tried to replicate this with the windows store but hasn't really gained traction. Plus you have steam, epic, the ea one, android, sony, xbox, nintendo and google stadia all providing a "platform" to distribute games online and take their pound of flesh. The question is, besides as a physical retailer, what value proposition does gamestop offer these companies? There's no leverage in this relationship, and huge vested interest in the game makers to own the distribution channel.
They'll definitely make money though.   Most DOD contractors try to stay under the radar for a reason
Translation: your summation is correct. If the dips keep coming then buy more
Actually this thinking will kill you if you are really trading and not doing dumb yolo bets.
Either get a penis pump or prostate orgasm
There will be another dip in the next 6 months.
Brain blast here: 
- The company is called “Virgin Galactic”
- There are no Laws in space
- They should create a brothel space station
[No ban bet or proof of positions?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GgflscOmW8&ab_channel=phillow)
[https://chess.org/play/bc96cb39-55d9-43ff-8d01-6c58aeeca8ba](https://chess.org/play/bc96cb39-55d9-43ff-8d01-6c58aeeca8ba)
So gay
I will pass then. I feel very safe buying in at pre-pandemic levels.
User name doesn't check out.  WSB was created in 2012.
[removed]
Smart man
The market has been at an aggressive, unsustainable pace. That’s independent of any of the headlines. The Fed is implementing strategies that have never been used before. It’s a fragile system. No one can time a drop or a crash but it’s reckless to be all-in on options right now without significant hedges.
More bullish on the Airbnb IPO because they’ve actually been profitable on and off whereas DoorDash operates at a loss in hopes they’ll be more efficient in the future

Still seems like it’ll probably pop though
Yes we all knew this is going to blow up get in on Monday or miss out
Fair point but if I'm not mistaken the prevailing mortgage interest was double or higher than it is today, so the trade off decision is a little different.

Also, there are lessons to learn from the Ballmer Microsoft years that might be transferrable to today, which would out you in a different stonk.

Also, we've normalized extreme quantitative intervention that we can all see is artificially boosting risk asset prices. I want in on that parabolic move, especially given that stonks are taking share away from smaller firms in main street economy.
For all you political nerd analysts, mango handing over the torch to Giuliani to head his legal proceedings is basically the same thing as conceding and distancing himself from being a “loser” right?
Nikola? oh shit
You must have wet toilet paper hands.

EDIT : and a very smooth brain
No
Remember when GME was at 15$? Good times.
Prolly vix and uvxy
He must have a really gay ass hole
Someone do the work on historical IPO performance 1, 3, 6, 12 months out from IPO date. Also 1-3 years out. I'm thinking leap puts on the etf "IPO".
How much did you win? 4k$? Congrats,  I'm happy for you! Good luck in the future.
320 eow baba gods and I will eat them Chinese noodles all night long
In 2020, your mom is probably just relieved that you're alive and not sleeping behind a Big Lots turning tricks or something. Wait, you're not are you?
The only people he listens to are Hannity and Putin.
Brothers, i will keep buying gold. Already 25% of my portfolio is on gold i want to increase it another 25% more.

The other 50% of my portfolio: weekly SPY PUTS, this weekend the market is going to crash.
Upwk
Monday may not be red, but the week will be. Cap this shit.

Also, how many correct predictions do I have to make in a row before I have WSB clout?
Too late. Already balls deep
Thanks!
I’m just salty I didn’t buy any. 🧂
I bought in a 20. Didn’t even flinch on the drop Friday. Confident they will be 60 a share next year.
https://www.facebook.com/WaStateGov/videos/697534500884217/
Nah they already had a ridiculously successful test flight
I wanted to sell at $15. The valuation is too high now to buy back in. Try and follow along...
Well the market had 8 months to price the second wave. So 🙄
I vote no.
[deleted]
LOW was poop last time
Gotta start massaging the prostate man.
Biden admin. will increase corporate taxes and then business will not buy as much insurance. Risky play IMO
I just poured some but nothing happened, are you sure?
Washington State lol
at these interest rates, you are retarded if you even think of paying off your mortgage.
I am suckers for stories about someone getting laid; fake or not. Maybe the reason why is it fills some void in my own lonely single life. 

Btw, 27 is not old. I'm 26 and still a virgin. Goodluck!
Was on SSRIs for years and it will take an involuntary commitment for me to take them again. NOT saying that nobody should take them, just saying that for ME, they are not the answer. I needed to, and will need to in the future, work through my shit in a different way. SSRIs did turn me into a zombie, made it impossible to bust a nut (could fuck for hours but could never finish) and the weight gain was no fun. The positive was that it was easier for me to "not give a shit" so stuff that might have thrown me into a full blown funk were mere inconveniences and temporary bullshit when I was on SSRIs. Took years of therapy to get to the point where I had the tools I needed to navigate the ups and downs of life without the safety net but I am there and will always need to go back into more intensive therapy for a tune up every now and again. 

Currently take Ritalin. Have no idea how I managed life without it.
No, they did not mention breaking up the company. The possible breaking up of the company that you might hear of could have been due to Jack Ma stepping on CCP’s feet, but I highly doubt anything will transpire from this. The CCP made BABA but at the same time, BABA is bringing so much money and attention to the Chinese markets. Their relationship is almost symbiotic. I think BABA is here to stay; Jack Ma? Maybe not.
A long long time ago
Good luck to both of us
What’s gyna?
How is shooting a hellfire missile at a subsistence farmer in Yemen protecting my way of life? Al Qaeda coming to invade Indiana tomorrow?  Maybe if we didn’t sell weapons to Saudi Arabia so they could butcher civilians across the border and arm terrorist groups I couldn’t go to Wendy’s anymore.
Wow you should put out an instruction video for this. Useful for this sub
We were joking about the second wave being priced in back in march.


Looks like the second wave was priced in.
Yeah ill probably regret it in about an hour.
I say you are doing well so far my boy, next stop 0
Sell your zoom NOW....within the next 4-6 months online interaction will be no where near it is now
He must have gotten confused with his early dementia and wandered into the wrong sub with this shit.  Thought he was in r/investing or r/grandpastocks
Are you insane?
If Donald Pump reverses this, will tech moon?
I think you missed the point. Trading is hurting him. rH just happened to be the platform he used which he conflated with trading.

Hence me assuming single digit iq because thinking about it is hard at those levels
It’s up 38% this month? What more do you want
Wtf is a cntechpost
Positions ?
Nio
You should definitely also get ahold of some good cbd strains and the anti inflammatory potency  of those is really good in conjunction with everything of the detox process and overall. Cbd takes a bit longer during decarb to activate like 90 minutes instead of 44ish for normal flower. I like a group out in organ that rhymes with bettlebarns. Great deals and excilent product for hemp.

Also non of this is medical advice and is just anictdotal stories from another internet degenerate and should be taken with all the grains of salt.
What correlation?
I got in with calls when price was around 520 last week. I hope it prints
[https://investor.vanguard.com/mutual-funds/profile/performance/vfiax/cumulative-returns](https://investor.vanguard.com/mutual-funds/profile/performance/vfiax/cumulative-returns)

&#x200B;

There, I found one for you. That took 30 seconds.
Roblox IPO is pretty obviously just an opportunity for those earlier investers like Horowitz to get out.
Hello there General Pumpobi
You got puts pal?
Washington shutting down right now. Live.
Can we get a stimulus package for these poor souls that have been afflicted by bad bets then???
I truly believe that inside every WSBers lives  🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻 .  This Monday release your inner  🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻 .
That's a question. On one hand we have unprecedented backstopping and a government that atleast in it face willing to pump in as much money as possible. On the other hand the economic situation has never been this dire and there doesn't seem to be any relief there. 

I would say all the signs point to this being a short term pump and then a long period of flatness after dumping hard.

But like I mentioned above we are in uncharted water. It could just keep going up and up if people realize that they don't have the traditional paths to wealth anymore (work a job, save and open a CD and let compound interest do it works) so why not continue to pump in cash? Will labor finally give up and accept their fate? Are unions and private pensions on their last leg?

Even looking at data it's hard to parse it. Take me for example. As someone in their thirties you could expect me to spend like a wild man and not give a shit. Instead I'm even more reclacitrant and tripling down on my cost cutting. I had plans to take a vacations and get a new car last year but I think that's not going to happen for years. Now if a few hundred thousand people think this way next year and beyond it won't matter how much the feds pump and congress floods. If the people who need to spend become like the people after the great depression spy is going to like 200
>No man, the bomb timer clearly says that we have another 15 minutes- plenty of time to try and defuse it.

To each his own, I suppose. Have fun.
Sounds like a separate variation play
They call them futures...shouldn’t it be on all the time?
Remember him saying that people wouldn’t care if he shot someone in the street. He was right.
It’s OK to come out of the closet you don’t have to hide any longer
take a look at COVID cases right now, SPY has been tracking COVID pretty nicely, so I anticipate some bigly green futures tonight to match the bigly green COVID candles.
Go jerk yourself you numbnuts
[deleted]
Okey dokey
It’s up 38 percent in the last 30 days. Fuq u talmbout?
This should be done every week.
For sure. But would you want to hold your mortgage payoff cash in Microsoft stock from $57.63 on December 17, 1999 to October 2016 to break even? Would have been a long 17 years of mortgage payments
I just discovered TMO a month ago. It only goes up. How are people not talking about this??
If the market is forward looking the increase in covid cases has already been priced in. Vaccine news is coming up with delivery dates set for April/Jun period. Why would a crash come now?
Water and no sugar
🙏
lemme guess over 6', jaw of the gods?
Must be one of us, he wants to post that -2.6bn loss porn here
Haha long Jan 15 $15 calls
[deleted]
I accidentally bought $3000 of pltr shares at the fucking peak last week.

they plummeted that day, but I now think maybe the universe stepped in and I'm supposed to keep these for 5 years and they will 25x
If we got a fat rerotation into tech tomorrow that would be nice
did the same but regretted it. luckily they were still in FB messages
Say no more fam
It's not about being ok, there's just nothing we can do. They never had to make a law about it because it's never been a problem before because presidents haven't acted like toddlers.
which direction
I seen that were targeting mainly baba, tencent and bidu, baba is pretty beat up already I'll be watching bidu closely and jd pdd etc look to benefit off this surely with good eps
cant wait
You bet against progress you get FUCKED in the ass.
"We" dont have a choice
Can't believe your pumping this shit on WSB.  Take this to value investing club or some other gray haired, depends wearing, self cathing sub.  Most people on here can't understand half the metrics your laying down.  And those are some shitty numbers.  This is not a growth stock nor tech.  So get the fuck out of here with this shit.
Looks like a leveraged play on interest rates? Stock seems to perform well in stable and rising rate environments
Positions?
[deleted]
After 4 years I've decided to delete one of my exes nudes. They have served me very well for many lonely nights and now its time to move on.

GG
Balls deep?
I love DoorDash every time I order something and it’s cold - 90% of the time, they give it to me for free.  I have probably gotten 30 free meals from them since covid started.
if only you put this 700k on calls for NIO tomorrow morning ...
Our prophet has arrived
I did that Friday right before EOD
Ok adding more GME weeklies
Hmmm, I don’t recall my username being ATMputs 🤔
Let me break it for you tech stocks are whores, boomer stocks are wives. You just needed to explain like that
Battery swap.
[deleted]
hahahahahhaha
Yeah that’s kinda my thought too. Yeah I could beat my interest rate with returns from the market, but this year has shown how uncertain stuff can get. Having no debt makes that a bit easier to handle.
$ALLY 3/20 31c
I'll remind you next week!
Weird flex, but ok boomer
#Bears just lost NNN looking at this picture
DoorDash is legit. Going in for sure
I tried just writing “okay” and it keeps coming out as Oklahoma
It pretty much was. I FOMO'd in mid march, knowing literally nothing besides puts are down, calls are up.

I was up 50% on my $1000 in the first 5 minutes of my first put purchase.
OP must be a girl. On her period or something. Not sure why she has such a big problem w the chess. Maybe shes just dumb and doesn’t know how to play.
Man ye yanks being ok with mango not letting transition get up to speed on virus is so weird.
4 more hours to we hear about .3% moves are bulls/bears r fuk
Correct me if I'm wrong but my understanding of the draft was that they were focusing on ancillary stuff like this, no breaking up the company. Is that correct in your summation WSB professional 9f the lake?
[deleted]
I would take out a significant portion and use it to pay down or refinance.

Good to protect yourself.
[deleted]
This info was as of 30 Sep. I’m not sure if they still hold it... they might given insane short interest & market rotation into value / small cap stocks after vaccine news broke
Which is does periodically, before revaluing to the next ATH. You are well aware of this phenomenon solitary egg.

My advice to OP was to avoid locking a 3% return.
10,000 people die from starvation every day, let’s not pretend we care about humanity all of a sudden
Yeah. Math definitely is on the side of keeping the money in. Was just interested in everyone’s opinions.
Wait until March 2021 and you will get to relive it again.
it was consolidating this friday

either it'll go moon or dump
[removed]
Calls on PG and HBI
Well, speaking of ARM... Guess who just bought ARM? That's right - NVDA
I suggest you triple up sir.
Say what you want about NIO but this shit about to have volume over 750mil by Tuesday 😂😂
true that, hope we ride together brother
Lmao you gave me a good chuckle
By Thanksgiving is a little unreasonable bro.
Fucking love TSM.
Just do the exact opposite of what you did
[deleted]
Doubling down / averaging on a losing trade is the very definition of being stupid. NEVER do that. EVER. Tried all strategies except the smart one, selling premium to the rest of you morons.
Yolo on an insurance company.  Sounds more like an investment than a bet to me.  But 700k is a lot of cocaine - so I will give it to you.
WSB is overwhelmingly bullish. Red day confirmed.
That’s what I give your wife while you’re losing all your money being a gay bear
Isn't there some press conference in DC today?
Nio Puts!
It use to indicate for like 8 weeks straight then mid crash it went back to no cor.
Just wait for futures. Futures are still meh but it still is better than weekend.
Never mind the mathematical reasons why not paying a mortgage off and keeping the money in the market is the right thing today.

The best investment is the one that lets you sleep at night (imo) and to know that no motherfucker is ever going to take your house or bed off you, is priceless.

Source: No motherfucker is ever going take my house.
So he bought puts instead of selling them.  Basically bet against the market.  Gay bears get what gay bears deserve.
Any thoughts on Doordash IPO later this month? This looks like an EASY 2 bagger unless they price the IPO retardedly high like SNOW.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.axios.com/doordash-ipo-filing-32608a73-38c4-4ede-8345-85b7bd3d515f.html
Shhhh
36B in gross profit in 11 years?  Nope.
Well, it certainly helps with peeing. 

Are you needing it to not be?
we are most def gonna see a dip towards end of year bud, search up jan effect, buy in at lows
All I want for Christmas is an MU beat
They will have a horrible rest of the season as karma for picking up AB lmao
When I really believe in a stock I usually buy twice as much as I can actually afford and pick at it selling fractions at a time every time I’m being a pussy... eventually once I got my initial investment back I just let the thing ride wherever it wants to go like if it’s Monopoly money
4mil!!! WTF! How much was the 1mil left with?
[removed]
This was the moment Peter Schiff watched the market to completion
Buy a nio
No
His TLDR: buy shares because it's trading at 40-50% off of book value based on 14.6% profit growth a year ago.

&#x200B;

Can you show proof of positions? 

&#x200B;

I don't think any insurance company ever can profit from selling LTC insurance.
Not true it wss 20th of March if you look at just aboit all stocks they rose to peaks before they crashed enabled the big dogs to get out with good profit
Dude lol
At least you didn’t buy puts for the next month like half this sub
Ban
Pic of position?
Yeah it's started statistically guessing words that are more likely based on the rest of the sentence, sometimes changing them 4 or 5 words later.
https://reut.rs/2K1ft3s

Does this try and ipo in the next few years?
As your username suggests, you know global central banks are dialing up inflationary pressure. I would rather use my resources in the market than lock in a 3% return from avoiding mortgage interest.
If you weren't in already then your probably too late
Do you think this cycle has a longer run in it or are we seeing the beginning of the end?
I went all in on like the first and second day of the crash with QQQ and SPYG shares (I didn't know enough about options then) I got destroyed in the next few weeks, but I still thought markets would recover. 2 weeks later I was a little more spooked, so I started buying a share of NOBL every day instead QQQ or SPYG, as I figured it was a safer investment long term to go with dividend growth. Then I also bought some shares of Boeing cause I figured they're too big to fail. Made out pretty decently. Wish I knew what I know about options now back then. But the best thing I did was to never sell. Only gay bears sell. Fuck all that.
Is this a coloring book for ppl who can't read numbers?
[deleted]
Should we tell him?
Sir, this is Wendy's
on some real shit..i am anticipatin this is going to happen again and was trying to compile a list of all the stocks that had the deepest crash as aresult of the lockdown

it looks like we are going to lockdown again. I have some decent amount of money saved for the exact same reason.
My penis has been flaccid all week, what do?
Jeff Bezos sold billions in shares when the stocks peaked in March just before the lockdosn and the crash happened. He then sold billions a day or 2 before the pfizer vaccine was announced and stocks rose across the board for just about every company APART from Amazon. Amazons share price dropped. How lucky ay?
[deleted]
Keeps me sharp.
What the fuck did you play?  Weeklies?  How many plays did it take to crash and burn this badly?  Did you not research other styles of option  plays?  $400,000 in fucking capital.  Jesus Christ I could milk that for the rest of my life with non-retarded options and not doing yolos.  Yolos are for the people who only have a couple hundred to a couple thousand to play and are looking to get to a point of having some real money to work with.
Investing.com fucking sucks. It’s been down all weekend. I just keep refreshing and futures are still  in the same spot.

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Future Dividend (plays that are sure to print - like a reliable dividend)
Grizzly Bear vs Silverback Gorilla (in an open field)

Who wins and why is it the bear?

[bear fight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmMBN8bpyzE&ab_channel=TeroPylkk%C3%A4nen)

[gorilla fight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T0z1CT-nR8&ab_channel=ShannonW.Olsen)
Great times! Let's pray they return
Unless it goes down from all time highs...
If this class is simply on financial fundamentals - you can write a pretty easy bull case for intel - it’s trading at x2 annual revenue, ~9 PE, 30% profit margin, pretty okay cash flow and current ratio. 3x asset to liability. If you also need to write a bear case for the company as well - you could write about growing competitors in the field, the CEO, declining quality of product, stagnating YOY growth, etc.
Being cash heavy is good. I’m in cash at the end of each day regardless. Also stop losses are great
Lmao why would you buy 1500 shares at the valuation then?
48
Stuck again in 140ish range should have bought at <130 one week ago
Focalin was the jam. Underrated.
im playing super sayan 3d tomorrow at 9:28 am max volume and dumping my entire acc in pltr calls
Can someone please translate this into Robinhood? Thanks
Upvote for the generosity of your comment, but the global financial regime will impose inflationary conditions for next 5 years plus.

It's probably better to hold money in the market right now, at least until next congressional election.
[deleted]
Spce to the moon
Correct. The dot com boom was something else because there was a shit ton of insider stuff going on. People exited positions with alot of "help". There wasn't Twitter or Facebook or tools for the novices who went all in and the ones who were better connected did well.
[deleted]
hand egg
and I'm always interested
First time I heard of virgin galactic I didn't know it had anything to do with space.
I dont. Its so easy to get upvotes, all you have to do it pump a meme stock and say stocks only go up.  I never understood downvoting someone that has  a different opinion on here, just read and keep it moving 🤷🏽‍♂️
I forget this the first time for a bunch of you.  It gets easier after you have been through it a few times.
For real though, I’m so scared my dad is on this sub. Dude man needs to be playing safe being so close to retirement. If he told me he YOLO’d 200k on KODK, I don’t know what I’d do.
[deleted]
Will we break 400 by Christmas or New Year's?
Literally no one charges commission on stocks anymore
it's odd they were public, then went private, and are now going public again

oh well, let's see
Gotta watch that one. As a bigger guy, im really interested in styles like Hearns or Foreman how they use contact to frame punches and control their opponent. His breakdowns of Lomachenko are awesome. That guy took it next level by blending the footwork with contact based techniques.
[deleted]
You don't belong here
RenTech is probably not a LT holder here, likely just following the momentum lol
This is the kind of dd I look for here
Yeah. Tough to put a price on the feeling of not owing anyone anything.
So did Tampa just forget how to play defense? Jesus.
Well if what you wanted to ask is if the Association of South East Asian Nations is bad for the US then the answer is also no. There are ten countries in ASEAN but 15 in RCEP including China.
The video is from eight days ago. Stock still went up. No need to watch the video
I passed the CFP on March 16th. 

I blame myself for all of this.
Lol this current cycle is going to create a new wave of rich arrogant fucks and sad people
As if that matters at all anymore
Why do people do this? Fomo and panic?
Where were the other drugs goin huh?
Huh what? I didn’t read the post.
Has anyone analyzed the correlation between Tweeekend Cow and the actual market?

Would be interesting to see
pay half, recast mortgage at these insanely low rates, use the other half to let ride back to where you are now....?
Great analysis. So you're saying I should buy calls expiring next week at $25 strike?
yes !! We need another crash, which gives us a reason to rally
This is gay bullish
The daily prayer to baba gods. Please don’t fuck up just go to 300 tomorrow and 400 by March
Im from Canada too but i didn't lose that much. No strategies just straight up calls and puts?
Good enough dd but it won't be received well here
You say that every week
Don't have time to finish reading right now, but thanks for the in depth look.  What do you expect to be the biggest catalyst to return to pre-covid sp, if covid is actually helping their bottom line right now?
fool
[deleted]
You might be ugly, but why not be ugly and fit
fax
sick, thanks for this!

Wish I lived there myself, maybe some day. Just from the price movements, it seems like the zeitgeist over there is that they have a phenomenal product that everyone really loves
[deleted]
Do people realize how much harder it is to reach orbit than pop into space for 5 minutes? Like at least 10x harder

The energy required to get to orbital altitude is 7% of the energy needed to get there AND actually orbit. 

And that doesn't even account for the much higher danger of needing to go 17,500 mph instead of terminal velocity for re-entry. 

Hypersonic human flight is a retarded idea.
Going to be one of the more interesting Futures nights
Sideways until mango calls it
i dont think a little turd can downvote more than once. its probably a group on discord just raiding with downvotes. who tf cares about downvotes anyway.
Shit my pants again
Spoiler alert: OP is the hooker
try 370
BAN
Based on ratio it is really 10-50% leveraged since most of my stock are spacs that haven’t listed(essentially a savings account with the chance to boom), and vix stock for leveraged that I can sell otm call options on for profit if I wanted to. I saw a self leveraged play 0dte that bank rolled.
You couldn't buy one stonk, just all options?
[removed]
palantir and rapid 7 will soon become my major investments, while i continue to play amazon fd's with max risk lol - i buy 10 otm and hold for a candle, usually scalp 1-2k during a run up. hop in rq and get out rq, small wins add up
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Vaccinestocks, Airlinestocks and where to invest your money now?

**URL:** https://redd.it/juqw2x
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juqw2x) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Dudeonfire22, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
oofoofoofhaha
shadowdog293
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Always payoff debt first
Positions and proof thereof
I liked and appreciated your post, thanks man. I might add to portfolio
Good job!
nothing better than the feeling of saggy skin and the friction of bony ribcages..
FYI RenTech is a quant algo HF with a short term time horizon and usually momentum driven, so they might’ve already sold the whole stake when GME spiked in October
Cause Thiel said they'd release a video of me jerking off in front of my PC if I didn't.
Not here but several relatives lost high 6 figures in real money and a doctor I know lost 7 figure paper gains during the dot com boom/bust.

The rich arrogant fucks you see today were the ones who sold before the crash. The sad people are the ones who didn't
Pretty sure!

Nice work, thank you.
so whats the real news on ant financial ?
Jesus, you can afford to drink?
Shroomie gang checking in
Deleted comment by a deleted user? Dang
Man I hope so
Not when there is zero portfolio diversity
Call me greedy or whatever but we need another crisis like this so I can make some money 😌
i buy long calls and fd's and stock, sometimes sell options but not with my whole account lol... if i could go back a month, id strictly sell options, prolly be less down but would be bagholding so many tech names
lookup the Lemon Tek, changed the way i trip
Long term probably hurts China the same way NAFTA hurt US. All those factory jobs getting shipped to Myanmar cuz free trade.
Its at ath and no stimulus til Jan with shutdowns looking and hospitals full. No vaccine in amounts that will make a difference til middle of next year. I Got spy December puts $250. $255. $245. Lyv Jan p $60. I'd do a Feb put on nio but the cost is too high.
If you built up enough in your brokerage/options fun account to pay off your mortgage, would you do it or just let it ride on boomer stocks? Keeping it in the market is mathematically the better move more than likely, but that psychological freedom of no mortgage is tempting.
Nah I understand this. It's kind of like being in shock when in a car accident. Eventually it'll hit but the short term you're pretty chill or in disbelief
👅👄👅
[they had to cancel all rocket development due to solvency issues. they’re offering corporate debt to fund operations again](https://youtu.be/ZZ5LpwO-An4)
[deleted]
You guys are sleeping on 10x genomics (TXG). 

It literally has 10x in the title
yep gotta lose within the same yr
I think Trump will lose every single challenge.  My understanding is also that Trump and party would have to foot the bill for the cost of any recounts. They are asking for donations but most of the money won't even go to the recounts. It is Trump just trying to cover his debts from the campaign.  Shady F*cker.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.politico.com/amp/news/2020/11/12/trump-fraud-claims-fundraising-436188

Rather, 60 percent of a donation up to that amount for Trump’s “Official Election Defense Fund” is routed to a new PAC started this week by the president that can pay for a wide range of activities — but is likely legally barred from spending on recounts, lawyers say. The remaining 40 percent goes to the Republican National Committee, which is allowed — but not required to — spend on the recount. Prior to Tuesday, the majority of a donation went to helping Trump’s campaign cover its debt.
I would very much like watching football and buying calls on Sunday. Will this ever be a reality?
11/20 SPY 353p.  Good luck today Elon
No the opposite
This is the way.
Love it. Let’s ride.
Intelligent investor is all you really need to read
Not rlly but ya know
Bro what the fuck is this? I can’t fucking read what FD’s do I buy?
december is when spac happens... im mostly betting on this increased spac hype to help boost it off its feet. Trust that e2 open has an advantage over sap n they arent direct competitors...i could give you the full dd but my fingers getting tired
Ok. Thank you
i was weak as f.
dont worry i will
Pics?
What dates/strikes on your leaps and purchase price?
Yes. It kinda felt like the black plague was coming and I was scared. Lessons learned.
Thank you. What I was looking for
is that good or bad thing ?
My bad - I meant 1 merchandiser per platform. So the merchandiser (let’s say Nike) can only use one of Alibaba, JD.com, Amazon.cn to sell all their products. it’s still not fully defined as to what this monopoly rule would fully entail as it’s not fully defined but this was a possible regulation that proposed.
lol not sarcastic op, i’ve been watching cvs for a while too and noticed sum heavy unusual buys that even unusual whales called, heavy call but volume with almost no hedges
What’s a didinvend?
4 more hrs till we blast off to 365 open lol
lol not sarcastic op, i’ve been watching cvs for a while too and noticed sum heavy unusual buys that even unusual whales called, heavy call but volume with almost no hedges
r/investing
are u this guy ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNRtKdOCMqE
Cool thesis but i don’t touch insurance companies myself
I don’t know how you can day trade at all without doing it on a real platform - Schwab, TD, Etc...  the price action you could miss on Robinhood is sad - no market depth data either.
This will be the week I either win back everything I lost over the past year, or lose another 10k. Wish me luck!
Damn does anyone else's autocorrect change words that are literally English words. I tried typing the word 'rating' and it autocorrected for 'eating' even though I didn't spell it wrong. Puts on apple.
A couple making millions but hundreds losing thousands😂
My heart just stopped
[removed]
Apes together strong.
I thought I was the only one with no friends..
And their stock is at an ath. 😭😭😭
[removed]
Same, but I knew in my heart he was just retarded
Yes sir
You will be surprised.
[deleted]
This is the way
Yea, get some puts in case it crashes, it'll pop the wedge from the bottom all the way to 10$
Ive noticed that whoever the little turd is that downvotes everyone is not here on the weekend. They must lose money during the week and come here to downvote the slightly less retarded.
If we green tomorrow. Going all in on VXX calls a month out.
I always always say this: if a person was good at trading, they wouldn’t waste their time for a meager $60/mo (or whatever the subscription fee is). They could make much more money by trading.

Those who do not know how to trade, sell you these courses.
Wait until that stimmy comes around and we see the DXY at 80 again. We're all playing with monopoly money here.
ZM back to $500 this week gayboi
[deleted]
Yeah... fuck Comcast.
G’ME that 100
Vipboxe
If you bought 100 shares of Apple that day how much would you have made within a week?
Analytics through Algorithms and AI from what I can tell. Good for analyzing huge sets of data. Alot of potential.
Are you a trust fund baby?
Watch the 10 year treasury note. It's the most important market in the world right now. If yields continue to climb all sorts of rebalancing is going to continue to unfold. The if they stabilize or head back down (most likely, money printer go brrrrr) it will act as a tailwind to stonks.
That’s because I haven’t lost 1mil

👁👅👁
PLTR will print millions. That's it..
Glhf
It’s what George costanza wears
Thats fucking retarded poor dude that got left with blue balls
What article?
[deleted]
I just had to google it. I thought people have been saying Roblox was going to IPO as a joke. Had no idea they were serious
Im also betting things will get changed in court, its only 125 so no biggie if i lose
Can’t believe in March I looked at the stock app on iPhone and just laughed how bad the markets were tanking FML I was just laughing at mango when I should’ve started investing
Nice harvest. Biden doesn't tax autists.
[deleted]
Why are you pumping pltr ?
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I see a bunch of stuff on joining theta gang...
They only do it where the air sucks I was in Guangzhou/HK a long time and masks weren't so common.
[deleted]
It’s MOM
HULK BLOOD
I’m an asshole and bought Li shares at $39. Should I hold that shit or just cut my losses and buy some hookers
“Virgin galactic gateway to space”

LOL PUTS
Gay Bear.
I believe that those percentages of loss margins are mostly logistics and human ressources concerns right ?
You space bulls make NIO and other China companies look like a safe investment
How big was your bet, because you will lose it.

I don't believe a recount has EVER changed the outcome.
I got some 160c weeklies just hoping for those walmart + numbers are good.
Nah lol because I started right then, did well with my initial test plays, and promptly got fucked when I diamond handed puts on the whole ride up
Yo NIO I'm really happy for you, I'mma let you finish. But PLTR has just started the most epic pump of all time.
College you say?

This isn't the first time you've wasted your money.
All the accounts like this trying to sell you $60/ mo options groups are probably scams.

I don't know how advertisements work, but whenever I see one of theirs, I always click it to try and waste their money.
Just throw a g on some vxx calls a few weeks out.

They will print.
Mega chad
This is the way
Not sure, but multiple people have made millions. So we’re ahead and maybe not as dumb as everyone thinks 🤑
Not selling until may 3078
[deleted]
Check my posts
This is Microsoft’s second or third heyday though.
>goes far beyond these niche companies

How do you feel about BYD? Would you consider them niche or more of a general major player?
already had/have that
How do you have so much money to throw away?
Could have been pharma?
My buddy walked up to this girl as she was dancing with another guy. He pulls out his phone with the keypad open, and she puts her number in as she still dancing with that dude

They smashed in his car like an hour later lol
Train hop from major city to major city
[deleted]
What price did you buy it at? Sell this before earnings
📲 it’s for you, Margin is calling
take adderall and then assess if you need the SSRI.
[Found your gay comment at the right moment](https://imgur.com/a/XXkP2d0)
Chess guy is chill
SPY new ATH this week confirmed
Thanks. from looking at the chart, its been consolidating in a wedge pattern since February.. to break out it needs a good reason, otherwise it bounces off (downwards in this case), probably the vague news was just that. now its right on the trendline and could very well have it this time
>	no electricity for 3-7days

What kind of movies are you watching?
Limit downs right at the 9:30 market open too during the first few days...
Dunno but there was one guy that made 700k and then lost it all.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.foxbusiness.com/politics/asean-china-other-partners-set-worlds-biggest-trade-pact.amp
Pics
Legit or is this for the laughs?
So bears hibernate till 2030?
Yes, the GME guy
Don’t get covid like Elon
I had directvnow for a year at $35 a month. Ended up cancelling it because I can't justify spending $35 for something where I can get the content free through antenna, youtube and the apps of each network. 

I never had cable as a kid (too poor) but I had it between 2008-2012 and the bill  then was like $170 a month for all three services. With that shit basically at just internet for $40 a month now I'm happy af
OP's other comments:

> Not fake dear fellow trader.. I wish it was paper money. I have been devastated and went through a depression like phase for months due to continuous losses. I was chasing losses but could never really recover and the core strategy was to buy short term puts. Retrospectively, the worst strategy in the biggest bull and bubble market of all times.

and:

> Absolutely not rich parents. They are lower middle class. All of these was my hard earned money over 10 plus years. Retard and impulsive decisions.. Like a gambling addiction. Took me a long time to realize what I was getting myself into. Too late to little.

and:

> No inherentance but all of that was my hard earned money that I earned and saved over 10 years. I'm fking retarded to lose it all. Will take a lifetime to recover but I'll post when I do recover.

This sub normalises problem gambling.
don't think you're getting that new car today
Me
What if my portfolio was 50% nio 50% pltr
No he has bynd$ calls
STO NIO 33p 11/20
I don't know why I read that as pennies.
Anything better than Dementia Joe and Heels Up Harris
well i think what i have is actually /dextroamphetamine?  an enantiomer if it makes a difference?  but yeah that’s something to consider.  fact sheet said it isn’t usually recommended unless, etc.
futures flat, the ass is phat
Robinhood daily routs more orders than any other broker, long only?tf cares its 2020 stonks only go up.
Grindr and with your warm asshole
Consoles are loss leaders. They make money off of selling games. The scalper bots that cornered the market don't buy games for all the consoles they're hoarding.

Man, I just wanted to blow off a week of PTO playing some vidya this month. Don't think I can pull that off in December when my team's coverage is spotty.
Ha I was just getting into options when this happened and I was way too bullish along with everyone else here.

Best decision I made was also buying a bunch of BA shares. I think we’re starting to see it’s recovery this month
My first bear markets...was wonderful experience.
My birthday. I remember it all to well.
Market don’t give a shit fuck your puts
No because idiots meme it thanks to chamath tha god, but one day it will go to zero, long after all the scamsters get rich.
Saw a post of someone losing over 400k... that’s insane. Has anybody ever lost a mill here?
[deleted]
" I’m trying to avoid sucking dick for a living for much longer"

Fixed that for you
Dont believe made up stuff like that
Holy shit. Is that you, Dad?
S&P will be cheap at 4000 but expensive at 2000
Tom Brady doesn’t invest, he just keeps making money
BLOOD MOTHERFUCKEN GREEN WATCH !!
NVDA calls, but also spy puts
[deleted]
This is the way
This is the way.
If people care half as much now, should it still be as bad as March since we have more than double those daily cases? Maffs?
YouTube tv is dope too
No something better
*Also WSB:* The money hasn’t fixed my crippling addiction or friendlessness. This is my new home.
Space mining lmao
Dead after that article came out
Only you can answer that, list your top 3 places
RCEP you mean. No near term impact.
One stonk went up bigly this week.
Fuck u.
2021 memefolio: PLTR, Airbnb, Roblox, Wish
https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1328038051298365442?s=19

Nearly 60,000 new deaths were reported this week, making it the deadliest week of the pandemic.

(If anyone was wondering if deaths are also increasing)
If the stock is at 164.50 and the nov 11/27 $165 calls or $164 puts cost more than $164 or $165 I won’t buy it. If it is less than the $165 I will buy it more than half the time, even if I don’t like it just to use it as leverage based on industry.
Fuck China, they will always play catch-up to America, remember one thing, they buy our food and we buy their trinkets. Last time I checked you couldn’t eat plastic, or I wouldn’t recommend it
Tell me you sell options
Say goodbye to all your money
I thought his hedge was in regards to corporations credit drying up
Puts on Pfizer? https://nypost.com/2020/11/14/biden-cancer-initiative-spent-millions-on-payroll-zero-on-research-report/
Tom Brady invests in bonds
PREACH!!!

PLTR boys stand the fuck up!
Great for my JD calls. Lol
If you're trading stocks I agree. Td ameritrade is much better
The answer?

>!Margin!<
Rather buy SRAC
Happy birthday to me!
Where is the spce gang
if j could give h reeaward j willl
Talk dirty to me.
You got the concede part down.
[removed]
The day I lost my job! 🙃
“A recent jenkem-fueled all-nighter” ... that’s all I need for DD
SPCE puts?
#REDRUM
We have the solution, but what's the problem.
No we need to use meth and cocain to think clear about this 


Cathy is the brains 🧠 behind ark and  why it did good

Bro if we ain’t high how can we expand or thinking to 3-D global transcending limits??


Why the fuck are we sobor!!

We need drugs man !!!

To see what GODS see!!!!
That's what the hugest, smartest people have said powerfully.
[deleted]
WSB: It's just money, bro!

Also WSB: How the fuck am I going to pay my rent, student loans, buy groceries...?
Exactly they were shorting way below $25
Kinda impressive you failed at such a steady rate. Almost like it was inevitable lol
Tom Brady probably has NIO calls
[deleted]
Yeah but the movement was still insane on a lot of days
[deleted]
[12/18](https://youtu.be/5GgflscOmW8)
They’re not all going to become athletes though are they? I know a few gamers and the pandemic did not affect their lifestyle choices whatsoever. They were in a dark room before Covid and they’ll be in one after the vaccine.
Bro are u serious, do even the minimum due diligenc,e this is a copy paste from something from october, are you a fucking joker, saying BIAS??? wtf https://www.newsweek.com/alibaba-business-dominance-china-ant-financial-sun-art-retail-1540176
ya fucking mook
Sick of hearing Dementia Joe and Heels Up Harris
There were certain days where it really went crazy

Like on the 21/22 (I think?) I'd buy puts at open and they'd double up reeeeeally fast
[literally the DAY she got the mod](https://web.archive.org/web/20200222034132/https://finviz.com/)
You know, I just watched his Holyfield video and I think my buddy replicates Holyfield and not Mayweather now. I always thought my buddy was a Mayweather boxer because of how much he talks about pretty boy, but I am 99% sure it is Holyfield now especially from the shoulder bopping technique my buddy taught me and Mayweather does not use.
never taken them before.. hmm, i’ll see.  not at all like the memes about having a crumb of serotonin? lol
me, lol y u wanna pay commission
[deleted]
What the hell is Gore-Tex doing that they’ve been able to keep the best waterproof gear on lockdown for decades? That makes no sense.
No
No balls, no kids either
in a bar?
I started last week with 19’s now I have $22s and $24s
[deleted]
Buy high, sell low; guess they didn't want to wait for the next bottom
a put here, a call there
No such thing as IV crush
Lookieme lookime noob if you're buying zoom calls. You will get rekt by the market next week again noobs.
Chads
SQQQ did great on this day
Call positions?
PCG
lol
SSRIs suck for your pecker - but can help you get out of a funk.  Adderall, focalin, concerts, etc are all awesome.
No such thing as IV crush.

That shit should be my flair.
[deleted]
Who the fuck puts 400k in a Robinhood account? Even my measly 30k went into Etrade
You could buy every house for sale in the connected town for $1.2M. There’s no way any smart educated rocket man could live in this area for more than a week without offing themselves or taking on a wicked meth habit.
NVDA calls, spy puts
Pre-sales for PS7 will be same time you get your PS5
I love how sharp the picture is on my antenna while watching football. When I had cable it looked like shit but cutting the cord was literally the best choice ever. 

Fuck cmcst
Li📈
So buy puts on spy and puts on qqq
PFE (vaccine), SLV (stimmy), PLTR (tracking down civilian activists)
Been prescribed SSRIs before. It doesn’t make you “happy.” It just makes you numb and not feel anything. Biggest setback.  

How did you manage to get adderall?
this is olld
Plz
 🧻 🙌
You can easily do better then inflation
Oh you mean like holding it to the card reader 🤦🏼‍♂️ please excuse my autism lol
Seriously!
I wish you all a profitable week. What move are you planning for tomorrow?
Budget and save money
long term it would be a money maker

&#x200B;

but the test flight this month can crush it a bit..

&#x200B;

leaps is the best bet
Wow really? Thanks didnt notice
More interested in what his spac acquisition is gonna be
More like stone on grandma!
Puts on Ford?
Jeff Saut?
When is Roblox going public
How big is your account
Yes yes yes. Thinking of selling at open once it peaks.
This was in Atlanta, Georgia at an outdoor event.
I did the first part but was brainwashed into being a perma bear in the process. Lost all my gains in april-june
Before they listed I wasn't planning on investing in them given the age of the company and that they don't make money.

Torn on what to do now.
Strike and date?
im jk lol balls deep in baba calls
He has pretty eyes
Nov 20 rocket goes “poof” and so do the stonks
Throw all of your money into $ ARKK  and stop trading.  You are not worthy
gold
I'm not sure what exactly they are, but from my experience biotech companies oftentimes do whatever the hell they want irrespective of the market. They're just volatile.
**Anti-DD**  
Here’s their HQ in New Mexico:  
https://www.google.com/maps/place/Virgin+Galactic+Gateway+to+Space,+Truth+or+Consequences,+NM+87901/@32.990281,-106.9751533,17z/  
A literal butthole with 6 parking spots.  
  
You can buy the 20acre plot next door for $400k.  

Only thing they’ve made is a bullshit glider. Spacex they are not. Meme dreams they are.  
  
Space is a scam.
[deleted]
all i see is bull call talk
Probably but she didnt seem bothered at all
Damn Dog you know hella words
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** 5,700% Return on 1 Put at height of COVID panic

**URL:** https://redd.it/jupj20
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jupj20) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/kevers429, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
MadejustforWSB
I don’t play options, have enough capital to only play shares and still be profitable
Mmmm... You SOB...im in!!
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I had calls throughout that period and I could not find any news whatsoever so i kept holding. My thinking is that when they first announced that their test flight was going to take place "later this fall" and said the window for that opens on Oct 23rd, it was a pretty vague announcement and while initially the stock went up as BoA and and other insitutions raised the price targets and said some good things about the company, nothing much happened in October, so the hype was going down, and during earnings they finally set the nov19-23 date for the flight. Also, there were some reports/articles speculating that Richard Branson needed cash for one of his other companies so there could be dilution( which didn't happen). Apart from that, nothing significant happened to SPCE for it to drop like it did.
Anybody here been prescribed SSRIs and adderall at the same time?  Likely going to be my situation soon and it sounds nice.
Possibly
Stock sentiment too bullish imo. Buying puts
SPY has more frequent expiries
Confirmation bias. Thanks !
februwhat?
How? It literally just happened last night
I’m at like 180k losses but still playing lol
Holy fuck.. Excel not responding is more annoying that those NIO shills last week
Nio.
**WSB Trading 101**

-Read weekend thread from Friday afternoon until 6am Monday

-Wallow from the incorrect moves you made Friday EOD during Monday PM

-Panic buy/sell at open

-Get reamed after your Friday position was actually correct but you were unable to hold this Friday expiration for longer than 5 minutes

-Rebuy into your position only to have it fall 10% immediately afterwards

-Hold your moves all week because your emotional

-Sell your position at a 65-75% loss Thursday EOD

-Buy $ROPE Friday morning when the option you sold is now +75%

-Repeat
\*\*EVEN WHEN THEY DON'T THEY DO. IT'S THE LAW OF GOING UP
How you gonna deny /u/SeductiveScrotum like that.
You son of a bitch I’m in.
I cant make this shit up
priced in
There aren't any "secrets" any more than there are to being a professional poker player.
You must be holding puts.
Stimmy talks + mutiple incoming vaccine pumps vs exponentially rising covid cases (upcoming holidays and protests) + lockdowns. 

Who wins?
Images update so slow though
Won’t work this time.  Never go full retard...
Double down
get you a line up like plntr, pcpl(spac), rapid 7, and baba
This aint it, champ
I feel you bro..... making gains requires keeping losses in perspective and looking ahead rather than back.  Tough to do.  When I have it figured out, I will let you know. ;)
Alex Karp 2028

I'd write him in 2024 but I'll prob still be buying leaps then.
Can't go tits up..
crack streams
Thats fake and that site is sketchy as fuck. No chinese site is reporting this.
[removed]
A three week period where I turned £2k into £11k while playing with my phone in meetings 🥰
Or maybe she was terrified and in shock?
Guys it’s priced at 27x revenue. (1 billion in revenue with a 27 billion market cap)

Whoever bought it at $10 congrats but that was a big risk too. 

Please do your research (even for a full Saas company) very few trade over 20x revenue.
fun fact, in japan they love to do forex
those who believe in space like that...are full blown retarded
tesla dont really move like it used to anymore. spacex wow factor is also kinda played out now so yeh
yea that happened
TLDR: msft sold out of series x and is giving stimulus to its customers. MSFT calls
Nikola would be the easiest to write about as they have no fundamentals.
Hope so, I've got 17c for the 20th
Only 8 million.. dude did 40% roi. Lmao even the Tiktokkers outperformed that with one week of tesla.
Vaccine bad for stay at home gamers no?
I'm still no wiser lol, then again I don't understand 'cloud solutions' either so who am I kidding.
Or live as a legend..
true, but it seems like JD, PDD, TNCT and others are doing well, and the main dif between them and alibaba is jack ma's big mouth... smart money trades off of these over reactions, baba is too pivotal to chinese economic success to kil
Ew man
STONKS ONLY GO UP. ESPECIALLY PLTR
Did you fart
Snap calls. Got it. Thanks 🙏
China: trade talk going really well
Shares purchased Friday afternoon
[removed]
I tried shorting this fucker after seeing the profit taking on evs, it held up nicely
Imagine thinking that would make an impact
Too many bear comments in this thread. You're only encouraging Jerome, fellas.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ayo, china economy booming mayne, massive asia trade deal will only help
The irony....
Wondering how you came out on this I know this jumped up from your average price pretty good for a minute?
Bro i been searching that shit is fake so far. Searching chinese sites no news of IPO back on.
🍑🌈🐻
Sigh... I want it to rise I just don’t think it hits 49 tomorrow. God this sub gives me aids sometimes.

I’m STO NIO 33p 11/20
That makes sense, but won't there be a "stand back from falling knives" first, and then an aggressive buy back to push that V even faster?

I agree it won't crash as fast or as far, and maybe I'm just flat wrong. We shall see!
The day i knew what truly a chad was, was when me and buddy were talking to this super hot chick and out of nowhere mid conversation he  reaches out and starts playing with her tits and she let him, all while smiling. POSSIBLY the awkwardest moment of my life! At that moment I realized that what separates the men from the bois.
https://washingtonnewsday.com/finance/alibaba-secures-two-important-business-deals-and-maintains-its-dominance-in-china/

Lol we can all post articles that confirms our bias. Fuck off
Probably great growing up rich in some ways, but you cant put a value on seeing the world from the bottom up. You look at a guy like Elon, hyper brilliant, yet his lack of real world experience makes him seem like a teenager at times. Most rich people have a soft, doughy look about them, even when theyre super fit. Living your life on easy mode from birth makes you weak in certain respects. If I get rich at this point in my life I would feel grateful for my hard, shitty past as it would give me insight and make me strong and really appreciate the money.
Robinhood is RIGGED! If you only count my good trades my portfolio WON big! By allowing illiquid assets to be traded on its platform they RIGGED the market against US! My portfolio will be green in the end. I CONCEDE NO losses!
Oh I am not touching baba lol but I read somewhere a week ago that they said half a year is the earliest they would list them lol
[deleted]
Same brother.

I think we're about to roll into a massive FUCK off big cold war with them (we already are), but i think the economic aspects of it are really kicking up.

Also their shits manipulated as fuck, and I cant stand the culture of the CCP. I think all the china companies should be delisted. Pumping/putting money into NIO is literally treason IMO.
[deleted]
F
Ok and? https://washingtonnewsday.com/finance/alibaba-secures-two-important-business-deals-and-maintains-its-dominance-in-china/
I dropped like 12gs and Im fucking rich kittiies..
Don't we want him to spread this even more so?.?? The market can tank again we ride it down and ride it back up as in last year
This mango circus is going to drag on for two more months...I'm so sick of hearing about him.
Loss porn at its finest
Positions?
[deleted]
If you’re selling puts, you’d want the price to rise so you can exit out of your position quicker. Unless you have a really low strike price, tho again, the price rising would benefit you.
You son of a bitch I’m in.  350p 12/18 it is
Funeral parlors
I know lol but they are so overpriced you have to be an idiot to hold them 😂😂
That's not what I said. Alibaba revenue comes from Chinese buyers. China's economy thrives on exports which fuels their middle classes paychecks.

Over the last decade americans have spent a fortune on goods (mostly on credit but w/e) and china benefits because most of those goods are made there. So every dollar that america spends or doesn't spend impacts their gdp.
Ya I was wondering how many tax brackets I jump
Definitely PRPL or GME....they'll definitely be around in 100 years
That’s exactly what they are doing. Funds are tracking WSB, Robinhood, etc to front run retail trades, then more retail traders fomo into the stock and it balloons. It’s why PLUG, NIO etc have gone parabolic
E2Open has that network capability and sits on top of the SAP/Blue Yonder/ Oracle supply chain platforms that companies use and uses its network and integration tools to synchronize the data and roll it up into a comprehensive front-end dashboard that has encompasses your entire supply chain from upstream to downsteram
My nutz are now musky
Beautiful
[removed]
SAP can pull data from your own individual supply chain but it can’t integrate that information with data from other supply chain partners in your stream
Puts on MSFT. They're giving $50 to everyone who tried buying a Xbox Series X at launch day on the Microsoft Store because they mis-advertised backorders arriving on December 23 as two day deliveries arriving on November 12.

Fuck this shit man. I would've camped out at a Target on launch day and would not have sold my Xbox One if I knew I was going to have to wait a month and a half for the new console to arrive.
And SAP does do supply chain management but it doesn’t have as much cloud capabilities and it’s not  quite the same as E2Open’s offering
💦💦💦
Ty. Positions?
Shut hp
Ark is not a long term hold lol they are investing in the hype and would be left holding bags in the end lol
Ok I just blew up my room doing the most powerful spell tomorrow my calls on Netflix should print New York shall announce lockdowns around 10:00pm
Thanks. Will it still be impacted if it’s ITM within the spread. Let’s say break even is at 575 and price after ER is 590?
Congrats
At the end of the day man it is just money. A steady job and a good wife and kids is really all that matters when you think about it. If you have the right family they won't care if you're millionaire's or broke. Just keep a roof over their head and food on the table and safe/reliable transportation and you're good for life man trust me.
Santa is communist red and he give away free shit like a socialist
[removed]
so little of baba revenue comes from usa dude wtf u talm bout? baba sells cheap goods straight from the manufacturer...
Holy shit this [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/WhitePeopleTwitter/comments/jukuko/and_great_retirement_pensions/gce567o/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)

Calls on google maps
I bought these over the course of a couple months some are up a lot some are down. I did it as a hedge. If it goes down maybe something happens in the future that creates the gain I’m looking for.
Crushed. Sell a put credit spread if you don’t want to be IV crushed.
Trump will let corona spreading around and in January Biden will send US into a total shutdown
PLTR is similar to FEYE... stay away
No sir, this is your mother's house
I’d at least go back for that one pending stock.
Worth every dollar😩
I’m selling puts
Yeah, pharmacists get PAID. Maybe I should have gotten an actual medical degree instead of counseling haha. Congrats though! No easy feat
It is undervalued, but it is hindered by the fact that it is a chinese stock and many investors wont touch it. It could very easily stay undervalued
I might feel bad for all the taxes I’m going to have to pay when PLTR blasts off 🚀
[deleted]
could be? cop 2023 long calls, they wont disappoint
Bulls and Bears all lived through this day. We'll be talking about it for ages to come.

Absolutely insane.
[deleted]
We know who holds puts now 🤣
Yeah but that didnt double up in an hour either
Not that I’ve found. Yeah it usually happens on a cross divergence, but can happen significantly earlier. Options prices are based around the bid/ask spread of the stock. If there are no bids then the call will be more expensive, and if there are no sell orders the puts will be more expensive.
ur only in wsb meme stonks lol
Puts at open and on everything
Do you think JPow is having a sick weekend, or do you think he’s F5ing WSB to plan out his next move?
Santa will be a super spreader this year. Proud boys better get on their rooftops to shoot him down.
Look at all the red squares, and yall still saying that Trump lost. Checkmate liberals
Stop...I can only get so erect
It dampens the blow, but yes you will see an effect. add vega of the two different options and that will tell you how much you will be impacted
Bro amazing show
its oky brother, same my march and april got clapped so hard that i sold hahah but i got some back on firday
WSB autist acts as financial advisor for grandma during one of the most buck-wild volatile markets in the last century... literally can't go tits up.
This is what dreams are made of
They do pay you hella but yeah I feel you
The discovery show? Lol I can’t remember last time I watched it but I was also Addicted to it at one point lol
I bought 1 CCL put for $50 and sold it for $1800 a month later
who else has a bad feeling about tomorrow?
Website is legit. I hope bc I got calls
Company sounds like shit. 

I'm in.
I fucking hope so. My 1/15/21 270$ calls I've been holding have been bleeding to fucking death but I still believe it's going to print
Autists are smart
Understandable

All in SPY call
You could be right
Bear week ahead.
Thank you
Seal him off in the basement like the Chinese did during covid
We live deep inside you 🌈 🐻
Big gay. Never gonna crash. Peeps waiting with big dick money to buy calls and stonks at the next dip.
Cant wait to get my PS5 in 2025 🙂
>11/27

Did you close???
No, cuz last time it v-shaped recovered, so people gonna be buying the dip this time, so thus there might be a red market but it won't drop off a cliff
If futures are green suck my peen, if futures red give me head
You got any shrooms?
I see a couple of green stonks, what were they?
SAP kinda does the same thing but not really. And the reason SAP got clapped is for a number of company-specific things. First, sap noted that they’re seeing increased demand for their cloud conversions, even within their core on-premise customer base. This was viewed negatively bc SAP had previously though their legacy/maintenance customers would continue their buying behavior while ether saw cloud growth in other products like Concur—bc of this increase in shift to cloud conversions, this implies a mid-single digit decline rate in their existing maintenance customer base which suggests that fy21 and fy22 will likely see no revenue growth (possibly declines) as they go through the license to subscription transition. Also, because of this expedited timeline, SAP’s cloud business which usually runs at a ~70% gross margin will now take a hit bc of increased R&D spend to push delivery and maintain feature function parity with the move to cloud to meet the new timeline its customer demand has laid out. The second is that SAP has had a lot of C-level turnover which has caused it to struggle to message the story to the street—their longtime CEO bill mcdermott left last October and was replaced with Co-CEO’s, but one of the dual CEO’s left abruptly in April leaving just on CEO. The third thing is the concur product—concur is basically their cloud crown jewel product, it’s basically an expense platform and tho it’s cloud based it took a hit bc of less business travel and less things being expensed so it saw a worse than guided rebound. Given that this was propped up as their flagship cloud venture and it saw underwhelming growth, it was a big blight on the Cloud story SAP had been putting out
Buy that dip boys
SAP kinda does the same thing but not really. And the reason SAP got clapped is for a number of company-specific things. First, sap noted that they’re seeing increased demand for their cloud conversions, even within their core on-premise customer base. This was viewed negatively bc SAP had previously though their legacy/maintenance customers would continue their buying behavior while ether saw cloud growth in other products like Concur—bc of this increase in shift to cloud conversions, this implies a mid-single digit decline rate in their existing maintenance customer base which suggests that fy21 and fy22 will likely see no revenue growth (possibly declines) as they go through the license to subscription transition. Also, because of this expedited timeline, SAP’s cloud business which usually runs at a ~70% gross margin will now take a hit bc of increased R&D spend to push delivery and maintain feature function parity with the move to cloud to meet the new timeline its customer demand has laid out. The second is that SAP has had a lot of C-level turnover which has caused it to struggle to message the story to the street—their longtime CEO bill mcdermott left last October and was replaced with Co-CEO’s, but one of the dual CEO’s left abruptly in April leaving just on CEO. The third thing is the concur product—concur is basically their cloud crown jewel product, it’s basically an expense platform and tho it’s cloud based it took a hit bc of less business travel and less things being expensed so it saw a worse than guided rebound. Given that this was propped up as their flagship cloud venture and it saw underwhelming growth, it was a big blight on the Cloud story SAP had been putting out
0%
I still have nightmares about my MSFT 200C expiring that week
SPAC is the new Ponzi scheme
Why risk such a large amount of money with such a small amount of knowledge?
It's right there. They derisked their BS in 2019.
Accessibility = efficiency = speed
[deleted]
Yes that’s the article I’ve also seen, but that news in there about Sun Art and Baba is from 10/18, so who knows right now.
Baba has upside but their fate is tied to the Chinese economy which relies heavily on exports. If americans don't have money to spend on their goods then how will their middle class have money to spend on alibaba.

They don't have a jerome powell over there raining credit  down like he's oprah.
I made my money on that piece of shit trash. No complaints here man. Cool set the reminder. I give no fucks. I will make my money here as well and dip out. Might not hold it’s gains but I am making the cash.
Chances of NIO at least touching 49 tomorrow ?
I didn’t know anything about it outside it was American EV that was real cheap unfortunately and all my money was tied up in PLTR and MU.
Will I still get IV crushed after NVDA ER if I buy a call debit spread tomorrow buy 560c and sell 600c for 01/21?
And MSFT is not one of them
Heartily agree with most, although my personal risk level is much higher than yours. What on earth do you mean by "
If you have to pay more than the price of 1 stock for a weekly option" ?
 I have never seen an option priced higher than 1 share.
Please explain your wording.
Many thanks for your effort!
damn, brb that was hawt
$Snow lol.
They were suppose to add 11.2 mil of shares somewhere at the end of November.
[deleted]
Love watching my options get iv crushed on weekends
Unless the contract had such parameters such as method of transport, or beginning and end destination; then no.
[removed]
old ahh news boy, buy now
its enough, have fun trying to find one at the $400 price tag though
I'm here. We need something to happen been so fuckin boring lately
You can say whatever you want if you just want to be unhelpful. But the accepted industry standard has been around $100 million in revenue for at least 30 years

Literally google “revenue to ipo” and every article mentions $100 million as the rule of thumb for more acceptance by investors and of course says it could vary

Doesn’t mean you can’t be successful with less but it’s a very small percentage of IPOs because the fees and compliance requirements work against you without scale to absorb them
Lol it’s still up 4K in the past month
No way my ADD ass could be a trucker. They'd have to pay me hella. I hate driving.
Ok adding more GME weeklies
its just money dude... the system obv has a death grip around ur balls, have fun saving while we see gme guy ride to valhalla
Is SoftBank hiring?
Man even a 14% increase won’t help my December calls but hoping fo recoup what I lost by picking up some BABA and JD January calls
so when do we think is gonna be the next market crash? really want to make a retarded amount of money.
[removed]
I’m not lol. Idk why challenging wsb to chess is bad... in the weekend thread... where it literally says in the thread to shitpost... 

But everyone rather talk about some dumb shit no one cares about
They'll probably just leave him in there and he'll get to be president for 4 more years.
Is this DD? He said  litteraly nothing  informative? Just a bunch of nonsense PT and what not?
It is but there's typically no penalty if you have more than $25k in your account.
I could picture the expanse of graphs stretching across multiple displays scattered on a craigslist desk.
Santa has his sled every kid knows that😂😂
Buy HIBL if you think this is true
What the fuck is this shit?
Ridiculous. Just shows you how much of the game is mental
Its a coping mechanism.
Just be a trucker
Too long to read, skipped to the comments for the spark notes.
These people are the same CDO managers in the big short.
[deleted]
baba, even without ant group, is undervalued, change my mind
Just posted article with nov 15 date

https://washingtonnewsday.com/finance/alibaba-secures-two-important-business-deals-and-maintains-its-dominance-in-china/

Can’t confirm with any other sources
It’s not enough get back to that Wendy’s dumpster and make more money
it's "E2Open", not "et open"

https://s1.q4cdn.com/673545953/files/doc_presentations/2020/10/2020.10_E2open-Investor-Presentation.pdf

seems interesting, but competition is there with SAP, which is huge
Year 2050 still waiting for the GME Short squeeze bruh
The feds gonna escort him out, simple as that
Go on your robinhood profile and just keep pressing control z till you’re back at your peak
yessir, i got mine at close on friday, when baba recovers 14% over night one of these nights, gonna make some bag holders rich asf
Nice 😎
Road today. I much prefer mtb though. This time of the year in Southern AZ is beautiful riding weather.
11/27 350p Checking in and ready to stick my pee pee right into that trap
https://washingtonnewsday.com/finance/alibaba-secures-two-important-business-deals-and-maintains-its-dominance-in-china/

Is this real or bullshit. Posted right now
Biden and Mango become roomies and run the country together, fall in love and start a family 😍
But if we split half the rent is that still as bad?
Vipleague
So pretty
I can’t believe how cavalier people are with their losses.
Get a van. Travel around the country. Truck stop to truck stop, turning tricks for dime bags.
For what? If they say to stop I will lol
The time frame is more of the new news people have been thinking it would be a short delay, just wanted to clarify it might be way longer .and id you're trying to play BABA based on the ipo get much further out calls
its retarded tho, people on here dont fucking know anything about options, only buying calls and puts and crazy FD's and the new retards think that is how. options work, and it cant be further from the truth. Options well give you alot of options on how to invest and trade your money, people are ignorant and dont give a fuck about educating themselves about trading options and then simply claim its a gamble. if you started or invested into business of any kind without any fucking knowlage about certain field you would lose money even quicker.
SBE is the new PLUG
Who is a snow holder 😂
You got it bro! Happy investing/trading!
I bought based on everything I laid out in the post, but the indicators look good to me, and if we get good news from the Moderna trial, the entire market will pop
Where’s Jayden?
Everything’s red because it’s coated in Caesar’s fresh lost blood
yo bro, id protect you more but it seems like you really really want to get banned...is this your scheme for flair? cuz then shiiiieeettt, im in
Tennis💀💀
Dude... Do you even understand what it does? This is far less controversial than traditional vaccines.
Lmao eventually mods are probably gonna ban you bro, I didn’t report or anything but just sayin
I'm just waiting for the guy who made it and owns billions to suddenly wake up.
FCEL
Apple
what event is happening on 11/20? with jpow or something im not sure
You ain't about that life.
Got it January calls coming up this Monday
Good Lord. how many wheels flew out of that explosion
Yeah sure! He has 100 millions in his account and he is pumping his 2K worth calls here.
I know we’re all degenerate gamblers, but for God’s sake do not yolo your six digit life’s savings. Some of the most recent loss porn gave me physical pain when I read about it. 

Gamble with what you’re OK losing and laugh it off, what I can’t laugh off is many years of hard work and savings down the drain in a month.
Ok do it and show me your loss porn in 3 months
You tards even bother swiping to the next picture? He lost 209k, other 200k was gai...I mean eventual losses. Nonetheless truly rip in pieces bruh, this is peak Down syndrome.
*soggy biscuit
Anyone in ABUS? MRNA’s little litigious bitch brother?
Moon
true, my point is tht AES will hit $22 LOL 

its free 2x money
Solid advice, GranAutismo92
Section rotation already happened in September. Now is time to buy back.
Nice. Road or off road? I was gonna go mountain biking today but the trails are closed still from rain. Gonna have to settle for my usual 20 ride
Stop
Good dip to buy
It's like WinDirStat for my stock portfolio.
Without retards like you WSB wouldn't be what it is, but if you want to fix yourself you can quite easily Google "options zero sum"
Old news lol
My bad lmao congrats
Dumb question but anyone know what the digital ps5 is plus taxes. I have $480 and I’m not sure if it’s enough
Asia trade deal
Mango not leaving, what's gonna happen
See Hulus got some decent entertainment on it.
[deleted]
Fisker (FSR) is the new NIO
Best way for a loner bastard to find where he wants to live?? Thinking I might buy a camper and work on the go doing temp jobs then make up fake wages for the employer that liked me the best in the area I like
Trading is my main source of income just because it is outperforming my regular day job. I spend all day and all week analyzing and watching the market because one small piece of news can cause a world of hurt. Saturdays are my days off mentally, but I still watch different analysts to get multiple perspectives on the market to possibly provide insight into something I overlooked(nobody is perfect and I am constantly trying to learn).      

If I wasn’t able to actively trade, I would try to work on building swing trades based around the 2-4pm et to 9:30am et swing trades. They can be highly profitable with maybe a couple hours of work a day(15 minutes to trade in 3 different segments with a 1 hour overstudy of how the day went/going over how you timed the market using indicators.
chill bro, he has nio fd's hes coolin
You do? Show us your 100 million balance
Well if it’s from a parent it’s supposed to be completely non taxed. I assumed that something that bare minimum obvious wouldn’t have caused this much trouble. Fuck this bullshit lol
Nflbite
Logically, yes. But obviously the stock relies heavily on Elon’s mood (tweets) and overall success, not just solely on Tesla.
Can someone tell me what is a 🌈🐻? I know what a 🐻 is
GME is good for the short term only
Dog please
Yeah, there are certain redeeming qualities(low cost of living), but once you spend some time away there's nothing you miss. Basically just a declining state with shitty weather all but a couple months per year.
A bunch of illegal upvotes appeared overnight.
Who said "incoming rugpull" the day before?
You bought based on that chart??
CBAK is now on my watching list but waiting for that drop since there are no puts available.
🤘🏻
Maybe you should @ them
yea pretty cheap cost of living is nice, but its cuz this place is hick and shitty
For what?
This gave me PTSD
I have MW but have always preferred BO, but like you last I played was BO2. Will probably end up buying it
If we all mass report the chess guy we won’t have to deal with it 

Or gay mods can actually moderate this forum 🤷‍♂️
Carry the 2
yes, yes i do, stronger chinese economy, stronger baba, simple as that
Sorry, it's going to take at least a decade for this to happen again. By that time I'll be dead though.
Is China mooning tomorrow?
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** BEST VALUE PREMIUM TRADING SERVER

**URL:** https://redd.it/juqbi3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juqbi3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Impressive-Film-3514, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
StevieRayYAWN
EquivalentSelection
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Luck or risk management. I wouldn't believe it until they posted results though, full year results.
Why should Cathie bae leave?
What’s the smallest thing in the world? Is it flour or some salt?
JD calls at open
Yeah thats a big wild card this week, but I'm hopeful for good news given how well Pfizer's mRNA vaccine has done.  If its clear that a second company has produced a successful vaccine, we could see a huge pop.
Nice try Roger Goodell
[deleted]
Sir, this is a casino.
Bout to eat shrooms and climb a mountain aye
It should be 0 as spacex is its own company.
on demand through our cable provider. It keeps playing episodes one after the other so Im just going with it
[deleted]
No one watches tennis stfu
It definitely flats.
I’m fundamentally putting my dick in ur mouth, retard
Told this doctor to tell me what day the date is and the time because I got sick of asking her, and her changing plans. Never settle kings.
I'm watching GUSH for oil recovery. Not jumping in just yet as covid continues to spiral, but when we all start driving again next year and Biden clamps down on new drilling it should take off.
Not his question. I could just say 100bb to be public. Real answer is any amount of revenue depending on listing exchange.
it was so stupidly fucking retardedly easy to make money on amazon in 2014. buy any chinese piece of shit slap a label on it put it on amazon and you were raking in cash hand over fist
Whatever you think you know about this from whatever paragraph you skimmed, you clearly don't.
Do you really think that Trade agreement would help BABA?
Market is blind until about May so who gaf buy buy buy boomer stonks.
They r selling commercially, and finally their product is usefull because other necissary tech has caught up

They got way ahead of the game
Thanks for the award dude. I bet you would love theModernMartialArtists youtube channel. He understands and breaks down historical fights and fighters styles in a way that is precise and massively autistic and insightful. Your DD reminded me of his videos.
I think that’s old news reported on late, I’ve only seen one article from an unreliable source
Deal. If I win, it will be big. I'll give you $20.
He said in post he put $70k in. No proof, but yeah
I make money with stocks and lose money with options.
it’s happening now
I'm in the US, but I'm not an American is what I meant
Man that AMA is a gold mine
I see. So is there a signal for when this is about to happen? I do pretty much always look at the MACD, but didn't know that it by itself can change option value. Does this happen when there's a cross or divergence or something?
Don’t know if that’s real or a joke, but I’ve been there and it was insane and I appreciate the reference.
i hope youre right, but i dont think being enviromentally conscious is enough for most people to pay a premium for a car that does less... only reason tesla and nio are popping is because they are legit cars that have better services and growth than a traditional ford or gm that has been sustained for years... Solo will die bro, kylo killed him man im from the future. my point is, dont make solo a bag hold investment, im sure evs will keep pumping cuz of the hype, but you need to know when to take profits cuz solo is never going to be a 30+ dollar stock, the fundamentals arent there, and neither is the branding/marketing - shit is dummy ugly
No. It's Lecovery
Well that aged like milk 🤡🤡🤡

Tech is bae 😎
How the fuck did i miss this lmao
Got my eyes on Intuit, not sure why.. but I do.
[deleted]
Klonopin and Chardonnay for the ladies
[deleted]
Yeah I’m gonna throw the rest of my cash on it tomorrow.  Most of my funds are tied up so I was only able to get a small position on it originally (500 shares at IPO).  Also have a few Palantir calls that are pretty heavily in the green might sell some of those for more shares.  I’ve been high on it for a while but everything I’ve seen is only strengthening my confidence in this company.
Percentage wise, what value of Tesla’s stock price is assumed to include the success of SpaceX? I ask cause the stock price was impacted greatly by the last successful launch for Crew Dragon and it’s postponement. That coupled with EVs performance in general seeming to be closely following each other, I’m wondering how significant of a move TSLA could make overnight into open.
I think they would’ve or at least would’ve come close this quarter if they didn’t pay out a billion in stonks/have fees associated with the DPO
What some Youtubes. Maybe watch about the FlashCrash.
I too am pooping
What app you watching it on?  Hulu? NFLX?  Best weekend hangover show ever.
How much did you make?
Ant ipo green light?!?!?
*I play both sides so that I always come out on top*
Tomorrow can’t come soon enough. I hope you took good advice on Friday and loaded your family’s boat with BABA
Wait for after NIO earnings to buy some shares?
[deleted]
I dont think Snow holders will enjoy what will happen at the end of November.
Wow. It’s best to make small gains over time. Imo.
I have calls. You buy puts. One of us will win...unless shits flat
LIT
Felt like I was reading a book. Now my head hurts. All I got out of that was buy NIO
I thought it was just some “Chinese virus” and the market was taking an overreaction so I bought a ton of Apple, Amazon, and Tesla March 6th-12th. Was kicking myself for weeks but then turned into the easiest money I’d ever made.
Where you seeing this?
Where am I what year is it
Incredible. I wasn't focusing on the stock market back then (I started trading in April) and I was shocked when I looked back and saw what happened in March. I could've made so much money if I was aware of stocks and options back then.
Intel verified by in field assets; PLTR TOO THE Moooooon.
What’s a good site to watch nfl streams besides crackstreams
The left knows free markets are effective except for niche markets that intrinsically lack competition. Capitalistically minded left is a real thing.
Time to play limpy, tards.
I was up 75k on that day. But I held.. and got popped.

Can someone go back in time and tell early pandemic me to close out those positions?

Thx.
All in jan 15 21c

Loading up on 8k worth of 21c, 22c, and 23c

Wish me luck boiiiis
Nice
[removed]
I just got back from a 24 mile ride and feel great. Not as good as when i see all my shit go green tomorrow though.
https://i.imgur.com/NSaezEm.jpg
2022 most likely... gonna be green awhile esp. with low rates and dont be surprised if fed buys spy
Any stocks that would benefit from Christmas and Santa clause ? Did Santa and airlines strike a deal for the holidays? A lot of gifts to be distributed. Going all in on BA Monday
How do I calculate the Sharpe ratio of a portfolio that is 5% equities, 55% options, and 40% Shadowless Base Set holos
Fucking boomers bro.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Good man.
much better in terms of financial position, and SAP doesnt pose that massive of a barrier to entry because they do all sorts of software management stuff. pcpl (et open) has much better growth prospects, and tech stocks are all about growth
[deleted]
I got out of Michigan when I graduated high school and never looked back. Fuck that place.
what do you mean he called the rise of elon musk, thiel and musk worked together at paypal, musk hasn't exactly been off the radar anyone could see his rise
If the covid market keeps mooning and we really aren’t getting a vaccine until April we are fucked bigly
This is art, truly wonderful
My concern is more of a general concern rather than NVDA. If MRNA or another vaccine company reports something unexpected vaccine wise does that trigger another sell off of anything tech related. I am being extremely cautious with options right now and most are not earnings plays so I agree with your process of caution leading up to
watching that show high will keep you preoccupied for hours, just make sure you have snacks lmao
[deleted]
[https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/032515/what-options-implied-volatility-and-how-it-calculated.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/032515/what-options-implied-volatility-and-how-it-calculated.asp)

This explains it well
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** BEST VALUED PREMIUM TRADING SERVER!

**URL:** https://redd.it/juq886
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juq886) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Impressive-Film-3514, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Twizzar
thedingus62
Stonksflyingup
Impressive-Film-3514
Fun_Paleontologist_2
OverpricedBagel
Caduke
jdam4569
EquivalentSelection
Bruh tiger birdied 5 of the last 6 holes after that +7 just a casual flex.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Go workout you lazy piece of shit.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Last year I got a share of some shit stock as a referral bonus

**URL:** https://redd.it/juq743
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juq743) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/icorrectotherpeople, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OverpricedBagel
EquivalentSelection
Maybe not the Ark funds if mommy leaves
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
do you know btw at all why it had that big dump on October 23-25?
Wish I knew how to trade calls correctly back then
>anymore money.ReplyGive AwardshareReportSave  
>  
>level 2LongishBull3 points · 3 minutes agoFuck Michigan in general, not excited for the winter. Can't wait to graduate

I have a co-worker who says he used to do coke with her. About a 5 in reliability but crazy ass stories and extra long smoke breaks so idgaf lol
LMFAOOO
As my final paper in University, back in 2014, I wrote how Amazon was set to dominate in every way. My professor brought me into his office to say he doesn't think they are that great and that I need to revise my paper to get an A... So I did. Boomer fucker.
Shill cuck going to shill cuck
Isn't shitcoin a leading indicator for something....
Nothx
Speaking from a phycological stand point, wouldn't it make sense that as COVID cases rise and lockdowns go into effect and toilet paper runs out, that people will remember last time (since it was only 8 months ago) and this will trigger people wanting to sell at the top and not go through another crash? Thus, causing a crash? So, like, massive circuit breaker tomorrow?
yes but who has that kind of time
I’m not superstitious but this is more evidence that 13 is an unlucky number.
Haha...ya. Just providing some information. I think most of it stemmed from employee sentiment and take over of the company. More for you, right?
i havent played since bo2 but i like it
30-50% gains from the bottom is significantly outperforming 10% from the middle or top. Some people are just horrible at figuring out the concept of percentages and ratios of profitability, but as long as you’re finding profitability, congrats.
Oh alright yea short term looks good for NVDA
UVXY
BAN
Yup same I've lost a good amount of money but I'm kinda numb to it and I'm not really sure why. Not sure if it's gonna hit me later or never
Desire of tendies is a non partisan issue
[Me as someone ideologically opposed to a lot of what they do and the clients they support, but also with student loans to pay off.](https://i.imgur.com/A356jiI.gif)
He’s gay. He doesn’t have to time pulling out.
What are your calls for PLTR?
Please show me where I’ve spelt retarded wrong
My understanding is GM pissed no money and basically just agreed to sell to nikola
Does it work?
That’s your opinion so I’m not going to try to prove you wrong. But I think the only reason for well off people buying electrics is because EVs are so expensive. Plenty of people want to make the switch to more environmentally friendly transportation options but can’t afford it! I guess we’ll see how it plays out
Damn covid
[removed]
Cool
My man
Beep boop.  I am not a bot.

Gaining 4,000 karma for a $20,365.90 loss comes out to a mere $5.09 per karma point.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hell yeah bro
Trying
Mike's hards lemonade are scary water but have one hell of a unique hangover.
No you made US beef jerkey and pickled onions today.

You can have this couch dorrito i found
ARKK ARKW PBW QCLN
Sounds good, I'll likely do the same. Hopefully we make some bread
Not sure why you are being downvoted.  Trading takes emotional discipline, otherwise everyone with an above average IQ would be filthy rich.
And some do it for the memes
PLTR 15c 5/21
Calls people retarded 

Can’t spell retarded

Sweet irony
as long as they are leaps
It's definitely Photoshop, or just editing the html to say a much bigger loss. This is a tribute post to wsbgod
Most platforms do it for you. But how you would go about doing it yourself is using black-scholes model. Since you know the price, strike, date, etc, you back into IV
its funny that sum decentralized monie reacts so heavily to the US news/market...
Best show ever
Can't speak on that to be honest.  Like I mentioned in another comment, this play is me hoping for a run up into earnings, then probably bailing before the conference call Thursday
Such a pessimist. Look at all that green!
Halo 3 ODST is a beast of a soundtrack
>lmaoooooo michigan just too cold man

Yeah especially working outside. Only good thing is cheap real estate and cost of living. And the north ig but I'm too broke for a cottage.
Lol I’m sure this is RobinHood’s fault
[deleted]
How did you time it so well though?
Get to it then man. I’m getting ready now
*coronavirus
Bye bitchcoin
I had 1500 around $9.45 and sold at $10.15. 

Shouldn’t have sold but I can’t get over the valuation. Too risky for me.
Lol, why would you ever tell them the actual sale price of a vehicle anyways? Just put something like $100 on there. Fuck them. Don't give cuntbag Whitmer anymore money.
What the fuck is this retarded shit? 

Go get railed by a train you filthy animal
they boutta poooomppp
GME is legit going to make many retail investors millionaires and is going to bankrupt some hedgefunds.  Just don't try to time it.
Lol, look at my posts...
better than SAP?
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Hahahahhahhahaha fucking great what a gay retard
yeeeeerrrr
Rest In Peace Brother
Ive been watching How Its Made since yesterday. I learned and already forgot so much
I’d say that’s flair worthy... but you gotta post loss porn 😉
Retard
2000 grit sandpaper baby.
I’ve doubled down my GME positions as it’s obvious from all of the names sneaking in that something’s going to happen. Being able to guess it with options is a different monster and not very WSB friendly anymore. Options activity is insane this week but it could be the shorts finally trying to cover. 

This is probably a rebranding/ECOM pivot/turnaround story at this point. Share buyback or taking the company private. (Will destroy the shorts) Hard to pick a catalyst range. I’m in as long as Cohen is in. The guy was able to compete with amazon in short order and sees something in the gaming/accessory segment.
only one man? shoulda swept that strike
Yeah thats my biggest concern.  This is more of a ride the wave into earnings then jump ship play.  Maybe hop on a put or two before market close Thursday
How do we know this isn’t photoshopped?
Calls on baba, jd
It might be down 10% at open but it’ll go up like 25% intraday lmao
I'll probably sell the 11/20's before earnings and hold the longer ones.
Never said we were, but the landscape changed. They did lose to music streaming. If it were up to the music industry they’d still have complete control and charge $20 for 12-15 songs and sign artists to record labels, write songs for them, and market them as a product. It’s not the same anymore. Now they sell packages of music to Walmart so they can play it in the background while you shop.
lmaoooooo michigan just too cold man
Get ripped, suck dick. You know how it goes 💪
$742.6 million in revenue in 2019

Market Cap is 25 Billion. 🤣🤣🤣
I used all my rent money on FDs by accident cause I put in an extra 0
Learned my lesson but this man speaks truth
No idea!  For me, it might be because I only talk shit lol
Damn imagine having 400k, then loosing it all that is rough man dont $ROPE
I feel the exact same.  Will you hold through earnings or you just hoping for a little run up then hop out end of day Thursday?
Yikes. Very fortunate for you indeed
ahhhhh nvm then, one of us! :)
This might be a stupid question as I'm a new investor but how do you calculate IV?
@ least present some facts.
Can’t buy the companies shares bar cause of this. 

“We generated $742.6 million in revenue in 2019.”

How they are valued at 25 billion is beyond me. Good luck to all. 

I may gamble on some call options because it has the public rushing into it. Could be a bubble to exploit.
I’m taking about the fact that the word is “averse” not “adverse”
I do not understand why the world is going to all start buying expansive batteries. Gas is going to be dirt cheap if lots of electric cars start selling.
How do you win some?
Fuck Michigan in general, not excited for the winter. Can't wait to graduate and move
it sucks man lol
Yes 🙌 selling my blood for more
Pltr
Niope
Who the f.. is buying options? Must only be ppl in the US
I’ll work out if you do.
Why not qqq instead? Usually higher premium.
ok? i made $10,000 from FISV and CVS. and i called it beforehand 25 days ago!!!!!!!!!!!!! check my post history RETARD

u make u look like a fool 😂😂
also, look at their comp, they seem a lil undervalued compared to their comp, even tho rapid has just as lage growth prospects. look at synopsys, they are also a good company
You should find the motivation within yourself to go workout. The things that drive me are my entire family is fat and I’ll kill myself if I ever become fat. Also I workout for the ladies and it gives me something to do when I’m stressed or need a break from people
bitchcoin on the struggle bus
True I bought a 20c 11/20 when it was 11.00 and went up to 17.00 in a week.
Why not?

DAL is up without any substantial news. Covid numbers are going up with shutdown talks increasing. Traveling will definitely not be going up anytime soon. No increase in traveling means less money for airlines.
And here’s your FD play

NIO 50c 11/27
Finally a loss greater than mine
Why did you buy long dated calls?
[deleted]
Fauci absolutely based for trying to help retards like you
yessir
Thanks for that positive message. You’re right, I’m trying to find happiness and I believe millions of dollars would get me there and get me my ex back as well. Probably the reason I take such insane risks and lose 1/2 my portfolio this month. I’ll try to snap out of it and find happiness in other ways <3
Sir this is a Tendy's
Thnx man
Fuck MI department of treasury. They’re demanding I pay $1k tax on a vehicle transfer from my mom because those incompetent fucks couldn’t confirm us being direct relatives, sent in documentation and everything and they’re still insistent on it

This shit is infuriating why do we even have them in office if they can’t do a simple fucking task
And then they doubled down on puts and sold on the next Green Day in a panic.  A story old as time.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh really?
Sq dropped like 38%
Bro i haven’t done the dirty deed in a minute and same things been happening to me
Normally nvda doesn't move much after ER, +- 3% in either direction I've ver seen. But as stated before me, NVDA still has to trample those already high expectations AND raise future guidance by a decent amount. They normally always beat, but lower the bar for the future(which mostly always leads to selling off.). Im a huge NVDA bull, but there's this voice inside me saying there's less risk with puts than calls and would probably be better off just hedging my long shares. HOWEVER, I am currently holding:

530c 11/20
555c 11/20
580c 1/15
720c 3/19
As well as a handful of shares.
Best sector ETFs? I’m considering IXN, CIBR CLOU.  FINX, and obviously TAN/ICLN
Can you view the weekend dow on TOS or trading view? I need something to stare at when futures isn’t open
over a fucking ford fiesta man? no way lol. people who are buying electric are usually well off, no one is gonna get that hunk o junk man sorry to tell you...would you even buy that? no idts
They will make a profit but their supply chain is so fucked up right now to blow the earnings
It didn't help me at all.
It’ll be like 365 or higher I’m just scared we sell off like last Monday
You can hedge your portfolio using futures.
IF YOU A REAL BULL YOU KNOW THAT $FSR THE ONLY PLAY!!!!
Didn’t expect to see a meme of this show.
Take your TikTok twerkin ass this fresh BAN
It’s called Xanax and Bourbon
The Kraken will be released on Monday!  SPY Puts baby!
Sooo much money on the table that day but you had to have balls of steel to go all in because the future was totally shaky at that point. Everything was on sale from the S&P to shitcoin, everything. For every guy you hear that quadrupled his stake, there are 20 that pulled out and panic sold and are kicking themselves and telling their kids there will be no bikes from Santa this year. 

I wanted to pull the trigger so bad that day, but layoffs were coming and I didn’t want to touch anything liquid. I should have went YOLO and played roulette with interest arbitrage. Fuck it I’m still young and could have recovered from both a shit investment and joblessness at the same time.
I can already hear the ban hammer coming down on you
Only a very small percentage in F and G at the beginning of the LF, more and more over time.  It's like having cash in you - portfolio to buy stocks when the market goes down.  The daily rebalance is the advantage of the LF - basically constantly buying low and selling high. Your method is decent and I used to do that prior to the LF funds - but I would re-balance monthly. - the older LF have an average annual return of 12%
LF 2065 current holding percentage.
 October 2020
G Fund	0.35%
F Fund	0.65%
C Fund	48.77%
S Fund	15.58%
I Fund	34.65%
So you bought 60$C weeklies or what
PLL too! I just found this little fuk. Leaps on this shit.
Most left wing people become pretty conservative when they feel a threat to their finances.....

"Left Wing politics" is mostly just a social club these days where few people actually practice what they preach. That's why virtue signaling is so popular.
What about risk of M1 making other pc makers embrace ARM SOC and moving away from separate GPUs except for high end gaming machines.
Correct me if I’m wrong but, you can’t control how you feel per se, but you can control what you do with those feelings
if you dont like losses then why dont you just win instead? 

God, ppl are dum.
If they tell me to stop I will, until then

🤷🏻‍♂️
NIO
You’ll be really happy with yourself if you go work out. Post workout endorphins :)
ok but i call FISV and CVS, check my post history both made $10,000
. my last reddit acc was made in 2013 when i still played csgo 🤣🤣

i’m just a trust fund retard who has loads of money and researches this shit for the past 3 years.
[deleted]
What time ET
Ban
Why u nervous
im not toxic but, MODDDSSSS
thanks brother
Ok, I’ll bring the biscuit
Scariest horror scene ever.
I wish there was a pill you could take that puts you in a coma for 60 hours so you can go straight from Friday market close to Monday market open.
It’s every year on total value.
I was long TMF and absolutely printed.
yup, we all know the script.
And sprinkle on a few shares of Blockbuster for that extra fizzle.
Did this change recently? Everything I've read says otherwise unless you are a daytrader by IRS definition
Pic of the trailer?
look at the actual company et open who is doing the spac, they are shifting supply chain management online helping businesses become more efficient with managing their product stock and transportation of it to its final destination. ET open is tech oriented and saves its clients a shit ton, only growing man, get in
[deleted]
Can't wait to make some money Monday!!!
The effects of exercising are all positive. The effects of NOT exercising are all negative. Do you want to negatively impact your life or positively impact your life?
Isn’t that the day Apple lost over 100 billion?
Well some tickers bottomed before or just after the s&p500 bottomed on the 23rd.
Oh yeah the music industry totally lost and doesn’t DMCA anyone that plays a 10sec clip to an audience. Yup, we’re finally free of big music industry control.
Deposit 69k...
I like Cathy 

She made me a lot of money 

U make me money 

And I’m loyal to u to the end.



So o don’t like the take over at all 

Those ark etfs have done very well 

And it’s all about money and cock bro
Sponsored by Target or whatever that logo is
you may have to talk to your mum about that, she loves pump and pumps
Not I, sir. 

If it’s red, I’m hedged. If it’s green, I have leaps
What are those tiny green ones in the middle?
Impressive
China opens tonight and you know they gonna pump the evs they are not gonna let bitch boy citron win.
Congrats on $40 nobody gives a fuck
Therapist
Fuck yeah!! You in too?
That was gods signal. You watched it go from 2 to 10 and still don’t buy in?!
[removed]
Big tiddy Trailer Park milf keeps hanging outside my trailer, brb gonna go for smoke and get some sunlight.
Just made an avocado protein shake. I’m the man
Deadlifts 3x10, Bench 5x8
can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic or not. I made my point clear, check my post history, I called Fisv,CVS 25 days ago.

both made $10k profit, and we (u and me) boutta get rich. form this

all an unusual option activity boi
Yes
Yeah tell me about it, decay fucking me right now, will sell if it doesn’t pop soon.
Ban
I’m holding some 7.5 leaps that I’ll take a small loss on. I’m scared for my 11/20 5.5c, I’ll probably sell those first and then wait. I actually believe this company could be worth money or at the very least piggyback other successful Ev companies and their momentum
My nihilist thoughts exactly, gonna double my position on it tomorrow at open because it was literally created by thiel and funded by In-Q-Tel aka the CIA, the governments not just gonna let this go they’re already bought in.
Who’s nervous
Block me
Looks like all that was really pointed at BABA and Jack Ma. JD is gonna crush earnings and get plenty of upgrades this week. They also have the JD Health IPO coming up soon. Holding 100c 11/20 and 130c 1/15/21.

BILI is expected to lose EPS but gain revs. Betting on a surprise beat. 60c 1/15/21.
Whats wrong with that?
You are a piece of shit. You're welcome.
<3
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Impressive-Film-3514 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This sub is literally the most useful community on the internet.
pltr is gross
Sick. Block me
We're here. We're queer. We're broke. We won't shut the fuck up. Get used to it!
Even the quants are buying GME.

Holding LT
And by March 20 all my puts rendered useless. 🌈
bro get out of here unless you have fd plays, we dont like logic here
#
It's all a zero sum game, even if your gains are not only one person's losses. It's all money, it doesn't just materialize in your trading account.
CALPERS is also the fund that removed their hedges right before the February crash this year. They would have been due about a $1B payday.
It’s easy to just keep it all in because it’s easier to grow the more you have. But that’s only if you’re winning. 

That’s where I failed, I went from 20k to 60k in less than 3 months. Since it’s not linear I woulda probably made close to a million dollars if I kept the same amount of risk for the proceeding 9 months. But winning that often for that long would be like winning a raffle contest at a large event. Not impossible but unlikely.

You’re already ahead of the game, you don’t seem greedy.
DKNg was disappointing Friday, hope it was just profit taking and it starts pumping this week
hahahahaha you think you’re smart. They have been going up 🤣🤣🤣
Big data is the future
Googled "stock full market view," was like the 4th result
[deleted]
If it gets a 4% pop or more Monday, I'll likely get out.  If its a slow upward climb to Thursday, I'll sell before earnings then possibly get a put or two
I like you the way you are
stress makes me have wet dreams, what about yall? last week i lost it all and have been stressing...been having more dreams cuz ive cut down on kush...i was peeing in my dream or somn, but i woke up fully covered in nut lol... also worth mentioning that ive been trying to fap less cuz of nnn, but my body is too weak :(
They told me I got scammed
These types of funds were also buying weed stocks like ACB in 2018. Doesn’t mean shit.
Reluctant on buying new games right now. Might wait till I get the new xbox
WSB tutorial in 15 seconds...

Yolo on meme stonks and random DD

Always be FOMOing

Diamond hand your losing trades to -100%

Diamond hand your winning trades until they go to -100% because a 50% gain is boring. +1,000% or bust.
WSB tutorial in 15 seconds...

Yolo on meme stonks and random DD

Always be FOMOing

Diamond hand your losing trades to -100%

Diamond hand your winning trades until they go to -100% because a 50% gain is boring. +1,000% or bust.
Walmart, Lowe’s, Target will beat their earnings.
Exercise and sex and weed
They don't make fast, they make it accessible. Lots of companies have like 8 different internals systems doing a bunch of different things, palantir helps them consolidate all that data from various systems into one giant lens allowing them to see the whole picture. It's the hottest shit in tech rn and desperately needed by companies everywhere
Hi I bought calls before but the stock tanked after. Can I see your manager please?
> look into the spac called pcpl - supply chain mangement company with very lil competition and huge growth prospects in this newish field

it's nothing new. the term originated in 1982:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply_chain_management
tiktok lmao eat shit
Block me
Just pulled up their chart, looking good at first glance, thanks for the heads up!!!
[removed]
Spce calls 🚀 🚀 🚀
You leave my Fauci alone
u/happyjackass48 You ever stop and think, am I losing my fucking mind?
Can you all call me a piece of shit or something to motivate me to go exercise right now? Thnx
So you are ready to observe it all day ? IV crush might get you if it stays flat
[deleted]
market makers will buy it retard i’m “pumping” the 22c. i have the 21 cuz i believe it’s safer. Aes is on an uptrend
Because he is old and so dirty rich that even if he would lose 99% of his net worth he would still be able to enjoy hookers and blow every day and twice on Sunday.
[removed]
Anyone else see comments which are hidden because of downvotes and instinctively open them so you can also downvote?
Triple leverage has killer decay. I’d like to see them do a reverse split though. That’s give me a boner due to increased profitability percentages for buying puts on it.
NVDaddy
🤦‍♂️
Right now they have 3 businesses

•	⁠Game: their cash cow right now, but they're reaching their ceiling. No new products/distribution deals recently. But being backed by tencent, I'd say the gaming business is very stable at least.
•	⁠E-commerce (shopee): it's growing rapidly at this moment with >100% YoY every quarter. The group CEO said that it can become profitable anytime if they decide to cut down marketing cost (but they won't). Very bullish on this business.
•	⁠SEA money: honestly this is the smallest business at the moment but people seem to have high hope for this. Just a wallet integrated to the Shopee App and Airpay under some regions. If they can compete for e-banking license (which is put on hold due to covid-19) in Singapore, i expect the business to boom as they'll be allowed to give out loan to their huge customers base.

A side note is that despite it's called a Singapore company, the company is barely active in Singapore market since it's so small, so you'll often heard negative opinion about the company from Singaporean
I know they’re ugly af but they do have great use commercially, congested countries and cities, etc so I think they will sell plenty of units
Nice
Sunday morning dabs are mandatory. Good times
I made Beef Jerky and pickled onions today :)
Try making gains.
You sound like a well rounded individual who I should trust with my money.
That’s exactly where I was looking as well. Supply side will see a big boost during the technology adoption. I’m in Livent personally since the $6-7 range. 

Agree legacy auto isn’t going to see huge swings but there will be a some winners. The next big swing will probably come from whoever figures out long haulers and long range batteries.
[deleted]
Many of the new crop of punters will eventually learn about the Sharpe ratio.
i do tho
Ban
Because you can’t have a nationwide lockdown constitutionally
[deleted]
zero credibility? I made two posts in /r/options a month ago and both profited 20,000$ 🤣
Is that a rhetorical question? My house at 8?
[removed]
buying stocks because i’m a bit tired of getting ass-fucked by options (particularly AAPL but still holding my 6/18/21 calls for QQQ)
[deleted]
Probably at break even on at least half my calls
I’m al in pltr but what you thinking for fsr
Whatre you talking about? Your own link literally shows a bunch of buyers on 11/13 lmao
Buy NIU and stop complaining, thank me later
Emphasis on holding… not panic selling…
Absolutely.  I bought in Friday mostly because of where the technicals are at.  If it doesn't run up, I'll hold through earnings and hope for a pop.  Its consistently been one of the strongest companies during the pandemic, so I'm confident it'll do well.  And having an extra two weeks in case shit goes wrong this week gives me a little comfort
[deleted]
Dude, next time you need to negotiate beforehand what is on the table.  
Don't be a trick and let this hoe run over you like this.
Would jizz if we get a -3% day. I went all in on SPY puts expiring tomorrow.
Spy puts
hahahahhahaha, this was hilarious
bro, did you not peep its car design lmaoooo? how could you put a dime in that ticker man
[deleted]
Findom
Green retard pump then even all day
Nio, xpev hit the ssr circuitbreaker so no short sellers can manipulate the price till tuesday
Always value. It wouldn't surprise me if we keep seeing Infrastructure stocks continue to rise now that Biden has released his plan.
Yea. They hit ath. A few weeks ago. I think this ER and the upcoming release in the Healthcare ipo thing will boost them up.
Positions?
Same. Lost stacks already. Hoping it gaps up ridiculously in the morning. When do you intend on selling?
deadass b
$100 is a nice dinner with your gir! Be proud
Wasn’t the IV high though?
I hold leaps myself because they were so cheap, but I think this is purely a meme play. They've been in business for 17 years and haven't turned a profit lol.
If pump and dumps are no nos, what about pump and pumps?
Magical internet coins plunging
Ya you might be on to something
oh god calpers is getting into meme stocks
is fsr the next wave? am i gonna miss it again lol? the nio wave? fuck
get on the train or get left behind time
As sad as it is, less people are caring about COVID
Thanks for asking this, struggled with these bitches my whole entire life!
Buy high expire worthless.
Volatility is better for options traders that play on wedges and like to make money off of movement and head fakes. Essentially trading upon support/resistance lines with a chance of breaking trend both ways.       

Volatility is bad for long traders and options sellers as the volatility means they will likely have to roll down at an inopportune time leading to horrific losses.

Market tendencies are a study thing.       

News sources: Bloomberg and CNBC but I bet against both of their advice and look for one specific options analyst on the options insider run at 3:15et because his options have been printing when he is on tv, but everyone has been a flop. Dont trade their butterflies or wedges as they are usually the most volatile and are trying to sell positions instead of boosting their own positions. The guy I like only recommends buying puts and calls naked, and he has hit 100%.
Not hard left. Not retarded either.
let us know before you trade so we can inverse
lol
what year?
> not giving a fuck 

I can assure you it’s not this
I bought so much Tesla that day.
you think? i didnt really give dd, just a heads up to people who are watching. you should do ur own dd as well, pretty solid company
He bought weeklies so 74ish
Yeah. I have no experience regarding other country's real estate scenario.
To whoever downvoted me... hope you get dekcuf by a rusty nailed 2x4 and gain a sense of humor ya little kcid rekcil.
I wish it was Monday coming..
$PLTR
$SPCE
$FSR

It’s simple.
Still too much green
I’m down like 40% on calls because I bought Friday almost at peak
I might just buy puts if it opens monday green. My DD is that I've got a good hunch.
meditation
And just a couple weeks before, everyone was memeing MSFT 200c, AMD 60c, and SPCE 30c. I remember I was losing bigly on my puts and sold too early during the dead cat bounce (right before the OPEC news/weekend), which mostly wiped out my account. The Monday after was circuit breakers. Managed to climb my way back up almost and then lost almost all of it again on SPY 180p. I trusted you, Separate-Variation 😭
Do you hold till expiry? or sell/buy one of the legs at certain points?
Yea man it can eat you up if you wallow in it. *I should’ve done this, or that and my life woulda been so different right now.*

Well it happened lol no taking it back. 

It’s like the age old question would you rather spend 10 years in heaven then spend eternity in hell or just go straight to eternity in hell. Your 400k was a portion of your life that you got to enjoy OP. Look back at it as a happy memory not a painful one you lost.
St. Jude gets me every time.  “Donation to St. Jude with your purchase sir?”    

Ughhhh, yes....
Thank you! I appreciate it
You might be the only person in the world who didn’t make money on this trade 😂
Dude... that was pre-split... they went from 300 to 2000.
also mayne, how come we dont have flair yet??? we are heller active
Some hard left people do it for the principles.  
Most just like the idea of free money.  
WSB loves free money.
Don't worry. When Mr. Dementia becomes president and shuts down the nation again we will see red again.
I know you us people cant trade a lot of derivates without signing shit but in the EU there are papers you can buy which hedge you on the positive side on a stock but negative on the vola. RIP US people.

> Go ahead and tell me more about hedging when your portfolio is more valuable than mine.

I told you not to stack on us dollar. If you think that is a good idea ok. But its not.
Nice! I started a year ago with 10k. & just last week I took it all back. Up 10k and will slowly keep taking money out.
Yep. Nothing could go wrong here.  Steady returns is a terrible strategy.
I used to get these too when I was overweight. Getting good shoes did help, but also maybe switch to lower impact forms of exercise until you get in shape?
Haven’t played in years til this one. It’s pretty fun.
lmaoooo yea watch the spac fall thru and me lose 15 cents on every share - i have 500 rn, gonna have 5000 by december spac deal closing
EXACTLY
Eh I guess I keep forgetting people solely play weeklies here lol. Good point.
I guess the pump worked?
Just being a bit facetious. I appreciate the long post and I saved it to think about.

Is trading your primary source of income? How much time do you spend thinking/analyzing/watching in a week?

Where would you advise someone with a full 9-5 job to focus their limited time. Other than glancing at stocks during the day and putting in an order I don’t have time to watch closely.

What would you
This is actually a fucking horrible mindset. Cutting losers and taking profits when you have them is how you make consistent gains. "Diamond hands" is a fun meme but it's fucking terrible advice that loses so many people on this subreddit an insane amount of money. This is not why you are such a fucking failure.
Xpo leaps
No but nice flair 😎
[deleted]
[removed]
I remember him being slightly older and having lighter features.  I’m not even sure I’d recognize his face to be honest.
Did you not see the 10+ loss porn posts the last 8 hours?
[deleted]
gonna catch the ride up this time hopefully
I swear to God. I am scared
GameStop short interest at 140%. Any big positive catalyst going to send this thing to Mars.
Whatre these graphs called.
Buying a 100 shares if my home
Depot calls print. 290c 11/20.
First after the the 30k people who already got it in the trials
bro rapid 7 is only growing, no one knows about it
“Your friend who lost his wee in an unfortunate accident.”
Fap vigorously
That last sentence has to be an r/brandnewsentence
I am Legend
Same.

But the way i cope with losses is isolate myself until im calm again.
$581
Goood to know who Im competing with when I trade.
Was everyone in the group exposed to COVID?
Yeah JUST make money, easy
I have Schwab and any stock I put in a watchlist they do this for
Get rich YOLOing or die trying 🤡
Don't come crying when PLTR is $30.
facts man, i still play naked long options hahahah! most of the time u sell off of ur emotions cuz if u held long calls for a month, they almost always pay big bread, just recent market volatility is unsettling for big long options plays
Dude, CALPERS literally sold Apple to buy AMD,REGN, and TLRY a fckin pump and dump stock. hahaha
Jerk it furiously
It sounds nice. Trying to capture something happening and making sense of it is very human. But I personally think that pretending things are ever going to be as they once were going forward is a dream.

Remember Napster? Remember the music industry being unable to accept the reality of Napster? Look at music today. Robinhood is a sign of things coming... it’s probably too late to stop whatever that thing is that’s coming.
Many have been saying it’s clear the shit is about to hit the fan for 5+ years.  Yes it’s easy to say in hindsight that it was really going to this time.
Yea always take out a portion of your winnings. I lost 60k in a year which sucked but I’m at least glad I pulled out 10k just prior to that, or that woulda been gone too
Buying shares and calls tomorrow. Make or break time
Still wish I bought more Of TOL + PRTY + M + and so many others.
Worth it or nah?
Oooooo I forgot about bili all the negative news about regulations on the china tech big boys is only positive for the small ones
something something inverse cause autistic
This is the kind of dd I look for here
so that's the cycle of poverty they talk about
I’m either going to be super rich or starving tomorrow from my SOLO calls
One china virus dip pls 🐻
:) that's why I thought it was funny
Feels like a good opportunity, but I feel like analysts and investors have already high expectations and therefore they would have to do even better to make the stock jump up.
scale down?
Rip
how many?
Goes up when you can't visit people.
It will be fine.
stop losing
Deutschbank
pltr has always been hyped lol
They were but I became gay on Feb 21-March 13 and easiest money I ever made. Luckily, as I got AIDS I decided to become bull again and another easiest money ever made in next 6 months.
Where? Don't judge me, I'm europoor 🥺
Anyone who didn’t see this coming was a moron, too bad I didn’t understand puts at the time
[deleted]
That will happen and you will be on the sidelines, waiting for the next one lol
Ban
[deleted]
Where the fuck do you guys get this amount of money?
vaccine news on monday
You need to buy buttplug adaptor.
🌈🐻 2002 boys still waiting for that tech bubble to explode
[removed]
They probably get the same feeling when they look at their participation prize confederate flag.
Tom Lee?
This is the way
no that was not my intention. you’re a skeptical retard and that’s why u don’t make money.
check my post history, every thread i’ve made i called a stock spot on and made 10k
lmaoooooo
Hello call buddy let’s make this gwap
I think the losses and shit has caused me to have serious anger problems. Anyone else? Any good ways to fix that?
Low volume? 76M shares traded on Friday!
no, wheres its user growth?
Oof... MSFT $200 C 3/20 gang
Fuck yeah my birthday
[deleted]
Debit spreads.
Should probably get a couple puts as well fyi incase it crashes hah, its gonna be either above 30 or under 10
Could be waiting 10 years.
I’m with you bud, even though conventional wisdom tells me not to do it. 70% cash here
Who’s been playing the new Black Ops?
Hookers are trading? Think that's a bad omen, time to short.
I want to witness those glory days
i made 4 threads, i lurk that’s y it’s new acc. every single thread, all 4, i called FISV and CVS and i made $17,000 total. 

i’m trying to help u bro, if u can’t see that after looking at my acc ur retarded
What’s your break even ?
If moderna can announce before market open their vaccine is 95%%% sucessful my calls would love this
Resident evil
I have 1% hedged, but even hedging can be a killer if the volatility decreases. My strategy prints money when volatility is high going both ways, and leaves me room to make mistakes as I learn to make better investments. Nobody is a rockstar at trading day 1, so it’s probably best to learn HOW to trade before you go nuts deep. Go ahead and tell me more about hedging when your portfolio is more valuable than mine.
Ass to Ass!
what is icln, and brother i knnow how you feel, I lost 70k in 3 days in june and made it back over june and august, plus a lil more, but last week literally obliterated me and now im back to being down 30k all time... crushing but these next two months are gonna be pivotal for me
[deleted]
For sure in the longer-term, even though there won't be opportunities for meteoric short-term growth. Because I YOLOed myself into such a deep hole, I'm looking for shorter-term gains and CBAK is the best I've got right now, but I'm hoping for more along the same lines.
I doubt people will be smarter next time. But the sad part is that I will also act like a fucking idiot next time.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You’d better respect my authority then
You can be a millionaire with one click.  Success is inversely proportional to number of monitors used.
Dude, rapid7 is SUCH a good company!!!  We subscribe to their LogEntries product.  Fucked up our logging verbosity in one of our apps and blew our monthly quota out of the water.  We contacted them and they were like “yah no worries, these things happen.  No extra charge for the overages unless it continues into the next month!”

Rapid7 customer for life!
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
S O C K S
Can’t wait for futures to open flat and slowly bleed up all night while Zoom bros can’t figure out why current cases don’t matter
Robinhood: Diamondhand feature implemented  
My poots: Loaded  
Corona: Got everybody else in surprise  
Myslef: Ghey as phacc

Beautiful day!
So the PFE vaccine (literally the first vaccines in history using mRna) will be given to all medical staff/ elderly/ at risk first. Smh wat could go wrong
I got Calls on California teachers working till they are 100 years old!

California Public Employees’ Retirement System, or Calpers, raised investments in Nikola (NKLA) and NIO (NIO) in the period.
Repeat after me.....MEAN REVERSION!!
Which FD has highest chance of printing?
Nfl sportsbook parlay
Powerball 
Spy 1dte fd
This post WW2 rally is running out of steam if you ask me
Washington state lockdown presser in an hour
the next news is moderna but i'll say its priced in tbh

whats worrying is the lockdowns, assuming they'll bring down the market but maybe tech goes back into rotation

its all hands up in the air kinda of why it fell last Friday
So will the next wave of shutdowns do this again?
Volatility will definitely be there, I’m holding 100 361 calls that expire tomorrow, I see a run up to 363ish and then maybe a retest of mid 350s before it continues up again this week
That was a beautiful day.
so do CVS ppl prolly. but look how that worked out.

I get your point, I rly do, but all i’m sayin is AES goes another point up to break new highs and continue its trend pre-covid. plus biden
Cringe dude it’s you’re not your
Bird up dog
Im worried about putting more money into it because of some unforeseen risk, but dont really know any places online where people are interested in that kind of technical analysis
I remember those days. And the lost tendies :(
[deleted]
I know

Normies just do their stuff

Still had a great weekend 😎
Lock down news on Monday
More dangerous than covid from what I hear
[deleted]
[deleted]
it's only Sunday and the pump and dumpers are already hard working on the next NIO: PLTR
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Read this in my head as Voice Over Pete
and its def not cyber security lol, with a world thats increasingly shifting to online activities... the funding for ur physical playground would get cut faster than cyber security mayne...trump literally tried to cancel tik tok lol
Lock down on Monday
If you don’t think we’re getting some vaccine pump tomorrow morning to put us over SPY 361 at open, you’re one smooth-brained mother fucker. Welcome home.
Thinking you're better than somebody is a simp move, we out here respecting in 2020
LOL wtf! This sub never ceases to amaze
Work of art 🐻
At least they're not posting rageful rants on an internet message board on a sunday afternoon. They don't think about you at all.
Maybe no one if they expire worthless. There was a lot of hype around this ticker here before IPO. way more than now. It went down 10% and stayed there for a month. Company that exist for 17 years and never turn profit suddenly is money printer? Because it's publicly traded now?
Says the dude who will be sucking d underneath a bridge fir loose change and smokes in a year time
you’re long vol. you play your odds. apparantly a lot of my plays (check my thread post history, i’ve made 4 total) are good odds
Shit sucks bro. Gym and restaurants :( I been Gymming 6 day’s a week since June and haven’t gotten Covid yet. Smh.
Edgy hedgy
Is VXX similar to SPXS, only not triple leveraged?
[deleted]
At least he was consistent. If he posted half way thru, I could have made money inversing him, fck
What the fuck are you even saying
It’s so small that they don’t break it out in reporting. On a business that does $10B in annual revenue, vast majority is hardware (GPUs and Tegra SoC). You aren’t buying this company for a subscription software play
Does reading furry fan fictions count?
Bought some 55 dec calls for NIO before citron released their report on Friday, AMA
Not long. A couple months maybe? Icln definitely helped. Gave me about 6k in a couple days.
[deleted]
He learned: screenshots of 6 figure losses = major returns in WSB karma points.
I have an amazon basics antenna and a coffee maker. Antenna is great but the coffee maker is meh. I wish they had amazon basics grocery stuff like tortillas, etc and they undercut Walmart's brand. I would order $40-$50 of stuff right away.
What strike👀 thinking of going in on Monday open
What leaps are you buying? I'll probably do the same thing just not sure which one yet
My only play next week is probably NVDA put credit spreads for ER
Also stretch 
Focus on your Quads, hamstring, psoas (spelling) and IT. Bands. My IT and paoas were so fucking tight it was pulling my knees out, which resulted in my calves tightening up to counter the pulling causing pain
Someone on r/options asked about FDs instead of playing the lotto, got me thinking about the expected payoffs
Don’t sleep on 420 gang either 

Ganja = green
It means you present you ass so the bear has the option.
I really hope it's absolutely life ruining for him. Someone this fucking dumb deserves to lose everything.
Just be weary of the wash sale rule.  
I got an unexpected surprise a few years ago when I had to pay a ton of taxes, even though I was net down for the year.
Sorry, can’t post small cap or I’ll get banned. I’m small cap heavy in depressed stock based on industry(invest in underperforming small cap tech or manufacturing).
Yeah, I got caught in that. Picked up my broken toys and went home
Damn. The first one really is free.
oh sheesh, gonna def get calls on Monday
Buckle for the win
Son of a bitch I’m out Bc I’m deep in NIO and it’s a better call
I agree they are paying a ton right now but I'm looking long. Budgets are going to have to give up something.
Did you hold?
You need a good sole. Buy the Walkhero ones from Amazon, saved my feet
I’m in.
The average normie is a simp cuck low testo soyboy retard

Fuck the normie simps

🤡🤡🤡

Change my mind
unsubscribe
You forgot one thing: WSB mass of retards can stay irrational longer than you 🌈🐻 can stay solvent.
[deleted]
Just a little tip. Use your tfsa for safe index investing. You have nothing to gain from investing in risky stocks. You either lose contribution room forever and can't write your loses off your taxes, or you make a lot of money and get audited by the CRA and most likely end up paying taxes + penalties on your gains. It is basically a lose lose situation.
You might be right. I think it's going higher based on guidance and has a lot of room to go from there--way more room for short and medium-term growth than I think NIO does at this point--but I'm not going to tell other people I'm certain of it based on my measly 3k of shares.
No but coffee plus weed is a great Sunday morning
Hindsight is 2020
Godspeed dumbass, see you next paycheck
Positions?
Losses so bad you turned your wife gay...
[deleted]
Brooks are amazing for wide feet(4E). Walking shoes are little Heaver for then others but no pain running / walking makes the weight worth it
And their Amazon Basics revenue
It can be both. Did both Friday.
I think it will be red due to the other peaks of covid
both do, with all the hacking attacks and cyber security issues weve been having in recent years, like protecting personal info and data, there is a growing demand for cyber security services, but hey, wtf do I know
That's a respectable move.
[deleted]
I stick mine in one all on my own...
It’s a bold strategy, Cotton
5 monitors for porn and robinhood on the phone.
Imagine started trading at the end of March and see your portfolio grow so fast:”wow making money is easy”
nov19-23
When the market turns and you’re trading based on Macd and VWAP as your indicators(with some Ic guidance) your options might go from +$2 otm to +.10 otm in a matter of seconds while having stayed the same price or only losing a few cents. It’ll happen in a matter of seconds and go down for hours...
5-2

[https://chess.org/play/bacfb108-72e1-470f-b0b9-7e3b90c103fe](https://chess.org/play/bacfb108-72e1-470f-b0b9-7e3b90c103fe)
“***We are not in support of a nationwide lockdown***,” Dr. Atul Gawande, a  professor of surgery and health policy at Harvard and a Biden advisor,  told ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday. “You can have targeted measures  building on mask wearing to include widespread testing, can include  dialing up and down capacity restrictions, and those measures need to  happen on a more localized basis.” 

[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/15/coronavirus-top-biden-advisor-says-national-lockdown-measure-of-last-resort.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/15/coronavirus-top-biden-advisor-says-national-lockdown-measure-of-last-resort.html)

Seem like no Nationwide lockdown and now we just need Stimmy talk again then market will moon hard.
space balls
Puts were hella expensive, its not as easy as you think
🚀
Should bought more
[deleted]
interesting
Just like all the "look at all the tendies from nio" posts, i think I've read this one 20x in last few days but the retards still need to hear it
TSLA -15% LOL
yea, the chart looks ripe for a big breakout. when is the testflight due?
Yeah, I might jump in Monday. It's been flat for a long time.
Meltup has begun.  I’m hedging with puts cause nothing but air gaps between where we are now and $330-ish, but I’ll be playing daily ATM calls tomorrow.
Spent half my money on drinking, hookers, blow, and gambling.  The other half I just wasted. (OTM options)
no man, faang is a customer of rapid 7, and more companies will start developing cyber security arms that will then become clients to rapid 7 and others
You would think so. Especially with regional lockdowns starting to pop up. But it's clear that the market doesn't really give a fuck. Gonna see a million Americans die and the market at all time highs. SPY 400 by mid December.
You’re gonna wipe yourself out paying for LEAP spreads
EOW*
The number one cause of death in the US is FD's that expire worthless. Stay safe out there bois.
If Solo opens at $10, I will literally buy one of those ugly things and donate it to someone in need
 idk china entering a trade bloc without us was actually expected what  was surprising is how long it took them to do it. It's pretty much like  how the US trades with Canada and Mexico in NAFTA. I wouldn't call it  bad news since NAFTA doesn't affect China or others. But it all depends  on the terms on the papers that they signed. 

still this is a boom to chinas companies, dont know how ADR's will react...
shambles. with more vaccine news it's filling 325 gap
Yes they selling to commercial now
We’re gonna lose this Monday
Lol probably. Their aws revenue is probably going parabolic
You have beautiful penmanship
Dips like this are becoming much more short lived.
Just like 2018 you better have took advantage.

I noticed that turning point for the rally was when the Fed / Secretary of Treasury / Major Banks all decided to hold a meeting.
Best thing you can do for them is encourage them to lose more. You're not going to get a gambler to quit his fix, you need them to hit bottom and come to that realization himself
Suck my dick if we’re opening red tomorrow
Because you can learn to do your own research which will help you produce consistent gains instead of consistent losses from riding everyone’s wave after they’ve already sold out.
An option means a gay bear had the option of hibernating for winter right?
Yea, it’s definitely Robinhood...
Not at all. It's fucking tough to do it well. People make it look easy online. Helps that my wife does short "arsty" haircuts. Hah
[deleted]
i am a ni$$a
This guy living in 2050
Ah yes a professional retard
It will forever make me salty that I was in college back in 08 and didn’t give a fuck about stonks until years later
Whoever recommended Hades for switch awhile back is the real MVP... that game is fucking incredible!
Pump and pump some more you mean cuz they gonna be around for a long long time
Follow thru selling tomorrow but nothing significant, maybe 2%. Flat to up bias Tuesday. I'm betting on down in reaction to yearnings but it's a coin flip. Could do both, big initial pop and then a drop.
Amazon calls it is
If there is no electricity you won’t be seeing it though
253 vaccinations to prevent 1 infection.

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EmezgmAXMAMCDBT?format=jpg&name=large
It’s made all that much better because indices are basically all at ATHs too. It’s distilled autism
I only buy things for myself on my trades. Just like I have a price target to sell, I have a plan on where the money is going. 1/3rd for taxes, 1/3rd I keep to grow the portfolio. 1/3rd I treat myself on one item/experience. Each trade has a designated item tied to it based on how much the profit will be. The item is usually under the profit I make so I just leave it in my bank for a future use.
Weekend dow flat
This is so retarted that even RH employees must be keeping an eye on his portfolio and pasing it around in their garage office as a joke
The refiners were the ones to explode on Monday, all of them posted between 20-30% gains that day. Like PSX and VLO. They’re the ones closest to actual demand and benefit from a reopening the most, and will be crushed the most on prolonging covid
Hmmm I’m almost there just a few more and I’m gonna explode!
Was looking at my amazon cart and I clicked notifications. 

Trash bags went down 0.03

Amazon basics usb c went up from $5.96 to $9.10.
Expansive is a word though my dude
AMC. The next Netflix!
puts were damn expensive though lol
[Bloomberg article on Robinhooders ](https://www.benzinga.com/news/20/11/18374741/prescient-or-lucky-bloomberg-takes-a-closer-look-at-robinhood-traders)
Well u didn’t do a million trading that’s for sure
Like I said, I'm late to the party. I hope the NIO gang can continue to profit off it for the time being. Just wouldn't FOMO in right now.
Drill team 6 at its finest
rolling into next week with 5 monitors good luck everyone else
I see some green shoots.
Does fb always gap up overnight?
[removed]
Chill they are a guaranteed long term play, they supposed to be a 100B company
Do you think bears will lose more money on spy puts at the bottom back in March or at this triple top that they think is forming?
You citron scum
I want to right away say thank you for writing something worth reading. In my case any advice is appreciated because I cant yet value one person's opinion more then another's on here yet. 

I was a little confused. Do I use "Stop Price" as well as Limit Price or just straight up use Limit Price to set at 6 or where I feel comfortable? If I do use Stop Price I would need a quick tip what to set it to.

Honestly I'm not worried by NIO itself so much as it is the amount of money. You pretty much said it perfect about winning some compared to losing a lot.

By averaging down (for the 45) do you mean pulling out as soon as I'm safe?
If you got rid of puts, why don't you think the market will rise to my strikes? You think it will just trade straight?

I agree about the 70C. It was a really bad spur of the money decision because of some loses on another move. This is something that has confused me since day 1;. Even though the strike price is 70 will someone really still buy it even if its only lets say just $50-60?
yea wtf is he doing here
But also it seems like a play to get in and hold for a week or 2
But how do I trade on Robinhood if the powers out
that isn’t considered day trading?
Agreed ...it's sad  and sadly no badge of honor
I’m going to pour one out for all of you getting banned for saying the hard R and hard F words. Last week was a long week of watching the kids play at the playground while I had to sit inside. Go back to r/all if you can’t handle the casino
Love it
I'm not an addict either I just like crack
What year was this?
The usd monetary base that jpow doubled maybe
TLDR. Long Puts on CBAK right?
idk china entering a trade bloc without us was actually expected what was surprising is how long it took them to do it. It's pretty much like how the US trades with Canada and Mexico in NAFTA. I wouldn't call it bad news since NAFTA didn't affect China or others. But it all depends on the terms on the papers that they signed.

besides tech is at low point again and lockdowns only encourage folks to hop back on
My wife’s boyfriend does the same to me
Just Monday and Wednesday?
[deleted]
brodie, i feel like we've both seen eachother enough on this sub to know that we are both just retards and that is all
Fortunately for you, you don't have to understand derivatives to gamble around here
[deleted]
Having lots of charts is easy.
No
PLTR is COVID proof
what are the best starting stats for fallout 4? should I make my luck 10?
I kinda want a poster of this
Just go MSFT, AAPL, AMZN. They will pick off the little guys over time

Good for you! I have to watch a YouTube video on repeat until I feel confident enough to jump in....it’s never as easy as the guy in the video makes it look.
yea fr, i used to think it takes big money to win big money until i lost like 35k cause of greed, now i feel happy when i make like $100 on a quick scalp lmao
Completely agreed.  
Options trading is much worse.

The most I've ever been able to bet on a single hand of blackjack was 30K (only allowed 3 hands per person, 10K max).

With options, you can literally bet the entire farm one on play as there's no cap. I also get a much higher dopamine hit from playing options.  
The rush and anxiety from betting larger amounts and the value you get from one play (you can derive at least 24 hours of fun if you buy a 1DTE FD play at market open).

You'll get the rush from the entire market day, after hours, futures, pre-market and then market open.   
I haven't been back to the casino since, the only reason I can think of going back is because the weekends are boring!

Imagine that, going the casino to take a break from options trading.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/quantkim the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The question is do people or governments want to pay? Need funding and tax revenue to pay for it.
“We’re late to the party on Chinese ev’s, so let me show you something else we’re late to the party on.”
AI is in a place today where it actually works + low cost data storage & processing.
Shit I see what you mean, looks like docusign about to rippp. May have to make a play and update you on how it turns out. It’s looking almost identical to that low on sept. 17th.
Which scenario is sadder? 

The dipshit inheritance kid that wanted to show off to WSB and then posts blaming robinhood?

Or the guy who would take the time to make these fakes just for WSB approval?
also synopsys, but hey! wtf do i know
NIO will fuck call and put holders
Thats my biggest hesitation with going LONG with this company, they're too controversial and Thiel donated to 🥭. 

I am currently hoping "worked with CIA and DoD on contracts through multiple administrations since 9/11" is the signal they're too useful to not utilize and/or figure out how to sell themselves to avoid backlash.
Yeah it's called developing an exit strategy, trading is like sex...entering is easy, pulling out is the hard part
wow futures are fuckin drilling
If the market pussies out because of Covid imma lose my shit
He posted that it was 10 years of savings + ETF gains.
Repost
[Take a look at this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/f75eod/thank_you_for_giving_me_moderator/)
During that run you could literally FOMO into puts on almost anything and double up within the hour
Good times
[deleted]
4-2

[https://chess.org/play/d851f133-3cbc-4b85-96e9-320908dde0b4](https://chess.org/play/d851f133-3cbc-4b85-96e9-320908dde0b4)
Fuck 💦💦💦💦
It’s called a heat map
$20 before EOM
My calls will print tomorrow bc we always open green on Monday right?
Trampoline artist in a former life
Didn’t Dave Ramsey say this?
Depends on the ticker ie. Premiums
Moon, take it or leave it
Then who will hold the bags after the dump?
[deleted]
Your wife’s boyfriend must be so proud of you
[deleted]
[deleted]
Everyone laughs at eccentrics until history proves them right, same reason why artists get famous after death.
NIO is going to go green Monday/Tuesday with the earnings coming up. It's a no brainer. Do you have a position in NIO?
Pltr to the moon
Wish I could have bought more on this day
Thinking about doing this as well
Chrono Cross Bay-Beeeee
Nah, I asked we’re all good
Over 1 year exp?
[deleted]
I agree
I see a sale
Perceived good er is a bad thing.
Lol
His name?

Albert Einstein
Buy monthlies and play em like weeklies if you want to swing trade
good shit, how long did it take to get back
As long as he wears same kind of mask as McAffee I'm ok with that
let's not call us that. let's just stick to the tickers, eh? haha
It doesn’t matter. They have truly found that out because a lot of them probably thought money would fulfill them, but they still find themselves unfulfilled by money
Bullish on market, bearish for NIO
questions from a noob, would appreciate some help

why is volatility better for traders?

how can you learn more about markets & the way current events affect them?

any news sources you recommend?
We lost a lot of good men out there
hello, market maker!
My gf makes me put my penis in one of those
Im poor and shit and got about 500 dollars to invest . I think I ll buy PLTR and hold them for a year or two. If it goes to 200 in this time, well, its more than I earned this year so its good enough for me.
[deleted]
I think he’s trying to keep up a delusional and dogmatic following. It’ll help make the next presidential election feel even more like a crusade and boost his public speaking / media fees. And he can play up his place as “president in exile.” 

The only part that doesn’t make sense in my mind is why so many are going for it.
God, can you imagine the chaos? It would be insane.
Crsr predictions eom?
40
Plantar Fasciitis more than likely. You need better shoes. Nikes are absolute trash for running now a days. 

I’d recommend a good pair of Brooks
If you bought 10k leaps on any of those you would be up 500% right now
an army
Better off investing in an ETF
lmaoooo
I am patiently waiting for a day like March 12th and 13 when the s&p dropped 8% then jumping 9% the next day back to back 10 baggers playing puts and calls
Neither does OP apparently:

>The market(by market I mean some journos and analysts) still seems to  misunderstand their product and think they are a data mining company, a  consultant company, a fancy government contractor for specialist  software etc. It is not any of them. I will let you discover yourself  what this company is.

At least he explained what they're *not* 🙄
Vacation every year. Need to treat yo self
Because my options let me outperform inflation on a daily basis. I don’t buy and hold, I buy, sell and rotate. Check my comment history, I called the qqq collapse a month ago, I called the sharp drop after aapl split(my own advice I didn’t take), and I call out individual stock squeeze and short opportunities accurately. I have confidence in my investment strategy but I want insurance in case I consistently fail. I am happy sitting on 5-300% daily gains off of a 80-10-10 portfolio. How’s is your portfolio performing with more invested?
Someone help...are my weekly ZM calls (420 strike) gonna put me in shambles or make me happy boi this week?
Y”all need to stop with this . I bought in pltr before all the hype around 9-10 but I am getting nervous with the amount of pltr posts here
100 percent man and good luck. They could crush earnings then mention stimulus like last earnings and it tanks. 

They needed to sell Venezuela stores the lose won’t be on the books for a while also.
certain market makers are allowed to pump their institutional holdings.  try to keep up, fucker.
The low volume on this stock makes me worry about a pump and dump. At least that's the vibe I was getting last week.
Is that the weeb DLC?
You ain’t my ni$$a if you don’t owned PLTR
Max/Mining instead of Min/Maxing
Look on the bright side. You can carry forward those losses thru the year 2153.
speak for yourself
You understand options are not sustainable and start investing in shares like a boomer you then take max 5% of your portfolio to do options gamble... or not once you have money you don’t want to waste it in stupid gambles you want a safe longterm return
I think it could go either way. Up or down that's my prediction.
[deleted]
also fellas, if you want an obscure not hyped yet field to invest in that will def reap huge growth in 2-3 yrs is cyber security. crowdstrike is alright, but its got a lot of hype from the pandemic trade... a company like rapid 7 with stellar financials will triple its stock price in 1-3 yrs. cannot go tits up
She caused it
Hope you're not right--I added an edit which hopefully clarifies that I'm meaning this to stimulate discussion about other under-the-radar plays rather than specifically push CBAK.
Its called hedging and currency hedging is the easiest one. Your should try it if you really have 80% cash reserves. It makes no sense.
You YOLO'd wrong. You're supposed to use margin.
I bought a car that day. Hindsight, certainly should just shoved into the market instead.
Up 5% open to flat at .51%
IV
[removed]
Makes that antitrust shit look like a head fake to get this deal done too.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Probably Barron, the dude is 7 foot tall
We also have healthcare ;)
Yeah, sucked seeing my portfolio drop 60% on my birthday.... lol, I was like ‘Thanks motherfuckers, for the worst birthday in the worst year ever!’
This sub is getting ridiculous! The rule says no pump and dump is allowed but one month old accounts are getting away with pumping stocks. Those posts are even getting  stickied. But, when you post requesting a thorough moderation of DD posts then your post get removed by votes from 2-3 months old users.
https://www.reddit.com/r/running/search?q=Shin%20splints
Hahahha
Thank you I’ll have a look into it
694.20 even
Is anyone NOT enjoying these loss porns on the front page with 50k+ losses. It hurts to see someone out of their life savings in a month of trading
$TDOC calls 😎
Shadow of the Colossus, Final Fantasy series, Persona series and Silent Hill 1-3 are top tier
I hate him
Wut? What does Pokimane have to do with anything?
nice
Retard
That’s my logic, I have lost a ton but when it goes it going to be epic
Buy anything with Chinese characters in it
Kids can just buy them?
Yea, but the 13th was down 10% and 16th was down 8%. Those two days was a complete meltdown.
Human beings in a mob. What’s a mob to a king?
Right! My biggest regret at the moment is selling Lyft right before this big climb, other than that I feel pretty good about myself now!
fellas, look into the spac called pcpl - supply chain mangement company with very lil competition and huge growth prospects in this newish field. My friends institutional firm is on it hard... u can get in at 10.15 and after the spac, it should moon but worse case scenario is the stonk tanks below 10, but if you bought before spac, you can make the owner buy all of your stock for 10 bucks a pop... literally cannot go tits up
motherfucker.. that gif is fucking beautiful.
JD and BILI earnings this week. Big ups. China economy stronk. 💪😤
Sounds like heaven but I think the 27th is more reasonable for that price.
Don´t quite. Do the opposite and you will be rich
Ok call me a Kiwi, I'm coming home to New Zealand
I think there could be correction/pullback telated to lockdown, but there’s very minimal chance of a March-like event. 

Only something truly unexpected (mink strain spreading like wildfire, killing people) could create a fear crash like we saw in March.
No wee are not junkies
I stopped buying speculative puts a long time ago.  There has to be a very good reason to, and you have to be ahead of the game
Gl! Will need to moon like 30% or get itm calls
When I started on here I only daytraded weeklies. Then once I fell below 25k and couldn't pull out at will I dropped down to about 5k or 6k.. now I've switched to leaps that I can just hold until they are profitable and it's crazy seeing my portfolio actually going up over time. I never hold my leaps longer than a few days usually but it's nice not having to worry about a drop in price day to day. Back up to about 23k
Cash gang waiting for a part 2
I was a little late to the game so I’m only up 40% but time is on my side for once.
[deleted]
Mods
You might wanna go hop on one of those dr scholes things and see where all the pressure on ur feet are, u might need just a lil more arch in ur feet and ur shins won’t hurt anymore, had a similar problem and once I got inserts the problem went away
Sunday’s are my favorite day of the weekend by far. Futures and football
I’ll donate with you.
Well, it was a full book that is trying to summarize the life experience of a dozen world class traders. Many started with just a personal portfolio! It is def worth a read and totally free!
I have all cash and use the "wheel" strategy
I think I would probably not on a bad day
>they try to remain true to their Libertarian "not my problem what you use us for, we just want the money" philosophy.

That's hardly an excuse for doing fucked up shit

Didn't work out so well for Oppenheimer...
Id cum
They don't say that
Nah. Lost a ton of money. Didn't feel shit. Fake numbers on a screen really have a way of desensitising you to what you're doing, which is gambling on contracts worth more than most people's mortgages.
355 open
⬆️📈
Asia forming a trade agreement without United States. Ummmm. WTF Better get them Chinese stocks now

Source: https://youtu.be/4Ntf_5ORrp4
Go to a running store where they watch your form, it sucks
gang gang
Thing called priced in lol
The markets are done. 10000 point correction coming up.
Smaller and faster recoveries, despite many of those times still having some amount of fiat.

So fiat currency is responsible for the Industrial Revolution now? Once again, you show your ignorance by not thinking about multi-variate analysis...
You cant. This 🤡 probably tries to pay rent with his pinball high score
Virgin gang going to buy some fleshlights after daddy Branson brought them some fresh tendies

🤡🤡🤡
Did it help fuel optimism?
I didn’t even know money could have a comma, thanks for the motivation OP!
I've been holding onto my Virginity for 25 years and I ain't stopping now!
Call your broker
The market has a little more than that one of them and it looks good but it is a lot more expensive than the north way of it to the north and it is still worth a little bit more than it looks so far the same thing that is a true spectacle of time and it is still a good idea for the game to be able to play with a couple bucks for free lol ya gotta go get away with the game and get a pass for free and it will be fun for a couple hours lol ya know it
I feel attacked. This is me with Fitbit. I had 360 contracts at one point lol
Thank you much appreciated.
Pump pump it up
[deleted]
I was just going to say, it was pretty clear that shit was going to hit the fan for real in early februari
Yes.
It doesn’t matter to them
That's the worst part lmfao.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ah. Yea makes sense
Stocks I like and will keep going forward

Value stocks: GE GM F BA CCL NCLH DIS SPCE RKT

MJ: CGC GRWG TLRY APHA

Tech: MSFT APPLE MU AMD DKNG TSLA BLNK

China: BABA Weibo BZUN IQ TME NIO XPEV

Retail: HD WMT TGT

Hope this helps you
yea could happen, e.g. if there is a blackout attack on the USA, no electricity for 3-7days and the market gonna crash similar.
You need better shoes. Shin splints shouldn't really be caused from just running. Either that or you need the proper orthotics.

Also don't keep running on them if you've developed bad splints. Take advil daily, try to find time to ice, and let them heal up. If you don't it can develop into stress fractures.
Bruh, I went all in on FUTU, BABA, and JD calls on Friday. What color lambo should I get?
everything china gonna pop bigly tm, i bet us tech doesnt do too well but the value rotation will happen again like it did last monday cuz of vax announcement.
Abt to take a .2 rn
@ the mods 🅱️
All of the major auto MFGs are in easy positions to take over once the basics consumer moves into the EV market. Many of the Hot EV stocks today will simply dissolve. Mark my words: This post will get banned because there are no options for CBAK.
Lol it's so funny to see the same shit every Friday afternoon here, "you'd have to be a retard to hold calls over the weekend" then all weekend you hear "I sure hope you held calls/puts for the Monday gap up/down"!  It's clock work around here
We are in desperate need of a global reset caused by an external cataclysmic agent. People are more fucking stupid than ever before and we’re too accepting of it.
Lose the rest of it first
Told you already - 1350
I constantly think about the guy who went on CNBC in the middle of March as the experts were saying the sky was falling... this dude said we’d see new ATH in 2020.  He said this as the market was literally hitting circuit breakers and people were buying SPY 100 puts.  The person conducting the interview looked very confused.  I wish I could remember that fella’s name.
^^^ this ^^^
😂
Just starting to I’ll see you next week
A glorious day for bears
Sure merge with a SPAC or find some sketchy bankers

But when you talk to real bankers they look for $100 million plus

Hence my response, “usually $100 million”

It comes down to the cost of the IPO and the additional reporting requirements. Not worth it if you’re making $10 million
If the rock is wet, it is raining.
One day brother.
Once in a lifetime event. People will be smarter next time. That’s what happens every drop. During crash it’s risk > reward, then at some point, people think the reward > risk and you watch it skyrocket
What the FUCK.
Grabbed 5 when option came out and it’s 100% already
I would have pissed away 10k on booze I presume.
Post screenshots of positions for us to beat off to OP. Also tell us how old and what job you have. I think you should buy back in in a few months and take your lessons learned to make it to tendie town.
[removed]
Rating?
scroll to the bottom of his posts (8 months ago) and read upward. You see them write "what options did you play?" and then followed by "I lost 6 figures".
Buy a bike
Sounds legal to me
Better shoes, stay off concrete
There’s a lambo car club in Denver
No there’s definetly a curve on the inner side but I thought that was normal
Where my Virgin Gang at? SPCE to $30
Couple of greens. My portfolio included which I subsequently blew off.
Nope, not really. In fact, I have no addiction apart from loosing money in otm calls.
This makes it even better though, when he realizes the pardons are useless, he flees a country with no extradition treaty and goes full McAfee
[deleted]
Bulls too. I'd kill for another day like that. Lose one bet for a year of glowing opportunity, fuck yeah.
Not at all. I’m a huge advocate for Amazon I got in at 984 in 2017 and I’m still holding. Amazon is such a dominating force and always will be unless they get broken up. But why not get into the only company that has a shot to compete with them? No matter who wins you win. 

Amazon and Walmart are huge winners during this pandemic, even though WMT stock wise might not show it yet.
FB
I shorted BA from 400 to 180 and thought that was enough. Killed me to watch hit drop another 50%
Make donations with profits great again
Just blocked that chess retard. Annoying af
Lots of companies dont have even close to 100mm and are public
Hah. I cut for a living (own a barber shop), but women's hair scares me. She got a fucked up cut from a stylist though so I had to fix it.
Video game soundtracks are unrated
[removed]
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Unpopular, factual, opinion

**URL:** https://redd.it/jup7i2
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jup7i2) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/NarrowTangerine5575, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Jack-Skinne
NarrowTangerine5575
Whoknowsx94
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Oh you mean went on discount?
Virgin gang 🙌🏻
where do you trade? Looking to get into it as I'm from the UK too
I’ve got the 15C but yes Winston this is the way
[deleted]
Please don't tell me you spent it all on cocaine
It really is, but I just wanted to post it so I could copy/paste it to redditors’ comments that say, “you don’t try to help anyone.”
Do u have flat feet?
Don't run.
If we gap down I’ll donate 420.69 to St Jude
Calls on TDOC I think it’s time
Welp. Best of luck next time.
I was in rural Peru and hadn't looked at my portfolio for months. Account killed but worst of all, I missed my chance to buy every major stock on half price 😩

I would have been a thousandaire by now!!!
Imagine being a fund manager and betting other people's retirement on fucking NKLA. Autistic legend.
Anyone know what stocks those tiny spots of green are? Those are the ones that’ll stand by you through good times and bad and in sickness and in health
😳👀🌚
So are we bearish or bullish tmr?
Invest in more 0dte options and u can get nicer stuff for the fam they'll be so happy!
Doesn’t matter. The market will overlook short term lockdowns if a vaccine is on the horizon
I really hate when rich people say money doesn’t matter.
oh yes daddy thanks for this sexy post on this retard subreddit lets drive prices up i own 10 shares I hope 1 share hits 30$ before year end. btw fuck all of you bears.
Went from down 20k to up 15k with my spy 300c for 12/18. I paid $10 per contract bruh.
\#MeToo
Ask Trevor
This sub gives the best medical advice so here we go... Shin splints while running, how do I avoid them? Do I need a new pair of trainers with cushioning?
Why does it say “Free stock” at the top right then?
Came to the comment section to see how the app specifically fucked him still havent found it
Now I am worried. In Japan stonks DON'T always go up...
I opened in august. Jumped into an options trading group not knowing what I was doing lost 1500 off of my first 2 options trades. 

Made half of it back then lost a bunch more after the tech sell off. Just started regularly trading made some money then got greedy hopped back into options then lost all of my gains lol.
Ahh I see.  Well the company either way will still have a test flight.   There might be a dip on Monday, but There is still a lot of people waiting to buy in on any dip.
First, im not the one to ask for this but I can try.. This might pump again before ER. Set limit sell orders for the 45C at 6.00 or whatever you feel comfortable going higher at. 

It seems to me like you are realizing you bet more than you were willing to lose so it's better to lose $20 and miss out on a couple hundred than lose most of $600 chasing a few hundred. You can set a stop loss conditional order on robinhood. 

Again, I dont think you were trying to yolo and probably were disturbed by how unsafe this play felt after buying it (I know that feel). So get out and live to die another day. You may miss out on doubling your money but thats rhe max I can possibly see. 12.00 would have a breakeven of 57, with IVs at 200% and controversial ER, not smooth sailing. It says theta is -.45 but I imagine that changes constantly the OI going into tomorrow is enormous. 

If this is a yolo, just average down should nio drop below 40 again Monday.i sold most of my puts i wanted to hold post er because of how volatile this stock is. 

The 70C needs to be dropped, someone else will probably buy it 1.60 but that's not one to diamond hand even if you wake up with enormous confidence
Lockdowns and COVID numbers are bullish you fool
Makes us all look like saints
Was looking for something like this, thanks op.
Thoughts on Macy's early black friday sale on earnings reports / outlook for the year?

&#x200B;

edit: i know the sales number wont be in by earnings / wouldnt count for this quarter but curious how it factors into the call/investor sentiment/outlook
Atleast you’re being cautious. Grandma wants me to come through for christmas. I’m having the feeling that it’ll be best to sit this christmas out
Alcohol is a wonderful drug.
See you next week
How I change title?
My biggest position thus far. Fingers crossed 🤞🏻
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ntf_5ORrp4
I'm not hating but genuine question here: they went 17 years being unprofitable, so why now all of a sudden business will start growing exponentially? Did their business model change?
I like catching falling knives, not buying at the peak and selling in panic tyvm. Aapl taught me that lesson(bought the “dip” at 129 and 126). I’ll go ahead and wait till stuff tanks and I can pick it up with more confidence like HSBC, CRS, VRS when I bought them.
Theta is not a thing to people here
Nope, negative expected value
retard blames robinhood for his own decision making process
anyone else just take a dab
Hope it explodes! Lol long Dec calls rofl
Time value would give you more flexibility in managing the position and making stable income in that position as long as you expect the price to hold above your targeted price level.
This is what wealth does to people. You'd think $1500 would be sufficient to retire and live a lavish lifestyle, but that gets lonely. OP's riches require our validation
FDs actually have better chances
we getting shunned out of the second major international trade deal
There's confusion around this date. I first read 180 days from direct listing, but then started seeing some people say January. The best answer I found was on page 72 of their prospectus filing to the SEC. Its worded weird, but my takeaway was mid February. It basically says insiders can sell remaining shares 3 days after earnings for year ending 12/31/20 are made public. So I'm assuming that means 3 days after their Q4 earnings report. Q3 was last week so 3 months from there roughly?
Stop interrupting my fanfic, sir.
I'm all in on AMZN
Aye aye captain!
Every time you lose, just double your next bet until you win
I'm going to miss the Geekend Plow tonight
Lol
The lotto is a form of taxation for the poor
So SPCE 80C for this week is what I’m hearing
That's my point. Are people just scared of the risk?
Gandhi said "be the change you want to see in the world"

Following that bit of advice has screwed me over more times than I care to mention... YMMV
Indeed
Don't tell the Anti-Vax the cause is the stock market, not the vaccines. lmao.
Omg just realized one of Trump's sons is gonna be Prez in the Future
Take me to Vegas🤑
Have you tried restarting your phone?
"let's see here I bought 100 calls of this $5 per stock company. But maybe they'll announce their partnership with tesla this week and go up to $100 a share. Let me just do the math and figure out what that would make me.. and then just go ahead and budget that into my life and figure out how I'm going to spend it".
99$
This is a sign for all in calls on MAR, height 7’01”, there is an F next to it too so I’m conflicted now. - Put lotto ticket holder.
Anywhere between 30-90
The devil’s. Lol it’s Robinhood
Always pass to the left?
And I bought the entire way down.

$$
Why do you think so?
Pltr
There are prosecutors that will tear him apart the second he leaves the White House. It's not a good outlook for him.
What’s the difference between FDs and lottos?
I began adding Jan22 LEAPs at beginning of last week. 

For long dated calls I really like AMD NVDA SPOT PLTR
Kind of lol I’m good for the time being. Living at home while in college bc Rona and unemployment checks kind of saved me tbh
So you had 2 ply hands instead of diamond hands. Pussy next time dont be a bitch and hold that shit to expiry
He lived everyday like it was Opposite Day
Hence the word “usually”
No pardon for state crimes. Donny stretching out that prison pocket.
Oh ok managed to get in the next one anyway. 7-0
BBW, BBC, CUK, VAG

You’re welcome.
Well there is retarded and then there is really retarded!
3-2

[https://chess.org/play/db1120ca-b4af-44c0-8a3b-6a36d9ace213](https://chess.org/play/db1120ca-b4af-44c0-8a3b-6a36d9ace213)
This is the way. Yolos are fun to look at, but chasing them has probably led to 95% of the loss porn on this sub imo.
Get the fuck out of here with that lost 3% bullshit.
Ah, the great buying opportunity. Good times.
Idk, but it sounds like playing both sides itm right before some sort of catalyst,  SPY will probably overreact....tendies
Nkla wants a word
gay
Does anyone here play Powerball or Megamillions like regularly? I imagine some people contribute a set amount weekly to the lottery. Can’t win if you don’t play but is it worth doing?
>stock tank

stank
Not much point, it's not federal charges that he's got problems with.
Sold all my tesla shares 3 days prior to the split news. I knew it would fucking moon. And it did. 0 insider knowledge for me
The party involving new companies is mostly over, since as you mentioned the production capability on companies like Fisker is too far out. 

The next opportunity will be correctly guessing which legacy automaker will have the best EVs as the fight for market share takes hold. It will be less about innovation as the tech peaks and more about execution, design, and driving dynamics.
Why the fuck are you posting this 7 months later?
Less exposure to short term volatility
My asshole
Hahaha well at least with that mindset you’ll probably never lose 20k
Almost perfect just do the exact opposite and you will be rich!
> if there’s anything I learned from 2nd grade social studies, it’s that you don’t mess with Texas.

Mexicans yeeted the alamo. Daddy pump cucked ted cruz. The cowboys are the entire nfl's bitch.

Texans will applaud the efficiency by which personal data was shared because it was done by private business and not the state. Calls.
That’s the most retarded thing I’ve ever heard
I would be okay with downtrend in morning and vaccine news at end of day
No tax on Gambles. No tax on lotto winnings either
sadly no, i didnt get accepted
I swear. I’d have more money
I wanna know too
Retard is a term of endearment on this sub
I don’t understand how this happens did you just open an account and yolo it all?
A day to remember. I picked up 16x 250p 3/20 for $2.58 and the morning of the 16th sold each contract for $16.26. Tooks those profits to buy a lesbaru outback.
Rotation into ?
This guy us stock market is going up like 80% of the time and you bought puts... were not even locking down again yet and you bout short term puts... you need to plan your trades better than this if you want to kill the game bro... 😐😐😐
SPCE better blast that damn space ship off this week or I am absolutely fucked
ya dont worry my grandma bought 1 million worth of PLTR, her name is Cathie Wood. ARKW.
🥭 gonna resign so he can get that Pence pardon. The season finale is finna be lit. 🔥
By going into account -> Transfers -> Transfer from "Robin Hood" to "Banking Account".
Why not buy a weekly you pussy
Always thought it was the scissor company
OmfgGgggg
can’t stop thinking about them tho
Thats a serious money making opportunity.
[deleted]
72
Gonna happen regardless we might as well make some fucking money off of it
He will probably be fine but he’s an idiot for rallying against taking Rona precautions and then getting it
lmk when u figure out how to fix that, have similar problem
A 5 year CD would have him set up for life
Fuck LMAO!
Dude ... should of taken out 300k and played with the 100k in profit. R.I.P.
Getting shutdown
My guess, opens at 46-48, closes at 52-55
[deleted]
It’s not Robin Hood’s fault you’re retarded. It enables, but not its fault.
The 3rd trading day after they post their Q4 revenue
Can you drop me 30k too! Would love it if you could donate to me.
Ban for no options >:(
Bro my Sealy Posturepedic arrives in 2 weeks fuck my life
exactly.
Up a bunch on SPY puts in March was a dream man
Wow really? How about gambling tax? Do you guys have that? Over here in CA its like 35-40%..
Reminds me, I need to go check how my hertz calls are doing.
over here googling what to do about my massive erection all weekend
https://www.palantir.com/solutions/

They do a lot
Thought I was the only person that did this. I think I’m terrible at it, but she keeps coming back.
“Im sorry sir, you will have to leave. This platform is RETARDS only.”
Saved by the circuit breaker
Love these fairytale-land-optimism posts. You guys are so cute!
Everyone on here commenting are mostly assholes and trolls, but on a serious note I hope you are doing ok man.
[deleted]
And I thought I was bad at trading my 200 dollar account ballance
i think u can still buy some now. with the hype around the upcoming test flight, i think it could finally breakout of this mid-20 range and hit the 30s.
Close your Robinhood acct. Go to the dumpster behind Wendys. You’ll know what to to next.
A👏🏻E👏🏻S👏🏻
Viewing this as Karen would black Friday > 🌈🐻
[deleted]
Thanks buddy!
Buying puts at open
Ask really nicely for a refund
Nice maths
I’m literally part of the Trump Army... and man this dude is retarded. Like Jesus Christ you lost, take the L and stop lying to yourself. You’ll prob run again in 2024 and if it’s not you it’s prob one of your sons lol
I’m on it boss
If you expect a big upward swing in price for a stock in the near-ish future why would you buy a leap instead? Like, why would I buy a 2023 leap instead of a 1/21 call?
Constantly.
Hope all you sloots picked up calls for tomorrow otherwise pepper ur angus.
Make the stand. Win or lose you will change, as oppose to not double down.
Antonio j. "thank you" has some cheddar!!
Hopefully not broke hahaha I have high hopes we’ll see
I wish I could read
Anyone in here part of drill team 6 ? 😭
Don’t think you understand how ark buys. They are not looking for short term gains. Their time line is more like 8-10 yrs. They look at patterns that can disrupt industries in that timeline. It just so happened that a lot of these stocks made an insane growth run due to COVID creating that positive feedback loop. Sure they might pick up a couple of duds in that timeline, but since inception cathies funds have outperformed most funds and not because it’s a bubble
I cant imagine how you feel dude but life is a fucking test. You've lost 400k but you've also gained a 400k lesson.

THIS MOMENT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER.

With every action comes and equal and opposite reaction.

So make that reaction positive. Make it big. You got this mate.
Haha I was there with my balanced portfolio.  Ze bonds, they do nahssing!
Congrats and more importantly fuck off
Lol I had GE calls.
Dumped 90%of my shares Friday after-hours at no loss, but couldn't do anything with my options of course. Dec 18 calls. We'll see what happens. I hope to use the cash I raised to buy Jan calls at a discount.
It's just finding it's feet. Patience
🚀🌝
Anyone else ever buy a lot of calls and then come up with a completely impossible scenario that'll make your calls worth a shit ton of money like a merger or something, and then do the math of how much those calls would make you if they went up a hypothetical amount?
[removed]
"NiO iS gOnNa CrAsH"

me: watching someone make $102K in 12+ days.
lool

thats a real achievement I guess and doesnt really spark confidence if you reach that with only $350k
If a stock hits 0 the company is not operating lol don’t know if this is a troll but my account value is 0.00, that is not the price of any company’s stock
Microsoft
Welcome home
I’d rather buy cyclicals through options as it is cheaper than buying stock based on the durations I would be interested in, and I am really only invested in spacs and vix stock due to the cost of buying long options. I made triple digit profit percentages from fri-mon last week and I made 8% from mon-Friday. In short, with 17k invested I would’ve turned that into 40k within 1 week on returns. Different strategies help different people. My strategy may not work for you and your strategy may not work for me. We r all trying to fit a square peg in a round hole.
Bears need to post this so they can feel good again about their shitty positions. This feels like those people who re-enact the Civil War in their weekends...
One contract ♿️
puts on milk then
Great day. Picked up so many shares on discount.
WMT gang, you should all go shopping before earnings are out. Boost that EPS.
Holy shit. I have a 50c 11/20. I hope we all rise to VAHALLA.
Holy shit why? You're fucking insane. If this works out you're gonna be a WSB legend
To be honest I’ve never traded options, I only buy or sell a stock straight on.. so I couldn’t tell you.. what I can tell you is that I have absolutely NO idea where this stock is at in 2022... the maximum I dear to talk about is 3months from now..
Don’t even see the advantage with options.. wouldn’t buy a stock if I wasent sure of the speculation
It’s not easy, but as an American I think you have a pretty high chance of being allowed in!
Yea I took profits on the weeklies I had so the others are house money.
All of my own money. I have a rule where I don’t trade on margin or with anyone else’s money. I couldn’t forgive myself if someone trusted me with their money and I lost it all
[deleted]
PRPL calls
They still alive after 17 years just means they solid, just go all in
There is horny asian girl 3 miles away from u! What are you w8ing for tiger?
May be delayed due to NM going into lockdown again. If it’s a go definitely if not wait for the dip
been berating myself for not getting calls when it hit 19 this week smh
Weedmaps
[deleted]
AAPL calls confirmed
I’m not reading it all. Just say stonks go up and I’m in
Wouldnt reccomend with such high IV. Its gonna be 250% by ER. If I doesn't jump bigly, you're gonna hurt
what that
And yes this was [realized](https://imgur.com/a/3weMy2d), unlike many of other brave bears' of the time 😔
Could be. I'm not familiar with the players in the space beside Musk, etc.

That said, i think the cash creates a floor to price, ie dont buy 5$ or less puts.
Who is more ballsy.  Bulls long SPY despite new ATH and parabolic COVID cases, or Bears going short after the vaccine announcement.

Both sides definitely have merit.
Or next
Sounds like timely and relevent intelligence to me
last week was my worst due to monday wrecking my tech calls, hope we dont get any more knee jerk reactions like that.. this week will be choppy though i think.
My portfolio looks pretty good now
I didn’t even know you could take money out.
If you live in Colorado they’ll deliver weed to you via the use of an app 💨
I feel about the same way. I'm a much smaller fish, all I could afford was $2k on a 6/21/21 300C, when spot was \~265.

I feel pretty confident about just holding on to this thing straight into February (unless we gap up a hundred dollars, but I doubt that). What I'm wondering about is whether I should plan to ride it a little further and try to net A. earnings from Chinese New Year and B. Possibly a re-filing for ANT IPO. But then I'd be in the speedy 120-day theta decay curve. if we gap down on bad news it would be much harder to recover.

I think it's undervalued right now, and will see a jump from people FOMOing back in at some point, but I also expect a general appreciation in price because, well, it's a good company (assuming they're not lying on those unaudited financials I got from the SEC). $400 by March is very, very optimistic, but I don't think it's insane.
[removed]
We just want you to tell us exactly what to buy and when. 

We don’t have the time or attention span to learn how to think for ourselves!!!

But good post. It was long so I assume it was good. 👍
Pltr gang where u at
Repost.

And not DD.
DD flair rules appear to be getting more strict. You can also vote to remove low effort DD. But yes this sub is mostly people pumping stocks to benefit their own positions.
Wait a minute.
GUH
[deleted]
[removed]
that was the near term top, might retest highs (dont think so) but it'll correct/calm down probably
baba and all chinese companies are gonna soar on monday...the market is prolly gonna be big green
What a lesson to be learned huh? He made almost 100% profits. Then lost all of it and another 100% of his base.
Usually $100 million annually
Not often at all, but I really want a Tesla and my profits could easily cover the cost.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Let's talk about the DD posts in this sub

**URL:** https://redd.it/juot46
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juot46) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Start155, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
LostAK
Jack-Skinne
JG-Goldbricker
e1vjs
OverpricedBagel
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Is there a phone app for buying drugs
Guesses. Exactly.
[PLTR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palant%C3%ADr#:~:text=A%20palant%C3%ADr%20\(from%20Quenya%20palan,Arda%2C%20whether%20past%20or%20future.)
He even gambles on battery life.
first you go to zero, then become the hero
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nice man what stocks in particular? Just SPY? I always think about if I had pulled out my 45k at the peak and just invested it into SPY when it was down at like 220... I would have like 70k at 20!!
maybe, theres news about china: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ntf_5ORrp4
[deleted]
I have never seen so many people so bullish about a stock. Of course, that's probably why I missed the boat on Tesla.

PLTR will absolutely rip tomorrow.
Only when NY will unban the vaccine 😎
 Nice man I hope you like Orlando! Downtown is so fun depending what you’re into. I suggest visiting lake Eola on weekends and just relaxing. It’s the best.
By then they will have learned and the investment in VTI will have 4x
There goes my retirement. Guess I work till 102.
Anyone gonna tell him
Don’t worry guys, he still has one pending stock
Yet they posted 100% yoy earnings. 3b profit last quarter.
No it crashed the 9th
Why is this Robinhoods fault?!
ayo, that palantir dd was pretty fire on the main page, i think imma grab a fat amount of 2023 leaps on the next dip
Bought groceries this weekend with NIO profits.
Where did that ban hammer run off to...
Reason I suspect is the guy r/vg_spoilers said be prepared for a delays and the company is not except from the lockdown order.   Seems like he works at Virgin Galactic.
isn't the EM like 20%? .. you ok holding something that falls far
Lunges and Squats and deadlifts are the best leg/ass workouts for me. These along with the leg press machines are typically all I do for legs, but they're plenty.

Also, outdoor biking seems to be one of the best glute exercises out there.
Always hedge your bets.
sometime this week
This is def chump change for this guy
Sir I can’t read at all
$420
i doubled down on friday and im kinda nervous now ngl
Bro you literally would have been set just holding stock and selling covered calls. RIP
SPCE has a big test flight in a little over a week from now. Worth calls?
48-50.
Go fuck yourself
45c 11/20 ual - 10x and 14c 11/20 aal - 25x 

I was capping about it being my life savings lol, i just have 15k shares of ual as well and im hoping theres some profit to be made
So buy 50 calls and 50 puts
Can you explain what exactly you mean by MACD fucked?
22000+ in options volume on friday for the 23.5 weekly expiry 11/20

Edit: may have been thursdy but check out the oi on the chain for this week.
Baba
FPRX is still up 250% on the week. It has to come down eventually.
Ha I personally can’t play this one but hope it makes someone else money
Seems really messy when shit gets blasted.
Grabbed 1000 @ 9.945 yee haw
Delete robinhood, go scream on the real trading floor
3 doesn’t matter. Who cares.
They too will  be poor one day. It will hit them fast.
At least you made up for the loss with karma your post got!
I can’t tell if some of these Nio posts are satirical or not
Just cut my wife's hair. Now I'm gonna get stoned and watch Star Trek while she goes to visit her mom (probably code for her well hung bf).
Yea but how does this help me get 1000% by next week??
Guesses for nio open?
It’s not rated. Someone is probably already in
Yeah, I guess Goldman, Renaissance,  and Bridgewater are just some "NIO kids." And I guess the CCP have no idea what they're supporting
He said he likely has it and is now feeling mostly symptom free after having cold-like symptoms last week.
Tell your family the holidays are cancel
This guy is definitely not Floyd money mayweather
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
0
PLTR 20c.  2022 or 2023
i think its gonna lol
Yep I feel you hahaha I too got burned on Tesla calls lol. Honestly the game of options is super stressful. I found that when I wanted to check how the stock was doing but I was worried about seeing the price of my options I would just view the stock price either on google or on the “stocks” app (IOS). Robinhood really likes to plaster your account value right on the front page and can really make you feel shitty about yourself if you keep looking at it.
Nice.
There’s your problem, paper hands
Maybe it’s a bug but it says guests can’t join rated games
I personally do swing trading 3 to 6 months out when markets give me decent dips to buy and it’s been working so far!
3-1

[https://chess.org/play/b3c0e43c-dbab-4728-956d-22897b916f02](https://chess.org/play/b3c0e43c-dbab-4728-956d-22897b916f02)
You’re down less than 4%. Sell some calls if you’re so worried.
Big Chilean Green Hydrogen production plan in the works.  Based on solar and exporting it. Need to find some low priced Hydrogen plays.

[https://www.powerengineeringint.com/hydrogen/first-green-hydrogen-projects-emerge-in-chile/](https://www.powerengineeringint.com/hydrogen/first-green-hydrogen-projects-emerge-in-chile/)
I didn't know WMT was going to compete with AWS.
How much revenue for a company to go public
Explain plz
I also had 1000 at $7 cost basis. It went to $11 and then ER was so shitty it lost like 30% in one day. I listened to the call and it was super cringy as well with some Chinese dudes that couldn't answer any questions because they knew like 3 English words. But that was before it plummeted to $1.50 as well, kinda felt validated because I went out at a small loss long before that. So you would have needed some kind of devine insight to buy a stock that just plummeted the first year non-stop. I think NIO was also mentioned here quite often shortly after its IPO but people lost interest after it went to -80% IPO price.
You've convinced me to stick to r/sportsbook . At least when I'm betting on sports, I can be drunk the whole time. Time to put the mortgage on the seahawks... let Russell cook!
It was for a good cause
Walmart greeter for eternity
NIO is the one ER I plan to hold through. The upside potential is far greater than the downside at this point and the perceived good ER is bound to make this skyrocket. 

Am a bull; 11/20-27 45-55 calls. 

Funny how Citron isn’t required to disclose their position with such a report lol.
How often do yall actually take profit from portfolio and buy things? Have 4 shares of Disney that I bought back in April and thinking about getting the new Xbox. Or i could do more options and get 4 new xboxs 👀
He’s not old
There are phone apps for this in the Apple App Store
I’m joking my friend - there isn’t, but OP is blaming his $400k loss on RH. It’s...not RH’s fault.
What does that mean
Yeah but they don’t actually make a profit in fact they are bleeding money
rip brother, save all that money you woulda spent on her and purchase airline fd's every friday before a vax announcement
Need FSR to go up another 10% then ill sell and go all in on PLTR
I thought DD stood for dillydally dollarydoos
big down monday ?
Nice
Until you get a good grasp on trading just take the small/medium wins when possible and don’t throw all your money in at once. 

If you make a solid buy and are up a good bit sell a portion. Use this as a buffer incase things start going south.

Remember to hedge on risky plays. (You should probably almost always hedge tho).
Sounds fucking great to me
They sold out because there is little amount produced for now.

I knew it, they knew it, your grand parents knew it. 

It's easy to counter them with little bit of extra supply, but since they are in race with amd they had to run head first before amd steals noticeable market share.
Kinda screams bubble
F
i am
probably a thousand or two if you hold them for life

buy every week and never sell

this will not happen again
“What do you MEAN Nio isn’t making money 😡😡😡 “ -this entire sub on Tuesday
Ya I'm thinking mango money will pull out to make biden look bad
His lawyers are quitting because they don't want to be disbarred for wasting court time with lies.
Short PLTR. Got it
Best day of my life! Hands down.
LOL of all stocks you pitch and it’s Boeing. This will end well.
Ask for a refund
I'm in da boof wit marijuana eyes
Anyone in nyc rn wanna sex?
I want nothing more than for this to go away too. I’m on my second round of BABA. I just can’t see past the many layers of Chinese political bullshit and how it can push and pull the SP.
Are you a porn addict as well? Porn can lead to this kind of saddism.
And harvesting their organs. 

Allegedly...
hey i actually did this! and $1200 of mommy money
Aerotyne international
LOOOOOL
They took on a ton of debt at the worst time right before the virus but they're also somewhat protected from their main source of revenue being franchising. I think $55 puts by the end of this year are very possible though.
Just buy a $150 android. Its the same exact apps you're using
No puts fully invested in tesla
You mispelled fleece.
???
buying up shares everytime it dips under 80
I’m listening...
Got some GME calls that are waiting to be saved
I feel you man. I actually find it more rewarding making $20-$30 each day on my $500 cash account. Something about not starting with thousands makes the journey much more rewarding and I find that I can appreciate my gains much more. Cheers
Sir this is a casino
I wish you luck. IV crush is gonna be insane
Got a STD song, just for you. Enjoy.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3LfsfIvaLQw&t=205s
You're saying it was apparent she was losing money.
Doesn’t mean anything since a lot of states are going down this week. 
5 350p 11/20
MGA dividend day on 12/4, with the last day to be eligible for dividends being 11/19 to buy stock. MGA is known to have a high dividend yield. might have a little bit of a run up before 11/19. Thinking about calls Monday, especially if it's a red day after initial sell off
tbh i feel like i said it wrong so im gonna say it really stupid cause i actually do appreciate any advice. so one is $45 Strike Price and i bought it for $600 expiring the 20. the other call is $70 S.P for $160 expiring also 20. really appreciate anything helpful you might have to say
avg price?
SpaceX Crew Dragon launch at 7:27 pm.
Tell us more what happened?
I don’t think it’s the platform lmao. It’s operator error
Drink your own piss as your post history suggests you wanted to do it 5 months ago
Yep, it's absolutely viable  Its fluid though, dynamic; once a technical setup works too often, it often then fails. 

One important lesson I've learned about TA is failed follow thru from a reliable setup is often the most powerful market signal. 

Alexander Elder called it the "hounds of baskerville".

http://marketwizardsllp.blogspot.com/2009/08/hound-of-baskervilles.html?m=1
$100 per share
I bet she was pumping and dumping like what u did to her. All in nio
We out here.
Ban. So much text so little info.
Waste of a post.
You need a caretaker bro, wtf. And you said you lost money doing thetagang too? How is that even fucking possible?
Jesus i'm retarded
Its not that difficult. Just buy high, sell low?
Calls on BBBY got it
anybody have any feelings on RKT with the unusual options activity this week?
Could be getting picky, I guess in a perfect world that Moderna news comes out tomorrow morning
Hopefully this chip on the 18th will help us run. The enormous red candle every day at 9:30 is getting old man
For a guy who claims to be religious he is greedy as hell
Am I going to miss bigly if I sell before ER? Li & xpev shot up after ER so this should do too?
Anyone further left than the alt-right won't win in those places regardless. Being a moderate isn't something that those people would want, sk there's no reason to try to appeal to them. The only success you'll have is appealing to the people that don't vote because they don't like the previous options.
80% cash? Just how retarded are you. Shameful!!
All good mate
you are absolutely right i took the loan at right time in March and made 6k straight up and then i lost my control in July and bet 12k on tesla calls, it really hurts when your conscience is telling you are wrong and you still ignore that :-(
The retard is strong with this ☝️.
I shall knight you “protect this land from any forms of intelligence, keep them stupid”
The fact is... that most of us only are able to read emoji.
I have 16k in stocks and 1.2k in options. No cash at the moment because I used it to buy the september to now dips. 

I’m fine holding this portfolio and selling covered calls. I’m up 2.5k in 2 1/2 months. 

Holding that much cash is fine - obviously. Can’t lose money you don’t invest but you also won’t get any of the jumps a vaccine or stimulus provides. We are in a wild timeline where investments can have multi year returns in months. It’s silly not to invest in blue chips or speculative rebounds (Cinemark, cruise lines and airlines) right now. 

For example I bought 200 shares of Cinemark at 8.28 which are now upwards of 13.65 with plenty of room to run to pre-Covid levels of 27-40.
Bro short term capital gains is just taxed at the income tax rate. After a year it’s at the much more favorable capital gains tax rate.
Slap a family member in the face
Holidays are right around the corner so now i’m stuck between buying the family Christmas or buying calls on meme stocks
Bro that guys laughter scares the living shit out of me
No better time
Bro Biden’s tax plan isn’t that bad...
MY GOODNESS THIS MADE ME NUTTTT SO HARRDD ON A SUNDAYYY!!!!!
Read the posting guidelines.
To be fair they're wearing masks since like forever
Honestly if you don’t have 500m you can’t retire and are forced to work the rest of ur life.
When you find yourself basking in the success of the OTCBB you really have made it.


Also seeing your 5-letter ticker quoted in 7 digits after the 0.0
Is this a Coca Cola ad?
Should have bought a lot of things huh
yeah. optimistic about my spce calls
uhhhhh.....this is the home depot subreddit. r/lostredditor
Puts on your deductive reasoning
If this is true then it’s impressive you managed to save that much over a 10 year period tbh.
No sir I am that dumb😅
Except for SPY.....
Expensive ass phones are a waste of money
[deleted]
1000 @ 9.20 + 20 ITMc
Yes to both
You and me both
This is the way
I only figured this out yesterday. I always wondered how they do it.
Just have to be insanely overleveraged.  Is it legal to pull out student loans and gamble them in the market in New Zealand?
yikes
Should go for an even 10mil. Former millionaire...that shit goes fast
Bold move could pay off, could ruin you
tqqq at ~145 right now and has been vibrating between 130 and 150 for weeks. I sold 140 puts for 400 premium. If assigned I will sell 145 call. By doing so I have been making consistent 400 per week by risking only 15k. That’s almost 3% weekly gain.
Anybody playing workday earnings with calls?
Yeaa the 300$ they have are from 300 weeklies contracts they can’t even scrape for cents
This shit is fucking useless.
Damn dude that’s a rough situation. My 1 rule (funny I only had 1) was that I would never trade on margin or with someone else’s money.
Frank you’re really rolling your Rs...
Hindsights  a mf
Guys when I started trading I’ll admit I did have some beginners losses. But then I started making my bed every morning. Now every trade I make gets me a 5x return at least. Easy money.
Show us your puts lol
[deleted]
Any luck with the interview?
5-10% daily returns is not a bannable offense even though it is between the -100% and +1000% ratios that everyone likes to see.
Bro I went from playing with 30k to now just playing with 200$ , can’t risk it no more
JETS 19p 12/18!
[removed]
or he lives in sf
90m easily the minimum. 9m is for plebs
Help him IPO then short it
Maybe the problem is is that he learned from this sub.
spce april 2021 calls.
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2020-12-30 17:15:36 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-30%2017:15:36%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jumc21/the_start_of_a_good_week/gcelirt/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjumc21%2Fthe_start_of_a_good_week%2Fgcelirt%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-30%2017%3A15%3A36%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jumc21)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ntf_5ORrp4
>Retard. Palantir is basically a data warehouse with some nice visualizaton tools. 

Flat-out wrong

>Also Peter Thiel is a cancer on society

This I agree with
I mean if you actually have COVID. Eases the pain.
[deleted]
I have a driver but use the 2,3 or 4 iron and point and the driver and say "this, this is a piece of shit. people don't know how to use the long irons"
Thanks dude I agree I’m not totally fucked. Stupid for sure but not fucked entirely
It took a month.  February 18th was the day the market crashed, March 18th was the bottom (or near enough).

Options multiplied in value almost every day during those 30 days.
he's 49 not 79
The worst part is we may not see a bull market like the last 10yrs for another generation.
!remind me 5 months
💀
[deleted]
I wish, had I held on to my Nio calls from September i would have made 1500% at least
i think they withdraw it
RemindMe! 45 days
This week is gonna be amazing
Information warfare going to begin. Expect this to ramp up bigly the more oil feels the heat. Going to have some big boy money pushing against EV somewhere. Also makes me bullish on Gyna because they’ve in a position to not give a flying fuck what Haliburton or the US thinks about it. I hope the EU and UK can buck these guys as well.
>Lease

Oooofff
[deleted]
Who wants to go Toobin?
Options expiring worthlessly
Go on a 10k road trip.
Wmt been making big plays all year to go after Amazon with driverless cars, drone delivery, pet care, pharmacy.  Earnings with wmt+ subscriber numbers could pop it up above $160 easily. Recent polls have shown 11-17% of Americans have already subscribed to Walmart plus but then again we all know polls are BS. Little downside except they did take a loss on the sale of the South American business, now limiting store capacity and Tiktok acquisition sounds iffy. The Company’s P/E ratio is higher than its peers but praying people forget about that when they see all the Walmart + subscribers. 


That said I got 200 of the 11/20 c$160, 100 of the 12/18 c$160, 50 of the 1/15 c$165 and 50 of the 11/20 p$145
Futures open at 6pm eastern.
Yep lost all that $ from buying SPY puts when the market started its V shaped recovery. I started transferring more of my savings into here and it just went all downhill😅 also the government gave some nice unemployment checks for a little while and I put some of that into the account. I’ve saved most of it bc I lost 20k in the market but that unemployment helped fuel my autism.
Literally any five people at VP level or above from any company that actually produces cars would be equally impressive.

The big pile of capital just means more downside risk.

There is just no rational thesis for this company. It is 100% pure retarded meme stock yoloing.
[deleted]
Dave Ramsay says you need 9M to retire comfortably. Man is living in lala land.
i would probably think i had a concussion and go to the doctor? who has memory loss and says "maybe i just became a new person"?
Nah you’re just not buying them at the right time. You’re trying to ride the wave instead of catching falling knives. I can consistently find itm puts for maybe $.10 over the itm price with 2+ weeks of exp if you can catch people panicking. Stop picking up bearish positions when everyone and their mom turned into a bear.
You make the retards proud
turn off yo phone
That’s SpaceX’s car
How do you get a million dollars in your account? Start with 2.
He's saying it's retarded like wsb
Its just impossible to know. They were allowed to continue as "essential" last time NM shut down, so I would expect that nothing's changed in that regard. They haven't announced anything yet, so they're probably still trying to figure that out.
Doubling down on NIO calls at open or am I retart?
Ya it's a bit interesting, in the past ten years, more and more pension fund managers  have started to take riskier positions, some of them because of what happened in 08. It's as though some of them want to play catch up for the losses that happened around that time.  Some of the defined benefit plans, which are mostly public servant pension funds these days , are underfunded or have a hard time hitting the returns they need to support the funds and payouts to pensioners. Anyhow, hopefully it works out, sometimes I wonder who is advising these fund managers, the other ones I can understand but Nikola after all the things that happened, should have been a hard no...
I'm sexually attracted to this.
Someone give me good LEAPS plays for 3k
My lease on my 2018 Ford Escape is expiring in 60 days and I’ve only used 20k of the 30k miles. Thinking about just buying it out but idk any advice?
Anyone else ended Friday feeling bad but think tomorrow is gonna be a lot better?
came here for this, thanks
Thanks but you don’t need so many pictures to tell me I should YOLO my life savings on NIO options going into earnings
You may be saying some truth but you’re still missing out. Too many damn people and money to sit out on
I have had enough surprises for this year and the next lol. I did actually look into buying some long dated calls, but will probably wait a few weeks.
There is some legit loss porn in the posts today, serious question, how do people lose that final percent to get to 100% losses?
Um that’s comparing holding cash vs holding assets for a long period of time. The cash is my insurance towards building new strategies. Your Dd is correct, but we are in different time. Dollar inflation is sky high and the dollar is weak. We have never had a stock market this strong with an economy this weak. Go ahead and yolo your money if you’re not in my family and lmk how that goes.
Yep but I also can’t read so it’s nbd
ROP is indeed a holding company but extremely active in their managed companies but as stated they will fire the CEO and move on. The part about CEOs not lasting long is dependent on which company, some have the same CEO for 10+ years.

IMO $ROP is a buy for long term growth.
wait for the spike then, thats my plan
F
I felt like I was rudy, fist pumping in the hallways. 

Saw a friend from highschool the next year. Told me he was buying a house. I asked how. This is when I learned hahaha
Nobody does or cares 😂🤣😂 top secret shut bro just go all in YOLO
Genius
Gotta make the tenderkins on the calls, to be able to afford the puts
Some men just want to watch the world burn 🌎
[deleted]
And after that, one of the fastest recovery
Rona is most deadly in poor old male. Elon is fucking rich old male. Do the maffhh
"The scientist behind the first Covid-19 vaccine to clear interim  clinical trials says he is confident his product can “bash the virus  over the head” and put an end to the pandemic that has held the world  hostage in 2020."

Linky: [https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/nov/12/scientist-behind-biontech-pfizer-coronavirus-vaccine-says-it-can-end-pandemic](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/nov/12/scientist-behind-biontech-pfizer-coronavirus-vaccine-says-it-can-end-pandemic)

Super Big Badly Naughty Green Monday?
AMD gang where you at? We holding this line bothers and sisters!
Rated
if cameron smith looks impish it's because he's an aussie and they r all descendants of criminals
You might be on to something👀
Good on you figuring that out
I wish I was greta. She’s going to have so many opportunities to capitalize off of all of this. She’s going to be rich and also feel good about herself which is outrageous
Am I dumb for thinking of buying the $55 December Puts on Planet fitness? Covid is fuking and could close a lot of gyms, but then I know the Moderna news will at least give it a one day spike...
Not much of a society if everyones now at home.
Fuck the trade limits
buffett said that one time, in passing, and later denied its significance
You’re gonna want to return that...
it seems like it's random enough that people can't run some tricks to profit every time, but there's enough of a pattern as well that it should generally go up over years
Mods crown my ass
I guess so. He seems very skeptical about the virus, tests, etc. I hope he'll follow medical advice and keep his folks safe.
I have earned peace and tranquillity brother
I live ~20 mins away from society
You're a dumbass retard who will keep losing, then keep blaming the broker. Next time just go on Grindr and pay cash to get fucked in the ass by BBC instead
Thanks man and pretty much all of this money was just saved up over the years from working minimum wage jobs so it stings quite a bit. But like I’ve said in other comments I learned a lot from this and I’m happy to share my experience losing it all lol. It’s not the end of the world.
Name checks out. Hit low bar squats for the first time in forever yesterday. One did a plate to test it out. 

I’ve got super tight hips and ankles, will these help or should I try something else?
Bull purge
He’s right, enjoy the weekend Dow while you can!
Oh yeah.
Cuck
A clean space leads to a clean mind
That's my line, but the SOB actually posted his positions, unlike 90% of the posts I see.
My bad, I've gotten so used to TD, I have forgotten what it was like to use Robinhood. Forgot RH's "extended hours" are only [9am-9:30 & 4-6pm](https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/extendedhours-trading/) which is pretty bullshit.
This one has legit made me money, several times, and I didn’t even think of it as a gay meme stock. Now it has to moon. 

Everyone buy $BUTT *and* $PLUG together.
It was crazy! A $14 swing in price from high to low. Still holding though. Earnings this week, hopefully everything goes well.  What a shitty hit piece by Citron- no substance what so ever. Maybe Papa Elon told them to do it 😂
Forget the 401k, this man had 411k. We are all three steps behind.
[deleted]
If he has rona he’ll be fine I bet. Really don’t see it effecting his ventures except maybe SpaceX which isn’t even public. If anything getting a public wingman in Tesla could actually help. A ying to his yang
In case you haven't realized, spce gets sold off by mms every time it goes up
Good for you for looking after your health!  Lift bro!
Yup lol. I’m just excited. I’ve lived all over and this past year my life has been on hold living in this sleepy beach town.
That stocks post you linked is from three years ago you fucking retard.
The screenshot shows that you can get a free stock.  It's not over yet.
is that what you took losses on?
That’s a knockoff Tesla. They weren’t even discreet about it
You have no idea how well I sleep at night with this knowledge
Good morning and go fuck yourself
Well it could have worked if the market actually went down...
Awesome
[deleted]
I’ve actually stayed out of the market for the most part recently. I haven’t held a contract overnight in the past 2 months but during that time I started to develop a strategy to make small consistent returns with like $700. I turned the 700 into 800 and just took it all out. I’m switching brokers and will update when I have optimized the strategy.
The key for stocks is the company has to stand the test then. Ty.
Name checks out
True catharsis.
I could’ve bought a house with all that money.
Shout out to the little green squares that never gave up.
Bro this is beautiful. Thank you so much and will help a lot of traders here.
Uhh I read the whole thing, this isn’t r/investing
I like using my driver when I’m in the sand just to really fuck with people
Day man!  ahhh ahhh ahhhhhh
(New to trading options btw) Do you recommend june 2021 or jan 2022 calls? Off topic but im probably going to get NIU leaps too
It is and it's the weekend. Folks are replying to his DMT tweet to ask him. I think he got it.
You bet they are tracking this sub and taking lessons on how to trade like a no-fear boss-idiot.
Sowwy.
I got in at $5.5 , doubt it will go lower than that... thanks for the tips tho.
Your answer is in your screenshot. Look into TSLA at discounted prices and wait it out. What took minutes of loss will take months to recoup.
Haha same, and may tendies be rained upon you
Apple.

No joke, every bullshit financial advisor has been selling the virtues of apple for the last 20 years as the cornerstone tech stock of any portfolio 

Google some of the standard pitches
Whenever I get bored with my boring indexed portfolio, I look at loses like this and it helps me stay the course. Thanks 
“It’s good to learn from your mistakes. It’s better to learn from other peoples mistakes.”
-Warren Buffett
I found him, the guy that never finished the paragraph and jumped to conclusions.
Citron has entered the chat
Its a simulation bro.
Hell yeah, diamond hand those bad boys
6 more hrs bois
Cleaning.
If only I could read
Where bears r fuk
it doesn't make sense, right? i'm questioning my view

there have to be some patterns to the movements, otherwise, what's stopping MSFT from trading at $5 tomorrow, and $1435 the day after?

there are rules in place to prevent this, which means TA must have some degree of validity
-15% for tsla feels like just another walk in the park after september and october tbh
Y
Accounting fraud? The CCP would never..
I thought that was old Friday news
Nestle
BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Good thing he's ineligible to run for president.
Nah
[deleted]
Uh... Machine learning?
That's what happens when you edge for 12 years.
Friday afternoon: "The MMs won."

Monday morning: "I concede NOTHING!"
Me neither. Have fun!
that sucks man but you're doing the right thing looking out for your relatives
Yes, avoid Roninhood, the only reason this happened was because you used Robinhood. It had nothing to do with making one bad trade after the next and instead of  stopping and learning, you doubled down on revenge trading. Thanks a bunch Robinhood!
In the long run this is just in its startup.. if your not in a hurry, SOLO will  🚀
Blah blah blah
But it’s going down soon
I like to put my beer down on the putting green then look at the level of beer to see if the green is even or what direction it slopes in, then I look up and say "gravity never lies" like a smug piece of shit
Bro just inverse yourself. Don’t panic sel
Beware the ides of March!
Not gonna lie, you had me there for a second.
So wait.. NASA’s official cars are TSLA model X?
I’m not good
Gg
>need more tendies
Is this a thing?
I have a feeling NIO is going to drill to America next week. Too many bulls
Took me a while to find the word NIO, i am happy. We shall hit $60 so your call will be printing.
You will be surprised.
What are you talking about? He has a "100,000k+ portfolio".
DD posts are usually too long to bother reading
> They built their analysis using IBM-Watsonesque 'unstructured data' reserves

Retard. Palantir is basically a data warehouse with some nice visualizaton tools. They are as similar to "Watson" as IBM's AI consulting division called "Watson"

Also Peter Thiel is a cancer on society
shit is like Pokemon
Truly nothing to lose and everything to gain
Hahaha thanks dude ya I’m already planning a comeback. Episode VI Return of the Autist
DRUG ABUSE RESISTANCE EDUCATION
Lol I meant it as a joke
congrats to finished the warm up, now lets gamble.
PLUG keeps going up or ROPE
Why not white queen in G6?
Im glad I did
gg
We truly do live in a society.
What are those little green ones?
Desktop background
If Solo opens at $10. I will quit options and become a motivational speaker
Alright everyone, coffee at open.
Lol I don't know
We need those AAPL Feb calls to print.  Buy that iPhone!!
In Australia?? Everything is more expensive there, lmao
Yupppp
I’ll make sure that I do the opposite of wha you did king
what time do the casino’s open again
It’s weird I don’t feel anything. Not my money though. I assume a lot of those guys losing big without a background story have a chance of being fake or a big chance of having a lot more money somewhere else. Never the whole story
Spy calls.
I got NIO calls dated 11/27, I don't see it dropping into 30's but I do see a big recovery before my expiry if it does drop after ER.

TL;DR I'm holding through earnings
Did you say boys hole?
I'm not aware of too many options expiring on a Monday, bud.
Theta can u fuck off? Like I get it you want your money. I’m gonna sell before your boomer ass gets me.
Tomorrow is going to be bad. Not this level of bad obviously, but I fully expect a -3% day for the S&P. Virus numbers are at their literal worst, a shitload of locales announced new lockdowns since Friday, which is only going to increase by tomorrow morning, China and 2 of our allies just entered into the worlds biggest trade blocs without us, all on a weekend after Friday the S&P closed at an all time high. -3% may even be a bit rosey. Futures open in 6 hours, we shall see.
Tsla is looking at a breakout, been in a channel for awhile. Im thinking it will break out to the upside 450+, but god fucking knows at this point
Wow...
Orrrrr I could have gotten like 4K karma off Reddit for posting losses🤪
Fastly
Adonis’s
Thinking of buying june leaps for them, I think it'll do well in the long run
[deleted]
As soon as you yolo your account. Please lmk when that is.
Isn't it Robin Hood
Lol PLTR makes most of their money from signing big government contracts and high-tough consulting, their business model doesn't allow them to grow their bottom line quickly
A broker that shits the bed when vaccine news drops

I will never forget
(Laughs in TVIXF)
Damn that's interesting
3100 1/21 and 3500 3/21. Sick of not making bigly money, need blueorigin rocket time.
Literally, I will do the opposite as the wsb recommendation
Robin Hood
March 16 was not the bottom, it went up briefly in March 17 before crashing even worse on March 23
Smoke weed everyday #420 #livefastdieyoungbadgirlsdoitwell
I’ll give home credit he was doing ok investing but he found out options trading and just went on to a Bear Rally
[removed]
Gym for about two hours. Pretty much it.
**^(" a lot of newbie could fall for the pump and lose their money ")** lmao natural selection as its finest, welcome to WSB.
Elon is tweeting as much as trump now
I just upgraded from the X and i would recommend upgrading
TaylorMade
Some ugly girl you cant go against cause it hurts peoples feelings
TSLA bulls, do you think Musk has the rona?

Knowing that so-called long-haulers have long term heart, lung or nervous system damage, aren't you worried about his ventures?
'crash' I see 20+ green squares so I guess you could say... there was a chance
I wish I bought Tesla :(
I have since revised my trading strategy to include trailing stop losses and position size adjusted selling. I try to not hit sell all at once anymore unless Im penny stock trading and locking in a 60% gain on the day.
Let em. They can sleep in the ashes
Yes
Haha I love how literally anything is priced in.
There’s a reason they waited 17 years to list this thing…
In it with ya, 11/16 358p x11
What was green?  lol.
Hahaha it’s all good brother live and learn! I’ve learned a lot about myself from this experience and I honestly feel more optimistic than ever going forward. Just gotta keep your head up.
[removed]
That the CEO molested his cousin probably. Puts to be safe.
Isnt Aids enough for ya?
absolutely brutal framing but true. hurts to read
My bet is that it could consolidate a little and go down a little only just to hit 8, and then drop a little again. It’s a bit overbought. But trend is up up up
Yes sir
Rbc
What
If only there were other subs that satisfied what you are seeking.
Don’t invest more than 1k until your consistently profiting. Fuck the trades you coulda made. There’s always another.
Shoupd have bought a boat
nailed it
Margin is +80%.  Mindblowing.  These guys will be literally printing money.
PG,
Strong brands, good growth, stonk only goes up
Bought a few spy $360c for this week when it was at $353 in hopes Moderna vaccine effectiveness results get released soon. Hoping for a Pfizer like sky rocket if the results are good.
Quit college and go full time for better gains duhhh
Someone pls award this guy.
'crashed'
No I don’t trade options
Fuck you, these leaps look tasty. Fuck you
Yep 3190 April
As if I didn’t miss the rally for the last 6 months😐
actually probably BA or Airbus .. they are too big to fail and on sale
Get that new iphone fool
Wouldn't have happened if you paid for gold.
"I think statistics and probabilities as they pertain to markets are bullshit"

You just wrote that, you realize that, right?
I got some $60c. $nio will do great.
*how DARE you*
I am waiting until I see some steady Hong Kong Baba volume before getting back in. I was lucky to sell at $313, getting in on BA saved me from the baba dump. Any other week, I would have had Baba.
Hope so, tendies for me tomorrow if it is a new car model
Only happens for double or worse though
The biggest bear trap in history 😎

In Powell we trust.
I agree with all of that.  The only wild card is parabolic corona cases with no signs of slowing.  

The market didn't care about 80,000 cases a day.  But it might care about 250,000 a day.  At current pace we'll be there in a week.  

Truth is that nobody knows and the argument can go both ways.
Shut up about the masters this is a serious trading platform
PXG?
This is where you came with this question?
Yes you will, you degenerate
Anyone got AMZN CALLS FOR THIS BIGLY GREEN WEEK COMIN UP
[removed]
People from CA invented "hella." 
Does your dad know yet?
I like the way you think lmao I will for sure be back
Onlyfans. Use your mom's account.
[deleted]
My strategy is essentially to catch falling knives. I am confident that I will be able to time the market pretty accurately. Before I adopted this strategy I was consistently losing money then gapping back up to profitability or break even. Now I’m consistently making money daily. The 80% cash is for when the market turns and I have to develop a new strategy. If everything went stagnant like a normal market does I would lose all my money within 2 months implementing my strategy. It’s my insurance to evolve my trading strategy based on the times. I still keep logs of my strategies as if it worked once, it will likely work again in the future if circumstances are similar.
Not liking either tbh
Bought the dip my guy, not the top lol
Is greta thunturd real or some shill child actor??
Luckin Coffee
I'm already in, I would encourage everyone to buy with a lowball limit order or sell puts to get a better price. This thing will rip, but it's definitely gonna dip too.
When the position expires on Friday though...
Should I use my last $800 for a new phone or invest in stonk this Monday?
It’s Sunday and the markets are closed. I’m keeping busy by renovating a bathroom in my house. What are you guys doing today?
Lol. Yup. Something along those numbers for me. Thought I was a genius too.
Accounting fraud. What’s going to be the next doomsbear accusation
Ready for more lockdowns? Lol
Hahaha I really was! Back in March I was loaded w spy puts and the account was worth about 45k ☹️
All I ask is for Amazon to open green
I was under the impression 3 rocket emojis classified as DD
They're supposed to do some virtual announecement today, saw someone else theorize it could be a new car
The fed cannot print money and therefore also cannot buy assets with money.
+4 now, was -3 prior to the 12th hole
I win 160 if DJ wins the Masters.  I think I’ll go buy that new wedge I want
Gg
It’s not cat food?? Nvm that’s Friskies
Wtf is a stock?
Nah gimme the rona
Depends on how much of a retard you are.
2-0

[https://chess.org/play/d1bee9dc-dba7-4ccd-9aeb-a6964cce65b3](https://chess.org/play/d1bee9dc-dba7-4ccd-9aeb-a6964cce65b3)
Bruh, if sex feels like you’re throwing a hotdog down a hallway, it’s her
Gg
Pornhub
# 6 more hours
[deleted]
The day before I bought everything.
How much did you lose?
NKLA For the win!
Bought a tattoo gun last week and immediately stopped drinking so I don't end up looking like a retard
Will I ever learn?
Yes..  up 50k for the month, I don’t see another 10k
It’s a risk/reward/time-available calc.  I don’t do this full time, I only get couple days a week to study what’s going on.  Looks crazy.
I have an entire sleeve on my arm of DMT. I've done lsd and shrooms more than anyone I know. If you mean getting information from another dimension than this physical plane then I get you and agree. But if you mean people talking to each other in their minds via telepathy then I still haven't seen any evidence of it.
[removed]
“Too stupid” can’t be the standard. That’s errbody.
True. Hamburger loving Cheeto beat it, Im thinking Stark Lite will too. But shit would that ever be crazy 2020 news.
“If I was a 🌈 🐻 this would make me cum all over my wife’s boyfriend’s asshole”
WSB summed up in one comment.
The most popular video in pornhub’s gay section is probably just a video of that day
If  🥭 concedes. It’s going to be so Green. But he didn’t
Read the comments I‘ve responded to so many of the same questions
“13” is bad luck, and I would never want to put that in my Reddit name
I’m not a bear but even I bought puts lol. We’ll see
graph generator is color blind friendly by default and I’m too lazy to change it
Something with a low P/E ratio, regular, steady profits and a long track record of being a sustainable business. Personally, I invested in Western Union for that reason, but most blue chip stocks would work just fine.
I really don’t think he cares because he won last year.  But a 10 on a par 3 is pretty embarrassing
Keep on abusing it👍 run some historical tests to see the odds that you are right long term.
Vaccine is great and cool but you guys are not actually taking it? I just starting getting my flu shot
i like everything about the company cept the fact they haven't turned a profit in 17 years
WMT is the most undervalued stock on the market, nice plays bro
[removed]
I agree they certainly do get valued on the future. I just think the trend js heading towards a second lockdown, or worse no lockdown until jan 20th. Both of which will damage the economy and force people to stay home. 


Xle is an interesting example. If that repeats drip is fukt. What firms do you think would benefit or lose from a worsening of covid?
Yes
What does a grandma have between her tiddies that a young girl dont? 

Her bellybutton
Alive and well
[removed]
How was this robinhood’s fault?
Yes very ironic indeed lmao literally hitting ATH and I’m down 20k
Is anyone else looking at STMP and seeing tons of value in calls?
Not actually that retarded at all
Andrew Left a big smelly turd (approx 64 cm long) on the carpets of Nio Bulls, but dont worry, if we work together, we can leave a giant turd on his lawn the size of a house by weeks end. 😎😎😎
shares lockout for employees (Like 80% of shares owned are locked up atm or something stupid like that) ends in Feb. It's going big up until the dump; you can still play this.
I remember when you could scam people in that game
If it has a good week probably somewhere around 8ish maybe more but that would be like 60% gain so depends on the demand and news that comes out this week NIOs ER could be really good
This is all wrong, smh 😤

It’s supposed to be going downwards and the color should be red.
They paid to silence Michael, and so he wouldnt steal more customers. He said he would open hundreds more companies if he went bankrupt
Tfsa
Bro, my focus is on the free trade agreement and on the monies, not political. Sorry I triggered you
He never had a chance
Get a grip dude it’s only $5k
MSFT is also another very consistent, very stable option as well. The professional world runs on windows so I don't see anyone stealing their market from them any time in the next 20 years at least, if ever.
12/4s ITM C
Those are FDs? I thought that was just smooth theta decay...
Nio et7
Wasn’t planning on starting today with some loss porn but...*zip*
ATM ATM ATM
[Elon’s options trading rules ](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1327705668271230976?s=21)
Thank you OP for making me feel better about myself. I appreciate you
I’m not unfortunately. We are just too much at risk and we are so close to having access to a vaccine. My friend went home for a funeral, came back with Covid, I think that made me realize it’s not super unlikely to catch it while traveling. I’m young but alot of people in my family are older :/
Ur link says it took 3 weeks to reach the price's low point
I pray to god
Or Worldcom
? +10?
Nothing better than fucking around then seeing the look of disgust and bewilderment on peoples face when you accidentally putt the ball from 30 yards out and stumble around like you meant to do that
gay bear put
This whole time I thought Fisker was the garden tool company Fiskars. Talk about retarded.
All part of the game and stupid people love getting played. Will be bygone this time next year
i'll ride the wave sure but the company had more than enough time (10 years) to show people they can make money. they didn't.
My friend told me he regretted not getting a Tiger ticket midway through round 1. I told him just wait lol
Gm pissed a bunch of money on a paving company
I was stoned when commenting 🤝
Can confirm. Same boat
TGT calls private label is crushing and they're the be modern department store
All these autists lost their money on NIO. Time to move back to AMD
I think TSLAs do look nice but NIO isn’t far behind.
If nobody says anything, then I can just  go all-in on any stock and it will be a sure win?
Jack Ma’s status as capitalist billionaire icon goes against the foundation of the Chinese political and economic systems. I had 50% BABA for a while. I’m out until they replace Ma with a compliant automaton. Way too volitile.
Feb QQQ puts or BABA calls?
" Be happy with 5-10% returns. " is that not a bannable offense?
>Back

yeah, saw this movie already. it's called *memento*
So puts on GM at open or it’s too late?
I wish I had discovered options 5 years ago. The major portion of my account is in boring mutual funds. I’ve stopped putting money in mutual funds, and started buying ETFs & individual stocks just to sell CC against.
Depends on deez nuts
Nope
what are your plans? take the loss or hope for recovery?
*welcome to the fund*

*I'll double your college tuition and trim your rune armour*
you need evidence though, not just heresay. Palantir was the data that proved it.

https://www.bizjournals.com/bizjournals/news/2015/01/12/leaked-documents-bernie-madoff-convicted-thanks-to.html
This is supporting evidence to buy poots?
Have insider information that NIO is announcing earnings on Tuesday after close. Do what you will with this information.
“Communication Impediment” sounds convenient too.
8000
Calls on both goof
Shit, you’re right
Twitter chatter of US Army raid on servers of a \[now bankrupt\] company called Syctl in Germany. Some very strange takeovers of said bankrupt company by another bankrupt company in Spain, now owned by Paragon.   


Chatter about links between Dems and Dominion voting machines etc.   


Then something about an Executive Order from 2018 empowering President to take action over ‘foreign interference’ in US Elections.   


I dunno if conspiracy theory crap but there was a sizeable pro Trump march in DC addressed by Alex Jones - who is a nut job, but still...

Civil war is not so far fetched IMHO.
We’ll always have Cafe Disco
>Libertarian "not my problem what you use us for, we just want the money" philosophy.

That's called pragmatic greed, not Libertarianism.

Also, I cant wait to see the loss porn from r-slurs falling for yet another pump and dump. Truly, this sub just keeps on giving (your money to major trading institutions)
No words. Lol
Can someone summarize this in a meme so i don't have to read it all?
In what way? Vegans are attacking?
Choose companies with single line of business, probably manufacturing, easier to project and build models around.
I love how they try to make a big deal out of the US being excluded from an Asian organization.
book it
That’s enough DD for me to exit all positions! Thanks Limon Research!
Wirecard
Hertz
Nah it looks like some kinda autist knight rider car. Don't like it actually. I'd drive the NIO vehicles
Don’t count on it.  People are fuck’n stupid and oblivious
Sideways day incoming
We'll see
Sending aliexpress packages all over the place merry Chirstmas, have some Chinese trash.
You spelled gambling wrong in the title.
[removed]
Git Gud scrub
My only concern is how many shares are outstanding. It’s a massive sum. What’s a fair value end of 21’ estimate?
Yes
They won't because they're retards and financially identify with the top 1%. Top 1% is  filet mignon, the rest are kibbles and bits.
Puts on AAPL. iPhone keyboard is absolute trash.
They are literally making end to end encryption illegal and germany is building a great firewall, that will make it impossible to upload "illegal" content. 

Europe is a prime market for Palantir.
Tennessee?
When I bought into GLD

I heard that yall made fun of me

Never imagined I'd make it this far

Then you bought in BLNK bull

Aint it a cruel and funny world?

It took your tendies and tore them apart

Profits never come home

Red dildos in bones

And the gays hear you cryin down the hall

Investing app starts tuning

What could that be mooning?

Its gold baby, with your wake up call!

How do you like me now?
I’ve never played a legitimate game of golf where I’m doing anything other than fucking around and getting drunk but I feel like even I could’ve shot better than that
stonks will go up or down tomorrow

you heard it here first
Well done.

This is the way.
You’re going to try to gamble in order to get back to where you were, furthering your losses. Regularly buy an S&P index fund through Vanguard on an automatic basis every paycheck and stop gambling.
Still got A+ (100%)!
I hope we just went through the peak of the NIO pump and dump and it continues to fall and takes all the NIO kids money once they have been exposed for accounting fraud like Luckn coffee and Nikola.
We KNOW you went to a real brokerage.
Nice name 😳
Tech tech tech
😂😂😂


What a clown. Fundamentals are just meaningless numbers, 69% of people know that.
Lordstown is under some accusations of corporate espionage... apparently it's only cool when China does it. 

PS. SOGO + SOHU earnings this week.. who's in?
TIL you’re a bagholder after 1 trading day.
This guy is a retard, I didn’t bother reading the BS he has to say, because I’ll never trust anything a retard who tried and lost 400k
Man, I remember last year Molinari and finau put it in the water, it was tigers for the win after that
Sell puts in stocks you want to hold long
I thought it was the people snitching on Bernie just finally being taken seriously.🙄
Do any of you autists actually think airlines, cruises, gyms and theaters are green this week?
Okay but what were the picks so we can inverse
NIO

They’ve revolutionized the EV business and are nearly a $60 billion company in less than a year. If that doesn’t scream success, what does?
dude gives 0 fucks, had no chance to win it today and he at least made the cuts and got to play on Sunday
look @ the front page at that guy who lost 400k. shit like that still makes me feel something
thanks for this
Nah
Is there really a fsr announcement? Not the first time I've seen this on weekend chat but haven't found anything on FSR media indicating there is an incoming announcement
This is pathetically impressive if it’s real in this market
one of my favorite wsb obligatory comments: "*look what they did to my boy jnug"*
You gotta pay the troll toll...

To get that baby boys soul!
[deleted]
Binging the crown now. I’m not 🌈🐻I swear!
DAL puts
You clearly have no idea how high Michael Scott can fly.
Interested in the WSB sentiment. Y’all going to travel/visit family and friends for thanksgiving/christmas/kwanza/ hanukkah/festivus/gamblingivings?
Woods skill makes my wood go tiger 😎
Just saw Jpow leaked feet pics, very nice. 😎
If it's shares, most likely not
[deleted]
Source?

Nvm: https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/b1p7fxpzylxgr5/A-Minority-Stakeholder-Wants-to-Take-Control-of-ARK-Cathie-Wood-Is-Pushing-Back
Also put premiums are always higher than call premiums on average due to how options are priced, so yoloing calls is always gonna be more cost effective than puts.
tower records calls
Anyone still bag holding NIO they bought the morning before the crash ?
Are we in a melt up?
BAN for life mods please. Paper account
Aight just don't kill yourselfs. ಠ_ʖಠ
actually Kanye admitted when he lost
Naked sell put ? Omg
Had 3 x 2021 $14.50c earlier this year, I got tired of holding it and after 2 days sold it for an $18 profit
At least you wont get taxed by Biden now lol
How is robinhood hurting him lol. Wether you go to Maker’s Mark or Evan Williams, the end result is you’re still drinking. So going to another platform isn’t going to solve his problem.
A stop loss is an unplanned panic sale
What’s the announcement?
I've been in and out several times over the past couple of months, and will probably get back in again, but if you see the daily comments reach NIO levels, get the fuck out.  Don't go long or short, just don't play.
Ugh, i am sorry :(
Electric cars now more expensive to refuel than regular ol' petrol, lmao

https://www.whichcar.com.au/car-news/teslas-now-more-expensive-to-charge-than-petrol-cars
[deleted]
WMT calls and TGT puts
I had 1,634 shares @ average of $39.44, I sold Friday after Andrew left ran his mouth, only because I saw it free falling, wish I sold at $54 but sold on the way down at $50.19. Looking to get back in to make some gains, is this the way? Looking for friendly advice, I know normally calls and puts are usually subject on hand @ WSB.. looking to make quick gains and dip
I’d imagine so! But the leader is known for having an itchy nose...
Do you like it with or without Vaseline
thats what i would do if i had 600k ... you can use that 60k to reinvest or yolo...i can't imagine how poeple are that retarded
I need JT to bust a move on the back 9
Blown up if that happens
Thanks. I agree that the firm withdrawal doesn’t look good but until the hearings are complete I wouldn’t say anything definitive.
Very legal and very cool
Why is this comment upvoted so much? It sucks, just like 😴
[removed]
[deleted]
ICLN leaps are free money, just need patience.
Shut up you moron
Bills v Cardinals should be a good one!
[deleted]
What if I were to have found an objective statistical advantage i can abuse?
Idk, these EVs are all about management execution. Capital is abundant and basically free (to any company in the space with some semblance of intellectual property). Its the management teams that will separate the winners from the losers.
Gambling addiction my friend
Whatever happens, stocks will gap up at 9:30 and you can always get out. That’s what I tell myself
If only he was on E*TRADE he would have doubled his money buying those same positions!
Barrick Gold, bring up the 5 year gold chart, bring up warren buffet’s purchase of Barrick, prof will love you
The good guy doesn’t always win the real world. PLTR will be the Lockheed of software. This is a long play but an easy 10 bagger IMO
🤣
$PLUG
dude ur in the wrong sub
Nasty
And if everyone follows ta, it is like the chickwn and the egg. Ta says buy so everyone buys. Ta says sell so everyone sells
Hey dave ramsey I lost 400k on options and in debt what shoukd i do

Go deliver some pizzas 🤣
I don’t think robinhood is the problem mate
stonktopia
I can say what we shouldn't do. We shouldn't go around telling people it is nothing to worry about or take options off the table. You may very well learn in the next few years that you had it, were asymptomatic, and now your lungs permanently function at a lower level than before but you didn't even notice as you are young. You may end up in your 60s on constant O2 supplementation for the rest of your life. 
You aren't going in to get imaging done if you feel fine are you? 
You may be totally fine as well, perhaps even better as you could fend off the next one. Let's just stop pretending we know as we aren't even a year in.
Good on ya. You can also look at it as insurance.  It will give you and her some peace of mind and also allow you to not have to keep such a close eye/ear on news for that stock. Also, like with real insurance, you pay (lose) a certain amount so that you don’t run the risk of paying (losing) an uncertain amount *more*.
Out of all the evs xpeng has by far the best looking cars
AIG
How the hell does this happen? When you were down 200k, it didn't happen to cross your mind that you don't know what you're doing?
Exactly this. Every earnings has been good news followed by bomb. Gentlemen, buy your puts
Stay at home and tech up biggly this week. Swing trading ZM
Hard to golf on Special K
This is my last bear roar.... if we open green I’m giving up
Lmao this whole time I thought you were moving out of state. Weren’t you the one posting the countdown everyday 😂😂
Stock is going to be around 200, so you need 5000.
There are tons of stories of really intelligent people(software engineers, scientists) who have lost hundreds of thousands on the stock market. It has nothing to do with intelligence.
Roper is a holding company, isn't it? They own several technology companies like Spacelabs, etc. From what I know, they have CEO's running each company and mostly the CEOs don't last very long... 

But, I could be wrong and confused with another Roper. Just woke up, and the coffee hasn't reached my brain yet.

Bottomline, the CEO of Vertafore gets fired during/after the investigation.
To get your pulse high, you do not need to go running. Just sit down and listen to price changes of NIO and the money you gain/lose on a second basis.
[deleted]
$HMC... now get out of here with this shit.
All the doomer comments on how everything is selling out is actually bullish, partial lockdowns are bullish for tech
Nio
Agree on 1 and 2.....abt 3, well...one can position himself long term and wait for for volume to pick up
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes because that's how the market works
Yes I would lick her pussy tho she is so sexy and made me get Tesla at 327$ best decision in a long time 

Besides mixing meth with coke
No I said paying with it. When you know they probably already have the phone that does as well.At least Apple will probably never lack for business.
Can I buy puts on your hedge fund?
Hot.  And she’s hearing or speech impaired.  What the hell eye color is MAR?  Marbled?
Alexa, play Timber by Pitbull
Flair my post, mods
Dilbert killed all those people?
There are four kinds of business. Tourism, food service, railroads and sales. And hospitals slash manufacturing. And air travel.
You're delusional if you think he's actually going to go to jail.
“Communication impediment”
Just go take some lsd at a grateful dead concert and you'll find out l o l
What do you think itll be by the end of the week?
[deleted]
finally a screenshot of an actual broker
Bruh i was about to go rn FUCK
yeah
Hedge’s to get through transition. Covering a bet on big green. Look at stonk volume.
Those small spikes before a big fall happens to me all the time!!
Yup
To be honest, this is probably the best approach. Calls and shares for me only. Sometimes it's best not to complicate things.
The majority of people running on far left platforms won. Its the moderates that are losing.
I've been blazed this entire pandemic.
forex lite
How far out are you buying? OTM?
I wanna be so rich that I can pay a whore to lick my ass clean after I shit
Anyone just numb to losing money now. Almost just like numbers on a screen 🥺. That being said 11/16 355p
If you saved it within 10 years, you can do that again within 10 years. So why a lifetime?
Enron
Fuck yeah get to watch golf all morning/afternoon and then switch over to the good games at 4
So calls for earnings?

Fuck it, I'm in
yes, and only billionaires can afford it. result: even more domination over c'mon folk and poors
Delusional like Kanye
Hertz. Their fundamentals are just too good
Ahhh so basically he admits he knows nothing...classic "analyst"
jfc
Bulls have been absolutely feasting for the last 2 weeks in a row. I say now is time for bears to eat some too, before hibernation. Need those nutrients.
When's the Fisker announcement?
Calls
Why the fuck would you color this in rainbow colors, when there already is bullish = green and bearish = red?
Yeah, I got you. You're right. IV will probably be reduced tomorrow, I'm just expecting that bigger drop after ER like you mentioned.
trump said he win
or 2 whole townhomes!
🙏
Besides the obvious (GameStop, Nio): Coca Cola
If you had made any money you’d be shipping most if it to Ottawa anyway.  So in a sense by losing money you’re saving a ton.  Keep it up.
Shouldn’t it have been “she”?
Hang in there little buddy it can always get worse!
Hi
Wait until 1030 & buy after the inevitable drop
No one wants these shitty puts. Stop spamming tard
TOTDY
Daddy, what sound does the printing press make when J Powell hits the PRNT button?
Here’s a simple example - Instead of buying 100 red apples buy 50 green apples and 50 red apples.
Yea I don’t think it’s Robinhood’s fault
Target busy af
one more mindless week and then it's Thanksgiving!! yayy..except I can't go visit my family :(

really need a vacation!
what in?
Rocket
Same, i remember looking at the 2nd wave numbers in June-August and waiting for the crash that never came
https://static.twentyoverten.com/5980d16bbfb1c93238ad9c24/rJpQmY8o7/Dollar-Cost-Averaging-Just-Means-Taking-Risk-Later-Vanguard.pdf

Probably not.
Was a lovely day to buy
byond, pton, or apple calls this week? might also go for tesla since theyve been off the radar for a while
[deleted]

A Wall Street expert says the dramatic shift in stocks last week reeks of investor complacency — and warns that many favorite trades remain vulnerable to losses

Peter Tchir expects popular work-from-home stocks to underperform — and warns the 'return-to-normal' trade is not in the all-clear either. -business insider
NIO in the toilet yet ?
Can I look up a specific date?
Good talk sugar lips 😘
Or to stupid to use imagur. Me. Its me that os too stupid to use imagur. 20k in 2 weeks tho. Idiot. Nah, no more losing for 90 days bud. Unless they change their mind and let me open new positions again
600 threads about PLTR and I still have no fucking clue what their product is beyond something with data
Why don’t you just light your money on fire? At least you’ll get some warmth from it
[deleted]
>Load up on PLTR, big time, or you will miss it

Alright convinced me
Always do 😔
$200 watch is a flex? Wut
Just embrace it and move forward.
Nah just look at my bby girl Pelosi  https://imgur.com/a/auLdjpn
Edit, sorry misread
What about SOLO.. I already made 100%, and think it will hit 20$ within 3 months
Calls on Japan. They have normalized and standardized automatic bidets that clean your rear after you took number two, hand-free, and do play classical music while warming and massaging your butt afterward. I struggled to return to wiping lol
Looking forward to following you
well no surprise, and we will correct hugely at some point but we're going probably higher before
i think TA is bullshit, but then i thought:

suppose you had to write a trading algorithm, how would you do it?
But how do you win the game?
[deleted]
I have my own opinion on this, but wrong sub
Look at the open interest on HYG puts 20 november.. 1750000 contract open.. market will crash for sure.. the same for 20 dicember
Retard
I'd say extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. But if there's evidence out there that doesn't require me to watch 16 hours of youtube conspiracy theory videos I'm all ears.
Stock market is at most confusing state than ever
[deleted]
Wtf tiger a 10! on a par 3
Tell me an index fund that reaches 5-10 percent daily returns or even weekly on a consistent basis and I’ll buy. That’s almost 800% return yoy.
except Cathie is big mad rn with a boardroom battle brewing and that makes her unpredictable

I hope she doesn't leave ARK
Betting against the #1 news source for 18 years when they’re being handed free publicity? The break up with Trump will benefit them IMO. Think of all of the resources and connections and info they have on politicians in general. Some rinky dink Newsmax style outlet would get crushed by Fox. Not only that, they are a staple in cable packages and have local news as well. No way they dont monetize the shit out of this.
Invest in my new hedge fund pls, I just started it with 3k and I’m down to 2k, so I’m showing some real directional movement. Don’t say I didn’t offer, cucks
Sorry, we don’t do that here.
This place has ruined me. I'm watching The Office and all I can think about is how retarded it was for Dunder Mifflin to buy out the Michael Scott Paper Company for effectively millions of dollars without doing any DD at all
time to meme it
I'm a valuation bear. I think there's very little excess return at current levels on a 3-5 year horizon. That said, the MACD positive cross at the zero boundary on the NDX (and SPX) is incredibly bullish.

https://imgur.com/a/yA2o3iJ

It's one of my favorite signals. And I ignored it last October (look at a chart of NDX) and ended up choking down some big losses on shorts into the year end greed rally.
This is just about hyping up ratings for Trump TV.
No the mango is heading straight to jail, there are like 11 pending lawsuits that could put him in federal prison
TA for $ROPE looks bullish.
Just watch Wall-E and Idiocracy. It’s like a stock trading guide from the future. Buy BOTZ, short ICLN.
Don’t these clowns on the news realize when they show store-after-store of wiped out shelves that every fearful viewer is going to go hoard-shopping? Not only do the stores not have the items they want, every big box store is currently hosting a super-spreader event.
Yea I needed that, appreciate it
I don’t hardly use it anymore. I get on sometimes   Because I have it set up for specific stuff. I mainly just do Reddit and Twitter now.
Diversify? Wtf is that
Yes blame robinhood. You are not retarded at all.
Is there a website or app that allows you to enter in the Tickers that you hold and it will generate a calendar of near term earnings calls? Or is earnings whisper the closest option?
Depends how deep the deep ends is 

Mom’s spaghetti
Bro I’ll fuck anyone in the asshole

I’ll put meth in a mans ass and fuck him after 

This world DONT care for no one

If u love her 
To bad she is sucking the cock of a chad as we speak 

Yes that woman u like.  She is licking cum off a cock
Except you do. We all do
[deleted]
Why are there so many 4pm games today? Is it because of The Masters?
touch my boobies and play with my vajayjay
why BAC or banks in general i mean
[deleted]
Didn't watch, but if you track the Buffet indicator, you would have missed this whole rally. In fact, you would have gotten out of the S&P 500 at like 1800. So, yeah, he's right and we are in a bubble, but you can still make money in a bubble
Unpopular opinion but you’re right
Wasnt as easy as installing an app on your phone back then.

You had to speak to people to place your trade.
New York really needs to legalize mobile sports betting so I can continue this degenerate shit into the weekend
“This sub used to produce excellent DD posts”

BAN
[removed]
All 🗣
Probably but FB is terrible. I just got on for the first time in a while and I’ll be damned if I’m getting back on anytime soon. I have no problems with any other social media.
People freaking out
If it doesn't fall out. It should test 430 again.
What do u mean it’s still low
[deleted]
GUH.....
Same, I still  frequently joke about getting bjs at BJs. You just know the founder had some dirty humor when making the name. "Lets have everyone coming to the store make an inadvertent sex joke."
I hope you lose everything
have sex incel
Do you think they will push the test flight date 2 weeks ?
$LUBE
right now? about 63,000
every bubble pop
This is the same pension fund that bought all the land around the salton sea.
RIP my $MSFT calls.
7’-01”. Death by snu snu.
And didnt swoop in to buy up that dip with his billions of capital
Because you keep having it with your sister?
If your long is more than four hours...
Even Buffett says bet on America and buy VOO.
You have to be good looking to make it on Tinder. Unless... what if you imply you have lots of money?
when the fuck ISN'T it Chevy Truck Month? Puts on GM
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.ft.com/content/20b114b5-5419-493b-9923-a918a2527931 try this one. The only significant one is the Pennsylvania one, where council is withdrawing a couple days before arguments, which does not portend well.
Calls on clamydia
Maybe ur gay
Yes middle of winter is always a period of high demand for leisure travel. Not
$ANAL
Buy 2,000 shares of NIO at open ?

Edit: or per market?
Yes
[deleted]
Up up
Please bleed red
But it did come back!
Is there any chance trump has something up his sleeve with the election is rigged stuff or is it all just talk
Which way it going did you bet on?
Easiet put options ever until Jpow intervened
Positions or ban!
I wonder if titties can deflate over time.
I posted about this Friday. It doesn't seem great. 

That company apparently had option to purchase in 21.
The Iowa primary used some software company called Shadow Inc. lol
Tjats a pretty big move youre expecting...
report this spam account pls, mods where the fk are you seriously
What if I told you that you didn't need the implant to communicate like that and that there are secret societies out there already doing this, hoarding all that information for themselves.
It's so beautiful. Do you have a high resolution one? I'll have it printed and frame it on my bathroom wall.
[deleted]
3 stonks which may breakout tomorrow. $GAPE, $ROPE, & $FUK
Never bet against the CIA
BJ's Wholesale Club its like CostCo, but someone had some dirty humor when naming it.
I personally do not invest in anything to do with China. Yes yes yes queue three “you must hate money” blah blah.

Their regime is taking an increasingly direct position in putting party the party first and interfering where they shouldn’t be. I’d be extremely wary of Chinese securities pumping like crazy in US based markets. Don’t even get me started on the lack of basic corporate governance. L(F)uckin coffee anyone?
[deleted]
    This has play might be retarded

I understand this to mean I should go all in
[deleted]
The covid economy is the only proven one at this point.
Delete reddit... buy on gut felling
kinda want to overdraft my account 5k tomorrow, day trade it to 10k (hopefully), and put the money back in my bank and act like nothing ever happened.  


# Positions: SPCE 30c 11/20
Bubble hand
May 17.5c
If SPY breaches 370 go all in on SPY puts one month out.
I was just beginning to learn what options were at the time, so I only had a paper account then.  But my randomly picked UAL puts printed well over 1000pct and hotels 600pct.   Had no clue what I was doing, just picking junk to see what it would do.  You would have had to work hard to lose money on puts then.  

I'd be happy to get another cheap entrance point to buy in though for longer holds.
Dad out here went 20k into debt as a widow to raise two kids, and here we have autists blowing out 20x that amount and posting it on a subreddit filled with other autists.
Fuck off
I don't know guys.  


Everyone is getting to that smug level of, "LOL stocks only go up, the professionals are idiots and I'm a better trader than Buffet" that we usually reach before a drop to teach us humility....
Should we play LEJU ahead of earnings?
Oof
Yep
Found the cash gang guy, when is the next market crash? 😂
The mere fact that this post is right here the way it is should make anyone run away as fast as possible
Who names their voting software company Dominion lmao
Maybe thats still hot if youre into it
What the fok is a stra...te...gy?
Am I out of touch?  

No, it's Buffet who is wrong.
I fail to see how Amy Coney Barrett needs a partnership with WSB
now that election is over media needs new stuff to feed to the public
I’m balls deep in PLTR, and I agree with you that those things should be looked into. But dropping a number like that on a stock forum no less, is lazy and misleading and intended to divide, not to come up with answers
Fucking Dumbass how the fuck did you even manage to fuck up this badly
Instagram is prob the best.
Isnt that the same guy who panic sold back in march?
I meant the industry as a whole not just that company! 

I’ll do some more DD and see if which companies I like.
It's been a thing

There is a reason why this sub has rules or it would be too easy to run pump and dumps on this sub. Not that they don't happen you just have to do them within the framework of what's allowed on this sub.
I was taking about mine.
[deleted]
So Thanksgiving is the super spreader event we have been hypothesizing forever right? Maybe there’s a chance stimulus actually comes earlier. If you’re not hedging your shares with calls for this scenario, is it because you expect to qualify for the stimulus?
Analyze each major loss and create a strategy for avoiding the same mistakes.
3 words: bidet and/or wet wipes
Imagine not having a bidet installed
Yeah you habe to call first
[deleted]
My heart skipped a beat as soon as I saw this, fuck you lmao
Ice in the bong
Fundamentals are different now. Election over, likely divided govt, vaccine sooner than expected
I hope Papa Buffett is wrong abt this one

[https://www.gurufocus.com/stock-market-valuations.php](https://www.gurufocus.com/stock-market-valuations.php)
Big fax. That was the lifeline. Without that contract, the whole ARK team would've gone bust.
If I learned anything from April through July it's that rising coronavirus cases is straight up bullish than a motherfucker.
Are we going down tomorrow? Why all the negative talk? Stoinks go up!
YOU FUCKING ASSHEAD, THE MINK VIRUS WILL FOREVER DIMISH YOUR PATHETIC GAINS WHICH ARE SO FUCKINH RETARDED IN THIS UNHINGED OVERPRICED MARKET, seriously
Why tf did I get a ZM 415 weekly Jesus I’m so fucked. Will sell at literally any bounce at open. Thoughts?
Still think it's hilarious someone named a store BJs
/u/opinion_is_unpopular mods ban this fucking garbage jfc
Hello idiot.
[deleted]
I think the practical result is complete gridlock. The only real governing with happen adminstratively  through rulemaking which will get challenged left and right.
Depends if you wear Depends
because its his mom
\*money
The majority of the country does not support the far left policies of AOC. Its hurting the party just like the Tea Party hurt repubs.
They shut down the economy back in march and stonks still went up.
I had a dream last night that neuralink came out and everyone who got it became these super genius'. They'd all talk to each other without speaking. Share all their thoughts together so they could get smarter. And almost instantly became a giant hivemind. Then quickly came to the conclusion information is the ultimate currency so they started herding everyone who didn't want it into cages so they could force us to get it because they knew once we got it we'd be thankful. After that it was just a long dream of trying to avoid a multi-million person hivemind. I won't be getting neuralink but I'm all in on calls when they release their ipo
Good luck! You’ve got this!
What is BJ’s? BoJangles?
Rona would be so boring without constant edibles. Highly recommend.
ACB isn’t even the most known dude. CGC and TLRY are absolutely more well known. ACB is literally just the most recent meme.
Buy some shares and delete the app
[Maybe](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-54949260)?
My bad sir I just realized I walked into a Casino
Wait there still some shieet left on my butthole after I wipe? 
Always has been 👨‍🚀🔫👨‍🚀
As long as they don't shut down the economy.....Stonks will go up.
[deleted]
Twitch got mad casino/poker streamers
\> But have you read any analysts on governments

That is the point: "When it's in the wallstreet journal it is already too late"

\> Looks like a safe place to put some money

For me it isn't. It's a lottery ticket.
Mahalo. Finger crossed
Thought this was a post by Jayden
So funny
thanks for the gay bears desktop wallpaper
My SPCE calls were murdered that day
[removed]
That was pretty good
Can’t believe I put my weekend happiness in the hands of an EV company
If i can get a 350 put reasonably priced at market open im going for it
R C E P
We can save more, just do those 4 things until vaccine. Just like with every other plague before this one.
How about this

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/joy3kv/look_im_eating_pizza/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
I, for one, welcome our robot overlords.
EVERY social network is at this point.
btfd
Link?
Pretty red my ninja
Gl brother. Had a good run up into earnings, at ath. Froday afternoon would have been a good time to sell. But, i hope they smash earnings amd bring u the green
Agreed. Which is why I want PLTR!
I can’t see your link. Anyway, I recognize that it is unlikely. However I wouldn’t discount the possibility.
Oh no! 😬 poor rock... 😔😩🥺
I would have retired in 3rd world country with that amount
I just read this article, no that's a lie I just read the headline and came here to let someone smarter explain it. Also read about Elon Musk having moderate covid case and how vaccine will help everything normalize by next winter. Someone's gonna come up with a nice game plan for Monday, not me but probably someone else
I think stay at home plays will be the order of the day.
Can ACB form a strategic partnership with WSB? 
They SERIOUSLY need this 😩.
You’re gonna want to buy low and sell high 👍🏼
Facebook hella toxic
If we don't get through and hold 370 we're going back down to 320.  This triple top is suspect
And rub your pp
how
Offset capital gains during the year and the actual loss is capped at 3,000/year.

So can't be used to offset earned income. :(
I had BABA on my list to research this weekend.   Will be a new position.  Thanks for the write up.  Gives me a great head start.   Best of luck on your trade.
Balls deep 100k worth shares avg 13
[deleted]
420
Lmao, I feel your pain dude
This. Not sure OP understands how this works
I worked at the House of Mouse as an intern couple years back and it really took the magic out of it but that show single handedly made me fall back in love
See you on Tuesday for NIO earnings.
Priced in
You clearly understood how to work to earn and save money and then you just throw it al away cause why?... you wanted to hit a lottery jackpot with your 400k?
Man that would have been awesome to be a Senator or something and know all that was going to happen. Shoulda known when I saw all the Chinese people wearing masks on Valentine’s Day.
Guys don’t forget that for every loss porn you see there are another 20 people who were too ashamed to post theirs

Ready to lose more money this week
Fund your Robinho account to begin trading!
For those about to Drop we salute you!
True but it's different when it's a coworker that loses you money not some rando on the net lol
Why did you keep sticking to puts lol, the past year, after like 4 months of covid, it was nothing but tendies even though society was coming apart
Fight at Sam’s over TP got defused when they realized they were both mango Qanon fans. The top is in.
I hear ya sister
Wow it looked like a pretty short thesis to me
[deleted]
I mean, if they had the $400k still and invested another $400k over the next 10 years, with compounding interest they’d have a lot more money than they will now. But this is a casino, so just a few good yolos and they can lose another $400k in no time!
[deleted]
Followers just want someones pocket to hold

Edit: bitches
Already priced in
Haha Pence? That guy is a religious nut job
Faygo hangovers don’t allow them out of bed before noon
Not gonna lie. I thought it was a 11/20 like a few of my other calls. But oh well. Just 4 contracts I purchased at .40 ...their high that morning was 1.79 

Would’ve been nice. Better planning next time.
jerk off
If I don't have a character then I have no clue since I wouldn't be thinking like I am now. It all depends how the new me thinks.
"Investing"
They all got wiped out I guess lol
Hard to buy milk
Why?
Y’all should start taking 2,000 iu of vitamin d daily.
Just watched a fews second of youtube clip and I already love it.
This is not the kind of thing I want to see before Monday
[deleted]
"Those are rookie numbers."--- Donald J. Trump probably.
Yo what kind of take is this lol
😭
[deleted]
corona doesn't move the market anymore. the most it will do is a sector rotation
[deleted]
Ummm I might try to extend that call... what if the flight date is moved 2 weeks because of the state of New Mexico lockdown?  

Still a solid investment as they are going to space but it might be in 3 weeks now versus next week.
You made my day.
Dude, pre-existing condition tendies.
[removed]
Pull a good ‘ole Doug Wilson
No puts. Looking to buy long shares on the cheap
Same song, second verse.
JNUG
Please cut some losses
[deleted]
Thx for the encouragement. Now Im ready to power thru everything 💪💪💪
If you haven’t already, watch the entire Imagineering Story. I finished in 2 days and I wish I could watch it again with fresh eyes
MU December 2023 $70C to the moon. Sleep at night and looking down the barrel at a 5 bagger
This made me feel much better, thanks
Jesus the news is apocalyptic.
That’s my motto
priced in. your puts will not print.
Those little green squares hanging on...
Where are the JNUGallos at? JNUG deserves its own subreddit because of how many people it fucks every year
Can we all agree paying with a watch is just a wealth flex. Imagine spending $200 just to use it as a credit card.  P.S. Pa future lockdown incoming. People are going crazy at BJs and Walmart.
What??
Move up the expiration date to this week on those NIO calls and then dump every penny you have to your name on it...you’ll be rolling in tendie town in no time
You didn’t mention at all what they do. The truth is, you don’t even fking know lol. The only logic you provided is that they have 8% ownership except you could literally pick 100 shit stocks that are over 50% institutional ownership that you would NEVER buy.
[deleted]
What happened to all the Hertz autists? I mean, I know what happened and they are working hard at the dumpster behind the Wendy's, but they should be represented on this chart.
Shut the fuck with 

Chart analysis is fucken stupid and your poor 

Shit don’t work
Ok that’s good. Most mortgages where I am are not fixed rate. 

Perhaps I am an optimist but I wouldn’t be surprised to see rates increase faster than that. It depends a bit how quickly the economy picks back up and if/when inflation starts to kick in
ew
You’ve restated the first half of my point, BOTH of those claims irresponsibly use non-causal metrics to make claims that are worth verifying. They fail to answer legitimate questions, but that doesn’t mean we should stop looking at those questions, it means that we should try to use *relevant* measures *responsibly* and actually try to get to the bottom of whether or not trump or Biden voters contribute more to the economy. And why there’s so much more crime in heavily democratic areas. Applying the scientific method to social issues is a good thing! We should try to get better at it, which is exactly why I advocate for PLTR leaps!
Just cancel my RSVP homie. Not even worth going to now
I mean it made some of us money when it first pumped to 90 🤷🏽‍♂️
[deleted]
She mustve went Yolo into tsla puts after the march bottom, now your penis is in her mouth for cheap otm spy calls
You could have easily just put 400k into AT&T and some dividend stocks, used 200k in margin and made 42k a year in dividend income and just retired lol
Chill with the lady bois man
One of my favourites for sure. Love the Abott and Costello Parts
Unless they made friends, were treated with cruelty and didn’t want to die...
WA state getting added to the list of states shutting down. OR, NM, parts of NY....I think we have some red days this week.
it shocks me how much of a cult being a trump supporter is. I heard two old ladies' the other day talk about how trump won the election with more votes.  Like how retarded and blind can you get.
lo fi hip hop beats to relax and **play chess to**

[https://chess.org/play/56a5c367-5f62-467a-b651-de3f08fa73f9](https://chess.org/play/56a5c367-5f62-467a-b651-de3f08fa73f9)
I hope everything goes your way boss. If it doesn’t, keep your head up and focus on your next wins whether that’s in the market or elsewhere in your life
You're missing out if you don't say trade your 401k
Soros is an evil man but like why would you buy millions of shares in this shit
[deleted]
I don't see how tech could be hurt by some partial lockdowns, everyone already knows how much business just moves to tech to keep the revenue stream, vax pumps are just very short term and fade quickly.
Yeah missed my opportunity
Even if they have majority it’s still not Dem controlled bc 2 Dems vote w conservatives. Dems need at least 52 seats.
I feel like after the first 10k? 100k? there comes a time when you realize this isn't for you
Simpilar times 😍🤏
If its not Trader Joe's 7 Layer dip im not going to bring my wii!
I just like the confetti
Thanks for the reply, fully understand the need for the change and the huge potential.

But have you read any analysts on governments or other investment firms stating any targets on the uptake of these technologies? 

Looks like a safe place to put some money
Hi I’m a chicken wing
Bears got nothin better to do on weekends
Volusia county for the past year. Was in south Florida before that
Yeah....because Robinhood is to blame for your choice in options and stocks
[deleted]
What price target in 3 years? Realisticlly whilst looking at market cap etc
Yeah that's a lot of money for EU. I'm very happy with my £32k for now, because honestly, most people I know around South West England where I live are earning like £22k-£27k. It's pretty low for a lot of people here. When rent and house prices are so high in my city too I can see why most people struggle saving anything
[deleted]
Ya but that’s also the only reason they were alive so it’s a net zero gain/loss
I might have the big sad on Monday if EVs will be red. Itll be game over for me.
The Nice Guys is funny af

Highly recommend
 ARKK HOSTILE TAKE OVER WTF?
I’m doing good king. Best way to help me is pursue success in your own life 👑 retards together strong
I didn't finish until I got to slide two and saw that you were up 100% before going to zero....unnnngggghhhh
Wanted to turn on notifications of these short sellers lol
I agree with that, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t some great, factual info out there. Remember that story by that reporter for the Miami Herald about Epstein and Matt Gaetz shady “deal” for diddling kids? Also, there is a graph out there showing the racial, religious, and sexual make up of each senator and representative in the two parties is a great example of the priorities of the current GOP. If you ain’t a white Christian male, apparently you shouldn’t look to the GOP for representation.
All of the kids are going to hate me my mom got the wrong bean dip for my sleepover 😡
I know right? Where is the other 9%?

Dude cant count.
Bro why do you think they sell out before it’s even humanly possible to get an order in? From what I’ve read bots seem to have been a huge problem. Maybe it’s just nvda making excuses idk
LETS GO BULLS GONNA EAT MONDAY!!!!!
You got your new copy of Trader’s Almanac too! How my soy futes look?
I want to buy more NIO but I'm mad I didn't at 50 went in on 42..so would have bought them all back plus extra but now I'm just salty
this is wsb
I never thought about that. I always assumed it was people with massive portfolios that were playing around in a smaller account
Yeah because a company can just keep losing 800 million a year out of their ass for 17 years
Where I live, there has been a flurry of people buying homes/new mortgages because of the drop in interest rates since corona. Both buying new places and second housings for rental/investment. I gotta think that this trend will start to reverse when rates increase.

Fair enough - I am only familiar with rocket mortgage
[deleted]
[deleted]
*4 puts
When the market is consistently  defiant of reality, both up and down, it’s hard for me to know whether or not I’m being sarcastic.
[deleted]
I have SPY puts locked and loaded at cash open.  Expecting Trump lawyer Sidney Powell on election, "I will release the Kraken!".
Yes a vote for Biden is a vote for America to fall.
Friday was a green day. SPY ended at $358. Selling a weekly for 11/20 $365c would net you about a hundred dollars which is about a 0.3% return. If you could do that once a week you could make $5k a year on your $36k investment plus ~$500 in dividends.
This is justice. You entered the arena and it found you wanting.
Nah, you don’t know shit. I hope you don’t mind living in a box
Exactly because of that. Most people don’t even know any company apart from ACB, what happens is when they read or hear any news regarding cannabis legalization, they just FOMO buy the most known cannabis company. Then they get fucked because more experienced traders know this and sell when they made good gains. That’s what happened with solar companies. SunRun, which is the most overpriced stock, went up way more than its better counterparts like Canadian Solar, just because it’s the most known
Propaganda politics going to work
Inverse inverse inverse
PT2?!
Wow you’re fucking retarded. Thanks for making me feel better about my -50k year
u/pokimane
[deleted]
For sure, it’s hard to believe that anyone voted for 🥭 this time after everything he f’d up. Puts on country bumpkins
Their torpedos aren’t even leaving the torpedo bay. https://www.ft.com/content/20b114b5-5419-493b-9923-a918a2527931 

These are all such laughable suits, no merit to anything significant. Following the r/law sub, it’s been a source of pure comedy. Having lawyers say shit like “there is a non-zero number of observers” and “we have no evidence of fraud” to a judge would be gut busting funny if I didn’t feel so sorry for the counsel.
Trump did this
Your at the low!!! Now is the time to buy!!!!
You sure that’s not some bears at Wendys?
So what's the short term catalyst here? I only see that soon lots of shares will be locked out and there is a danger it will create lots of selling.
Why would institutions pile up now when they know fresh shares are coming around the corner?
Yes, long term there is potential but this is WSB. Not investing.
I would appritiate more if people would come out straight forward and say let's pump this bitch up and leave those bags high.
"if I'm bearish"

Helps to read the fucking text. 

Wouldn't take any of this shit advice anyway though

You have to be legitimately stupid if you think people who make money would actually help you make money and give away their secrets
The next round of stimulus checks will be coming soon.  You’ll rebound lol
You get a special gift for your sacrifice. I hope more people read this comment so they know I’m not joking. It’s literally a killer.
The double edged sword that is a TFSA trading account.
Falcons winning the SuperBowl
shhhhhhh

We need everybody to feel safe so everybody goes back to work and stonks go up
It's going to be a narrow majority. I don't like their chances in 2022.
Rumour has it that the brightest coder geeks from Silicon canyon  aspire to work there
Penis begins rising.
I read it! Thank you OP 🙏🏻
Its not too hard my man. Only for about a month or so. I made and then promptly blew 150k in a week in June lol. Its not end of the world and you'll make it back eventually. Just keep chuggin
Yes.. why not? Look at how cheap are those puts.. ehy shouldn't?
If you get a large enough pool of people that all averages out. Like this one has 30k minimum people.
Holy shit the mattress king lives.
They usually target people in high risk areas to get a large enough sample of positive tests. You can still get useful information just by comparing to the placebo group. This is why China isn’t testing their vaccine in China. There aren’t enough positive cases there to test effectiveness.
Robinhood should’ve given us a put option on this guy’s portfolio
[deleted]
That's like $5 American.
OP says ‘most likely’ has a moderate case of Autism
a crab is pinching my penis
You crushed it bro
ay bro stick to what you’re good at: writing fan fics for onlyfans to make money for the winter
Hey, you had a lesbian wife, that's a win
Dude, you lost more in one year than I built up in my life savings.

Grats?
Start by placing winning bets
Positions NIO 60C 3/19/21
Buy low, Sell High . Diversify.
The term retard is a term of endearment here. I feel like you should be banned just for not knowing that.
You’re calling a crash and HYG is your play?
Watch NIO earning be amazing and it sells off... really hope that doesn’t happen but this market is retarded like that. Good = bad reaction and bad =good reaction  praying for us****
Lots of edgelords want to expose people to the virus but that's not how they do it really. They just get a bunch of people and compare how many cases show up in the vaccine group vs the placebo group. That ends up being a more realistic scenario. Most people aren't getting viruses injected into them in real life.
Wait but isn’t that much much better if you average decent gains?
It’s funny how bears just post about the one time they made money as if it means anything considering most lost it on the way up. If only you could play both sides 🤭, I’m glad I stopped being a delusional bear after banking over $100k in March, or else I’d end up like you tards reminiscing about “the glory days” 🤣
This is the galaxy brain shit I come here for, thank you.

I’m ready to be a Kiwi, sign me up.
NASDAQ trading on a 11year resistance line. Look for flat monday Tuesday then a breakout or dump late week. I'd put my money on a small breakout followed by retesting the 11 year trendline
Thanks brotha been pretty self conscious lately, are my eyes lying to me? I see 🍆 but apparently its 🌶
There is a whole WALMART store closed in my city due to too many COVID cases with their employees
You have to lose it all first and also go negative
Even Pfizer got hit. Damn.
Heyyyy, tomorrow is the 16th. Are you implying something?
bullish
Once the elderly and vulnerable are protected things will be back to normal.

The majority of people hospitalised by it are in those groups.
Kind of.  Ideally they expire 'barely' worthless. If just above $280, he can buy them back Friday PM at par, then sell the following weeks calls at a higher price (or combo higher price plus higher strike), which would leave him even more upside on his Feb calls. The point of my original idea was to spark an idea for OP, so that he could derisk and lock in a killer short-term profit.
One of the easiest chance to make green in March, I means like 80% of stocks go green.

Hope you have somethings left in port and waiting for new round of Stimulus.

There's still a chance buddy.
Lmaooo
Sir I have a degree from keller school of management. They don't just let anyone in there
Hi
What if one share is two million and I have half a share?
For a second i forgot im reading wsb and then saw this comment lmaooo
I want an add on for my running app where it reads me the $NIO stock price once per minute as I run.
Damn, thought I made these trades on the dark pool
[deleted]
✳️eekend ✅ow is more telling than actual futures IMO. We’re going up
Did he? I’m not convinced
Managers when Karen's ask for them
Weekend DOW is fake and gay. That being said, so is this market. I want a bloody red Monday please.
You’d only know after you’ve over bought shit options at ridiculously overpriced numbers only to watch it hold steady, drop the IV and lose 15-40 cents by just staying at the same price.
If your strike is ITM at exp, kiss your shares goodbye. If you are OTM on your strike, you keep premium and your shares
So you'd do it 3 times?
[deleted]
Best buying opportunity ever. I kept buying more and more shares of TQQQ each paycheck I got. No balls, no profit
I didn’t say I trust fox’s numbers, and I wouldn’t for the life of me trust the feds numbers whether mango, sleepy joe, big O, bush, creepy Bill, or anyone. Been around long enough to watch everyone of these guys tell whatever BS story they want and all the morons in this country just eat it up. 

We’ve lost the collective ability to think for ourselves
Powerful you have become. Much to learn you still have.
You guys remember before 2020 started and you didn't have disdain for people you used to somewhat respect, because you found out what a complete and utter dumbass they were?

Good times
How is it less pathetic than being poor? Poor people were usually born poor but not necessarily retarded, this guy was just born Retarded
Who got the big sad
The serious damage from Corona is the result of the body's immune response to the pathogen, not from the pathogen itself. Your folks are probably fine just on a stats basis, but the bad stuff would appear 1 or 2 weeks from initial infection.

There is also the remote possibility of the "extended corona" experience, where mild symptoms last for months.

You're probably fine though.
Absolutely.  America needs to fall.
Walmart goes up during lockdown and reopening. EZ
[deleted]
Out of money option plays. They expire worthless and poof. All money gone
https://twitter.com/Schuldensuehner/status/1327536246374055937?s=19

So don't buy the dip?
That will be my xmass card photo for 2020... with no money inside for anyone.
[removed]
Yes and no
JD bring me tendies.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PraiseTheCameraMan/comments/juewqm/i_would_have_defecated_myself_this_is_nuts/

Bears during the election
Aussie
March 2021
Username checks out
Post it
then how does that ensure the results are accurate? People live in different conditions and some may be higher risk to get the virus depending on where they live, their age and what their job is. Couldn't the safety measures adopted like wearing masks and social distancing artificially inflate the effectiveness of the vaccine in a pure numbers way since less people would get the virus?
This is a solid DD I’m in you nasty motherfucker
Beautiful!
FREEBABA
Most indice tracking funds average 9-12% a year.
i vote yes
Here's the dynamic - say you are manager of Fidelity Select Technology mutual fund.  Your mandate is to invest in technology companies. Right now, IPOB is a SPAC - a shell entity that holds $400MM cash. It is not a technology company (yet). 

Once IPOB combines with Opendoor, it becomes a technology company and trades as such, therefore folks like Fidelity can buy. Note there are a ton of mutual funds focused on innovation, technology, and high growth names, in which Opendoor would fit. 

Many funds like Fidelity will either participate in the PIPE offering or post combination - rarely if ever do they buy SPACs pre-combo because they do not have SPAC mandated mutual funds.
They’re Libertarians and agnostic
Probably not. Ppl need a reason to rotate on i think.
Packed to the rim bruh
boys corona getting worse/lockdown incoming. bloody red monday?
Hyln crashed right when it merged with the shell company. NIO is already established bro c'mon show us your puts lol
March-April all over again. Try Kroger pickup if available, they’re pretty spot on.
[deleted]
Hop on to the BABA bus now, we heading for the moon.
Depends on the size of your nuts.
If you asked me this question last week and replaced 300 with 258 I would’ve said no way, alas
Hard to perceive sarcasm in a written statement.
As u/unhedgedaids mentioned, look into the company.  If there's something they do that isn't a part of the job description but you have experience with, maybe bring it up.   Might make yourself a bit more marketable, but try to read the room first.  

Good luck!  Definitely don't mention being here ever, or spending the entire year slinging spy calls.  🤫
marriage is like a tornado....a lot of blowing and sucking in the beginning, then u lose your house
Na man, girls vaginas are just getting bigger lol you were right yesterday
no you
Shut up pussy
So essentially, your brain thought of selling puts so you decided to use your ass to blow smoke. Next
I've been selling covered call weeklies to try to get some money back from this dog.
No lie.  I watched this guy I grew up with and thought I knew my entire life eat a wing clean one time, cartilage and all.
He had
Get in loser, we are catalyzing the loss of all data privacy but will become wildly rich in the process
Nah my buddy is. I’m just the one that took all the head trauma of a boxer, hence the retardation of my post.
Expect margins to be crunched accordingly. The customers in rural areas especially do not care to pay extra for their "always low prices" lifestyle.
pls report this spam account thnx
Stop, my cock can only get so flaccid
AND MY AXE!
All in
Yes
YOUR ARE WELCOME
If 2020 has taught me anything it's that the US is filled with a bunch of fuckin idiots
Whos got the other half of this rally tiger? We need both halves to wage war on the bears. Chinese war history is cool
This shit needs to be posted to /r/antstreetbets
Because people *just* got burned on ACB and because it’s *known* as a shit company
I’m bullish on it because i bought it the day it was the lowest and I’ve profited almost 50% off of it in stock alone. I was waiting for a soft brexit, but I might sell out early if it hits $30 by mid December or if Tony Blair becomes PM again.
Lol yeah that came out of fucking nowhere lol
Puts
yesterday he was spam re-posting all the top comments of the thread, he is a bot for sure
Any chance of BABA 300 this week?
I love the bottom right of the biotech sector.  Looks like a giant hole into oblivion.
👮🏻‍♂️👮🏻‍♂️👮🏻‍♂️👮🏻‍♂️ we found him boys
👀 yet AMZN refuses to go up. I think the market may be too far forward looking
They go about their daily lives. It would be unethical to expose someone to the virus intentionally.
Better than that, you can claim the losses :)
Send me a pic, I’ll let you know
Wait until December and inclusion of S&P and then killer earnings.
Myself?
[deleted]
If I recall, there last earnings resulted in pullback at a lower price point, so I agree that downside is more likely.

Same for TGT, who has better growth prospects in my opinion.
🌈 🐻 time to shine
[deleted]
ppriced in.
Selling both
Walk in there in a hoodie and sweat pants, have a Newport hanging outta your mouth as you ibtroduce yourself, immediately smell the interviewers hair to establish your dominance
Oh ok. Better not hold any covid stocks, got fucked very hard when Pfizer stated theirs xD
Remember that somewhere one chicken died for every 2 flats and 2 drums of chicken wings you eat
Holy FUCKKKK madlad
Great dd im in
GE?  

Nah, you made a fair point though.
[deleted]
Except they’ve always done so.

https://apnews.com/article/why-does-media-call-races-us-elections-20e9b5688aa0b7404648ea74b1c2f4dc

The EC casts the deciding votes but the press had always called presidential elections ever since mid 1800s.
Wow, I can’t wait to make so much money on my 11/20 $50c on 🍑.
If this thread isn't a representation of wallstreet, I don't know what is
Probably another red day when they announce a second shut down but not to this extend. Notice biotech stock like GILD dipped a lot less than financial and tech sector stocks.
Blockbuster
Oh yeah right forgot they are technically a religion 😂😂
Thanks, good luck. I may try to buy 1 or 2 puts. Will have to see how much the price has changed at 9:30.
Fucking IM Nintendo wii sports avatar
Def red tomorrow
Jesus would invest in weed stocks
You need to learn about market timing instead of thinking “the stock market only goes up” I’m willing to bet my returns are better than your parents’.
Most business is in cities, cities tend to be blue. It doesn’t tell you anything. If someone said 87% of crime is in cities, what would be your response? That Dems commit more crimes, or no shit, cities will have more crime. It doesn’t tell you anything. More gdp will be where there are a whole lot more people
So, I was told by a certain person my pp is small, but thats just one person’s opinion can you guys confirm?
[deleted]
[removed]
You def lick bones for flavor. And tendies
I think folks are gonna sell into the HD earnings.  I’m not playing HD right now though because I’m not convinced I’m n either direction.
The first one.
And then poor again.
Load HYG put 18 december.. market will crash cause lockdowns and no stimulus! Pay 20 to 1
Show us your puts. NIO bears starting to get worried about monday pre market 😂
Why not marry someone you love instead?
Scientology
He learned he's great at losing money.
I almost forgot the rug pull was tomorrow until I saw the daily reminder. 

Thanks rug pull guy
I mean if you’re dumb it’s just economic Darwinism. Having said that I too have lost large sums in fd plays
Fuckiing leprechaun
Going all in Tesla Total Landscaping on Monday
ah ok, makes sense.
Man I just know bulls are gonna lose their asses lol
No way. ❎eekend ♻️ow has been slowly trending up all weekend
Anything is an investment if you do it for the right decisions including going all in on red.
I'll be in 9n everything I just mentioned
I am short term bearish at the moment
When is the remaining 80% lockup period finished? Expecting a dip then? I’ll grab so tasty calls on that day.
They are just going to release some results like Pfizer did
i have this guy flagged as spam account
how do vaccine trials work? After injecting a volunteer with a placebo/vaccine do they just tell them to go about their normal lives and just observe the participants if they get sick? Or is it more like they expose them directly to the virus and check if they get sick?
RNA based vaccines cannot be produced at scale, let alone distributed at scale. 

Only Pfizer or Astra Zeneca's approach can actually be manufactured in the millions / billions of units needed.

Not saying the market cares about that, but travel is already up into a range where I don't feel comfortable going long.
Look at wday and nvda calls for eps run up and bby and dks calls for eps run up next week, this is of course the market stays green, if we go red id look at bidu de and sjm puts
Looks like the first 6 months was the best!
Jesus, if you inversed yourself you would have been right 100%
when you say pistachios unshelled do you mean shell on? Shelled means shell off right, so I'd assume you'd just say pistachios
I hope we get devil dick red candles all day tomorrow so I can exit my UVXY
Not until next summer at least
He exited most of his water investments a few years back if I recall correctly. GME now.
jfc uninstall broker app and collect your millions in 5-10 years dude
300 at $10 + 5x 2.19 24c
I was thinking of setting up an trust fund for my nieces and nephews and my god gotta make sure I add a clause that they can’t yolo it like you
Yeah I feel the same way. The older people in my family don’t believe me when I say that the move to renewables is pretty much do or die.
Yeah but BABA is really undervalued right now. Was hoping to JD results without dealing with the IV crush.
Sorry man I’m kinda an oldie.... NYT top 10...
[deleted]
Damn Cameron smith lmao wtf breh breh 😂🤣
Wait! You still have a pending stock! Could be anywhere from $1-$5000
I’m inclined to agree but I worry about their financials all the same. This has been a brutal year for airlines and cruises.
Oh so the regulators are supporting the move by Baba and trying to make it the industry standard? But wouldn’t that boost competition among producers and manufacturers at the cost of stifling the ability of marketplace startups like Alibaba and JD.com?
First I suck the sauce off. Then I suck the meat off. Then I lick the bone for the extra flavor
See, what happened here is you done fucked up.
“My buddy uses their software and doesn’t like it”
I’m a leap holder for 2022/01. I have no doubt that the share will continue to rise. How quickly I just don’t know. I’m scared to death that we’re headed for another fucking market panic because of trump and his fuck ups with covid 19. That and coming violence that Trump is stoking from his supporters. The market will recover but when? 2022 2023?
Wait, is it actually coming out? Or is it more like a showcase.
The best day to buy as well. March 16 was the bottom for many tickers this year.
Lol what religion need you to make six figures a year? Anyway I am in lol
Not even remotely on topic now. 

Man you're fucking stupid, lol so fast a response time, to say nothing over and over again.

You're right I'm expecting way too much from you idiots
I’ve never held an option contract overnight. I just trade them within trading hours and ride the waves.
good af.
Would u use DD as bible?
10/10 wont trade again
I got mine at .17 last Thursday thankfully I guess I’m just stating here I’m not selling ‘em lol
Trying to think of something funny here but I really just feel bad for you tbh...
What’s the few green dotted around?
Cause yer catholic
They’ve already sold
/r/boomershumor
Yeah damn. My buddy from college told me his coach put him in on the d line with a fractured wrist cuz it’s Texas football and he should just work through the pain if he wants to be on the team
Every 10 years
Ok so we are all bearish for this week right?
P/E is calculated with 2022 numbers not current for growth companies. TSLA IIRC was smtn like 7. NIO was 8 and XPEV was 6. 

People don’t care about the numbers now. They just hear Tesla of China and FOMO hits them strong after Tesla 1 year run up. 

Either way theres money to be made with NIO going either way. Why do people get emotionally attached to tickers. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I FaceTime myself just to hear a real one talk
Why? It was month ago.
[deleted]
Well considering the bear market it’s been in relatively recently even when things were good, I’d have serious doubts that this bullish momentum has any staying power.  I mean they’d have to pivot to renewables and quick if they want to remain relevant and keep this momentum going.
19
I’m accumulating up to 1000 shares initially but it may take me a while since I’m playing with peanuts. Hoping my UVXY calls print hard so I can buy a fuck ton of this and sell calls on it forever
Support around 240. Might wanna come in a little earlier than 220👍
What you mean had?
Red monday.
Lol yeah gotta get that key Scranton vote
It impacts people differently and symptoms have been known to get worse over time even after an apparent recovery. Stay safe and stay inside until it's all cleared up. Wish you well.
Got to pay them fees if staying in port. That's why they all anchor outside and just refill in port. Clusters of ships between the Bahamas and Florida.
The stimmy is supposedly going to be less than a trillion. Spy puts when we hit aths again
No. RonJeremy.
[deleted]
I have orders in for market open. Hopefully I can get in before anything happens
Therell be no stimulus without a pullback. You don't need to stimulate a good *economy* (stonk market)
Have you tried putting it in rice?
[deleted]
CGW
NVDA and HD calls tomorrow
Anyone knows of any Twitch streamer that live streams their options yolo? I figure this is a niche but interesting watch lol. Is this considered gambling and against Twitch TOS?
Is that Skymall? If so I'm in.
Yes but Nio has planned to expand to Europe by next year, this just makes the future of EVs seem brighter. With how quickly China has adopted EVs and how they're adapting solid infrastructure to support them, other countries might be looking at ways to replicate what they're doing and that's obviously good for this industry not just Nio
Mother of God. I've gambled and lost like $8k of profits from  previous wins, and am about done with options at this point. I couldn't even fathom losing like this. Well done sir
I’m planning to buy in after earnings if they do well, I think. Earnings is typically a big hit to stock price this year because... reasons... so if it drops after a good report I’ll take it as a good sign.
[deleted]
https://i.redd.it/0i556wgedfz51.png
You don’t understand how much democrats love this time of data bulk collection and shit. It’s not a politics thing, both dem and repubs want control. 

Hence why it skyrocketed after Biden’s win. Just look at what Obama did with the military industrial complex
Nah u Gucci gang
sorry about your loss fam i lost 5 k and was so hurt but seeing this is just a reminder to be smarter and i hope we can all learn from this
Thoughts on Norweigian Cruises and United Airlines?

I firmly believe the travel and tourism sector will come back QUICK 
(along with other affected sectors) once a vaccine starts rolling out.
How old are you?
[deleted]
Stooooopid
I... Uh... I don't know if Robinhood is the problem in this situation?
What happened to markets are forward looking 3-6 years tho?
He is correct gap fill to 28 is imminent u will shit the bed soon if ur just brushing this info off ur shoulder. Guarenteed
True. Everyone does seem to be assuming they’ll be close to as good as pfe
It's 2020 Mondays are green
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
never do that i tried and fucked so badly in my tesla calls that now i am paying my loan for a fucking pussy :-(:-(
*Marriage is buying a house for someone you hate. Remember that*
Rocket Monday and Tuesday. Sell off before earnings. Buying back in Wednesday. Hopefully my 11/20 calls print something before ER
CEO, "One day will make our own cars".  Paper Tiger
People who stick the whole wing in their mouth are mad sus
DLTR 11.20 100c - got it.
I did I just said that for the joke
F
$KO and $PEP lel
Yesterday was slightly bullish here, today I see da bears back.
When is China coming to take over I prefer Jinping to Biden
Listen, lol I’m not defending yahoo’s valuation in 1999, nor am I defending yahoo at present. My remark was just an off-hand comment about valuations and how ridiculous they can get. I don’t REALLY think yahoo and nio or whatever we are talking about are comparable. 

But to your point. Yeah, yahoo started as a search engine. Reminds me of another company that started as a search engine... Can’t remember but I think it starts with a G
Probably about the same
I’d give her my 12 COTTONWOOD RD
I own a lot of NIO but even I am not that retarded.
I don’t see a Biden admin doing anything about ADRs, it’ll just expand or create from scratch free trade agreements
DAILY REMINDER RUG PULL UPSIES TOMORROW
Margin buys all in one basket could bring you to nothing since you'll owe. An example is if you have $1000 and the margin buy is also $1000, youd get to put up 2k into a stock. If the stock drops say 30% like like the example buy green and sell red, so basically it dropped 35% ($1300 left), you sold. It rose 40%, you bought and then dropped 23% (roughly $1000 left). Penny stocks do this, btw. High gains and losses and very unpredictable if you're not patient. With 1k left, margin requires you to sell off, which means youd be at zero.
Reminds me of a picture I saw of someone recommending $ROPE in a text and responder asked ROP?. Do you have these positions already or going to buy at market open, depending where the price has gone from 9-9:30?
Alexa, play George Michael Faith
Well let’s hope someone doesn’t catch that Apple at the last minute 😉 all I’m saying is, Trump has NOT said Joe is going to be 46 - Joe is in the lead as you say, but has not yet ‘won’. 

Trump could well be successful, you never know. He’s been successful all his life, and I don’t think the winning will stop now. 

But I’m not getting into an argument with you about that. Go enjoy your day / evening, wherever you may be. I do hope you aren’t an American facing the prospect of a Biden presidency...
Go look up cdc website. Has good info on specific scenarios
Fuckin moron.
Gracias
[deleted]
Then keep losing money you’ll eventually win
you belong here
[deleted]
What does being  **"autistic"** have to do with your gains and losses?
How do I invest in water?

I want to be like Mike
Robinhood: My Broker
400k lose on Robinhood
The Solution: My Fault on not researching and learning
I’ve laughed at that line every time except now. Market is fragile af right now. Even Jerome looks nervous.
Great show, Asoka where ya at?
I went balls deep on 2022 Jan $20c. Just need Big Gun Biden to start a few wars.
Start writing weeklies for christ sake
Completely different situation lol
3 SPY Puts locked and loaded.
I've been hearing this same story since the 28s.
Puts will probly print, but it looks like uptrend for right now and it closed out friday nicely. My calls are weeklies now and down about 60%  plz halp. But, with any positive vaccine news, sbux to ath for sure
Not smart so just asking, what's the rough loss if it trades sideways past 12/4?

Edit: Asking bc might make this my first option bought lol
Bulls will run wild tomorrow. We don’t care about the surging COVID cases. Sleepy Joe will give us stimulus in a couple of months.
Keep in mind they launched wal mart plus this past quarter.
It only takes one or two torpedoes to sink a battleship, doesn’t matter how many you fire. The big lawsuit that will likely go to the Supreme Court has not been decided on yet.
we're soft losers? dude ... you're literally in a sub that uses the scientific name for "greening out".
teach me the ways
Idk. I thought about grabbing some calls too. But everyone is expecting them to have great earnings. Unless they just absolutely blow everyone out of the water I think last weeks big run up is pricing in the earnings.
Limit up Monday
How does one do this and not immediately $ROPE
They’ve waited 17 years to sell. Let those niggas get some money for cocain and hookers
Yes very long this one. No options, just holding it for years and years
Fuck me... 25?? I’m 28 in US and was barely making 35k a year before being let go due to COVID lmao. And I thought I was doing pretty well
Don’t pull that shit when you have a wife and kids... you’ll be the one crying.
Trade options in your Roth like a Chad
Shit can go tits up I had it and thought it was some pussy shit then one day I woke up and felt like a Boulder was on my chest then the next days I felt fine and recovered lol
This comment was in reference to nio
Is this copypasta
[deleted]
Let’s see a screenshot big guy.
why though
You're argument is like holding an apple over the ground and then letting go.  But before it stops you say "but has it hit the ground yet??"   No it hasn't hit the ground yet, and obviously the electoral college hasn't put in its decision.  But gravity will continue, and the votes are already in to drive it.
Yeah that's why you oftentimes can't catch companies before they moon.. you have to wait until they moon, buy, then wait for them to go parabolic. Trying to buy bio's before their run-ups is a fools errand, or any stock for that matter but alot of people try to spread their chips between like 10 bio's hoping one will have an insane run, and what do you know? All 10 could be duds.. meanwhile all the time and risk waiting for them to run up could have been earning 10-20% on a high beta blue chip.. usually more but that's conservative.
So what technical does a Benz or BMW surpass Tesla in?

Safety? No.

Reliability? No.

Speed? No.

Technology? No.

Better wood trim?  Ya got me buddy.  Clearly German superior wood is why I should buy that car.
There I was sitting on a bench, no hobo!
Which one?
I’ll have to watch
Vax news only has a few, small pumps left. Market knows it’s going to be Q3 before immunity is adequate for post-rona economy.
“Futes” oughta be slang for an illicit substance or a brand of cigarettes. Don’t even bother trying to change my mind.
Gonna yolo 5k on open Monday. Let's see

Also gonna Splitt another 5k between TSM and Qualcomm
$100K/year isn’t that much these days, sadly. I crossed it last year for the first time and it didn’t feel like anything change. It’s even worse this year since COL has gotten way out of control due to Covid.
I tried to do this - but I ended up accidentally laughing and that got her more upset.  😂😂
If you’re gonna be a racist then at least spell it right 🥱
anyone got the Series X link?
Lol this sub is full of fucking soft losers. No wonder you guys struggle doing this.
Yes equifax* [did](https://money.cnn.com/2017/09/13/investing/equifax-stock-mark-warner-ftc-probe/index.html). Not 100% that this is going to happen but if it follows general trends of companies taking nosedives after breaches, I wouldn’t be surprised.
Wait you don’t even know that the market is closed right now lmao
Just wait until thanksgiving they’ll have stock
Idk about but i want a full blown women with nice hips and big tities like Pelosi
Miami for New Years?
[deleted]
Puts on you ever having kids.
Lol. So we should believe the extreme misinformation and rhetoric coming from Mango and Fox News? According to them, there is some sort of “crisis” on the border, and the Dems want to give our sons sex changes
I used to make firecrackers and blend them into a Reese’s milkshake in college right after I got my wisdom teeth out. Not overrated.
DAILY REMINDER RUG PULL TOMORROW
What's the plan for WMT earnings? Things sound good, but it looks like they've already run up to the very top of their price channel so I'm feeling like a sell the news situation.
Puts pay better, calls are more consistent
I'm more of a "shitty 18 year old" festival guy, but more of the mainstream ones that attract a fairly wide audience. Most people are 18-23ish, but at the same time there are still plenty of people up to about 35.
Funny I was just seeing ads for ps5 games I like uh does anyone actually have the console yet
I'd cum on Ma's face if it's true about BABA.
Ya, it's pretty dope. Maybe too soon for an upgrade but definitely an upgrade
🌈🐻4life baby!!!
>  it's the destruction of the middle class and their savings, with frequent bubbles and depressions

We've already covered that there were more crashes under the gold standard.

But further, tell me: was the middle class larger in the 1800's or in the mid 1900's?
Precisely 😎
Of them all I believe XOM has a fighting chance. On last week’s pump I was able to free myself of MRO, OXY, and APA after holding bags forever.
Pics or it didn’t happen
Yes, options expiring worthless/ everything mooning as I bag held my entire portfolio in puts with no hedges
Start the funeral arrangements,  you had a good ride.
I was so 🌈 when I watched Ratatouille again, had my blanket and cereal bowl all ready to go
I don't consider a 400 bill valuation a crash.  Its run has just begun, as many analysts have projected.  Do you really think NIO is going to climb 5% a day forever too?  

I don't bet, I invest.  It's why I actually make money.  How much did you make on your Tesla puts?

TSLA is about to break out again as soon as Q4 and FSD beta gets wide release.  But please, keep betting on commie china.  After all, LK worked out so well for everyone .
Holla, thanks for the update
Oh I’m sure. He coined the term “fake news” just to give himself and his cult members the ability to blatantly deny science and any and all news from the left. Remember that forest fires are caused because the National Forest Service does a bad job picking up all the dead leaves.

In reality, both sides of mainstream media are fucking dumb and I fact check everything I read unless I watched it live.
[removed]
I like his mustache
But will it ever be what it once was? Def agree with bullish momentum short term but what about 5/10/20 years? I’m a little biased actually lol, my absolute bitch of a god mother is a millionaire a few times over in just XOM stock. She’s like 68 and her grandmother bought them 60+ years ago. Also she almost certainly won’t will me any
No, same with xbox. Ill get anything at this point as long as its not fucking price gouged
I didn't, that's why the DR is there.
Honestly, that's what I call a cool story bro. Such a riveting tale, I honestly copy and pasted it to word, saved on my hard drive, backed it up on a jump drive, drove to the bank, put the jump drive in the safe deposit box, and will leave it there until my kids turn about 12 (when they can actually state their age, and ask what it is I'm showing them), when I will pick it up, put it in an old USB drive reader and relay this cool story to them and tell them, "kids, this is what a cool story should look and sound like...not like the stories your generation tells
Haha but for real I’m going all in on PLTR, it will bring me into the promise land I just know it
NIO? more like NO
Well you see, you take the IV of the overall indices and when you print out the mantabulator conformation you get a formulaic reciprocity of the entirety of the marketable shares and individual stocks but on a geolocatable basis involving high numbers of quantumly entangled pairs or bi-pairs (sometimes even tri-pairs / hexagonals) that sufficiently produce the desired unmarketable positions and plays involved in artificially intelligent dominant systems.

It's just common sense.
[deleted]
This. This is it gentlemen. This is what i live to see
So you single or what
[deleted]
The weekend down isn’t real
>just hang up ~~the call~~

FTFY.

Seriously though, OP doesn't seem to be all too impressed He's probably a millionaire who played around with some pocket money… probably… I hope :S
Stonks go up
Is that...greeen ? I don’t think my phone can display that color
Remember the fake benchmarking site that Intel had under its own whois information? And it still exists? They finally transferred it to an anonymous whois, iirc.

Remember how they crippled compilers to hurt AMD performance?

Remember that they had to agree to a settlement with the US government for illegally activities?

These aren't the marks of a good company.
you dumb
No idea, I have yet to research this
Anyone find a ps5?
r/usernamechecksout
You forgot to mention they do black op analytics for our supreme leader Donnie. Bought 214 shares Friday to the mooon
She’s hot
How do i make this my alarm

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jr5ym1/pzifer_vaccine_news_hitting_the_market/
I think $BABA might have one more bad day. This is bigger than a sell-off since Jack Ma spoke out against the RPC, then suddenly the Any Group IPO was called off. I bought at 260, but will be looking to buy more if it falls further
Yes but loose correlations and poorly told stories still provide jumping off points for actual research that has meaning. Your were right, but that still doesn’t mean it’s not worth looking into the overall claim more and carrying on the conversation, which is relevant. Like all problems though, we will print our way out of it. SLV leaps.
You have to take the woman's strategy and ask why she would want to leave you for a year and then start crying. Beat them at their game...
Stock rotation to Asia. Not yet, it was signed today.
Why would you blame this level of autism on an app?

This is 1000% your fault
Plant some drugs on her and call cops
May be good, may not be good
Yea but did you get that free stock?
7 hours until blood red futes
Lying is necessary sometimes friend. Puts on your relationship
Short gme if it breaks below the 50 dma, sure scalping. Success rate on the 50 dma trades is like 5/6

Don't get too greedy though
Other than send most of the muslims in their country to concentration camps?
No nut till lockdown boys!!!
wallow > work
My birthday 😍
[deleted]
Not a YOLO.
if wsb were to grow a mustache it would look like cameron smith's
Sup retards. Quick question. I know y’all are no doctors but, all of my family except me tested positive for the Rona. Nobody is having any symptoms at the moment. Mom got a bit of a headache two days ago but now she’s all good. Are we on the clear, or could shit go tits up still? We think we had contact with the virus about a week ago
This is the wealth gap IRL.
What’s her number
FOXA puts and AMC calls. I'm used to pain.
[deleted]
If they start excluding the U.S. then the U.S will push back I don’t think investors will have confidence on investing on their ADR’s not to mention Trump trying to ban Chinese “military owned” companies.
This might be the last chance to ride Nio before earnings
Really think the kangaroo market has wiped a lot out.  The SPY 3 month chart is pretty brutal
Because i can
What a retarded answer. You really think that’s what she wanted to hear? Have fun with damage control now
[deleted]
i lost 25k so far in rh & fidelity and i cant sleep thinking that shit all day long, you seriously have steel balls
For a few weeks. The longevity is shit.
Well, this one blew up and so many people are askin good questions. I could try to answer all, but kinda busy. Gonna slowly answer all of them within a week.😅
[removed]
FOXA puts and AMC calls. I'm used to pain.
Always calls on ZZZ
WRONG ANSWER CHIEF!
There's a bigger pandemic killing people worldwide everyday.  It claims 3700 lives and is completely preventable -- Automobile accidents.  Let's ban all travel.


Most people who die of COVID are above 70 and have a comorbidity.  99.9%+ of others recover.  Take ya Chinese Plague and you're communist bullshit over to WeChat or whatever tencent is doing nowadays.
Just some good calls in big company could have saved his ass... Dude is an example of a very firm bear. You should have taken a step back and rethink what you were doing. Atleast could have posted your first 50k loss in wsb.. Although we are retards, we might have given you good enough strategies as to not loose the whole $800k.
!Remindme 4.5 months
Mando is the best thing Disney has put out in years
I know, why?
Game over.
[deleted]
XOM would disagree, looking pretty bullish as far as momentum goes.
As they said, with the right strike prices/expiration dates it can do well. A clear hole in the strat is if the underlying trades sideways long enough for you to loose a good chunk of premium to theta you might not ever get a decisive enough move in either direction to influence the price of your options.
[removed]
But his put strategy worked that *one time*!  It works all of the times!!

A D J U S T  T O  T H E  M A R K E T
Um you can live your life AND still wear a mask? And after you recover from COVID, which I did, you can be less strict with the mask, assuming you have no symptoms of Covid/flu, as you can no longer spread it to others as per the CDC. 

Me shouting herd immunity as well is looking at this from a realist approach. The government sent people to die in wars for decades but somehow the idea of letting people die from this virus to achieve herd immunity and save more in the long run is laughable?

You and I relying on each other to combat this is a joke. Especially at this stage. People keep talking about what we could have done in March. March is OVER. This is all we can do now.
Show all time, pussy
gay
My girlfriend woke up this morning and the first thing she said was ,”Babe, if I had to go away for a year would you leave me”?

To which I said “yes”

... weve been together for 4 years.   And now she’s crying.   (She has absolutely no plans of going away for a year) 

How’s your morning going? 😂😂
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faithless_elector
Fuck off wtf. I swear every time I buy calls on a stock I think will pop, some dumbo on WSB posts a DD which only makes it tank
Bought ATH Nio shitload of calls sold at bottom right before correction.Lost 3.5k I hope I see green monday and tuesday so I break even.
I was long the s&p 500 and killed my account this glorious day
Did it crash afterwards, or not?
Why take the risk with Tesla?
The run is over, even if it goes up like 20 %, if the bubble pops it will go down 80. There are better stocks you can bet on rn.
I think you need to step up your grindr game
Pretty certain you have to disclose if you trade this stock.
yes, long term. we'll drill first before a swift recovery like this year. ban me if I'm wrong
Yea I just was just thinking PLUG had a pretty good run lately
The same has been said about BABA before IPO suspension.
[deleted]
Are you dumb or are you stupid? Clearly I can still trade, just not day trade. I’ve tripled my money on that NIO wave this week, how about you? 🤡
His wife has a girlfriend now, did you even read the caption
I don’t think that’s Robinhoods fault junior. You should take responsibility for your half million dollar fuck ups.
omm i made 35k on tesla one day and lost 15k another day just a roll of the dice
[deleted]
Google the company and ask questions about it.
All you have to do is find 2 good, trending companies....how do you lose this much? you can invest in Pintrest alone and have made almost 100% the last few months...
Yeah bud definitely suppresses dreams  when I take breaks my dreams are wild!
You know options are a financial instrument not a gambling medium right?
Amazon is a middleman company.
This shit gives me anxiety. AAL could easily stay flat like it was for months and you lose everything. That being said, I wish you luck.
This guy fucks amirite
We need the other half of DNA
poor AMD gang.. so many lost
Wow. This is a rare bear to LOSE money during the March crash. 

A lot of bears gave back all of their gains during April/May as they didn’t expect the market to keep rallying. But OP kept buying puts until the top & switched to theta Gang for one of the biggest crashes in history. Ouch.
I wouldn’t say $160 for a few hours is pocket change. That’s more than an 8 hour day at $15/hr minimum wage.
I miss those times. Easiest shorts ever. Shorted boeing all the way to 89
 But not nio right!?
JD tomorrow morning is either going to fuck me over or help me out of this last week's disaster. Holding BABA calls.
ramen noodle boot camp wasn't so bad, I did lose a few pounds though.
Its a shit ton of fun, freedom and escape from the normal rat race routine, why the hell not. Not referring to shitty drunk af 18 y/o festivals, but small alternative ones with all ages/types and music you actually like. those are the best times ive had by far
Puts are a better option on Starbucks
Anyone here looking to get out of some positions on Monday 9:30am without being IV crushed ?
Lmaooooo the STD prevalence among gay men is horrendous. Ill fuck both, and the times I've boned dudes I always fucking get crabs?!!
will we ever see something like this again?
yea so does facebook and google and amazon
10k 12/18 300C
This is the correct answer.
Have been trying to patiently establish some positions to get a portfolio going, but everything I purchase seems to do well for 2 or so months then take a crap and make it's way back down my purchase price. I'll figure it out, just wondered what can be done to protect in after hours. Thanks

Aw shit I just realized this is on WSB
The current useless govt is definitely trying this. The better incoming govt is smarter
Dont sell!
That’s the lambo right there...
[deleted]
Don't blame Robin hood lol
Is there a particular reason you’re so sure of GME, besides the usual drivel about a short squeeze that’s “100% going to happen”?
Can I get an ohhhh yeah
aka the dawn of 🌈🐻
[deleted]
No homo didn’t realize how much i would enjoy Disney+
You mean a company that copies someone else did more than th company that laid that ground work?  Tell me more.
[deleted]
The back of Big Oil has been broken. Prove me wrong.
How do we do this. Or is it one of those "anyone can do it... if they pay $10k a month for a bloomberg terminal"
Imagine if all the incel energy in this sub went to a good cause such as researching plays instead of wallowing in incel shit.
This market is fuk
Oh
What has been more profitable generally speaking, puts or calls for you guys?
Lmao we went from down 90 points on the weekend Dow to almost green
Arteza Aluminum Architect Scale Ruler is better imo, much more accurate and won't burn my BABA calls.
Removed because there's already 137 NIO threads OR the daily discussion this could be posted in.
I hear you, but to go absolutely to zero companies gotta go bankrupt or get voided. It’s actually hard to do if you’re diversified 😂 I guess
If we green on Monday, I’m doubling down on my SPY poots
I’d be too worried about being wrong and getting killed if they continue to surge and I don’t want to own these and sell them covered. I think many of these names could fall 50% or more in the next few months so despite the massive IV I think the puts could prove to be hugely profitable. These stocks are the Wild West right now
Late to the game, but welcome. I bought calls for the same expiration on Monday after doing some research over the weekend. Bought up 1/15/21 $9C for around $0.68, already up to $0.80
Yeah
[deleted]
Que?
So 3/5 are right at about 50%... not sure 41 weeks is statistically significant. Run it for last 1000 weeks and see if it shows patterns

If I had to guess it would be mondays tend to green and Friday’s tend to red but I’m intrigued your small sample hints at this
It’s all Robinhood’s fault! Otherwise you would be a millionaire by now.
I'm definitely doing okay, I've been fortunate to continue working my day job during the pandemic. I supose the main reason I'm not too bothered by my slight losses is that I have a fairly inconsequential amount of money in the market. About 500USD. While that's a tiny amount here, it's about a quarter of my liquid cash. And also the fact that I'm still up about 18% for the year. I'm really quite new to the market, and I'm enjoying the fact that I'm green for the moment! But even if I lose everything, I'm only 21, there's plenty of time to make it back!
[deleted]
Bro just suck a dick once, stop denying it already its 2020 we still love you
Baby dont hurt me. Dont hurt me. No more
any reason?
I m already dating Siri, so she is taken losers, no one talk to her anymore
We should take everyone that orders his new network and put them on a barge and push it out to sea. Also give them lots of guns, because they love that sht
Lol imagine saying you should buy Tesla puts 124 days ago when Tesla was soaring.  Great track record ya got there pal.
We go extinct if females go extinct and vise,versa
11 PST
so you're saying not taxes if portfolio gets blown?
I think I’m attracted to muscle not the dongus itself. So yea
It’s over dawg. The red has started. Maybe buy straddles cause the bitch is definitely moving hard down. But if you don’t want to admit to yourself fully that’s true you can still buy the options with the puts. The puts will be up like 500% so it’ll offset the options
Bear god inslee today???
Someone get this man an ice cream stat!
Dont they spy on americans?
Who exactly thinks this stuff except kissless, handhold less virgins?
All in SPY, sell like 2% OTM CCs 3x week although technically that’s above the scope of what he meant
A 12 inch stick enters the chat...
that’s what it feels like tbh
Nkla 11/20 30c Am I fucked?
Don’t worry about it, this is a long term hold... my average entry price is ~14.50 for 3k shares. If you’re worried about entry prices sell some cash secured puts
You’re right, I’m so impressively stupid that I thought each county either went 100% to Sleepy Joe or Mango. Statistics, math, science, or academics in general have no place in Mangos America. I forgot which country I was in for a second. Sorry about that.
People are so blind to capitalism. You would think the ultra rich don't have enough money to fairly pay their hard working employees while the owner never has to lift a finger the rest of his life but can somehow justify making billions a year. Fairness to the side, how about being decent? What happened to someone working in a factory and being able to have a parent stay at home and own a house and have 2 kids. Now 2 people working in a factory can hardly support 1 child and probably no house, maybe apartment. Oh yea we are headed in the right direction for the goodness of all /s
I have a few 15c for January 2022 that I bought when it was $10. I only bought it because of Alex Karp's hair.
What
just make a gut call my man
lol you should have sold at the top, that was your problem
Why are you looking in his window?
Congrats dude zoom also gave my portfolio a 150% boost last week nowhere near as much as you tho 💎 now dont lose it!!
Agreed.. these are pretty much my rules as well..
honestly with 400k, buying stocks would be a much better option than option trading
Narrator:  But none of the ladies wanted him to sex them...
And what was it that yahoo physically built?  What technologies did they possess that put them years ahead of everyone else?  What sectors were they disrupting?

Oh right, a search algorithm.  Totally comparable to an EV, energy and autonomous driving / AI company.
[deleted]
Hey, good luck!  I hope it goes well :). Please report back with how it is.
Fax
[deleted]
Incel detected
ge Gang
Yes, I was asking about equities. Thanks
Because it was a DPO instead of an IPO

https://www.drwealth.com/what-are-the-differences-between-ipo-vs-dpo/#:~:text=For%20this%20to%20work%2C%20DPO%20must%20allow%20the,period%20and%20are%20barred%20to%20sell%20their%20shares.
LOL
I’m on Descovy yeaa
I

Declare

BANKRUPTCY!
Winnie the Pooh is one the greatest rulers too. So this statement is likely true - given the similarities between the two
I don't need love
[deleted]
My company stopped in May. Starting at a new company next week 👌🏻👌🏻
‘what are you doing?’ ‘oh just checking my spy fds’
Why?
[deleted]
Common misconception. IV crush happens whenever you buy an option during high times of volatility and then it trades at a lesser volatility. ER results are notorious for IV crush but IV crush isn’t exclusive to ER results bro.
If you bought yesterday it was around 180-200% IV. If it has a normal day it’ll probably be 130-150% IV. That’ll crush you pretty good
[deleted]
Priced in
Good luck, will play along 💪
Yes
I wasn't investing then, didn't start until July. All I can say is...do it again pls
Check your RH consistently during the IV. Research says it works
FL
[removed]
I bought NIO at $12, took out my profits,  it now I may cash in and wait to rebuy if the drop comes.
So don’t vote for them I don’t give a shit. You are right the other side won’t do shit either. But that still doesn’t mean that you posted anything that means anything. Just a sheep that saw a number and forwarded it along for internet points without thinking about it
\>Be Pop Smoke 

\>rap "I feel invincible" "I got it on me" "You can run up if you want"

\>get shot dead

NOOB
Yup, all of this, 100%.  

“His self interest (Mango) is so transparent, I kind of respect him...  would I buy a car from him?  NO!”
That'll do wonders for my calls. 5/20/21 15C, bought at .99
Xi Jinping is one of the greatest rulers, change my mind.
I’m bored so I made the sub a thing
True Donny fans hate Fox News now tell him he’s a traitor.
thanks! i would do handshakes but its a zoom interview. either way thanks for the advice!
Like half of this sub is about to be on PLTR hahaha, I’m no savant, trust me. Right now I just have 3k shares of PSTH and 3k of PLTR... it’s a funky market rn so I have a third of my account cash for dip buying
I was sold at 'load up'
I skimmed through the article

Some guy in the comments said next $TSLA

Good enough DD for me

I’m in on some leaps on Monday
That’s actually really bad news for chinese stocks lol
Calls on valtrex
or rising after a double bottom?
Calling your wife’s new girlfriend her lesbian girlfriend is redundant.
GE calls all in

1/15/21, 11 strike
That's interesting. Usually there are 2 or 3 ships in a line.

Get those bitches bro!! South Beach?
thanks, its a financial/data analyst position
Have the legislature appointed electors yet then?
We’re they on the day of expiration? Cause robinhood makes it clear they close options the day of expiration
And all it takes is the US to ban chinese investments after 1ore inevitable scandal for you to get screwed from a delisting.
Thus only buy back the calls he sold (unless they are just out of the money and just let them expire worthless) and sell the January call and all positions are closed?
There's immediate evidence suggesting that the long-term effects are no worse than the flu.
Wait, my dads technique: Buy high/Sell low, "You make it up in volume".
Three fiddy
Anything for you bbygirl
I think he lost a chunk of people with the post-election whining.
More of a retarded Mussolini, tbh.
[deleted]
hahah ill kiss through the zoom call
But states and votes do.  The votes are in.
We have one now in china though
LOL. Love your name brother!
!Remindme 6 months
Looks more like a w
Grandmas nudes or ban
That's why it's panic red. You see the stock dropping, you sell. And then you see that exact same stock rise above your sold point 20 minutes later. So you buy again. Rinse and repeat.
Respek..
For both.
What time scheduled?
[removed]
Well we would all be rich if we knew that
Media doesn’t call elections though 🤷‍♂️
Can confirm, been watching NIO factory
Lots since lockdown. Surprised they haven't found a fat melter as they scurry to find a covid vaccine
No smoke screens, be confident, don't act like you know something that you clearly don't know, be yourself.
Its not real money just insert a coin to play again
Deposit another 68k, easy
I'm not trading on Robinhood, mind to explain how you saw that? All I see is the lowest low in that last ~6months period
ONLY if there’s a Trump flag on it.  XD
Astonishing how far the "Big Bad Media" line goes.  My man.  The states have all made public their tallies, Biden is 5,000,000 popular votes ahead.  Put a fork in this one dude.  The media is literally only villainized when anything is negative towards 🥭.  

He lost GEORGIA of all states!  It's over dude.
2 years is too much. Religion is discovered, Jesus didn't plan shit.
BULL GANG GOD BLESS
Sorry :(
I don’t know about  20$ calls but I got 13$ 11/20 expecting a pump and dump tomorrow
OP, can we hear more about you and your situation? You clearly posted this for one of two reason, 1) you k ow our degenerate gambling will lead us all down this path and you want to help us, or 2) you just love loss porn, even if it’s your own. Either way, knowing stuff like age, income level, etc. let’s me better understand how fucked you are - thanks!
Anyone got shares of CBAT? I loaded up last week. Seems like a good long term investment with EVs becoming so relevant, especially in China.
It's a Trump tweet sentiment tracker.
It’s not gonna IV crush before earnings, afterwards probably.
So, where do you start? How do you realize, " ok, NIO is going to fucking rise so I should buy calls on this." How do you know when to stop? You could have stopped when NIO touched $30, but you probably kept going.
Non of these companies are profitable and it will be hard to really utilize their huge user bases to make money
Old news
For him or for u
https://uk.reuters.com/article/us-citgo-cuts-exclusive-idUKKBN27T30S

Citgo Petroleum Corp stopped contributions to employee 401(k) retirement plans on Nov. 1 and plans to reduce salaries on Jan. 1 to cope with the effects of the coronavirus pandemic, sources familiar with the moves said.

ExxonMobil stopped in October.
I know having single digit Iq is difficult, but he’s saying it the same way as “I won’t go back to alcohol”.

You know, everyone knows it’s not the alcohols fault, it’s the addicts fault, but he’s just saying he wants to stay away from it because he realized it’s hurting him.
Yes, Robinhood is definitely the one to blame for you losing $400k in 12 months...
Anyone can use numbers to tell any story they want. That’s the beauty of them. This 70% is going around a lot today is someone trying to frame a narrative that while factually correct is also extremely misleading. Then sheep like OP spread it.

It’s similar to gender wage gap. Sure maybe there are differences but when you compare a lawyer salary and a teacher and then tell us their is a gap, you are telling us nothing and possibly sabotaging your own point.
Baba was telling suppliers they could only list on Baba. If they also listed on JD, etc there accounts would be closed.
Why do you think that will happen
dont
[deleted]
Not a bad idea
Same
Holy shit you're retarded
Donnie is one
That looks like one boat 🤷‍♂️
This is why people need to use a service and put their ego aside. Watch option flow come in and see what the big money is buying, trading by yourself will only make you lose your account
You don’t think this stock has surged on retail buying too? Or are you saying the two are trying to corner the stock? I personally don’t subscribe to the idea that anything $ARK buys is a good investment. A bubble will always produce charlatans who look like geniuses on the way up. In fact the indiscriminate buying by ARK of anything going up seems like a positive feedback loop to those stocks and the people who are already bullish than anything fundamental about the stock itself
Or even better. Don't buy fucking options.
Yeah i was trying to find where this was Robinhood's fault as well
Put a stop loss then phgtt. This exposure is good.
I think I have herpes. Urghh should’ve have used a condom when he anal-ed me last month
Thanks gaysex69harambe69gaysex very cool
320
r u from the future by any chance?
Sbux calls are cheap also
Get the fuck out of here with that holier than thou bullshit. I don’t sit on my ass collecting unemployment or social security. I have broken my back and busted my ass for the last ten years. I have zero sympathy for those who think Mitch fucking McConnell gives a shit about anybody besides himself or his party. Did they legalize pot? No. Reform the prison or justice system? No. Reform tax code? No. Reform election security and beef it up? No. Make strong trade agreements with other nations to secure a future where we are still a counterbalance to China? No. Im not saying the Dems will fix this bullshit either, but Trump and the GOP had a chance to do any of those things during 2016-2018, but instead they jerked each other off over tax breaks and called it a day lol. I’m not the one drinking the cool aid bruh
LOL, here in TX there are flaggits who have painted / strung up Mango banners on their rooftops of their houses.  I laugh my ass off every time I drive by their shitty houses.
Robinhood takes from the rich and gives to the poor.  In this case Robinhood made you poor - but only because you are retarded.
Correct
Nope
Gs is a boomer palace
Unloaded into shares back in March. So still holding those. Want to be aggressive with the rest of my capital
Man, that’s a true sign of a broken will

Send him over a plate of homemade cookies
I am playing wynn and sbux. Both looking good on the hourly charts, but lockdowns could fuck it up, possibly. But vaccine could also nake it gap up. Sbux near ath, i like sbux to 100 eow. Wynn is still way down from pre covid, looks like it has reversed when you zoom out on the chart. Take my advice at your own peril
What price will BABA trade at in late feb/early april?
So what stocks are you recommending to your mom right now??
Sell weekly premium on a $10 stock. There is no such thing as buying safe calls
Serious question: How do you guys evaluate the risk that not only China may not be an addressable market, but also Europe may be less addressable than people may think? Reason being the growing scepticism towards data going to US firms.
You missed cvs. TGT, WMT both have er this week that should be big
When they ask for your biggest weakness, tell them that you don’t suffer fools easily
Be yourself, be personable, and be confident. Make eye contact and show a smile if the opportunity presents itself. Firm handshakes go a long way as well but with the current pandemic, read the room. Good luck!
Yes, Twitter is evolving and has many more angles to monetize now and more to come.
FB
Do you have a recommendation of something that was published more recently?
"Option traders should bet on these holiday shopping plays, says Goldman"- nice try GS, not falling for that shit again...
Mby then will one of them sleep with me, big mby! Puts on my life!
My straddle on spy and robinhoods frozen! And they sell my options that made money at 9:30 strike price and kept my option that lost money!!  They have no phone number! They arnt sorry! Abhhhhhhhb
Atleast you can claim losses for 137 years.
I think you’re supposed to push in on the taint.
L
[deleted]
You didn’t believe in genetics?
Currently loading up on OTM feb calls. Thinking about moving out to November.
Inslee is a bitch
Move the location at the last second.
Im not sure if Robinhood is the problem
Overrated use the patent method for decarb and just eat it raw
Stress eating?
No one. Enjoy sitting on the sidelines for 90 days while the rest of us make bank!
Damn bud crazy reply. Jerk one out bud
If it was this good then why did the insider sell their shares at 10? Do really think wsb knows more than their cio or their cfo?

Speculative instrument, yes. But to make all these claims is just pumping
Exhibit A in what is common knowledge these days, Google has stopped hiring smart ppl.

Edit: Taking the 1% chance this rando isn't bullshitting
Herding Autists is about to become a thing I think...
Did you eat too many chicken tendies?
Our intel bois used Palantir on deployment to let me know there was a possible threat of taking indirect fire and VBIEDs, while I was taking indirect fire and VBIEDs

PLTR to 500
should be fine, even if it bounces monday
Rumour has it that he’s just doing that to make his hardcore base happy.  Trump isn’t stupid he knows the writing is on the wall.
What other stocks do your recommend? You seem quite a sensible yet opportunistic  investor is you're in pltr. I'm in nio & xpev but 'only' 40% up with them
Apparently people also use satellite images of factories to judge, how a company is doing financially, look at the [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/WhitePeopleTwitter/comments/jukuko/and_great_retirement_pensions/gce567o/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3) by this fucker
And sometimes double that*!! also the idea of herding autists...sounds like this is going to become a thing
Suits are getting tossed left and right while counsel keeps withdrawing. It’s over.
Spiders are icky
I went to take a look at it and realized I was already in
[deleted]
My stupid fat neighbor isnt flying his trump flag anymore. Just an empty flagpole. I can see foxnews playing on his bedroom tv rn
NASA cop overnight shift
1. Start with a passionate French kiss to show the employer that you have that interpersonal skillset
You see a triple top, I see a bull flag. More importantly, Goldman Sachs sees a bull flag
Frequent Flyer points for fucks sake
Plan for the obvious questions, dress well and try not to be crazy socially awkward.  
What's the industry?
That’s what happens when you acquire a lot of tendies
Fucking POKIMANE
I am if I got it at 34.00 lol
Financial regulation
🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻
Yeah, the coupon income from muni bonds is tax exempt and you can make a ton of money on bonds when you know how to evaluate risk and interest rate movements
Mine eyes are fuking bleeding...
Stop pretending to be a guy on wsb we accept women as well, also my name is James we should grab a drink sometime and i can show you my sick truck
Puts on whole country. Spy 365 next week!
Once Trump is irrelevant/banned they’re going to lose a lot of users and traffic.
I didn't even know the 100% was possible
Mass deployment is much farther away though.
200 shares @ 9.27 let's go baby
Why is a boat in the bike lane, call the police
So ToS next?
[removed]
I’ll post a screenshot of my profit if I confirm the trade is there. Unlike you, a literal retard, I know how to trade both ways. No problem going long on it either if I see the play setting up.
Netflix is what would make them start going crazy.
All the dirty laundry has been exposed. It's basically a billion cash pile and an idea. The long thesis is the management team will execute before burning thru the cash
Idk how the fuck you’re smoking weed but I don’t think you’re doing it right
I’ve gained a lot of weight ever since I started trading options
Buy back the calls he sold, then sell new ones for the following week.  In theory, he would lose the upside from the stocks move from $280 up to where the price is on Friday.  However, if he is fortunate for the stock to be at $280+, it would probably make sense to cash a ~one week gain of $40K.
Yes. Until it hits $420.69.
Likely selling to get into different positions in companies that don't rely on a stock buyback for a rally.
Might sound like a broken record here but NIO calls are still the way.
What do you do
But, nobody has a single electoral college vote yet, do they??

So technically, joe has only won in the eyes of the media! 

I don’t take that as trump admitting that Joe will be 46 in January - simply him saying that he’s only the projected winner because of XYZ. 

And he is only projected winner, do remember that!
You can’t argue with stupid. Idk why you’re being downvoted for being factual.
I used to be a bartender, now I own a boat
Why is it shit?
SRAC can not go tits up. Near NAV, working with SpaceX and NASA. Just added options chain.
My next move after exiting my NIO positions is essentially this exact play with a smaller amount, as well as LEAPS (and 1500 shares) of PLTR

Good shit OP
I was cleaning my room and picked up what I thought was a little piece of string or something from my clothes, it was a dead spider. I threw it on the ground because I got scared. Puts on my manliness
He is building tension for transition to his new News Network. That’s why Fox is hating on him, they know they finna lose 50% viewers to this new shitty network
Imagine Indian dudes if YouTube got shut down.  Our education system would be fucked.
He’s probably be dead the next week so yeaa..
Having conversations with my alt account, got to do something with two monitors over the weekend.
Cool. Well yes the argument that OP wasn’t made very well, doesn’t mean the overall claim they’re trying to make isn’t correct.  I was just adding to the conversation that we do see some evidence for his claim, when we look at other figures as well.
google it first before replying. thanks. we may all be audits, but lets at least be adults here and be a little self sufficient.
Wish I bought the dip. Was too busy with other stocks and very limited capital however :(
Theta slows down a ton when your call goes ITM, more so the deeper ITM you are.

If you allow your option to exercise then yeah, you get to buy 100 shares at the strike and will pocket the difference between that and the mark.

You can still lose money on that because you paid a premium to buy the option in the first place. The break even price on RH is actually a useful tool to see that number, and letting you see how silly IV can be with some of those break evens.
Straight up only have less than $1k to play with this week and hope I can get some kind of return out of it for some lunch money. Any "safer" short term calls I can play this week? I was thinking about Walmart, CVS, or PLTR but not really sure!
No there is not other than not holding over night or weekends. Its part of the reason I think trading is so hard, you can always go futures then you have a lot less gaps but make sure you understand it first and start out only trading micros like mini spy or mini russel.
Need some advice on my interviews tmo. Hopefully it goes well
Ghidra is pretty good.
Thats fine, I have a small hedge with 355p but will probably get out early Monday.
Wonder how many subs I know in real life
Just ask yourself on question; what company do you see being successful going forward without subscribing to or buying from a company in the NASDAQ?
Bankers do better work when they work from home
Username checks out
Take a breath dude. As you grow older you’ll realize most people are good and just trying to live there life. The hate is strong with you. Maybe those areas are rural, have low cost of living, big companies don’t concentrate their businesses there, and the people are happy with a simple life.

Still doesn’t tell you anything. Geography doesn’t mean shit cause there is still tons of red and blue people in those places that do contribute to gdp. Why don’t you look at how workers voted? 

By the way good luck eating without those people you hate so much
“She goes to a different school”
Tsla calls is better dude..
Can't they keep her on?
dude imagine if youtube went down for a good amount of time. so many people sit in their houses all day long and just watch youtube videos for mindless hours of entertainment. i honestly think the world would have a massive change and shift if youtube went away overnight and people didnt have it to kill time.
Big surprise
See you Monday
For sure will run
How bullish it is that NY banned vaccines? 😎😎😎
https://i.redd.it/0i556wgedfz51.png
"He won because the Election was Rigged. NO VOTE WATCHERS OR OBSERVERS allowed, vote tabulated by a Radical Left privately owned company, Dominion, with a bad reputation & bum equipment that couldn’t even qualify for Texas (which I won by a lot!), the Fake & Silent Media, & more!"

What he wrote before that
Going to sell the Dec 18 480 Puts in NVDA tomorrow to collect $1,300.
Do it and I will tell them 👆
Now post the whole week haha.
[deleted]
[deleted]
How come they can’t buy Ipob though
Not sure if tomorrow but they are locked and loaded to keep it around 3550
So Donnie is Diamond handing this election results.. sounds like NIO
its priced in
Women are the jabroni class
Just uhhh google it
Sell calls instead. Wait for a rip. Sell spreads instead of naked calls. Just sell a boat load more.
Lol how can you consistently be so wrong. Just think, if you just had flipped your trade to the other side, you would be up 400k. Please tell us your positions so we can inverse your dumb ass
*penis begins raising*
See you tomorrow.
Buy NIO. Got it.
I’m gonna assume you bought during high IV. It will not be that high Monday so you’re about to get IV crushed. On top of that, NIO mostly likely opens green. You are fukt
Damn. ARK puts maybe. Resolute seems good, but not top 1% good and if Cathy isn’t happy idk how much of her strategy and return they can carry on
So you think they’re gonna solve a 10+ year old problem and double the stock price in 14 months?

Good luck.
So did you just withdraw the money?
Dude.
Yeh but if WSB and the past four years have taught me anything then it’s that America has a lot of retards and a lot of degenerates, far more than Japan
Low? By what measure, Magic 8 ball?
BeCaUsE hE uSeD RoBiNhOoD
No he wouldn’t pay the tax. The loss would carryover to the next tax year. So if in year 1 he lost $400k, and in each of years 2-5 he had $100k capital gains (or qualified dividends), he would not pay cap gains tax. After he’s exhausted the $400k carryover amount he would owe capital gains tax again.
I don’t have a position in NIO, just answering your question. 😂
And all the bears jizzed in unison
So I tried to play the last of us 2 on grounded with permadeath. Took 20 minutes to get to the first fight. I died at the first zombie ☹️
If I have kids I will indoctrinate them to bear gang
Yo wtf.  Stop trigging bulls PTSD.
Flew to Miami to do my own due diligence on cruise stocks first hand (cocaine and hookers) here is a picture of the boats sitting there 

https://imgur.com/gallery/W07V1ah
My contracts are for may 2021 I’m be good idk about y’all weeklies
The comment hurt my head to read, it seemed convoluted. So you’re saying live your life, which sounds like anti masker nonsense, and herd immunity. But now re reading it I see I believe you’re advocating to alter your life so virus goes away and we don’t need herd immunity, instead we can rely on each other to do the right thing
I mean it's not alcohol that is the problem for alcoholics (is depression or other mental health issue), but they don't go back to alcohol when they get sober....
I don’t think so but the company is cool as fuck and I’m receptive to the LOTR reference so here we are. I don’t claim to be anything other than an eternally broke brainlet do follow me at your peril lol
The economy has been completely and utterly financialized now. Stonks + bonds outstanding is 6 times annual GDP.

The market literally is the economy at this point and Fed + Treasury will go Wiemer Germany before letting either crash. 

Solution: long gold + short spy
ohhh so this is the guy people are making money off of
They about to lose their greatest asset.
It's a small echo chamber for the mentally ill.
You’ll still hold?
Yeah, I held through that, check my loss porn, but I would say buy the dip, Twitter is not going anywhere any time soon, this is the bottom, and it's undervalued by any outlook when compared to any other social media because of the upside potential here.
I think most women will be fine if tinder shut down
Username checks out
ebay has a new system for selling sneakers that verifies the authenticity of em somehow. calls?
I kind of think NIO will crash with all this heightened bullish perspective all over, but the WSB retard behavior in me wants to say just buy a call at opening and sell before earnings.
Key differences...

We know what to expect now...

Vaccine and cure literally only weeks away...

Market is forward looking...
You’ll still hold?
Did that governor of Washington have his presser yet
I actually like this play, a proper small stake high reward play on a Biden-fueled market run.

Now do it again.
Most likely loss like 30k then chased it, lost another 20k, then chased it and before you know it your down 400k. Ive done similar but with 100k.
Thats BS. I was so impressed after visiting CHK headquarters, that’s how I lost 15k on it.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Trying to become autistic

**URL:** https://redd.it/junizf
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=junizf) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ConfidentCookie, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ayjaylar
BogantheBogan
Jack-Skinne
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
If you mean fucks himself from Monday to Friday, you are correct!
In retard land, 15$. Regularville, 10$
guys on this sub being bearish on it because mEmE sToNk makes me think its gonna moon tf out of this week. Idk though, could go up, could go down maybe sideways, we'll see. I'm just here for the show. 
pltr squad out!!
Well done and fuck you
Of course not 😃
UK might stop sales of gas vehicles by 2030.
[deleted]
50*
*Rent*
Been a beautiful weekend to not think about losing money come Monday!
Just look at the 180 day chart  1 year chart
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhaha
Hi Dad, it's me, your long lost son Autismo Jr. 

Pls venmo me $3 for a happy meal.
PLTR found Bin Laden

PLTR will help with "operation warpspeed" 

PLTR is helping UK & JP with Corona Tracing

PLTR makes companies save money

This is a 10-bagger
Yes heavy
They make lots of data go fast, so brrrrrrr goes the PLTR printer
It was up about 60%, out of day trades. Still up like 15% at close. As long as I can close it out green tomorrow, I don’t give a shit.
Going to run
SOUNDS GOOD. DO IT AND SHORT $BECKY
[deleted]
Turns out you just need to suck the right dick
You forgot one thing - it’s not a politically correct company in the current political environment. Just look at how many people protesting and label it evil. Funny to see some 30yo adults still sticking to good and evil like 3yo kids. But who am I to say. 

This means institutions would be hesitant with all the PR crap they potentially have to deal with.
I too hate money
i  
  
concede  
  
NOTHING!
Obviously there will be IV crush
he ded
Robinhood isn’t a platform it’s a lifestyle.
I am resigning from wallstreetbets today. It was fun but I must go work out and get ripped and sex the ladies who want me to sex them. Goodbye 👋
What bud
Boomers
I’m not making any point other than what he posted is a meaningless stat that tells you nothing. Given that this country is pretty 50/50 blue red I’d imagine it’s pretty even for who is responsible for gdp and gdp growth. Using geography doesn’t tell you much.
What do you think SOLO will be at by the end of the week?
They've been losing money every Q/year for their 17-year history as a company, and yet they continue to exist and expand and win more contracts in more diverse fields. 

Companies like that don't just "exist" for so long without having a good fucking reason they do so. 'Existing' is winning in evolution, surviving is thriving.
You can sell calls against your long call at any point. Ideally, you sell covered calls on up days, but often the market won't cooperate with weekly timing.  For example, the BABA calls I sold for 76 cents last week, expired worthless.  I aim to sell 280s Monday AM and the pricing would obviously be much better if the stock is big ups at open.
You think this guy knows what a market cap is?
That's gay
How is the RCEP going to affect our stock market come Monday? Already riced in?


https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.com/news/amp/world-asia-54949260
🧨 firecrackers
Haha. Keep voting Democrat. Enjoy the poverty.
This shit stock was trading around 5$ during the beginning of the pandemic and then while the world is on lock down china miraculously goes up a 1000% ight that's a nice dress but I'm not buying it everyone is down voting like mad cause they putting their entire portfolio on this company I can safely say I've never traded in nio and probably never will so yeah just and outsiders perspective
Stop making bad investments. Go long on $UBER.
Probably would save me more trouble in the end bit i have learned a bit on this sub
It has collapsed when it reported ER not too long ago.
Uncle Sam probably hoping you don’t blow it all
And its going back for more
Jack Dorsey is literally Hitler. Puts on Twitter all the way
Throat was gonna hurt either way playboy
Classic WSB, probably up big Friday and now it will bleed and you’ll hold because you believe Shitron.

LOL
I downloaded a list of tickers from various exchanges then compiled that and sorted it by unique. I used regex to find exact matches of the stock, or an exact match of $ + stock ticker
ikr she used to be so hot too.
[deleted]
First thing I do every time I see a wall of text post is to look for a comment like this and upvote it.
Which is exactly why you should get in before they do.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes 🙌
Giggity
For an earnings play?
Selling all my shares as soon as Cathy Ark leaves.
Next time create a numbered list of items... how are people supposed to easily refer to a specific point? Cool list tho
So many hotties in there lol
Muni bonds r actually legit.. that’s why he has $3M
[deleted]
Think it drops ???
[deleted]
Jump on Niu instead of Nio, rocket is about to leave
yo did spy just hit a triple top?
[deleted]
Now that Trevor is gone and GM is taking more control, they might expect a bump in the near future.
[removed]
The same someone as retarded as you can call someone retarded without knowing how to spell it.
Selling red doesn’t wipe your assets, that my good friend is stupid gearing
Look at this dumbass using PE to evaluate a company like TSLA
I’m ready.. LONGGG trash can’t wait to dump at OPEN!
Oh yeah that was some bigly news.
@deltaone
[deleted]
Calls on everything honestly
2022
BAN
Ur weekend must've been very interesting.
Not gonna smoke weed. Like my throat hurts holy shit bud
[deleted]
They all live in Alaska..which isn’t a real country
[deleted]
We all can eat. Let’s see 13.50 then 11
👇
Calls on KODK
Benefit in what ?
NVDA has earnings report on Wednesday, might wanna hop in and hop out real quick.
Banned sale of new gas powered cars by 2030
Speaking more to the culture warriors/ anti-vaxers on both sides.  XD
I want to believe but I think they’ve gone totally the wrong direction with them. If I were sick, I would trust literally any urgent care place over something called a “health hub” that looks like a cell phone store staffed by a single nurse practicioner next to the chips section in a CVS. Even the name sounds like a place where they recommend vitamins to you, not where you go when you’re sick. 

If they had gone all in and called it “cvs urgent care” or something and broke it off from the retail part of the store with separate door even, I would have hopes for it.
👆
See you tomorrow
Thank you OP

With Love,

Option Sellers❤️
Less restrictions next year? Biden is going to shut down all the fracking in the US that trump started
[deleted]
BEAR MARKET COMING
Lol, oh I will. As soon as these things are allowed again.
This is the play. That will make it up 19% for the year and a reasonable starting point
LOL
Some of the best times of my life were at a festival called schwagstock in the middle of bum fuck egypt. Literally people walking down the paths yelling “doses, molly, white girl” the good ol times
Big, smooth brain.
What are you guy's thoughts on Resolute Investment Managers decision to exercise their option to take majority ownership of ARK? I can't see any reason for shareholders to stay if Cathie and her team are no longer in charge. Cathie has already expressed disappointment with the deal.

[https://www.pionline.com/money-management/resolute-take-majority-ownership-ark-investment-management](https://www.pionline.com/money-management/resolute-take-majority-ownership-ark-investment-management)
Where are the clients yachts?
This isn’t 2001 bro
Are they even set to announce tomorrow?
I'm with you salad guy, unironically. also I just had a large salad to try to get close to my 5+ servings of veggies per day, something the smooth brains hate because they think it turns you gay
You already missed the run up why we're you on the sidelines
Analysts raised GRWG price targets again and the tendies will flow like fine wine
[deleted]
Wow. You’re really crack no eggs of knowledge today. Thank you for your valuable contribution to society retard.
You’re slowly catching on. WSB is for BETS, Theta Gang is for slow steady income. On a long term scale, Theta Gang will always win. MMs are literally on our side. 

Everything that sucks for you is good for us. Insanely high IV that will crush your profits? Lol, theta gang just made a shit load selling that. Theta ruining the price of your option? Hey, the option is getting cheaper so I can buy it back if I want and still profit bigly. Delta is 20 on your FD? That’s an 80% chance it’ll be worthless.

Theta Gang and MMs are bros
So you mean they still have money
you get in a bath and let your cat get curious then get cat in the bath
Oh yeah. I love that interview. Totally opened my eyes and changed the way I trade.
If you’re talking about Covid.. that’s ancient news
https://rstudio-pubs-static.s3.amazonaws.com/123239_d0c42d112e934abea0c1c250960a5cf5.html

If you’re looking at median salaries, considering we are talking pluralities here, you are incorrect.
I would give everything to get back those good ol days.
GM EV BATTERY FIRES?  PUTS
This week will be BABA’s week and APHA, CGC and CRON will break the resistance and head to new 52 week highs
don't see the issue. do it
Spy leaps
They haven’t figured out how to monetize Twitter.
BEARISH
I have a brand new Toyota Corolla worth of calls on AMD. PS5/xBox/GPU/Su are taking this to $100
I reccomend  a ban for not knowing how to flair your post. And this is not a learners sub.
Do you place market or limit orders?
Pump then dump. Don't stay too long in or you'll miss the deadline for the dump.
When you idiots realize you're pumping the dollar store version of skynet.
Dance with the gods or dine in hell
Lmao that Monday sell off was obviously in response to Pfizer news and nothing more
CCL? Leaps? Like 2023?
Nah, there are plenty of people who care about the music and love it. Obviously I'd feel different if I were some gray haired balding dude, but I can still reasonably fit in with younger people.
So why did mango supporting areas have such shit GDP production? I wonder if it has something to do with all those areas being rampant with inner family marriage and social security check cashing retards.
He died or dead?
Buddy maple syrup come on man thats number wan
this
69% of clients are long? 

Long on this dick
I've played both JD and BABA since last Summer.  For instance, JD Jan 2022 $110 LEAPS are currently $13ish.  You CAN sell a Nov 20th $100 call for $2.30ish right now.  If the stock goes above $100, you can buy back the weekly call, then sell another call for the following week.  The same premise would apply to purchasing BABA $300+ LEAPS and selling weekly 280s, 285s, 290s.
What news
Really depends on the doctrine and the kind of followers you got. It you’re planting apple trees and singing songs to homeless people you prolly be aight, if you blowing yourself up at crowded marathons you gonna have a bad time
This is the way
Ah yes the classic boring ETF everyone knows about that consistently makes 10%/yr. I love that one
Someone needed to swap your buy and sell buttons without you knowing
Why noone talking about Twitter? This is the most undervalued tech company of our time. Great user growth recently and bigger upside potential than any other social media today, by far. Twitter is used by professionals and the primary social media source of many celebrities and highly respected people (it's not just Trump, but yes, our president) and becoming more and more relevant by the day. Twitter is a totally unique social media and people use Twitter for more than just interacting with their friends, it's a source for news, politics, sports, interests and even community. As everything moves more and more online, Twitter has the business model of the future, it is a source for pretty much everything, like Facebook, only 23x less the valuation (as of now).

SNAP and PINS which have a similar mkt cap are up over 200% the past 12 months off relatively minor increased guidance. Meanwhile, Twitter has barely moved outside of its typical range of volatility, though it is on the verge of a breakout which I think will be similar to what we saw with Snap and Pinterest. Aside from user growth, which is bound to explode any time, once they figure out how to optimize their advertising (which is just a mess right now), their revenue will increase exponentially and so will the stock price.

TLDR: YOLOing $500k into TWTR $90-100c 1/2022 leaps because there is very little downside and ridiculous upside in plain sight
Yes
Man..I think you’re one of the kind that never conceded if you lost.
OP you are the Sacrificial Lamb

Thank you
I’ll let Brady put his foot up my ass for sub 350
But did you see the Russia news that happened this morning? Not good
Covered calls with 90%, 10% for weeklies.
[deleted]
[removed]
No joke I hoped back on RuneScape lately to check it out. Nostalgia
$3k/yr is for deduction against ordinary income
No
Why would any legitimate fund manager want anything to do with a scam company like NKLA?
Sorry about your citron loss..it happens
Options? No idea
What price did you buy your first lot of shares? I'm a bit gutted i bought so high
Federal Way brah
Dude... You're a fucking idiot lol
24.95
Bear market confirmed.
how does one get this much money if theyre so fucking stupid
are they like the amazon or the square cash of south east asia?

im so confused what they do. They seem like a mishmash of 3 things like tencent or google or something
[removed]
Ive heard mention of pump 60 keep 40 (percentages)
all of the above

> be careful who you judge man that could be you in a couple years  

and that is exactly why this post scares me and I want to leave

but who am I kidding
Either woosh or trying too hard. Either way 👎
[removed]
You’re too stupid to lose 400K. 1. Not Robinhood’s fault. 2. At what point did you realize your bad decisions? 100K? 200K? Not until all 400k is gone? Nope. Don’t believe it...
Of course you did otherwise why post it?
municipal bonds? what is he 95 years old tell him to dump his entire account in NIO and check back in a year
That guy still has 3 million and you have -$300
Wait
Interested, investing seems like a bunch of naysaying stooges but here seems a little too risque. Just want a bit of DD and analysis for stocks that are undervalued or something, maybe with a big play here and there
I'm only 105 shares in
Buy niu
Dude, when I saw the 300p I wasn’t surprised you lost it, that 100 bucks out of the money. What’d you expect
lol
True, honestly, so many people are expecting a big drop that we could end up seeing another upside and then a drop 😂
I didn’t even hypothesize why or what it meant lol. Didn’t even leave a clue as to which one I preferred. Fucking retards outnumber the normal folk in this country.
We were still in the middle of it in March, was it disingenuous to say that the virus wasn't worse than the flu then? Just because it doesn't rationalise your fear doesn't make it dishonest.
Don’t be a Debby downer
What did they say?
Someone continued buying puts after JPOW told you not to?
Trade deals involving China and 15 other countries was just signed. Bullish.
Hype.
Dropped 70k into PLTR this past week, as well as 20 LEAPS. I basically pick stocks that are mentioned on WSB.
Yes this means Nio will hit 100 EOW
Doesn't matter
No I don’t
Well you saw what Citroen’s report did to NIO.  Check out the one they also wrote for Inovio.
Its just music and drugs we all do them no matter what genre it is. You just like edm nothing wrong with that.
Well AAPL is done for.. might have a chance with RCL and TSLA and TQQQ
Make this guy mod
I'll do it
Even a chump larping as your wife's bf would pick voog over voo anyday
I think you mean NIO 11/20 45c, right?
Small loan of a million dollars lmao
Man, idiocracy is a real thing huh? I wonder if the average American is as smooth brained as you?
Spy is opening 369 tomorrow. Big moderna vaccine news showing 96% efficacy (not real). They are going to say “millions of doses are going out in weeks.” What they will fail to mention is that they meant 52 weeks.
Moron
Was able to read it off apple news
Insert coin to continue
Palantir is a consulting company. Their off-the-shelf software is shit. They’re basically just doing number crunching as a service. I’m seriously bearish over a 5-10 year period.
Pretty misleading. You know Republicans live in blue areas too right? If one rich Republican guy has a company of 5 well off workers in a blue area and then there are 100 Dems on welfare living a few blocks away, blue will win the area. Doesn’t tell you who was being productive.

But try again
Are you retarded? Do you want to tell me that Amazon is not making money? Lmao.
Tesla is overvalued anyway but they are turning green slowly or already making profis. Idk about uber.
The breaking news style tab got me bad 🙅🏻‍♂️
God damn it
He wins
[deleted]
Fairly new stock. Has been working on building shareholder value and is finally at the best spot speculation/value wise to 🚀
What are ffs
Also. How is this 🌈🌈🌈🌈 DD comment pinned? The only thing that should be pinned is ‘TICKER + STRIKE + EXPIRY’
I'm more concerned with those still going to those in their 30's.

Ultimately all they're going for is to get in those Instagram photos, doubt they even give a shit about music
Go leave a 1 star app review, saying UX too easy to lose money. 😂
Remember to call him Hitler.
So is this just a vision by BJ? I mean, it just sounds like he wants to implement this.

I have a lot of NIO shares so I hope this is true. But if British politics are anything like American, shit changes in a day amd there are 0 promises
Is yolo a strategy?
Buy a Harley like all the other dentists.
FALSE! 

&#x200B;

I am old and dumb.
Stepdad has $3M in his Fidelity. I ask this fool what his investment strategy is back in June and he tells me municipal bonds. Municipal bonds. Finally convinced him to get Boeing shares at $180. How much does he buy? $20K. I’m done
mango bad and mean, joe good and nice
90% cash? What are you 70 years old? Invest that shit. 80 stocks 20 options.
Faithless electors, while possible, have never yet changed the course of an election. 

People would lose their absolute shit if that were to happen this year.
Hey you guys, I just discovered a risk free allocation and perfect hedge against downside that market makers don't want you to know.  People have told me they want my help and I just want to help people so I'm going to share this secret with you.  The secret that market makers don't want you to know for the perfect hedge is 100% cash!  Shhhh don't tell anyone, okay?
Worked out for Friday 🐻
Life robbed me of my dreams and my mobility, my friend, so many money I make lets me feel like I can still do something useful and maybe one day pay my family back for being there for me. 

Your success is a testament to your abilities and you should give yourself a FeelsGoodMan every now and then - I hope you can be happy more often fren! <3
TSLA, RCL, CCL, DIS, TQQQ, AAPL calls baby.
Hold till 10+ before you even think of cashing out your cost. When they produce the heck out of early 2021 SOLO will be 30+
[deleted]
[deleted]
this is america
Here for my hourly confirmation bias on these NIO 11/20 45p
To crash where? two weeks ago every downturn to 9 was bought (by ARK) and last week every downturn to 13 was bought (by Soros). Who can sell? only retail investors (employees can do so only at the end of the year).
Donnie didn't concede shit retard https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1327979630477922304?s=19
So let's day if OP somehow makes back $400k or even $100k the following year, would he have to pay any %tax on those capital gains (assuming he started with -$400k losses)?
Not that I take any stock in it, but it was at 0.22% red yesterday.  Now 0.05%.
[removed]
[removed]
I’m in the same position and have fantasies of living in a camper in the woods.  Unfortunately the wife is like, nah.
You are drinking your first beer while walking into the crack house.
If you have to ask. You probably can't afford it.
I'm talking more EDM. Hard bass, dancing. More uppers than downers.
Inverse pump and dumps! Puts it is
Damn man that’s a house
Your buying at the top on Green Day’s
Depends on what you pay
Every time you fucks boast about a stock on this subreddit it ends up getting shorted. 

STOP MENTIONING IT
My long lost father with 500m in tsla shares
What is an FD
Well, it’s better to take your risks at 20 than when your life is already established. Good luck on the next deposit.
Now imagine the guy who you buy those shit options from...
Man law:

Always assume you are the most retardant person in the room.
How is that any different from going to a reggae festival?
Ive played this scenario in my head a million times where I ask Jerry Seinfeld to take a picture with me and he says “no get lost”. Then I fucking snooze this dude with an uppercut. Idk what I’m talking about
Wym
If I have to 🙄
[removed]
Maybe she is showing everyone how incompetent you are. Paper trail bro, so when they can you they can say “oh yeah, did you see those emails, can’t believe richtofin lasted that long”
That looks like a fun hill to sled down
72 million people are lacking in the brain cell department.

“Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.”  - George Carlin
Also hello fellow ATX'n.
Why did sleepy Joe win counties representing 70% of US GDP? I thought mango was the king of business or something
[deleted]
Me too. Got back in at 15. I'd be rich if I was paying attention instead of selling covered calls on it for beer money.
You're living proof that rich people are just as dumb as anyone else.
Weekend dow has been down all weekend, and it's still down.
50/50...worked for Hubbard, not so much for Jesus..
Unfortunately, it turns out you are both 🌈 and retarded.
Not if ol Donny goes hard on election fraud. If they're isn't any major news by Dec 14th I'm guessing we're out of the woods until 2024.

This could all be the repubs using the same playbook the Dems did in 2016. Staying relevant, undermining the administration blah blah. If it is and the 14th passes without a hitch it's definitely priced in and stonks go up.
[deleted]
Only 4 good things ever came from  Canadia (sic)

1) Hockey

2) Crown Royal

3) RUSH!

4).....no wait there are only three sorry.
100k in runescape gold? stake it in in the sand casino
Laws have to be changed to do full mmt.
I have a plan with my holy shit stuff but these bears in here want me to panic sell every winning position I have. Truth is every single conservative play or panic play I have made would have been a winner. I don’t have a single early sell yet that I thought to myself “damn good thing I did that.” I do however have some things that I held that I shouldn’t have, so it’s made me sell other winners earlier to take profit. 

I got diamond hands on my biggest winners though
How many of you would let Brady kiss you like one of his kids for SPY to open sub 350?
Link
$NKLA $TSLA

3 6 9
[removed]
BAC 27c 11/27 jacked to the nines...50 contracts
Type hesoyam, its' GTA cheat code. It might work here too.
Now you’re just some money that I used to know
NFL, Masters, and Futures. LFG.
3 6 9
Dont be stupid, I only absorb knowledge from WSB, otherwise I would be -50% by now.
Bad...because you wasted their time.
institutions have also bought into NKLA: https://whalewisdom.com/stock/vtiq

they can also dump before retailers would know, leaving them holding bags

in and of itself, it's not necessarily a buy signal
Bullish
is it too late to vote?
Why are you bullish on HSBC? Is it just because they were oversold due to their rep?
Please sell me covered calls
So let's day if he somehow makes back $400k or even $100k the following year, would he have to pay any %tax on those capital gains (assuming he started with -$400k losses)?
yea let's trust WSB with 100k, that's a wise idea
Ye ye! 🎖
Yes.
Yeah seriously. I get enough emails without all the other pointless emails like that too
[deleted]
Is it weird that as a successful professional man in his mid 30s, the thing I want to do most that currently doesn't happen is going to a music festival and doing drugs for 4 days straight?
Not with the UK news that broke last night
This is the way
That's extra.
Could have been single those 10 years eating ramen but now has kids or is paying child support and has to finance their mc mansion.  Would take a lot longer
LOL, Mango cultists downvoting you...  SHOW YOURSELVES COWARDS!!!
Lmao the conviction in these responses. I might need some puts too
Shoulda, coulda, woulda
RIP Elon Musk
But no curry?
This guy fucks
Also Tesla and Uber. Amazon makes 0 profit too. And?
How do you not become depressed after losing so much ??
me and you both, good luck fellow bear retard
[deleted]
69% are long on this market 🤡
Hedged just enough to give me enough money to go again if it goes tits up lol
Cross posting to the personal finance subreddits
Comment of the year
That’s about it 🤞🏻
That's not how this works. It's not disingenuous, it's the science.
Got 100k on the sidelines rn. What’s the play
I'm buying calls
I will be furious if BABA doesn't open up at least +5% tomorrow
"And I sold at 1.45"
Even the options are like the free money too as long as they aren't weeklies
There are entire books written about it. As if we can read.
https://www.ft.com/content/5e9af60b-774b-4a72-8d06-d34b5192ffb4
[deleted]
Yea but NIO
Lmao all that DD and it closes by saying all the things everyone thinks it is but doesn’t actually say what it is other than comparing it to people’s misunderstanding of Tesla which in no way bears resemblance to a bubble stock. I don’t actually think anyone knows wtf they do they’re just buying because it’s a new IPO founded by Peter Thiel so it must go up because so many other stocks have 5x’d in the past year. That’s the definition of a bubble and why I’m so convinced this entire growth trade is about to crash and burn
Whether it’s Tesla, Nio, Xpeng or any other EV manufacturer, they all announce deliveries the first few days after the quarter ends. What’s important about ERs is they show profitability, and reflect operational efficiency through cost reductions. Additionally these companies tend to give forward looking guidance towards next year and set new goals.
nio put ?
No one is fearful. You got a bunch of cucks who still think it’s gonna moon
Who fucking cares
Sure. 

Was a reply about “buy equities not fucking options”, so I’m not sure, but I think the question was about buying equities and not fucking options.

But idk. Reading is hard.
Buying stocks right now seems crazy to me.  FED bubble so big right now, just too uncertain for me to trade on anything but derivatives for now...
[deleted]
Yaa it's totally the platforms fault.
I’m sorry 😞
[deleted]
This
Fucking yeet it into pltr, delete app, get a day job, act poor for 3 years. Download app again. Realize millions worth of gains. Yolo that into Tesla puts and lose it all for a nice -100% :)
Boomers dude
Anyone know what exactly was the reason for a flash crash in May 6, 2010?
GREEN

RED

GREEN

RED

AMZN last 4 weeks opening status
Embrace it.  Why would you want treatment?  You already have the cure - everyone is awful
Professional email etiquette should be taught in grade school at this point.  Too many fuckwits in the workforce.
He pretty much did the opposite, don't know what you are seeing.
It’s not that hard: sell 10 naked calls on shop or amzn. Negative tendies intraday.
They just yahoo! Finance, the original WSB
r/investing
You won’t go back to anything. You lost all your money😂
Source?
Aww you guys are so cute! 😃
You’re*
i know its tough..fuck em all tho...god damn Chelsea blues
Well now that youve alerted the algos we will stay below $22. Thanks dumbass
What is the such threshold you speak of?
Poors can’t trade like that
We recommend you get the fuck outta here
Bonds bro
[deleted]
Have you tried following artists? Theyre  hardly political about anything.
I literally said this exact thing...
calm down crazy bernie, aint no downies this week
[deleted]
[deleted]
PLTR is making losses every year. They lost 800 Mio$ last year. Why do you all think that PLTR is a good idea?
Can you shed some light on the gap down in middle of your chart.
those spreads... just WOW... did your wife's boyfriend tell you to do that?
Lmao prob
At least one
Holding 11/20p $320, does that help?
Have to wander around in the desert for awhile first.
Crazy to think there's people out there who invest in stocks that have never heard of WSB... They actually do some of their own DD before investing hard earned money...that concept just sounds insane to me
You may as well yolo the rest. What do you really have to lose at this point?
More of a McDouble man myself
This
Your bank account is as empty as your battery.
[deleted]
your 401k went down another 10k
Positions or gtfo
[deleted]
Realist shit I’ve ever read
Which doesn't matter for companies like Tesla...
NIO and AMD were discussed here plenty
Catalyst to get BABA’s bullish divergence to start reflecting in price action too, maybe???
All election news is riced in.
Absolutely.
Neither one of them have anything to with it really. Vaccine will be made regardless
"Literally can't go tits up" *click*
All a ruse for the electoral college vote in December. Cast enough doubt, the voting members could change their vote even if their state is pledged to another candidate. Most people don’t realize, the election in November isn’t the real election....
Start it we’d call it r/wallstreetwinners or r/wallstreetearners but my friend it will either become another bets or investment sub it’s really one or the other

Wait do those subs already exist? Fuck
I don’t know what any of this means
Yeah you probably right
AHHH my cock is so hard. Ima need to jack off now. Thanks for sharing
This lady at my work is notorious for copying everyone and their mother on emails. Multiple times now, an email will start with me her, and maybe one other person. By three replies, half of the team is on the email, by the fifth reply the whole team and project director are copied on those emails. 9/10 times if she’s emailing me, it’s something very specific that isn’t relevant to everybody.
Idk.. did Jack Ma fucked up again?
[deleted]
That usually happens about 9:31
British pound.
You can tell no one commenting even read the article cause it’s fucking locked behind a paywall. Retards don’t fucking read lol.

Please dingleberries read this list of 500 institutional investors. See none of them bought over $16, then realize they’re going to sell soon.

https://fintel.io/so/us/nio
I’m out if we open red
How many shares would it take to make a millionaire ??
Yup its wallstreet Favorite drug.
confirmation bias
Nvda pls hopefully the runup starts tomorrow
You should probably just invest in a vibrator for your pussy and go back to r/investing
How many shares would it take to make a millionaire ??
Tech is the new DOW baby.  Don’t fight it keep buying while it’s low.
It still rose 41% over the last year. This market had jaded so many people thinking several hundred percent market gains is normal for companies.
rising covid levels, crazy 🥭, world is ending tomorrow
Not a meme, I’m in and going a bit heavier. Read through some of that board and then decide if it’s a worthy gamble
DD
Thanks!
It's just expensive with an accent
Shut the fuck up about this shIt. You want bullshit gaps up? This bitch is in mountain climber mode.
Doesnt change the fact that i sold my 11/20 17.50c last week when fsr was 12.50. Got a little profit but looks like def woulda been itm
It doesn't matter if Mango Boy concedes or not. He's done. Nobody with brain cells is listening to him, and he's getting his ass dragged out of the White House at 12:01pm January 20 2021.
You belong here.. are you down 98% or $0 at this point?
Yeah, and it’s better to grow with the bubble then waiting in the sideline.

I mean if it grows 200% and then pops 50% we are still up 100%.🤑
Stfu u weak fuck
Fair enough. My family put almost all their assets into a trust but all the money goes to my parents till they pass away. This was done in case tax laws change in regards to inheritance. Apparently trusts help protect against this. 

Guess it depends on how it’s set up. Have to do more research.
So you play both sides of the fence huh
How many shares would you call loading up???
[removed]
Thats what happens when a low volume option appears to be $.01, it makes it look like you have insanely large gains.
Autistic*
Seen this movie before
So, the vac was developed under Trump but will be distributed under Biden; is ANYONE going to take it???  XD
Its less risky than buying the 290C. It will print but not as much.
"StOp ThE cOuNt"
My screen usage are only Robinhood, Reddit, Investing App and Among Us.. I call this lifelong health and mental balance
I disagree. I lost fuckton in 3 months, but in a weird way do not feel anything tbh and do shitposting all day here.
NIO $1,000+

ALL ABOARD!!!!
No, statistically, I can't win every time
But you know the score prolly like ten to three
And them three times that I had to take an L
I remember them boys tried to finish me
Said we roll a 'Wood, I roll like fifty L's
They say, "How you keep all of that energy?"
'Cause I can't go back to the hood where them niggas could send at me
I remember livin' right next to my enemy (whoa)
Now I got too much money, I could blow up your whole facility (yeah, yeah)
Gettin' too much money, I can build me a new facility (Lil Uzi Vert, yeah, yeah)
I fuck her three times, so I call that girl, um, a trinity (whoa, whoa)
Uh, and no time, I would never ever let 'em sentence me (whoa, at all)
She just reads shit off a teleprompter. They push whatever gets the best ratings. Stop thinking these news stations are actual opinions of people there.
69% OF CLIENTS ARE NOT GAY RETARDS
Puts against George Soros??  Retard Haha https://www.gurufocus.com/guru/george+soros/stock-picks
Whos worth a follow on fintwit?
Damn thanks for taking the time brother!
Yup,near a trashcan but not in it. Its an insane social phenomenon.... its because they dont want to be seen as irresponsible with their dog "parent" friends, but also dont give a fuck about the world. Its the definition of virtue signaling... this is in san francisco by the way. Also, the bags make the shit 10x worse because it cant break down into the grass and just bakes in the sun.
[deleted]
Like students today have a fucking choice if they want to obtain an education. Tuition is absolutely ridiculous now, as is every other cost of living for people who actually possess that student loan debt.

You're coming off as very boomerish, and your inability to understand and empathize with how much more difficult it is for younger people to make their way in life is one of the biggest issues we face with the older generation. 

The "back in my day" shit just simply doesnt apply anymore.
You'll be suprised at how quickly it adds up. Once you're up 100% then just use that as your Yolo instead of blowing up your while account lol
What boring etf pays 10% a year
[deleted]
This monday will be just like last monday💉💉💉evil MRNA to 120
Scared money makes no money
This is the way
Weekend Dow going green.  Means blood green Monday right???
Yes
Yes, sell them.
George Soros in, Catherine from Ark in. What da fuq r u wating for?
https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1327979630477922304

SPY 350
Oh shit lets go, UK bans new petrol and diesel cars in 2030, EVs rise my children 😎😎😎
No, this is the most autistic place on the internet, stop looking elsewhere.
RKT please go up this week
Listen to this guy, this guy fucks
[deleted]
[removed]
Nah... they’re all looking at the beyond-autistic president and play on it.
I think most people who start religions do it while tripping balls so you’re already a step behind.
How my 12/4 15.50 calls I bought at open Friday looking
Wtf is gbp
They've done a lot of work to convince people watching on TV that it's a regular game, but the actual game suffers a lot because of it. No home field advantage at all. Players don't give as much of a fuk.
Congrats, you belong here
Nah you're kidding yourself
Glad to see you’re happy. These days 100k/day make me feel that way. Wish I had made this play. Would’ve been many millions but it’s what it is.
Thought we were all yoloing our net worth fairly frequently..no?
[deleted]
Everyone of those nov positions will expire worthless.  Good job
Hey, fuck you.
[removed]
Serious question - are we in a tech bubble? These are insane run ups (which I have enjoyed)
Paywall bullshit...
Canadians heads open up and down when they talk
I called Tesla. They said they'll be back on track in 2 weeks.
actual retard
Hehe 🤫
I did this once, was about start the next day and i called them up and told them the same thing. I never looked back because I got a better job, but thats just me I usually make a decision and dont go back on it, might be different if you may need them down the line
CRIMINAL
Why?
Monday < Wednesday
I heard someone on here give great advice once. They said if you think "holy shit" when you look at your position, it's time to take profits. But unfortunately I learned that after my big mistakes. And it's just so difficult to train your mind to not get greedy
Trump administration dropped their case in Arizona
[deleted]
I’ll drink to that bro
I trade on Robinhood but look at Webull chart
Business man doing business, love it!
Ask for a refund
Which stocks killed you?
Youre a boxer i take it?
Looks like he lost it in a month. Not much time to learn.
Yes
I feel better about myself thank you. :)
Yea, to the food bank
It always bubble until it pops. Just like a ballon ypu never when it pops.
I actually don't mind if AMZN stays flat for the entire Q, just don't wanna see it fall again
Imagine going on vacation in Mexico.
Circa 2016
Looks promising but need to verify fundamentals.
Well theta is gonna take a big chunk out so I hope it’s good for you lol
I hope I'm not following correctly.  Are you suggesting past coin flips have any bearing on the outcome of future coinflips?
That shit has a 35$/month paywall? Damn
I’ll be laughing my 🌈 ass all the way to the motherfucking bank homie
I'm so bored, can't wait till Monday
Brother haven’t seen gain from so long he even forgot the spelling of again.
[deleted]
If you think about it, since you put your money in robinhood and never spent it. You basically were never not a poor college student by life style. So you got that goin for you
Next time you feel like pissing away $400k, just send it to me. You can pretend you’re still trading, and I’ll send you updates on all the boats, guns, and weed I buy with it. Seriously dude fuck you.
Wishful thinking.

We are extremely bullish so people won't panic sell.
Except when it isn’t...
Im sorry for your loss.
[removed]
Might wanna tap that free stock button.
Alright if we're gonna talk semantics then I only compared this to propaganda, I never outright said this is propaganda. Obviously its an opinion but it's hella biased, German engineering is top notch for now and there is no way your Tesla drives better. I've driven a Tesla and a comparable Benz before and will give the ride to the Benz but the gadgets to Tesla.
I’ve actually been surprised at how much I barely notice when the stadiums have no fans.
WIsdom
Yes, Peter Theil is silicon valley Veteran.
the implied volatility is so high, premiums are through the roof
I’m hoping as well, they will be releasing their quarterly numbers on the 17th, and I hope that’ll drive more numbers up for my call on the 20th
TD Canada. Looks way different than TOS.
Will you serve Kool aid?
RIP
No he is right its incredible. Way more people with negative balances in there checking account than 400k liquid.
Hopefully Tuesday morning I can sing the chorus of "Bankroll" by Lil Uzi and Future. "I WOKE UP WID A BANKROLL, WID A BANKROLL, WID A  BANKROLL"
 NIO BABY LETS GOOOOOOOO
Do you have a strategy for when to take profits or do you just kind of eyeball? I think it's a weakness a lot of people in here have, especially if they're just scalping or playing weeklies.
When did Maria Bartiromo go off the deep end into conspiracy crazy town? 🤪
No?
No one knows but on October 30th, they made an announcement of an announcement for today. Could be a new vehicle color, battery news, or a new model.
Can I get some confirmation bias on my 11/16 355p
Doesnt make your mom less ugly or less fuckable
Wait so they pick up their dogs shit with bags and then throw the dog shit filled bag back on the ground?
Snart imvestor
PLTR is Peter Thiel. Cofounder of Paypal with his boy Elon Musk and first investor in FB. That's all you need to know.
[deleted]
Sure, it’s Robinhood’s fault
Sorry what do you mean by this?
Thanks. My puts are fucked
The virus doesn’t care about your politics. It’s just an organism that wants to survive. It moves from host to host. It just wants to reproduce. It doesn’t even know it’s doing harm. To slow down or stop it’s spread we can do a few things, 1. Wear masks to avoid spreading droplets of virus 2. Social distance, stay away from each other so we can’t inhale droplets 3. Wash hands whenever you can, use hand sanitizer 4. Create therapeutics and a vaccine
419.88
Been with PLTR since day one.
Yea and no.  Those planes are leased but still rely like 50% on last mile stuff.  I know they’re trying to get away from that but won’t change outlook before EOY.
Did he try turning it on and off again
Can we just open flat so I can get out of some positions real quick
[deleted]
Why would you sell for a profit when you can watch it drop and sell for a loss 😋
I'll pour one out for you, big guh homie
Depends on your strike price and expiration
>student loan checks hit

This is quite a degenerate (and very cringe) way of cheering this man up lol
Lol those positions have been zero, the next ones too
[deleted]
Yeah Robinhood definitely the one to blame here
I don’t think robinhood is the problem
No it’s ps1
6 years old and for no particular reason the stock price suddenly went up 10x this year?
*SEC would like to know your location*
lol n y is this
Let's also assume he's telling the truth, which is doubtful. Notice all his ranges are similar for totally disparate starting points.
You are so 🌈 I can smell the cock on your breath through my phone screen
wut
Yeah na fuck this, pump and dump scheme. Look at this kids profile.
1.6 a share for 70C a week out? That's not printing. I would sell your 45C. I see some paid 11 for it. Madness. IV is 240
[deleted]
There will be blood. We’re going to bleed this week. Bulls are delusional. Spy 360p, 355p, 350p 11/20
$22
Do you understand small businesses are not measured on the stock market? So corporations who are publicly listed will probably take over the market space formerly owned by small businesses...spy 450 end of 2021
Yeah.. Because Robinhood was the reason you dumbass lost 400k lol, not your stupid choices , right?
You straight up get better pricing on TD
Getting rich from working hard ended a long time ago. It can potentially get you upper middle class though.
....it was a hypothetical. Im not holding cash while the printer is running
Your high as fuck
Met 2 bankers from MS they were dicks. 

I’m in.
[deleted]
Nope you can claim as much as you want from last year to this year, $3k doesn’t roll over each year. You can use it all the next year if you earn that much. Just at the end of the year if you had 10k left over the next year you only have 7k
NIO got the biggest money printer in the world backing them. Daddy Xi and the CCP
Yoooo these MM’s are going to run a check on y’all. Y’all will be bag holding ATH calls when they have already ran for the doors
Getting some silicon valley / pied piper vibes off this
https://www.ft.com/content/5e9af60b-774b-4a72-8d06-d34b5192ffb4
Nio gapped up around 22$ off some Tom Foolery good luck those of you resting on the nio mountain top good luck getting some sleep tonight 😂🤯
Honestly, how the fuck did you pull it off
Bro after Fridays close i think we can safety assume people are bullish
Trading options
[deleted]
Bro, you need the big dick alpha energy to hit on someone on Tinder
My favorite time of the day is 9:30 exactly, when every single thing is green. Everything.
Perhaps not, just my read.  Ma substantially less associated with BABA now. Think there are more direct ways to make a long lasting point if pooh bear really gets a hard on for doing so.  It's China. They ghost people if they choose to.  I think this blows over. Just my .02
Why is there distrust and dislike for robinhood?
The Fed has no power to prevent downturns.
INFIDEL BULL BEAR MARKET IS COMING
you lose money due to theta even on holidays/weekends

if you account for this, and come out ahead, then hold. if not, you shouldn't hold
Xanax is Def bullish
Robinhood wasn’t the problem lol
In 30 days it’s going to be at 100. Your cost basis will be 153. Ouch.
Powell is not printing dollars.
Best of luck to you. Here if you ever wanna chat
And "are you expecting debit or credit?"
Imagine being this gay
The year is almost over in a month
link? im holding SOLO puts
Unlikely, the short squeeze is gonna be wild
Any new baba news today?
Crazy man. Like saying "fk my friends mom just died from covid i cant wait to hug my family at our gathering in a couple of days".
[deleted]
Peekend Pow gonna go green anytime soon..
How many would you like to buy? I will sell you as many as you like.
[removed]
[deleted]
Unless of course, results are bad. That won't be priced in.
what you’ve just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
For this reason, I’m gonna be watching the Asian  markets open on Bloomberg tonight.
Welcome to the club. I blew up my account in July & Since september I've started trimming profits over 50%

Im up over 300% since then. Can confirm it works. Don't let this sub pull you into the yolo
Could NIO see 30s this week?
You said people have nowhere to go from their overpriced assets. Yet here you are, holding a cash after dumping an overvalued asset.
Inquiring as well
I could only afford one - I wondered if the money I made could be reinvested but I don't think I can roll a return twice, especially without any idea what I am doing. 

God the amount of stuff I'd buy for my family with 400k - so many pizzas!
I think you got it right man!
Sniff...sniff... do I smell a 🌈🐻? Now might be your time to shine
You deserve it after reading your explanation
Actually that's a very valid point. One thing I like to do before investing in companies is to check their LinkedIn profile, their employees and their current job openings. $FSR is already looking to fill multiple positions but the one that catches my eye is the search for a legal counsel in Europe (Munich). Production and expansion takes time, of course
TAKBIR
Didn’t know about buying 2-3est, nice
Bout tree fiddy
Cool.   I could listen to this guy bang that drum all day!
$420.69
GOOD DECIMATE THE ECONOMY SPY 200
How does it compare to the LG CX series? I was eyeing that one
Wait this is actual advice? Didn't know that was allowed here lol 

But I do agree with cash gang and taking gains early and often, probably why I'm not rich though
Isn't AMZN using their own shipping services? They had like some 100 AMZN Prime cargos back in Jan
24.60
Thanks for the compliment fam
This is how you pay $750 in taxes per year.
NO-VAX FOR ME WE'RE GOING TO KEEP THE RONAA RUNNING SPY 200 BEAR GANG RISE UP
What if all of us all buy the same stock, how high will it go? Lets just take TSLA, how high will tsla go if everyone in wsb buy some tsla?
[deleted]
Think strategically. What would you gain by saying it? If you can't clearly answer that, don't do it.

Hint: it's a bad idea. Boss will take it as negatively odd at best and will not extend an offer at worst
Grace us with your divine insight then. I’m suggesting the government wants herd immunity at the expense of lives but that normal people should still adhere to CDC recommendations. 

Why are you now dumber?
[removed]
Nirga stfu
Ask for a refund
[deleted]
I am but a humble cripple, and 1 was all I could afford. 

:D
Because you sound like someone who has no concept of who they are as a person
I am not trying to say that he shouldn’t load up on PLTR, I mean I am loaded.

Just that implying he shouldn’t be 100% in(specially not in weeklies, that could destroy his portfolio).
This is my entire account. Moon or die
Get ThinkorSwim.
“normal”... how many neighborhood businesses will get decimated by then.
Fucking your wife was better than fucking your wife's boyfriend.
What are they announcing?
Anyone know when to expect news from that block of New England Governors meeting?
Make this man an admin
You’d have to go back in time and become less retarded fam and you and I both know that’s never going to happen.
$18
what are your thoughts on tokopedia?
gambling.....speculate....profitable

Well thank you for the strategy my good sir
Dont forget the 95% retention rate for their clients. That is insanely fucking good. And just last year they didnt even have a dedicated sales team. Also out of 100 bids for a massive DOD contract,  it was Papa Theil that got chosen.
[deleted]
“Next year”
[removed]
[deleted]
you get a dog
sure thing fuctard.
Can’t wait to go the stock market and do a business tomorrow
Yeah but she raised a retard
Citron sounds like they need regular diaper changes
nice. what're your incomes?
Thanks for making me feel good about my my measly $4k lost
Thank god my puts are going to print
If you do the assassination missions, it might give you some ideas to...um.. employ a different real world strategy to your trading....
Could do a twist on the fly. 
Buying 1 jan 15- 45 calls 
Selling 3 dec 4 - 60 calls 
Buying 2 dec 4 - 65 calls. 
For a debit of 5.40. 
Yolo the smart way.
Cats dont need to bathe unless she/he got all muddy
Minus times minus comes positive. Can't go tits up
Have you just recently taken acid or something
Best boner I’ve ever had
Im fine with that, ive been a lifelong fan. Just understand that its not a dollar hedge, anti inflation tool anymore. Investment banks and china own most of it now, meaning if the market tanks.. it goes too.
Good luck! my positions a lot smaller but this is the way...

7 - SPY 355 11/25 Put
please don't say AMZN price is already anticipated
Yes but bad news = good news
[deleted]
If you hold them on the back of the neck correctly it’s basically a cat off switch
[so mad](https://i.imgur.com/uNCqkXr.jpg)
EV big green on UK news
5% up spy tomorrow
Ahh yes, it's definitely robinhoods fault.
This some how makes me feel better about my losses. Thank you.
[deleted]
I’ve been thinking of doing something like this... a religion of the future. It’s a big head project that’s not mature but I think mankind needs something to ground it and be healthy and the answer isn’t government it’s religion . But much much different than religion of the past, at least in doctrine. Maybe one day
> CEO of BioNTech tells Marr that the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine could get us a 'normal winter next year', if big efforts are made to get people vaccinated in summer 2021. 


BULLESSHHHHH
Imagine if you bought 100 or 1000
That boner didn't last long
Dad?
pltr eoy predix?
Are you not supposed to hold options over the weekend...?
tbf all these trading platforms do a horrible job at making sure new users understand the actual risks they’re taking
Link us to the thread!
Good luck on your next adventure you retard
Is this robinhoods fault?
[deleted]
Good luck fellow bear... I also shorted but my balls are wayyy smaller since I'm only holding 7 put contracts 

7 - 355 11/25 SPY puts
That citron rating sounding more and more like bullshit everyday
I think my biggest weakness is not taking profits quick
Well played my good sir and fuck you
So you deposit your daily wage from McDonald's?
When something piques your interest buy $2k or so of it (try to get multiples of 100 if possible so you have the 'option' of selling calls later) and don't touch it for 20 years.
Not so sure that’s all robinhoods fault
I was going to mock you for buying just 1, but yeah, use that money well bud, at least you didn’t lose 400k like the guy did a few hours ago!
[deleted]
Calls on hertz
That’s your problem right there.
Biden and Paypal will make sure it touches 20k by the end of this year
Hope you’re right 🤞
Not sure how it's robinhoods fault lol
XPEV to 30 pls by Friday! Thx
Here’s the confirmation bias I was looking for
Time = everything
I sold a 1/21 BABA 330/300/300/270 iron butterfly because there is 25k open interest of people with 1/21 300c  BABA contracts. I think we slowly melt up but fail to hold over 300 until after January options expire worthless.
I like gathering opinions from big money. So your opinion is worth something for me.
I mean this not in a condescending way but you should go talk to someone
True, but there is no sign of inflation so there must be other reasons why this shithole of a casino attracts so many retards
ALL-IN on us treasury bonds very high yield expected
No way you had the balls to hold that till last Friday...
u/yachtsandthots
BMW should just close then since you could buy a kia for less. Nothing matters but the price right?
Post some screenshots of your schwab and fidelity or ban
do it
MA and RSI are my fav’s. Thank you, i’ll check them out.
Yes
I will be selling you those.
Weekend wall street go green
Use your tongue
It was 3k in march lol
Rolling pin to the head. Wash it’s limp body
Battery swap = Subsidy. 
Battery swap = Cheaper cars
Battery swap = China state fav
NIO is China's battery swap leader.
He already posted that he bought all puts on Tesla
Lol how old are you? Like 16?
Very easy to say bro, reality is different even with a higher paying job. Ask people who make 100k a year how much savings they have in the bank after 10 yrs.
U don’t think NIO continues that skyrocket ?
Oh really? Clearly you havnt done ur dd
Shitecoin never goes down
Potential, dont say it, unless you.cant fully detail why your desire to work there outweighs need.  Employers want engaged employees. Does nt have to be money that drives them, but if you don't present as engaged, they are going to pass.
I don’t know, you didn’t call me a retard so I probs won’t
Curry
Isn’t it illegal in the USA? I searched but all sites seem fake lol

For real with escorts you don’t have to feel bad for all that nasty degrading stuff you wouldn’t do to your date ha
How do you get your cat to bath without having to wear a suit of armor. Those claws ain’t no joke.
So puts
You're right, of course, I just think it's important to thank those that help you! 

It'll all be used for debt clearance as well as a emergency money fund! :D
I think The Big Short is to blame. 

How many retards do you think that movie spawned?
Im still confused cuz it says they have 2 employees. Must be working around the clock..
Yeah I like Eric, he's cool and quite helpful.
The potential market for biodegradeable plastic is huge. Go into your supermarket and look how many items you can buy that are NOT in a plastic packaging. Look at the last 10 things you bought and look how many of them are 100% steel/ceramic/wood... I bet 0 of them.

With fossil fuels on the decline the price per barrel of oil goes up and thus the price of plastic. In an utopian future we'll have stopped using this environment polluting shit in 10 years.

&#x200B;

I own shares in Corbion - they make compostable plastic from lactic acid or something. Spiber (not public yet) makes a polyesther replacement from bacteria. Literally all big chemistry companies have already thrown themselves into the battle.
Little you know this shits about to boom next month, mark my word.
A new trade deal was signed across 15 countries including China. Make BABA bendover and own it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Institutional ownership of TSLA is 45%. In PLTR they couldn't buy stocks because it was a direct listing. So they'll have to buy from retail investors because employees can't sell again either until the end of December. So we are sitting on 8% ownership now. An uptick to 20% which is very conservative in the short term will mean a lot to the stock price.
Vaccine isn’t being distributed yet... lockdowns ARE occurring now.   No stimmy in sight.  We going down boyssss inc the bears!
On the contraire! In the options game, the more stupid you are the more gains you make.
The sub is 50/50 on NIO. Inverse can’t work
[removed]
I'm beginning to feel bad for some of these guys.
Buy the rumor sell the news is all but finished. NIO easily could head back to mid 30s, bullish long
Well time to boot up GTA 5 and trade stocks on their until futures open 

...Yes I have an addiction
That seems like a pretentious thing to say in times like this and will come off negative. If covid wasn’t happening then fuck it. Just go in there bullshit your way into it try to get a tour and ask a bunch of questions THEN decide if you “want it or not”
[deleted]
F
Those are already priced in
How do people get their trust fund before their parents pass away?

I can’t access my trust till parent pass away. It’s not much but would be nice to use it to start investing in real estate.
A good suggestion might be Royal Dutch Shell ( AMS:RDSA). Its down 60%, currently trading at €13.15, coming from a low of €10.07 (28th of Oct). It turned a profit last quarter and raised its dividend (4%). It had a record loss of $18 billion, in the second quarter but turned a profit of $489 million in the third ( much higher than the $146 million analysts were counting on). Its trying to reduce its overall losses of $77,8 billion to $65 billion. If successful, Shell will pay out 20% to 30% of its operation cashflow to its shareholders. Furthermore, Shell is doubling down on its investments in Green energy from 11% to 25% of its total investment budget. In conclusion, its one for the long haul, but worth a look! Good luck
FDX and UPS dude, those retail shops are shit with out the logistical backbone of those behemoths of the shipping industry.
Just because the mortality rate is higher doesn't mean the long-term effects are also worse, although it might seem logical. All of the long-term effects you mentioned are also long-term effects of the flu, there is 0 evidence to suggest the long-term effects from this virus are any worse.
Buying into the meme stock hype. I lost 96% on Aurora cannabis end sold right before the recent rally.
“Hey man, that ATM broke. It’s shooting out free money”
Max retardation = Inverse
“If we open red” lol wrong sub bro...surely you meant if we open green and/or surge 80% pre-market.
That’s why I don’t hold options over night
Just bet on the games too keeps it entertaining
Okay so we mooning on vaccine news or tanking from lockdown news
weekend dow must be dumping atp right???
Don’t blame Robinhood on being a shitty trader
Your wife left you because you’re a green texter
And now he claims that the fraud is behind them. He is actually buying the shares with the price target of $50.
Let’s make it $100 and we’ll call it even
Priced in since Q3
I have puts too for the monthly OPEX (a little further out). I'm expecting this to touch 350 as well...

7 - 11/25 355 put
You are right, it is 704.15x Price to Earnings ratio
Momma aint raise no quitter
If you say you don’t need it, it will come across as though you don’t want it, and will likely leaves soon after joining
Trump news wasn’t strong enough to reverse the markets green. At this point it’s a sell off unless a massive news headline drops and can make it rally
There is another discord that’s a lot less stoopid if you’re Out of Options 🙄
I suspect SPY melt up continues this week, almost certainly green Monday, but I’d watch out for turnaround Tuesday.
Do the opposite of what makes sense, you’re golden!  Seems like Nio is good for another pump this week.
I feel you’re the type of person who walks away from a conversation when it becomes “too real.”
Looks like to me he had 0 discipline and control over his emotions
r/whoosh
Yea two weeks into a t-break from daily use for years and the change from no dreams to remembering vivid dreams is pretty awesome. Like a separate life
that seems reassuring
I see your point, but I still don’t care. I would think any company that does well in China needs the blessing of the CCP. 

If we eliminate any company with questionable morales, we’re going to have a pretty short investable list.
The announcement before approval seemed odd. Usually you wait until more substantial data is available.
I hope some of these huge loss porn are fake because it’s too painful to see
Based and corporate-pilled
Hey guys 1100x 9/11s is not worth me sacrificing my way of life temporarily cause i'm an american and biden won so I have walk around with my gun on my hip
Yup, waiting on that peer review with puts across the board baby!!!
I feel like “OTM FD” is redundant. All FD’s are OTM.
PLTR is a millionaire maker
[deleted]
Either big fuk or big rich.
[deleted]
[deleted]
U smoothies like stock dweebs:? https://twitter.com/stockdweebs/status/1327974660948955136?s=21
This is the screen when you withdraw all your cash. The fact that so many of you don’t realize this tells me none of you have ever done it and are hooked to RH if you’re using it.
How much is BABA gonna bone me again tomorrow? Stay tuned
Where’s the gain though, you didn’t share when you sold
Im heavy 11/20 puts before I even saw this post. Idk man. Suppose one of us is going to bank.
If fukt = rich, yea
Spy could have another massive green week. nio probably not
Damn. True.
University of North Texas.  Only Div. 2 but still yes, canceled football in any form in TX is serious business.  XD
[deleted]
So puts got it
Do you realize some experts suggest the mutations, which are being seen as less deadly BUT more infectious, can be a good thing for people who get it to develop antibodies?

This is what blows my mind. Right now your body has NO PROTECTION if you haven’t had it unless you literally stay away from everyone. Do people do this with the common cold? No, you are ok because you know you’ll develop some immunity to the seasonal strain if you get it. 

Same. Idea.
 same.
i stopped smoking like a week ago and all my dreams are intense nightmares. 
i guess its due to something called REM rebound.
should only last a few weeks.
One of us! One of us! One of us!
Why
unless you're holding options
Maybe etrade will give him the luck he needs.
Enjoy bud but you got a lotto ticket most advice here is terrible 

Don’t lose what little you have on the next idiot that talks about a mattress company
Okay lol
300 by EOW
[deleted]
Don't get too carried away, remember, it already had a good run up!! See the momentum and seize the opportunity when you see fit.😅
🤡
Hard to watch other people living your dreams
Because he’ll give the job to someone who wants it..
I’ve already got a lot in $PINS and $FVRR added this past week and may add $TDOC tomorrow if it’s up significantly. I’ve not seen such a good short setup in a long time. These are in obvious bubble territory only question is when does the crash come? I was on here last weekend saying we hit euphoric levels the previous Friday and then they crashed Monday. But to me that surge in the week is a bear market rally and there’s a lot more pain ahead for this entire trade so a solid setup for short/put entry.
House money baby
I would be a multi thousandaire if that happened
You’re a loser
[deleted]
[removed]
Wow congrats! I think I'm going to buy a few tomorrow z just for shits & giggles like you did and see how it goes! xD

Their Solo car is only $250, which honestly is a good price, but the car is SOOO UGLY! xD
Is it really robinhoods fault at this point?
See you next week!
Oh I see what you are saying. It read like his play, which appeared to just be calls, would make money on Theta lol.

What happens if he doesn't sell short calls and his calls lose money in the coming months, but by expiry it's still above the strike price? Does his shares get sold and he gets the difference between strike price and higher price? I'm confused because some options calculators show losses even though at expiry share price is above strike price...
One word three letters: BJ’s
SPY CALLS + NIO CALLS IM PROBABLY FUKT RITE?
Nio 100 eow buy calls boys
Also Christmas and such
Ah Jesus!
Why would you think it’s a good thing..
NIO red dildo
No problem, I took a position around $26 a share. Gonna hold for a while
Lost everyday can't possibly go tits up!
1 put to offset 237 calls. Big brain time duh
You know why I love the weekends. Cuz I don’t lose money on the weekends 😝
That feeling when your $3,000 a year capital loss write off goes past average life expectancy
Like I always say, don't be a 🏳️‍🌈🐻 if you don't like getting fucked.
Tesla is not valued at 700x revenue lol
EU stocks?  Idk YOLO Lloyds or you have no balls
[deleted]
😆
Remember citron used to write bad about tesla all the time
Hope so bro !
What’s with the put
Thanksgiving, Black Friday in 2 weeks' time.

Surely AMZN, NKE, and WMT have to go up
Day after NIO ER
If we just do the reverse of what OP does. We'd all be wealthy. 

Actually I think we already do.
Not jumia he said that was a scam
F
Dam rite
my guy the country is about to shut down again
Tendie land wow
autism is everywhere
[deleted]
Anyone who uses the term “free money” 🤡
Is.. is this loss?
Why Wed
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** 1,000,000 € in EU stocks

**URL:** https://redd.it/jumolp
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jumolp) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/yoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyook, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
fatnsassy69
cristache_
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Lmfao this killed me
Ok so what is supposed to happen until we understand this? People are already masking, distancing, sanitizing, restricting business, and pivoting every aspect of normal life. 

Should we lockdown for 1-3 years?
Wow you’re right, I’ll
Keep you updated
Finally an auto bot i can get behind
I feel dumber for having read this comment.
How was that retard not selling covered calls on AMZN
Literally you cant hide from this virus if its your time its your time.
[deleted]
Cheap otm puts for lottos
If you're really gonna try to recover with trading, you're even dumber than I thought. Holy fuck.
Do you mind explaining what a warrant and common are? I’ve never heard that term. IPO thing?
Ban bet
Yes
Yeah I'll probably break away after they jump up from holidays
Chivalry ain’t dead while this fellas around
All in $SAP
Wut? are bots going crazy now? o.O
I am definitely NOT saying that they take advise from Citron. I’m saying smart money already thinks like citron.
[believed in something](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jq3vjf/why_nio_is_pumping_1118_ban_bet/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
[deleted]
Y’all gotta play SE
Good luck! I hope your wife's boyfriend loses on the opposite trade (he might be holding calls or he might have wrote those puts!)
You only lost 92% of your money. Do you only want to be a 92% type of person, or a 100%? Keep going.
[deleted]
You son of a bitch, I'm in
Mate, if you're not trolling, you must be severely learning disabled. You haven't learned shit. Lmao this is just pathetic to watch, blaming Robinhood like the entirety of the fault doesn't lie with you
We’re already there.
You would enjoy Buddhism then
Because stonks don’t always go up
[deleted]
[deleted]
Let’s get it!
Rocket IS the play, bro. However, you gotta buy monthlies. :)
I've hit the $ threshold to make selling covered calls a reality.  Should I start with low premium boomer stocks to learn the ropes or go right to selling Chinese EV at 15% OTM weeklies
And they say putting your money in a checking account is the worst thing you can do.
i'll put my life savings into NIO just for that, see you in hell
What you do?
COVID is significantly less dangerous than we thought in March.
You don't find a garden. You make a garden. The creation of it is the entire existential weight of the thing.
So Just do the opposite of what you did. Got it.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Huge-Cucumber1152 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
PLTR is the next TSLA. When I saw the stock rise from 13 to 15 I knew it was institutional because it had all the hallmarks of a bot purchase trade. Probably be in the 20's real time soon.
You’re comparing this to an STI...

It’s a new virus but it’s also 99% like the flu...again which also is highly contagious, affects people different, and can kill you. 

Literally the only thing I’m suggesting is that the government is acting the way it is to achieve here immunity. Will that be at the expense of lives lost? Yes. But do you really think our government will lose sleep over that fact?
ya except not real at all lol. No one loses their life savings like this and then acts nonchalant on reddit. Practice your trolling OP! You should have pretended to be close to all in on $ROPE
And I’m gonna miss beating you :( hope you don’t get banned
how did u even get to sleep
Need at least 40% of the population for herd immunity to take hold. I’m not doing the math, but ballpark it at another 2 million fatalities in the US before that threshold is reached.
[deleted]
Because you bought it.
I hope to Christ you're joking.
You certainly can meditate 10 hours a day most people just don't. 

Learn to paint o draw. Take up photography. Go hiking and camping. Do yoga, work out. Run or cycle.. Lose weight, put on weight change your body. Hire a personal trainer. Learn how to cook. Get on a dating app and find other single people. Write a book, poems or a short story. The world is your fucking oyster
22.5 hours to go until NIO blasts me out of Ultra Low Net Worth status 🚀
[deleted]
If there was a Mount Rushmore of WSB, he’s be on it for sure, but not for the reasons he’d hope for.
Superstition = poor
Truly you are the king of the retards
[removed]
Lemme go find the model number samsung  I just got. Maybe you would like it. 65 inch samsung model UN65RU8000FXZA. Check that one out massively better refresh rate compared to 2020 model in the TU range and it has far better colors and color optimization hardware then the newer model. This is a 65 inch tv just FYI. 

The wife takes me to find the best tv for under 900 and I landed on this one finally after about 2 months of researching. It's replacing a TCL 65 inch roku that had it's led backlight  array die after 11 months. Our previous samsung 40 inch from YEARS ago is still running strong in our game room after about 4 years which is why I opted for samsung instead of a lg or don't model. Hope this helps.
How to know when to sell cc and not have to buy back?
RSI is 71 so it’s getting there but not yet. Long term this is a very strong buy in my opinion, but I’m talking shares
dude was born rich, just goes to show how easy life is when your parents are loaded as fuk.

him and his wife are each inheriting close to 10 million, you think its any surprise they are both rich as fuk?

thats the american system for ya, you are either born rich or u r fuk
[deleted]
Honestly if I do get banned Wednesday, I’m gonna miss playing chess with you guys, it’s pretty fun
[deleted]
🟠 is priced out, obselete.
Have you done any DD on the perceived size of the market these plastics have (I imagine it is small), and compared to the perceived growth for the next 10 years? 

You got any shares of these companies?
He also said some ppl were saying 1000 in a few years and then dropped a sly “👀”
Have you done any DD on the perceived size of the market these plastics have (I imagine it is small), and compared to the perceived growth for the next 10 years? 

You got any shares of these companies?
did your wife's boyfriend help with the 'math'?! I'm tempted to buy this if he did help...
[removed]
F
Sorry for you brother. Hope you will be able to recover all your losses in one way or another.
What earnings are going to move the entire market up? A lot of the big boys already had their earnings this quarter
He didn’t admit joe won - he stated “he won in the eyes of the fake news media” 

Trump is not the fake news media 😂
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-13/markets-are-already-pricing-a-successful-moderna-vaccine-shot
Who knows maybe we’ll go into an unexpected nationwide lockdown tomorrow
Thank you 🙏
What is your thinking here?  Because I’m struggling to understand why you would do this
🥭 capitulates. Green Monday confirmed on everything besides NIO.


https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/15/us/joe-biden-trump
[deleted]
You paid with Chinese profit, you get Chinese quality hooker /s.

Next time let's pay with US blue-chip profit, maybe you'll get BBBJ, CIM, GFE and 2 cups :)'
Most people are perfectly capable of assessing their own personal risk tolerance, and have concluded that they don't give a single fuck about COVID.
Stocks are a different beast.

Nio was hot last week, I was seeing crazy call volume before it went up.
It would be dumb for brokers to counter that.

This kind of stuff happens for less known stocks, forex, commodities.

If you are holding stocks long term at least over 3 month then most probably stocks will go up eventually. But your money is tied to those stocks.
Just buy shares like the rest of the plebs
Yeah that’s what I’m hoping for but also hoping for a break out some time soon if not might sell and reposition for more time.
In the long term mkts do/will go up, but atp I think mkts need a technical correction before making more significant gains
It's unlikely this virus causes more serious long-term damage than the flu.
Can we start the final round yet, I don’t care about Goldie Hawn
Because the only real corrections we've had have been really small dips (when you look at the bigger picture) that didn't last longer than a day, and yeah Nio is taking China by storm but  1) they're not selling enough cars yet 2) haven't yet expanded from its native market 3) they dont yet have many affordable options compared to Tesla. All of these things will come to fruition long term but for now no
You do what I do with 400x more money
everyone knows that no strategy beats the house in a Casino. You are retarded just for the title and should get banned
Why do I appreciate loss porn so much better than gain porn?? Is there something wrong with me ??
Dude probably makes 2 million a year.
hold tesla as stock and you will have 10m in 10 years max. What is so hard about that?
👌
Earnings might change that?
If this is real then I have a 47 inch wang
[deleted]
Yes, sorry
TSLA has been trading in a range where it goes back to $420 in relatively short order.
It's not a value proposition. It's we get you out of your home quicker if you give us a deal that no buyer would refuse. Dive deeper in their process. It's a shitty private sale.
Welp it’s retarded
Yes and no
Try picking up gardening. Building a garden from scratch with your own hands is hard work, but some of the most satisfying and fulfilling work you could ever do. Being able to see the fruits of your labor everyday and to improve upon it is rewarding.

Additionally, pick a couple of days a week where you go do volunteering work. You will be helping people, meeting great friends, and can be proud of how you are spending your time. 

Since you don't have to worry about money, use that rare freedom to enjoy the simpler things in life. Visit the National Parks.
[deleted]
Even when you turn the graph upside down it looks bad
Good morning. Are my ZM weeklie 415c they got away from me on Friday fucked for tomorrow?  Thanks.
It's all tradies. IE the people who actually create things and aren't masturbating on Zoom meetings everyday when they think their camera is off.
open red, dip, then slowly rise all day in anticipation of ER, MM will want this low
I’d like to offer you some OTM puts on SE and PTON. I’ll even sell them at bid
What's a good matchup later? Don't have time to watch 6hours of redzone
Seattle here
You read it? Nerd
Theta is going to bleed you dry and were melting up this month and the next, 😐
[deleted]
Sounds great until we learn about long term damage in people.
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah basically
"client" its your grandma isn't it?
It’s the future man, even England shortened its time table for blocking production of diesel and gas vehicles. I bought 1 call for next Friday on the dip and a leap, imma buy another one if we open red
Your friend is a true retard, make sure he subs here
[deleted]
I’m sure after he read some report he said “it’s over, they’ll never recover”

👌
You started at everyone’s goal. All you had to do was give an investment company your money
I’m still mid-term bullish, but this week probably 🩸
Time to call your daddy and ask for a reup
Is PLTR overbought yet? I’m scared
Reinfection is very real, rapid mutations exist with this virus. It’s the economy not cuz they give a Nikola about your well being
Probably not...but I’d bet they have an analyst or two lurking and posting meme buys, which of course we eat up like the big mushy bowl of tendies they are meant to become.
I'll bet Trump takes one of those for sure
Because its a new virus and we dont know the long term effects of it. 99% of people dont die from hpv, but that 1% has to get their dick chopped off. Dont be that guy.
$50 calls are 3.30.... who tf is paying $3.30. fucking kill IV monday
I just want a big VIX jump so I can close these calls and buy more PLTR
"iF oNlY eVerYoNe FoLlowed tHe rUleS"
I bought Tesla calls eod for next week please help! How am I looking? Up $3.00 so far 👀
In this topic you can see bois who have been brainwashed by American anti-China propaganda. Wonder if any of the shit talkers have actually been there. Probs not.
Going to ride the up wave into Wednesday and hope I can get a good entry point for leaps
I think you need some more wax
10 minutes before nio collapsed my friend said it was free money and to big to fail
That's giving me some hope, how was the journey and what are you doing different now?
This is fake news your such an idiot lololol
And 98% of the incest babies
Pretty sure this guy has a lot more somewhere else and this is just his gambling account. EDIT oh wow nevermind he just said lost all his money. Guh.
Darwin was correct.
And then blame robinhood for the loss.
Paper money accounts
Wanna hook me up with 1-2k? Its getting hard in here in Poland
Big bets already made son. " Be greedy when others are fearful".
BAC 28p 11/27 what do y’all degens think of this play?
I can appreciate the optimism, but if you lived in Rochester and knew the condition of Kodak's fixed assets infrastructure, you would not have made this bet.  Granted the assets have been nearly 100% written off, which avoids future impairment expenses, but they are in no condition to be repurposed for clean room / good manufacturing practice purposes. It would take hundreds of millions to make Kodak's film business produce again, let a lone pharmaceuticals.

Moreover, Eastman Chemical, a business that Kodak spin off years and years ago, is in Tennessee. They would have a chance at doing pharma chemistry, but Kodak Rochester does not.

Good luck.
I love how downvoted his comment was lmao
Start selling retard
[removed]
You fucking retard
Literally no one wants a swappable battery. Think about the tragedy of the commons. Those things will be treated like shit
TTD is about to dump
Cash and popcorn.
Yeah....it’s all RH’s fault
Yeah for real. The only option I’m doing right now is covered calls, and I made $1400 on those Friday. Nothing compared to the amount my NIO went down but that’s the good thing about stocks, you just keep holding. Sell some more premium for earnings, make more money. Let it grow.
He still ain’t gonna fit in a peach, like him or not that man has a dump truck, ain’t no wait that’s fitting
Then that’s gonna be step 1 for you dog. Need to find yourself and love yourself first. Say something nice about yourself today out loud. Can be anything just make it positive about you
You don’t read, dipshit. SPY prints now. Collapse later. Pump after that.
Uvxy is about to moon....
Nio is going to crash like hyln
Lmao
Dow over 30,000 tomorow
Is it bad that I kinda laughed at the bonus tidbit that his wife ran away with her gf cause he lost 400k xD
I got 5 to 1 odds on if he wins one of ga pa or az
I bought shit loads of leaps in March I just didn’t have the conviction to hold them past the first small rally. Would have been a millionaire with the 100 Tesla $1000 1/21/21 leaps I had if I still had them

Also 1000 bkrb $220 1/21/21 leaps

Ah if only I had just deleted my account
It is very hard to do most of the one I know were already worth a few millions when they turned 18. Also their parents limited the way they could interact with their account. Like they would get monthly allowance and the rest would stay in the fund. Also even if they blow everything they will inherit at some point and become rich again.
For shares, options only trade during market hours.
Hello it’s me from the future

Sell off 

You’re welcome
Really this is what I'd like to happen, but I'm just overly pessimistic about everything
Another fallen soldier arrives at the gates of Valhalla
Why is it robin hoods fault ?
What are you guys’ NIO plays the coming two days?
The lives lost are not worth the outrage and strife that would occur if people arent allowed to see their families. Im not sure if youre suggesting no traveling at all or just no flying. Im not saying its right either but thats just the way it is.
Citron board member spotted.
>If you’re new to trading stocks you should probably stick to trading stocks until you learn what a bid/ask spread is

I learned this the hard way
They've been making huge losses for 17 years now..
I think they’re ugly and both voted Donnie
The problem isn't Robinhood.  It's that you didn't know how to trade your 400k account.
You’ll recover . You still living today so that all that matters
Wife ran off with lesbian?? Wow from bad to worse
🤡 Bet you didn't even make it to high school with that writing
I think you and your wife is ugly
Ah. I'm a poor Midwestern boy so I don't have much perspective.
Higher interest rates don’t impact their current mortgages just an FYI. Unless you’re talking about adjustable rate mortgages but those make up a pretty small percentage. This is all besides the point cuz rates won’t be moving much til 2023
Ook ook eek is monkey, not retard. You’ll be fine.
>sell options within the first 15-30 minutes of market open if the stock spiked to take advantage of volatility. 

>buy options around 2-3et as that will usually be the cheapest time , but the last half hour can also be a great time depending on which part of charts you like to work. 

>Close options as a day trade if I profit 100% or more in a day. 

Accurate. 100% profit? Take it and run, buy back in later when it's on sale. Lock in those gains.
had a dream, that it was monday morning, nio was slowly bleeding, IV was getting crushed. life was good. 

i really need to get out more who tf dreams of monday morning
I was joking actually, I haven’t filled those scripts in years. Adderall is a terrible drug. It causes more harm than good in many ways if over exposed. Really hate to see people become dependent on it for their day to day
Tos for sure.
Thank you :)
THATS WHAT I LIKE TO HEAR
You can do the same thing with chips
comforting knowing that this sub has picked up a bunch of sports watching frat fellating mouth breathers, and that most of you are going broke.
Buy high sell low
How'd it feel with a bag on your jimmy ? Never got a bj like that before.
Could you please post your positions as DD in the future?
That was the joke...
Dude, i live near a huge dog park.... people wont even toss their dog shit bags in the trashcan,they leave it outside.
In three years I could easily see in in the $80-90 range
This is the top. Confirmed.
[removed]
I’ve been smokin wax 24/7 for like 5 years now, stopped a couple days ago and my dreams are fucking weird lately 11/20 SPY $290
Tomorrow 360, EOW 345.
Rotation > headlines
Yes but analysts are typically more neutral in their assessment, with the exception of some more controversial stocks. These “research companies” like citron exist solely to elicit and bank on fear.
I see that adding on to losers is one of your biggest problems. Once you profit on of those trades you hope for it to happen again. Wrong. 

What were you using to make your initial entry ? Technicals ? Which ?
[deleted]
Always invest in a product you know or even better that you use.---Peter Lynch.

Rock on grandma!
Seems like it
We make it a meme stock AFTER its gone up 1,000%. These guys probably bought in before that.
Indeed. I believe but can't prove that such depravity was more prevalent and widespread per capita in the past though, comlared to today
Dude TSLA and AAPL barely go up..
Texas cancelled a football game!? The world must be ending
I’d like to counter with this.

We had 2 massive corrections this week. We probably will have more but for the short term, we got adjusted pretty hard. Now it’s ER run up time and if ER is good and that rumor is true, we’ll be in the 50s for a little
You got me at  "go ahead and downvote"
Trump supporting Counties make up 29% of GDP lmao
Take my free award, you've earned it, you absolute monolith of an autist
chonky boi
Are there dentistry corporation stocks in EU?
What about KODK, NKLA, ACB, or SPCE
RH is not your problem
[deleted]
The confidence of... egg? Soup? Flying saucer? What is that emoji?
I browse wsb every day, there are diamonds that come up  a few times a month from the piles of shit that actually made me some really good money. I always sort by new and poke around, just last week someone asked about a penny stock that was behaving oddly and I looked into it, bought it at 2 and it's sitting high at 10 now. I don't ever plan on selling either as the dividend payout is quite nice.
He had 500k in gains... He lost 800k total
Selling to minimize loss? Is WSB finally getting members who don't treat it as a lottery ticket you have to hold to expiration?
Anyone else live in WA State? They locking us down again boys...
When VIX is up, my calls have a small chance of 📈🤑, but a greater chance of 📉💸.
My friend who has never traded in his life bought ENPH at $5 last year. Opened RH up cause I was talking about stocks and goes holy shit, i'm up over 1000%, I have not checked it in a while. I asked why he bought it and he said because they make solar panels and stuff.
How the fuck do you dickheads lose 400k and not be out on the fucking streets? How much did your rich Dad’s give you???
They’ve been saying that for a week so might be priced in
[removed]
The fuck? AT LEAST SELL SOME CC BRUH you're holding one of THE MOST volatile stock in this market
Good
I didn’t go to the booty club to see a long back wtf is this a portfolio for ants?
Mainly the whole Andrew Left driving the price down, sure people know he only does this shit to tank stocks and take profit but for some reason people actually listen to this retard. Also the price has risen way too fast. Yes  I fully believe in Nio, and they're pulling off some amazing things atm like their battery swapping stations. However, its unhealthy for a stock to rise this much with little to no consolidation. I feel like even if the earnings are amazing it still wont justify their sudden spike in stock value.
eh?  

The Chinese hate Louis Vuitton and Hermes?  Since when?
No more dipping. Moon rides only 👌🏻
I guess money over bitches holds true. Wayne was right.
I took an L Friday and   200 shares at 46.. I was double dipping hard .. lost over 2 grand.

Loaded up with 6 x 1/15/21 $35 at the dip with the buying power I got from selling shares.

At the moment my avg is 13.57... what do you think my expected profits should be if it goes to 60? Thanks
You didn’t learn shit
Yeah shutting down flights is easy. Obviously you can’t stop driving
If you bought it in the dip I'm sure you're gonna profit. Tuesday-Friday seems a little tenuous but Monday is a freebie.
Depressed emo doesn’t mean gay 😂
[deleted]
Shooters shoot.  🥭 has the confidence of 🍛 but the skills and ineptitude of the Washington Generals
RIGGED
I hope this guy didn’t post his calls on this page.
I am going to upgrade into igloo mk2
Read several news sources today suggesting that early Moderna vaccine results will be released sometime next week.
If the Citron report didn’t come out...why do you think it wouldn’t be green?
[deleted]
E-Trade is much better
Dude wtf
What's this? Rational investment advice on this sub??
vaccine pump then trump tweeting jk lol we fukd.
IMO the crash happens after everything is looking good. The fed will try to exit the market, and shit will collapse.

The fed pretty much is the market at this point and without them, there is nothing left.
I CANT BREATH
We can listen to fall out boy together.😂
Your chance was on Friday lol
He's just averaging down our collective intelligence.  That's all.
That would kill me, the no space is cringe
Doesn't Theta REDUCE the value of your calls over time?
This guys fucks.
Maybe that’s why. When citron announces they’re ready to buy at the discount
Same.
That monthly chart looks horrible..but you never know..
Retailers sold on Friday. 

Institutions loaded up. 

Yet another example of why we stay poor...we listen to shit like that.
Lol not Biden - the king of delaware of all places!! Maybe another president though.
Definitely the trading platform screwed you over. Master trader
[https://lilium.com/newsroom-detail/lilium-welcomes-baillie-gifford-as-new-investor-extends-recent-funding-round-to-275m](https://lilium.com/newsroom-detail/lilium-welcomes-baillie-gifford-as-new-investor-extends-recent-funding-round-to-275m)
Eh, PLTR is still roughly at it's IPO price and is very close to having it's first positive Q in it's 17-year existence as a company

I don't see it tanking too hard when those Feb shares are freed
When it's in the wallstreet journal it is too late. But there are several companies in the race which are all working with different technologies.
Love it. Even more so, that you actually put in some effort for some DD. Really rooting for you. Please make sure to update how it went.

I personally am also looking to go long on baba, on many of the same reasons as you mentioned, however i am thinking there will be another leg down in the coming weeks and then i can get even better entry. 

Good luck OP!
Glad to hear that
Sell options
RIP wsb. WBS hast lost all its origin and now youre gonna get such words for basic math. Rip wsb
You’re 20 and had 20k to gamble.
You still have age on your side and smart enough to have acquire much money at that age.
I’m confident you’ll snap back easily, now you’re wiser about the market. Keep hustling, learn from your mistakes is key at the stage going forward.
https://twitter.com/mingcalls/status/1322453041967067136

That's factually incorrect
Wow... I had like a year of deference, and I was paying $115 usd a month on a 18k loan. I refinanced it at 3.5% and my payments then became $85 a month. I took a long time paying it off since it was better to use the money in other ways. There are a lot of programs, but you have to look for them. I remember back in like 2006 someone called and asked me if I wanted to refinance with a private loan for "only" 6%.. I said, I'm paying 4%... She said it was a great deal she was offering... I laughed and hung up.... Some people don't know how to count..
Yeah Aurora fucked me, I could've had 20k or so but I decided to hold like a dumbass, hoping some miracle happens where I'll go positive.
Retard didn’t remember rule number 1, stonks only go up!
People would rather get slapped in the face by dr Fauci’s  wang then wear a mask I don’t get it 😂
Damn he really hates poor people
Yeah you were mostly right I think. Vix is a complicated bitch and I don’t even know all the pieces of how it’s calculated. 

But i do distinctly remember that measure because I learned about it in my mba this past March and my prof loved talking about it
Gay. Scared money doesn't make money.
Well aren't you a nice guy; offering to suck him while he's down on his luck.
Needs "chessguy" flair
Lol didn't read anything I disagree with or didn't already know.
Exactly. This is a great plan if everything goes smoothly. But it literally can go tits up due to factors outside your control and all of a sudden you owe a bank 6 figures.
[deleted]
I fucking hate that. You have 6800 in buying power (me: okay what’s my next move...), proceed to be short for several moves because some of it is margin. If margin is nearly worthless for the trades I want to make separate the numbers. I want to see CASH MONEY and CASH MONEY + MARGIN. Make it easy for a retard
Proof or ban.
what it say? Its baba + by the dip +its Covid + China cant keep a monster like that down?
Fuck your brave lol i have uvxy calls expiring 11/20 and 12/4
Cycling.
CVS health hubs are gonna be the future of health care if the company could pull it's head out of its ass. Which it seems like they're slowly doing with a new CEO behind the helm. But time will tell.
The market finna yeet itself to the fucking moon again monday
Sometimes I forget there are real rich mofos on wsb. Look at this humble bro
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jugzel/comment/gcdkv52
I mean..roughly the same color as a 🍑
Yawn, call me when they offer options.
Unlikely,bezos already said its not gonna happen
Pics?
[removed]
Y’all just mad because you bought ATH Spy Calls expiring this week
100%
This is true and believing what worked before will work again. It doesn't work that way in the market. 

Also believing your losses will eventually turn green is one I'm guilty of as well. Sometimes you have to take a lose and just be ok with it. Even if it moons after you sold at a loss.
Yeah on WSB i think 10m must have been the most I saw. I think really wealthy people don't use robinhood with a high percentage of their net worth haha
Don’t know why people still follow Citron. Almost every stock he has hammered had declined initially but now they are back to the original price.
Please elaborate syrup boy, do you forest folk have real news up there?
Keep calm. Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
I wish there were a reverse growth ETF that only shorted stocks like $PINS, $TDOC, $FVRR, $NET, $SE, $PTON. Instead I’m stuck buying stupid OTM put options with 80% IV. Still think January puts on any of these is free money after that fake ass pump at the end of the week.
savings
I mean shut down air travel and block off entry into states like they did first shutdown? and fines for anyone out of state? they did that in march?
[deleted]
Lol the lady did an interview later saying that the show completely misrepresented her,  "I suffer from severe constipation and stomach pain, coffee enemas are the only thing that help." Yeah bitch because you're addicted to buttchugging caffeine.
My pleasure. I actually come to WSB to share info and strategies like this. Happy trading!
Did the rest of my comment make sense to you?
That BABA DD is fire
[deleted]
[deleted]
Alright now grow some balls and transfer this to RH so we don’t get eye cancer looking at this hideous UI
Man fuck leaps I'll just buy stock in future and buy FDs
[removed]
Weren't they kind of filled from the election run-up 'crash'?
You know analysts don’t only upgrade, right? A massive analyst downgrade with a price target drop can easily be as manipulative as a half-researched attack from Citron.
NIO usually dips around 9:45-10:00, thats your chance to load up on calls
Name? Can't find her in google
It’s a scary stock. Went from $17 to $8 within a month. Now it’s back to $17. Someone could have made a fortune.
You must be new here, he's not even a prince of retards.
Now you take that 250k and buy bunch of calls and retire by June next year with millions..and it all started with 5k..
Thank you for the morning nut. Back to sleep we go
I could not agree more...hence my recommendation for long dated, very close to money call contracts. After all, options is legalized gambling. May as well increase your odds knowing that Chinese stocks (sans 2-3 Chinese meme stocks) generally don't move up like crazy and is rather a very gradual climb.
[removed]
People still think it’s a flu and don’t put on a mask.
Citron thinking they're Mongolians, when NIO looking at them like Tibetans 👀🇨🇳🚑
[deleted]
Fuck no
It's a pandemic.........like wtf but I get it. 

Im mostly saying that any debating/talking about what we should do or not do and guidlines seems hypocritcal and stupid as shit with the fact we keep allowing these superspreader events when we can stop them even if we dont want to.
What were your trades?
Ban on holiday travel? I would like to see you try it
[deleted]
Something something volatility something.  There, I know what it is.
If he was able to save up that kind of money, that alone suggests his income is incredible.
You can continually claim losses from a previous year in current years but only $3000/year.
On their call they mentioned battery shortage that would prevent immediate scaling. The question is really, are they going to do it in house or is their another company that the others will buy from including XPEV.

Given the Chinese government mandate to move to EVs, I think it’s going to happen much sooner than we all think.
He said he won because the elections were rigged he wants a civil war.
So what like tree fiddy
Not really, always listening to something, have massive playlist of podcasts and music. Doing smaller deliveries recently instead of long haul which helps
[deleted]
Any reason? It was green this week
I am sure we all did at one point 🤣
Lmaooo
Key word: “had”
Thanks for the PTON chart. With a little patience this will be easy money.
Watch CBRL, LUV

Yes they are "post pandemic" stocks but the setups on these gap fills are all almost perfect. They are both also about to crossover the MA on the MONTHLY scale if you're into that kind of thing.
no lol
I read in the paper that the amount of wealth lost to RH’s shitty order fills is larger than Ecuador’s GDP
Sad that some dude paid a cheap hooker for bad sex or sad that there’s a cheap hooker out there suckin dicks for gme calls? Be careful who you judge man that could be you in a couple years 😉
>they do help reduce the spread

That's what I said.
Amzn should do a stock split
I want it to be, but honestly dont think it will be
I read an article about a guy who didn't have a dick once. Had to lay on the toilet in order to piss. Calls on GE.
Good news!

[https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-54949260](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-54949260)

I'm going to get some BABA calls monday as well.

To me, this puts the antitrust action in perspective; they weren't doing it to fuck over Ma, they were doing it to create the appearance of due diligence of regulating their own monopolies to finish the RCEP negotiations. At least that's my read on the situation and it makes more sense than the PRC destroying one of their own most profitable companies because of a grudge.
Think xpev will be too?
Can Trump actually be bothered to pass anything though
[removed]
They cant ban holiday travel people would lose it.
more fake news
I’m praying brother yoloed my last 2 k
If this is a short term play why not doing it with ACB? That’s basically a meme stock that is only traded when there are some news about cannabis legalization, no one gives a fuck about their terrible financials and their non existent foundamentals
Bruh.. Wat r u doing with a wife. Get the hookers and blow and enjoy all the strange you need
Call support and ask to load up the previous save.
I read 1% leverage and quit reading. I don't buy 0DTE options with the intention of being 1% leveraged. ;)
Unless you have your eye on a specific TV don't buy any of those cheap ass black friday televisions. They are cheap for a reason.
What exactly have you trading while the market has been going higher? Please tell us
“AlMoSt EvErYoNe OwNeD sToCkS” that is dumb shit I’d expect to hear at a bbq with randos and some idiot 3 bud lights in trying to educate his fellow dry wall installers
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/sleepybats the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
See my comment.
The Chinese hate western brands
Lol yeah here’s the tweet of concession 

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1327978710809661440?s=21
Maybe not. Sounds like that was his life savings mostly
[deleted]
NIO earnings on Tuesday will decide the dinner plans. Steakhouse or McDonalds😊
Open a fidelity account and stop listening to the advice of internet morons.
Too many gaps below us, on top of probable pending lockdowns looming.  Makes perfect sense we go back to the bottom of this channel/wedge were in, filling the gaps along the way.
You give good advice but then go 80% cash to try and time the market, which historically has proven to be a really bad idea in general.  Don't you think this is at odds with your own advice?
It’s really crazy how 400k would have completely changed my life but here you are providing jerk off material on wsb
2 mins later: “ I concede NOTHING. The election was rigged”. Gonna miss the tweet volatility Jaja
Excuse me what
Not really. Fsr 12/18 17$
Dude, be nice... most people with that liquid cash got it from a dead relative. If it was "daddys money", dad would of lived through the 80s crash, the 2000s crash and 09....dad would not allow it.
It's fucking Sunday. Go to church.
Yeah looks like thats what everyone is saying. Ive waited 10 years, guess i can wait another couple of months.

Thanks
Wait for the higher volume EOD and crack resistance 🙌?
How my 12/4 15.50 calls looking
If you think NIO isn’t green tomorrow, I want what you’re smoking
Bold move. Jack Ma not sitting well with Xi and cronies for some reason. Market fundamentals be damned, Beijing is the unpredictable factor here.
Donnie suck balls
Quit listening to the old sack o shiiite- nobody gives a fuck anymore about his kindergarten management style
Can you give me some money and I’ll gamble it as well. We can split the gains

I mean if you’re this reckless
Looks the opposite of market. Were you blindly shorting?
So I read the citron report. Citron said the cap can never be justified. Mercedes sells 1 million cars a month while nio sells 6k a month with 2/3s the market cap. Honestly very bullish, says it’s only worth anything cuz traders like to see it move up and down.
This is absolutely insane . You don’t even have enough to get your wife and her boyfriend some burgers after they finish banging next door
[removed]
I play that game with my girlfriend too. Congrats!
Bro you are shitting your pants about your short NIO position lol
It will close over 360
Yeah at a med ball with an ex girlfriend, it's great for pictures I guess?
Priced in the day after the election
So the consensus is to wait til January/February.

Thanks
He'll have to show us his RH for us to to see the real damage
One last Donnie Pump‼️‼️🤣
This is an entire new dimension of retardedness, welcome to the club my G
Anyone reading this and wondering the most important question. 

The answer is **yes**, OP sold all 5000 at $5 and lost it all on SPY puts the following month. Beautiful.
Knows there going to be a even bigger covid spike after thanksgiving. 

Still doesn't ban travel. Like were just doing it to ourselves at this point and any talking/future debating is just stupid as shit

nutty
Some mm made this play and now can pay for his yacht this month
Yah, I think investors know now what we’re getting into and won’t panic so much as to cause a market crash.  BUT the air gaps sitting below us from the election run up are sure to be filled.
This is the worry for me. The market will go straight up until Biden *mentions* locking down, then I'm gonna lose all my gains if I'm not out already
I heard best deals are post super bowl.
Damn I thought my 11/20 spy puts were bold
Any news about $FSR in the end?
[deleted]
Why not buy much further out in case your timing is wrong?  I’ll never understand fucking morons who don’t buy 9-12+ months out. Greed.
Yup, he is on fire on his Twitter!
🌈🐻
WSB is a casino and I’m the house
Not on 400k, but when leaps are up, and then you see weeklies up 1000%, then you bought the weeklies.. red day the next day and you lost half..... REPEAT
"I asked a friend in China, apparently model 3 is doing big discounts in China this quarter to compete with Nio/Xpeng's pricing and so far when price is similar, model 3 is still a no brainer for Chinese customers due to its western brand status."

Dont doubt the muskrat
Well that seems misguided since China did not load the gun and pull the trigger
So far I’m liking the new dick vandalism documentary on Netflix, calls on Monday from me as a thank you to them 8===D
Eh sometimes that just makes it worse
Keep dreaming, you autistic maggot. The Supreme Court didn’t rule on the 2000 election shenanigans in Florida until December. This one has lawsuits in multiple states winding their way through various court systems, a hand recount ordered for the state of Georgia, and possibly more to come in other states. It will be some weeks before you see those kind of headlines. So go long on popcorn king Reddinbacher because we’ll be watching this shitshow for a while.
SPY contracts that expire the same day. It's AFAIK the most leveraged and volatile move you could possible play in the stock market
Boo DD
spy 360c 11/16 lmao
In Houston everyone is acting like things are normal. I did notice ozarka water and tp are slowly starting to disappear though.
1. So many logical fallacies. 2. I'm gonna ignore the political bs you're spinning and jump to where you actually address my question. 

Masks HAVE def been proven to reduce the spread of covid...literally go to the WHO website and see for yourself. 

>If masks were 100% effective why would we need lockdowns? If lockdowns were effective, why the vaccines?

I don't even know where to start on this lol. Masks aren't 100% effective but they do help reduce the spread. Again check WHO. Lockdowns are effective at reducing the spread...idk what you're on dude, but ill explain it in simple terms. If people are interacting with each other less, then there are less chances to spread the disease. Lmk if that makes sense. Neither of these 2 things in tandem can get rid of covid...that's where vaccines can HELP. I'll also explain that vaccines aren't cures. Just because we have a vaccine for smallpox doesn't mean smallpox doesn't exist somewhere in the world. The vaccine will help us build up herd immunity to the point where people that can't get the vaccine (due to adverse reactions along with the few sad misinformed antivaxxers) will be further protected from catching it. Lmk if I need to elaborate on any of these points.
learn not to yolo?
As long rates stay below 5%, I don't think it has a huge impact on sales.

Also, RKT isn't just Rocket Mortgage, it's Rocket Companies.

https://www.rocketcompanies.com/our-companies/
Football without fans sucks dick. I feel nothing while watching games.
Best day to buy a TV is after the Super Bowl
He flipped already? This is what this thread is good for
Donnie conceded.. civil war cancelled
You can think it’s stupid all you want.  Lots of shit society does is stupid, doesn’t change the fact that they do what they do...
👍🏼
Great strategy AFTER a day like Friday. 👌
TSLA. Clean energy mandates from the Chinese politburo. Chinese stock listed in US, new ipo.  There were risks , the larger risk was a reverse stock split.
1 Pending Stock!
Who else thinks we open 360+ tomorrow?
Another market crash is too obvious, it’s why we’ll power to 375. Lockdowns mean another $6T stimulus package.
Yes this was the red pre-election week. Then he lost the election, went 0-12 for his court cases, and designated ***Rudy Guiliani*** to represent him as his official election-fraud lawyer. Obviously, SPY 420C 1/15
Still takes years to scale up and make battery factories to lower costs etc. they still ten years away from Tesla. They have to rely on other manufacturers to make their product. I think it’s a good company bc I think most EVs  are the way to go but the valuation is not even rationally close to where it should be.
Lifecycle funds fucking suck. They put your money in the F and G fund because the morons running that shit show have to include them. The F fund is garbage and the G fund keeps up with inflation. Save the G fund for when you need to be in cash. No reason whatsoever to let money languish in F or G if you are trying to build wealth. Therefore, fuck lifecycle funds. 

40% C , 30% S, 30% I, re-balance on your birthday.
Robinhood really needs to show buying power you would have used on a position instead of just telling you you don’t have enough
NIO calls
For real now, I cant take this shiet anymore! 10 mins ago he wrote “Biden won”, now he said “We will win”! Make up your mind and stop farting in our casino!
Spy $345 tomorrow ? 👀
[deleted]
[removed]
Ahh thank you. Take an upvote
black friday deals have been all month.
Imagine thinking the squeeze of a lifetime isn’t coming after one report dupped so many into switching to calls.
87% of hospital beds are empty?

Sound the alarms!
Walmart Calls. You belong here.
Nah I don’t see it on either
Damn that’s genuinely painful
Puppies
You usually get better deals in January/February when they’re trying to blow out old models for the new ones coming in.
that guy has probably way more than 400k to his name if he can lose it all willy nilly
How tf do you lose 400k retard. Couldve just tossed em in leaps
[deleted]
Yeah in reality, trump wasn’t really ever found guilty of what he was impeached for either. 

Still weird that they wanted to put him in a peach, never really understood how he was gonna fit inside one
If you could spare me 30k, I’d be very appreciative.
Lol you had that on Friday pal.
He tweeted “RIGGED ELECTION, WE WILL WIN” 11 seconds ago so I don’t think so
Facts
Future sales...China is actively encouraging people to buy NIO instead of Teslas...there’s a huge untapped market in China for homegrown EV
You gotta know when to hold em, know when to fold em, sold NIO at 25 bought at 10.50
Did you read my entire comment? I literally conceded that that it’s manipulation in both cases, but then i outlined why the short case is more consequential and less ethical
[deleted]
Wtf they bought NKLA. What do they see with this shit?
Get laid.
How do you have the balls for bragging about losing almost half a million dollars in a year
Has 400k

Doesn’t sell options

🙃
[deleted]
**NIO $100 eow free money**
[deleted]
[deleted]
Here in North Texas, we’re at 13% hospital bed occupancy (Gov. Abbott has mandates in place to start closing down at 15%).  

One of our local colleges hasn’t played a football game in a month due to this.  

Toilet Paper and Paper Towels are being hoarded again and stores are rationing max numbers of items per customer.

My sis-in-law who works for the state was just told she’s now working from home permanently.

This is starting to feel a lot like February again boys, and we’re back at ATH with about 9% of air gaps under us.

If you don’t think we’re in a 🌈🐻 paradise then I don’t know how else to convince you...
But if everyone takes your advice and does the opposite, then what you’re saying is I have to do the opposite of the opposite of what everyone else is doing... so NIO calls?!
I don't know. You could go ask all of them
Buy leaps like all the institutional investors
Depressed emo 35 y/o
 Buy up, the stock will be at 100 before you know it
I didn't buy it yet.
Truck driver, I make 180k a year driving road trains
That guy on the front page lost 400k on short dated puts over the course of this year...seriously wtf i would take myself out
Hype is a powerful thing. That’s for sure.
i dont normally go out of my way to say these things, but i think youre better off waiting. the #1 post in /politics is that "Trump is Impeached" he was then our president for another year and some months. tl;dr: reddit does not know anything about real politics, only emotions
Show me yours I'll show you mine. 
SPY 364C 12/18, QQQ 300C 1/15/20, ARKK 115C 6/18
Life is short. It has to be meaningful
BULLdozer Monday incoming... bulls about to get dozed 🐄🚜
Supported by what sales retard
Really think it drops???
That 400K loss is something else holy crap
Really think so???? I have a short position
I went shopping today
Define roll them to next week.
Pay a minority to do it.
Whatd you do?
👀
Because it's your drug of choice
[Largest US Pensions Bought Up Shit like NIO](https://www.barrons.com/articles/largest-u-s-pension-bought-up-ev-stocks-nikola-and-nio-and-zoom-51605441621)

We’re in for a nice bounce Monday.
Probably because you bought it
>So why are there more sellers?
Find peace in your self
These guys? The same guys who took off their tail risk hedges? 

https://www.californiacitynews.org/2020/03/calpers-loses-69-billion-market-crash.html
And you're doing it in your TFSA *Facepalm*

1. I hope you are not doing day trading in it because the CRA will come to destroy your anus whatever happens

2. Congrats you lost half of your right to invest in this account. 

3. Congrats you cannot even reduce your taxes with your losses

TFSA is not meant to be actively traded, just put it on an index fund or a few companies you're comfortable holding for years and use other accounts to gamble

Retard...
You’re sidestepping the issue i raised by pointing to China’s long history of fuckery. Manipulation isn’t defensible on the basis that “you should have known better than to invest in Chinese ADRs”. These are generally riskier than US stocks, but not because you have to worry about US analysts writing hit pieces on them.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
He bought calls but out in like February
Haha that mean english is not my first language and I messed up my plural. :(
“He won because the Election was Rigged,” said the orange man. So not that much of a change I would say.
[removed]
Self reflection.
[deleted]
Fishing
You're right. They're locking them up in concentration camps within their own borders.
What kind of mattress?
Take the buying and selling of options and replace it with losing $400k in Vegas and it makes better sense.
Only a Canadian could be serious about that pos
Alcohol
SPY 360c 11/16 and SPY 365s for 11/20. We going to to be so green tomorrow. Monday’s always green!!
OK shorting PLTR tomorrow.  Thanks lol
You fucking moron
This has to be a joke
[deleted]
*ignostic
Did you put the balls in, too?
[deleted]
NIO is the future of EV with its swappable battery technology...TSLA had first mover advantage but NIO is EV 2.0...NIO will have a market cap well north of 100B by mid-to-late 2021
It might be a buy and hold honestly if their numbers look good

M still has a fat ways back to 28 even if it takes a few years
you don’t need tv to watch loss porn
Lulz.
PRPL 300C
[deleted]
Great post, thank you
60 millions, plural. That means he had at least 120 million
Pictures?  $160!!?  What?  I get change back from a five.

You all high class and shit...

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yf4GMSpTFg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yf4GMSpTFg)
Dude you sound salty af: 

It’s okay when analysts pump a stock because I make money but when someone else calls for a short, it’s a crime? Dafug
Rooting for you
WSB ASSEMBLE ALL IN PLTR TOMORROW
Who has time to sleep????  I can't trade properly unless I'm on 2 hours of sleep, mentally deranged and chain smoking newports, as I pound a pot of expresso, yelling at shadow people, while im  at work
Yep this is the way
[removed]
400k in savings is enough to just play safe, and live a good life! Rest of us are aiming for this number.
What kind of price target are u hoping for say in 3 years? I'm holding shares long @16.7 so really hoping I'm finally in profit this week
Wait for the dip
[deleted]
The juxtaposition between this and the comment below you is great
They’ve been saying that the gap on Tesla and Apple needs to be filled for about 3 months now too
Why did you do that
[deleted]
well fuck now i'm scared lmaooooooo
Robinhood; no charts so users can’t see the tops or bottoms...
Was it worth it?
If you learned one thing in life, what would it be!?
He bought short weekly puts. Learn to read, retard.
I havent bought a new TV in over 10 years. My samsung still looks great but I think its time to upgrade. Should I head to costco today or wait til black friday for any possible deals?
Nice android idiot you deserved to lose 400k
Like the retards sitting down at a slot machine in a casino.
Congrats, your job is now gym rat. Health is wealth. Go the the gym
What are you, a depressed emo teen?
I mean it would be big gay if it did
I get more excited now for futures/market open than I do for Sunday NFL kickoff. Uh oh.
Anyone else lost their signing bonus and life savings this year?
Same thoughts, bought some stock, expecting maybe a final move down.
Holy shit lol
Take onto a tarp then funnel into bag. Or mulch and bag with a mower and then transfer. Also it is best to use a paper bag for yard waste, no sense in encasing leaves in plastic.
[removed]
[deleted]
The same way wall street analysts are able to release their bs price targets. 

The only difference is that the wall street analysts are bought and paid for. Citron type firms are working independently. They're both shady.
Buy more leaps
Unless your entire portfolio is your own firm and you want to go public!
That means you bought puts and you’re scared and you’re a dumb peasant

Jk good luck but there’s only been one red Monday since like May
Got a new bed recently. Unbelievable how much of a difference a better mattress makes in quality of sleep. Calls on my energy and personality
Ahhh the power of options
What did the wife say for retail puts next week????
They were cheaper weeks ago. I had M at $5
Get out of here you poor
Ahhh now I know why the market wasn’t crashing. Now that you’re insolvent watch the markets crash and you’ll want to punch someone.
If she was making any money trading she wouldn't be tricking.  No wait.

Didn't look like the picture eh? More like this?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rw0A8jE18s&t=1s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rw0A8jE18s&t=1s)
Sounds like your daddy has more money. Go beg for more!
"That Robin Hood game is rigged. I'm switching over to TD Ameritrade!"
Read the caption it was all Robbinhood’s fault. Not sure what he expected Robbin Hood has always been about taking money from rich assholes.
i don't want to tell you:(
Sir were notorious for buying high and selling low in this forum
Stop losses on high IV options will destroy your account
Well firstly if you want to "risk" your life going to a Trump BLM rally or some shit that's your choice. Less people (millions) would also die if the government banned tobacco, alcohol, driving over 30 mph, guns, so should they? Secondly the masks don't 100% prevent the transmission of COVID, the science has never suggested that it does, there are some estimates of reduced risk of transmission but that's all. If masks were 100% effective why would we need lockdowns? If lockdowns were effective, why the vaccines?
I wonder what kind of real estate they own? With a lot of people working from home you can move the company HQ to an out of business we work and turn the cool ok’d buildings into lofts and apartments.
Now this is wsb
Oh we can do that now, did you buy puts or calls?
Could be right. Didn’t expect that rally on Friday. Time will tell.
I found it! $RIDE 

Lordstown Motors

No way that's not the Queens EV

...

Queen of Ohio
Shhhh
I still haven't slept yet
I'd rather have a nkla drawing than an actual solo in my driveway
Ya that would do it, but ya hes not on wsb.
After 3 months on margin, in finally off due to last week’s pump. I’m not looking a gift horse in the mouth. Feel like a new man but it’s hard finally sitting with cash and trying to be patient for an opportunity.
Un-american, blow those fuckers out into the street and into neighboring lawns like a true stock trading bad ass patriot
Lol you think PLTR is going bankrupt with $2B In the bank!? 🤡
This asshole really said nio at 25...
Dude it was a very solid analysis, the only few detractors are individuals who have not even stepped foot into China, punting on a sharp recovery. 

I like BABA but I think it might dip slightly / stay flat in the short term. I don’t see much catalyst that would drive it higher.
can futures open early already so i can know if i'm going to be a labeled an esteemed god or a dumb peasant tomorrow?
[Your bank account is ready!](https://youtu.be/G7MoXPxA5LM)
LOL, SPY $320p expiring Friday.  XD
[deleted]
Some of you are buying solo puts because the cars are ugly. Bulls don’t care we just want to make money. Keep your sentiments aside. Solo 15 eow
All this overnight loss porn is giving me morning wood!
Got a mil to yolo and scared of losing 30k. Go back to r/stocks, also ban
You probably missed your chance on Tuesday/Thursday
There is calculated risks and then there is mental retardation
I guess for some people's thise millions ar ethe betting account. Saw once on /stocks someone with 60 millions in his account.
That legalese is standard for any political contribution. I believe the show is over for Trump and he knows that deep inside but his poor character will not allow him to acquiesce, do what’s best for the nation, and go quietly. He will find a way to eff something up on the way out to make the transition difficult for Biden. And I wouldn’t be surprised that whatever he does to challenge the election or “make a last stand” adds significant uncertainty to the markets and down we go. That also coupled with shutdowns due to Covid make this a precarious time to think that the rally we saw last week on the market reflects reality. I hope you have cash (to take advantage of the opportunities that are coming after) and are not trading on margin. After 3 months on margin in finally off due to last week’s pump. I’m not looking a gift horse in the mouth.
you are a gifted child - one who graduated the University of Retards all in one year (instead of 4)
Can you explain what they mean by “one supplier per platform”? That seems the opposite of anti-monopolistic.
Death Trap.
You beleive the media?
[deleted]
Ok. I Just realized Honda is overpriced & sold all my shares. You tell me, what should I do with that money?
I wrote this in July for our boy Herman, sadly the Rona got him. Enjoy.

I WANT TO HEAVE RIGHT FROM MY CHEST

LIKE NO ONE EVER HAS

TO CATCH IT IS MY QUEST

TO SHOW IT HAS NO COST

I WILL TRAVEL ACROSS THE LAND

RALLYING FAR AND WIDE

EACH COVID BUG TO UNDERSTAND

THE VIRUS THAT’S INSIDE

HERMAN CAIN!

GOTTA CATCH EM ALLL (It’s Trump and me)

I KNOW IT’S MY DESTINY

HERMAN CAIN

TRUUUUUMP YOU’RE MY BEST FRIEND

IN A WORLD WE MUST DEFEND

HERMAN CAIN

GOTTA CATCH EM ALL (it’s Kung fluuuuuu)

I KNOW IT WILL PULL US THROUGH

YOU INFECT ME I’LL INFECT YOU

HERMAN CAIIIIIIN

GOTTA CATCH EM ALLLLLL (Gotta catch em alllll)

HER MAN CAIN
Great write up. Would be more practical if each principle followed by some sample plays
Only the Sith deal in absolutes
No way this is real.
I don't think it's Robinhood's fault...
Idk it would barley beat inflation
You should start looking good by Wednesday or Thursday.
A company Elon was impressed with during his European tour a month ago. They are up 16% since he said something about them.
Yes. It’s been in the financial need for months
Exactly this. Sure, use stop loss orders if you’re OK paying capital gains tax every time the stock rises then dips. Just buy it, hold it, and rake in the dividends later in life; sell when you think the stock is overvalued or you have much better alternative investment.
Glad you’ve learnt what a 5 minute google search could after only losing 700k
All my neighbors seem to have easily and secretly put the leaves they raked into garbage bags. How does anyone do this?
Puts on Solo it is...
I would trade in Adderall and Lorazepan for this
bro stick to your job that helped you make $. trading isnt for you, dont play yourself
Sell calls
Lol we are 2 months into bear market, dude chill it’s like 3 years on average. Although I guess bulls back in town as soon as vaccine is found
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fohjud/what_do_you_guys_think_the_last_bullish_indicator/flf7cll/)*
Tesla is a long term investment. Who the hell knows if NIO will be around in 10 years, just look at alibaba when the founder angers the CCP of china.
which trade was your biggest loss?
Look buddy, I vote blue no matter who...  I’m just saying, people on the right just as much as those on the left are so caught up in their culture wars that I’m tired of hearing about how my bro-in-law hates BLM, or how my wife can’t stand Trump’s stupid butthole shaped mouth and all the bullshit that pours out of it every day.

Because of this, I’m exhausted and now only care about one thing; MAKING MONEY...
No you suck a bag of dicks. You’ve changed your PTSH target every other week
Nah I Prefer taxpayers money
🤡
[deleted]
Holy fuck, big F
You probably should have started with a few hundred dollars lol
Was cheeto disputing the election priced in?
You learned absolutely nothing. Only lesson to learn is that when you gamble, you can lose. That's it. Also you're gambling on stuff you know nothing about. TSLA isn't a bubble. But that's a discussion for another day.
Plz spy moon moon
Is anyone worried about the amount of PLTR shares outstanding or the high amount coming out of lock up in feb? If I buy now I’d almost have to sell before then.
If you had put that 400k into nio think of where you would be today.
Prolly get better returns sucking dick
[removed]
Powered test flight at the end of this coming week. Should go up this week on anticipation. As long as there are no delays.
Whats the most profit you've seen anyone post here? I've seen a few in the low millions but yet to see anyone who has made Jordan Belfort yacht money
Youll never hear it from the people on this sub but you should pat yourself on the back. You made profits instead of YOLOing away your life’s investments.
For sure, I’ve been busy getting banned on conservative forums for asking the slightest questions about Trumps loss. They ban me right away before discussing. Lol
Looking at Nordstrom’s and Macy’s the holiday season is still here and if there is anytime to show staying power in the future it’s this season 

Also they super cheap now
Poor person in training
Can we shut down the economy so my vxx calls print please
What about his campaign aaking for contributions, amd in the fine print saying up to 50% or whatever of donations will be used for legal fees and personal shit? I dunno man i think his money is alot tighter than anyone expects, with moves like that
Agreed or little shit that shows you’re a cheap bastard. Some guy on here last week proudly talking about buying organic produce and marking it as normal in the self checkout aisle. Piece of shit degenerates in here liked that post up the wazoo.
“Had a nice warm ploop” thank you for that bro I’m laughing my ass off.
I don't have a cat but from what I understand they tend to mind their own business and don't really have behavioral issues.  But I could be wrong.
[removed]
You people and your obsession with porn and masturbation are the worst.
Couple of good loss porns on the front page to fap to boys. Go abuse the extra special retards
On what grounds?
$60 eow
[removed]
r/smallstreetbets
blame China for being shady assfuck, not clitron
FGGT
I unlocked green mode Friday, and I still can’t believe it because I was 95% down on my 12k bankroll like six trading days ago. I’d just like to thank ACB, SPY’s autism, and something called Revolve that I shorted to hell bc my wife said the clothes were ugly.
You still have free stonk
At least you got stability now
Agreed, it will go ballistic
Heh he doesn’t give a fuck
GME gang has officially gone off the deep end. All the autists left at $15.00, leaving behind a retarded hivemind.
[deleted]
I’m a Dem but that’s not a logical argument. He has in-house counsel for starters that we the tax payers pay for. Second, his lawyers would likely work pro Bono on such a high profile case like this. It’s excellent exposure for them.
That’s dumb
Pray it goes to 80 by 2022 like my original plan lol
[deleted]
Wtf is trading? I thought we were gambling?
How fucking long until people realize being rich has nothing to do with intelligence.

In fact, only fucking retards think this and it’s probably just because they want to be rich.
I am with u dude. Self fulfilling prophecy. Bullshit. Def not salty that i bought a call 2 seconds before the 'report' dropped
gonna cry maybe, maybe shit and cum
Yes. You can have the e-commerce gains with out the risk with JD or PDD. Which is why it puzzles me why people have been running into BABA since the 280s.
Get assigned
Lol at "manage positions well", that's like buy low sell high. Someone might benefit from some of the lessons he learned
[deleted]
That’s 500 dollars. Take it out get some coke and whore only way to yolo that small of money
Even investing would call that retarded

but to be fair, investing might call anything not ALL IN VOO retarded.
Hmm, it will slowly drop 275-300
Sitting on 1/15/21 $6c 

This is the way.
I can tell by your comments you think you’re learning something from this and I’m just going to tell you that you’re not learning quick enough for this to be the thing you’re good at.

You have so many flawed ways of looking at the math of the market that I wouldn’t even know where to begin.
What r your moves if NiO drops to 30?
https://m.benzinga.com/article/18337606

I didn’t say they were profitable. But it’s clear based on their earnings it’s heading in the right direction fast. The difference I think people miss about comparing Tesla and the other EV companies is Tesla spent a lot of time in R&D.

The advantages that the new EV manufactures have is they have access to Tesla’s patents which they don’t need to spend much time in R&D for a viable product.

IMO anyways
[deleted]
+1.  

The political risk regarding BABA is huge atm.  BABA bulls keep talking about ANT potential/BABA e-commerce marketshare, but neglect to mention their high-profile CEO publicly slammed the CCP and that Xi personally authorized the cancellation of the ANT IPO.
[deleted]
long uk lithium then
RH is alone in the worst rung. I like the UI but yeah. No.
Your gains ARE someone else's losses. It's a basic fact, not even debatable.
Lol. I see what you did there
Dude thanks for this!
You ain't got no alibi. You ugly.
Holy shit maybe ATVI won’t be as manipulated anymore only 85% institutionaly owned now
There is a reason for the short seller rule it’s even worse with penny stocks
Using last months logic I would have said ZM calls were obvious, but given the negative covid news wasn't enough to pump it last week, I think ZM will be down. Maybe down Monday and slowly back up to 400 by end of week.
never gona jappen

lisa and jansen are like practically siblings

if that was true jansen would be broke
It varies by the breed of dog.  And a pure breed will generally have quite predictable behaviour.  Pure breed golden retrievers or labs have excellent character for example.
If you manage to stay on at least for ups I know that their part time benefits are on par with most people's full time benefits if not better. When I was working I had a ton of co-workers in their 50's doing it as a side gig for the 20 hours a week just to maintain their and spouse coverage. Combine that with them used to being up at 3 am and working hard till 7 to 9. One of the few jobs I realized that old farts had a real racket going. I miss that coverage.
You must be new to Wall Street bets.
LOL look at how long Tencent got its nuts in a vice dude over rampant gaming. 

You clearly don’t know the scene
Same. I’ll buy at $28
Calls printing, bears sprinting... to their phone to cut losses
Totally agree - it’s just a “hidden” commission. If you’ve tried trading spreads on both RH and TD, you’ll know the difference. You can usually put in the mid price of the bid/ask spread and will typically get filled on TD. RH? Not likely.
Lol you people are fucked up... Asking this retarted question
[deleted]
There is definitely some merit to the idea that short attacks like Citron’s should be illegal. Unless a company is completely fraudulent (Nikola), then i can get behind it. But making a debatable claim about a company’s value to boost your position is pure manipulation. The same can be said about banks upgrading stocks, but this has the effect of building and spreading wealth since longs usually outnumber shorts. Upgrades also usually cause a smaller change, allowing shorts to exit without incurring huge losses. The short attacks, on the other hand, rely on fear to induce panic selling to extract wealth from the majority.
The 10% rule?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ohh nice thank you for clearing that up. Did i get the other parts right? I troed to learn bits about it. Of course AFTER losing a large % of my acct on it
[deleted]
gay
even if that were true

the FOMOers dont know that
Wanna learn how to make 10% a day? Join my discord server, only $99.99 a month. You’ll make your money back in a week!
What does robinhood have to do with this you retard
App store
I was surprised by the bull run of PDD, I was in for JD since it's 20s in 2018 - when mired in scandals and trade war hype. PDD, I never had a high opinion though bought in ipo and stupid me sold it at 35.
What do you dislike about S Florida? I kinda assume there are better places than Boca if you're a single guy trying to chase pussy. Maybe try Miami for a little bit?
There’s a ton of shit going on these days but this is fucked up.  Leave Wayne Zalinsky alone.  Dude shrunk his kids once and blew up his baby not long after.  Tough times for Rick. 

https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/man-arrested-new-york-city-attack-actor-rick-moranis-n1247852
If i see my position mentioned more than 10x in a month on WSB i get weekly calls
Do you make money tho?
Phone charge police are here.
This sub thinks they’re WSOP hotshots but they’re really just the old fat lady alone at a slot machine pulling the lever until she runs out of coins
Have you seen the car yet?
Maybe try their customer service they might give u it back
Don’t know why you got downvoted, you’re right. They just provide the experience.
Counter argument that. I dont what to be smart i even dont want a good reddit profile and i am ready to start a new one because of the age.
People don't understand that oil is still going to be a big part of our future for at least the next few years. I think it's a great investment.
I agree - that’s why I’m not really complaining about it. It’s seems like a lot, but the executions, especially on spreads, are phenomenally better than RH.
😂
Solo solo solo. $10 open for daddy please!!!!
[deleted]
Up up down down left right left right b a start
When I see this shit I hope these people are already super rich.  If this was the entirety of my life savings and I lost it all gambling faggies on Robin hood I would probably be depressed for the rest of my life.
[deleted]
What’s the news, puts printing ?
I can't wait to wake up Monday and see that mother fuckin massive red candle on NIO
Also held cash going into this week. Hoping it opens up some buying opportunities
What was the news?
Wow.

Step up to the table, kind sir.

And becareful going that deep into margin... 156k available, share order for 800k?
>if everyone did it and listened to the vast majority of scientists all over the world, less ppl would die and we wouldn't be getting another wave of lockdowns

not even true
Agreed. Its like they don't know what happened here. Nobody has tried to get me to join a trading group in awhile.
[deleted]
Chicago got a stay at home order last week. The rest of the state might follow. All regions are already on business and activity restrictions
Dude this is insane!! How much are you left with?
Put it into shares of stonks plz. You are too retarded to do anything else
Ain't nothing else actually locking down. Everybody who already has Zoom subscriptions has them. Zoom will keep dropping.
That’s already in place and we have a “stay at home advisory.” I agree I think Pritzger goes full lockdown soon
Might as well add in CGC/WEED for our Canadian friends (also mostly owned by STZ)
yall care to much. Everyones just shooting blanks into space. Thanks for yall service.
The comment you’re replying to is advocating for buy-and-hold. Who cares about paper losses in that scenario?
doesnt matter, its traffic and its people using it. which means more investors.
[deleted]
🤔
Bought a lot of PLTR with average price of 9.98
Well, obviously you won’t get anywhere unless you have at least 69k invested
Baileys is owned and distributed by Diageo (DEO)

Also, OP is probably 18 and thinks he's so cool
What UK EV companies are there? https://finance.yahoo.com/news/uk-ban-sale-petrol-diesel-112923200.html
Imagine being atheist and not agnostic, LOL
[removed]
Zoom is going to pump whether wsb pumps it or not lol
Fuk i tried
[removed]
We can only hope that at least some of those trust fund kids gamble themselves too deep into debt...
This. I felt it.
CTRL+SHIFT+C > motherlode
https://youtu.be/prRySgsgtnM

Pete Holmes’s version Badman.
AMD announcing next gen graphics cards this week that outperform nvidia cards for 2/3 the price.  

AMD‍🤑 🤑🚀🚀
Vix is 10x so a vix of 20 means traders expect a daily avg move of 2%. 20% avg market moves would be insane. But fun to trade. That would be a vix of 200!
[deleted]
Was a good run trump.
But yeah i bet td also would have something like that. Exteemly new to td so unsure
more than anything id just be straight up curious to see what a person looks like who has a limit of standing/walking for only a single hour out of the 24 in a day. are they obese? are they skin and bones? are they on drugs and just fucked? are they handicaped or physically disabled? are they old? are they just lazy? i would be so fucking curious.
Depends on your expiration
I see posts like this and my balls hurt.
Agree
Calls on your cats ass
They're not doing one this year.
Never that I’d be one of those 🌈🐻s on here talking about Cash gang, but after last week’s vaccine pump I’m pretty much cash gang and waiting for another opportunity to jump back in. Market seems expensive again especially in light of all the lockdowns being reissued.
‘Comment deleted by user’

LOL!
I think stockcharts has shit like that but im a stupid and having trouble figuring it out
Dosent matter...new users are just as valuable imo
Yea and that chess guy was annoying as hell
Same for buying puts, except it stops working even quicker
WSB law:

Never attribute to sarcasm what may be explained by retardation.
I like Welcome to the Party. But I never knew that was him until now.
Why was the post removed ?
[removed]
[deleted]
37.

Try not to suck any dicks in the parking lot.
Nice to know Disney and Cisco are helping to fuel optimism!
What the fuck is a citation? Isn’t that what the cop gives you before he drives off?
When the husband came in I fucking lost it
[deleted]
Mobile ex mansion
Man pennystonks is bogus
So uvxy holds super short term vix contracts with 1.5x leverage (ie if the vix spikes uvxy really spikes)

So the best time to buy uvxy calls is when you think 2 things are true: 1 the market will have a quick pull back and 2 most people don’t expect it. The second part is key because if the vix is already elevated equally over the next few weeks (bc people are worried about a drop) then uvxy won’t really spike

The opposite is true of puts. If you think everyone expects a huge drop but it won’t be as bad you buy puts because as soon as the event everyone feared passes the avg contract value in the next 3 weeks will plummet. This is what happened after the election when we didn’t dissolve into civil war

TLDR buy uvxy leaps or shares at the peak of a bull market and then sell calls against them whenever it spikes cuz it won’t stay up for long
He has nothing on AsleepArachnid. Honestly, the man needs help.
Cash gang unite!
1.5 mil on uber 45 puts in the darkpool this week
[deleted]
This literally just made me nauseous.
Ahhahaha
Someone else posted on this. My opinion is that PDD is way overvalued. Yes JD has a sky high PE, but revenue is huge and margins are improving significantly.
walk into kodak and tell them how to do.
You can book loses from last year in the current year?
NIO poll.  Let’s get a consensus!

https://fast-poll.com/poll/e6edd8df
Lol people who bought puts are gonna be crazy rich
I just like the letters uvxy, so im all in. It reminds me of a cheerleader song or something.
Calls on STZ
Well said
(this is the future liberals want)
This is something you can try to corner. Buy options, buy the stock, little pump and you’re on the moon.
I doubt it would be full lockdown just a mandate for business to reduce indoor activities by x%
Yahoo finance
You sound like a child.
Why?
Then burn their houses to the ground.
Will ship Covid cases to sea like they used to do to lepers.  Calls on ships.  Puts on life rafts.
not being able to walk or stand more than an hour a day means you will have to get a sitting job since most, if not all, standing/walking jobs last longer than an hour. maybe consider a driving job of some sort where you interact with people a lot, but you still can sit in your vehicle and drive most the day. something like a driver for a limo company, or a delivery service of some sort. lots of driving jobs out there if you get your CDL and they would fit all your requirements.
Why are you asking 90's questions? We are beyond good.leaf B's.
Try taking your phone battery out for 3 seconds then put it back in. It should reset.
This speaks to me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thank you. I appreciate the advice,  I’m gonna look more into this.
Yahoo finance
No fap + crazy muslim writing i can only conclude it was about fucking sheep?
Win or lose Monday markets being open is so much better than not.
Did you even read what I wrote?
LOL!
[deleted]
By open
Fucking nice man. You will be back, but next time, separate into 2 separate portfolios in 2 separate brokerages and put most of the money into the adult port
$125
You said it better
Srsly tho
How do you lose money on long legs? The calls that you sell are closer ITM than the calls you purchase, yielding a net credit. The only "long leg" that we have here is the shares. I agree with your statement on puts, but I am saying we can still generate a higher return than CSP while still be theta positive.
Dan don't play this kinda shit, you bout to get the hammer
By you?
It’s okay lol, it’s easy to get lost in all the noise. Just a bit of advice though, I don’t recommend uvxy FDs because theta will take all your $$$. Try to get a good position at least 3 weeks out.
🤓
In before the ZOOM hacks and the Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
Fells bad. See you on Monday
[deleted]
Laugh it up... you're next, doofus
Now an atheist, but must say, miss some of the beautiful religious music / song. You cannot be human and fail to be moved by some of it.
Consider getting a dog or cat.  Best decision I've ever made.
So maybe next time you learn how to trade first by practicing with a little money before risking all of your big money. Honestly though you can’t be all that intelligent to have done this in the first place so better off just quit.
Body weight squats with variations, side planks because our obliques suck in general, so side-mountian climbers, push up variants that have you doing pushup plusses to help your back and a group of shoulder work. 

All this because working on yourself is the hardest but most rewarding task you can do.
I’m sure you can make a scanner rule in ToS
Going north of $10?
yessir
SOLO? Haven’t done any research but WSB seems to like it. YOLO
Is that McCormick?
[deleted]
Say “I dont need that, I dont need that”
He only has 9 years left to live :(
thoughts on getting in SPCE?
[deleted]
My man
[deleted]
Opendoor acts as a virtual broker and buyer - providing the same value proposition to the seller but at a cheaper cost. Instead of paying the realtors 4-5%, you pay Opendoor that amount but with a lot more speed and certainty.
[deleted]
Exactly. Calpers is the shiznitt. Top lady there is Alpha AF.
Breakfast of champions 🤤
[removed]
[did you mean it literally?](https://youtu.be/bznDjbQLzMo)
yes yes it's true
Don’t
ZM calls with my cc and savings. Weeklies for earnings
Sauce?
anyone know if there's an app that can give notifications if certain stocks or one on a list drops below a set RSI
genous
Lmao I just get sucked into the useless bullshit on here and miss the important stuff from time to time. 😂
This is a really dumb comment.
Fuck it. I’m buying another thousand shares of PLTR on Monday
Also SPY 350p Jan 15
I’ll Venmo a mod $5 to flair me
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/JodiDoering/status/1327771329555292162?s=19
No Guts.. No Glory. LOL
Meme energy is high
A lot of us *have* been hedging with uvxy lol. You must only pay attention to the memes. Currently holding 12/4 uvxy 12.5c’s as a hedge
I think that you think that sounded smart and I think that you should rethink that.
IPOB - the SPAC - has 4 employees, which is typical. A SPAC is set up as a shell company to go buy another company and take it public, and typically takes a team of 3-4 to make that happen. Opendoor (the target company) has thousands of employees.
Yes you greedy fuck, buy more Tesla shares and calls.
From experience it doesn't always follow vix in movements up or down. Weeklies nearing expiration seem to always get pinned below expected vix moves
Definitely not priced in. Cash gang ftw
Are the churches just using the free version though? No way all their parishioners are oaying
Manipulation is Real with this one. Doesnt trade 1:1 with Spot VIX price movements. Utilizes futures contracts so you need to be aware of carry costs, contract expiration, backwardation, Contango and random unannounced changes to the ETN underlyings. Meant as a short-term hedge for institutional traders. Meant to be held for a day or two at the most.
There are many different factors at play here for RKT - here is how I see it.

Vaccine/COVID getting better = bad for RKT
1) interest rates will start to go up = less people thinking about buying a house and getting a new mortgage (this is the big one) 
2) trend toward digital starts to revert a bit

Vaccine/COVID getting better = good for RKT
1) financial health improving = more mortgages (yes but to a lesser extent probably than interest rates)
2) higher interest rates = RKT makes more money on existing mortgages

Not sure which bucket outweighs the other...but given the massive cash the company is making now, I would lean towards vaccine being more on the bad side

I am also invested in RKT fwiw
Heard they are in talks to acquire tik tok
Investment bankers don’t manage your portfolio
Whats the sentiment about SOLO in here?
Can confirm. Am poor. Would swap my self sufficiency and awareness of consequences for unlimited tendies and ignorant bliss any day.
Here I was pissed off I sold for a loss my 1000 shares at $15 and my 20 , $20 Jan 2021 options. 
I'd be up like $100k ish but oh well
PLTR?
Because it is a pre-merger SPAC - it is not yet "Opendoor" but will be when the combination is complete in December most likely
"Investing"
Imagine buying any stock after a 2000% run in a year 🥴
Damn wth. Do you have a link to it?
Yes. You limit your losses but you also limit your gains.
Love my daily coffee enema. Nothing like waking up with Folgers in your butt.
i just cant wait to buy zoom. i wish i would have bought it on friday. shits gonna go through the roof with covid picking back up and new lockdowns starting.
Good question
Calpers bought up lots of NIO last quarter, they’re no dummies
[deleted]
I don't care, I'm buying some MOON.
He means because of the restraining order.
Amen.
Says in the caption he bought hundreds of different put options and lost it all lol. He just shotgun blasted his money into random shit.
Thanks for the heads up. Very reasonable.
No, but wearing a mask has been proven to reduce the spread. IK ppl have reasons, but I'm saying they aren't rational at all. If anything they are selfish. "Only .02% death rate, I'm young and healthy I'll be fine, it's hard to breathe, my glasses fog up" etc...and a lot of ppl will believe in conspiracy theories about how it isn't real which I'm not even gonna comment on. 

I don't get off to wearing a mask. It sucks, but if everyone did it and listened to the vast majority of scientists all over the world, less ppl would die and we wouldn't be getting another wave of lockdowns
[removed]
Morning, fellas. Rumor has it Illinois will get the ol’ lockdown by Tuesday. 2nd 3rd and 4th waves may be priced in but if states starts falling down over the week, I don’t think it’ll be so bigly green.
Right? Lol this is a new one...
 ألمس نفسي يوميا
Ah you’re right, no idea then
This is just bragging. Fuck off.
Just a heads up, a TON of Mormon churches across the united states and world are approved to use Zoom to broadcast their religious services on Sundays. This is going to be a big increase to zooms traffic. mormons are a pretty sizeable chunk of people. not to mention all the other churches besides mormons who are using zoom. basically what im saying is buy zoom before it runs away into the 500-600-700 territory by mid-late winter. their revenue and numbers for Q4 are going to be astounding.
Most (real) brokerages will execute orders outside of normal trading hours but you have to check.
[deleted]
I think you mean has has joined the "king of retards club" here at wsb
Ban this retard
Gambling
Bless you, I'm happy to keep my word :)

https://imgur.com/a/rmpyYea
1.6% on negative net worth is a tax credit. How do I sign up?
Are potatoes attractive?
Esignal would be my guess or TC2000.
why is investing addicting
Get a better strike. Fuck outta here with that far otm. Get half the calls at 260
10k is a small yolo fuk nut
Zoom out, it always goes down over time and then in black swan events it spikes to Mt Everest. Short term it's very difficult to predict direction and can be unpredictable. So ppl usually play shares on it only for short term
200 EOM 😂
BABA 220 is more like it but good luck bro 🐻
This is peak bubble nonsense
What’s the insane upside you refer to?
Fluffer
Can you not tell he’s being sarcastic? Just reread the last sentence.
[removed]
When will this sub learn to just sell the news and take the money lmao
What app is that?
I want whatever Mango is on.
For sure the Houston Cleveland game looks like it’s gonna be a high scoring one.

Rams and Seahawks is gonna be a nail biter
This is the kind of DD I come here for
1.6% tax is probably on your net worth regardless of gains or loss. That’s how it could be worse if I have to guess.
Lol you bought a short dated call on a fairly low liquidity stock that is overvalued with a 1yr price target of 43. Word, son.
It was trading at 48 the day prior to the news drop... Do you really think a 7 dollar pump premarket and then an equal drop after the news is coincidence?
Bro you could of bought a car .... built a monster pc with that money then CAREFULLY invested the rest and gained it all back.....
Yeah I feel you on soflo it’s a love it hate it area. Tampa really is growing into something nice
Dude you are 20.. who cares. Time to take a couple years and develop a drug habit or crippling social alcoholism habit. In no time you will be a perfectly well rounded adult.
K, daddy ;)
Lol, ok
See you Monday with another 400k
I had loans ranging from 6.8% to 4.66% all from the feds.  Private loans were running 9% to 11% at the time.
Going to be a good game regardless.
He cant afford a lomg legal battle with all the debt he has coming due
Breakfast is the most enjoyable meal
Hedge funds disclosed their 13f’s on friday bc that was the SEC deadline. If you read the 13F, it just shows the position they held as of that date and its value- it would seem many hedge funds have bought in positions earlier than the most recent run up to $40.
OH NOOOOOOOO! I seriously feel bad for you, don't really take any advice on this sub tho cuz of obvious reasons.
[deleted]
That word, I do not think you know what it means.

I think you meant to say "this reads like someone's opinion".
On the information page it says:

["There is no guarantee that the fund will achieve its stated investment objective."] (https://www.direxion.com/product/moonshot-innovators-etf)
Correct. Have to use limit orders. And options simply don't trade at all. All you can do is set a virtual stop by monitoring the price constantly and if it drops to that put in a limit order at the bid price or slightly less so you know it will execute.
It does seem like a pretty complex process. To be honest I don't know if the battery switch would work massively. Maybe it'll remain a niche service in only a few locations? Otherwise just charge the vehicles like any other ev?
At what point can you notice additional comfort?  I drove my car for 36 hours straight, was comfortable the entire time.  There's this belief that BMW / Merc are great cars -- they aren't that wonderful, especially past a certain mileage.  A better "trim" or a fancy clock in your car adds zero to comfort, and adds nothing to the gym experience.  I drove an m5 for a few years, id take the equivalent years model s everyday of the week.  

Then again,most people who post about the Euro car makers vs Tesla haven't owned both.
Just buy the whole company and restructure it. Its cheap
[deleted]
fuck i’m all in
It’s the retard trading platform
[deleted]
I really enjoy Luckin actually
Its pretty hard to predict vxx or uvxy. They are designed to bleed value. But vxx is a derivative of spy options. It is equal to the move implied by the calls/puts bought on spy. So if vxx is 20, traders expect a 20% move either direction. Powerfully unpredictable shit but i guess it does have support levels and if u have calls at the right time, u rich. I lost bout 6k playing vxx tho. Im out
Wat in the world? Wat was the original post
Who delivers burgers this early?
This is the way... But if your hard up for some physical activity then the guy below with the FedEx response is solid as well as ups. Both offer part time with insane upside and also some serious.downsidr but the downside tends to be just "more" work if your good and up for it with now extra benefits other then more hours.

 Used to work ups hard core at Boeing field international for ups.
Even warrent buffet would call that allocation actually retarded
markets aren’t that easy besides that news is already priced in
Fuck Citron
Just get that money back and go agane.
What does it mean by ‘1 supplier per platform’?
What does it mean by ‘1 supplier per platform’?
Not bad - you still have $150 though
R/smallstreetbets
Literally lol
[deleted]
Paper account.

Show proof or ban.
TIL there is a new Direxion ETF called MOON with serious meme potential. 

Contains SPCE, NIO, CRWD, PLUG etc.
I think the funniest thing I ever saw here was someone complaining for the 3rd day in a row their Robin Hood app would glitch at 4pm.
You're going to miss tomorrows rally!
Wait where’s the part where you double it before you lose it all?!
But We DO have the leverage to moon solo
Student loan debt has way higher rates than car loans dubt
[removed]
1. Read the posting guidelines.

2. Read the FAQ that has brokerage recommendations.

3. Piss off with your questions until you have something meaningful to contribute.
The problem is, even on nights when I binge and chase females and stay up until 4AM, I still wake up at fucking 9 and feel like I'm going to die.
Why on earth do you think it is okay to lose a trading account, go out, work hard and refund the account! That is the most fucked up thing about traders, I dont just get it.don't
There seems to be a positive correlation between using Robinhood and losing money
Shame most of this sub can’t actually read.
Pretty sure 1r0nyman is the king ([story](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ahy7dy/the_legend_of_1r0nyman/))
お名前は何ですか? 

S0ftbank Has Touched NlO

Its Supper Effective, NlO Fainted
Sell action was unwarranted as info used in the hit piece was cherry-picked to further Andy's agenda for the day. He played on noobs involvement with the stock and their anxiety for price swings especially those in 0dte calls. If you go back in the messages on the forum you'll see a dramatic uptick in Bear posts for NIO on Thursday. No mention of XPEV or LI which are smaller players that ran exponentially more. Coincidence? Doubt it. Why short before ER when if his thesis is correct would Net him more Downside profits by letting it run further Friday and Monday? He had a sizeable position in 0dte Puts for 11/13. I dont doubt he went Long for ER now. 

My thesis is EVs are the new Tech Revolution with Deadlines already in place by China and 1st World countries for emission control. This runs Hard from here on out.

NIO $200 EOM.
What boring weekend, and this thread was pretty dead all weekend too only thing I kept on reading was some retard moving to Florida cause he kept fucking posting it every hour
Thanks!
See ya next week bud. If there’s a paycheck, there’s a way
Until there's no more IP to be stolen, or you're dead because they forgot something important during the data theft (see: chinese f35 knockoff).
Sounds like 🌈🐻talk to me
Definitely the wrong place to be posting non-autistic stuff like this. $NIO calls on Monday!!!
What is your passion? Is there one?
Is it me or are you super excited the market opens back up Tomorrow?
Imagine trusting RH with this much money.
You could sell far OTM spreads for pretty low collateral. It's a real fucking grind with a small account, though, and you can still get blown out. But check it out, might as well know multiple strategies.
Rules 2&3 don't really jibe much with each other. 

You could always sell drugs though. Sounds like that checks most of your boxes
With a bullet
Like what
RKT had an insane run up, PLTR is just getting started peak FOMO this week. Remind yourself
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Go to nofap sub...stop watching porn and masturbating for 60days
Are you attractive?
Thank god she sounds like a prude. Total recall plz sir
[deleted]
Good on you, go get that dough!

And I hope you keep to your word: [https://i.imgur.com/SEY4PWP.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/SEY4PWP.jpg)
It will sink
The concept of the book is amazing. Hill combined the greatest minds at the time and put it into one place.. simply amazing.
Dude stop feeling sorry for yourself, its pathetic. Do something with your life.
Looks like you were killing it for 2 days
Just scream REEEEEEEE and run into a wall a few times. 

Much love.
You might be on to something but I feel like you need alot more research into it to see how it moves. Big name people talk about all the time but I just can't get my head wrapped around how to trade it yet. Soo good luck and best wishes.
https://www.space.com/virgin-galactic-suborbital-spaceflight-november-2020

Test flight scheduled for November 19-23rd, however they might have to move it 2 weeks because of the state health mandated restrictions put on place this weekend.  

Either way a excellent company and this test flight if successful will result in FAA licence to fly passengers to space.  The first flight being Richard Branson this winter.
Cramer on monday: buy buy buy

Cramer on tuesday: rally getting too strong i dunno about this guys....
[deleted]
Bought NIO for the first time at 42 when I saw it dropping Friday afternoon. Only bought 34 shares but I figured I’d take the opportunity. Hopefully that was a smart decision.
PLTR is the new pump
"He won because the election was RIGGED"

Doesnt entirely sound like he is giving up yet, but I am calling he throws in the towel this week
What’s a good course to learn to build hedges?
Bent over the prison kitchen bench.
Ya Allah, did you mean to visit r/MuslimNoFap? In challah you will be victorious.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
This must be the most retarded thing I have read on this sub, and that's saying a lot.
This is what you would call a bath.
Hey dick head I’m asking what am I missing. Thanks
Virgin index?
What do you do in your spare time?
FUKD
Wow you’re so smart you definitely won’t lose all your money let us know how it goes
I’m going to scalp shares of spce in anticipation of their rocket launch but I’m selling at 4-5% gains
You are very regret
Sweet only 9hours 33 minutes left till futures open
Might get stuck there somewhere, dont wanna risk it.
What the fuck you lying, why you always lyin, stop fucking lyin
Make HYLN great again
Just look at DKNG. Motherfucker got REKT over the course of a month after being 50ish.
So I just discovered uvxy can someone tell me why we wouldn’t trade this weekly with calls and puts? November 9th drops to 12 based on vaccine hope November 10th up three based on spike in covid casss and potential lockdown. What am I missing?
Cheaper to eat glitter imho
Who the fuck knows, it’s your hobbies. If you think you’d enjoy wood work, gardening, photography, there it is. And if you learn to create anything sellable you can go through Etsy or whatever. If you don’t need the money why have someone telling you what to do and controlling your time. Unless you need someone pushing you else you gonna be on drugs all day or smt.
Tailor. You'd be surprised how good it pays especially u work for customized design.
She might be into it fam and if not you could say you were being sarcastic in response to her comment. If she wasn’t hot you wouldn’t be worrying so don’t worry about it because she is hot
COVID vaccine printing machine also prints tendies
 PLTR is taking our side of freedom and democracy. It feels much better when you're also making money.
Legit anything but rh, but since this is web RH or u gey
Prisonsexx, we’re all sure it’s a “girl”
market opening up red on Monday.  not huge red.  just like 1% or so.  enough to make me tendies on my spxl puts
Maybe click the free stocks button at the top?
You gotta be the guy who lives across from the high school
Nothing is priced in. Markets react however they want and then we write headlines that attempt to make sense of it.
I know I didn't.
I mean I have Jan 2022 so I can stomach the worst-case scenario, but still, I'm on my tippy toes if we hit 100.

JD saved my account once, let's see if goes that way again.
Sitting on a chair interacting w wood sounds like a regular saturday
He’s definitely happy then. Question is are you?
🤡
Ban
Idk man, I don’t run one of these businesses. But if I did, I’d be hesitant to hire the dude who says he doesn’t want to be on his legs more than an hour a day.
Morals have no place here
[deleted]
What a cringe instinct 🤢
[deleted]
Martha's not real, honey. We have talked about this.

*quick get the knockout syringe before he loses it again*
Damn, and I thought I understood how the mortgage cycle worked. Doesn't better health = more work = more likely to finance a home? I mean sure these people prey on them NOT having money but most people aren't likely to seek out RE in the first place if they don't have some kind of wealth.
https://texasweedsyndicate.com/edibles-recipes/cannabis-lollipops/. This is the recipe I used to start making edibles. Yeah it's sugar but if your stopping the alcohol it helps plus depending on the mold you use(https://www.hobbylobby.com/Party-Baking/Baking-Supplies/Candy-Making/Hexagons-Break-Apart-Candy-Mold/p/46364) this is the mold I used to mine. The small size ment I could take a pack of ten with me and eat them throughout the day to help with the withdrawal symptoms and never get too fucked up. I made my extractions using shake and ran 3.5grams of product per batch. If your using the alcohol quick wash method for thc extraction you can get 3 runs out of each batch with each run being slightly less strong then the previous. I used to use a coffee warmer to cook off the alcohol but have found that in the fridge for a few days does the same thing without having to expose the tincture to excess heat which can turn your precious thc molecules into thc-a making it more sedative. Takes some working with and experimenting but I bet you can get it down. Best wishes homie.
[deleted]
Yeah, I doubt biden winning is priced in...
Same, they’re gonna kill and this Asian trade agreement gonna make it even better
Guess which company happens to sell exercise bikes in Germany 😈
Mmmmmmm, rich kid tears! 
Ohhh, the tears of unfathomable sadness, mmm, yummy yummy you guys!
THAT.
It’s just from people who haven’t been around as long... fuck’em
Heeey I’m moving to Orlando tomorrow! Dr Phillips area
It would be funnier if she is in wsb following some meme stocks and finding this post.
If you don’t need the money then get one or more hobbies, not a job.
Daily reminder that [brrr.money](https://brrr.money/) exists

Glory to Jerome's printers!
You were broke in the first place... nothing changed.
100 call. Are you fucking retarded?  Gamestop 2.0 never got above 60 during the last 2 console launches.  Now you think Gamestop will moon while the shift to all digital accelerates?  Classic WSB
This sub is full of 5th generation trust fund kids blowing their allowance trying to impress poor people. 

It's pretty pathetic, not as pathetic as being poor, but certainly not something to aspire to.
B b but my wife will be here to pick me up. She said. Msrtha? MaarthhAAA??
Smaller yolo subs are the actual dying ones, you 10k whales are showing us poverty folks up.
I have 0 holdings in NIO. I just don't like when people are delusional and/or spread wildly inaccurate information that can influence others.
Not sure if vaccine/virus news getting better is actually good for RKT
very true and thats the  main risk

BUT earnings are close so you can probably get in and out quick like a thief in the night if you get lucky and we dont get any big vax news in the next week or two

i think the pfizer headline was the big one i really dont see it dropping that hard again till after ER
Such a shame JD gets so little attention compared to BABA.
[deleted]
Ironically they protect your interest and your capitalistic way of life. Also ironically CCP wants to destroy it so it's fair, I guess?
[deleted]
Are they the leaders of the tech, or is it quite a competitive industry rn?
Should have just stopped at I am retarded
NIO puts and BABA calls
I liked how he is all about building confidence and believing in yourself. If you believe it you can achieve it. The way he writes is just very to the point. It may have just been the way people wrote back then, but i like it
you're right - because that's what i do when i watch sports.
Im also getting a phd and working 60hrs/week.
I like doing stuff so im not bored.
Oh and checking my investments and speculations is a big time waster also.
I also enjoy gardening / keeping my orchids healthy / i make some terrariums when I have too much free time and I give them to loved ones/family/friends
I want to see my poo sparkle.
See you on Monday
Agreed, but do you really think hes going to fuck BABA long term over this?  No. Look at how trade war played out with trump...he was firm but calculated.  He didn't want a long term tic for tat.  He will make his point than move on, and control the narrative to spin as his victory.  Unless Jack Ma makes a spectacle, I think this goes away by Dec.
He chops for one hour every day
It breaks my heart a little every time I see some accusation of us doing something underhanded for pay being upvoted. Couldn't accuse a less tainted group.
That’s just how the timing worked. Sellers closed on there own house Wednesday and needed time to move
Losing that 5k will teach you more than your entire college education.
[deleted]
[deleted]
my ps4 controller won’t connect to my phone. is this ps5 only?
[deleted]
Can we see BABA 280 next week?
Big fad in Dubai.  

Seems kind of dumb unless you want to see your poo sparkle
[deleted]
I’m heavily into Baba too but only through stock since I’m a pussy from r/Investing. May we print enough trendies to last us through the long quarantine and may you print enough to last you a lifetime
Thanks buddy
hawks missing all of their good corners.. in an already pathetic pass defense. goff gonna throw all over them today
E Trade blows cock. Robinhood for sure
With no experience, RH will let you yolo on options. Simple as that.
RCL is the play I guess. Literally a live feed of them cruising rn  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d11qKztvBAM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d11qKztvBAM)
I told the hot girl at my work to stop coming in late and she said "kiss my ass!" So instinctively I said without thinking "sure if you're offering!" I think I'm fucked on Monday 😔
How the fuck are you even proposing a physical job like wood chopper or gardener if you won’t stand up more than an hour a day?
Thanks buddy. I’m only an hour away from Tampa. Gonna be hitting up the hard rock for sure. Tampa is actually where I’m going to end up living long term I think. South Florida I’m done with though. Lived in boca for 6 years. Not my thing
Do u think nio will continue to drop on Monday or has everyone realised citron dude is a dufus.
i actually feel sorry for you
Gay conversion therapist.
What is going on through your head right now? How can you ever have motivation to keep going after this? u/options13

I can't imagine how devastated I'd be if I lost everything I've earned for the past years.
But hotdogs are such a shitty sausage, bratwurst, lamb sausages, the polish thing, lapchung, etc. are infinitely tastier...
Welcome retard. There are a great many ways to reach 0 ASAP, and Robinhood is certainly the cheapest option to reach 0.
[deleted]
Robinhood did this guy a favor
Hey bud, we all smoke a little too much weed and snort a bit too much coke.. Plain and simple we can’t read this shit. Calls or puts? How much and when?
in japan everyone trades, USA is just lagging behind
Wsb is dying. Posts about 15 shares of a company? 🤡
[deleted]
(￣^￣)ゞ
Little sensitive on a Sunday morning? Must have calls... good luck
I'm actually looking to buy into ZM when the MRNA news hits this week.
[removed]
[removed]
Covered calls are pretty sound investment tbh
[deleted]
option contract fee's are pennies on the dollar compared to improved execution.
[removed]
Thanks bb 😘😘
I’m so bored I just looked up your comment.  Do it job...typo.   Hilarious.  Jesus we are all doomed
Was thinking the same lmao
Mines kinda look like this 😬
I didn’t want to come out trust me....but I could see it running out of gas right away. PFE themselves sold off lol!
GRWG - The Home Depot for MJ companies
What are we pumping next week, still on PLTR and NIO
Wsb literally does not have the leverage to do that. Nice try though.
Down 10k and this is the bet I’m making to get it all back ( sell before ER ofc )
Then I guess you’re fucked man.  Time to just crawl in a hole and die I guess.
R/usernamechecksout
>Autist DD: China big country, JD big company, JD earnings will be good. Positions: All In JD $80 calls 11/20

Pretty much.
Look on the bright side, your phone is still at 70%.
PLTR shares and sell calls and puts
I’m inclined to agree with you but I fear any additional positive vaccine developments will send this thing crashing back down 20% again...
You're posting on wsb you probably have a spare 10 minutes
[deleted]
[deleted]
For some reason Reddit won't let the image load, check the PDD dd there's a good graph on this.
man trade demo until you know better
No sorry I meant a one in 5 or 10 year buying opportunity.
Do nothing then.
Cheers to growing up and not being able to sleep past 8am anymore. Can’t believe I used to sleep until like fucking 2pm back in high school lmao after a night of binging and chasing females
[deleted]
Besides, Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Alright now R. Kelly
Well, now we can proceed to pump on Monday. I can already read the CNBC headline: “Markets surge higher on Trump accepting election results.”

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1327956491056279552?s=21
Who moves on a Monday
Take a bath with a plugged in toaster 👍
Damn I didn't know he died
[removed]
LIT got dumped lmao
One star review, they said this app was about making money!
Wow. Hope your kids have the best care
One of them but this is the easiest one.

Imagine you have a coin for up and down spx for today. You clearly have an opinion on the direction which is mostly true. So you can tape one side (the opposite youre want to bet on) of the coin and flip it 100 times. Then make an average and bet on the result.

You do that all the time and apply the double strategy. But on the free market you have the option to also double your leverage so you will have a huge numbers of tries which makes its impossible to hit on the wrong side.
Honest WSB might carry this baby to the moon! because it sure as hell isn’t getting there on it’s own
You think everyone in 1929 had a robinhood acct or something?? 🤣🤣
Childcare too expensive
$ROPE
I bought PLTR based on WSB hype, just like when I bought RKT and lost a few grands. 

WSB you never disappoint me.
1929: In fact, only approximately 10 percent of American households held stock investments and speculated in the market;
Lol it's all bullshit. Have "low dopamine" watch porn. Porn doesn't cause low dopamine the science is bullshit.
Just call me pimp daddy crust 😎
Holy shit bro
No Shit Captain Fucking Obvious. 


Mods ban his ass for not posting positions!
Should have just invested in Apple and became a dividend queen you moron.
The fuck though, millions of people die every day, throughout history. People acting now like COVID created mortality. Get a grip.
Thank you for making my 30k loses feel better.
Fuck yea you will, godspeed retard
Sir this is a home for mentally challenged children. Let's get you back to your room.
Now THIS is a spicy meatball 🤤
The number ans frequency of these posts is disheartening.
[deleted]
u got Eem dad
Everyone is doubting the Seahawks and the Texans to win today sure their defenses are absolute trash but they’re both the overall better team in their matchups today right ? 

Idk but I need them to both win today or I gotta start looking for work behind a Wendy’s dumpster
maybe if it was Luckin Tea they'd have better...luck...shall we say. Chinese don't know shit about coffee
I'm in quality assurance in pharmaceutical industries.  
Send those 10 bucks to some autism foundation, I'll be happy to match it :)

Also, I am obviously aware of my fortunate circumstances regarding money. Just wanted to chime in that even being just a quarter of a century old it's quite possible to make enough given you find your spot in those high paying industries.
I love you cashflow, I some how always end up reading your posts. I gotta place in Tampa and Fort Lauderdale take a ride one day and we will yolo on some “working college ladies”
There's not even any games for it lmao
[deleted]
Imagine of you put that all into ETF'S
It is a cinematic masterpiece.  Night and day from Rambo 1.  But damn does he fuck some of those dudes up in hilarious ways.
When is the Orlando wsb meetup?
enjoy your move!
You know, in China it's retailing for 2000 USD + on Chinese eBay.
He did Intel, Nvidia, and SLV calls according to his history
Is that the one where you put half on red, half on black each time and just collect the free drinks until 00 hits?
Losing too much sleep over these NIO calls. Shit better moon
Even if you flip your screen you still lose
you mean crypt-O
Go webull now 💪🏻
How do you have time for all that shit?
I can't wait for fucking JD earnings.
Im so close to the 25k to be able to daycare

This could be the week I do it 

Next stop 100k
So Germany might have restrictions for 4-5 months says Economy Minister. That must put pressure on Dax. People will have less to put in stocks and are in more need of cash. So, bullish I guess.
Jim Cramer on Thursday: market is too bullish

Jim Cramer on Friday: we going to all time highs
Naw, rent is due this week. This is just my entry investment.
Not talking about the future of oil to be fair, only short term price driven by vaccine news and less restrictions next year. Anyways guess I am fucked.
Some of the music was alright and well yeah.
What is your favorite principle? I like when it talks about you have to be cold blooded in order to be persistent in what you are trying to accomplish.
[deleted]
I have tons of those is my yard
[removed]
Rap? More like crap amirite
$24.53
These kids paying $1,500 for a PS5 that retails for $500. Some things never change.
I always thought that book was bullshit
Valuable thank you
Upvote if you made money on Nio this week... downvote if you lost
Dude you could have just given that money to me I could have paid off my mortgage AND paid for another house IN CASH.
You want momentum more than a pullback then
Take a trip to Orlando
If after all this, you think these are the key takeaway lessons, then you really should not be doing this at all, ever again.
Like wtf.. are these screenshots fakes or something? Can people fake these by just making withdrawals or something? I see this stuff here far too often to imagine that its real people losing half a million casually in a year like this. It boggles my mind.
[deleted]
I new to the stock market but when a stock is 0,00 dollar, can you buy it or is it closed. How does it work?
whats your strategy ?
I think I'm going to open a small position just cause of this.
It’s easy just go $100->$40k->$100k->$400k on yolos to get it all back
Hear that bro.. the only thing TD doesn't have on RH is that fancy graph telling you all the time intervals.. which maybe is a benefit because i have to go into account management on the website to see how much i'm truly down YTD.. and since thats too much work, out of sight out of mind baby!
Hoping for a $FSR pullback tomorrow. Would like to jump into some Dec 21 calls.
“I can’t believe Robinhood made me do this!”
Oh buddy ... I don’t think you’ll be the one doing the fucking ...
RH app is rated for ages 4 and above.
Did he owe the bank $5k? The lowest one can go is it?$0?
>I ruined my dopamine system with **adderall.**

FTFY

the solution is stop taking it
*I’ll say it because no one else will* pop smoke is trash and only got famous cuz he died
Did he really?? I’m checking that out
Napoleon Hill. 'Think and grow Rich'
Good morning degenerates. Get that Sunday bread 🍞
Came here to say this. This is the same as saying the video game is cheating. Guess that’s why he’s in wsb.
Find a hobby, man.  When you find something that you’re interested and passionate about then time will fly.  If/when you feel the interest subside then find a new one...you’ll be building skills, having fun, and you may just find a job/business opportunity at the same time.  

Love what you do and you’ll never work a day.
🐻
lmao
Spy puts
To restart, click on that Free Stock button.
Ny is fucked
Good on you for realizing how porn affects you. It affected me the same way and I'm 5 months clean. Will list my main sources of dopamine:
-running
-reading
-lifting weights
😳😳😳
[removed]
[deleted]
Put your phone down facedown and then pick it up and see if the screen changed
[deleted]
Hit that free stock button
Beat cheeks bro
I thought it was quality. Did you know he kept putting out albums? I forced my wife to listen to one earlier
Looks like you went full retard for 5 months.
My sister pays for it.  I pay for Hulu, Netflix.
You’ll recover man. I lost a lot of money recently but I’m staying positive and working hard everyday. 400k would change my life right now much like anyone else but it’s not that much when you aim for the highest earning potential and focus on your lifetime earnings
Thx bro. Hope i can pick up a few wins too. So much money gone on rh i had to blow it up
Well, Cheney is slated to run foreign policy...
thermodynamics
your bootleg gold is welcomed here
Idk how any of you pay for that service. I know it’s cheap, but I got through all the nostalgic shit I wanted to see and now there’s nothing new. I just fucking hate giving my money to an evil corporation while I receive nothing in return.
Maybe stay in a dark room for 30 days and emerge a new man
Learn to meditate. Play an instrument. Learn to code. Start a dropshippimg business. Learn a new language. Stop being lazy
[deleted]
It was a countdown. Tomorrow is the big day you little bitch
Yeah those carb cravings are rough. Drink, doordash, nap, repeat. Unfortunately weed doesn't help me. I'm about a liter a day myself... Good for you bro. I'll get there I hope.
Go outside and explore, get a dog.  Vitamin D from the sun will help your mood immensely.  Do some calisthenic exercises and set goals.  Most are achievable in a short period of time, and then it feeds off if itself
Well done! Nio stock price target is [$550! 😉](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak)
Next OP will be talking about how Tankers are the steal or the century.
Sucks how after season 1 they stopped showing the wife's titties
Probably on the spectrum to be honest.
Listen no chance I’m right here, but I really see this company raising money even after that drop on earnings day. I think them doing a share offer is definitely coming. It will probably run up hard on Monday too they would be stupid not to do another share offering.
lets be honest with all these new lockdowns zoom is gona fomo back to $500 before ER hits
Who still remembers all the Stimulus doom and gloom in CNBC by people like Cramer? I am surprised no one has called them out on the that. We almost had Q without it and no one of their predictions came true. 

Can we accept the fact that consumer spending & savings increased not because of first stimulus bill but because people aren’t traveling for work and aren’t going on vacations. Couple that people savings thanks to refinancing due to lower rates and people taking advantage of rent deferral (yes bad for landlords but that’s different story). One of reasons to be bullish on economy as long as we don’t have lockdowns.
Says can only read a book 3 hours at maximum. Half this thread haven’t read a book since they left high school
Stop posting this
$300?

Did you get a mortgage on your shopping cart?
still better than 90% of other shows
Me too. But my 20k fell off a cliff in sept. It will rise loke a phoenix from the ashes
How on earth is his chart the exact opposite of the covid pump?
I'm no expert, but I think you're doing it wrong
It’s about viral load. Mask reduces spread and protects you too. You’ll interact with the virus but so long as it’s minimal quantity, people will survive. If you come in contact with large quantity of it, you will get wrecked. 

Also, hospitals over flowing is a real issue. We have some of the best hospital in the world so we can treat people. But once we are over capacity, deaths will sky rocket.
Try a hobby man! I got into aquariums and like it a lot. My dogs help me keep me company when the mrs is not home 
Smoking weed is a good past time also
400 shares balls deep in this one.
There was this great thread from an ICU doctor on Twitter talking about people would come in super sick from COVID but still wouldn't believe in it, and would scream about how it was a hoax until they were put on the ventilator. We're doomed as a society
[deleted]
Yeah man it drove me up the wall on RH when it came to cancelling and replacing orders.. especially on a high volume contract where the price changes so much in real time. You can just sit on an order close screen in TDA and watch the price change in real time and wait and make a move.. it's just all much faster.. check out youtube vids to layout your sht.. youll pick it up in no time
[deleted]
Google Lou Bega
Mistake one was being 100% in options, you fucking moron.
Guys Im moving to Orlando tomorrow. Pretty excited. So much more going on there compared to where I’m at now
Oil, lol
You just posted using screen time saying you want to stop using screen time , grow some balls and have some will power you retard
Just buy [Nio](https://youtu.be/NyNOiLDz3ak) and you will be fine 😉.
Casting couch
[deleted]
Really? Fuck I mean the death of millions of people and the utter destruction of the economy is one thing, but it’s also cause Billions to be delayed?? That’s the final straw
Season 3 onwards sucked
I hope whales will return bigly in Summer. We miss em.
Jesus fuck man benzos to help the withdrawal. I mean I know they do this in medical setting but both or harsh. My self cute for cutting alcohol just over a year ago was to burn through about a half ounce of weed a week to stabilize and slow down any alcohol withdrawal systems cause I was over 1liter of booze a day. Then I switched to edibles to deal with working times snd after a couple months I kicked the edibles and weed habit and went clean. Watch out for the sugar cravings cause they come on HARD from the sugar alcohol's. Best of luck chief.
Masks aren't 100% effective. If it makes you feel any better I wear one. Anyway I'm just saying they have their reasons.
[deleted]
It dropped 5% and then had a 20% run in the next week.
I started two MONTHS ago lol. Just Google it on investopedia
What a worthless fact.
2020 youtube rewind gonna be lit
...how do you lose so much on robinhood? How long did it take to accumulate that much? Sorry im new here
Your mind is telling you no, but your body...your body’s telling you yeah.
Get a job
How is a 1.6% tax worse than 20-30% capital gains?
ok blame the platform retard
Lol you were still broke when you had 5,340.53
That is EXACTLY the same problem I currently have, only I blow it up $100 at a time. I think I'll start doing the opposite and see how it goes.
Good luck to us both, 110k total position.
[removed]
[deleted]
One of the mods is trying a new automod rule where DD gets stickied.

Can you go five fucking minutes without accusing us of trying to fuck you over?
Puts on society. Damn.
Go around schools, parks , talk with kids offer them candy.maybe park your car nearby. you will have the satisfaction of doing some good
fucking corona delaying the rest of billions season 5 forever
Bro i am convinced rh is making more on filling orders 'commission free' than other platforms that charge a fee. Rh will give u a wide bid ask and im sure alot of people dont change the bid. Could lost 10$ per contract right there. Ridiculous
More shots = more sleep
[deleted]
tequilla SUNRISE
I’ll let him take it first
They probably lost it all at this point. Would have been better off going to the casino and playing roulette.
Two of the most important questions get answered today.

Will we crash and What will Nio be at
Go slap her ass for us
Sure, some people have made 100k off a dumb FD before. Or a guy who made 20 bags off Tesla calls. But anyone who continues to play will eventually give their gains away. The only winners are the people who walk away after winning a jackpot. But we're all degenerate gamblers here, so that doesn't happen.
Seriously; the biggest thing they put out on Disney+ since The Mandalorian: Season 1 was The Mandalorian: Season 2.
Also lost that contribution room
Why is it that my body always wakes up around 7:30 after tequila shots? I want to go back to sleep
More fuk tomorrow, NIO call holders or NIO put holders? And why
That would leave OP 13 hours, 59 minutes,  and 30 seconds of free time
1-800-GAMBLER
Thanks to you I am deleting Reddit
It's amazing how little content disney pushes out
I didn't. I'm chode deep in NIO calls
Deal
You don't try to help other traders you jerk.
Has anyone here ever eaten something with a gold leaf on it?
Asking for a friend, should they keep holding NIO 20 Feb 45C? Or dump at market open monday?
What the actual fuck? Autism at its best!
Can we go full PLTR meme stock this week?
Wait a second. Are you guys saying that the market exists outside of Robinhood? I’d like my blue pill now.
Go fuck yourself.
Just woke up and I’m still drunk
https://collider.com/wandavision-release-date-disney-plus-2021/

WandaVision launch on Disney+ moved from EOY to January 15, 2021.

At least there's finally a date.
Bear
You all seen Rambo: Last Blood? It’s the fifth Rambo. Little know fact: it was directed by Lou Bega and he wanted it to be called Rambo #5
Let's turn this stonk into NIO
Thanks. Legit stuff in WSB? Hopefully, a few retards will turn off their cartoons and read the full thing. Pretty solid advice for people looking to genuinely try harder to make money.
Do you know this involve real money ?
[deleted]
I think I'm with you. This will be my first option ever. I'll be buying just one contract, as I do not understand all theory of options yet.
just short DOW for more exposure to b00mer stonks
Literally gonna close at 50 just to fuck every option holder.
I have a hot girl in my bed at 652 am and I'm out here in the couch sipping whiskey refreshing this thread.
ToS is awesome once you learn how to use it well. Executions are great too. Only thing that sucks is the fees. I’ve racked up 5k this year because I trade a lot of spreads and 10+ contract blocks.
you a fucking commie or wtf is siberia about?
Masturbate
That was driving me nuts having ro go to the underlyings page to replace an order. Easy to lose track of orders. I made a td but having trouble linking my bank for whatever reason. Def looks way different but maybe thats a good thing haha. Lost too much on rh anyway
80% in cash seems super conservative though. OK, you got your emergency fund, you got some money to buy the dips, but why would you let the rest be eaten by inflation?
The reuters quote is a nice touch too
I sold TSLA at its top years ago. Bought in at 27 a share, sold at 90 a share when it reached its top. Haven’t checked its chart since.
POWER ETRADE .. UI is great, ETRADE is trusted and cheap, and too big to fail
Hey bro I love this I seriously want to use it. People keep bringing up this big market crash (one should come were up ten percent on nothing) and I keep telling people without a catalyst gammas just gonna keep rising. Insiders have sold, smart money flowed out, and institutions are now shorting tech. Nothings gonna stop retail from buying every little dip and loading up with calls though.
Oh found one. No one is making you stay indoors for 5 years. Literally have not even heard this from any of your kind before 😂 0.2% is over 1.3 million dead. 1.3 million people deaths that could have prevented. If I told you, you could save even 1 life from wearing a mask would you do it?
everyone is ONE good options play away from 7 digits that can passively finance most lifestyles with dividend payout
Monday in Australia.. Tuesday in Mars
I feel this comment. After a while, it’s like... oh wow. You’re so edgy. Omg you’re really pushing the social transgressions to the limit. So impressive. Wow.......              -_-
I used crayons to prove that my pillow is going to have a larger market cap than Ford
You sound like a forex promoter
eat sleep F
Stop buying 0DTE SPY Puts then
Drink
You just described 90% of this sub after NIO tanks on earnings.
sleep more
Just ask your dad for more money.
This is better than porn
When are you homos selling NIO calls 11/20? Tuesday at close?
stupid to put every dime i own into nio stock?
What is this app?
[deleted]
💦💦💦
Do you not support diversity and inclusivity? RESIGN.
[removed]
you were always broke my man
Welcome to the pre-pre market
Woke up after nightmares. Now alcohol withdrawal. Took benzos to even it out.
Odd bet.
This actually seems like money laundering somehow. Only way I can imagine not using rope at some point is if this was on purpose
Dude it ALMOST looks like my portfolio
2x baba synthetic stock. 01/15/2021 
aka 2x 265 call and -2x265 puts.
EZ gains when it hit 79...
Yeah man its true. A guy wanted to trade in about 15 games and the manager offered him like $25 for all of them. There were some fairly new games in the pile too. I offered the guy $40. The manager got mad and told me if you want to make a deal go outside we dont do that here.

The guy was upset so he didnt take the offer. I went back and talked with the manager and he explained why he was upset. How they lowball trade-ins cause they need the mark up to make money, and they get a performance score every month or quarter.

He told me they have no margin on New games, consoles, accessories. All of Gamestops profit is in used/trade-ins, toys and stuff like that.

As an ex car salesman I know this profit margin stuff is true  cause we sold brand new Tahoes, and Camaros for MSRP and made a "mini"(Minimum commission of $100) on every new vehicle. All your money is in used cars, unless you can sell a shit ton new cars and get a payout from the manufacturer for good performance.
Great username, I won’t be awarding you though.
lmao what were you trying to say
Did we consider the legal upvotes?
How much do you need min to go thetagang?
🤡
Get that OT baby boi
BABA was already well on the way to 1T until the biggest beneficiary of the stock fucked it up.
I had TD and RH both for a while and the order changing process on RH drove me insane. So slow and not transparent. on TD all your opening or closing orders not filled are sitting there in front of you.. you can see the b/a in real time and adjust your order in like less than a second. The interface takes getting used to but the learning is very quick. 

Is the UI as good as RH? No. Is the overall experience better if you want to trade, in my opinion yes.
Lol you made me laugh hard
# ITS FUCKING SUNDAY???
This is me too, up .95% on the year lol
And everytime they cum they produce a quart
Nothing like waking up early to start off the trading day! lets get some money!
I think it's gonna dip before it rallies. I'm nervous to buy as soon as market opens Monday
[deleted]
[removed]
Whatever mando.
Link and where?
Didn’t previous nio earnings caused the stock to dip? I’ve read something like that here, not sure if it’s true
How do all you trust fundies manage to have no fucking idea what your doing? I wish I had mommy and daddy money to blow like this. But I would have to try to do this badly
Fundamental analysis on the same price basis is just funny. Chinese companies will always be discounted based on the geopolitical risk factors perceived by international investors.
Why do we need more men in nursing?
Their earnings was double the loss. Their revenue was higher. Big difference. Considering it still took TSLA like 6 years to finally be profitable and they had gigafactory to reduce battery costs and other vertical integration things that NIO has none of, this is not going to be the case.
U have gone thru every emotion this weekend
Americans have never cared about public health. Dont know why cuz we pay out the ass for it but, yeah
Lol this is wsb and I won’t be surprise if he got the loan from a loan shark.
Glorious
Tsla dead af cuh
Perfect play...BABA will make you rich .
[deleted]
Fuck that guy. 100$ what day? I have 11/20's thinking of selling Tuesday before ER
Citron is sour, right? Citron. Lemons
Possibry
I guess I’ll have to go back to reading the WSJ.
Yes, they were overleveraged and passed the risk along to their partners: which is the larger Chinese financial industry.

Default rates are already somewhat worrying.
People tell me I'm just a business man doing business things
That’s crazy you’re a fool ! SIKE! NIO to $100 by February 2021
Some jobs will always have an imbalance
NYers, are rents/property values down in the city? If so do you think that will be offset by a property tax increase?
Let’s get ready for pre earnings mega pump
My thoughts are the same, we're close so I'm adding shares on my non-yolo account. Not sure enough for options.
Xpov
This isn't monopoly?
Imagine the smellê
Just look at their news feed. Way too innovative, not going to happen. They do have a trend of dropping substantially a few days after reporting, however. Dec 18 might be a better play so you don’t hit expiry.
0DTE, you can make a shitload. Also, the price was falling on FRIDAY. I don’t have a crystal ball to tell you what’s going to happen after earnings.
Do you guys like td and tos? Pdt violation on rh prob wont get reversed. Maybe its time to switch it up. Thoughts? Td? Webull? Seem like you get alot of info on td where rh just gets u to fomo
Lmao. Ya, blame the ap. 
That’s the problem with Americunts, always blaming someone else.
[removed]
I deposit $200 each time so I must be double not retarded!
Lol. I love talking shit on reddit
When your account is over 6 figures, 7k is a joke. Also, start the day by charting and enter only the same day. This was the safest play ever. Entered a short when it crossed.
Wile E. Coyote market.

If you don’t look down, gravity is inoperative.
Imagine not wrapping hotdogs in bacon
Not everybody is so afraid of a virus with a 0.2% death rate that they won't leave the house for the next 5 years while expecting everyone else to do the same.
[deleted]
Fundamentals don't matter in the short term...
I’m thinking of doing this myself. Quick buck
>What makes you think the federal gov will designate one company, rather than allow anyone willing to pay the licensing fees and taxes to enter the market? 

See Florida
I’m not sure. I buy and trade the day of. I’m not a bitch with a magic ball, and neither are any of you on here. You just use luck and chance is on your side when you make money overnight on a position.
[deleted]
That’s where you’re wrong bucko
If you don't go back to Robinhood, how are you going to make that 400k back?
link?
NIO... Citron sold NIO Early back at $7 then watched it run all the way to $54. He thought LI would flub ER, ride EVs down on sympathy and get LONG NIO at a lower price. LI rocked higher and he had to save his position so he dropped the Hit piece. He did this in the past to TSLA as well.

Sleezy salty dude wanted in NIO before ER at lower prices. This was made obvious as he only went after NIO days before ER which makes no sense. If he felt strongly against NIO why not wait till they give you more ammo on the ER CC and have ALL the facts in HAND? Welcome to Wall ST Sleezeball shit.

NIO $100+ Next Week.
I did the exact same thing bro. This stock is dead though
[deleted]
I wont pretend to have any idea on the short term play, but I’m holding shares for the next 10+ years.
yooooo
All you need to understand is there will always be dumb people.
Everyone knows Nio shoot up insanely and is valued at a way too high price to justify the current sales numbers etc. It's about momentum and the innovation they are striving to bring to the Chinese economy, on top of a no-risk backing by the freakin' Chinese government

I'll wait for writing a good reply until the end of the coming week ;)
AMD has worse sentiment than NKLA wtf is wrong with you retards
What I tell folks is investing in MSFT is like investing in Railroads during their heyday.
Roll the option dice guys
I just got here bby
I still wonder this about my ex-wife
Uh huh so you're saying don't do this? *furiously scribbles notes*
[removed]
He might be the king of retards: i'm in awe.
but not 100%
I’m hoping to make enough for 10 bags of nuggs! I assume that’s what people mean when they say 10 bag?
Do it. Tele-health is the future, the virus only accelerated its growth.  We’ll likely see further dips as more vaccine news is announced, so you may see an even better entry point in the coming weeks.
Slow morning around here. I always refresh this as I have my morning coffee and I’m bored. Sad.
Get it buddy. Can’t let Dale’s lawn look better than yours, what would everyone think? Be the king
When you're so poor you can't even *spell* "expensive"
Good to know - see a lot of things leaving me in disbelief
Why getting the boost? Are they producing the boxes?
Imagine next week headline: 'Xi and Ma found holding hands together in hotel'

What colour should my lambo be?
As an MBA graduate from the world's top 50 university, my smart ass will write an extensive comparison for you when I have the time.

\-6 on my first comment? I guess that's fair, I kinda replied butt hurt. Don't hurt me any more daddy, my asshole can't take it
What do you mean?
Lefties
could be worse, in the netherlands you pay 1.3% just because you have money, invested or not.
Its Sunday, you didn't do shit
Musk rat.  No not like this
Soy boys, neckbeards, cat ladies mostly
someone explain to me what 1/15 10c means? i have no clue what puts or calls signify
Not as shocking as your tongue touching my asshole but not before you deep throated a 12 volt battery
[deleted]
Shares
Yesssss, to the moon my fellow autistic warrior
Well they should, those filthy beggars, they go from port to port.
God bless you retard.
Less than 12h for futures
[deleted]
I actually did, close to the ATH of Nio at around 52.20 xDD
I will never understand antimaskers and covid hoaxers
If a person who buys at bottom would hold out on everything, he would be bankrupt 10 times over.

That is a lesson you learn in that market, i have been plus $6000 and then minus $4000 in span of 3 minutes. Take the fucking win and run.

One out of thousands of companies having a huge run is not a metric for anything, you gotta go for strategy that earns you money with those 1000 companies together, not with the one that run 2400% and only after that the whole wsb bought it or started playing it and cried last week when they lost thousands of $ on pullback.

Not to talk about that almost nobody has those thousands of companies on radar, they only become interesting for mainstream after they run up hugely, nobody here is showing any interest in thousands of companies that will run up in future, thousands of companies that will go bankrupt and get delisted.
You can recover from that. You still have at least 30 years to make that back with $5 an hour at local McDonalds.
Not on robinhood
No balls
I’m getting PTSD just from reading IV crush
Can this stuff be faked?
You tried playing 1600 calls on wal mart earnings, were in huge profits and then wondered where they all went??? And still didn’t put it in your “lessons learned” mofucka it’s called IV crush and it’s what 90% of this sub is going to do during NIO earnings this week.
Lemme guess. NIO?
What’s your plan? Be a wage slave for 40 years or what?

Use that student loans and buy NIO calls
what tag should i be i'm a retard admittedly
Well Dryships never sink. Ships only sink when the insides get wet.
All you need to do now is lose 816.24 and you’ll have lost 69,420
Global warming will cause oceans to rise. Ships live in the ocean. Therefore, more ships will spawn.
[deleted]
Ohh okay. So would it reach a stage whereby u have -ve value? I.e owing bank?
yeah i had $19 bucks left in account and threw it at these.  it's now 800 riding on the same play for this monday.  yolo.
Honest question, is there any way to protect yourself during the early premarket and late after hours sessions? Stop loss orders won't execute outside of your platforms trading hours, correct?
Yup, Ant has leveraged at least 60x according to those with deep ties in the Chinese financial industry, the market capitalization of the company collapsed considering in the private market it was trading valued at 400B+.
One word:

DRYSHIPS
I'm just commenting so the newest comment isn't 5 minutes old
Started with options in late February this year and I hedged all my options plays with share purchases. 500 on ramdo spy puts means 500 into random shares I liked at the time. So hit big some not so much.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/gcaptain the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Shut the fuck up cocksucker
Stocks can go down, but stock will eventually rises with time. You have to make sure the company you bought will stand the test of time. This is a proven concept. The aspect of playing with options have a time limit and the decay will whittle at your investment if you are not proficient or lucky.
I really hope he’s not in finance
Na I prefer my nurse to be female
The thing is, you are already up 100% if not more on calls of the same expiration date for JD, PDD, and all the other chinese e-commerce plays...
Is it true that you pay $10 per options trade in Canada?
What a shocking phenomenon
See you next week wage slave
Pfft I feel that.
Bought 23 at $2.5 sold 9 at 100%  peaked at 123% now sitting on 110% wish i stuck to it. Hodling the rest
Calls on CSPC? Sounds like you'll need some penicillin
Wait until Biden let’s the blm squad take it
You don’t feel sorry because you think they deserve to lose money? Or you don’t feel sorry because we’re very overextended and indicators are pointing to a huge fall.
PLTR JAN 2023 12.5 calls for early retirement
Says a guy who’s probably living off ramen and bagholding at -50%
Hey man get that free stock, you could be right back in the green.
Looks like the inverse of NIO lmao
With this amount of money I would have just bought a ton of stocks instead, what a waste.
One thing I'd like to add: the reason why I said October $265 calls is because look at BABA all time chart. It doesn't move like AMZN or other FAANG stocks. P/E is 28-ish which is ridiculously low for a tech stock like BABA. People are saying it's criminal and that eventually the P/E will rise considerably. I don't agree with that only because at the end of the day, it's a Chinese stock and will therefore always be discounted. I've seen one year price targets for BABA between $450-700. This is **highly** unlikely. The business will continue to grow massively but I don't think the stock price follows as fast. If the stock price drops to $250 next week, buy calls far out as close to the current price as possible. Even if the contracts are expensive, you're very likely to hit on them even if you have to wait until expiration. BABA should be back to $300 in a year, but I think the max is $350. I just don't see it higher than that. So why take the risk of buying a $300 call option (breakeven of $326.90) for $2,690 when you can buy the $265 call option for $4,140 (with a breakeven of $307.11), you know?
Calendar spreads or spread your asshole. Dealers choice
they're the reason someone is buying the SPY call from you at 2:45 Friday though.  we need more retards not less.
Dude you want to know what's crazy, back when phones first started having camera's on them en-mass, people would freak the fuck out from you taking pictures at a party on it. Like get in fights and destroy your phone level shit. Everyone was afraid of something getting posted online that ties them to a negative stigma or out getting drunk or looking high. 
Now people willingly and freely post about that like it's a badge of honor and share even the stupidest shit for everyone to see. It's kinda wild how far we have come. That fear you feel those was palpitable back in the day. Just remember that post 9/11 and the patriot act, the big alphabet groups are always listening.
Money is money.
You got your selloff last Thursday
There it is
I got downvoted a 165 times in r/publicfreakout the rest of reddit is hilarious who are these people
Yup 400k and you could run the wheel on AMZN ffs
Robinhood
I never used to believe in genetics but shit you’ve just proven that autism can be inherited
Fuck you
Someone in my group text tried coming at me for a typo, and then actually wrote the sentence coming at me, like a dyslexic cum dump.
Play TGT 165c 11/27
I sort of figured GM would reabsorb RIDE if they turned out to be successful, but I get what you're saying.
Check your privilege sir.
Of all the trades available to you, you buy puts on BUD?
Never let a crisis go to waste.
correct!!!  that is called the 2nd and 3rd derivatives
GOLD.
before the 1929 crash, almost everyone owned stocks

before the 2001 bubble, almost everyone owned tech stocks

before the 2008 housing crisis, many owned multiple homes

now, many are day trading

"History doesn’t repeat itself but it often rhymes” - Mark Twain
Elon Musk added 2 cases on the statistics
This place is so wholesome in the wee hours of the morning, I love it
Since people are traveling less (work from home, no vacation), there’s much less death from like cars, etc.
Any got XO cognac recommendations? Any tried one of the cheaper ones? The Claude Chatelier or the Fussigny?
Am I buying TDOC 2021 leaps or not you retards
We should have a Lambo meetup.
My 12/18 calls would appreciate but I’m not very hopeful tbh.... seems like a big move now. That’s like 20%
Im surprised we didnt really drill on Friday. I dont feel sorry for anyone who bought puts.
Didn’t save at the checkpoint. Rookie mistake
Yeah but in an endearing way 😂
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/14/coronavirus-walmart-resumes-metering-customers-in-its-stores.html

Walmart beginning Saturday is resuming monitoring and counting the number of customers entering its stores, to make sure it doesn't exceed capacity limits, as coronavirus cases surge at record rates across the country.
Priced in
That’s a fair point. I checked out the fees and they are straight fucking rape. I know now that people who do it are bullshitting one bad month and you’re fucked. Commissions, monthly fees, referral fees, a dollar per product sold. Fucking aye amazon.
FUCK A 9-5 I AINT THAT GAY 

(Typing this a few minutes before I leave for my 8-6 shift)
[deleted]
If he bought at 40 on Friday he is
Should have saved your game more often
10 yards is 9.14 meters
It was her boyfriend's setup. He made a good trade, once, except It went in the wrong direction too. Since then he's had a bad run. 

Your $160...

$30 tip to CJ. Strippers always overtip. He's an Uber driver, allegedly,, but mostly runs errands for strippers and sells $40 bags of meth, Xanax, DMT, and coke for the day shift girls.  They are pre-packaged in waffle house napkins with  10 yards of scotch tape around each one. He delivers obviously and has OCD (which explains the tape He puts your initials on the napkin before taping it. Every time. On the upside, he'll pick up anything else you need on the way. A cat with no name lives in his car.

$CJ gets all but $20 of the $160. Boyfriend got $40 of meth, but she doesn't know about that. He'll 3 card monte it away between the $15 for the half Gallon of Taaka vodka, $12 for two packs of American Spirits, $4 for butane, $8 for a 12 pack of Mountain Dew (CVS is pricey on the Dew), $5 for five cans of Pedigree (the dog was out with the boyfriend, who was meeting CJ in the parking lot while he smoked the last American Spirit and had to duck under the stars because a fat kid on a 3-year-old knock off electric Razr scooter sounds like the leasing office golf cart, and there have been issues. I forgot what else was on the CVS list. Some hair gel maybe, Can of pistachios. unshelled/ Listerine. 18 pack of Condoms - the assorted pack., self-tanner - the mist not the lotion.

Anyway, with $20 leftover and $10 he still had from that morning, he's got $27 to trade on ($3 to load the Vanilla Visa. They don't use the other cards because they heard the feds now run them. Also Metro PCS and Cricket. Or the Bush Family. Or Bob Saget. Somebody anyway). He bought 11/20 GM puts. They won't print, of course

It's a grind, but she's still got two or three regulars she sees twice a month for $400 per, and one gay she's been seeing for a decade, every third Tuesday, for $1k. Doesn't even do anything weird, He pushes a two-tone early 2000's Buick with Elks Lodge and VFW stickers all over the back window. That's what paid for the flat screen. 

Boyfriend is using TradingView now but he jumps around PC platforms because somebody always has a 3-month trial deal. The two of them have enough runway in front of them to have more good days than bad. They've bounced back from zero a hundred times before. A hard zero. Getting out of the county with shorts and a yellowed T that's been in a paper bag for three months zero. In November. With a broken flip flop,.

'Course that's mostly speculation.  Just ask any 48-year-old GenX autist. There were lots of them in 1999.

Happy Sunday!!!!!
Makes enough sense to me. Probably best to not ask any questions.
Daddy’s money goes quick
No seeking?
[deleted]
Yes. Because it’s Robinhood causing you to make autistic decisions
Appreciate you taking the time - and thoughtfulness - to post this.
BWAHAHAHAHA! What is this from?!?!
THIS!
Tesla is a boomer stonk now. Like we didn’t even notice KO earnings, we won’t care about Tesla anymore, Tesla is a boomer stonk retard
Still beating the 10 yr
I’d agree if I actually thought that people here knew what the VIX is
[deleted]
do this but with NOKIA. Better risk reward
Wow man, your retardation has no limits, oh wait, it has, $411,019.53
Yea but its still the future, and will get more spotlight/momentum under Biden, makes sense that it cools down after the parabolic run, but the upward trend looks still intact
I can’t sleep, it’s almost morning now
Yea I'm American but this reads like propaganda lol
I was just surprised that this otherwise clearly illiterate OP was able to drum up such a strong image in my mind’s eye

Also wtf, grandmas, hookers, everyone is day trading now.. unless the hooker here is the grandma from that other post today
Time to get up, rake leaves and step in all the dog shit I didnt pick up for the last 2 weeks
I didn’t find it in MMs, so it must be fake. MMs deliver real and factual news, since MMs didn’t reported anything about it, it didn’t existed bruh
r/thetagang/wiki
[removed]
Congratulations and go fuck yourself
Nope, it’s done. Priced in already. Red se nate means no Green new deal for the first two years
I’m not sure it’s all robinhood’s fault
Shiiiiiit
So you're a retarded gay bear. Thinks the markets gonna tank then buys naked ootm fd calls. Get a load of this guy
Just woke up. Best wishes to you
I SEE lewis hamilton 7th F1 drivers championship tying record

I LOOK on his car and i see badge of WINNERS

the amd sponsorship

su bae is proud today

AMD 100c 12/18
Eat the rich.
I know I’m gonna be downvoted for this, but

We need equality in nursing. 90% of nurses are females, we need more men in nursing

Also, 40% of female nursing students should go to tech instead to balance things out
*F-f-fake news?*
Good move. But i read in her grandma voice "I done bought more of that platinum thingy."
This is the way
Deboonked
[deleted]
Ah. I thought they mentioned something about it happening here in the states.
[deleted]
could be. It’s anyone’s guess at this point
Lol yeah that guy's pretty much top 10% income bracket if he's making just about 100k gross/year. At that point it's "easy" to save 300k in a decade when on the whole of the continent you need about 20 to 40k gross a year to get by. Most people will almost never reach 100k gross in Europe.

10 bucks he's in tech or finance.
Spy calls
god this post may be the final straw for me to gtfo of here, it really has given me the big sad

also happy birthday, you filthy animal
Wife's boyfriend says hi!
You sir are the retard
We'll see. We're already at an ATH off vaccine hopes but realistically won't see distribution until 2021, not to mention rising cases, and more statewide restrictions
[removed]
Who fucking cares doucher this is WSB, not complain about my feelings bc I’m sad and have no friends, there is a ducking pandemic, no one cares you can’t go out or slay poon. Go the wallstreetcrys sub ok 👌🏻
There are riots in Peru right now where 3 died.
Lol they all look like gamestop employees
Another legend of the famous, buy high sell low
yeah ikr really fuck off andgo for a ride in your lambo bro you made it.
So do we think ICLN/TAN are gonna have another run soon?
You think you know but you dont, god speed on your gamble
Teletubbies, you're the right age to be trading
Friday's action seemed like a typical blow off top sort of, overextended move which gets sold off, we have a big red engulfing candle, so thats shotterm bearish, likely enough people were spooked to get out if it bounces slightly monday, it probably trades within that candle, then after ER who knows
It's easy though, they're backed by China's government that has a stake in the company. And China is pushing EV like no body's business
Im retarded just like you but atleast the premium  was like .6 so meh.
Shorting tech?  SQQQ calls?
I know
Just put more in dummy stocks always go up
1. google "escorts $your_area"
2. ???
3. profit
[deleted]
I saw on /pol/ that like three people were shot last night at a protest or riot or whatever you want to call it but can't find any news on it 🤔
Where?
Good spot on the Oct calls. I have 20k on 270 11/20 rn. I planned to sell the moment it hits profit. Needed to know how this impacts it thanks.

If it plays out as you said, Monday pop then tank, I'll wait for the dip and load up the entire reinvestment on long dated 265 or 270 calls.
To much reading im just going to yolo
SoftBank pulling out of 24 tech stocks. SPY$340
Q4 earnings will be a game changer
Patience xD
Mans literally getting inside her but doesn’t wanna intrude ???
You're one of the great ones that makes thetagang possible.   Thank you for your service.
Is this really a robinhood problem??? Lol
[deleted]
Test.
280
[deleted]
what's the verdict from your wifes boyfriend?
[deleted]
BABA 300 EOW
Corbion

biodegradeable plastic is the future
China approved and announced 3 days ago 🇨🇳
Honestly? I think BABA opens green pretty sizably on Monday because of this deal...but because of regulations and CCP bullshit it will continue to fall until that's resolved (i.e. the rest of the week it probably tanks). If you're holding short dated calls on BABA, I'd take profits on Monday if there are any. I think the whole week it will be a bloodbath for BABA (unfortunately). This is coming from someone who holds 120 shares at around $265. I plan on selling if there's a big green open and re-entering if it dips below $250. I also bought a few long dated contracts and will load up on those later in the week. If you want to be safe? Buy the October 15 2021 $265 calls.
I think you are a really really sad and lonely person.
That’s just where the gap is man. I’d imagine i’ll start buying in the low 30’s if it gets there. Maybe a small starter at $32
[deleted]
I wouldn’t expect much. more restrictions isn’t gonna hurt any more than it already is anyways if you’re hotels, airlines, amc, etc. confidence in pfizer vaccine will keep the market up as long as investors feel its progressing in a reasonable amount of time
MRNA to da mooooooonnn
Wait you guys only get 2 day shipping?! That sucks
Jeffrey Edward Epstein ( EP-steen; January 20, 1953 – August 10, 2019) was a convicted sex offender and American financier. He began his professional life as a teacher but then switched to the banking and finance sector in various roles, working at Bear Stearns before forming his own firm.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Epstein 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
Ah yes buy high and wait for a return to previous high
Who is Epstein?
Night! Time for bed 😴
This stonk is going up.
The pump may be fake, but it's not finished yet.
I love wsb
Bruh, this company got a 25bil market cap LOL
[deleted]
i recommend gambling with your own money
problem with thinking that the market is against you is that it gives you an excuse to not have to become a better trader.
It's impossible for me to understand how you can be this retarded.
Cause ur gay
Winker was fucking annoying
Morning guys!
It has never been touted as an economical car though.
Fuck the retard
[deleted]
In 20 years, 5-10 years will seem like moments. I don’t know if I’d suggest tech at the current valuation, unless you invest in mutual funds like Ark Investments. But you’re on the right track opening a Roth IRA. Fully fund that for 5 years and invest, don’t trade. Look into depressed sectors like oil or growth like China.
Congrats and fuck you
He’s trying to make more money bro.
Please don't. Leave this sub for your own good and never return.
We'll have futures tonight, the premarket and the morning rush, and by then the prices will be updated to the current situation, so unless the situation worsens more than what we're expecting by 10am, the damage will be done and we'll be more likely to start rising again as people stop exiting and reenter. It's bad if you have existing positions but great if you need an entry
Your not bagholding Li.... its up atm
https://ourworldindata.org/excess-mortality-covid
For a second I just assumed you were trolling, but you're actually correct. Worth noting that using USD as a basis for quality of life is less than accurate, but still a bit mind blowing.
just hang up the call
NIO $69 by earnings. I'm manifesting this
Oh, I thought you were talking about something real.
[deleted]
How do u see it affecting BABA this week? Price u see BABA this friday?
It’s the weekend futures, selling pressure volume was so high the price got stuck for 6 hours yesterday.  Never seen that before.  Some traders I assume were just dropping dead from Covid but they also had the breakers on.
“Thanks Robinhood”
My UVXY too
Why?
My ass hurts
Suggestion: sell weeklies.
“2 calls”
Short term it should really help BABA. Long term? I think BABA is so big that they'll still benefit from this but this deal will also bring more foreign competition. That doesn't mean BABA will fall; just means less market share **long term**. How I translate it? BABA will go up short term very much (barring insane regulations that specifically hurt BABA...unlikely)...long term BABA will continue to outperform but revenue and profits won't increase as much as they could have before this deal. Will still be up because of free trade with other nations but other companies will enter as well.
[deleted]
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated!
Where are you getting futures... E*TRADE my delux account show tech down .68 then nothing
Sorry about the set back, you will get there
Aw hell
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Bears are fuck
Buying calls works until it's not.
My spy puts better print at open. Gimme more lockdoen/mask mandates
Reminds me of a chapter in Reminiscences of a Stock Operator where Livermore talks about traders trying to make enough money in the market to buy a coat. No one ever got enough to buy it. I think the lesson was that they were too focused on trying to gain a certain amount of money that they lost sight of when to sell, or if a trade was good or not. Read it, it’s a good book and you’ll probably see some of yourself in it.
Someone is specifically running up the Dow futures to spook me out of my puts at open, not falling for this, I saw circuit breakers set in and freeze the price for 6 hours last night.  In my opinion this pump is fake and MMs want to try to pull a fast one, hold steady for the real circuit breakers.
Bro how you gonna not be awake when you have an option expiring that day? That is insane of you
[deleted]
This is the way
Not really. It’s a little complex. The main point is we have to pay tax every year on our investments, the Americans can pay when they sell. 

https://www.ird.govt.nz/income-tax/income-tax-for-businesses-and-organisations/types-of-business-income/foreign-investment-funds-fifs
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9paVDx1y0A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9paVDx1y0A)
But Burry is already profitable on that trade by a large margin, think 300-400% returns.
Damn, bears are so fucking gay.
How much could I make doing this?
Sir, post this shit to r/options. This is a casino.
Can’t say the feelings mutual

https://imgur.com/a/NoQ44va
good dd ty
I always feel that these strategies/guides are really just OP writing to himself
Where do all these people get all those money to lose?
Just trying to understand the reasoning behind the market action these days.
With 400k you can already live by capital gains without taking much risk, it makes absolutely no sense to take a lot of risk if you already got that much capital. Completely unnecessary.
But you could invest in something else that in not tied to the spx. It makes no sense to sit on the usd while mr pow is printing dollars.
[removed]
And this is why I never buy puts
These VXX bags getting hella heavy
Lockdowns or not, baba is 🇨🇳 👑
Why people dont pull out? i
Re FK en tard
The only reason she gets any attention compared to other pornstars is because of her religion
[removed]
Bro I was married once no thank you never again
You're here. We're all retarded here
I wish
Just buy spy and sell 2% otm weeklies on a green day lol
Which CFD broker?
No one has made more millions on less information stop going into debt is his entire thesis. And pay off your current debt. He's made millions and millions and millions of dollars from that simple idea. You have to admire that type of carne salesmanship
still said it...
This one is too- https://theconsciousresistance.com/the-darkest-winter-2020/
Probably a similar mindset to a gambling addict where they know the next trade is gonna win big and they are gonna make all the money back
You are drinking this Anti-Intel Kool Aid _hard_ 

They have issues but you’re apparently certain they’re basically Satan
Best of luck, autist whale.
I think you need more comment karma. I upvoted you
[deleted]
[deleted]
Op is Grandma's Boy.
I would have preferred Susan Boyle over Yellen but its a fine choice too.
Depends, are you a coffin salesman?
It really depends on etf you buy there are few dividend and intl etf which are still down for the year.
I don’t think that will happen at all..?
Come near me without a mask and I’ll kick ur face in
people use tech when they sit home all day
same reason tech went down on vaccine news. people will rotate out of other sectors back into tech. so airlines, amc, hotels, etc that got a boost last week could see losses from more lockdowns and restrictions
Oh what? Can u explain please
MRNA vaccine pump
Pretty sure RCEP was approved and signed last week. U May be reading old news, or I was just reading a rumor
It appears your a dumbass and no one likes u hence the downvotes ... mods ban
y not wait tll its cheaper?
There’s no capital gains, but there’s foreign investment fund tax, which is essentially 1.6% on total annually. 

It’s much worse.
i sold puts ez money so far but im thinking it could pull back a lot more if theres any more bad news
Idk if this is entirely a joke.

Dude, we all got roped in by the early wins.

You will lose it all. You can only gamble so long till you lose. Then you will be chasing a big win just to break even. Then chasing a big win just to get somewhere near the chance of breaking even.
So for how long Elon will continue to disappoint WSB?
*SEC enters the chat*
also in switzerland.
Dumbass
How come I'm only allowed to make one comment per 12 minutes on reddit?
I have my ps4 pro as well as a 500gb ps4 I’d only have to pay like $50 plus tax. I just wanna play Cold War at 120 fps my laptop is not wanting to hold a steady 60fps for newer games anymore
YOLO on reddit awards
yellen will take over and cut rates to negative 9000 and make it illegal to not buy stock every day
If literally nothing else, this.
Lonely ass mf
I read it after your comment, but could not find anything spectacular. May I ask you to elaborate your key finding :) ?
It has ER on Tuesday. Aint no way its gonna be flat.
Y'all read that? I just read the top comments to see what the fuck I'm supposed to buy
Stock price too low IMO
Amazon fees are fucked unless you do all the shipping and work yourself. If you store it in their warehouse and let them do it you will lose money. 

But then nobody wants it from a random guy bc then they don’t get the 2 day shipping, they get normal shipping.

Unless it’s something with dumbass margins like throw pillows, you won’t make much/ might even lose money

I personally just buy things thru alibaba if I can and invest all the money I saved. Easier for me and less bs
Bro you could’ve picked shit at random & not been this bad this is actually a talent. Please tell me whatever calls or puts you do in the future so that I can do the opposite & become wealthy
[removed]
lol
He doesn’t say anything. He just prints a money blanket and snuggles in.
What if Jpow dies on Monday?
No, you're denied.
Ok whose wife it was you retards? Also where you gonna put that $160 ? I want in
You know how options work?    How didja figure THAT out?
It's called a gambling addiction and it's not something to feel proud of.
Smart 🌈🐻 brotha.
Tbh I jumped in on Nio on Friday for the memes w/o knowing shit except their removable battery system.

I JUST LEARNED NIO IS 6 YEARS OLD!?!?!? 

WTF I THOUGHT IT WAS A START UP!?!? YOOOO NIO IS NOT GOING ANYWHERE! NIO TO THE MOON!!! 🚀
Sub full of boomers.  All on Windows laptops jerking off on a zoom call.
Yes.  Sell F $8p

If you end up owning 100 shares of Ford no big deal
Amazon fuck you up. So competitive it's not worth doing unless you've got a unique product or want to shell out for ads
Fine, nothing that’s been tuned for adaptive triggers or anything that I’ve played yet. I have big hands and the new controller feels noticeably better than the ds4, I haven’t looked at measurements but I’d guess it has longer handles, I feel like my pinky was always at the very end in the ds4 and I don’t get that now.
There may be limits to it. Its confusing, it doesn't really state explicitly
Don't buy a weekly.

If you have to though.... You probably should here
Are you buying the narrative or selling it...? 🤔🤯
What does JPOW say when he’s cold
"there is no other way". 🤣🤣🤣
You’d think
You son of a bitch. I'm in. Buying 20k on Monday
LOL
[deleted]
“Reasonable PE”? Who cares about PE in 2021, are you fucking old retard?
I used to work for a subsidiary company of AES in power generation. About 90% of the employees dump their AES 401k holdings into better performers.
so many people mentiong baba....but luckly its just china dumping the stock so they can get in and profit off it going back up. Same at what happend to ZM a day or 2 before earnngs. imo
You need to see the guy who lost 1/2 million on WORK FDs.. twice
My wife is 30 and has $110,000 in her 401k, by retirement she should have 6-8M based on her investing 40% of her paycheck plus her employer match

I have $3M in real estate which should be 6-8M by retirement time 

I have about $600k in cash and about $200k in a few stock accounts and I put away $5,000 per month into QQQ and other tech names.  I’m hoping I can grow that to $5-7M as well 

If things go well we should have about $20M at retirement 

I should inherit approx $8m in stocks and real estate from my parents and my wife should inherit $8-10M from her parents in stocks and real estate. 

We’re pretty fortunate imo
Until we see a -50,000 you are not dismissed lmao
[deleted]
OSTK jan 15 calls im pretty much in the exact same situation, or just be patient and see what happens with retail,airlines and cyclical stocks
First year's free
He had like 60k and lost it, he currently still has 150 to spend that are outside of stock shares
No capital gains? Even on short term gains?

As in I could theta gang for a living in New Zealand with no taxes?!
NIO $69 by earnings
People lost money in this market? Wild
This 100% WMT may be boomer as fuck, but they're one of the safest places to park your money when Joe forgets to take his Adderall and shuts down the country for 6 weeks in January.
[removed]
How come?
[deleted]
Trump said the vaccine will be rushed to be taken in dec...seems bullish
Welcome home fellow retard
What do you mean?
[deleted]
Have you seen what happened to TSLA, NIO, PLTR, PRPL?
Lol WeBull is just full of bears. Its fantastic to see them try to justify another massive drop while the companies that they comment on just rise each day. They keep pulling screenshots of articles from their ass to justify themselves. Just be long term bullish you greedy fucks.
Everyone is hating on you, but I get how you feel bro. 

I’m gonna keep wearing masks but I find myself going further and further out of my way to do things that allow me to just be 6+ feet away so I can keep my mask off. So far long daily walks and hikes on the weekends have been pretty nice for that. Everyone stays a bit apart and most people don’t have masks on unless things get really narrow. You can get some friendly smiles going and it feels like a tiny shred of normal again.
400 dollars lost that doesn’t seem too b....oh...oh no
He thought before recognizing it'd all be priced in by 10:00, with nothing but blue skies left since the worst news had already happened.
tech going up
That and Cathy Wood buying the dip something fierce on TDOC. The green candle on Friday when it was under $180 had a lot of power.
Theres a new trade deal that was signed today, swear by it.
[deleted]
Oof
You realize AAA games are written in c++ that have this thing called a compiler?  It creates the machine code specific to the CPU.  It’s pretty amazing stuff.
Quibi called
"take profits and leave the $1,679 to let it ride you sonovabitch" is what I would have responded with to my grandma
This is sad
Goddamn legend
[removed]
Hahahahaha
There seem to be a lot of not too smart people in here. I will have a drink for you tomorrow. Long Fidelity Etfs.
You lost 20k gambling. Nice!
Yeah I guess that is true. I'm interested in meat replacements because I am concerned about long term environmental impact of continued beef farming. But I grew up in Australia so beef is a big part of my diet...

I think long term these meat replacements will definitely have legs it's just hard to predict when it's going to take off.
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This should be added as a sticky so retards can see what happens to most of us.
I'd like to know if this is a positive impact for BABA if someone can elaborate
fuck you
Surely market is tanking on Monday with all these new lockdowns and that?
The Operation Dark Winter Wikipedia page is a interesting read
Put it on strawberries, jus sayin
Jelly, no one upvotes ur dumb ass
Put in more quarters
F
[removed]
How’re the old PS4 games with the new controller?
Those crazy yeti motherfuckers roasted a damn battery lmao glory days of you tube
Whats future tech evaluation? Are they going to create a new source of revenue outside of what they have and besides the WMT plus thing?
Read and re read the above until it sinks in. Dont fall fowl to the odd person that makes good money!
Fr all the r/all normies flooded the place... no more god-tier autistic shitposting and “bloody shit so blood red day 🩸” ngl I miss winker, l2fba, 🐟🐠🐡🌴, and 💣bootleg flair💣
No
If he had 400k to lose it means he probably looks at 400k in a different way than us retards do
300c but do it for January not March. There half the cost so you can get twice as many. With more lockdowns coming the stock should go back up pretty quickly.
I did, ty man.
[removed]
That’s the one
this
what app is this
What is no seeking or whatever
You do realize it’s not Robinhood’s fault
It's Michael Scott vs Michael Burry, gentlemen. Let's see who will come out smiling in few years.
Sure it sounds extreme but there are so many layers to this problem. 

What's her mother doing in an elderly home? Why bring her out of the elderly home now of all times?

Considering how the elderly are the most vulnerable to the disease, I would gather that just visiting them in the nursing home exposes them to disproportionate risks, not just to her mother but the other old folks there too. It seems draconian but who should be liable if the other nursing home folks get COVID? 

it'll just spiral into a sob story about how she wanted to see her mom and she didn't think it would be so serious.
Um idk how to think about this tbh... this is some messed psychopath logic that I welcome
Bin laden was not Saudi...
Whoever owns wsb needs to create a trading platform with a live chat immediately.
[removed]
Winne the Pooh 100% biggest risk to all of this
Who else holding $300 BABA calls for 11/20 like an entire idiot?
[deleted]
Facts are irrelevant. 
I believe in emotions.
I would seriously $ROPE if I fucked up this bad
Yes
Horrible life outlook but okay. Under that logic, just kill your self rn? Hope you don’t actually see the world this way. There’s a difference between spending your days eating cat food in a basement and taking your happy family to the beach.
[deleted]
I'm a newbie at stocks and am trying to learn. Could you please share what other shares you're super bullish about? I'll do my dd and read about them
Should we start looking at the world breaking New recorded case as good news for the Market, in contrast to popular belief?
More cases means that there are more people going out and consuming every day.
You probably know this, but don’t gamble with money you can’t afford to lose or bags you can’t stand to hold for years (or forever even).
[deleted]
I like how the news report says “stocks close higher”, but your account......I hope this was play money.
The posts quality is fuckin trash. I just saw one with a Tim Sykes link in it. That should be a fuckin perma-ban! Mods r 🌈
[removed]
Putts!
[deleted]
Go back to sleep for another 24 hours
Who gives a fuck about random interactions with strangers???
Bro, people in this sub will tell you to buy NIO 50c, you may or may not profit with that.

In seriousness, DO NOT trade with money you can't lose. Just check loss posts in this sub, people losing hundred grands and more is common here, if you cant risk your money, don't come to trading. You will panic sell anyway once it goes red and that is a loss.
thought it was monday morning :(
🤦🤣
Up 50% in the same month and you really thought it was just gonna keep going up huh?

You’re not just dumb, you’re a straight fucking doofus.

*i have never made a profitable options play
The SL is already at it's bottom, I bought in right before the 8% drop expecting their 11/11 earning would boost them up. Shit happens, I averaged it out a bit but I'm not ready to lose it all cuz my next 3 month's rent is in there. Again, cuz I tried to averaged it out before it cliffed. Average positions are now 280.
Sometimes I post about my low five figure losses to help others feel better, and then I see some people post their six figure life-saving losses and think to myself: what the fuck dude? How? Why?
You're the target market. Vegcurious.
[deleted]
I'm sorry for your loss
... or UVSRPUWBMD for short!
how cam someone be so f-en stupid to think $600k is ALMOST 1 million dollar
Hey just think about it that way: you need to work 2 years for free to understand how less you actually earn on your jo...
oh wait wrong advise.
Whenever one of you magnifitards shouts "diamond hands baby!!1" I can feel the pain, and inverse opportunity signal.
*"Nobody likes roasted nuts!"*
Sir, this is an EZ Pawn
Lmao used to love this show
Well citadel made $800m in flow it purchased from retail order shops like robinhood so you can sleep better knowing ken Griffin is a lot richer because of u
I have a full ride scholarship I graduate in may , should I take 5.5k of direct subsidized loans and put them into alibaba calls for March? Recommend a strike
I think one more negative headline may result in 230-240 before bounce. 
Position 265-270 call spread Dec 4 exp.
I have about 80% of my portfolio in stocks, the other 15% I play around with leaps and options but mostly safer long expiry plays tbh. Don't have the balls for YOLO plays.
Come again say what
As old mate said, you can only lose your premium if you BUY options. Suggest jumping in with some small shit, you could get a cheap stock (under $50) option a month out for like a hundred bucks just to see how it works. You can read all about Greeks and shit, but watching how an option's price change as the underlying, time and IV all move around is a great  way to learn.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about Navy Seal copypastas, you little newfag? I’ll have you know Navy Seal copypastas are ranked top out of all the comments on the Internet, and they have been translated in numerous contexts on 4chan, and have over 300 confirmed variants. Navy Seal copypastas are trained in memetic warfare and are the top copypasta in the entire circlejerk arsenel. You are nothing to them but just another target. They will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this subreddit, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit about Navy Seal copypastas over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak this copypasta is contacting it's secret network of /b/tards across the USA and your IP is being doxxed right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. Navy Seal copypastas can be anywhere, anytime, and they can confuse you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with mad-lib permutations. Not only are they extensively trained in trolling, but they have access to the entire arsenal of Anonymous and will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the Internet, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. This copypasta will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
That's more than 1 month ago you autistic cuck
It's like he didn't read at all! /s
Also you are very right social media and retards use of it is a very bad thing and you need to get away from that. A lot of people are on this page.
Singles day earnings generally don't do much for the stock price historically anyway though many did hope it would help with sentiment this year.

100% agree investors (especially American) are scared atm.
Then there is your answer, the play is over. Exit now or wait for a small pop.
Meanwhile I’m depressed when I lose $20...
[removed]
You should buy that pinduoduo if it doesn’t skyrocket Monday cuz then it’s just a personal vendetta. PDD Is 1/7 the value and might sky rocket with a stamp from the emperor
Let’s hope so! I do to waaay OTM
Gingers only?

You can't have a soul to do this or what?
F
Why would they?
Dunno where you are but here in UK, a daughter wanted to take her frail, ageing mother to a granny flat at their home to look after her. Nursing home called the police to stop her, dragged the old lady out of car and put her back in the home. Where the family are forbidden to visit her.
It's a low market cap stock driven by dealer hedging because 1.6m autists were buying calls. Same thing happened with TSLA in Jan.
The Moria mines.
Comfort me about BABA, I don't care much about Toyota except that I think their 86 is pretty cool.
it would "exasperate" my point indeed
Pornhub stock?
Their sausages are good but I prefer the impossible burgers.

I'm not vegetarian/vegan though - just eat them sometimes to stay up to date on meat replacements.
[deleted]
That's why I didn't follow the trend. I'm a stupid ass broke motherfucker, I know. But fuck me if I'll invest in China, I'm buying too much shit made there already.
[deleted]
I think a lot of these EV stocks are skyrocketing because Toyota doesn’t even have any plans for a public EV as soon as they realize it’s a need for their business they will buy out stocks with their brand cuz who honestly wants to drive with a lordstown brand truck. It’s not a brand it’s just showing the big bois they’re are worth buying
Edit that was meant for the gen thread but whatevs
Based on my statistics of the replies, wsb thinks its gonna moon. I have December calls.
that "Don't repeat past mistakes" feels a lot like "stop hitting yourself" admonishments I received as a younger brother.
While this is good for BABA (and all Chinese stocks, but especially trade heavy ecommerce ones) it's unlikely to materially affect the price of BABA immediately due to continuing bad sentiment for now.

TLDR: trade agreement good, BABA go up but not until people forget bad month
You never went thetagang. With 400k you could essentially retire by going thetagang.
*taps plays on recorder*
You might have lost 400k but you got 450karma
Maybe don't use a month old account to push any shit stocks.
[deleted]
im in the same boat as you with XPEV on monday lol good luck bro 😅😂
Watch it work
POOTS!
Ma need to go and kiss the ring for us lol
240? 🤔
$240 is possible, it's worst case scenario pretty much but entirely possible. I would probably cancel your SL and hold, any drop will be short lived so as long as you don't need that money for the next few months it will come back.
I’ll give 2 cents as someone in a senior role at a large company in charge of making decisions about data analytics enterprise software. 

Palantir is the shit. Their model deals with a problem that most B2B companies aren’t willing to deal with - the fact that data frameworks don’t seamlessly transition between products and industries, making out of box solutions require expensive and slow retooling to fit your company’s needs. Palantir’s services are 80% out of box, with the last 20% finished by “forward deployed experts” that spend time onsite with the client to make sure the analytics they provide are actually usable for the client’s use case. They’ve gotten really good at this and I’m super bullish that they can take a big chunk of their 150 billion analytics SaaS market in the next few years. Not to mention they’ve developed expertise working with the Department of Defense, CIA and others so their people tend to know what they’re doing. 

I have about 4000 shares.
From youtube and I know a guy lol
Been all in on Niu since stock price was about 16. I have wondered why they are not getting more traction (don’t get me wrong, almost doubled my money by holding shares in 4 month’s) but these guys are absolutely brilliant. Their scooters are starting to pop up all over Europe with these sharing services, and on the 23rd they are going to slam their earnings. Current price is 30 ish, but market cap can definitely grow another 2-4 times in the short term. Get aboard fast though, because we are on the launchpad ready to be blasted into orbit.
Probably up. Go all in and sell your house
I am thinking of getting one, should I not?



Haven't played games since xbox 360
Is it worth buying $1000 of BABA?
As long as you can get new, larger loans you can always try another yolo. One is eventually bound to hit big
What are the arbitrary rules being introduced now?
If you just want to give away money I’m open for some charity you fucking mongoloid
Not RH fault you're autistic. It's not a vaccine.
[deleted]
short it
That sounds like my baby Nio! Soon he’ll be all grown up in his leather Trenchcoat dodging bullets and assraping Elon musk
[deleted]
really? long cosair!!!!!!!!!!!!
[deleted]
Selloff and remain flat until EOW, start rising again when the dust settles.
15-20% green
You could have just posted your 1 month chart I’m sure it’s the exact same
Chaos theory is your friend. You could have made big , gone out to celebrate and got knocked down and left paraplegic . So you are still alive and well so you are up on that alternative scenario. Remember you can’t choose to only have one outcome without getting what follows. Of you could have made big , gone out to celebrate and hooked up with a model. Yeah. There is that.
True
Restart the game
Thank you!
cheers man thanks!
You have noone to blame but yourself
If she did, wouldn’t be here on Sunday morning in sunny London UK....
Damn, im a Canadian too, 21 y/o still in college. Just lost about 30k playing with options. 20k from my own money tho. You obviously lost more but i feel the pain too brother. Im also going through some depression right now but trying to stay positive. Always here to talk about it man. Dont worry though. I also realized with a good job, you can easily make it back within a year one day.
Lose double money. Double IV crush on earnings
This aged well
[deleted]
He’s joking
and you seem like you're the kind of dumbass who prides yourself on being a "free thinker" because of your compulsive contrarianism. the type to argue with the teacher to stroke your own ego and exacerbating their alcoholism
Are there any companies doing similar stuff?  


I'd like to also invest in pump hydro dams (storing energy by pumping water up a mountain). Problem is that most such companies are private (like in Norway).
[deleted]
6.0 kg is 13.22 lbs
This was during the attitude era of wrestling. The Rock went heel. Kane debuted. Stone Cold won the rumble. DX. 

NWO was still cool
65 Krugerrands at home and some 6 kg at BullionVault
Someone please hold me tight, cover me with a blanket and tell me my overleveraged BABA position won't hit SL at 240. I need to study for finals but I'm shaking after a week of crying. Would Xi ever smile at Ma again?
Because there are young people with breathing problems, heart problems, kidney problems a 6-9 months after they recovered
[deleted]
Green then red then green. Eod down at least 10%
Let’s gooo
I was given to understand stocks only go up🤔
Someone do some DD on Canoo. Merging with HCAC in a few weeks?
I do hope that you take this time to invest in a good therapist and work out your gambling addiction. You can do this, OP!
[deleted]
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/tha_blazor the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because I'm holding shares
So basically, it would only work if you could control every action of 330,000,000 people?
*45
Does the wife still - ya know - do the thing?
Karma automotive as a $fsr?
You mean what is life without gambling? That's what we are really doing in here
RE-inversed
they’re probably having too much fun with Spider Man atm
Now do the navy seal copypasta!
Ok thanks this is my plan.
You owe no apology
Finally a ray of light in this murky casino of "options only gang! .....*1 month later* look at my loss porn"

Those of us holding equities don't have much to worry about other than a simple stop loss order if you're that worried about a dip. But for my buddy and I who haven't touched nio derivatives with a 10ft pole yet are doing snow angels in the gains we've made and it's a fraction of the risk as the options everyone's getting fucked on cause the stock isn't doing anything anyone expects it to...
[removed]
Mybe invest 2% not 25%?
What the fuck, you've been unemployed for half a year and you've been gambling away 20k? You definitely belong here.
Let’s see in my Palantir
[deleted]
r/investing
Because it is unaffected by the economy. Whether stonks go down or up, big brother needs their surveillance state. Palantir literally cannot go tits up unless something better comes along and that is not likely.
Just inverse everything you do. ez

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SclV-UWM4Gw&ab\_channel=ListenInEnglish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SclV-UWM4Gw&ab_channel=ListenInEnglish)
Real question: what happens if you sell too much options and u get them assigned in excess of your buying power? Does it auto liquidate on opening on monday? Or do u keep it and just pay interest on the borrowed amount?
wtf. just tell us if alibaba will go up or down. english please
[deleted]
I call my neighbours dog thot. It's a female though, so no homo.
Problem is. Yes, scientifically masks block covid but it only works if you wear it 24x7. Media tells people to wear the mask when they "go outside" which it doesn't exactly spread in the air outdoors. drrr. You'd have to wear the mask indoors 24x7, which ain't gonna happen. That's why it spreads, people take them off indoors. So, it's pointless. Study from CDC showed 70% of the infected people "always" wore their mask. Problem is wearing a mask don't protect you. It's only the sick people who need masks to block covid. The whole point is it will never work cause people ain't wearing it 24x7 on the off chance they have covid and might spread it.
Lol no they don't. There's countless thousands of repatriated Chinese nationals they don't go after because it would take more resources than its worth. They are just trying to build the same psychology the CIA did back in the day. "an agent in every city, contact in every alley" octopus type shit when the reality is there is no agency with global omniscience.
sorry, I'm just frustrated because I'm an American and our response has been piss-poor for what is supposedly a highly developed country. 

Also reading people reference the high survival rate is also very frustrating. You can survive a stroke, or even heart disease, but is that something you really want? would you want others to suffer when you can potentially prevent such outcomes by practicing mask usage and distancing? 

We can make educated guesses as to the long term complications for a variety of reasons. Other SARS viruses have been known to have lung and heart involvement for example. Also observing cardiac inflammation in otherwise young and healthy people is completely abnormal, particularly when we begin seeing it across large numbers of people. 

stuff like this should really scare people but I still see a lot of people being incredibly cavalier about COVID in general. 

https://www.tctmd.com/news/signs-cardiac-damage-even-younger-nonhospitalized-covid-19-patients

I am not advocating going full doomer or freaking out, btw. 

I am not well trained in biology or medicine, but the best thing you can do is stick to sources like medical journals and peer reviewed outlets. Best of luck.
nio can suck my dick
i doubled my fucking money
[deleted]
Look at the 2nd screenshot.. he doubled his 200k before losing it all
Yeah, get some thot to lick it off....
“Beating the market” is not a mystery phrase
哦真聪明，开始用老婆的男朋友玩笑，你真有财！

你他妈的开始就用简体字就不会在网上当傻比。。。
You should have used that money to start a business or something...
are you me lmao
I was, can confirm its both better and worse now. overall better.
That's what it takes
Will moon
It would be much easier to apply to my balls and asshole this way. Great tip!
Sounds like you're doing quite well for yourself
I bet that pointy party felt super good though
[deleted]
Ok
Great answer lmao
Lmao
This is why I only buy at close and only sell at open. Literal free money.
monday will be downz
Probably similar to this:

https://youtu.be/RhjHAPw1q-M?t=243
Yee hah. I have $20c expiring in 6 months. Probably didn't need to go quite that far out, but I did and have no regrets.
bears r fuk
troll
I think the list is meant to be the things that you *shouldnt* be to be an options trader.
[deleted]
53k net a year in europe is pretty damn good. Whats your job?
On Monday (16th of November) is the deadline for funds 13F form, showing their holdings.  


At what time do they file? Is the time deadline 5:30 p.m. Eastern? Does it take long until the document is downloadable via SEC's Edgar system?
He said : won’t go back to robinhood . Mean he is still trading :v
What exp? Baba is so expensive but leaps seen nice at current share price
NIO 100 EOY lets get rich
[deleted]
Depends on your strike price
smart play. I went all in on puts. same reasons. prepared for either. but i'm selling at open either way
I don’t think so. Always goes back down
[deleted]
💀💀fr
What does that mean? He put in $150 plus but incurred a debt of $60k+debt or is it loss? Can someone enlighten me?
China isn't the one droning tens of thousands of people outside their borders. They are playing a different smarter game.
[removed]
Basically means that all of the countries listed within it have agreed to trade together with minimal tariffs - hence boosting trade between all of them. It's bullish for asian countries like Australia, NZ, China, Korea etc. Basically brings them all in-line as if they were their own EU bloc.

Will be bullish for them, bearish for US/Europe. As these asian countries will now prefer to deal with themselves on Exports/Imports, and face less tariffs - cheaper business.

In hindsight, it will probably push Biden to become part of it or miss out. Same with EU/UK.
It was looking weak on Friday. I would normally buy puts there but I've lost enough money listening to myself so I bought calls.
the only way
I have SPY straddle. Covid cases, we're right at that triple peak spot again. I feel like we are either gonna rocket past this week, or limit down. Am cool with either! If you want a cheap one, play one that has gapped up last week, i.e. Nordstrom. You can buy 2 weeks out, 1$ OTM, Each direction costs $100, $16/put, $18 call. It made almost two dollar jump just Friday, I feel like the odds that one leg would pay out at minimum 3fold is HIGHLY probable.
It is SUPPOSED to be about that, but then you get ‘mission creep’ and all the passive aggressive martinets come out the woodwork - arbitrary rules are imposed that have the force of draconian law. It’s classic Stanford Prison experiment stuff.   


‘All progress depends upon the unreasonable man’. Not the sheep.
I'm sorry bro. I know its tough. I'm 20 and a Junior on college and I'm really happy I'm not 22. Can't imagine trying to get a job in this landscape. But it will get better. Think of it this way: if we can live through a global pandemic, what cant we live through? Chances are this is the worst thing we will have to live through. A lot of the boomers really fuck us in a lot of ways, but it will be our time to shine soon, and we can save the planet and live good lives. This year is just shit for everyone. But the virus will eventually go away, or at the very least it will just become another flu that nobody thinks about other than once a year for a shot.
他妈的， 你刚刚对我说什么废话? 我应让你知道我是毕业海豹部队班的优等生，参与无数基地组织和有超三百印证的诛杀. 我有猩战培训和是全美国最佳的狙击手。你对我来说只是另个活靶子. 我会使用崭新的精度完全毁灭你, 记住我的话. 你以为你能安然在互联网对我说个屁吗? 再想吧，臭小子. 在这对话的过程中我在和横穿美国的耳目联络和你的IP地址在被追溯到, 所以你应该为即将来临消灭你无价的生活的风暴，蛆子. 你早已死了,小人. 我能随时随地只是用空手杀死你. 我不但是徒手战斗的高手, 我也有准入整美国海军陆战队的武库把你不抵事的生活从陆地消除。如果你可知你’巧妙’的点评的后果你可会闭嘴. 但你不予不理, 而现在得到报应,白痴. 我会以怒火摄入你, 直到你浑身长嘴也说不清. 你早于死了臭小子.
It’s bullish but timeframe is difficult so buy leaps
I actually read it as well. “Inverse Cramer” is what I live by
are the latter mostly bonds or ETFs? also, how do you get involved with PE companies (are there any bigger ones that are publicly traded or how much capital do you need)? i'm in europe, but I have noticed over the last couple of years that such companies have been buying local companies at an increased pace, it's not just takeovers from competition anymore.
Yeah citron is full of shit.  
But I think battery swap is overkill and will be made obsolete by incoming battery tech progress.
> Best part is no part
[removed]
But US could also have a sweet TPP deal by now. Instead Asia just finished their own free trade deal today including China, Japan, South east Asia because American morons vote for some angry boomer who’s mentally in the 1950s because he’s appealing to their primitive instincts. 

Buy Baba leaps!
NGGA
I don’t understand why you have such an aggressive reply because as I said before, I have complied completely and plan to for the foreseeable future.

But I am curious, and please respond to this because I’m eager to learn. How do we know about the long term complications of a disease we were made aware of less than a year ago?

I’m sorry I offended. I am not an anti masker by any means. My county doesn’t require masks and I still wear them whenever I go out in public
Back to 50, then rocket to 60 by Friday
Paper is easier to make money on in PMs rn, and will be until there's an actual physical run. We still have a good buffer amount before that starts becoming likely ($40+ spot silver, $2,500 gold)
Nobody really knows. It could continue down but also it could moon.
Cause at this time price target was 0$ for many
 > from going in on the word of a dude on a company they havent even looked at

LOL it's funny cause you just described the entire population of a website forum I frequent...oh wait
This is the way
Its like 5 AM on the east coast and I cant sleep :(
How’s Nio gonna do Monday? Honest opinions?
Why all the downvotes, I'm only offering the truth!

I guess WSB traders can't handle the truth and would rather take digs at me.
100k over 30 years with an annual interest rate of 7% is 761,225$ and with an annual interest rate of 8% it's 1,006,265$
     (7%-8% is the market average)
I have a physical stack on the off chance this shit actually plays out in the next few years.
Waiting for a complete collapse and Biden goes on TV to say “buy stocks now this is the bottom” similar to when Obama went on tv when S&P was $500 and said “buy stocks now this is the bottom.” If you would’ve had $1m invested back then with dividends reinvested you’d have a plane, hangar, yacht and Melania right now.
Does this actually work
But you still have one free stock
[deleted]
It's almost as if the Chinese government would surely let their **personally vested** company go down the tubes...china...yea right lol
[removed]
World's largest free trade agreement signed in coup for China

[https://news.yahoo.com/huge-asian-trade-pact-signed-002503549.html](https://news.yahoo.com/huge-asian-trade-pact-signed-002503549.html)

Looks like BABA might be down for a little while longer? Or is this bullish, I am retarded someone explain what this means
Does there really need to be more than one?
Could always just buy stock instead
how'd your SHOP shorts go?
PS5 owners...has buyers guilt set in yet?
Idk who that guy is but I crave human touch
Why are people positive about the market at all right now? Valuations are as high as ever relative to GDP and the pandemic isn't going away soon. We're running on stimulus and sentiment.
[deleted]
You could have better results with covesting module on primexbt 😅🤦
Good time to get in on TDOC leaps?
OP said this was hard earned savings over 10 years and not gains or inheritance.
Need my BUD put to hit big this week to go -50% all time 😤
[deleted]
it's not about the 98% survival rate but you fucking retards don't get it. this thing has long term complications amongst allegedly asymptomatic cases where the subject is young and otherwise healthy. this shit is not complicated. stop fucking whinging and wear a mask.

seriously if people like you were around during the Blitz of London you would have capitulated in fucking two weeks. fuck yourself.
[deleted]
This is the truth, living cheap with mom and dad, likely an associate's degree rather than full retard bachelor's degree
This is the kind of autistic retarded shit I like to see in this sub. Good job
Should have keep buying and yolo before pop
[deleted]
Wait....what is this about a plane??
liaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
r/pennystocks . good luck sperg nagger
Who's ready to watch PLTR have an NIO style run this week?
Where my $🍉 gang at?
I’m down 27k this year. These are rookie numbers. Pump it up
What’s with 80% cash???
!RemindMe 7 days
Uppies
You're a smart dude (or dudette, I dunno). Thanks for the detailed response.
Hey, I am new here, which app is this?
[removed]
Don't bet on 25%
ATSM
Hey, I am new here, which app is this?
Hey, I am new here, which app is this?
[removed]
[removed]
I agree, I’m hoping to get there soon. But regardless, my point about people being about to video you literally anytime where or not you’re on social media still stands
[deleted]
.5% if you go back and read the post. That’s such a huge difference hahaha. 

If you’re going to leave a snarky comment, please proofread
Put jar in microwave for couple of mins. Make sure you get all the foil off rim first!   


Tell me what happens?
At least oil is going in the same direction with that red arrow
[deleted]
I hope Elon fucken
Crushed LI and NIO 

And every other fucken bullshit EV GYNA company 

Elon please get that ruthless ceo in u and give me

Some wsb loss porn !!!!!
[deleted]
Don’t get me wrong, I definitely think the average liberal is much more sensitive than the average conservative. The concept of getting mad at someone for “assuming genders” is literally the most fucking stupid thing I’ve ever heard. If you would’ve explained it to me 5 years ago you literally wouldn’t be able to do anything to make me believe you.

That being said, conservatives can be fuckin sensitive as well. “Holy shit Twitter/Reddit is censoring me!!!!!” No you’re posting an opinion on a forum that the majority of users disagree/don’t engage with
[ INSERT COINS TO CONTINUE ]
They doubled it at $21, so no reason they couldn’t have sold for another full bag. They probably didn’t but possible they sold some to buy lower.
😂😂😂
U ignorant the mental tool that it’s taken on people thus affecting there health 

At the end of the day 

If u die who is gonna feed your family?

who is gonna give a fuck about u when u get depressed and don’t wanna move or do nothing ?


Or when u start hating your wage slave loser life ? 

Then what ?
The Intelligent Investor by benjamij Graham, the Bogleheads guide to investing
best straddle monday AM?
Predictions for the NIO price after earnings are released?
Can't sleep 🤡🐂
>Retrospectively, the worst strategy in the biggest bull and bubble market of all times. 

This right here is the most important sentence you can utter. I'm glad you've truly come to terms with your mistakes and honestly I'm reading a lot of the replies in here and don't let these **literal** 19 year Olds gambling their financial aid money get to you. They don't fucking know loss or hardship riding their parents coattails since birth so they talk out of their assholes to you.

Keep your chin up man you'll come around again 👍
I need to be rich now, not in 20 years.
Initially I sucked at trading, so to combat that I have developed a software called

[goldensweeps.com](https://goldensweeps.com) and I no longer suck at stock trading, because I can see where the big money is going and I don't need to pay $50 - $100 a month for an inferior service.

But you also need to know about SOR.

SOR will install some hard lessons on  how much you need to cover that stake, when the SOR tries to liquidate everyone that is trading the same patterns/dips/indicators.

You have to be willing to go, where the SOR doesn't want to go.But not too much that you give up too much % of your bankroll.

You also have to be willing to wait out position for at least 2 weeks, while the SOR is trying to gauge whether its more benefecial for the price to go up or down in price.

You also have to be flexible in your profit taking. Your stake has to be lower than the other side, as the SOR is programmed to make the most profit.

i.e $100/500 - $600 stake  vs $5000 stake

SOR Algo will take the $5k every time
Show me on this doll where u/LUV2FUKMARRIEDMILFS touched you
Anytime I think I fucked up in life, I look back at these posts and it makes me feel all better
HAHAHAHA “ the great EV crash of 22” 

Lmao 😂😭🖕
Hahhaa I never thought about the fact that you get pretty much unlimited tax deductions when you make a loss that big.

In New Zealand theres no capital gains tax on profit made from selling stocks but theres also no tax deductible losses
He gotta charge the battery fast before the electricity shuts off
Thanks for the lols
I can get behind this. Tried the breakfast sausage and it was pretty delicious actually
*My heart will go on!*
Damn it I'm so retarded, read it as TSLA and thought how the fuck could you lose money with TSLA? Then I realized it's TFSA.
Tesla would like to talk to you.
Eating straight Nutella out the jar.
To be fair when you are that retarded you probably forget stuff quickly. its  one of the other perks of being dropped on the head as an infant one too many times beside losing money with retarded plays
Social media abstinence can be bliss, my guy.
lol yeah I have 120 shares of MSFT.  Once you yolo like OP did, might as well stick it in solid stocks like AAPL, AMZN, or MSFT.  He's only 20, by 30 he'd probably have a few hundred K if he kept adding into it.
Parliament is a shit show, the formation of a government and trying to get a majority of the seats in the commons leads to government coalitions between party’s that voters disagree with, but they must make to reach that majority. We have a lot of checks and balances in the USA between the 3 branches, with one of the branches being divided further. The reason why China has leverage over the world is because it’s a dictatorship under 1 party. People are treated like resources, not like people, but that probably can’t last forever.
“ the weakest 5% dies “ 

Yes im a alpha , if I die from  Covid 

So be it  





I pride myself in having a Ridiculously powerful immune system that has been tested by escorts all over the world

👊BULLKHAN
Small cap manufacturing, and they both have cash which will let them make money from short term interest from the bank and pay their dividends. I like VRS simply because they have 33m in buybacks due and that is $10 in share price based on a 1 day t2 chart. When it goes to $13-14 I’ll consider selling out of my position(vrs). CRS is a manufacturing/construction company that I originally bought 2 days after exdiv when it dropped and held onto the position because it was 1/4 of the price and significantly underperformed its peers(both vrs and Crs have been laggards). Buying laggards has been something that pays off for me as I consider it a low risk high reward. As long as the companies don’t go bankrupt and have large amounts of cash I feel confident in them.
It's about not spreading covid to others ya dingus
just watched a documentary on this lmao
CVS going down in history as "Covid-19 Savior" won't make you go there any more often. In fact you may go to CVS exclusively for the vaccine only once because it is actually out of your way to do so. Where are the sales? Where is the money?
I need a red Monday!!! S&P going up or down Monday morning???
I thought U were mocking them for panicking after a 1.5% loss....
I mean it’s down like 30% from its high?
How dare u take a stand and think for yourself !!!

U are to stay a sheep 🐑!!! Now go invest in index funds !!!
[deleted]
不然要打什麼字? 大陸的? 你也愛一邊看著你老婆的男朋友給她打炮一邊打飛機吼?
61.
I’m closing everything and joining pltr leap yolo gang. Son of a bitch I’m in!
‘Mods are asleep, post some bs DD to cause retards to later post their own loss porn’.
Cautionary tale for future noobs
Honestly out of all of that I haven’t even found that as the biggest roadblock to dating. It’s little stupid shit that comes from communicating over a phone rather than face to face. Our brain subconsciously pick up on so many little things when talking to someone like body language, tone, context of our surroundings, etc. But all of that disappears over text. You can send someone something and while you both see the same exact words, those words can be interpreted so differently it’s insane. Constant connection with everyone that has a rectangle with a screen in their pocket is not a good thing and I think we are going to see that very clearly in the next 10-20 years
At least they have something to share.
What is your post doing besides shitting up the place.
Would you recommend any?
Bynd is gonna moon 🌙
I will be messaging you in 18 days on [**2020-12-04 00:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-04%2000:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jubp5l/20_days_till_everyones_money_rotates_back_into/gcdcp2o/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjubp5l%2F20_days_till_everyones_money_rotates_back_into%2Fgcdcp2o%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-04%2000%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jubp5l)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Okay, sure but look at the post of this guy loosing 400k+. People are bashing OP and calling him every name that's practically available. Maybe somehow it helps getting it off the chest? Given that you can't share such things with people around you so why not share with a group where there is many more like you?
I'm pretty clueless, why will CRS and VRS jump if bond yields rise?
Ask your wife’s boyfriend for a loan?
!RemindMe Dec 4
Till now
Biden is pro lockdown and with cases spiking like crazy these stocks zm and tdoc will moon. U will be rekt .TDOC is headed above 200 soon.
I am gonna have a devilish smile when GME under performs & tanks.
meh. if you saved  800k in 10 years you are probably making 150k+ a year
Sources: trust me bro
ROBINHOOD MADE ME RTISTIC!!!!!!!
Anyone who has the balls to risk 20k will probably make it in life or forever be broke. Let’s see which way you swing.
Basically free money at this share price
Post future trades so I can inverse
It's called culture, duh
[deleted]
Hire an investment banker and unsub from this subreddit asap.

But seriously, buy equities not fucking options if you don't wanna lose it all. Learn how to use stop loss orders. Pop it all in AMZN, TSLA, AAPL, retire in 15 years.
Is this from the JPow sanctuary for endangered species?
Went to Pittsburgh Zoo yesterday. No Bears. No Bulls. Found 2 LITTLE Kangaroos tho. My DD: We do little up and down twics before we skyrocket.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Economic/convince slight blessing, personal relationship cancer
the staying power of BYND in the mentions here is unreal
How would I get started in stocks like this in canada?
Do u use it to hit on girls? Lol?

Kinda like hitting on girls st the gym if u ask me
Live kind of frugally without a car and I could easily get to 300-500k in 10 years. With 53k per year post taxes (93k pre) in Germany.  
Made some calculations, doesn't even need to be frugally. 720€ for groceries and fun per month still leaves you with 2.5k per month into savings.  
Calculated with 800€ living and 130€ public transport. Included all my subscriptions, gym and insurances.
[deleted]
Where did you get this news?
Buy the hype sell the news
[deleted]
Nah, I keep my right hand pretty [busy.](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/juid29/if_wsb_is_a_casino_you_should_probably_build_a/gcd6nzg/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
I do believe the growth stock crowd in for another painful week. $TDOC looks like it’s destined to be sub $150 soon. Clearly in a bear market and I see so many calling it a gift and loading the boat. If we’re green Monday I’m gonna have to grab some puts
Weekend nasdaq bloodgreen 🤮
You seem like the perfect example of how risky bear trading is. Even if most traders are pessimistic to the core, they'll still buy calls because that's logically what happens in a growing market/economy.
You read books?
Yeah. It’s just feels different when people have their phones, like you can’t talk to them
you're 60 now?
God dam
I think I’m about to set a date (a very generous one at that) as the last day I’ll be okay with wearing masks everywhere. I’ve fully complied so far, but every day we get “record cases” and more shit that tells me what we’re doing isn’t working. I can’t do this forever. People make the argument “it’s just a mask it’s not a big deal” but it’s not the physical act of wearing a mask that I care about. When’s the last time you had a random funny interaction with a stranger in person? Or some rando gave you a nice smile in public that lifted your mood? 

Shit went from flattening the curve to eradicating the disease real quick. Infectious  diseases don’t just go away, if they did we would’ve gotten rid of the flu. There will always be Covid cases, forever. I’m tired of not living because of something that I might get that I have a 98% chance of surviving
Imagine still typing traditional Chinese characters.
[deleted]
No yolo? BAN.
I appreciate your info here, thank you!
You show a lot more insight than most 22yr olds. You are right: I cannot imagine dating and finding a life partner in today’s environment. It does seem far more treacherous and complex. We had to worry - a bit - about AIDS but not so much about dumb mistakes being recorded for all time.   


OTOH things were a bit more puritanical in 70s and 80s after excesses of 60s. IMHO being in your early 20s in the 60s was the time to be alive.
its going to be so boring if they do well, if however, its a disaster, this place will be glorious
Here's some. Lupus Nephritis is shitty. Aurinia drug puts it into remission. Pretty sweet. I had it at 3.21 and sold at 10. Its around 13 right now. Could hit 20 at least.
Boiler room
[removed]
How does it feel to invest in PLTR then?
Growing up in the 90s was the shit! Best time of my life was hanging out with friends, going on adventures and doing stupid shit. Just enjoying each other's company without anyone being on a phone. Now it seems everyone is a introvert and just wants to live in the virtual world. The internet is a blessing and a curse


He must also be living at home or some sort of nature where he has absolutely no bills
Stocks can go down too? Honestly curious.
TD
Ffvii and ocarina of time
[deleted]
Post your own first.

Include some DD if you actually want to contribute to the sub.
Nio stock price will be higher than Tesla stock price in 6 months 
Same pattern as Tesla went from 30 to 300 
Then 300 to 900 
Then 900 to 2500 

Nio is just beginning
[deleted]
That should mostly be priced in as the annual returns will be way below 10-11%. And don't forget most of these returns are due to tech, which makes sense when everyone is staying at home.
You definitely deserve the flair for this retard play. I’m hard just seeing your balls deep craziness 🤞
[removed]
[deleted]
*Carl Icahn has entered the chat*
God you get so burt so easily. Love seeing your posts get deleted.
The sick irony of being over 20k down and the first article robinhood has up being stocks closing higher on optimism.

Good sir, that there is art. 😙👌
Wait, are you saying that we can actually play the stonk game with rational behavior and not like abnormals?????? That explain a lot of things.
Trying reading this article by the guy Pres-Elect put on his covid-19 team

[https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/10/why-i-hope-to-die-at-75/379329/](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/10/why-i-hope-to-die-at-75/379329/)
So you sold at $28, and now you're producing a drop to $28... to buy back in?
You lost a house, president’s salary, feature for a rapper but at least you left Robinhood.
Ashes to ashes, dust to retardation
I think he’s already all in
Shouldn’t we wait till they report their Q3 earnings?
[deleted]
 > If you’re new to trading stocks you should probably stick to trading stocks until you learn what a bid/ask spread is, learn how markets move, and learn how all the small things can make industries move on a macro level. 

#DEAR GOD PLEASE PLASTER THIS in the banner at the top of the Subreddit!!

Holy cow the amount of people in here trading options who literally just saw their first stock chart ever outside of CNBC playing in Starbucks is wildly terrifying...
Lmfao are you just gonna ignore what happened to the economy from February to November holy shit you’re a moron
I bought NIO at $7, sold at $14, patted myself on the back. I bought pre split tesla at $200 and so at $400, patted myself on the back.
I was borderline suicidal 2 years ago. Miraculously I’ve stayed cool during all this Covid shit, but terms like “the new normal” make me think I won’t be around to see 2030
[deleted]
Can’t wait to open my stock time capsule! It’s loaded to the tits with Radio Shack and Circuit City. Electronics IS the FUTURE!
Mental recovery takes more time
 延遲的美國人總是買浸 

"Retarded americans always buy the dip"
Fogel?
[deleted]
It already makes me feel as if it went up to $20 /share
[removed]
You lost your entire live savings?

Like Roth IRA / ETFs / Long Term Equities etc?
Awesome .
Exactly this. This is what people in this sub don’t understand because they’re all young and dumb.
He bet big and it paid off (lucky) and then he bet big and his luck ran out
40 as a fair price, 100 with the squeeze, to tendie town
V shaped recovery inbound
I wish there was parliamentary democracy in Murica and people would vote for parties and policies instead of this dumb Miss America contest. 
I don’t fucking care if one is sleepy and the other one retarded. I am pro Biden not because of him but because I think protectionist and unilateralist people like Navarro are a disaster for America and the world and it’s giving China far more leverage than they deserve. 

Give me a pro trade GOP person and while I might not vote for them I’d be totally happy with the outcome should they win.
So lesson is to buy calls. Got it
I guess my evaluation is based off of propaganda and media control of the public, I see a rising amount of that in the left. But too be fair, I see an equal amount of that coming from the right too
No he is pretty fucking stupid just based on his fucking logic and thought process

At no point in time did he think “Hey this is wrong”. Like there is zero awareness to figure out that a problem is right in front of him and that he has to fix it. 

This happens all the time. High salary individuals losing live savings in the market.
[deleted]
It’s called taking big risks. It’s the same reason he was able to make that much money. It happens. People bet big and make millions and then they get too confident in what was mainly luck and the luck runs out.. losing it all
 It’s so dumb that it’s actually smart
What is your fucking job....I'm searching this thread for like, 20 minutes... what do you do, how did you earn this much?
thank u
This is the part where I tell you your $600,000k could have yielded $60,000 a year in passive gains had you just smashed the money into a boring ETF.

Not only did you lose $600k, you lost $60,000 additional gains EVERY YEAR going forward FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.

Never try to time tops.

You could have made $100,000 a year easily selling CC’s and collecting premiums with strikes slightly OTM... And if you shares got called away, who cares? You would have made about 25k gains lol
I just stumbled upon this sub today, so I thought this was just normal.
I'll try to find it this week 👍
To be noted: Pooh's intentions is more to set an example and rules rather than to tank the top e-companies. 

Especially they do not wish for chinese stonks to go lower because hundred million people have invested their savings (and their grandparents') into stock. If people see their investments shrink fast  they will be unhappy and Pooh doesn't want any people's complaints that he created their demise. He has to protect public opinion too.
In 1997, I was 38 yrs old. Would sometimes go home at lunchtime for a blowjob from wife. Got our first real home PC and spent hours downloading the Mars Rover clip from Jet Propulsion Lab website over dial up internet. At that time, to be able to see what the Rover saw on surface of Mars near real time was just mind blowing. Using Netscape Navigator.
**Defaulted to one day.**

I will be messaging you on [**2020-11-16 09:32:59 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-16%2009:32:59%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ju5tm8/diamond_hands_on_gme_from_30_to_11_and_still/gcdafx1/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fju5tm8%2Fdiamond_hands_on_gme_from_30_to_11_and_still%2Fgcdafx1%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-16%2009%3A32%3A59%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20ju5tm8)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I think we’d probably be on the same page based on the wording of the comment.

I too hope centrism comes back. But not just that, but individual evaluations of an issue. People who’s opinion of a specific issue is formed based on what side “their party” thinks about it are fucking stupid
Is this your first time trying to read a 10Q?
[removed]
Next time take out all your initial investment if you hit big and play with the rest of your free money.
Once at scale end battery swap program
!remindme 72 hours
Well you are going to really enjoy the prison state to come. Just google 'great reset'
It’s ok cuz Nio is around to take the helm
YOLO that shit on black. No ragrets
Not diversifying. Expensive calls on companies instead of cheap ones on ETFs
“🎶 oh it’s such a perfect day, I’m glad I spent it with you 🎶” - me after spending the whole day on WSB
Thx retard
Nice award, here’s an award
MRNA $70p 12/4 is free money
yeah wtf is wrong with these people. Shocked these cheap hookers even let that happen.
With that kind of money, he can be both.
This is the most legit actual trading advice I've seen on WSB. Great read and reminder. Thanks OP! Sweet post.
Congratulations on your 5 seconds of post fame.
You're probably right to feel this way. I turned 18 in 1997. If cellphone videos and social media had been around when I was that age, I definitely would be in some deep shit now. The ability to make dumb teenager mistakes relatively free of consequences is an advantage that has been lost to a lot of people in today's younger generations.
You lost over 400k in a year... that’s not a long time. Even if it was 2k losing all of it is nothing to be proud of but I guess it’s good to look at the glass half full or whatever..
[removed]
I’m not against baba at all, They’re a sound investment and I even think this will print. But OP decided to put a lot of words, adds a good amount of screenshots = “solid dd”
Seriously, this is true nonsense.
Actually you’re right. The only reason I pointed out the left is because it was originally towards the right and now the left is basically doing everything that song criticizes too. But the right also hasn’t quit on that either. I guess everything’s just getting generally shittier and shittier
Y'all need ETFs and Jesus
Holy shit that sounds like an amazing movie from the '90s.
Clearly the man is not as stupid as y’all think he is cause he some how got a couple hundred racks to be throwing around
Yes
Up down up down
Ok retard.
I didn't want to trigger the auto post deletion.
[removed]
Sure, whatever is on the L2 right now may change on Monday. But still it was worth to point out that not only technicals look bearish but also L2 confirms the bias to the downside (as of now). If you play earnings, obviously it can go either way, however the way the stock looks heading into earnings gives you heads up & telegraphs in advance what is likely to happen to your position. Godspeed.
Yeah in March where we actually see the xbox and ps5 earnings.
Didnt he get caught sending dick pics to another chick and that’s why his wife left him?
You gotta evaluate a bit more to open a discussion. 

My take is yes, but it’s not limited to the left. It’s probably more prevalent within the right, not the conservative right, they’ve sadly died out but the newsmax sort of right. 

I hope centrism makes a strong comeback soon. Politics is more fake and staged than wrestling at this point.
Buy puts against your instincts; if you think it’s going up buy puts and if you think it’s going down buy calls
You need to recover !
Same difference and ending.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm not touching any of the Chinese stocks, I know I'm missing out on some free money but there are other options out there to make easy money.
Bots didn't even scalp that much, and also going by the fact that they were sold out in literally first second i would guess not enough is understatement
Man what are puts and calls ? -_- if you started this two years ago I want to be making moves like you in two years 

🙏🏼
No. Just you.

First. Your sentence is incoherent.

Second. A question ends with a question mark.

For example:

How are you so retarded?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Is it mandatory to call everyone a retard on your 99% down, here

**URL:** https://redd.it/juj5uh
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=juj5uh) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Sammy-Joseph, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
imgoodenuf
Thebush121
Nothing about that year in particular. I’ve just grown up in the age of the internet and the fear of being canceled for some shit I said when I was 15 since what’s okay to say and what’s not to always changing is always present when thinking about my career. When thinking about how I’d explain that to someone pre social media it seems like a pretty fuckin stupid concept. 

Also the thought of being able to go out and just fuck around with your buddies (never harm or do anything appropriate to anyone else obviously, honestly the fact that I feel the need to say that displays my ridiculous but also reasonable fears) and not have to worry about someone pulling out their phone and videoing you then putting it on Facebook/Twitter/Instagram sounds fucking awesome. 

Like 90% of my anxiety stems from some shit happening to me through some means of the technology introduced by smartphones and it’s only going to get worse. If modern advancements in technology is going to create some fuckin utopia or some shit eventually then why has this year been the worst we’ve seen in a fat minute with no end in sight. I just hope I’m not wearing a mask in 2 years cause it and social distancing is taking away our humanity. I’d rather just get Covid, and absolutely worst case scenario is everyone gets it, the weakest .5% die.

Bet you didn’t realize you were opening Pandora’s box with that comment, but basically, things are shitty and I don’t think they’re getting better for a long time
Yes, you retard.
[removed]
With condor you lose money by buying long legs, with naked ATM puts you simply put more money in your pocket. It's far simpler strategy with the only risk of assignment in case if the thing falls below your breakeven.
There's only one number people need to know and it's 90c.
290 minimum. Hopefully. Or else soil be back on menu.
agreed, i don't want lots of money, I need lots, to do stuff with, not to hoard
The apostles must follow in TS footsteps for it is the way to heaven. This is the way.
[deleted]
NIO finished higher Friday than it did on Wednesday. Literally lost one day of gains. I’m long af
Im thinking about buying 250$ turbo calls (expires after reaching the strike price), with no expiration date. they currently go only for 11$.
Invest in me, satisfaction not guaranteed
Dude this is actually fucking sad...

Jesus christ. Gambling away house-money..
Yeah but then you have to talk to people. You know how autistic we can be


~~oh wait this isnt r/greentext.~~
That means OTM options move bigger, friend
[deleted]
Thinking of the tax write-off for years, is going to make me hard for years.
Keep buying until they pull the plug
Damn, forgot how good green day were. Takes me back to early 2000s.
What other relationship are you suppose to have with him?
Kids this is why you stay in school /s
Not scary but probably the most well done and esthetically pleasing.
I actually haven’t, but I’ll give it a look in now while I’ve got some time. Super helpful post by the way. Appreciate it!
it always was
Then take HK or Taiwan. Covid is basically over here because people don’t throw a tantrum over wearing masks and not cough on each other for a few month
There’s also large swaths of the population who probably wouldn’t die but don’t want to find out. This is a highly infectious disease and numbers are high enough where if you go about normal life pretty much anywhere in this country you are almost certain to get it. Lockdowns are just for people who are dumb enough to keep going to the bar in the midst of a pandemic and spreading this shit around
Dont worry, go make 2k on only fans suking dildo! W8 for a crash, yolo 0dte puts, you will get 3000%
Interesting , every single retard had a peak at some point on his account this year but yours went only down. Your donation was much appreciated
Have you never heard of “buying a lemon”?
You're missing half the equation when you don't plot Elon Musk cockiness tweets.  Look back at all his most cocky tweets.  He lets you know when TSLA is going to take off, because he starts talking shit to the haters and short sellers.  Plot it and report back.
Yea, "absolute lockdown" except for all international visitors who were allowed(read forced) to go back to their respective countries asap.. also yea, they absolutely did tell other world leaders that this shit was scary.. it's just the others who were stupid. Yea! That
He'd rather lose his life savings in '99 than the great EV crash of '22
Big boys starting to load up and that's just the tip of the iceberg. It's going to moon some more.
[removed]
Sounds like the move big short with the stripper
Spy cumulative after-hours return since the march 23 bottom: +50%.    
Day session returned: +6%.    


Did you buy after march 25 you have lost money during daylight hours trading,  in one of the biggest rallies of all time.
AMZN would be $2 per share for starters
Politicians too you reckon?
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**SPY**|**$360**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$2.68**|**$358.1**|**61550**|**26503**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckhiwrh582zmc0734luo5g0no) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/curtain_bed028/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Also, you can’t win, break even nor stop playing. So long $TSLA gains.

$TSLA 10p 01/21
Have you ever thought about checking out IdB leaderboards for possible advice? I’d rather buy their sell ratings than their buy ratings unless you are trading at 4:30 et after reading their publishings. I’d recommend getting away from hype stock because there are a lot of companies other people are overlooking. Although, if it goes down Monday and Tuesday I am likely to buy into it, but only if it consolidates Monday and drops tuesday.
[deleted]
I’m true gambling addict fashion the first things you think about are the few times you made money
Lol, I remember watching those briefings they did at the start of it all and hearing them sucks gynas PP. What a joke.
I fucking hate the word expansive
If it weren't for that, it'd be in 240 now
Just use the roulette strategy. It works on the free market casino. Simple as it can get
I’m in buying debit call spreads
Tesla calls all the way. Safest bet by far.
Why only the left? Babying a incumbent president because he’s to narcissistic to cope with loss and his weirdo cult is as full circle as it gets.
Thanks for your service comrade
[deleted]
If you're money, you can get whatever you want anywhere.  Don't have to travel to fucking China for high quality rental contracts.
even if there is debt forgiveness, the people would be on hook for the taxes, so they would still need to pay 1-3k in tax
Hopefully above 260, I wanna get in on that action.
Am sorry I can’t believe you? How can someone be so fucking stupid to lose almost 1 million dollar
What makes 1997 so special?
I don't understand why people keep saying buy PLTR. Can someone eli5?
This makes me feel better about holding cash until either nio finds a bottom or I’m done looking into my other options
Also, if I’m dead wrong about this someone please send me an argument. I love discussing this kind of shit
wouldn't you get hard fucked if it dropped somehow, only thing stopping me from doing something like that
they contest election till the point where house names president and senate names VP, ergo the VP would be Pence

but anyway executive order can only use funds approved by congress already.
200.

i bought calls on friday so it will probably keep dropping
Earnings expectations are realistic guidelines. Realistic is boring, we want to build card houses and sell before they crash.
Hol up
In 22 in fucking 2020. I’d give one testicle and one kidney to be 22 in 1997
Dude you are literally too stupid to trade options, please for the love of god stick the rest of your money in something normal like S&P 500 index funds or even fucking CDs
Probably just went to massage parlor. Much easier and no cameras.
[deleted]
You are my role model
I unironically bought that back in September for $80
well they are mostly the ones who graduate and get to higher semesters. 

there are studies which say that affirmative action allowing lower SAT acceptance score for minorities to enter college, forces them into getting into schools they cant finish and saddles them with debt for the few semesters they are in
used to be a big fan boi but he disappointed me this year
Trade against not with us retards

Am down 66% myself
Its only a loss once you sell XD
That was late September. He's probably exited by now.
Oof, I can name a lot of things. But hopefully you find a few of your own, money isn’t the goal, it’s just the vehicle
Shows to the quality of folks here when they can't understand sarcasm...
Trade pact?
>It is important to remember that there is always a winner and a loser in a trade.

Ah, yes, the Theta Gang fallacy
Congratulations
Baba $215 on open
Pick your favorite CEO... have they been to China? Then they most likely went to a “karaoke” state legalized prostitution where they have anything and film everything. Now you know why we are where we are.
Singles day earnings did nothing to save baba from dropping more. Investors are just scared right now
[deleted]
Some parts are great.

Day of the triffids rip-off with the army scenes.

The night vision shit at the end was a waste of time (was that 28weeks??)

Music is amazing, still in my playlist rotation.
Congratz man! 5000 shares is insane! I would sell at monday open to lock in the profits!
L shaped recovery
Hopefully you made the switch last week on ATH
Congratz man, 5000 shares is insane!
[deleted]
America has came full circle. If “American Idiot” was released word for word today, it would be directed towards the left
[deleted]
I like how u think I definitely belong in here
[deleted]
uhhh...meaningful relationships and experiences?
K.I.T.T. reboot
You reached 100% congrats!
Spy spy spy spy spy spy spy
Have you tried turning it off and on again? Worked for me last time.
get this man a flair
Making 60k a year.
Imagine the stock of batteries they have to keep.

Fucking huge investment just sitting there at a changing station.
Overdraft your bank account buy nio calls
Appreciate it my friend. Stay safe out there
Good for you. FYI Tinder is free
What it closed at on Friday if you’re Amerarich
You guys know the more you say “SPY” the more it goes up? Algos
I'm down 28% on MVIS lol... Don't have a lot invested, so will just sit on it and hope for the best.
[deleted]
Mind boggling how people can get thru life without constantly changing wealth. What else is there in life outside of obtaining as much wealth as you possibly can?
See you next paycheck
"Stay at home orders" are not lockdowns.  Sheesh, Americans.

Call me when they string the razor wire up around your neighborhood.
I am....

Cheer up January not that far away/student loan checks hit,
started doing this after I lost more than half of my gainz. every three months or so I go full retard and gamble a little. but I do not want to go down that stress-hole like before
Oh dear
Lmao yeah robinhood is the problem
No compute. Yoloing NIO calls.
1. Accept a loss 
2. Use stops
3. Follow trend, wait for turns
4. Do not force yourself to trade everyday
5. This I can't comment in it
6. Weeklies are only for a sudden news to be sold right away even with a small (reasonable) gain

Keep faith and focus on your life happiness
linkedin is full of retards. just a bunch of people talking about their career goals and "passions". my only passion is making tendies, and careers are boring as fuck. fuck that shit. also, ladies only care about building their network. linkedin is the worst dating app out there, and I don't recommend it
[deleted]
imagine believing the worlds most prominent billionaire obsessed with futurism and transhumanism could be capable of a mortal death. his consciousness has probably been fully digitized and backed up already
You can afford shares?
OP’s mom just set it up in to keep neighbors safe
>does one fuck up this badly?

Hmm? This is the fate of the avg autist tho, only the very best lose mils, guh.
The put that is two strikes in the money is cheaper than the call that is two strikes out of the money for 11/20. RIP bears
They all invested in $ROPE
how we doing boys? tried to stay off this subreddit but my retardness brings me back. everyone good? we still in red everyday? miss you guys
i was doing this but now i'm 50/50 with my portfolio
[deleted]
Grandma holding pot stock 😎
Strong username to thread ratio
Why? It’s a micro cap   


And proof of positions or ban.
Godspeed. I got a good feeling about this week
🤪
4 employees. Sus
Hmmm yes, the autism is strong in this one.
not sure if i would say the same thing in your situation. But hey, kudos for bravery
which is what happened to a lot of the stimulus money. went straight up the chimney that is robinhood ;)
Gorillas are scrappy and have insane strength pound for pound. Bears are slow and less coordinated. If it misses one swipe its done for
If you become a contact tracer and also national guard you never have to worry about covid because no one will find out who you’re with and no one will give you the vaccine thank you for reading this is the part where you can smash that like button and comment and follow for more hilarious post here on the one and only Wall Street bets crowd goes wild cue outro and we’re out that’s a wrap guys good one have a safe drive
F
This is the cutest mom and son bday story i have heard so far
What’s BABA gonna be EOD tomorrow?
Or, do the exact same thing again.
It’s a Saturday night and you’re at home by yourself. Give your dick a break and read something. /s
How much to suck a duck? Winter is basically here and I have a whole paddling looking for a good time.
BYND$ 145 EOW
Why would they ever do that
HELL YEAH BULLISH 140 EOW
Yeah all the ogs are gone 

Only noobs now that never even sucked 4 cocks in there lives and don’t know shit about life
Holy shit that’s literally like half a mill...
He is on WSB so the baby is not his. It is his wife’s boyfriend’s.
Thanks. It takes real skill to be this stupid. 

I’d like to thank my mom and dad for giving me these genes and abandoning me as a child

The subsequent drug abuse that has led to consistently poor life decisions 

And most importantly God, for blessing me with the ability to constantly reach new peaks of stupidity
Aa long as you didn't sell ... Just takes longer to recover loses .. right?
Let’s regroup when profit 😂
Make a left soon as you pass the yellow special kid sign, first house on your right. Just ring doorbell. I’m home
According to my doctor my balls are "enlarged" lmao what a dumbass. This guy has no idea how much NIO is about to take off and he is too worried about my abnormally enlarged testicles puts on doctors and medical "professionals".
What made you buy when it was 1.22? Curious
Plugging your wife is enough of a gamble for me... I like playing poker while you like playing 4 color roulette.
When a college kid mysteriously loses $5000 it’s always because of drugz or stonkz. No exceptions
You guys rock!  😂
Want me to do witchcraft for u babeeeee
No that's lame gotta gamble with *some* amount of money
Hey retards buy TGB February calls
No bullshit I put ice water in mine the other night, the ice was still frozen when I woke up 10 hours later
Meaning hold for 5 years?
Saw that but don’t think it’d be enough to save BABA or at least the people holding November calls aka me.
This is not the wayyyy
Top ticked a meme stock, excellent work!
Did you give him a nice tip afterward?
It’s like LSD... on... LSD... ORDER OF MAGNITUDE GREATER 0-0
I saw a big bat this morning it’s a signnn
Ask the robinhood sub.
I have a yeti thermos, amazing product. I’m in
[deleted]
Seeing this makes me grateful for being hit with PDT.
Stock rotation to Asia on Monday as trade pact signed, successfully. Alibaba finally get all the gold he deserves.
Nio is going to shit the bed
🥺🥺🥺😭😭🖕
does anyone else only buy shares and live their options dreams vicariously thru the retards on this sub
Yes yes my witchcraft is powrfulllll New York lockdown is next I called it this shit is workinggggg my Netflix calls going to print babeeeeee
How long should I hold these shares then? 2030?
Unemployment line is a 10 minute application online, 
Make a bet or work for someone who make bets
Why, you want to maintain your artistic independence at dick sucking?
No. No not at all actually
I thought the reason baba dipped was the antitrust thing that china is putting up. Also they have a class action lawsuit against then rn
NIO 12-04 33.5 and 12-24 45 should I hold through earnings?
Only 43% is less or more?
Got it, buy CVS calls on margin
Coulda woulda shoulda, why do you waste your money like this? This could change the lives of dozens of people, why not donate it or paper trade or just giving someone else the money completely. Do you derive pleasure from not being able to make money and losing a million dollars?
This chat is dead .. gone are so many
Convfefe you mean
Efficacy would be the word you want
Fuck You Dumb Bitch Fuck. TBK$ To The Moon
Happy bj-day
Smart man
It’s Sunday my dudes! Go to church, open grindr, have some fun
How have been Black Fridays for ya in the last years? Theres no way its always like shown in videos where ppl just step on everyones heads just to get whatever they want.
BEYOND MEAT
Hope it wasn't a lot of money to you!
GREAT write up.  I make similar moves. I never worry about taking profit...somedays breaking even is a win.  Hopefully u helped some folks here.
Hold. SU to 22 by EOY
These lessons are all BS. The only lesson you should have learned is "Stay away from trading anything.".
You probably have a gambling addiction if you have not realized this by now. Seek help the moment you ever feel the urge to buy another option.
Lockdowns here in Washington/Seattle starting to amp up again and I’m honestly very depressed. I hope I can make it through this winter mentally. 

Puts on spy while I’m still here
Are we giving this guy the WSB trader of the year award?
how would she find out tho
Elon have Schrödinger rona
LMFAO, yea Robinhood is to blame, not mr u/options13
Anybody open to some bear sex?
Youre doing yeoman's work
Has nothing to do with anything, and I don't listen to this artist on a regular, but holy shit, Antisocial featuring Travis Scott is a BANGER!
Doesn't describe me at all. I'm an autistic man child.
Yeah.. I miss the days when there was clubs

Cry in eurpean
Me
That post is over three years old
Fuck me man. I was really REALLY hoping it was rich parents
Wtf u have kids ?

Why 

Why would u bring new life to this world cold and ruthless 

Especially when your a wage slave your self wtf dude
Don't be ashamed of using stop losses, portfolio saver!
Happy birthday ! Congrats on the gains wish I could say the same lol
[removed]
Sure but what are you doing to rectify this situation? Are you holding yourself responsible and accountable for the retarded shit you did? Do you acknowledge what you did was stupid? Will you try to learn from it? What can you do now to earn money? I saw you don’t have a job etc. donate plasma and sperm for 2 months and you should have about half of what you put in, sell some old clothes or anything else. Sign up to be a door dash, grub hub etc. driver and earn a bit of cash. Stop being retarded and accepting your self instilled fate of poor mental health(retardation)
[deleted]
NYC rumors of ANOTHER FUCKEN LOCKDOWN DUDE NO FUCKEN WAY!!!!!!

:( 

My escorts are not making money man 

All the Asian massage places just reopened like wtf 🤬 

And no 600 stimuls payment for the poors
Yooo no no no I honestly don't think your doing this right.  I mean YouTube has many free videos with many experienced people to teach you more. I think you need to put in more time researching your picks before you start trading.  Good luck!
You dumb fucks are missing the bigger picture. Between Nov 18 and Feb this stock is going to be at 80-100. Massive earnings result will ramp it up over Dec and then when they launch the sedan on NIO day, this thing is going rocket. Watch and see. Don't listen to the Bears, they seriously have no idea.
Hey I might be wrong but I already harvested my cream of the crop and I’ll hold off until the actual price is justified.
[deleted]
Miss those days where I was occasionally comfortable in myself to hit up the clubs and go bat shit crazy.
Shut the fuck up
I love the music that plays in the film. Great movie.
Exactly.
Do I have to open a diagonal spread all at the same time or can I sell calls against my long call at any point?
As a 26 year old this kind of shit scares the shit out of me.
Why would you believe anything from china?
Sounds like you need to pray to the CCP
Yikes
What has this group become ? This is exactly the type of advice this young lad needs to hear
I put it at the beginning for a reason
Trump is that you?
how often did the MMs tried to screw you up since september? the narrative: drop green tech and switch to red value, cause they're bagholding since march, or lose. I'm not fucking buying airlines! so, many decided to switch the market
[removed]
Lol.. you poor fool.
TLDR.....
Bro maybe its run up so much in anticipation of good earnings?
God bless Granny! Good choice.
Meaning is found in bearing responsibility. Check out some Jordan Peterson and keep your head up 🤙🏼
-said everyone waiting at the unemployment line.
See HB Gary
I'm holding 120 BABA shares at around $265, selling weekly covered calls, plus bought a whole bunch of various calls on BABA ($270-300 expiring 3-9 months out).
My second point, no shame in admitting you need help. Trading isn't for everyone, I like to think my years and years of poker/roulette trained me for options. It prepared my stomach for the severe extreme gains and losses. I would like to say you can learn from this, but sometimes the lesson is you are not built for trading. I don't know you however, maybe you come back and build your account no problem. Either way, the important thing is to learn something.
[deleted]
Don’t blow your whole load, but I’m extremely confident this company has a significant amount of room to grow
idk what u retards doing puts are free money in this bear market
lets hope he recovers from the deadly soar throat and sniffles
Lol
'I know they can do it' - guy with 800 in checking, of which half is going to Chinese adr
Went all in on leaps on BABA, FUTU, and JD last week. Thots?
Everything I read says it wasn't a decided date to sell, but rather a decided price to sell when it hits it and the vaccine pump caused it to hit said price. Who knows what'll happen in this roller coaster though.
i'll be back
So that’s more than 100 years
[deleted]
Thx for this! I actually read all of it. I appreciate it
Nio calls and spy puts? I have some news for you buddy boy.
I respect you for respecting this game! Need to learn how to trade stocks and understand how that works before trading options (which so many on here don't)!
Peak 🌈🐻
Ford did a lame van concept art video. I mean idea is cool but we have plenty of idea companies already we need something cohesive.
Didn't tank too bad when the first test results came. If the SpaceX launch goes well and he's vocally "Feel a little under the weather but like I'm fine" it'll probably just be as flat as ever. Maybe spike to $420 at open before bleeding back down.

Straddles or options sold against your shares.
[deleted]
So you fall under the TLDR category... also, 1-2% daily and up to 200% daily off of a 80-10-10 portfolio with no bonds is pretty darn good(could’ve had 1000% if I would’ve gone 80-10-10 last Friday-Monday.... ............
[deleted]
Ban
embrace losing don’t fear it 
Have some nuts and make a bet; don’t over think it
You are wise beyond your years. Godspeed friend. Don't rush wealth and definitely not happiness. They come and go like the tide if you let them.
Hey you’re only one rotation away from outperforming everyone. Just do your due diligence and research every little thing including bond yields and long momentum(rsi) before jumping in the market to ensure you make money.
Stock price plummets, then rebounds to the 300s for a while before people realize its still a good company and it would hit 400 again early next year
give it to me and i'll send u back double :)
You woke up from a one day coma?
I find minty ones work best.
There are easier and faster ways to get hep c.
That wasn't spit, it was the previous dude's jizz
[deleted]
I agree with what /u/the13thrabbit said. March $300s even better. However, if you have the cash for it and just to be safe? I'd play the Jun 18th $270C for $30.65 a piece. Even though China is usually a lot quicker on rules and regulations than the US, I think this will take a few months to play out (not just regulations but the ANT IPO as well). This should net you anywhere between -20% and +120%. You're limiting your upside but also your downside. Also, no chance BABA doesn't make it back to $300. It's just a matter of when.
*responsibly retarded lol
I use to go to the casino 3 times a week before Covid closed my casino. Obviously I switched my Casino addiction for options. Went back to the casino for the first time tonight tho after 10 months. I gotta say, it's nothing compared to options. You can't gain or lose as fast at the casino as you can on options, even the roulette wheel takes to long to spin. Anyway my point, options trading can be worse than your normal gambling addiction.
Fuck yes. First stop $WMT earnings tuesday.
So u saved it in ten years but need a lifetime to recover. You truly are retarded
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/AncientNewspaper9 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Fuck yes i love christmas decorations, shit is jolly as fuck
Hmmmm I didn’t see these few letters in these positions here before so you might be smart and know what you’re doing
You could have just invested in DIA and made like 30% lmao
Where does the time go man? One day your young with your entire future ahead of you. The next day you're the man of the house, who has to hold his family together. It's surreal how fast it all happens. There's some truth in the saying that youth is wasted on the young.
NIO puts
You lost me at 5-10% return. That’s what my 401K is for. I’m here for the thrill
I did 😁
It closed about 50 cents below your break even on friday, how did you do in the end?
Nio puts if you have huge nuts
i'm loaded to the tits on christmas decorations this year. hell yeah
Isn’t PLTR some random, CIA-esque defense company?? What makes you all think it’s a good play? You don’t know anything they don’t want you to know about it....
This is why I come here
I dunno... I'm more of a Target and Vons guy myself.
Dude, he's clearly mentally impaired, dont bully. Also, what does corner a stocks price movement mean?
[deleted]
I don't know what it is, but in the late hours of the night, you look at life just differently.
God damn nice. Good luck to you man I hope you hit it massive. Make sure you start taking some gains though!
Diamond hands are alpha by nature. Can handle pressure. Paper hands are betas and get scared easy. They say this is why guys with high test cant make it in the stock market..
Yessir, the new 🌊
But if you don't control it, eventually everyone will get covid. Although you and I (assuming healthy) probably won't die, millions will. It could be your parents.
[deleted]
Just gonna try to pretend it didn’t happen?
And faked sales iirc.
This is perhaps the most retarded thing ever written on here. And given the subreddit, thats an accomplishment! You aren't smart dude, hate to break it to you.
Because they live with us, smarty pants. In the same houses. How are they supposed to quarantine, live in a basement like yourself?
[deleted]
All I have are some Stanley Nickels, what does that award me?
Well at least you have two jobs that can make you money.
Not gonna lie but you had me in the first half.
Not if you like your own
I did have 500K plus gains between Robinhood, Schwab and Fidelity between Nov 2019-Dec 2019 but lost all. I haven't posted those losses here. I have added and withdrawn several times on Robinhood and it make it difficult to track accurately. 
When I was 500K plus, I originally had only about 50K invested. But have added more as I lost more. 
So yes, If I had held on to all the gains, it wouod have been 800K plus between all 3 of my accounts.
[deleted]
I guessed 4 cards suits in a row. Fuck it yolo SPY puts for Friday
Would have been nice if your performance was shortable.
Hey I’m from options exclusive (tm), a Sunday for people wishing to learn more about options and have a great time doing it! I’m a regular redditor just like you!
Op is unemployed per his other comments but yes you could claim a 3k deduction/year.
Yeah I’m honestly just going to make some myself, I haven’t tried it since my cashews became walnuts
Give an example of what you mean using whatever stock please.

I sell otm Iron condors, but I have not sold itm covered calls etc..
Cheesy bread add bacon for a more concentrated grease experience
Hey you took the time to give a little advice to someone younger that you haven’t ever met, that alone makes you neither a loser or an average Joe in my book. Neither of those things are determined by money. Having a lot of money just makes things easier because you don’t have to spend a significant amount of your time worrying about it or trying to acquire it
what happened was the WHO flew to CHina and were led to a room where they were forced to eat Xi's asshole and then they went home and told everyone "china looks good to me"
Just asking for a friend
Yeah but in a good way
You could’ve been like the others and bought calls, so it ain’t all bad
It hasn't happened yet, look at the short interest right now
Capital. Capitol is a building, let's pretend we've opened a book before!
Do you think if I go to Fantastic Sams on Monday they can hook me up with a Dog the Bounty Hunter cut for $14.00
I am always skeptical with them. I wonder to myself if they pump stocks just to get retail to FOMO into them. 

All because I saw an interview once with Cramer where he talked about making money off manipulation. I’ll see if I can find the source.

Edit: https://youtu.be/gMShFx5rThI
I made a mint on MGM and RRR shares back in June, then lost it when i discovered options.  Finally figured the game out and I'm back positive, getting ready to go long shares on MGM again if we get a decent drop on shutdown 2.0 fears.
Grow some balls retard
They didn’t need to. Seeing millions locked down should have spoken for itself
hes literally pulling an andrew left citron move right now lol
I'd be glad selling you those calls
Interesting article. It’s interesting to learn that there is such a technique that a group of people just sell their stock below the national best bid in order to drive the price down. But how does this technique actually work? How many people should cooperate on this together to achieve the goal crushing the price of a stock?
Literally everyone in wsb
[deleted]
Elon brings the stock price with him to heaven, as the prophecy foretold
Literally should have done the.exact opposite on every one of your moves.
whyyy are you like this
He either bought them already in the money as more of an “investment” or bought out of the money but yes they are in the money now. He’ll just go deeper and deeper into the money increasing profit
same man
“Intrude too much” lol bro
VIX Calls on your account.
Not fake dear fellow trader.. I wish it was paper money. I have been devastated and went through a depression like phase for months due to continuous losses. I was chasing losses but could never really recover and the core strategy was to buy short term  puts. Retrospectively, the worst strategy in the biggest bull and bubble market of all times.
Nobody trusts China
[deleted]
Gonna drop a bunch of cash into boomer ass calls Monday. Should be fun.
Don't be a pussy. YOLO everything on the next WSB flavor-of-the-month Chinese penny stock.
But bro, she was so into you.
My little sister made that last week. I thought it would be gross af but it ended up being a hit!
Why are you recommending stocks to people who have to borrow money from their children and haven't paid it back years later?
I agree with this recommendation, Ford has done pretty well lately
[removed]
this what you see before you pull up to WSB
U 1 of them?
Man, I hope you’re joking.
So either 800 will be 1 or 1500.  Sir, this is a casino.
I mean if you like one penis (including your own), does that make you gay even if its your own penis
[deleted]
Can’t it be written off of his yearly income? (Assuming OP has a job)
350k?! Please say you’ve quit.
Ye
This is a really helpful write-up, and I appreciate you taking the time to put it up. Thanks bud
Absolutely not rich parents. They are lower middle class. All of these was my hard earned money over 10 plus years. Retard and impulsive decisions.. Like a gambling addiction. Took me a long time to realize what I was getting myself into. Too late to little.
lost $750 on $ZNGA calls last week on some random advice I saw here on wsb. Guess I live in the neighborhood.
Is that the game where a bunch of guys get in a circle and jerk off onto a biscuit and the last one has to eat it?
[deleted]
How about VGT or other unlevered ETFs to avoid idiosyncratic risks
YOLO options are the way to go
CVS pharmacist here. Vaccines are extremely high margin, like $20 a pop. This won’t just be a PR move or a charity case.
Geez....
Let me back track though. If you hit something, your life is gonna be dope lol
Sounds like you found a safe way to gamble $$ and still beat inflation and cap gains tax. Dangerously close to r/investing shipmate! I'll name my second boat after you when I get a parlay to finally pay out.
Does liking penis make you gay?
Vxx stock(options too expensive), PSTH(long hold2+ years and I bought at $23 which was a bit high), HSBC(bought at $18), VRS, CRS, CCL $16p 11/20, SRNE $7 1/21 c, DB 1/21 10p/12c wedge, QQQ 270p 12/21
Whoa, hold on. **80% cash and 10% stock** with **1% leverage**?? This WallStreet*Bets*, not r/investing
always have been a retard

fixed it :)
Same boat, over leveraged on 5x for 11/11 sales report but shit went south and almost hit SL at 260. Averaged it a bit, SL at 240 and it is slowly bleeding me out. This thing gotta moon.
Calling it a “wage-cuck” makes me think you’ll be back as soon as life gets hard and you’re looking for a pick me up.
lmfao
>Well guys I just submitted my application for grad school. I may be an autist but I’m an autist with goals

Nice. What faculty?
Ya. That shit yummy yummy in me tummy
Great advice! I have definitely learned my lesson to take profits and stick to a plan.
[removed]
Exactly.
That's right. I haven't posted my Charles Schwab 100K losses and 100K in Fidelity account.. So about 600K plus losses in a year..
Thank's man. Personally I take every gamble I think id a win. But here I am, almost 40 talking about stocks with a 22 year old. I may be one of the biggest loser but I may be an average Joe. I just want you to know you have other options then gambling it to become successful. You still have time
They say acceptance is the first step of getting over an addiction../ but it seems you’re accepting that you’re going to die... not accepting that you have a gambling problem... 🤔
Not really a yolo it was a pretty gradual descent (sounds like a fucking airplane lmao) I peaked in March 2020 with spy puts and then just fucked up the whole money printer era by buying puts.
Fucking just told an older coworker this. Fuck doing this for 25+ for a paycheck...
Lol wait what about mvis? Is that talked about on here? My best friend has been telling me about it for years and every time I looked its just crashed another 25pct. Is it a wsb meme?
What’s TD Ameritrade?
She suck it good then she swallow that, Sour Patch Kids!!! / Low self esteem growing up, I was a fat kid!!! 🎶😎
Wtf happened lol
Why do you spend all day on WSB/trading if it’s “just money”/“doesn’t matter”/all end up in the same place. Shouldn’t you go enjoy your life then instead of chasing useless “just money?” 

It’s time. It’s not money. It’s 5 years he could have taken off work that now he can’t.
Not possible. If it trades sideways momentarily either tech will get bought up or value sold off.
Do you guys remember eating worms in dirt as a kid. The pudding with crushed up Oreos and gummy worms, that whisky euphoria just broke my heart
There's also a gap around $63. Gaps don't have to fill but if it does go down there, then yeah, good spot to buy. Personally, I'm waiting to see if it goes below 200 to go in big.
Actually painful to read.
Institutional investors haven’t still got much chance to enter into this whole ordeal.

Only recently, ARK entered, Soros entered.

After the restriction period goes away, this one could  dip and print further.
Yah that’s horrible advice lmfao holy shit
F
Here is the best 4 tips after 7 years trading that I learned, took me a while to get it:

1. Cut your losses, literally learn that its better to leave with 50% of your money than nothing or negative.
2. You never lose if you take a profit, for exampleI was up 3,500% on a mining stock and greedy me just pulled the initial investment like 500 , instead of taking 7k enteded up with 1200.
3. Dont fall in love for a company/ position, the whole point is to get $$ not seeing the fucker green in your account. Cash is kaang to buy new positions.
4.  Dont YOLO everything in one trade, spread it in thousands( 1k,2k, to 5k) in different companies and no more than 5k positions unless you really want to get lucky and risk losing everything (hence you for example)
What did you yolo?
You mean #]^[}g-13xi?
As legit as LK sales numbers?
China put Wuhan and hubei province on absolute lockdown. The rest of the world decided to take the wait and see approach.

What the fuck happened? Could governments just not believe something so awful was real?
You can’t even spell “retard”, retard
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hopefully once NIO crashes Monday we will rid this sub of these 12yr old fortnite streamers turned day traders.
Thanks homie
do billionaires die from covid
Reuters? Is this even credible? Looks fake af like an Onion article or something. Talk to me when someone credible like Hannity or Tucker Carlson mention it

Edit: The troll comment is officially under the bridge
I mean, at 60k/year, it still means 5 years of his life working after taxes. He could have lived in the islands for 5 years. Never working. Instead he will work.
You buy the dip and wait for the weird named kid to take over and take you to tendie town
1 retarded cunt down
Train to Busan is great too I recommend it lol
That's due to the knowledge imparted from the WSB retards and autists. I was able to hold on for a long time. I discovered WSB in March and leart a lot since..
It’ll take 5 years of labor after tax for him to get that back. 5 years of the one life you get. Fuck.
I can't believe this needs to be explained, but not everyone with a underlying condition lives alone. They might live with other family members who are healthy. With what you're proposing, the healthy family members would not be eligible to stay home and collect stimulus, so that means they need to go out and work. And when they go out and work, there's a good possibility they will bring it back home
Me and grimes getting married ❤️ ☺️
Not so scary overall, but very authentic, and esthetic.
I still simply can not believe people play options with actual savings. I have never thrown down more that I could afford to throw down at a black jack table. Jesus Christ man. God speed to you.
Bots are made by the scalpers. The reason they are active is because scalpers know they can buy all the GPUs available and deliver a profit. Take for example NVDA produces an arbitrary number of additional GPUs. Demand for GPUs stays the same but supply increases. There's 2 things that happen in this scenario:

1. Bots continue to buy all GPUs available, their profit margins reduce (possibly to zero or below) because demand stays the same but supply drastically increases. They suddenly have an insanely large quantity of graphics cards and demand cannot support their profit. They stop the bots from buying.

2. If bots don't stop buying all the additional GPUs available, scalpers have to increase the price to compensate for the loss of profit. At a point, people will look for complimentary complimentary goods. Then, scalpers stop bots from buying all NVDA supply.


I'm glad they're fixing the bot issue but this is why supply was the fundamental issue with NVDA. Definitely dug themselves a hole.
Didn't even hit the 21 days EMA line. You should sell and buy again at 35. Next week doesn't look good for NIO buddy.
Why friday and not right after earnings?
Puts
Definitely has potential, Asia love scooters
💯💯💯
Reinforces the point that “you don’t make money when you sell, you make money when you buy”.
Yeah pretty much any stock that ends up mooning will have buzz around it for a long time before that, BUT so many other stocks that never run up like that will get the exact same buzz so it still becomes a crapshoot if you go off of hype solely like that.
How is PLTR going to moon? Just curious
So true
nerd
No inherentance but all of that was my hard earned money that I earned and saved over 10 years. I'm fking retarded to lose it all. Will take a lifetime to recover but I'll post when I do recover.
[deleted]
You’re not a teacher are you
Short term dump*. It’ll pump so crazy over the next decade. But it’s going to 35 Tuesday
Good to know!
You sir, are a hero.
Only thing I can say is.. F
Lmao nice what country is this in?
You too homie, I appreciate the perspective on this
I am deep in the red on BABA, bought at 310, bought the dip and got my average down to 298 but it kept dropping. Down like -$1600 on the shares. Bought 11/20 and 11/27 calls last week.
F
Looks like a fun bet, hate that it didn't work out for you. 

Never gamble what you can laugh at losing and move on with no change to your lifestyle. This isn't r/investing or r/smartmoneymoves, this is fun money gambling.  

Kick ass in college. Follow the market. Get a good job, and then we'll see you making smart money moves on here in a few years.
We all do. Best of luck gambling
That and world war z.  Fast zombies are super scary.
[removed]
Autistic retard*

Edit: oh, pleonasm
Beyond Raw Gummy worm 😍
F
Why do I feel like this week gonna be a  🦀 market

Scuttle sideways baby
accurate

then you're officially a heart breaker
He didnt lose.   His money was transferred to a different account.
It happened
The initial steady part was all stock trading where I went nowhere. Then I went all retard in weeklies

Then I bought Tesla and Bausch call options that exploded after Q32019 ER. Also made big on Shopify puts (yes puts) and Roku calls and puts by pure luck. Was close to 475K on Nov 13 2019. 

Then Walmart calls fcuked me bad as I had 1600 $125 strike calls and I knew ER was going to be good as Walmart had invested big in e-commerce then. WMT opened up the next morning and I crossed 500K transiently but then it rapidly collapsed  to below $120 and I lost like 90-100K in a day. Then I started chasing my losses (biggest mistake).  

Being a long term Tesla bull, I quickly realized it was going in bubble territory when it crossed $420 and I started buying puts and boy I was so WRONG! It was a relentless pump and all my puts would expire worthless. I bought puts during each ER thinking now it would come down to earth or at least pull back a bit. BUT No. The bubble keeps getting bigger.

Shopify and Apple puts also killed me a lot. I wouid only buy put on those after they had a long bull runs and those pigs would still go up. 

I was extremely unfortunate to have iron condors on various positions in Feb when market collapsed and I actually lost money instead of making a fortune despite being a gay bear. I also bought calls on good companies like NVDA, MSFT, Google, AMD, Regeneron, EW, Ulta, etc but ny timing was so fkued up that I barely made any money. 

I bought and sold 1000s of puts and 100s of calls but kept losing every week until June end. 

In short nothing worked for me.. absolutely nothing. 

Key lessons:
1) Never chase losses
2) Manage positions really well
3) Don't short a cult stock irrespective of valuation 
4) take a break if nothing is going your way
5) Don't be a gay bear. Bulls are always rewarded better than a bear even if they might be right 50% of the times
6) Don't buy weeklies. Those almost always lose. 

I actually discovered WSB quote late (in March) and autists here helped me in slowing down my losses...Otherwise, I would have been out long time ago..
Nah I expect single digit roi and I hope for quadruple digit daily returns. I don’t know about those companies and I would need 2 days of Dd to give you an honest opinion. I’m sorry for being unable to help. Personally I am 90% cash 5% stock and 5%options because I’m nervous about the market. I am assuming CCL is capped at $17 and AAL at $13 due to their 1.5b each in stock sales. Since they both run on etfs either that is their cap or a lot of people are about to overpay for stock if bond yields go up. A decent wedge would be CCL puts with UAL or DAL calls, but that’s expensive(not CCL puts which makes me think it is gonna drop). I like CRS and VRS long, as they will jump if bond yields rise significantly(been in on both since 7.50vrs and 17.50 CRS). As people panic sell in December I plan on buying in and selling out the day after inauguration. My theory is that cyclicals have to go up and even out before markets will tank.
You did a quicksave at some point with F5, right?
[deleted]
Good luck!!!
That’ tweets source: trust me bro. I just don’t get how that 6% statistic is wrong. Explain to me
He literally said it’s “up and down” but okay guy I can’t deal with a person like you today or any time in the future. Enjoy.
Was reading a Bloomberg article the other day that was mentioning that Wall Street will be looking at the efficacy of the vaccine compared Pfizer’s baseline, which is 90%. If it doesn’t hit that then you’ll probably see a drop. If it’s better then you’ll see it jump up.

The amount of risk you want to dedicate to the play is up to your own tolerance my friend.
That's no different than Thursday when he first took the 4 tests
It's not how I'm putting it it's how the article you referenced debunked your own smooth brain logic lmao
Premium is garbage
Lol too long not reading it, total snooze fest. Stonks only go up Nio $150c 11/20
They’re shares. Who cares. It’ll go to 35 after earnings. You can buy more. And it’ll be $200 by 2030
ccp isn’t gonna let nio dip that far
I think that the left is just so fucking bad at explaining their thoughts and when they get questioned they spazz out and cancel someone.
You’re definitely right but essentially boils down to their rate of burning calories. Which can be tested and measured. There is literally no way around the burn more calories than you eat and you lose weight, eat more calories than you burn and you gain weight. At its most basic level it boils down to the law of conservation of mass
Baba stock is great for sure but not sure about your play on the option. After all its not the fundamentals dragging the price down but the polictics with CCP
There's a reason the CEO sold a shit ton of shares the next day. And to the people who say it was "planned" ahead of time for him to sell. You're not wrong but you a retarded because they decided the sell date in August, presumably knowing the results, and what op mentioned.
Yeah, still missing the bit saying his condition is worse
I have seen multiple comments about this. I will look into it.
The entirety of WSB has NIO calls yo
100 percent reality.  They are so lost.
Flu and cold has been around long enough for a semi global immunity to occur and there’s also vaccines for strains of the flu
does that hooker post in wsb
BABA 350 eow? This benefits especially e-commerce.
NIO will tank to 35 on earnings short term. Undoubtedly $200 by like 2025/2030.
Damn. All in on freezer companies
What happened to the GME short squeeze I was promised?
Did you even read the Reuters article I linked? Or should we [try this again ](https://www.reuters.com/article/health-coronavirus-musk-idUSKBN27V01K)

Edit: in case you can’t read here’s directly from him, “A little up & down. Feels just like a regular cold, but more body achy & cloudy head than coughing/sneezing," the Tesla CEO wrote in reply to a user asking about symptoms. bit.ly/3lwSRG9
28 Days Later is probably the scariest zombie movie
The statistic remains the same regardless of how you put it. But I would like to be enlightened on how it can be wrong.
Damn, this crazy, how have I not heard a peep about this anywhere.
Still missing the part where his condition is getting worse.
This is the way
What’s this? Someone not losing on WSB? A mockery.
Scoundrels
Mods: encourage high quality post

wsb front page: **why HTZ is going to 50**
If Elon dies Tesla will look just like Apple but without all the cash
Decent long term DD. Horrible for the average WSB’er making monthly plays.

Pretty inaccurate claims though. America easily has competitors beyond Elon, and the notion that only 25% of China will be EV in 2025 is understating it.
Before I see anyone else calling people dumbfucks and “spreading fake news” let’s check out this [Elon article from Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/health-coronavirus-musk-idUSKBN27V01K)
How did you find out about the short since I didn’t realize until it was too late
What is this? Find a way to get Robinhood or ban
I want to have a cushion that will pay my rent for a while and allow me to save most to the money I earn
Wow. It looks like you made the wrong move every time.
Israeli heath agencies say many booster shots will be needed per person per year
"Those saying ‘only 6% die from COVID-19 alone,’ or some derivation thereof, don’t understand how infectious diseases work,” Ryan McNamara, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a virologist who studies HIV, wrote in a Twitter post."

It answers your own question...
There's no evidence his condition is getting worse, idiot
It's like this anytime the market is stagnant. When we have a larger move, people will flood back. It also happens when people are culled after following a stock blindly aka NIO.
Well guys I just submitted my application for grad school. I may be an autist but I’m an autist with goals
Let us know where we can sign mom, my mom’s asking too
Tesla becomes no more

Stock goes to maybe 100
Maybe before calling people dumbfucks you should actually know what you’re talking about.
You either crash and burn with a crack addicted tranny at 4am behind the church parking lot or you be smart and work toward that ladyboy you always wanted.
are those bears actually fighting? I think they "like to tussle" 🌈🐻
I might sell a put spread but this stock is already jacked.
Calls on NIO, got it
believe what u want but it is from my grandma
What I want to know is how so many people got covid so quickly. Were they thinking “im vaccinated now bitch, YEET” without realizing they could have had the placebo?

Also, not sure why you are convinced the efficacy will quickly drop.
You realize you just made the case for puts... Elon has 2 favorites in China selling 2x more cars than NIO. And the cars are nicer, better brand, and oh, $11,000 cheaper come Jan 2021.

Oh. You’re talking 2025/2030. Sure. Your shares (whatever those are) will be super valuable in a decade. No doubt. Thought this was WSB tho 

It’s going to 35 after earnings tho. Set a reminder.
Open 42.50 close 36.45
The plan was for an earnings pop! Didn’t happen haha.
someone will step up 

tesla team will be motivated by his death and control the universe by 2030
Famous last words
[ugh](https://www.reuters.com/article/health-coronavirus-musk-idUSKBN27V01K)
[deleted]
So why do you need 1000% gains right now? Because you want a hot wife? Or because you want a hot wife and hookers?
Biggest so far of course! Looking forward to more but not similar ones I hope
Move up?
Yea I always have to drink coffee or I do some dumb shit
DD checks out.
oh well we get in now that's all there is to it
Tesla become nikola
Rotation from TSLA to NIO
I have deeeeeeep ITM calls for NIO but still shitting my pants on Monday
35p, 39p, 45p all 11/20. Gonna retire off em
Man I can’t wait to yolo all my money into BABA on Monday 🤑🤑
[ugh](https://www.reuters.com/article/health-coronavirus-musk-idUSKBN27V01K)
Bro. Every stonk is going up. What type of question is that?
Couldn't find any reference to that on his Twitter. Stop spreading fake news, dumbfucks
I just don’t lose a lot! Not yet atleast.
Thanks deleting the comment now
rinse and repeat of december 2018 lows and corresponding news cycle

and im sure long before that even back to when the cave men were trading rocks
[deleted]
When did we start letting bears out?
[deleted]
It's a sat night, literally the only day we shouldn't be thinking about stocks but here we degens are. I think for some, this is the only community we have.
Lol Indeed, i read like 1/10 of this crap. Still appreciate it
Read my other comment she said she didn’t wanna sell it previously
Was that wsbgod? I remember that account did something similar, but it turned out to be a fake account made by an ex mod trying to get new people into thr sub so they could sell their garbage to a bigger audience
What happens if elon dies?
[deleted]
Dam your a waste of oxygen.
So why put such a huge burden on the rest of society? Why not force those with contributing conditions to quarantine and have the stimulus go to them while the rest of us work?
The only fight a bear can win in is a cock sucking competition 🌈 🐻
Great plays
I read it, thank you kind sir
[deleted]
Username checks out
$35 at earnings :/ but good luck
Wtf
I gotta ask, is this a life changing loss or is this just chump change for you? Deciding how aroused I should be.
Long term $200 brother. After earnings it’s going to 35 tho
[removed]
I'm in.
That’s cool. My only point is a lot of people are long even if only on individual tickers.
So OTM yolo PLTR or RKT? I don't understand...

<edit> also, sounds like you shoot for high single digit ROI. Is this weekly or monthly?
I see a lot of BUYING...
Do you ever sell options?

Might look into it.

[Theta-gang exits chat]...
6:00 pm
How do you not already know this? Everything you're stating is already common knowledge. Yes, those who are healthy has a very good survival rate, and those with underlying conditions is where it's practically a death sentence
Anytime you get the urge to trust idiot pundits on CNBC remember this line at the beginning of April. “We’re going to retest March lows.”

That one line, much repeated, cost investors billions.
Thanks, I hope we hear an update on Monday.  
What's your strike btw?
[deleted]
HAHAHAHAHAHA ^(oh you’re serious)
Yesssss but Covid was a catalyst.

A more dramatic example: someone has some sort of auto immune disease but  they are shot and murdered. While they were probably going to die from the disease, that’s still a murder statistic. 

But I do see the point you’re making, definitely makes COVID seem more deadly
I don't know why but I always read PTON as Pee a ton.
Did we just become best friends?
https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20200901/covid-19-primary-not-only-cause-94-percent-of-deaths

6% of covid deaths are just from covid. Only covid. The remaining 94% had contributing conditions
u/deah12 if you have to pick bw JD vs PDD, which one would you choose? Why has PDD grown at a faster rate than JD?
[deleted]
PLTR, NET, PK
In general yes, this is assuming a stable metabolic rate. Some individuals have metabolic rates that change as they limit intake. This can cause people who are limiting food intake and exercising to maintain their weight because their BMR drops.
Your mom put this up too keep you extra safe at night.
Twitter
Air Canada
It also takes a real toll on healthy people. Doesn’t mean they die, but the effects appear to be significant for large numbers.
Pics or ban
You realize it’s net gains
Or both. You can't go wrong if you buy both.
we need to apply darwinian theory of memes to stonks to beat the quants its the only way
AMC stock
AMC stock
NIO TOO THE MOON 🚀
it is possible 

but his covid-free brain and consciousness has already been copied onto a neural branch and uploaded to the deep cloud
Wsb requirement is 150% or more.
I’m a NIO retard
[deleted]
Agreed, but I’ve been getting so many complaints about how I don’t try to help other traders so I thought I would post this so nobody could ever say that.
Hope they do. last time it went up in 80s a couple of months back, but then came down in 60s.
Source?
Huh?
Yeah it was robinhood fault lol
DLTA
I actually make money
You're dumb
when you stop being retarded
[deleted]
how the hell does this even happen?
Lmao. I remember them years ago on Kickstarter or some shit. Can’t believe they’re entering retardation. Congratulations to them. Maybe I’ll buy in
I think they are incredibly smart and absolutely think things through.
well i'm about to blow your mind

everyone you know and care for will die one day, some just a little bit more painful
Welcome brother
This is retarded analysis. It initially drops probability of infection by 90%. That’s a dramatic impact. Longitudinal studies will show how long that effect lasts, but these findings so far are very positive.
Yes, it is when you sell cash secured puts.
If the stock price goes below the strike, then the shares are put on you.

Once this occurs, you sell covered calls.
If the stock price goes above the strike, then you are assigned (shares taken away and you're paid as per the strike).

This completes the wheel.
Then use cash from being assigned, to sell cash secured puts again and repeat...
MSFT 3/20C flashbacks
Nice
Lol funny thing is right now I’m literally in the best shape of my life, lifting 5 times/ week consistently for 6 months now. 

It’s mostly the sloots from local bars but I’ve been feeling the same pain on tinder also lol
[deleted]
I would say "positions or ban" but I'm guessing your position is on your knees behind the Wendy's.

Hope the pay is good.
Does he have covid?
And the day before the election was like July 1st. Time's all fucked up these days.
That guy has terrible handwriting
Point being?

Double that amount and another 100k, now compress those deaths into 8 months. Does that sound low to you?
[deleted]
Don’t act like you didn’t take that picture from your drive way..... smh
sounds like that coke was laced with my pre-workout
Therefore undervalued right now

Think big man
Show all time
If you’re talking about exercising something like GameStop, yeah. A real company like Apple/Tesla? Most of us do not have $40 grand lying around.
Lower than my balls in the Texas heat
Reduce volatility pls xd
My mans tinder is free
fuck cigs invest that money in a decent ona-hole and some good lube then spend the rest on premium porn subs or onlyfans if you're into that shit
[excuse you](https://www.reddit.com/r/photolinks/comments/jtoh8p/_/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
My strategy is buy high sell low and its been working out so far.
I went in more airbnb's this year than previous 2 years combined lol
i am so hyped for the chang lin wong auto IPO, i am for sure going to become a millionaire this time
people can drive up the stock price regardless of whether the company is profitable or not
I believe there were rumours that they had just put an application through for some form of testing approval on their vaccine and they would be releasing positive news in the next 2-3 weeks, could likely pump this 10-15%.
Damn, what positions did you have?
You put a lot of effort I to this. Thanks.

Shame no one will read it.
Wish she could spell
[deleted]
You’ll seem very mysterious and edgy when you have to “step out” for a smoke break. Makes you seem like you’ve got a lot going on and need a break, tinder girls will love it
They crave simp attention now more than ever because COVID interferes eith it in reality.

Not all girls are attention whereas, but a lot are, just like not all guys are pigs but a lot are. The trick is to pay no attention to the girls that are attention whores and to pursue the ones that aren't (and there are a lot of decent girls out there).
80% gain? I hold to 300% or expire worthless p much every time.

Maybe I should take notes... up 150% on NIO puts... holding for the 1000%...
Username checks out
[deleted]
>	and not produce enough of it

Big dies and a process with bad yields.
yo when do futures open
🌶👹👺💋👠🧣⛑🎒🐙🦐🦞🦀
[deleted]
continuation of friday
[deleted]
Not just a $300 cooler; They also make a $1300 cooler that u could fit a dinosaur in
you’ll die a hero
we had to take her out back
[deleted]
That if someone was bound to die from a disease they already have, I.E immunocompromised people, heart disease, cancer, kidney disease, Alzheimer’s, etc. wouldnt they already die if they got the common cold or flu?
Most everything is “fully valued”. Growth is still the most attractive sector.
What all in did you lose on?
What about all the NIO and PLTR retards? I’d guess SPY holders are more short than long though. 

I’m 100% long....
Had?
NIO in post? Upvote. Gotta get these aplgs pumpin for Monday
thanks but no thanks
[removed]
I have the shadow down pat, quit smoking cigs a little over a year ago. 

Might pick it back up
So what is going with NIO on Monday???
Idk I think it’s hilariously ironic that Elon got covid now after saying it would be gone by the end of April. Love the guy but his political/covid stance this year has been insufferable. Stick to cars and rockets and stop being an ass
Volume on this thread lower than volume on my stonks
Turn screen upside down, you're welcome!
Everyone pulling out their calculator on their computers to see how many shares they can get of NIO @ $28.
[removed]
Fancy enough to be not included here because we are pigs who like syrup in our drinks
Grow a 5 o’clock shadow and start smoking cigs
35 mph is 56.33 km/h
But this is a China company
Be yourself 😗✌️ do what you love 💗 !
just bought some stonks that’s about it
I've dealt with them a few times. Got my money back from a shittty rental that wasent up to par. They took it off the site after my complaint and refund.
Distance wise bears could top out at 35 mph and gorillas around 25-27 mph but agility wise I think a gorilla is quicker
Somehow it's robinhood's fault. Legit retard
Only 2.5 million? These peons.
What’s your point?
[deleted]
Capitalize on your gains before a COVID spike cuts contract price
Why do you use monopoly money instead of real dollars?
[deleted]
Only people long here are bag holders from selling puts at the top
Oh I thought you were getting something fancy. But that looks interesting
They are only 6% above the the February levels, dumbfuck. Which is slightly below the annual historical average returns of the stock market.
you think people who made money on this sub are good traders? No. They’re all lucky retards.
One of us
We only care about money.
Anyone else having issues with girls being extremely “teasy” lately? Maybe I’m just an ugly fuck? 

Idk, pre Covid....shit was not like this. I was hooking up semi frequently, decent girls, couldn’t complain in the slightest. 

Now everything just feels different. I’m not adapting well to the times 😕
I've heard some horror stories about airbnb for scamming and taking peoples money

Naturally, it will moon because reasons
I think you are highly overestimating a gorillas intelligence and how they’d fight. It’s not coming up with a game plan lol. It’s gonna run in there swinging and get ripped to shreds by bear claws
Never heard of TSLAs Megapack?!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I chose green first too. That means we have the biggest penises.
aggressive very long dated puts like year and half out, then stonks for another 3 and half years (gold miners and oil), then buy house with cash for half price
Don’t they make like a $300 cooler, or am I thinking of something else?
According to post history he had 500k gains at the peak so he had 800k+
After consideration I’m out .
What ? I figure 85% here are probably long.
Fanta blu. It’s like an orange juice soda but not orange soda
i really looked up Michel Vick dog data, that was hilarious
Why is he talking about things like iron condors when he using an app that asks you “stock go up” or “stock go down”
I’d pay such ludicrous amounts of money to watch top predators battle it out every week. Holy fuck I’d pay to see it just going at each other, ufc would lose every viewer to them until they themselves started fighting animals 😂
I agree with that also, but doing some of the things I want to do with said girl are. And also, let’s be honest. Most the quality ones are gone or already divorced by 27
Never had my face tingly from coke before and here I am feeling like I’m about to pass out and my face tingly but I’m about to walk to my buddies place
This is the stock equivalent of shrodinger's cat 😂
Trump has been contributing to fatal cases since covid started. Plenty of idiots to go around. 🤡🤡🤡
Rich parents are a pathway to many abilities some would consider..... unnatural
Even $30 wouldn’t be so bad long term
There’s a drain in the alley. Shit there and use those spare dollars on wmt c.
1%
[deleted]
I keep seeing that fucking sub being shilled. Are you using multiple accounts? Mods!
good point I think if it is purely strength the bear would win. but the gorilla is probably going to outsmart it and can still easily take it out at the right time....
its like a different forum. this week in particular. i guess they had another round of bans?
Some rich oil princes probably already saw this
Bear credit spreads. I agree with the position but I also believe TSLA has real potential to crash. You could sell a greater quantity of options as well without risk of ruin.
Perma bull. Some of his reasoning is awful but over a long enough time you can’t be wrong
This is the play.
Michael Vick found them 😔
Possibly
Correct me if I’m wrong but isn’t the death rate of strictly covid really low? We have 600,000 deaths from heart disease every year and I’m sure if someone with a heart disease got covid, they would die.
long campbells
Gorillas are not quicker lmfao
How do I not lose it all? Seems like you got pretty close
[deleted]
Calls on NIO AMD PFE and USA. Fair warning I only day trade so won't enter anything until I like the candlebones after market open. 


Puts on OPs science skills.  Also cool pic. Quality DD
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There should be a company that hosts these kinds of fights (for science) and let you place bets
*withdraws 1k on Friday*
Back testing is quite messy thus far may need to adjust a bit
Wrong. 🦍 are much smarter! Also, quicker/more agile.
So why is WSB bullish on PLTR again? It's not like they just started getting government contracts. They have been doing that for 17 years and they never made a profit. CEO even said theyll prob never make you money. Somehow now with an IPO and WSB retards including Cathy poots backing it's a success?
Actually, how do you feel about the NCLH 12/18 $30c for the same premium?
What toppings bruh give us info
56% of client accounts are long. What percent here do you think are long?
You could buy literally any mix of sector ETFs on the planet and make 40k per year with that kind of money......
My money was on your mom's vagina so yes, 5k
wtf happened to data dog? Also why is this shit worth 26b with 300M revenue
[deleted]
Inheritance most likely. You don't make that much money yourself being that fucking retarded
Could go either way
Got any recommendations? Only been watching tutorials about options on youtube.
Commies to the left and nazi's to the right. I'll stick to losing my cash
Do you think bears are weak or something
[deleted]
just carry a tiny bottle of water with u everywhere for cleaning like we do from middle east
I also wanna say don't think finding a girl is on a time limit. Take your time and find the right fit. A lot of people jump in without understanding the long term of it. For instance it sounds like you want ti financially be ready for a relationship before your emotionally ready for one. You can always sell your stocks, kids are for life. Or 18 years at least
Lol, domestic or not, that’s how gorillas fight bro
💚✅💹
Let's make Street Gorilla an amazon original please
Puts on the volume of wsb these days
Just wondering
Nio and xpev hit the ssr breakers, monday def green, tuesday tbh if xpev and li mooned on their shit, i think its back to 52+
Nah fuck that. I care about my future but I also don’t plan on being that fuckin lame yet. I’m playing with 1400, if I want serious gains it’s not going to be from investing in safe stocks, that’s for later when I actually have walking around money to invest lol. I’m playing with a fixed amount of money and my plan is to either ride it to 5k —> pull out half and play with the other half —> repeat. Or let that shit go to zero
Fuck it. I’ll throw a few bucks at this. I like BABA.
Am I a horrible investor??? 

No! Surely Robinhood is the problem!!
I feel you. 

Was down a good bit over the summer. 

Pulled my head out of my ass, figured out where I was fucking up, now up 100% in the last month (still down 40%) this year, but have some plays going that will fix all that.
Ha!
It's a sub for people who got picked on their entire life lol any article posted there gets flooded with nonsense right left middle doesn't matter
Hedge funds were net sellers last month. They reduced their exposure by 250k shares. Just because half of their stock was bought up by big banks and trading firms at much much lower prices, doesn’t mean they’re adding more, in fact, like I said, they‘ve been net sellers. You poor summer child.
Dude they bought it at 9.50 and not the 15$. Who cares when it became public knowledge. Their DD and decision to purchase was on a much lower multiple. 

I own shares so why don’t you buy high further increase the price
You right I thought that said buying puts 😂
It’s what social media does. Gotta get those clicks so they push outrageous stuff that they know people will click on, spirals out of control.
Great call
Being gay pays out insanely when timed correctly!
You might be surprised...
[deleted]
Soooo selling puts would be perfect
So true, in Australia all the analysts were saying to sell CSL when it was at $270. The fact that they will probably help manufacturer and distribute the vaccine for a large part of Asia was never mentioned lol.
Then you'll sell it, just before it pops.
Why do you ask?
Harambe RIP 🪦
People can’t even feed themselves who’s gonna airbnb
Love a pretty skyline
Pltr calls?
Dis is da way
Second option with current interest rates
Why do people risk entire portfolio for trades, use DD, back test your trade look at charts. Support and resistance, rsi, stop losses. Trade with a portion of account, niggas out here really just playing the market like a lotto ticket and then wonder why their account is red
I’m srlsy considering being a gay bear life is easier this wayyyy
More like robbin’ hood amirite? This poor bastard got worked by a rogue platform.
Had me in the first half. Ahah ya... it's really unfortunate tbh. Both sides getting further and further extreme
Ah but do Tesla's passenger side have foot rests like the NIOs? Also does it have a Chinese robot talking to them? They should put Elons face in the center console of all Model Y's and speak to you in Chinese.
Spy plays Monday? What's happening?
[deleted]
Yeah if the gorilla knows jiu jitsu it would have a chance with a chokehold. Also they can bash a bear with a big rock. I still would like to see it 😂
Wait for options, buy calls.
Positions?
The latter as long as you can afford to pay that mortgage without looting your stocks in the future.
Holy shit RCEP was signed.
Uhh there ain’t gonna be options on an illiquid ADR OTC stock like Panasonic, unless you get a real broker then you’ll find some monthlies on their actual stock on TSE
I feel like Liberal hypocrisy is one of the few things you can’t describe that sub as... they are not liberal, much farther left.
*attempts to teach compound interest and exponential growth*

Students: Hurr durr, i’M gOiNg tO bE a yOutUbeR! Fuck you math teacher!! YOLO!
Thoughts on LEJU?
even mexico would be better. than us. mexicans couldnt get sold on the fructose. they need the cane sugar.
still think it could be close. Even a monkey who is half our size is stronger then a human. a 400lb gorilla is probably like 3-4 humans
this is good news coming from Asia, so it should have a positive effect on BABA, but Idk how much exactly tbh
Cast your spells bc I'm heavy in puts right now lol!
Literally Europe about to announce they will ban all gas vehicles forever in 2030. Maybe wait
Mods are gonna ban you now
Positions?
I’m going to put this picture on my wall so I can look at it whenever I feel bad about my life.
Airbnb prices have increased dramatically over the last year
That’s true, but most legit advisors tell you to just buy a fuck ton of VOO and avoid taxes any way you can. And that’s actually good advise.
13 years
I bought at eod with no panic. This shit gonna pump
if you had the cash would you pay upfront for a house or mortgage it and put it in stonks, i feel like the latter is a way better choice if you just put it in some safe plays, you'll have more than enough returns for the mortgage payments
Yeah at your age I spent about 50% on my bar tab. Sounds like you actually care about your future. As exciting as 100%sounds they don't talk about the potential loss. Well they do but we don't listen we jerk off to it.  You should probably head to /r/investing
I’m talking grizzly bear
rip see you in 2-6 weeks
i bought 150 usd in xpev puts cuz if it went to 5 dollars then thats like 6600 dollars. any chinese government bs could do it
Why not just put a stop loss order under the price when it’s heading up like that?
In America the benefit of remote learning is that people can't shoot up a school via zoom. On the other hand it sucks cause students lose out on a very important social experience. I feel bad for students in college that can't be on campus or high schoolers who are missing out on good times. 2020 is a shitty year man it really is. Depressing but we'll get through it
It’s actually a K-shaped recovery where he’s on the bottom leg
Bro first of all that gay bear was hiding behind a tree trying to catch his breathe. Second those gorillas are DOMESTICATED, bring a street gorilla in this bitch and he’ll poke eyes rip faces and pull hair and hulk smash a bear bitch. All he gotta do is jump on a bears back real quick, gauge those eyes, don’t get bit, and then it’s fucking taking candy from a baby.
Thinking of just selling TSLA puts for the rest of the year
very surprised to learn THUGGERSEASON is an authority figure to our youth
I’m talking drop them in a Roman coliseum. Plain ground. First of all, bears are faster. Gorillas are stronger. And they’re both dumb as fuck. But bears have claws and teeth
What you holdin?
Was this savings or student loan?
*showing results for* mods are gay
Thanks!
Holy fuck accidentally clicked on /politics and it's a circle jerk of liberal hypocrisy. Yeesh. Glad that this sub is just full of retards who lose money. Right or left, we're all just chilling with some extra chromosomes.
👁
Puts
In there with you with more than I'd like to admit. Let's make this bread!

JUN 310c/320c  
JUL 290c/300c  
JAN 310c  
MAR 400c  
JUL 400c  


Scaled into spreads Tuesday AM, liked the prices and really went nuts on singles Friday afternoon.
Congrats 🎉
have u talked to anyone recently. they are very dark and ignorant. at least when people thought that iraq was in canada and pointed to it on a map, at least it wasnt our problem, it was iraqs. now those ignorant people are up in my shit
[deleted]
At that point you have so much money you can just buy shares in TMO and live off the free money. Shit's been plus .4% daily for decades and is gonna be getting a short term mega boost from covid vaccines needing to be refrigerated.
nikola should be worth $2
RH is cheese, prolly need another platform or it doesn’t have options available.
Airbnb is going public soon. What are your plays?
No, I just don’t want to be there as the dystopia sets in
Why are all time high covid cases a bad thing?
nobody tell him
Does that mean my BABA calls will be up? I got 1/15 calls. How much u think ill be up Monday?
I'm getting in when its around or sub 250, even then I'm not sure if Winnie the dictator is done with punishing this stock.
2nd, what trade deal?
Aahh, okay. Like, that’s what I thought but thanks for clarifying! And for sure!
That a good point. But also, fitness is so much more simple than people make it out to be. Move around a lot and eat healthy. Move around a little more and more over time. Burn more calories than you eat, you lose weight. Eat more calories than you burn, you gain weight.
A gorilla could absolutely kill a black bear
Its about market cap not absolute share price
there is nothing interesting about manufactured fake history. we could be living mostly normal if we reeled in our greed and fear a little. regardless of pandemic.
This shouldn’t be a question it’s a legitimate statement
My grandfather had over 800k in losses. Mainly from Ford. We takin that deduction for generations!!
This is the way
Bro why are you here. This shit isn’t a fucking gamble. You have so much time on most of those positions. WMT is going to get your calls so deep ITM that your wife’s boyfriend is gonna marry him then you’re gonna be the one he fucking posts about when you boot his ass to the couch
Someone has to sell you your shit, I'm not over here crying when your shit I sold you prints
BIG MAD
Dank you 🅱️
[https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/rcep-trade-pact-asean-summit-singapore-china-13534960](https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/rcep-trade-pact-asean-summit-singapore-china-13534960)
got em
Ok
I see.
bro we are the fucking cover of the book
Are....mods gay?
Is this the spot where you discuss your 4000% gains or is there another sub?!
My bad, I meant by 12/1. Edited, thanks bro
To be fair if you went by mens fitness magazines you’d be doing alot of shit that doesn’t work
Eh, don’t think that’s you
Walmart copies their products and sells them for 1/4 of the price
[deleted]
Speed, power and way smarter than a bear. Are we talking about putting them in a ring or no holds bar jungle. In a ring I can see the bear winning pretty ez. Free range would be better for the gorilla. But I can see your point lol. Polar bear / grizzly bear are savages
I used to have long hair and that's what I prefer. Now I'm bald. Just deal with it, life goes on, and your hair isn't your damn identity
[deleted]
so you want the dark ages?
You say this sarcastically but I lost 20k in the market from march-aug. Was up a lot but in the end the market wins. So I put 250 on my sports betting site and throughout September and oct I netted over 10k. Wouldve been 25k.. had an 8 leg parlay with a 10k+ payout and I lost the 2nd to last one..
I’m not here to debate science with anyone.. just enjoy  the pic or the article and move on 🏳️‍🌈🐻
A shotgun can’t even take down a bear sometimes. You think a gorilla with a glock would do anything different?
So... MSFT 240C 12/24?
Sorry, I’m dumb but how is it gonna hit +200% by 1/1/21 if they expire 12/18?...

Edit: and same for 12/1/21

Edit 2: Ah! Okay it’s been clarified!
nkla worth $40 but NIO is only worth $25. lol
What trade deal?
This is it. This is the post I’ve been waiting for. I’m going all in.
Calls on zithromax
I would say 20% but your Iv crush is going to hurt regardless. but you will still be in the game. I hope you bought a few months out
[removed]
Yeah but China can make anything up, so ...
Has 8chan leaked into there as well?
Fuck, we actually received the curse “may you live in interesting times.” I don’t want my generation to be in history books.
Obviously 😂
https://youtu.be/qmMBN8bpyzE


https://youtu.be/3T0z1CT-nR8

This is how they fight. Your brain is so smooth bro. Look at the size difference btw. This argument is fucking over lol
I agree, my original investment was $1400 and I haven’t put in anything else. Been to $3900 to $88. Opened last week at $2300 and now at $860. The was I see it, money has so much more intrinsic value to me and it ever will again. So if I get really lucky, I put myself in a position to be able to save pretty much 90% of my paycheck for a while, if it doesn’t work out, I lose an amount of money that would suck sure, but isn’t worth losing sleep over
Clearly Robinhood was the issue
Damm my witchcraft is working then I should do it again New York is next my Netflix calls going to print babeeeee
[removed]
Amen. It’s not like it was $500k man. Take a break, do some reading, learn from this.
Lose it all on an OTM FD :D
I don't drink much pop, but European Fanta is way fucking better
Chinese workers getting paid less or losing all their jobs is better for them, right?
Well played my friend been watching it for the past 7 months
Hope those rollover through generations cus his grandkids are gonna be using those deductions before they run out
Gorillas carry Glocks idiot, they have fingers
This mf shorted tesla
I’m a student and it fucking sucksss
news is already out..
You only lose if you stop. Keep going.
We'll see u next paycheck, they always come back
[deleted]
I have $100k what can l do with that
u teachers were teaching horseshit anyways though. nothing compared to teachers of 100 years ago. arithmatic. greek. latin. english. geography etc
not trans furry prefixes or whatever gay shit u get on with
It takes 2 doses at 6 weeks apart before you are immune. I’ll buy puts on cyclicals whenever there is covid news and sell out after profiting a couple days. Once bond yields and everything goes back to normal I will start planning for an economic collapse.
I wanted to partake in calling someone a retard forgive me papi
275c 11/20 has a chance given the good news about the trade deal, it might cause a pop in all big asian tech, idk about the second one
What makes u say that ?
Good hell. Couldn’t have lost that money any faster if you tried.
Yes BITCH
Well, CCL 25c 6/19’s ended up being 20 baggers for the retard rally. 0.13 bought, 2.83 sold. 

Thinking about trying for another one. CCL 25c 12/18’s closed at 0.17 at 95 IV & 10k OI, ER on 12/18. 

If CCL hits 20 by 12/1 at same IV it’s +100%, if it hits 21 by 12/1 it’s +200%, and if it hits 22 it’s ~+350%.
This mf lost 400k on stock market
If you can’t envision the future, we pity you.
[removed]
Get yourself some ramen noodles.
I bought 3,000 shares at $3.50, basically for me it was betting the farm as it was $12,000 which was my total account. Im still holding today and it was about $145,000 on Thursday. I'll tell you, I dumped it all on NIO because I just *knew* they were going to explode. I liked the technology they were implementing such as the battery swap, the little AI thing on the dash, the quality of the vehicles themselves (its a luxury vehicle, more expensive than Teslas) but most importantly the Chinese EV market was set to rocket with millions of potential buyers. For me, I play stocks for the ups and downs but when it comes to betting the farm you have to believe in the company top to bottom. If you dont then you will lose it all.
Unless you got some money givers who truely believe in the company.
This Suburra Blood on Rome show is pretty good
the government sure prefers it. ignorant drugged masses incapable of forming social bonds. minimum wage workers who wont even be allowed to buy stocks. youll love it though unironically
If you want a family gambling on options is never the right call. No different than being any other degenerate like an alcoholic such as myself. A cool wife will let you gamble the extra money you make but know you can afford their life. You can't buy that kinda dream
Easier to get good grades, I learn less, I miss meeting people, I like sleeping late, I like gambling
Wrong end of an Italian soda futures trade?
Whatever you do, don’t waste that 160$ you made yesterday.
LOL YOU ACTUALLY THINK A GORILLA WOULD GAUGE A BEARS EYES OUT
Dude is so bullish constantly it makes my cock hard
Same with Quebec
I just bought 5,000 shares of TOPS nice humble divert bro I'm not falling for it.
Stock experts are the funniest fucking thing. Everyone knows to not listen to shit like the Motley Fool. Image that in other industries. “My personal trainer told me to do this, so if I want to get in shape I should do the exact opposite” “My doctor prescribed me a sleep aid, so I should probably start doing coke at 9 every night” “My professor just posted the study guide, so I’m going to try to learn trading on WSB”
[deleted]
What are you looking to import? I love eurorich stuff
have a free award 🥇 

,my whole portfolio
Gorilla can use his thumbs to gouge out the bears eyes when he’s on his back. End of story fagot, thumbs win wars. If we didn’t have thumbs we’d be extinct rn
Can’t stand those kids
Day 236/15, covid talks going well..
I regret putting a quarter of my account in nio 11/2O and 11/27 puts lol
Are my $BABA calls going to make it?

275c 11/20 and 287c 11/27
The ev bubble is safe. https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nikola-stock-still-worth-40-221253083.html
This just isn't true haha
Yes I think it’s fair to say I’m retarded but I also think you’re missing my point. these fuckers reselling on eBay for triple the retail price wouldn’t be able to do it so easily if bots weren’t able to suck up a huge chunk of the supply before regular customers can even get their orders for a single one, thus forcing them to buy from the cucks on eBay. The bots are tremendously exacerbating the problem, even if they are not necessarily the complete root of it, if you can’t see that then maybe you are in fact the retard. Also fuck you.
Dude why, makes no sense
With 400k you could have played the wheel or sold iron condors, made tens of thousands a month and become a millionaire in a few years, instead you buy long calls and puts. Retard
🎁 Free stock
I rolled off the bed not dropped. Self starter
I think a silverback can take a bear fr though I would pay ppv money
what is this 2010? lol
Chaotic neutral lost almost everything and came back to make a fat .1% profit
Only the finest beverages reach this pallet
i hope covid mixes with aids so it will be really funny if someone gets it
It all started when dad dropped you on your head
I'm a teacher, and it's a fucking joke, nbs
Quad witching ahhh I remember this. Also this is the absolute bottom haha. Nice thread to revisit
Wishing I heard that June 2020
Hold on I'm not doing sucking it yet.
[deleted]
Elon got the co. Shorting NIO till he gets better 🐂
And go to bed.
New folks every month bro! Circle of life
This is why running the wheel is cruel to option buyers
It is just CAD. It isn't like it is real currency.
Paper?? Like from trees?
We live in prosperous times
Because of Capitalism.

And “lean manufacturing”
PLTR CALLS PLTR CALLS PLTR CALLS
I’m sorry but if you think a gorilla would beat a bear in a fight you’re super delusional
Wonder if students prefer hybrid schooling here on out.
All depends on your goals. I don’t think there’s a lot of danger in sitting out a few days, but I mostly stay invested and don’t trying to go in and out.
Me with UPS in early october feelsbadman
Unrefutable DD.
New generation is quite nice, sold out, got a nice ARMs deal. Definitly in for the long game.
My life has gotten to the point where I am thinking of importing soda from Europe. How did it get this way 😏
Did someone say IRS!
If you learned from your mistakes it was 5k well spent. College finance classes can’t teach you that
There's no way this isn't ripping through China as well, regardless of what's on paper
Yeah cause bin laden was a real tough adversary. History will surely remember him with the likes of Alexander the Great and Ghenghis Khan
Good, bulk season
y would that be a good thing ?
You can’t explain that. 

Meanwhile, cans of fruit, beans, and meat (admittedly disgusting) are fully stocked.
Right cause people used to buying German and Italian made cars are dying to own piece of shit Made in China cars
Humanity would be extinct if kids die that easily.
Disciplined option traders cut losses at -5O%

No way it gets close to your strike so I’d sell
aim for 5M at least for normal fire, 10M if you wanna spend a lot (travel, restaurants, ...)
Once again, your lack of coherence shows itself. You're acting like the market is incredibly stable with only mild inflation on fiat, when we both know it's not. It's not a slow inflation, it's the destruction of the middle class and their savings, with frequent bubbles and depressions, not to mention massive funding for endless wars that have killed millions of people.
[deleted]
I decided not to go to the gym and ordered a pizza instead. The covid burden affects us wll
Wrong. Haribo **Saft** Goldbären is the correct answer. If you haven’t tried them you don’t know.
Good luck to you, be careful out there!
why u waiting. i still have a fulm head of hair but i already picked my doctor in case. my temples seem sketchy
blast off on monday because of it, too

[https://www.reddit.com/r/PalantirInvestorsClub/comments/juavry/pltr\_institutional\_buying\_and\_selling\_20201113/](https://www.reddit.com/r/PalantirInvestorsClub/comments/juavry/pltr_institutional_buying_and_selling_20201113/)
What do you mean dab it without burning it?
this takes balls. I like balls.
You lost a whole ass house.
I blew up basically all of my investment account doing weeklies and super high risk positions. Years of savings just gone. It will get better with time, just take a break from active trading and build back up.
This is literally my account.
seriously tho, if you feel yourself losing control seek help. this shit has really been fucking with my mental health since it happened
Dude do you realize we’re both selling puts lmfao
I can’t wait to go bald. People will finally listen to my great ideas. Throw in some glasses and I’m basically a demigod.
Get a hair transplant that’s what I did
I faded every trade this guy made and now my account is +411,019.53

&#x200B;

Sad part is, I did it on the Muriel Seibert platform
some of the most responsible investors have no idea what risk they are taking with safe investments at this price and this point of the market cycle.
For sure, but 

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/01/nio-establishes-marco-polo-project-to-accelerate-entry-into-overseas-markets/
SW easy
We have a winner
I'm a bull but once every couple weeks I buy puts and they always always print somehow, or I paper hand them and the next day print even harder. Anyways, 355p 11/16. If it hits then I might just have to come out of the closet or something
I'm just trying to buy low and hold, I must be doing things wrong...
the rotation is going to be into china stocks. Western world on lockdown + Asian trade deal (that excludes the US). Nio might actually have a chance in these conditions
Go back
Never been done before!!! I’m anomalous
Oh I see. Yeah don't start with them. Also remember you can use options to reduce risk and leverage, not just increase it. Best of luck and read a few books
You act like people don’t blowtorch each other’s dicks off over a pound of cocaine on the regular
egg
My time horizon is 2-3 years on my shares. I’d think that long term, anything below $20 will be considered a gift. 

Did you see Soros bought 18.5M Friday and ARK bought 1M? Big money is getting in..
What happened to them in December for that hot minute? Will they have another December to remember?
Reno is dead, especially during Tahoe shoulder season.
NIO options are pricing in a 22% move after hours. Rip.
 48c 11/27/20? Maybe like 15 contracts!
[don’t ban me for self promotion](https://onlyfans.com/foxymadison)
Who would win in a fight, Wonder Woman or scarlet witch
Right may the best autist  win
Oh fuck ya didn't realize they were basically all red and choose green first time. 355p will print
Brazen bull is possibly worse
Plug has a shit ton of potential growth. At its current price though, it's become extremely forward looking
im fat and sassy does that count
[deleted]
150,000 new cases

**STOP THE COUNT!**
So when is climate change going to be priced in?

Consult your magic orbs and report back.
still not convinced. They should focus on growing their China business before trying to expand. Still peanuts compared to Tesla even in their home country.
I think we're on the same page.

I already bought a bunch of calls and I'm going to pick up more shares/calls this week.
Thats so fake dude.
Really?
Yeah, just check $wknd
[deleted]
Yes but he didn't say the stock is cheap, he said the option is cheap, which is correct.

You can have high iv without the share price moving much between two points in time, as long as it moves widely inbetween.

Low iv means low premiums, it's common sense as well.
lmao
Or just go bald
Onlyfans links or you’re lying
How do people on this sub even come up with this type of money in the first place?!
Inheritance from an Alabama family. That lvl of retarded is in the genes.
The election was last week. Time is running at snail pace.
[deleted]
Me
Very true point. Thank you for taking the time to talk to me - I wish you the best :)
You’re putting random words together
I mean that in terms of buying opportunity.
This is dumb, how about we just get fast charging time down to <10 minutes 85% charge
I was expecting Portland, but they’re honestly the same in my mind
[deleted]
True. All measures of the actual stock
Ant groups micro lending has been over leveraging with banks money for years and they wanted to IPO as a tech company instead of a bank, which bypasses regulations as an financial institution. They even changed their name from ant financial to ant group because of this. This will have profound impact later on and potential causing another 2008 if not controlled. That’s why it was shut down.
Agree. PLTR is a one in 5 or 10 year company.
 

# 15 Days to Slow the Spread
OP deposited 200k to get to 400k
I crossfit
Are you gonna jack off together via FaceTime or something
Let’s do it, hands in. 🤚
asia trade deal bullish
WITNESS ME
Where do you see the weekend dow? Is it on investing dot com?
Been here two years. This is some of the most ridiculous shit I’ve ever seen.
Record gains will be had for all.

It's not supposed to be this easy right?

I think it can: the catch is this is **never** going to happen again in your life.
There’s always someone on the other end of your position.
Nice
Lol, yeah now that you mention it. I'll think nothing of my account going up or down thousands of dollars. But I stop to consider any purchase that's more than $100 or so.
Bout to FaceTime a girl I’ve been hangin with for a while. Should I jerk off first to last longer?
[deleted]
I have puts on nio but this is so dumb I might switch to calls
Oh my god I hope RH fix the loading issues on the website soon!!
https://www.electrive.com/2020/08/24/nio-to-expand-to-europe-in-2021/
[deleted]
Why do I need to fomo? I made 28% on Monday from the PFE pump on shares I bought just Friday. So I’m cash gang with extra profits. Can’t wait to pounce o something soon.
try waking up in the morning and taking 1000 mg of niacin on an empty stomach. wait until you are flushing hard and then take a super hot shower until you feel like you cant breathe. come out and sit on your toilet until you feel like you are going to die and pass out for 5 seconds on the floor. this happened to me. maybe it cures tinnitus because its a very intense experience
My hairline took away my life, I will one day claim it back with a hair transplant.
Too late to nip this in the butt?
holyshit this is huge, so BABA's market just exploded basically... 

if it can gain 5% tomorrow, everyone is going to buy the dip since the stock is at a huge discount, and 290 is a possibility by EOW indeed
Don’t forget to cash out on your free stock!
That’s just more reason to buy
The craziest twist of 2020- TSLA is now a blue chip stock
Papa Musk having the rona good or bad for tsla?
Idc if I get downvoted but I don't play options, I'm 2 weeks into my market career
Civil war coming up, need to toilet paper teepee some houses
Inspiration
Seattle
X
Would never kiss no hooker bro.
I think I'm in love.
oppression of the wiggers
Washington getting put on lockdown tomorrow rip
Hey just fyi for the people looking to make bank on the next $TSLA, look no further.

It’s literally still $TSLA
If I could live anywhere it would be in B.C. but its not easy to become a resident as a U.S. citizen
BABA is twice as good a company
Eh kind of. Energy is wild when there is a new meme stock that defies logic or massive volatility in the market. Word of warning, it's easy to get caught up in groupthink here. For each person confident in their position and earning tons, is another that is equally confident that is losing it all.
Doesn't smell like it
🎶If you ain't got no money take yo'broke ass home🎶


🎶You say: If you ain't got no money take yo'broke ass home🎶
Jesus fuck.  ALL HE HAD TO DO WAS BUY A FEW CALLS!

Fucking idiot.
Look at the Nikkei. If we’re 1986 Japan, when do you decide to  fomo back in?
Nasdaq ATH monday
/r/boneappletea
Finally, someone asking about NIO.
I am a data scientist so I know a lot about what Palantir is trying to deliver, prob have better insight on teh technical and business end of it than most. That's why I'm so hot on these guys, they are coming at this from the complete opposite end of traditional expectations and will thrive. Government contracts are consistent but capped and consumer markets are hte real money maker where they are breaking through and will continue too.

Ya that's kinda my play, and what I did. Set a limit order at 14 and if it dips again 12.50. I've been very patient this week and got in at 14 which seems below the floor fluctuations so far... but do I buy in slow or just fucking throw 40% of my portfolio on them at 1 point and walk away. This market is volatile as fuck, sure it may not amtter in years but I don't wanna buy at the top now even.

No trust me these guys are worth at least 50 bucks possibly 100 by end of 2021.
Ekg only fans?
It isn't.

Low IV = low option premiums.
Worked in Shopee ID for a year. They are gigantic in south east asia. Long 100 shares @100
Selling stocks with 300% profit ain't paper hands
Me, why
Look what our ancestors did to each other.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breaking_wheel

By any metric, people today lead better lives, and should honor the past by behaving kindly today within reason.
WHY THE FUCK IS THE MOST TECHNOLOGICALLY ADVANCED COUNTRY IN THE WORLD, THE PEOPLE THAT INVENTED FLIGHT, THE ASSEMBLY LINE, AND MICROWAVE POPCORN, THE HOME OF THE FREE, THE LAND OF THE BRAVE, THE MOTHER FUCKERS THAT BEAT HITLER AND BIN LADEN, WHY THE FUCK ARE WE STILL RUNNING OUT OF FUCKING TOILET PAPER?
[deleted]
Okay but Biden will just unban them, orange has no power here
look on the bright side, stonks can only go up from there
You know what they mean, for all intensive purposes.
My sweet summer child
I’m less terrified than having a -30% portfolio so I’m good!
Considering going all-in on RAD next monday
Albanese Gummy Bears are the best gummy bears, hands down.
Motley fool, “we’re over apple.”

Apple calls it is
🏳️‍🌈🐻 🏳️‍🌈🐻 🏳️‍🌈🐻 🏳️‍🌈🐻
Expect green, UK just announced banning of petrol car sales by 2030
This place called AMD from $2.
This drunk guy in the bus station bathroom told me that they are going to provide ultra freezer transport for the covid vaccine. 

100 by the end of the year. Load up motherfuckers!
that means you care at least a little
tendy time
Past is the past but sometimes on the weekends I like reading old random dated threads.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/fm1mgt/weekend_discussion_thread_march_2022_2020/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Not to worry, you can still make it all back (and then some) with margin
I would be terrified to be cash gang. I can absorb the body blows from a drop, but seeing VOO and inflation take off while my savings stay flat... I couldn’t accept that
sounds not bullish for nio at all
You don't even start transcending time and space until sneezes 4 and 5.
[deleted]
no guts no glory. believe in the corruption. CALLS (or shares).
In the area I live, I’d be rich with $2k a month. Come on NIO.
NIO 50p 11/20
WWIII
Kamala is as fake as they get, her fake black laugh....
You turned $200k into 400k into 0k

Teach me the first part of your strategy please
I feel like this is someone who knows something and is trying to lead us to Tendie Town!!!
[would a bear do this?](https://www.reddit.com/r/photolinks/comments/jtoh8p/_/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
WONT go black to Robinhood 😤🙏😤🙏😤🙏
Play account with $400k? I can't even fathom how you people live.
It’s a doggy dog world
U shut your mouth!
That’s true.. 

I’m just looking more at the fact that it’s a new company and they weren’t far off estimates and beat revenue expectations. 

I’m not saying this is a short call and it’ll boom but 2021/2022 It could be a very cheap $100 chuck and buy a couple of calls on.  Very easily could hit $10-15 a share, borrowing money is free right now.
DDosing your ass if I get a virus, BRB

Edit- fuq! upvoted, what's the ticker?
UK banning petrol car sales by 2030 + NIO earnings = 🚀
Not expensive when you last 2 minutes
now I’m seething
BABA good news: trade deal successfully signed. 

This just in: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2020/11/15/rcep-15-asia-pacific-nations-set-worlds-biggest-trade-pact

There's a new trade pact that was signed a few hours ago and I'm expecting positive investor sentiment from China on Monday. My ass is telling me it's gotta be at least a +5% for BABA. By weekend gonna be at least 290 and we're talking about playing it safe. 

Disclaimer: This prediction relies heavily on the fact that Xi only have something personal against Ma, not BABA, the company that drives China economy forward.
Anybody an IG/FB rep in here?
Someone tell me why I shouldn’t buy 2021 BA calls
Ciao Bella
Lockdowns are inevitable. Prepare yourselves.
Oregon?
[deleted]
Monday I will buy sell puts on BABA. It’s time to sell put and get free money haha
are you done editing
Not rigged, just accurate probability for FDs
Oh definitely
Always has been
Flip my weiner
Fucking bear
sir, the game is rigged
Easyyyyy. Eu banning petrol cars by 2030
Or pound the milk with a dip in your cheek.
Your mom
[removed]
I bought 5 sell put on Thursday and got aroud $300 on Friday
You could’ve chosen to be a literate man
I swear if she got her hands on a Bloomberg terminal
[deleted]
Attention all nio bag holders who bought Friday and now in panic mode, this might rOUnD tHe CuRVe for us.

TLDR: Europe to ban sale of fossil cars sooner, nio most likely entering Europe market by 2021. 

TLDR TLDR: HODOR 


https://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-autos-idUSKBN27U0D8

https://cntechpost.com/2020/11/01/nio-establishes-marco-polo-project-to-accelerate-entry-into-overseas-markets/

https://www.electrive.com/2020/08/24/nio-to-expand-to-europe-in-2021/
[deleted]
Fuck I need to go to the store tomorrow and panic buy before everyone else panic buys everything. Fuck
Atlantis was poppin last night
I could care less
Time for the late night game show. Pick a box and that is the color of your RH Monday 

>!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟩!< >!🟩!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!< >!🟥!<
DAAAaaaAAd!
https://fintel.io/so/us/nio

Go to 13f and fund filing and then 11/13
Imagine how many dicks she had that day before you!!
You shall ride eternal. Shiny, and chrome! 
So we all moving onto PLTR now?
Ayyy I was wondering why no one was posting about SPCE. I have the same exp. date. Gl my friend
Tell her to put in a trailing stop-loss! That way if it goes down she can keep profits
Question, who gets the money that you lose in robinhood ? Is it the app team ? Or the money simply vanished from the economy ? 

Noob here
So this EOS cryptocurrency is getting listed on Monday.
Not if it

1. It becomes the industry standard  for its intended practical purpose (fishing and hunting trips, extended camping, etc)
2. Because of that it also becomes a status symbol for trust fund frat bros
3rd wave
This just in: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2020/11/15/rcep-15-asia-pacific-nations-set-worlds-biggest-trade-pact

There's a new trade pact that was signed a few hours ago and I'm expecting positive investor sentiment from China on Monday. My ass is telling me it's gotta be at least a +5% for BABA. By weekend gonna be at least 290 and we're talking about playing it safe. 

Disclaimer: This prediction relies heavily on the fact that Xi only have something personal against Ma, not BABA, the company that drives China economy forward.
yes. leaps on fubu
[removed]
Buying 6,000 PLTR shares on Monday holler at me.
Next week will be interesting. I've bought lots of popcorn. Is this subreddit usually this crazy?
[deleted]
Did you put money where your mouth is?
Should’ve been using margin

Not impressed
I get triggered when people say they get triggered
Any black females on here?
"Once things go back to normal"
You are the winner!
they used to trade tulips and now we trade chariots that roll down hills
[deleted]
At 243% gain since IPO. That’s way more than Uber and Slack combined.
FREQ has a tinnitus drug in trials that looks promising.
“Perhaps the worst thing, at the end of the day, are the pants left unshat”
Why didn’t u put a stop-loss order?
If you close and lost money then they weren't winning trades. If you bought where you closed and rode it up, that's a winning trade. Most of your trades were losing trades, hence why you lost. I wouldn't come back until you 100% understand the difference and realise that your trades were not winning trades, otherwise you'll just lose that money too. It's a $20K lesson, cheaper than a lot of uni courses and, if you learn from it and come back, worth a lot more.
My fund does that actually a lot of hedge funds do
Wow that was the first "love you" I have ever gotten. If I wasn't sleeping on the park bench, I would give you an award  :) :)
Calls on RTX
Kith
Scooters are gay... I’m in
Yea I keep catching these piece of shit birds now.. wait just like in 2016
I get triggered when people say they are risk “adverse”
Who gives a fuck 

Fuck your puts asshole 

If your immune system is strong u won’t get it ok 

Today it’s Covid in 5 years we will get some other shit
This just in: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2020/11/15/rcep-15-asia-pacific-nations-set-worlds-biggest-trade-pact

There's a new trade pact that was signed a few hours ago and I'm expecting positive investor sentiment from China on Monday. My ass is telling me it's gotta be at least a +5% for BABA. By weekend gonna be at least 290 and we're talking about playing it safe. 

Disclaimer: This prediction relies heavily on the fact that Xi only have something personal against Ma, not BABA, the company that drives China economy forward.
It’s probably not but like how does one not just take a step back and just think for a few days after losing thousands of dollars a day. The chart just seems like OP made bad trade after bad trade non stop.
Rna virus, abitity of jumpin from one species to another, highly cantagious with a long incubation period. 

Vaccine? Maybe in your dreams! Delusional cow 😁😂
F
💪☝️🙏❤️🙌
if you hold until 50 the difference between 14 and 9 will be negligible
Why do you need his approval?  Are you sucking his dick or what?
what do u mean?
Scrolling through old comments is a lot of fun, tommorow I’m going to really do some digging and post my findings here: https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/6g06x2/baba_up_10_premarket/dimg9sz
Well actually >!                                                       !<
[deleted]
billionaires have been stealing from the poor and its gotten worse these last few decades
You’re a fucking loser
Is Pelosi still FaceTiming Mnuchin to discuss the stimulus bill?? Because SPY is looking like it wants to bust.
Love u guys goodnight
There's no greater way to learn than to observe other's mistakes.
Oof, theta gonna play with your bunghole for 3 days
Dude you haven't missed your opportunity.

Palantir is turning a business model on its head (government contracting) and their total addressable market is gigantic.

Just be careful Monday morning, it will be easy to buy the top of a wild swing and you'll be bagholding for days or weeks if you time it wrong.

Put in a limit buy order for 15 and let it fill. Don't touch the shares for a few years, I bet you'll 10x your money or better.

Average down on the off chance it dips lower than your entry point.
The JAN 2022 $10c are still $8.50. Sure that's .70 delta instead of the 1 delta you could have gotten back when it was $8.50 by buying shares, but it's still not a bad multiplier for being late.
If you were born with a penis, you are a man. That is the end of the story.
Oh it is. He paid off the house lol.
Ok a plane crash got it. Just tell me was I in a Boeing?
Universities would have no reason to modernize. The crush would be continued decline in the relevance of youth entering the professional marketplace, having spent their time and energy on education without ever making a balanced decision regarding its utility and payoff likelihood.
Any measurement of the 245k deaths against previous years death rate in a year? Is there a spite in death rate this year
 ,o
Dude 40k to 350k in a few days is still fucking great. Perspective
Honestly I got no clue and neither does anyone else. It could go up because prices often run up till earnings, short sellers getting squeezed, or hell maybe some institutions using this chance to get some NIO in their portfolio. Or it could go down if the market goes down, people continue to sell for profit taking because they don't want to take that risk on such a risky stock, or maybe the POTUS (is his name still bannable by mentioning it here?) decides to tweet against China again. I'm personally sitting out for now until things are less iffy.
Piss off
EOS is a cryptocurrency coin that fucked me
Factsss, they’re coolers r by far the best one’s out there. Tough to make billions off luxury ice buckets tho
I think part of the problem was that Trump kept talking about fast tracking approval without adequate testing. We have an FDA and these processes to ensure the cure isn’t worse than the disease, saying you want to bypass them for the sake of good PR doesn’t increase trust.
I do think PLTR can touch 35 in 6 mo.
Yes, pinning literally any post with DD flair was a great idea
Forsure, appreciate that honesty though. I buy and hold for a while just learn metrics and thinking, I'm not a dumbass like most of the people here who are new or just dgaf. Did a lot of homework before deciding to step into this. PLTR were my boys though dam, I locked in at 14 for way too little money and those shares won't be sold for a very long time I would guess...
It's REALLY not as hard as you may think.
Vat 19 is a dope site to shop on when drunk, just ordered my two foot gummy 🐛
Another reason for baba not rebounding  was Jack ma  gave a middle finger to xi. Like gave a big fuck you to china. So it all may come down to how china proceeds in their best interest.
[removed]
Source on Renaissance? They are right by me on Long Island
[deleted]
[deleted]
“Won’t go back to Robinhood” like it’s somehow their fault 😂😂
Bridgewater’s China fund is the only respectable fund it manages this year, although a lot more Chinese hedge funds make money than US ones
look at it this way, you are owed like 200k because the government cant tax you on that much due to your losses. so get to rebuilding or you lose 200k
Bro you’re gonna need it more than me lol. You have my blessing
Lol- I’m talking about how certain events would be viewed differently (presidential election, covid, etc.)
Actually, I did need you to fully explain that out. I had no fucking idea what you're talking about. 

The fuck are you an esg investor? 

When you live by maximizing returns, your mind works differently

How am I to jump to the fact you're not OK with ccp enslaving people so nio could be questionable? Wtf? 

I would 1000% do business(investment side) in China in a heartbeat. The money is fucking amazing.

My politics is get money. So you have me all confused.
As a longtime bull who went cash gang, I’d like to order the finest circuit breaker you have on the menu thank you.
How did you generate a list of top mentioned stocks? I'm thinking about listing the most frequently mentioned phrases then subtracting common English words because those aren't stocks, not sure if that's the best way
Greedy people always get slaughtered eventually other than the lottery few
It’s not even dumb anti vaxxers. It’s just dumb leftists. Even Kamala Harris said she wouldn’t take a vaccine made under Trump’s administration.
Yea definitely but I’m not greedy I don’t need 700 percent profit on my options.
Good Luck 🍀
I had it around $2. Sold when it went to $4. Doh.
I thought this was funny enough I’ll take a perma ban out of principle lol
Plenty of future moves man....Will get downvoted but Buy and hold shares before you try options plz....listen to buffet and those who have lost it all.
Damn, I just got an A on my 10th grade English test and this is deep
I live in Texas, what’re u tryna say
[deleted]
tfw 0.0334% annualized
toilet paper top
They can still print
[deleted]
Go fuck yourself
I just watched a Kevin hart movie I didn’t hate 

Ge 10.00 March c
Oldschoolcool: https://i.imgur.com/RandCFu.jpg
He needs some milk
It'll be one of us, but probably not both lmao, gl
DRYS? Shit i don't even think i was trading at that time, i think i started shortly after DRYS fiasco.
Ok now do me. What year and how do I die?
Fast forward to SPY 400, did financials finally recover or did something else pull this through?
With 40k you sell covered calls and gamble your way to thousandaire status!
@ theta gang. You guys ever considered managing a hedge fund with boomer’s money but all you do is run the wheel on SPY? It’d be so easy and I have a finance degree so the boomers would eat it up and think that matters
Stonks only go up anyways
With the symptom lag time every person you expose yourself to is also exposing you to everyone they've had contact with in the past few days, and potentially the people those have had contact with.

I'm not super scared of covid, but I'd prefer to wait a year before I get infected just to let everyone else beta test it first, and let the doctors get a bit of experience dealing with it and understanding the potential risks first.

It's a bit annoying because if everyone had avoided contact as much as I did during the initial wave this shit would be gone by now. But instead they were going out and/or not wearing masks and kept the circular spread going.
How TF?!?!?!?!
Nothing surprises me I guess: the guy made sure we dumped billions on vaccine R&D and yet anti-vaxxers are somehow heeding his call and construing his message as anti-vaccine?

He is actually the retard whisperer.
Give me the courage to throw down though, admittedly risk averse and only have maybe 15k to play with but needed the strength to just say fuck it and go in heavy on my gut there even though my gut counts for almost nothing since i have little experience... A good week will wipe it all away though. What are your moves
[deleted]
It's just.money dude. :) We all end up in the same place at the end of this thing anyways, so it's not like having more of it will make a deference... You'll get back to where you feel comfortable again with $$ thanks again for sharing your fun ride with us :)
The free tendies app
There is a lag.

This China nonsense is happening and has been happening for a while.

This speculation is what happens when you give so much stimulus but not focus on the underlying issue.

Take a look at all risk assets over the last several years. It's a massive bubble.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on [the DD list](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da).

Don't fuckin' misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. 

DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. [Read this to learn how to do your own DD.](https://www.wallstreetoasis.com/forums/on-the-job-with-simple-as-my-research-process)

Please message [modmail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets&subject=DD%20Flair%20Abuse&message=Link%20to%20thread:) to report this DD if it is low quality, or violates the [Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Fantastic anime, but that ending.. fuckin a wild.
This worked for my alter ego, broke man.
Something about an astronaut
its shows when a equity is overbought or oversold and when its above 70 that means that its overbought and is typically expected to fall below that 70 mark again. we are currently at a 90 which is a little extreme especially on a weekly chart
Yeah it was Robinhoods fault lol.
WMT moves very very slow DONT you think ?
[deleted]
Plenty of moves and money to be made, don't fret...will happen all the time
Pepper was expensive as hell too. Shrimps were often thrown in as a snack like we do with chips now.
I just shit my pants for the 4th time this week
MU to the MOON
Don't worry, once this post gets more popular your buy price will decrease dramatically.
Lolllll ur dust
On 12/19th. I'm RKT and BABA then.
[deleted]
You only lose if you stop.
Maybe the real treasure was the friends we made along the way
You're literally retarded so I'm glad you're here but this is some new level of retard. I'll explain this to you like you're 10.

NVDA does not have enough GPUs for everyone. If they did, then everyone that wants one would get one. People buy many NVDA GPUs because they know a lot of people need them so they know they can resell them at higher prices. If NVDA made a lot more GPUs then people could buy from NVDA instead. People that bought several GPUs would not make enough money buying and reselling more GPUs than there is demand for.
You'll see on Monday
[removed]
You did it. Go cut some grass.
I dont have much to contribute to the content but does anyone know why are there always so many ambulance chasing class action lawsuits clogging the news on these highly volatile companies. Do they actually make money
I have been a rich man and I have a been a poor man, and I choose rich every tucking time. 

NIO 11/20 50c
kicking myself because i let my 55 11/13 go and didnt sell in morning... i didnt wake up when it was up..
Why else would I be here
Ah ok so you already had the shares to begin with. I'm a little jelly I got out around $20/21 lol
I work at Sam’s and it was the most busy I’ve ever seen it. Almost none of it was Christmas related shopping
[deleted]
[deleted]
I didn’t mean to hurt you...  I... love you. And you know it.
Trump tried to warn us, he said if Biden wins then WSB will become China stonks
[deleted]
It’s going great. Hope yours is going great and that you aren’t sweating after I put the thought of losing everything in your head
I also went to Costco today and it was packed to the tits. Considering canceling my membership
Damn haha, nice one.
go to peppermill bro
Go theta gang after you make 10k
Lmfao fuuuuuuck! How and why?! I guess your greedy ass has got a lot of problems, but gambling aint one.

Edit*: i came more than once to this. Ty and dont $ROPE
I’ve got the money. I’m here for the friends 🥺
Does Chiba sell cars to Europe ? I don’t know jack shit

Edit: 

https://www.electrive.com/2020/08/24/nio-to-expand-to-europe-in-2021/
we are still in a bull run and have been since early 2010's
just in the latter stages of the bull run and typically in theses stages silver is the big gainer and catches up to gold with the ratios of oz's/oz
Do u live near a sperm bank? They’re always looking for good retards
[deleted]
Just buy calls if you think the stock goes down, and puts if you think it goes up 🤞🏻
Man I am new to the market and already beat myself up for not snagging PLTR at 8.50 when it was there and I had followed this company before open, fuck me. I started at the ticker that night at 8.50 and didn't buy. First few weeks on the market and already regrets, so many more to come. Fuck me you guys.
Fuck milk
Bridgewater and Renaissanc bought into NIO Friday. If we dont see 54+ by Tuesday, Imma be very surprised
You made the same comment yesterday.
You go everyday or can’t come up with something new to say?
NIO could drop 40% I’m not selling. My average is $20 for my shares. I’m super bullish on NIO. I will never sell
If you need to get a vehicle warranty for your car because your's is expiring, I can give you about 3279 phone numbers to call to get one.
Well trying to get a xan currently while drinking cause life is exhausting
I have about 3k in buying power so ima just use that and see what happens
Nigga, wtf made you continue trading after you lost even 50 k down the drain.
Yeah. It would be dangerous to wire up a home without them. Plus if something goes wrong it’s much easier to flip a breaker than have to tear out burned up wiring.
Bought just over 1k shitcoins back when they were in the $.07-.11 range. Spent them all online. Big regret
Don’t drive drunk
Start vaping, spend more on premium food.
Valid points, but I also see potential for this to become a meme stonk that will go up for no reason. And thanks for the retarded advice
No one does.
You have no idea how often someone like you that I care deeply for has told me that
Try pressing the home button and simultaneously holding down volume up and down buttons. Then give it a good shake and a couple smacks.

*That should do the trick*
Damn, some Dutch bro bought that tulip dip and has been bag holding a long long time. I love this idea
$SUNE?
Ma is no longer associated with BABA, all he has is the 8% share. Only ANT can affect BABA as of now and the major blow has been done, unless Xi have something very personal against his own economy.
12.5% thank you very much.
Best post on here, not sure why not more upvotes
Such simpler times....
thank you, kind sir \*tips fedora\*
How much you working with
blood red
You went down all the way... that’s dedication!
That’s what I’m thinking lol
TMO has been going up consistently for decades, is going to keep going up and is expected to get a big short term boost due to covid vaccines needing to be refrigerated. Where's the hype on the free money?
Withdrawal! No one capable enough of making 400k looses it in a year.
Dude how tf, I’m shitfaced rn and the idea f that makes me wanna $gag
Thank you man
recently developed tinnitus, constant ringing in my ears from listening to loud music unfortunately, its just a ringing that NEVER stops, cant get it out of my head and been this way the past 2 months, take care of your bodys guys :(
Wrong place buddy
We come from the brutes who ate new berries and nearly died for the tribe to survive
I huff that shit
[deleted]
It should
If it’s not a yolo man then consider bailing. I would have only bought five or ten so I wouldn’t have to worry if I lost it
people made so much fucking money from tulips man, like holy fuck. that was truly retarded
I honestly have no idea what tf is going on
Indeed
I am about to lose NNN
Made a comment about being 35-40+ to try and get a reaction and y’all came through more than I thought lol, calls on sensitivity
Funny thing about VIX products my Dad was holding like a few hundred shares of TVIX.. dumbass me never experiencing a true crash (apart from 2018 December) told him "those are dangerous products that just decay in value, dump it while you're ahead" sells it at 120, next day sure enough drops to 90 and change, then of course the crash actually got serious and the shit skyrockets to 1000.. he says "i would have hit a home run if i still had that TVIX..." cue me feeling bad.
Can’t wait to lose it all 🥰
I kept playing stupid weeklies and wouldn’t sell when I should have. It was a pretty gradual decline tbh besides that big spike. The big fall from the spike was from betting against the market when SPY made a V recovery
Went to Kroger and Target to pick up groceries and shit today. No fucking toilet paper anywhere. Last time this happened, the top was in.
Name a ticker from the olden’ days, I’m talking 2016 WSB, all I can think off is this is good for $MU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wln8fayc-3c&t=1970s
They most certainly did not produce enough GPUs in preparation for the release. Do with these statistics what you will, but they are a business that can do whatever they want. If they want to make them hard to get in order to make them seem worth more like Nintendo has done with various items, such as certain Amiibo models in certain countries for example, they will do exactly that, whether intentional or not. To say they would not fail a launch because they have money is very incorrect.
I went to Kroger and I could hardly move without bumping into someone
That's just OPs way of saying,  leave them in the will for me.
Pretzel goldfish >
Hop back in once you get the next stimulus check 💪
Now eat a banana if you’re a man
I’m holding until January.
This will go well for you, I just know it!
Bottom of the xtra cheddar flavor blasted goldfish>>>>
YETI coolers are where it's at. Side by side from regular coolers you can make a YETI last twice as long. Thermos is a dime a dozen, double vac seal and boom cold for 12 hours. But coolers are not all the same ( I use them for week long festivals) and the difference can be stark. Not that its a reason to buy or go public but they actually have a good product.
Are you actually trading options in your tfsa ? Thats next level retardation.
Robinhood glitch. You didn’t buy at $1
Fuck please don’t reproduce
If he lives in Texas, yes
Weekend nio?
i dont get paychecks man
Bro you made a comment like a minute after this about considering to drive drunk. Not only are you fucking stupid, you’re willing to potentially kill someone for some Taco Bell. Fuck please don’t reproduce
Everyone here has something in common. The retard cortex I like to call it. So what if we're all descendants of some alpha retard tulip trader from ancient times?
I have never seen so many people at Costco today and I don’t think they are Christmas shopping are stores everywhere like this right now preparing for 2nd wave
The whiskey in my glass says yes. That will serve them right for their insolence.
Lmk if you want some worthless weeklies
😬
Damn. GG brother
Are you 33 with kids?
I'm an active member of wsb
I hate this place
Not really. Your opinion is once it's as high as it ever been its going higher?
Usually before a correction we get an insane melt up. Probably not.
Holy shit bro you were risking 400K on Robinhood?
I don't think you can read anything about it. It's a gamble just like throwing money at any Vegas table. I doubt you will find any 0dte trading strategy because it involves losing all of your money in a matter of hours. This is why you are here.
You mean your portfolio down to 2.5% left
how was your day
it's all bullshit though

at the end of the day, it's always a guess. the only way to get an edge is insider info, which is just connections and has nothing to do with analytical skills

all of it is to create this sophistication around what is essentially gambling, to justify to clients that they did all the calculations but they lost $20 million because no one knows what the markets will do
I have a feeling this could be true but at this point holding puts over the weekend Is a bad idea
You know you can use shitcoin to buy things online right? You can still use it for that :)
Sometimes I wonder if it would have been better if we’d never even met
Silver?
Is  GME  done? Are you guys done with GME? I'm down 2k in GME
Finally, APHA confirmation bias.
Their brand/name is pretty strong with a solid line of products, but as more and more entrepreneurs have lower barriers of entry to private label - there'll be competitors taking stabs at them. Factories wanna make money too, and their technology isn't anything super godly. They just do the core things right, but they'll have to fend off a lot of competitors over the next few years. Imho

Goodluck doeeee~
Ya u sell them to dipshits like u
[removed]
i was talking about people in government (fed is a quasi gov entity) that would be able to provide good financial advice, whether or not they have tsp. Those people are the ones i listed and include people who work at the FED.  A lot of people in the fed, weather they have tsp or not (it isn't relevant), would know how to provide good advice and have knowledge of banking laws and tax law. They actually regulate the financial sector in many ways. I am as smart as i think i am, thank you.
that's actually truer than most people think. Performance doesn't even matter that much, all they need is to get their fee and make it seem like they know what they're doing
I remember Shopify at 150 they called short it went down to like 90 and then ye... they don’t know a thing
Circuit breakers
I think small-caps are in for a rally
Can I be the only one that can drink milk drunk??
Lol I got 1.5k in spy puts expiring Friday and I’m hyping myself up watch CNBC March footage hopefully we get a drop Tomorrow
[NIO is on the banned China investment list, effective January though](https://youtu.be/i8a3gjt_Ar0)
Not me my family all healed from Covid and now they think they are super immune and have anti body’s.
Absolutely no offense taken, this was actually a huge help and helped clarify a lot! Thank you!

How do you personally see Monday and Tuesday working out? I wish I could jump 72 hours into the future. Wednesday morning will be interesting.
Braum’s fries can’t be beat
Their earlier peaks were lockdown induced much like grocers and other essential stores and DIY companies. Just check out AZO, ORLY, and the other grocers. Huge Q2 and early Q3 and now fizzling out.

Obviously they can still go up but the obvious first lockdown catalyst is not there anymore.
🅱eekend 🅱IO 👇
first they laughed at me, now they removed my post. should I still send them that dick pic?
I never eaten ass cuz I just don’t like the though of eating poop. That said, my girl ate my ass and I like it
This is hard to do.
INSHALLAH
🤡WELCOME TO CRAMERICA🤡
Where $ROPE?
And you haven't learned that gambling is ... well gambling?
Donkey in your ass!!
Sell your winners, keep your losers; always a fine strategy.
Especially considering:

> Among them was one regulating online microlending. With Mr. Xi’s blessing, the central bank and the banking regulator made the draft rule even tougher than previously conceived, according to the Chinese officials familiar with the decision-making. The new rule had a requirement that didn’t exist in previous drafts: Firms such as Ant would need to fund at least 30% of each loan it makes in conjunction with banks.


> The China Securities Regulatory Commission, which previously signed off on the listings, now says it was a “responsible move” to protect investors and markets, as the regulation, once implemented, would severely limit Ant’s business scope and profitability.

> Ant could try again to go public. Market participants believe it will reorganize its business units, rethink its business model and inform investors of additional risks. All this likely will mean that Ant’s lofty valuation will be cut when it tries to list again, and the company may not be able to raise as much money as it aimed for this round, analysts say.

From : https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-president-xi-jinping-halted-jack-ma-ant-ipo-11605203556
Well... why are you buying? To make a bucks or to invest in a company? 

If it’s a buck, take 30-50%. If it’s investment just forget it exists for 20 years.
Being up 70k hits soo different than being down 16k. Such is being an autist. Fuck imaginary SLs. Fuck revenge trading.
never heard of it
Walmart just doesn’t move everytime I play it. It’s such a slow and steady gain. Goodluck
You just need to lose about 9k more now.
lmao no dude
If it makes you feel any better I bought 4 shares at 102 when I was black out drunk one night.
Oh cmon don’t say that retard. You’ve probably been doing retard things ur whole life so she’s used to it by now... See you next paycheck
I'm not here to make friends, I'm here to make some money
Why not just vape w/o nic
Oh don’t worry I won’t. I’ll just slowly disappoint you more and more
Thinking about some SPY leaps then just sit back and rest.
https://www.reddit.com/r/photolinks/comments/jtoh8p/_/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
beekend nio blood red
what did they say about alibaba?
[deleted]
Puts are printing monday.  Down 2.5%
Yeah I was really just trying to get a reaction out of people, it worked
[deleted]
i tried but they laughed at me
NIO prints go brrrrrr
Fishy smell of thetagang
Corona be like I'll be the judge of that
Ez
Oddly enough most mods on this site will fast track you through the que for a dick pic.
Just push through the pain then, make your friend happy and hopefully you'll get better at some point. And hey, you never know, maybe you'll have fun at the event
I’m actually a dividend investor , but also I’m tired of losing money in online casinos so here I am. Time to lose moneys on call options
I’m honestly just aiming for early retirement but I don’t know what I’d do after that.. And I’m still in school ffs
weekend nio blood red
The 60’s are told to be fun, you are strapped with cash and you got that sweet appreciation for the little things that use dumb boys lack.
Some retard here made millions on paper, but many didn’t cashed out
It's not always right but it's a good indicator. It's not completely arbitrary.
Currently in Reno. Circus circus is dead
Apparently not what?
Bunch of bitches
[deleted]
Lmfao right you probably a🌈🐻 that bought my puts
Unsure if username checks out or not..
Civil war is not.
Very smart. Just be careful of holding through earnings. Unless you want to get assigned.
[deleted]
Just don’t break my heart...
I talked to people a lot more often before it existed. Now...
Maybe send a mod mail.
Buy winning stocks
You didn’t see?
No it’s simple 

Make money 
And do coke
It was insane. There was a week straight of 10+ baggers, every day, just from playing Spy puts alone. It was glorious.
Im still holding bruh 90$hares at 3 buck
Papa Elon gots the Aids, inverse TSLA sell puts!
I'm scared to ask but NIO Monday?
See you next week
Nah
There's no denying baba's business is doing fine but Ma  poked the bear (no pun intended). If Xi wants you dead, you dead.
I hope you’ve had a great weekend man
Just trying to make some fuckin money man.
This is the wrong mindset lmfao. I’m selling 25% OTM
There is something comforting about them. Definitely better than Wendy's and BK. When I'm feeling a fast food snack usually fries and a McFlurry are just the things.
I just had one for the first time ever. Am brown man. I took a couple bites and gave it to my dog.

bro who dices up tomatoes, puts some weird ass beans, and rice with no flavor in a burrito. how do people eat this? the carnitas itself was good but holy fuck there was so little
Nio and Xpev is on this list, squeeze on monday retrace to 48-50? 
Tuesday scary but im thinking its a pop if li and xpev rose on their first ever fucking earnings
Yes, in US. it’s terrible. They don’t let us play any organized basketball. Even cardio machines require masks. Also you get one strike, they catch it even below your nose you’re out.
i was up over 3000%
Now get excited when it dumps 50% this week.
Any specific reason why you blew such a large amount to nothing ? No stop loss ?
saw united is adding 1400 flights. even if it’s just immediate family having a lot of people together from other parts of country going home is going to be bad
Heard this story before
Yep you said the same shit yesterday
Looks like you paid like 10-13$ ish an up vote
Press that free stock button and hope for brk.A
its basically advanced mathematics applied to finance, so modeling using stats and shit to price things, like options for instance. Actuarial science is an example, quants also use it a lot. It's dope. 
Yeah basic finance is boring af, the worst part is accounting. That shit just makes you want to kill yourself
No way man. State lotto website gave me a 100% matching amount (up to 100) coupon. Easiest 100 bucks I ever made.

&#x200B;

\*edit\*

Obligatory don't give up the fight, see you in a few months when you reload.
Modafinil over adderall my man, try it. Shit is amazing. Personally a big big fan of the armodafinil, almosf ought to say it changed my life for the better.
gotta make those fire protection potions, yo
What? MCD fries are soggy little unsalted pieces of shit
😂😂😂😂
I agree, he’s probably retarded too.
I’m a dude but I’m really pretty
I tried man, and it almost worked, but my friend literally called my boss and told him personally how much it would hurt him not to have me there. My partner in my business is more than willing to pick up the slack after the amount of time I've put into our business over the past year. When my friend called him and let him know of the situation, he immediately told me he wouldn't let me come into work and that he will cover for my shifts. 

I agree with everything you said tho. I am genuinely in a terrible mental state and if my friend didn't mean a lot to me, I would not have gone to this.
People went from $200 to 80k just riding puts and TVIX. It was insanity
i'm confusia. there's a ton of people stuck in this channel. really, how to get verified?
Eat my dongus you fuckin nerd.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ah, gotcha. In September I went in on a shitload of weed stock calls for after the election. Biden/Harris supporting decriminalization of sticky icky, plus four states were voting on legalization in some form or another. Shit is literally up over 400% since then. Playing long term might even work out; its not a quick buck, but it'll make money.
Actually you could use the iPhone measuring app for the shits, I never thought about that. Most of my shits look like a nightmare though, and would be tough to measure in linear terms
Yes. Big funds just sell stonks to buy other stonks. They have to do it to collect 2% management fee, and impression that they’re doing something complicated

In real life, 95% of funds underperform the index
Anyone else just wandering through life unsure what to do?
moms gonna kill me
I haven't had any fries in ages, but I used to like BK the best, they were like deep fried mashed potato sticks - crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
Lol
not happening
Well so much for open society. God damn it.
The funny thing is there isn't much "value" left to begin with. You have boomer companies like Coca Cola, PG, Costco with P/Es like 35 as if they are tech companies.
Yeah, the opportunity cost though is not wanting to kill yourself/being stressed and out of shape in 10 years due to being a meaning career
I heard nikola is a sure win
Yes. Most recently when my NIO put went ITM and I fell asleep.
Imagine spending $160 on a hooker when you could spend $160 on 100 mcchickens to fuck instead
Limit up tmrw, can’t wait
No man, that shit is ridiculous 

Literally
Bot is working as intended.
What-a-burger, DQ maybe
I got 90 in plug for like 3 buck... Only 35 nio at 4
- Make america great again 

- Can I see your feet 

- do you wanna buy my maga gear?

- trump 2020 trump 2024

- hey I heard joe Biden rapes little girls, u think that’s true?

You’ll get plenty of action.
NIO weeklies
NO
uh ... the communist part. you wouldn't have to be in my head ... just have a general concession and situational awareness to acknowledge the country we are about to make big tendies off of also enslaves people just for praying differently.
$20
Wow, where? U.S.? Couldn't imagine wearing a mask to workout. I work in a gym in northern Europe and I wear it all day, and even just putting weights back to their correct racks is tough as shit
no
nope
Dave Ramsey would disown his kids if he saw them browsing this sub
Hahah, I wish there was a WSB snapchat.
50% of shares are held by institutions you idiot
^^This is why I love WSB
Do y’all really believe in this sector rotation from tech to value?
easy to make judgements when you're not in their position. i'm probably guilty of the same

at the same time, so what if they're driving new SUV

maybe they know this is the best it'll get for them, and so they might as well live it up, instead of joining the investing sub, and penny pinching their whole life so they can afford to drive a new SUV when they're hardly able to see anymore
were much better suited and have adapted now.
The conquistador?
There's a bigger drop coming eventually, you'll get another chance.
https://youtu.be/N0G-HmGy4WI
Life vs entropy
That is soft. My longest shit is easily an hour at least
I’ve been played. Mad respect
It’s probably is but are you frfr?
sadly yes. after the apple event i panicked because it ended up hitting 106
Drink bong water
Well Monday/Tuesday  it will make 10-15% buffer
Swedish snus is on a level of its own
sell puts strike 20 then
Knowledge and intelligence is man's greatest burden.
Yeah I’m torn between wanting to live like a 22 year old retard, and knowing that if I do I’ll probably never meet an actual cool girl someday. As dumb as it sounds I actually need that someday
[deleted]
Are stocks always doomed to never reach new highs ever?

HD is down 4% from it's peak in October and Lowes is down 10%. There's definitely room to run back up based on the price levels of the last few months.
Yes.. I read that... What political beliefs make it not OK to invest in China companies(or how ever you phrase)?

 Just answer instead of dicking around you could have just said this already instead of having me ask you the same question like I'm in your head and know what you think.
Science
I hope you didn't save the game
2030 - 2020?
BA has a dividend? Can I have what your smoking
[deleted]
I want whatever the fuck nio is getting
War is bullish
Why though? It’s not like somebody forced you to do it
Both will pop for sure but WMT is a giant compared to TGT.
This is the most autistic. Calls on this one
I’d rather play Walmart
I hate how I can’t buy Dr. Pepper sugarless where I live
CNBC Headline #Biden Covid advisor says U.S. lockdown of 4 to 6 weeks could control pandemic and revive economy

 someone please have this fuck face google "what is the economy"
I make people on WSB believe I’m 53 and make 340k a year
Get a sleep study
Wish I could wake up to pre market already
Nobody cares about BEEKEND DOW anymore
Diwali is lit, bro.  Literally.
Picture JPow in snug, bulging, boxer briefs
I know this place too well, but I’m still like 99% shares
no he means the brother of James Franco.
Did he sell calls? I figured he bought calls shit was way too long to read.
void caring()
{ 
    If (fucks = 0) 
    {
       Return “retards”
    }
    Else
    {
       Return “Nio puts”
    }

}

caring()
Printf(caring)
Caring = retards
It doesn’t take much to be a good trader. You have to be a complete idiot to lose 400k in the stock market.
Removed? I wanted to shit on it.
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i grabbed a couple spy $365 scratchers haha. gl
Damn that’s the dream, what do you do? And hahaha even if it’s nothing to you, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if I lost someone 5k even if that’s nothing to you. Cause that’s a lot of money to me. That would allow me to convert like 80% of my salary next year to savings since I don’t spend a lot
Check the notification bro you can fund the account now
Why gulp in 50g sugar lol.
You sold 7.2% OTM... during earnings week

Alhamdulillah
Dont do it. “Vax pump” is the new “stim talks going well.” Also, every boomer is jumping into airlines and cruise stonks since they know they’ll be 4x’s in a year or two. Pretty safe bet even if they go down a little first. 

When Mitch starts talking stimmy to boost the Georgia elections, you’ll see overnight gains in airlines and cruises.
SFT - was supposed to be like Carvana.  Not sure it really worked out that way.
No some of us are older than 18.
Drink more or start smokin
Pepsi Max Lemon is so good. Some ice cubes and the taste is just amazing.
Funny fact is that Jumia was started by Rocket Internet and they also started Lazada in Southeast Asia. Zelando, Lazada, Jumia were just different shades of the same crap for different geographical markets.

Shopee just came and pwnd Lazada.

[FT: The battle for south-east Asia’s online shoppers](https://www.ft.com/content/eb264616-0eb1-4dc9-bfbe-5406f349a5fb?shareType=nongift)
You think a Chinese company will let that happen? 🤔
I'd love to join your criticism of the CCP but my government is currently trying to overturn the results of our most recent democratic election, so I'll get back to you in a few months.
poor boys : AMD calls will print if NVDA kills earnings
Honesty is the best policy
But not the middle class's buying power, huh?
[deleted]
Peruvian Maduro needs a boot. Quick, Someone send in the Peruvian Guaido
That 150 6/21 call is a good value
And the best way to find out is to shit up 1.6 million peoples' newfeeds?? 

WTF, dude.
tsla has a plant in china ah
Like I said to the last 🌈🐻that posted something like this on NIO. Post your put positions so I can see your anal cavities getting gaped on Monday
Wtf
Anyone here with January SPY puts? I got $250s but will make my way up. The bear inside me is getting erect every day
You don’t need to restart, you have a life yet and can borrow additional to hey you of this.
It depend son what you're used to. Ideally we'd just quote market cap at each other, but here we are.
My ccl puts hope never. I hope those calls are some leaps, heard they ain't sailing for a while.
Shit
Because this sub is trash and thinks the only trades are options
I'm not going anywhere that I normally would for the holidays, including family gatherings - but based on summer holidays I think there are a ton of people who will blithely gather as normal.
it’s pretty much on the same level as oral if you’re gay
$47 Monday, $65 Friday
Coconut ice is bomb
Just Uber eats it retard.
The chef?
Why not?  The fear is that you get poop in your mouth, so I just do a quick visual check.  Hold her legs over her head like changing a baby’s diaper, look for poop, then go in for the nom nom nom.
The best time to plant a tree was yesterday. The next best time is today. I guess I'm saying sell it all and go ball's deep in nio calls
alhamdulillah
I want to keep my feet
You guys ever wonder what life would be like if social media never existed?
WMT plus numbers, covid shut downs, and a future tech evaluation . It’s the only company that’s gonna compete with Amazon.
[removed]
go further out, wanna get earnings that include chinese new year.
[deleted]
Is this a shitpost bc goddamnit I’m in
You about to get shares lmao
Yes. Working out with a mask. It sucks.
Ya
Not quite, technically only 96% hahaha I pulled out the remaining 800 today
[deleted]
Yo, where's Dave Ramsey at in this thread?
In March there had to be crazy put gains
so debt it is. nice
sounds like obesity
Well you’re a furry so I hope your friends have a hunting license for you
You must be new
Put the rest of the 800 in TOPS
Well, all movies and everyone encourages them to be emotional, so ...

Young people copy what they see
Rally's/Checkers, Arby's
.
I mean they probably get paid better than most college grads. Walmart managers too.
[deleted]
Good luck my guy
[deleted]
But I mean $1,500 of capital tied up for $213 is a 14% return. So if you weren’t a broke boi like me, it wouldn’t be a huge deal to have $1,500 tied up for a pretty likely 14% return
I heard that one somewhere, I can’t take credit
I meant from like 2019 lol. Haven’t even looked at it since the dark days
Wtf that's a fucking burp
Sold like theta gang?
Pepsi Ice
Sneezes after the second hit different 😩
Tomorrow, when I was happy.
If there a war is coming I probably still going to buy calls 😂
Lost every cent. Well done
Me, I prefer giving oral, but ass eating isn't bad.
"Unrealized" btw. If you never realize it, it's not there.
Lol, I gotta look into SPCE, I still don’t get the hype
You know where you are, right?
[deleted]
SOLD NIO puts 40.5 expire Friday  DUMB or SMART?
what is ur current state lookin like
Samsung 8nm yields are hella gay
I’m just 1 person but I’m not traveling due to Covid
okay, then let me ask, did you read how he feels or just the title? that should clarify. he says his worries aren't within nio, but ccp which i'd have to guess you don't know stands for chinese communist party.
man I would make up an excuse, no way I would go. Seeing people super happy would just worsen my depression. There's a reason why people doing not well on a personal level tend to isolate
Yo no offense but I wouldn't put so much money on the line. I know this is WSB and it's part of the culture here to yolo money but since you seem unfamiliar with how a lot of this stuff works I'm worried you might not fully realize how risky it is. Regardless I'll try to explain the relevant stuff. 

* **IV crush** \- Essentially it's loss of demand, but it's easier to think about it using an example. Say there's a $100 stock called WSB. It's a new company so earnings results are a mystery, but if results are good, people are expecting the price to jump high. Say you **already have an option for $120c strike expiring that week.** Let's compare the situation before and after earnings. Before earnings, you see **people willing to pay you $200 dollars for that option**. After all, it could jump that high, who knows what mystery product or revenue beats they could announce which could make their stock skyrocket. **After earnings**, let's say earnings was okay, what people expected, and the stock price stays around $100-105. Now earnings are over and price didn't jump very much, are there as many people who want to buy your $120c option? No, because earnings have finished, price didn't jump much, and there's now very little chance the stock price will reach $120 by the end of the week when your contract expires. Now how much are people willing to pay for it? Let's say $20 at best. Your option was worth $200 dollars, now it's worth only $20 dollars, and by the end of the week, worthless with a complete loss of $200. This is IV crush. However it's difficult to estimate the amount of IV crush, because it's also dependent on how much the stock price moves after earnings. If the stock price does manage to rocket past $120, you won't be worried about IV crush because it's already ITM and actually worth money now up till expiry. This is what people who play earnings are hoping for.
See this is how pump and dumps start
Damn bro u never even came close to the green
God I hope so
[deleted]
[removed]
Cheers!
I’m doing some back office shit rn, nothing fancy like wallstreet bois
Ha, That's what I always think about with futures and options, if trading up to expiration.

Sir, where would you like your 42,000 gallons of gasoline.  Will that be check or cash?

or.. Sir, where would you like your 5000 bushels of corn?

Oddly enough this week, I had to take a SPX butterfly into expiration... It was a painless ending - absolutely no issues with auto exercise.
Thanksgiving is going to be a massive superspreader event imo. Are that many people really changing plans?
How is that even possible? Even ACB ticked up and was sellable at profit over the past two weeks...
Chick-fil-A
Serious? You have no idea what your missing. The third sneeze is twice as good as the first 2 combined and I cum after the 4th sneeze
How would you go about measuring this?
I got about 15k in the market right guy, can you show me how?
Dr pepper cherry 🥰
Yo soy el autismo
My buddy had 9 rounds of interviews to get his quant job out of college, they like computer science majors with 3.9 GPAs and are cool working for 85 hours a week... at least the ones that recruit at my uni
I appreciate the effort you've put into this post.    Help a retard out with something because my understanding is limited (not sarcasm)?

How does the short seller restriction placed on NIO for Monday, affect this gap you mention?
be honest how many of yall have eaten ass?
weird man i do be feeling like that from time to time
I came from the back, what the fuck do you want spicy nugs or spicy nugs
Hope you feel better and there’s more to life than tendies. Pain is just a reminder you’re still living
Suck my nuts boomer
Fart or shit?
Get a radeon. Hopefully they don't sell out instantly
You said you know how he feels, Im asking why? That should clarify.

Nio feels different but you know how he feels? Why?
Brkfast burrito and an IPA.
I mean I'm almost forty and I'm ok with this offer. Although I still live like a dumb retarded that's 22
Yeah the comment was really just some bait and I got the result I wanted
[had the same problem, found this vid on YT that helped](https://youtu.be/iUAI3SKix0Q)
Im one and done with hiccups
This is an autistic version of equity research. Fucking retarded
“Best I can do is $100, take it or leave it”. Classic scalping IRL
You called Uncle?
Dame mas gasolina
Damn you’re good !
Bro there is so much delivery shit. I will Venmo you the delivery price. Deadass
What did you finance people do?
did you even read what i said or just the first sentence
That’s true, but then in 15 years if I did a great job, I’d probably manage 3 Home Depot’s. Holy shit I’d rather kill myself even if it payed really good.

“What’d you do with your life?” “Manage a few Home Depot’s”
Magic ball ofc
That’s the thing... im always full retard
No you fucking idiot just go to sleep
What is your longest fart-and-shit? What is your longest fart, (...) and stuff (“n’ shit”)?
Gamestop doesn't need to be gamestop. Unless I want shitty t-shirts or pops, I can just go to target. Oh wait... target has those to
Stop giving your grandma advice she is a better trader than you
What political beliefs make nio questionable to you?
20 min
Love you guys so much even though I know none of you
I’ve never sneezed more than 2 times in a row
It will last few months
I know.  It's kinda wild
Should have bought Disney and Cisco
Pepsi Max is low key one of the best soft drinks
Kill someone for Taco Bell? Call an Uber pussy you’re on WSB
Robinhood is definitely the problem, mate. Join E*TRADE and take out a level 3 options account and you’ll be positive in no time, margin helps elevate gains.....


For the love of anything you worship please don’t follow the above advice, you need help.
Trash
my man
I knew it would bite me in the ass one day
What’s mathematical finance? 

Some retard here said finance people just cold call people and sell investing stuff
Yea I didn’t really think through the margin aspect. Was just throwing out thoughts. But like my guy above said. Credit spreads with the same implementation seem like they could profit bigly
Is it just me or do you guys get those moments were you feel like you’re not breathing enough air? Like my lungs are not expanding and I panic and breath heavier. Creepy shit tbh
Door dash it you donut
So it looks like I'm about to get my first day off since February next weekend. My friend is surprising his girlfriend with a proposal and invited me to attend. While I am super happy for my friend, I'm personally dreading having to go. I'm just in a really awful spot personally and just don't wanna see people who I haven't met in years in my current state. Unfortunately tho, I have pretty much no choice in this but to go, so I'm just hoping for the best.
Checker's are pretty bomb but a lil greasy
Buddy you won’t see 200% IV this week like on Friday. MAYBE after ER is released
Oh baby, buying small cap Canadian weed companies that just did a raise because if they didn’t they would go out of business, what is you doing


https://huddle.today/organigram-seeking-to-pay-debt-boost-capital-through-60-million-offering/
Peak covid *
Not good ones lmao
Looks like polls were right. Shit, here I thought you were infallible.
Having money doesn't mean you can trade well.....
No
Priced in
what are the metrics for competition for quants?

highest gains per month or something?

because it doesn't make sense. it's all luck
the discord is hot trash. Its like being immersed in the thoughts of your local DnD fan club, anime fan club, and KKK fan club
How does this even happen?
Dont drive drunk asshole
I’m haunted by weed stonks
is the fact that stonks only go up priced in?
Fuck you. I needed this.... for my friends about me
Well exactly. With the right attitude, life gets better not worse.
What on earth would cause a company so stable and massive as WalMart to moon. A retailer that size can only go so much higher
Oh trust me I already have. 70 mgs today and never really felt a whole lot. I just had work and needed to get through it
IV could be nuts for a while on NIO. Sell at open, IV guaranteed spiking.
But can’t go tits up
This dude gonna take $3,000 in tax deductions for the rest of his life
Why, did I miss something?
[deleted]
Also a great idea. Less capital tied up. I was just kind of spitballing, haven’t thought it through
I make 340k a year, 5k is nothing
I will be messaging you on [**2020-11-15 06:30:26 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-15%2006:30:26%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jnllmp/perielection_election_discussion_thread/gccp70a/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjnllmp%2Fperielection_election_discussion_thread%2Fgccp70a%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-15%2006%3A30%3A26%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jnllmp)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Drive drunk to tbell or nah? I'm not afraid of the slammer now, momma ain't raise no bitch
Jack in the coochie
[deleted]
Compare them against inflow/outflow volume
Just got ahold of my gramps today, homie is doing all right and we’re having scotch next weekend
What is your longest fart and shit?
[deleted]
Honestly just wanted to see the reaction to that lol

The main things I want to accomplish with my life someday probably won’t happen till I got grey hair and my dick don’t work
Miami Subs
Same here, this calls for a retard circle jerk!
For girlfriends cheating? Yeah, that’s true.
One can only be so lucky
Where the fuck is $MU

What happened to this sub
Well he sold covered calls. If it drops 20% this week, he loses like 19% is my point. Just wanted him to know he has basically direct exposure to his shares with a $400 buffer
>Got a couple offers for my first job post college. If the last 4 years is any indication on how I deal with things, if either my job is way too stressful or I meet a girl and she cheats on me, adderall/alcohol probably gonna be my cause of death lol

You do know you didn't have to go to college to become a Home Depot Manager, right?
I can’t even fathom buying shares rn. This sub ruined me
Honestly we need more people like you, people self investing sucks.

Let an investment manager manage your money. Bolster the economy
I need a woman to give meaning to my life pls.
I sold 2/3 of my NIO at $50 - now loading up on NNDM and PLTR.

I think NIO, NNDM, and PLTR will all three do well.  Good Luck.
MCD fries are the best. Is there any fast food fries better than MCD?
!remindme now
One can only be so lucky
Just wait for their ET5, ET7, ES3
I know, right?  It's the last thing I'd expect on there
Hahaha honestly you’re cool ask fuck for that even though you’re probably joking, I just wanted to get a reaction out of sensitive 30 somethings
That’s a whole year to hop you don’t get margin called
*What happens with a grand?*
Did you sell those 135C Apple calls?

You almost had it.
I am? Regular coke fucks with my stomach
Long MO baby
Is this Wendy?
[deleted]
cause the selloff might continue and you'll end up being assigned and bagholding? 

why not sell further out and get some IV crush in your favour?
Nobody tell him
You’ll build up a tolerance.
😂😅😅😅😖
Yeah learned this lesson years ago ill drop symbols to people now but ill tell them hey do your research. This guy was just soo arrogant it made me so mad. Came in hot like omg get in today its down around 40 its going to hit the 100s youll make 1000s XD idk gonna be fun Monday either the like 3-4 people he brought on this train are going to be upset or happy but idk earnings are 17th and ive sat through enough of these churns that earnings almost always cause a dip even on good data which I mean never understood but just how it seems to go.
Its a tech company
Does this mean i should buy big tobacco?
You really think a company with as large of a pocket book as NVDA would fail to anticipate the demand for their revolutionary product and not produce enough of it? 

It’s not that there not enough GPUs to go around  fairly to their customers (ie a traditional shortage) but bots are scalping them because they were literally able to order dozens/hundreds at a time because there was no safeguards on the website against it, thus creating an artificial shortage, kind of similar to all the panic buying of toilet paper/paper towels in March. 

NVDA has since fixed this problem and is only allowing 1 per customer and I hope they’re also in the midsts of taking other precautions to prevent bots as well like with recaptcha or something of the sorts.
You already missed out on huge IV. I sold some 33p Friday. 2% for 10 delta weekly
Use what's left to buy a balaclava and rent a gun. Rob a bank.
Shoutout to the blow hangover
Just load the game to your last save
Interesting strategy, let’s see how it works out for him
Hung out with a friend last night, he's in his early 20's. Sitting around the fire pit in his backyard, shooting the shit with his roommates and their friends who are all college age stoner / skater types.

They bring up the stock market, about how it is ripping higher and higher. One of them mentions that he just bought 60 shares of AMC. Other one says he bought a few shares of Starbucks, "they're doing really well right now."

The top is in.
No tp anywhere today. A fight at Sam’s Club over some. 

Went to pick up dinner tonight at a spot that’s always slammed on weekends and there were 4 tables full, total. Nervous for my calls on Monday. Could be bloody.
MONDAY IS ALWAYS GREEN, as is tradition
Hey you too man. Good luck on Monday and in the future!
Yes, now can I take your order?
Check up on your friends y’all. Never know when you won’t see them again
I’m in college bubba
You right on the loans but I believe you meant to say buy NIO Puts
Got a couple offers for my first job post college. If the last 4 years is any indication on how I deal with things, if either my job is way too stressful or I meet a girl and she cheats on me, adderall/alcohol probably gonna be my cause of death lol
Don't worry too much. Your options may be part of someone's spread and they could be happy too! When I sell covered calls, I'm happy for both of us if they get assigned because that's the risk I signed up for.
Go back to work peasant
Yea white people are the worst
[removed]
This really do be a Wendy’s
Dude sold calls at 70 strike. He’s keeping his premium unless a f-ing tsunami of buying hits nio this week. Even if it moves +20% it’s not even close to his 70 strike price.
Tesla Will have unmanned fast charging at equivalent speeds in a few years. These things don’t scale very well and require employees.
Stop being sorry for yourself this will get you nothing but depressions
35+ and 95% of fun part of life over.

If you think like this, no wonder you're poor and retarded. And you think this is your peak lol
Once you go white it makes things right
There's so many factors to this. (For me anyways)
😳
You chubby bro, why the diet?
[deleted]
Those are some pretty pinpoint numbers. I'd like to know where you got them from haha
ayoo where you at
Tell me why I shouldnt sell some NIO 40p to some bears on monday?
The mods have some weird powertrip there.
I love covid bc I don't have to feel bad about hanging out on this thread late saturday night
If you start with 20k you could make it with just 2 x 10 baggers if you live very fruggaly (and keep this money in stocks). 3x10 bagger I feel would be enough.

 Since march I have been averaging like 3 times my work income just trading while working from home. Kind of feel like I messed up buying boring etfs for the last 5 years because I had too much distraction at work to keep tab on my trading. 

I am honestly thinking about just doing this full time when I should be supposed to go back to the office. But I am only in my early 30s and don't have fuck you money yet.
I bet the market don’t give a fuck about the lockdowns
Peak depression
[NIO bulls heading into earnings](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpGDk39mtZE)
I’m 53, want to manage 5k, make a profit of 15%, and you keep the rest?

I’m new to this and think someone else can do better
Bro fuck these dumb white hoes , every single one them are trash
You dropped this \ 
 *** 
^^&#32;To&#32;prevent&#32;anymore&#32;lost&#32;limbs&#32;throughout&#32;Reddit,&#32;correctly&#32;escape&#32;the&#32;arms&#32;and&#32;shoulders&#32;by&#32;typing&#32;the&#32;shrug&#32;as&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯`&#32;or&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯`

 [^^Click&#32;here&#32;to&#32;see&#32;why&#32;this&#32;is&#32;necessary](https://np.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3fbrg3/is_there_a_reason_why_the_arm_is_always_missing/ctn5gbf/)
Ban
How much space a single car battery swap station takes up, the robotics in the swap station need to be really precise and the car has to be in exactly the right position. But my biggest concern is this. Where are you going to put the battery swap stations especially for multiple cars? The good thing about supercharging stations is they don’t take up a lot of space and hypothetically you could put one at every street parking spot on the sidewalks next to the parking meter as long as you had a source of electricity
Breakfast burritos and diet cokes let's fucking goo
If I had to guess, balls deeps in VIX.
There’s 6 people behind Wendy’s right now and you ain’t the prettiest one ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
[deleted]
WMT? Why ? What about TGT
Sir this is Wendy’s
Okay maybe I should have dropped the yield to 4% for airlines but BA and Delta currently do.
[deleted]
In a world where a fake car company is still worth 8 billion, PLTR is worth AT LEAST $50 billion
Go get a job loser
Charge your phone retard
FSR
It took you 6 months to lose the last 2k. That's the most impressive part of this situation....
Next time make the line graph go the other way. Thank me later.
Mitch is already talking about stimmy before EOY. Gonna roll them out slowly. Airlines and cruises will be first in line. Catch those with some calls (after rona sinks a few more ships)
I'm in. F
You still have .22% to lose, why restart now?
[deleted]
Are they even competitors? does tesla export to china
Did you mean the dip this past week? I hope there’s some recovery this upcoming week.
I see the problem. You went full retard. You never go full retard.
Trading Fraternity,  In The Money, and Stocked Up do pretty well on showing the basics
!remindme 2weeks
Your bank account is ready!
That's a coal company. Like not a Christmas joke, actually generating power using coal and petroleum products. The fuck is this shit
Mokes definitely get that headrush
Please im bagholding hard as fuck
U still got 150. Yolo that on NIO calls
I'm bullish in the market overall, you'd be an idiot not to be. But short term, we will have a response to the lack of second stimulus, the rising Covid cases, and the pressure that will be hitting our hospitals especially when you've set your remind me for.
They're one of the few vaccine-related plays that's guaranteed to make you money no matter what. Carrier and Nvidia are the two top-performing SPY stocks this year.
Always gotta reference a pic or bio

Be funny
If you’re 35-40+ please consider what I’m about to say. Unless you’ve just now met an awesome woman, or found your “life’s calling” or some shit, the fun part of your life is likely 95% over. I’m 22, poor, and retarded. If you’ve been at all successful in trading and don’t work in fast food, sliding me life changing cash would likely be nothing to you. Think about it, we can meet behind Wendy’s.
I wet the bed frequently
This made me laugh so hard for some reason
Damn down 100%. See you again at your next paycheck
Gay mod and OP are NVDA simp
these airline and cruise levels screaming for puts?
Look at what this 'tard posted: 


"850K losses in ~ 7.5 months!
I can share my story with you. I had almost 400K gains in my regular trading and another 100K gains in my Roth account by Nov 2019. Then, I made the mistake of buying puts on several high flyers trying to predict the top. Those include Tesla, Shopify, Apple and SPY/ QQQ from April onwards!

Used to double down on puts when they went in red. THIS EXACT STRATEGY MADE ME MONEY BEFORE. So I wasn't being stupid. But back then these stocks moved both ways. Then these Mfukers went on a crazy bull run with NO pullbacks or very short pullbacks that were immediately bought back. Had continuous losses from Nov 13th until June 30th. NOT A SINGLE WEEK WHEN I DIDN'T LOSE MONEY. Even with the March crash, I had iron condors that made me lose money. Tried numerous strategies except Theta Gang and still lost.. I lost all 500K gains plus another 350K or so.. Only then I realized how fucked the entire market was and acknowledged several of my mistakes and I stopped betting big."
IV?
It's all good man, maybe you aren't a racist troll. Maybe you're just drunk and a bit rowdy. Have a good night, and oh yeah NIO to the moon
!remindme 2weeks
My dad threw $40K at UVXY calls and made $350K. If he held for another 3 days it wound have been $1M.
gap up monday to 280, then slow grind to 300
🍻
All it takes is a few 10 baggers that don’t coincide with random news from Andrew Left.
Honestly I’m not a big TA guy. My strat selling weeklies is “will XYZ fall x% in a week?” Then I just look up stock, sector, and market news to find any catalysts that could cause a big drop. If there are none. I sell it to someone on this sub
You should have tried buying low and selling high
I just have RH ,but I only started investing in april 2020 and I only started options 2 and a half weeks ago . My portfolio is pretty diversified and I'm at 13 % gains at the moment . I got some palantir 9.50c 12/11 . Hope they work out .
Anyone in here playing CLCT? Low premium, low float, interest in sports cards currently at an ATH. Huge gains in the past 6 months.

Seems like a good underrated play.
Holy moly
This. Op should join the board and turn the company around.
!remindme 2 weeks
I guarantee you the person that wrote this post has never come across a pet owner, let alone own an animal.
Why not do credit spreads and remove/reduce margin risk?
No way, which airline has 5-15% yield?
Going in butt.
shit in my mouth
I’ll buy more shares at some point but I’d like to keep it at 69 just out of principle, and FD’s r my bread & butter so I cant stop trading those just to buy more shares
Grab the stocks by the TWAT
Not so much losers, but full of shit. Everyone is full of shit. Analysts are full of shit, CEO's are full of shit, CFA's are full of shit, hedge funds are full of shit, the entire country is completely full of shit.
It’s a Saturday night and you’re on WSB, soak it in this is peak brotherhood
That granny was Nina Hartley. PLTR gonna moon!
When Biden is in
🤢 wtf
On my way to Whole Foods, do you want anything?
True, still, it's more work than I feel like doing.
Uh so when is Nancy gonna start up the stimi talks again. Like I need them for my CCL calls
TWAT you MEAN? And watch your language.
This is the way
No. Look at commercial reitz and airlines, still plenty of room to grow, with 5-15% dividend yeilds that can be found easily.  But that's not to say FB or GOOG won't drop lower because of a "Tech will never come back" exaggeration, just means  time to buy more FB, GOOG,, and DDOG soon. Short the market by not buying and stay long to the dong.
this has got to be fake. no way someone has 411k and be this reckless
Your kids are gonna be so cute 


*Wait for response



The Y is silent
on the real why am I seeing this sentiment everywhere, including my own head? is it really happening?
Hey are you’re carpets match the drapes because I’m Aladdin
Anyone see this Dave app? Basically a payday loan app.
Lmao!!
Thinking in terms of pre-split price is ridiculous. Its like saying AAPL at 80 was pre-split price of $1.07 (just made up the calculations) of the very first split.
Those better be some long ass expirations
Put in more 💰
Sorry lol bought some chipotle today
Ima need the market to be red Monday please , but on the other side I’m holding  $TSLA at $403 rn when should I sell?
I guess people are hoarding toilet paper again
Yeah unfortunately I’m paying :(
[deleted]
It’s a meme stock but when it hits, it HITS. Your gonna make some moneh
Thank you fellow retard.
The NIO bears can never explain how the stock rockets upward
BABA 300$ EOW
Thanks bitch. This means a lot 💓
Foreign government threatening your ADR on a company with unaudited financials?

Jocko: GOOD.
Been trying to quit nic so I dropped the vapes and went back to tobacco bong rips, holy fuck do these get you buzzed
My buddy sold his old computer to an friend and he swears he had 1000s of shitcoins on it. Back then they gave it away for free but we’ve never been able to track down that friend. I hope he found that treasure chest coin.
You know, I do feel a little bad when I sell a 20 delta put to some 19 yo who just found this sub and thinks he’s gonna get rich. Poor guy doesn’t know the MMs gave him a 20% to end ITM and IV is 200%, which will crush any chance of making a decent profit for the risk.

But someone’s gotta sell crack to the retards
Good luck retard
she was trading using one of those 55-inch flat HD TV screen.

The whole scene felt a bit surreal since ironaically, her place was dirty and rundown.

I giggled internally that that she was trading fancy, but living dirty.

I did ask her about it but she gave me some vague answers.

Might have loss some money and maybe felt down about it?
i dunno honestly and I dont care that much tbh
Ah thank you sir
Lold harder than I should have
He’s talking about the hooker
What’s a good tinder pickup line
Dont hate it
I’m all in on April 35 calls. I think space is gonna be the next turnip craze, just like EVs, weed stocks, Bitcoin etc
Loaded up on travel stocks, fuck I'm retarded
Damn my cat gives me the same look
Color challenge folks appreciate you
The guy above you
Thanks for the tip, gonna inverse you right now. 

Buy calls or you're not a patriot.
Life cycle funds re-balance every day - they work very well.
Just delete the app to reset the video game
Someone explain how selling long dated naked puts on JETS isn’t free money. 15p exp Jan 2022 is $2.13. The highest weighted holding is 10%, so even if some of the airlines go bust, it wouldn’t kill the ETF like banking on one airline. For the past 3 years it’s rarely dipped below $30 until the pandemic came. You’re telling me that the ETF will still be down 50% from ATH at the start of 2022?
Aight I laughed
[deleted]
I don't get CSIQs valuation. A solar stock that trades around a PE of 10? Market cap is a pitiful 2.3 billion. Are they figuring that this company will never grow again or what?
Ah yes Dr. Musk. That's a p&g product fwiw.
Investiti
Fake news
Fuck you dad
Lol this sounds like some real red neck shit. This idiot probably only has ford and gm. Imagine racism running so deep you only limit profits to US based stocks
Yeah. The HV percentile is where it's at compared to timeframes going back the past year, but on the studies I think it defaults to 12 bars and you can change it. I like seeing IV and HV diverge when possible, but specifically right now SPCE looks better to be buying than selling options
Project Option:  [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYOHtOzMZGwXBLZX1Ltf78g](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYOHtOzMZGwXBLZX1Ltf78g)
Yes sir. What is giving you skepticism
Twat the hell are you talking about. Cunt listen to this garbage.
Cocaine: Gods way of telling you you have too much money
Ya no they definitely do software
When you look at a 5yr chart damn near everything looks like this
Would love to see how those battery swap stations go with a bunch of salty ice frozen underneath the car.
Elon using DayQuil to fight covid. Calls on DayQuil
This is the only sub where I feel like members are not total cucks. I hope everyone finds value in their lives and makes a bit of money on the side with this hustle. Good luck all and have fun
When shits dropping, you ever feel like you're financing someone else's margin call when they have to sell LEAP's to cover the drop in market value? Idk for me as soon as I started thinking of options in that manner (because i've been on that side before, the one having to sell super long dated LEAP's to meet margin call...) trading the markets became easier. You just think of shit like "someone else is getting fucked in the ass on this position, and i have cash to buy the opportunity from them for pennies on the dollar", think of the market completely objectively as what it is, not some conspiracy where hedgies and MM's are out to get you and make you lose money.. that kind of thinking is why so many of you won't be profitable.
H Depot seems to be over its run for a while. Better plays out there in boomer stonks.
[removed]
Just saw a post on WSB front page that someones Grandma is buying PLTR shares looks like the top is in
Working the night shift tonight. 

I’m 5 hours in and I’d say that, so far, the number of seconds I’ve spent farting approximately equal the number of seconds not farting since I started my shift.
As in you think it might be more than a year till we experience it enough for a gold bull run?
So how much do you like AoT
The problem is that there's an entire generation of morons that believe this. I mean... you think you can't retire because climate change?
Who is buying up Chipotle? Do people like their burritos that much?
I hate you too
At least cisco and Disney results are upbeat
I hate how they call it petrol. It's gasoline. God.


Even this guy gets it:

https://youtu.be/3sDLMktfqFM
Yes these nio posts are getting older than Biden
It appears as though the numbers are going up.... but I might just be holding my phone upside down.
Expiry?
[deleted]
Wife hates me, son hates me, parents think in a disgrace. Jokes on them. When my NIO 70c print they’ll come back begging
It's ok, I'm in an open relationship with 70% TSLA and 15% NIO in my portfolio.

Tesla will for sure undercut all the mid sized SUVs with Model Y BUT NIO is more of a luxury brand, the interior is very nice.
We good
>Fellas I know we get called retarded a lot, but working 40-50 hours a week for 50 years just to retire as an old man riddled with regrets seems worse than never rolling the dice

We all have our demons, keep your head up!
just fucking lol at this post.

kid can spend thousands gambling on a cheap app trading platform

kid cant make basic google search on how to hire hookers.
Thank you baby. Also happy birthday fam.
Bruv 400k????
And this right here is why we play options
[removed]
Dad is that you?
Bot a boatload of 260$ 18dec20 calls for 15$ friday. 

I predict i am either gonna make a fortune or lose it all. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
Oh lmfao yea I know that
Is vaccine not priced in from the last pump that rekt tech + new record corona highs everyday
Mkts are at aths does that answer your question?
THIS ART HURT ME
$160 is standard. Shoulda showed up with $100
Don’t live with that mentality. Seriously bro. I believe in climate change as much as anyone but I promise you in 50 years you’re life will still be status quo. Things will change but don’t ever plan on an apocalypse. Won’t happen.
So does anyone think the more solid tech stocks continue to be relatively flat, the more speculative ones continue to unwind, while the value stocks continue to quietly rally?

I wouldn't doubt a short term reversal on the trend as we're starting to push pretty deep into technicals, but I'm expecting the trend to continue at least over the medium term without something like bad news from Moderna's side or something more extreme.
NUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Seriously? Almost anything under $10 would do better than KODK....but what do I know, you are the one with 350K to blow.  What about NNDM, OPTT, RIG, GE, F, TRVN, LKNCY, BLNK, SOLO, -- Any of these would do way better than KODK.  But good luck to you, I hope it works out.   Last time I lost 300K it wasn't in the market (spent it on stuff, and houses) wasn't fun.

Above $10 - PLTR, GMHI, HCAC, JMIA, SBE, FSR, DBX, all rock!!! 

Best wishes to all!
2 more semesters left... I just want to graduate, I feel like college shouldn’t be this depressing mane
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Best TikTok August 2020 (Par](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHSySswo334) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHSySswo334)⠀►►⠀10:35 / 15:53 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Too expensive and complex, doesn't make sense at scale. Easier to put in a charger and decrease charge times while increasing battery size
Some folks on this sub seem to be really be feeling it tonight. As someone who is currently struggling as well, just know yall not alone and you guys are in my thoughts. Hope we all make big plays this week.
Im still holding my 11/27 35P idc about you retards. We’re all just gambling against each  other
It’ll continue to go up to $27.80 ATH this week. That makes it a ~100% increase from the $14 low in about 15 days. It’ll then correct down to $23.15 before consolidating and going for a $45 by early jan. You’re welcome.
Alexa play tik tok
Aware me on HV, historical volatility is an average of every days volatility?
So you still got some money...Nice.
All EV green on Monday - [https://www.reuters.com/article/britain-autos/uk-to-ban-sale-of-new-petrol-and-diesel-cars-from-2030-ft-idUSKBN27U0DG](https://www.reuters.com/article/britain-autos/uk-to-ban-sale-of-new-petrol-and-diesel-cars-from-2030-ft-idUSKBN27U0DG)
Just the fact that NIO has so much support here makes me want to short
Fuck the leafs!
putz
Remember March when if you had put like 13K into SPY 320 LEAP's you would be worth like 500K now? Fuck me so much easier to say than actually pull the trigger when the crash happens IRL.
$165 hookers dont use monitors to trade stocks buddy...90% of the people on this sub dont even own a pc...
https://www.foxnews.com/us/northam-25-person-cap-gatherings-alcohol-curfew-coronavirus-restrictions.amp


I'm feeling like march 2020.
Yeh thats like Porn Experience.

I got to experience this maybe once or twice. I still have hangups about spending that kind of money for sex though.

My current limit is 200$/h.

Until I actively make 6 figures a year, I dont think ill go voer that threshold.


Glad to see you enjoyed it though.
Honestly can’t wait for that sweet eternal bliss
VaccineS and market is blind about the next 6 months.
Fellas I know we get called retarded a lot, but working 40-50 hours a week for 50 years just to retire as an old man riddled with regrets seems worse than never rolling the dice
Mechi is fun as hell if you work on shit you like. Great job.
Mobile app shows date. Website doesnt.
congrats, ya love to see it ✌🏻
1x 300 C june
boomer stock week. back to Walmart and Home Depot for steady boring gains
It’s ok
Thanks! I'll do more reading into this. Risky af move
Lol it's fine. It reminded me of this.https://youtu.be/IZKBa6bvUjo
Andrew?
How are u borne
I am testing a promising strategy I call “TWAT”. Time Weighted Average Total. Let this serve as my patent idea. So don’t mess with my TWAT!
I didn't want to make you feel bad but. I should have posted this one http://imgur.com/gallery/0XuWgNU
[deleted]
If you own shares don’t buy FDs retard. Buy more shares so you have increments of 100s, wait until it goes to the price you were gonna sell the FD at, sell the FD at that price.

Congratulations on not losing your money retard
[Don't do it](https://imgur.com/a/9aCSIzA). Look at that IV vs HV. You could get steamrolled on the sell side if the options are as mispriced as historical vol is suggesting, even at 100% IV.
Do you have a good reason to think your phone is being tapped? I know way in which to check if this the case depending on carrier. Most effective is acting like you work there depending on company. Id you really want help PM me. I am off to sleep now but checking in tomorrow.
Nah man NIO equals TSLA because they are both EV companies. Don't you get it? 🤡
You need help my friend
Yeah i sold my PFE calls right at open when that shit was still 41 and change.. so glad i did
One of my favorite books! All kinds of trader's interviewed in it, but you can see that they have  similar mindset and desire to win!

Long GME! 🚀🚀
Because?
It’s like AI, but slow
Do you guys think COVID was priced in? 
Red Monday or green Monday?
Same
We think alike.
I’m not trying to be rude but I don’t think you really know what you are talking about when it comes to how nios charge. You’ve seen a nio battery swap station right?
Bruh you haven’t even reached the boss fight. Save the Princess then we can talk.
“ThE NeXt TeSlA”
He never denied it.
werent u spammin tesla stuff for a while ?
Just hold. This stock is taking a big ol dump to $30 or lower the next 6 months. But the world is moving to EV and Tesla won’t be the only company around. Hold out till this hits $200. Probably only 3 years away and you be a millionaire
[deleted]
If there was a metaphor award I would give it to you.
Puts on your sexual health
I was born in 96 so idk
Can’t find a 3 series anywhere!
[deleted]
RemindMe! 3 months
Nah things lose meme status when they go flat.
How did you find/contact the hooker? 

Tinder/hinge do the job for me but I feel bad finishing in their mouths and stuff. With hookers I don’t, would like to get some myself for my bday lol
Does a bear shit in the woods and get overly excited about red futures?
Boomer stonks finna moon next  week like they have all week....Cheers Longs
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bro actually thats sus, because i got a new iphone and they urged me to switch to the new sim that came with the iphone.
Sure, you can take specific companies. I can too. I am talking about in general. I will respond to this tomorrow. And Amazon’s whole tactic has always been becoming as big as possible to then raise prices. 

Value metrics don’t work well if there is so much goodwill/intangibles in the company/on the balance sheet (which is increasingly the case). 

If you want to buy a book right now, I would really really not buy The Intelligent Investor; there is much better, more recent stuff available.

And I didn’t downvote you lol.
🤫
[deleted]
Skull? You’d let a fat girl ride ur face?
I dont know, I'm not Chinese. But I know that garages are rare. But are you starting to understand? Their isn't an option to plug it in overnight
Username checks out.
No 0 days
Work on time allocation. Or get on meth you'll get more shit done
Nah mostly just stoned and curious. I was expecting it to be all dumb shit but then I saw you had mostly heartfelt ones about your family being displaced by fire and you having kids. That bummed me out because outside of this you seem like a decent dude... but instead you are a racist troll who seems a little self defensive about his intelligence. Bummer.
[deleted]
Is anyone else just depressed a f and this sub helps keep them going?
Are you Vega gang
I want my skull to become pudding
Send me your Robinhood credentials to confirm its real. Otherwise gtfo
So after losing the first 50 or 100k it didn't occur to you to get a professional?
Federal Reserve employees are not civil servants and are not part of the TSP. You’re not as smart as you think you are.
F
RIP gam
Flakers don’t deserve an F
Nah I’m totally in the same boat as you morally, but seeing how it is in real life and the lack of fucks most people give and how disconnected markets have been from reality since March 22 I just don’t see Covid being a catalyst for anything serious anymore. Look how the market pumped on constant rumors of a completely bogus stim.
Lol ok.
🤯
[deleted]
I’d tell her to hold it forever that way you end up getting it in a few years in inheritance
I miss playing FDs but as a loyal theta gang member I love weekends bc my credit spreads get 2 days closer to expiring worthless
How did you find one?

Asking for a friend
Love the username have a free award my treat
Lol priced in.
Where does an average Chinese leave their car? Second of all none of nios car are actually targeted towards the average Chinese theyre higher end cars but disregard that I actually want to know the answer to the first question
If you think he's gonna stop tweeting, think again. It just won't have geopolitical ramifications anymore
Until he’s negative he has much to learn
Update. My gf just broke up with me. What do it do.
I like ya cut G
55.5k
Here I am, once again, actively rooting for the world saving vaccine to fail so that my calls print
yo like what the fuck are you talking about? There is an absolute shortage of gpus. The people only scalp when they are confident that there is a shortage.  Nvidia fucked this up so hard it became the guaranteed bot buy of the decade.
What trades did you make, you retard?
I knew I liked you
"Weekend DOW"
Some things are so good they’re actually very bad
She was pretty hot. Early 20s, white, nice tits. We made out heavily with lots of tounge and spit. I loved it. I told her at the end that Peter Thiel paid for this session, she laughed thought I was joking. Little does she know I'll be back next week to book 2 hours cause Papa Thiel gonna print me more money this week.
We had an outbreak at the place that I work. Me and around 10 other guys that I work with all got it at once. I’m sure other people got it too but they never had symptoms. We wore masks at work but outside of work I rarely did.
pull out that $0 mad get yourself a nice 1 month free trial for netflix
He didn’t take a risk. If they didn’t go above retail, he would have returned them.
Show me a USA stonk that has Chinese power and I’m your man
I wasn’t trying to reference anything tbh
Mid 2000's I guess w/e
Whatever the fuk Xi says it’s gonna be.
I thought it was a candy shop reference.
Haha nah I’m done for tonight
IV looking like a fat girl at the bar. Ya you could fuck her but she’s probably gonna crush you
Thanks. Yeah I'm nervous as fuck about this but something is pushing me to. I just have a feeling NIO will recover early/mid Monday, but what the fuck do I know..
I don't think it matters. Legacy automakers went into a new bull market Friday.
I understand that as well.. which is why our hospitals are going to continue to be overwhelmed worse than they are. Hot spots are going to be all over the place not just in the areas they are now. And healthcare professionals are predicting some pretty bad shit and I'll link to the heavens if you need sources.
The lil Wayne song?
>Can the market just open already. My life is meaningless without stocks

Fuq that hit home....
I’m all stocks but I think this shit is gonna pump
i’m just trying to make him go all in. Also let me beat you at chess again
InTheMoney does a good job assuming you’re on Robinhood
Kil
Could go up or down? Thanks!

What if it stays flat though?
That’s because you are smart and making a future for yourself. I am too, makes no sense to be a slave to another lender
Damn that’s interesting
Did you see all the brand-new cars lined up for miles waiting for free food when covid hit? Bizarre. The news would interview people who’d say they’d been in line for hours waiting for food bank food. Half the bastards were in 60k SUV’s. Wtf.
Lmao. If you were around in the early 2000's everyone kept fucking singing that song
> I'm new here and just discovered the options calculator.

keep your position sizes small

if you can afford to lose the $8k, great. otherwise, reduce

the calculator will give estimates only
You retards are gonna make me start wheeling SPCE
Your compliment was sufficient.

___

^(*Bot. Ask me who I can see.* |) [^(Opt out)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=botrickbateman&subject=Opt%20out)
PLTR isn’t Chinese and yet it’s somehow worse.
Taking 5 minutes out of your day for a battery swap once every 1 month is amazing. And like I stated earlier. Thr average Chinese citizen does not have a garage. Where do you suppose they are going to plug it in?
Nice
yayyy more autism lol
Yeah good luck timing the market me and everyone else did that with SPY puts 4/17 and shit kept pumping. Rug won’t be pulled from something everyone can see happening, rug will be pulled from some bullshit excuse about Congress or the senate, or some lame excuse about housing that most didn’t expect that big boys can make money on the way down and little guys are stuck bag holding.
Same
Imagine buying an SUV as a alcoholic bartender.
I think you just broke my brain wtf
My 17c would love tha shit
Pokimane
i didn’t have a grandma
Just look up the most fucked up categories on pornhub. Beat it till you black out. Rinse and repeat till Monday 9:30 am ET. In a state of delirium, put absolutely every cent you have into SPCE.
go long, 2021 LEAPS
Its not delivered to your address. So the fallout would consist of a couple phone calls.
Hello me
Nope.


Made some gains.


Got my duck sucked.



My week overall was an absolute win.

Got to live another day and still healthy and kicking it.


Whats up in your world?
So F calls?
Just get in before everyone else then dump at the high
lmao i like this way more than i should, thanks for making me feel better! 👋🏻👁👅👁👍🏻
I just might.
Lets see your calls going to Jan 2023.
Get rid of it at open or spread ya cheeks
dead serious bro.  Cox said that i leased a modem from them.  Swear to god I could one of my own and would not unfreeze my account until i brought them the old one and the new one.
Well grab some peanut butter, spread it on your >!biggest spoon in the kitchen and let him lick it like a lollipop!<
[removed]
Once you YOLO into FSLY you fastly go broke, bigly.
How can someone so retarded have that much money in the first place?!
Can the market just open already. My life is meaningless without stocks
Yes hold thru like hold thru earnings. Although I’m not even sure that there will be the momentum you’re seeking going into earnings now after Friday’s price action across all three of the big Chinese EVs that you’re looking for. Think run ups into earnings as happening weeks before, not days before. Much more unpredictability in the final days before the actual event. You may have missed the boat on this one and I wouldn’t encourage one of your first options plays to be this one. But good luck if you do go for it! Citron researches hit piece last week is going to and has added some more uncertainty to the equation as well.
0 risk management
Synonymous
Also - make it all "Roth". When you decide to get out - can move it
Trading in the Zone by Mark Douglas
what she looked like? 
wish I could post NSFW pictures here but I might get ban or some shit

For 500$ bucks I hope she was worth it.

Im personally tired of low rate escorts proposing  services then denying them when you paid them.

Got to suck on them tities though.

Careful thgouh, COVID is still out there.
 "Nio’s “economy” car, the EC6, starts at a pre-subsidy price of [approximately $54,000](https://www.benzinga.com/news/20/09/17661392/nio-begins-delivery-of-electric-ec6-suv-what-you-need-to-know). In contrast, the **Tesla** Model 3 starts at around $35,000.  [Article](https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/nio-stock-is-in-bubble-territory-but-theres-more-room-to-run-2020-10-18#:~:text=Nio%20Stock%20Looks%20Like%20a%20Bubble&text=12.,jumping%20from%20%243.27%20to%20%2428.07)."
Good job, man. Glad to see you aren’t pissing it away like the other “diamond hand” retards here
Bitches on there don’t even message you first either
Good bot. Now go return my videotapes.
What platform is that
That’s what I’m saying though. A battery swapping system is dumb when you don’t need to get a quick charge. If it was a plug in you could charge it overnight after the day is over and be set for the next day/week but how nios are set up to switch your battery when it dies doesn’t make sense to me
And an exhaust sample
Only be a matter of time before this shithole becomes infested with Chinamen. Already tasting the vomit from when they are acting like they “one of us”, and touting their 100000% gains on chinese symbol bullshit stocks they trick us into buying. 

C’mon USA get your fucking act together and get the good ‘ol fashioned american muscle rollin’.
Too retarded, insanely competitive to get in
[deleted]
mathematical finance is the way, you get the best of both worlds if your good at math. Accounting is boring AF
Found it
Appreciate it
What makes you think the federal gov will designate one company, rather than allow anyone willing to pay the licensing fees and taxes to enter the market?  Although medical is legal in more places than recreational, I suspect recreational will be the future. I don't see cannabis becoming a serious pharmaceutical product faster than it becomes a fun gummy/brownie/drink that people consume to let loose. Aphria has aligned itself with an insufferable heady jamband festival throwing beer manufacturer, not a pharmacy chain in anticipation of this. But it remains to be seen.

Alcohol is federally regulated through the TTB and then each state has a regulatory agency. I could see a situation where cannabis is federally decriminalized/legalized, and left to states to decide beyond that. Interstate distribution would be legitimized. There would be all sorts of different rules from state to state (as we see with cannabis and alcohol laws already), and you would have multiple competing groups: APHA/sweetwater, AB/Tilray, etc. APHA is banking on "craft" branding and reputation when they will be up against competitors with 100x the resources. I'm rooting for them but coming from the beer industry I can see where bigger money might just totally dominate them.
I miss the days of spce
Its 2020 and were still pooping. Smh
Thanks, I have something like that going I'll double check
[removed]
Makes sense, appreciate it
Speculation is Tesla hasn’t been included because their “profits” come from selling IV credits. That hasn’t changed.

No one in their right mind would include Tesla right now, not when the stock kangaroos 10%+ for no reason.

Interesting play, but unlikely that it’ll happen.
LMFAO
Jesus dude, buy a few more next time
Buahahaha
I hate when I get home all fucked up and alone, my dog always gives me that look like he’s disappointed, like I know bro. 😒
its alright, the simulation is breaking and it will be over soon
You're significantly overestimating our importance
Just become a quant trader
[removed]
There is just so much going on all the time with people and I’m already dealing with enough. Can’t do it
Pretty sure Xi is showing Jack who is top dog.
If you buy a new car and are a wage cuck then no mercy get fucked
Search for that username
/2edgy4me
Am finance bro, don’t do shit with stonks at my job. Those kinda jobs are top tier
Sadly you can only transfer to funds once per month.

You can transfer to the G fund anytime you want...but you can only transfer from the G fund to another fund or from another fund to another fund once per month.

Best thing to do is put it all in the Lifecycle 2060 or 2065 fund and let it roll.  Good luck
Who should I be watching on YouTube to learn basics on options
So that's what people are doing after posting their loss porn here. Sucking dick and doing tricks
I don’t miss coke even more than I miss coke, and that’s a lot
I feel good about my 1.5K loss seeing this, damn, sorry man.
There are more puts going into Monday and Wednesdays SPY options than there are callz..
$20
SPCE calls looking juicy
Yeah but how fun does Mad Max look though
>yeah it's just marinating for a f

everything i said applies to all government workers.  only those in the treasury,  fed reserve, some from the sec and a few from the irs are an exception
I too fucked a hooker today. Mine cost 500/hour and I used my PLTR gains to pay for it.
I'm bullish on NIO but too pussy to buy rn, gonna watch and learn this time
That’s exactly what I’m saying though. There’s no reasonable way to predict what a stock will be valued that far into the future because of secular changes and just the overall toughness of predicting earnings that far into the future
Does mechanical engineering ever become half as interesting as options trading 

Should have joined the finance bros FUCK
might get in again Monday fam.

buy the stock but get some puts as well to offset the loss if it goes down.
if your willing to pay more sure
You and I know what Kodak is right now. This is guaranteed L.
Nah i’m ultra bullish on nio. I averaged in 500 shares at like $20. I started buying when it was $4 or $5. It could get cut in half and I wouldn’t really care, I would just buy more. I would only be pissed if it goes past $75 by Friday and I have to sell my shares
time to make another paper account i guess

good luck homey
Keep that same energy when we're up 2% pre-market monday
Dude, I get that it’s terrible and what’s happening is crazy but literally no one cares. I’m in a hotspot and there was a 2 hour wait for dining at Texas Roadhouse tonight. Americans will never give a fuck about lives over money or comfort and if you think that they do then you do not understand what most Americans truly are.
[removed]
You're right. DKNG and other gambling stocks shot up in the summer during sports season + lockdown when people were glued to their TV betting aggressively. Now that both of these catalysts are over i see DKNG plummeting to precovid levels .
Marijuana calls have played nicely for me... Give em a sporting chance. And best of luck with future endeavors #CGC
Now if oil futures would negative again.
I'm picturing a rat king
That’s a weird situation to be in with your Mom, but hey. If she gets good enough at day trading, she won’t have to sleep with you anymore. Retard.
>The difference between TSLA and NIO will be determined Monday. When TSLA drops more than 5%, institutions step in the next day and buy the fuck out of it. If NIO bounces back Monday, I might take it seriously but if the only buyers are retail and the buying is sold into heavily, then I’m sorry, NIO gang. You played yourself.

I'm buying the earnings dips regardless, I could use some RS in my portfolio .
There's lots of vitamins and protein in bull semen
I don't need to explain to you idiots how your healthcare system and your economy interact with each other. You'll find out soon enough. Keep your calls.🤠
true
Netflix 520 my witchcraft is powerful
Premiums are high because high IV
Thank you fam.

Really appreciate.
also true
Same with students buying extremely expensive clothing, like dude c’mon. I can get you smashing your money to pieces on the bar, but being sober and buying a $300 T-shirt, that almost makes you think poor people get what they deserve (almost).
These giant funds did the same thing with zoom until it dumped 200 points lmaooo
lol why the fuck would i lie about it. -_-

I mean i could ve taken a picture but that would ve just seem odd.
This is literally more than 4 week old news - https://www.hhs.gov/about/news/2020/10/16/trump-aministration-partners-cvs-walgreens-provide-covid-19-vaccine-protect-vulnerable-americans-long-term-care-facilities-nationwide.html
Markets care about whatever they want to. If they decide to rug pull tomorrow it'll be because 90% of this sub is holding calls. The virus is just a convenient excuse should that happen
Millennials full of overly emotional bitches
All the toilet paper is gone again. Time to buy some PUT lottos.
What is the best play right no have a fresh new 3k to play with but cant figure out what to buy
with 400k you sell covered calls and use that money to gamble your way to millionaire status
Theres some other dimension out there right now where its 930 monday morning and were all locked in for 10 baggers
Because of this you get a good karma.
I can’t see straight. I think I’m losing losing sight of the tendies I’m about to receive on Monday.
Impossible to get good DD on PLTR. Sneaky bastards have the sales team draft releases but hide way too much info to go in too deep. The last DD that felt similar was PFE after the vaccine news release. It was written by their lawyers. Pulled all my calls, glad I did.
Wait what is this about el paso? Can you please link me to the el paso stock etf?
Football and 9 hours of wingstop
stop being a pussy the earth isn’t going anywhere. use it’s resources and then die bro. suck it dry
320
Garlic Parm Wings and Vodka Red Bull
Heard NIO is announcing their space program at earnings 🙈
they had bad coffee tho
[deleted]
I have! I watched a YouTube video of some white dude in China test driving. Ill admit it wasn't the fastest process but it was impressive nonetheless. Just a reminder, the daily commute for Chinese is less than th average American. Although battery swaps and oil changes are like comparing apples to orange, a battery swap is much quicker
[deleted]
cant tell but she was serious into it. i didnt want to intrude too much into her affairs but she was using one of those expansive type trading platform.
[removed]
hey what app is this. i am new to investing sorry if its a stupid question
You’ll wanna figure out what company Walgreens and cvs are purchasing from since they’re the companies identified in the hhs warp speed reports as being the ones the federal government is partnering with to get the vaccine out to nursing homes and long term care facilities and essentially using their pharmacies as distribution hubs - they’ve been expanding their cold storage as a result.
4420.69
Do not quote the $25 amount.  The Citron report was a joke.  I've seen better DD on WSB.
Have you seen how it’s switched? Watch how they are switched and let me know if you think they can be sized to scale
Throw in a Rolling Brown Out and you got a deal
The difference between TSLA and NIO will be determined Monday. When TSLA drops more than 5%, institutions step in the next day and buy the fuck out of it. If NIO bounces back Monday, I might take it seriously but if the only buyers are retail and the buying is sold into heavily, then I’m sorry, NIO gang. You played yourself.
Tell that to Amazon! Don't take it as a single ratio but think of what *it actually means*. Amazon will have no profits and dividends for long term investor's if it doesn't increase its growth and EPS ratio quicker than it has. Live by the bubble, die by  the downward momentum, and lack of dividends. Oh yea and downvote me  for  making money while your at it
Oh his flair says he was banned for 30 days on 10/18, also third offense. Gaymods strike again
What a dumbass, should have yolo’d NIO like a real degenerate
Only thing you’ll be feasting on is bull semen when we douse you in it
My main point is just when we talk about "companies without morals" that don't give a shit and will go after literally any contract those exist in abundance already in the DC area (many of them have already been doing this for decades), and all these "legacy" government consulting and contracting companies are absolutely increasing their capacity for analytics and data science. The idea that no one can step in and fill the niche Palantir is currently filling is just not realistic especially if we're focusing on long term. Palantir knows this because their business model is to get these agencies and other organizations entrenched in their "ecosystem" of products so it will be difficult to migrate later. However, that's an old trick that people will catch on to once they realize they're not offering things that can't be done with other solutions. As the government gets more savvy with this (will admittedly take much longer than industry), that desire to be stuck with Palantir will wane, and again,  administration change will change the dynamics of their growth as well.
PLTR is ___ Friday
I’m a zoomer that doesn’t give a shit about saving because climate change is gonna fuck up my chance of having a nice retirement. It’s either I get rich now or never
You fucking retard
If a few of us autist put our heads together, we could probably make some money
tree fiddy
NIO will vanquish off the face of this earth faster than you can drop a cup of Luckin Coffee when Elon announces his price cuts
I do not.
This is the stronger DD Imho. I follow Cathy’s moves as long-term trends with upside if you’re truly investing.
Buying LOW calls, then selling them Tuesday after HD reports good earnings, but before the IV crush from LOW's own earnings on Wednesday, is the autistic MENSA-level play.
You're retarded if you think your economy continues thriving when your healthcare system is overwhelmed. See El Paso where inmates are carrying out dead bodies for the medical examiner.
Be careful. You're basically long $20,000 of stock going into earnings with coverage of about $0.80/share if it drops. This isn't a problem if you wanted to be long anyway, but if this was supposed to be a one week play, it's priced to move nearly 20% up or down this week. Expect to gain or lose around $4,000 with your position size.
yea really any stock cycle is unpredictable 

i mean could anyone predict that amazon an online book seller would grow up to be make my shet alexa 

but OP does make sense, it took amazon what 10 years to get from where ddog is currently at to 2,230...5 years wish i had what sum of these guys are smokin
What is that?
Very important to find, as well. Good look
big if true
My priorities before Christmas include the following: (1) to get an eight o’clock reservation on a Friday night at Dorsia with Courtney, (2) to get myself invited to the Trump Christmas party aboard their yacht, (3) to find out as much as humanly possible about Paul Owen’s mysterious Fisher account, (4) to saw a hardbody’s head off and Federal Express it to Robin Barker—the dumb bastard—over at Salomon Brothers and (5) to apologize to Evelyn without making it look like an apology.

___

^(*Bot. Ask me how I’m feeling.* |) [^(Opt out)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=botrickbateman&subject=Opt%20out)
2020 aint so bad after all
Turn your phone off and on again
Drink water baby girl
Slam a bourbon double, look to your right and say, "Is that Ivanka Trump!?" Then lean back in a monotone voice with, "We should have gone to Dorsia. I could've got us a table."
Wingstop & 9 hours of football tomorrow. 

Nobody can stop me. 

I’m unstoppable.
Ouch, I lost 300K, but not in the market, and years ago - so I feel your pain.

This is impressive.  I hope this was your play account and not your life savings.  Did you put it all on "red" or what?
You mean get horny
Maybe but man if Tesla gets fucked on their tech because they submitted their application for the model y papa musk might be building a missile with his rocket company
Lmfao its not the trading platform retard
Repeat after me:

This is not a finance sub.

This is not an accounting sub.

I'm sorry for shitting up 1.6 million people's feeds.
[deleted]
Lol. Comical! Post history because I struck a nerve apparently.
I thought it started at 500 but yea you might be right
/mvis
A true blessing it is
Slightly from some thc oil
You’re retarded if you think any investors care about Covid anymore
You want help with that? Hit me up.
OPs account is 44 day’s old... he tagged a 3 year old post... If I didn’t lack chromosomes I’d say this is good old lubricated pump

Edit: to explain more clearly... this dude probably has loads of alt accounts. He does this so we can’t see his history of posts. A history of false claims that turned out to be nothing but red and losses.
> chill ass-job

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Have u tried deleting then re-downloading the app? 

If that doesn’t work you’re just going to have to reload your score with coins from your chase app.
Gotta find you a moderate paying chill-ass job. I lucked into one at age 30 and I don’t plan on ever leaving. It’s fantastic
Are you up or down
The actual swap is done in 3 mins. However, the whole station attendant set up does seem like a bit of work.

It can also be charged normally. This is an optional service included.
Got it. This makes sense


Just to make sure - when you say "don't hold that through" you just mean to hot potato the calls before close of market Tuesday, right?
Based on the actual manga storyline, the movie misses a lot because it goes insane
40% C fund, 30% S fund, 30% I fund. Re-balance every year on your birthday (easy to remember).
Have u seen the process of how a battery is swapped?
More than most people on this planet make in a year
Anyone here the read The Quest by Yergin, after having read The Prize (one of greatest books ever imo)? Is The Prize worth it to read?
[deleted]
BABA is at ___ Friday
Everyone here saying oh more lockdowns, you ask them with links and fucking crickets. California, more states , let’s see that proof.
Weekend DOW is down. Covid cases are up. Bears, we feast Monday. 🐻🌈🤑💰
Risk vs reward, if it drops you left holding all these shares you can close your covered calls to make some of money back but not enough if stock price gets cut in half.
Millennials are on here trading mostly out of the hate and desperation of being totally fucked. i can feel it. we were screwed and didn’t wake up until our late 20s and early 30s. desperately trying to escape our fate
That's not a chromosome number to be proud of.
Can’t sleep G
That’s why I live at home with no expenses or debt and just throw 99.9% of my six figure salary into the market. Figure by the time I’m like 35 I can just retire and live off my dividends
Woah look at mr money bags over here. My mom could only buy me the iPod nano
Hmu sir
Why not just do it yourself and put 160 into nio options?
For real lmao. You’re actually fortunate it’s just interior design
Yes. Listen to the best like  Buffet and what successful traders say to do before you go trying to speculate. Retarding your gains hurts, like A LOT
DAAAaad! Why are you lurking here so late?
Intelligent Investor is outdated bullcrap imo. P/E don’t matter any more, value is not a good metric when so much value is intangible.
I’m drunk.
[deleted]
Battery swap is fine. Especially because the batteries are getting better. More miles = less battery swaps = less congestion. Plus garages are uncommon in China. Battery swap stations is as ideal as it gets
I'm gonna be at this level in 5 years. You'll remember the name. (but not by trading stocks lol).
Alright, though keep in mind I think chess.com starts at 1000 as start rating or something while Lichess starts at 1500, so not as dramatic as it looks at first glance.
SOR seems to handle the algos
thank fuck for AZ legalizing pot, can't wait to go to the dispo myself instead of relying on someone
Buddy owns fuckin 3500 in shares and is ~planning~ on buying fds
Eat pray love.
Can confirm. 

I even caught Natasha  checking her Robinhood app at The Baccarat on Friday evening.
Yeah they students aren't dying, but how many are going to go home for Thanksgiving and smoke grandma? Or get someone else sick who does
Sorry I can't hear you I'm on my blackberry listening to music on my itouch.
You might not wanna watch
[deleted]
The Alchemy Of Finance, anything by Druckenmiller and How To Make Money In Stocks, lame title but one of the best I’ve read.
Buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy
This is sickening fuck
Cheating on us with r/PS5 because everyone downvoted his golden Asian escort stories
“Couples steak dinner”? You paid to go to this? Fucking deserve to be forced to listen to discussions about interior design
Well said sir
Couldnt find it link plz
RIP Lil Peep
Everybody and their mothers are in NIO so IV is high. Earnings coming up to. I imagine IV to stay above 100% even after earnings
okay pal. whatever. Just please don't pass on your racism to your twins if you can help it.
they’ll actually get fucked with shutdowns. Might have to get some puts too
r/wallstreetslutz
If you can read, then your part of the 1% of this sub that isn’t completely retarded. Consider yourself blessed and buy NIO calls
Yea crazy high IV because of the hype and interest.
Post your trades so we can inverse you
He just needs a small loan to get started.
Too busy with escorts
Start a gofundme for "your friend" who is a wee down on his luck, and lost everything in a "unfortunate accident".
I honestly hate cocaine, I just like how it smells
Double AND nothing
I believe you banged a hooker, I believe that part. I dont believe she was reading graphs, I think you made that shit up 100%.
Could you explain why? I figured Monday would be the lucky day since people have been panicking all weekend and will try to help NIO recover asap. Also retards like me buying yolo calls.
I have 1500 shares of Mind Medicine MMEDF
Buys on rising green, sells on panic red.
They are waiting for a good angle to implement Tesla’s stolen battery technology. Right now it’s too risky with COVID.
I wish I played the ride up up until Friday and the crash down on Friday but unfortunately I’m a smooth brained individual
Everyone's just a monkey dancing for their bananas. Expect now there's a couple missing from the bushel and the people in charge are telling you to dance a bit more for your share. Don't worry though that dancing now means all the bushels you want later*



*Lol just kidding*
I started again recently but it was like 800-1000 on chess.com I think. Ok yea that makes sense why you murdered me lol. I’m pretty average but usually if I play randoms I have an even record
I just started selling covered calls. Are the premium on NIO so high cause it’s been rising so fast or is it cause earnings is coming up or something?
On Friday I sold 5 calls for 11/20 $70 and got like over $400 in premium. That’s crazy. I tried selling AMD weeklies super far ootm and it was giving only like $20 not even
How many tomoes do you have?
Might work. Don’t hold that through... The stock has to fucking moon to escape IV crush so if it stays flat or drops you’re fucked. If it drops your double fucked because of crush and the drop.
Your biggest mistake was thinking you sold at NIO’s top
pton calls
What was the hooker invested in? I’m trying to avoid sucking dick for a living
I think that's not quite accurate, especially looking forward at all. If you look at what they are doing, Nvidia is positioning itself as THE provider of the platform (hardware and software) on which AI and ML compute will be done during this phase change in computer science. Yes, there is a hardware component with their GPUs, there is also the software, such as CUDA which I have mentioned earlier as well as their many AI frameworks, training models, etc. I think you're missing their mid to long-term software and platform strategy due to it being overshadowed by hardware profits and leadership in the short term. I would highly encourage you to watch all the videos from GTC earlier this year and re-evaluate your stance on their revenue starting at 0 every year
That's the dream. But it's just that a dream
Just shamelessly reposting my meme from r/pennystocks
Happy bday anon.   Enjoy this day and every day
Oh i see, so you're saying learn to invest before trading
https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/580474/dr-seusss-1-2-3-by-dr-seuss/

Pretty good book on numbers
You may know this, but of all your retirement accounts to go risk on with, the Roth is the best choice because the gains aren't taxed and withdrawal isn't taxed in retirement.
That said, if you were smart you'd cash out at least part and go to index funds with your fat win.

Edit: of shit sorry this is WSB. Yolo on NIO calls or ban.
What kinda work you do?
True. I fought to basically get every possible trading permission Worldwide.  It's super helpful.  More importantly, by having this permission, it has no 'negative impact' on my buying power. Aka - I'm not punished for selling weeklies at a strike price lower than my mid-term or LEAP plays.  Keep banging your Broker over the head until they relent.
Do the curtains match the drapes

Edit carpet lol
This is so fucking stupid that it might actually be genius. God damn it
[deleted]
It is like combining MineCon, 4chan, the daily and Bloomberg. Yes, it’s that bad, I suspect 80% of the people in there are underage.
Yea shakira’s movie was better than expected. Love her
This is the way
I guess video hosting is video hosting
I’m at a couple’s steak dinner and these fuckers are talking about interior design.

What’s up guys? I’m drunk AF
Bc you need a good base of buy and HOLDS before you go trying to predict the day in and day out swings of the S&P let alone individual stocks
What's your rating? On Lichess I peaked at 1850 on classical in the spring, though haven't really played since. Playing you was fun and might start up again on the side, so thanks!

Edit: Don't have an official FIDE rating yet
Me!!!
So main st dies so wall st can live. Hmm
Gtfo Andrew
Price targets for technology shouldn’t go past 2 years just bc of how short the lifecycle for most tech is and just in general anything after 3 years is bullshit bc it is near impossible to calculate earnings more than 3 years out accurately
This is the top
Watched the Planet Fitness CEO in an interview last week. Dude was so obviously terrified and making senseless, desperate comments that I bought a pile of puts. Ridiculous gains on them so far. All my DD moves got crapped on and the retard gamble paid.
The ATH dip?
Have you guys ever watched AKIRA probably one of my favorite movies now.
Kodak Boppinnnnnnn'
I got a couple hundreds shares back it was at 12, and got out at 15 because I don't like battery swap. Maybe I'm wrong but I only lose money on what I believe in
Calls still cheap from earnings IV crush
https://locations.checkers.com/tn/nashville/3001-gallatin-road
Friday spy puts  GO
I see the first part of the V recovery
[deleted]
Let’s get rich off of options bro. Never work again. All it takes it a few 10 baggers.
Because 200% tendies
Post a link
Suck a bag of dicks. Clearly updated my thesis
Mah ni*** 😎
Why's that
People still do that?
Have it on my watch list lol
[deleted]
FOMO PLTR on Monday?
$300 to pretend you're an astronaut?
How sway
> imagine selling
It doesn’t affect the markets though. NIO only go up wtill
Thank you for the reply. I'm really sorry for being slow and asking the beginner-level questions. I hope I can give back to the community once I gain experience.

Since the 3k max gain is not correct, does that mean I would earn way more?

What I know based off the IV crush is that if I supposedly still had those contracts when the market closes on Tuesday, things will turn out very bad. So my plan was to buy the call contracts first thing Monday morning, say a prayer, and get rid of them by early Tuesday morning at the latest.

Thank you again for taking the time to reply to a clueless retard like me.
yes I own some LIT
You autist never cease to amaze me
Found Citrons account.
Trading Option Greeks
Honestly looks to me it's going to moon because of the bearish sentiment but I'm too pussy to actually play it. Gonna sit and learn
You broke my will, gg. But yea i was getting spanked before too and played like almost 30 games
Link
Dude working fucking sucks
Just delete the app and start over
 but the population is exceedingly dense...
The Intelligent Investor ... only if you ain't worth 100k already
An IPhone isn’t better than anything else. Supreme either. Branding is key, and the mass of muppets out there will pay top dollar to fit in.
In the TFSA... you can't even do a tax write off.

Certified dumbass
Bought calls when it dipped to 500, easy couple thousands made already
what the fuck
Plantir
Has anyone actually watched nio cars battery swap. There’s no way this is going to be feasible for large scale growth
...why wouldn't you just go theta gang?
3420.69
No but I had one of the options I sold exercised, lmao I sent the sucker 100 barrels of oil.
Just took a dab of some OG 🍪
🤤
Tuesday is when it’s gonna make the big moves IMO
what a beauty
👀
What's up with "5 year price targets"? Like is DDOG really gonna be 2,230 and PLTR really gonna be $150. About to DD in that shit...if so God bless this  stupid technology era.
Lets make it happen
F
How the hell does one fuck up this badly?
For less retarded retards what books do you recommend for trading stonks, Trading For a Living was pretty good
M o b I l e e x m a n s I o n
Price gouging, while ethically questionable regarding certain goods, maximizes the efficiency of the market by drawing high prices on high demand goods and signals for more production. You took the risk in the event they didn't go for above retail. If someone is willing to pay double for the PS5, it would be stupid for someone not to sell it to them. Well done in my opinion.
Well yeah a thermos is a thermos but It’s about branding & marketing with them. Retards will always spend more for brand name shit this isn’t anything new
Yea I always get drunk and buy that shit. But I need to be on everything under the sun to pay for Bumble. Yeesh! It’s my fav too, because it requires no effort
You make massive gains buying before earnings. You just lose it all holding through because of IV crush.
That was actually me, sorry, though I'm among the people enjoying your posts.
R we going to UK bb????
You from Canada?
We are all retarde
If u are wrong I am gonna rasengan your face
I'm drunk. Spell it out for me
Upvote if you lit rn
So you’re blaming ronin hood?
VEGA gang
https://microclimate.com/pages/air-detail 

thinkin about coppin one of these with my future tendies
[removed]
Having so many NIO put holders and bearish sentiment gives me hope for my NIO calls 

11/20 50c
Never fucking recommend stocks to people you know.

If they make money, they think they're geniuses. If they lose money, *you're* the asshole for recommending it.
May I ask how did you lost it? Weeklys? Short term? Diamond hands?
[deleted]
SPY puts at the end of March. So much euphoria
Where's Haupt91 when you need some good content
You're the true definition of paper ✋.
Xans are wild man. Sometimes I won’t remember two hours sometimes I won’t remember two days
[deleted]
Money is more valuable. Public relations and Brand exposure are so they can make money.
That happened to me too, the dark web told me to put chocolate ice cream in the battery slot to stop any transduced signals. Worked like a charm
You need byakugan not sharingan
Oh shit, this bubbles about to burst
Mobile ex mansion
Oh boy 😂
North Pole is in the middle of the ocean and is considerably warmer than the South Pole. If I was a yeti I’d go south. Puts.
r/sportsbook
Lol 😂
Yo homie msg me the rumor. I am nio bull boy $17c 1/15/21, $35c 1/15/22 and also $50c 11/20. Plus I tell you early that "you r ok bb"
The lifestyle shit sounds and looks tacky as shit to me
Whaaaat?
[deleted]
who that
Second that looks like it built-up some solid support
If you unlock lvl 3 it might be able to , but even at lvl 3 they limit what strategy is available
It’s pretty wild but it only lasts for 5 minutes. I recommend if you don’t have any underlying psychological issues
Much of WSB has capitulated. Very Bullish indeed
So what you're saying is that doing this will either turn out very good or very bad? 

Sorry, I'm still trying to wrap my head around how IV drops work. I know it's a no-go to buy stocks close to earning reports expecting a big gain.
Bumble boost is gay just get tinder gold
[deleted]
looks to be a planned outage
Another weekend. Another where’s u/jaydon1 ?
TSP is for all federal employees not just the military.
>Buy the dip

I''m working away pops but wat dip lol.
Like an earnings that shows how much they actually made .... say on Tuesday?
I bought warrants first balls deeps with 4000, since September I’ve been buying commons slowly. Adding 1k more if it dips again then I’m maxed out.
Yes, but it has to spread over future years. Seek a cpa
[removed]
YOLO on $NIO Calls. Your baby will be driving Lamborghini in college
Unfortunately the only way moving forward is with that shit stain in the hot seat
Corsair gaming would fucking moon, because every retarded 22 year old college student would buy a new gaming PC.
Can confirm, stopped after a loss
Your assumption that it's a she and doesn't have a cock is invalid
Yup, my 100 percent sure my phone is being tapped.  TMOBILE said the ONLY way they could activate my new phone is to keep my same sim card.  They could not under any circumstances activate my esim.  Same last year with cox.  I bought my modem and they insisted it was leased from them and would not free up my account until i brought mine in.
So where Tesla’s... never materialized. This will never happen 😂😂😹
Nio is rumored to spin off into e rockets and e drilling company.   11/20 100c.
[deleted]
I’m dick deep in a jar of peanut butter
just buy new friends
Bruh, bumble really is asking for $13 a week to get more swipes? What the actual fuck is that shit?
Found a pornhub channel that is just some person doing prepared piano improvisations and bizarre, atonal songs.  It's their music site, no porn at all.  It's almost like they're lost.  I wish I had thought of that. It's called PsyBeriy.  I feel like I found an Easter egg on pornhub.
No
It’s the quiet middle class that makes 80-100k per year per person and hates their job just as much as the wage slave. Expendable income = potential retirement or never ever retirement.
Are you doing spreads? Max gain is theoretically infinite (but not happening lol) if you doing naked calls so no way 3k max gain is correct. It also doesn't factor into IV crush post earnings so don't use it as an accurate estimate .
$3536.23
I’m dick deep in 11/20 365c
I'm holding stocks in BABA (I know that they will rise for sure in the long-term) but your play is tempting me to buy some shorter dated calls too even though I am worried this fiasco with the regulatory authorities might take a while to resolve.

Probably will throw in a couple thousand into BABA calls just to see what happens.
[deleted]
Not necessarily
Hire a CPA.
It’s going up, but could also go down
If you are a professional trader or some shit you can deduct more than 3k I think
I wasn’t there the first time, but I’m here now.🥈
Am I really the only person who realizes the importance of Thiel and Karp being on the steering committee of the Bilderberg Group?

These guys are connected to all the power brokers of western civilization, and they make government backed AI and data analytics software.

I keep stating this interesting little fact in here, and no one seems to clue in to what is clearly going on with this company.

*Positions: \~1660 shares.*
If you’re looking at points of control for the last 3 months 349.34 is proper mid range & 343.62 is likely possible on the down side. 360.76 is 2 standard deviations on the median for that channel. 387.29 is 2 standard deviations on the 1 year channel. Nonetheless, wobbly rally this week. Stay vigilant & I’ve done well with Long leaning short strangles that were sold before the election. GL, All!
I was gifted a yeti, it’s legit no better than anything else. I am astonished to think a person actually paid for their product. Better hope a lot of corporations stepped up for a gift instead of a 2020 salary raise
Sir this is a Wendy's
[removed]
At 22, you’d be lucky to have 12,718? You need to get out of the house more.
Ha ha. Happy to spread a bit of (mostly) useless info.  I am a happy IB user but this may not work on RH, although it should.
Sorry. Autistic. Bad at Math. $58 difference between median and closing price. 10% difference. Solid upside.
I would nut in Gina Valentina fa sho.
I put all my money in the C and S fund when I think the market is going up and move it to the G when I think it will go down. You can only make two interfund transfers a month so they are kinda preventing you from actively managing your portfolio.
I am def in for the long hold. currently 300 common just trying to buy every pay period when I get more money lol.
Apple products value design over function. If you are having issues with ergonomics, you really should look elsewhere. 

Try to use more keyboard shortcuts. Also possible that you are developing some carpal tunnel syndromes that would be eased by you using a wrist brace overnight.
Hahaha
[deleted]
That would be a guy. And the answer is no.
[deleted]
Yeah thats another good point XD wrong exec gets on their naughty list they will roll up shop or flip new leadership in there that doesnt know shit for whats going on lol Idk that was the thing when this guy was like im in for a couple years is when I was like oh noo its retarded
big black gay bulls
My plan was to buy the calls first thing Monday morning, say a prayer, and sell them before the market closes (on Monday). Hoping it jumps a bit and reaches $47-48 range.
Anyone know where the options tab for the weekend dow is? I cant find it
If it jumps up IV will skyrocket and those options will be worth more. If it goes down or stays even, the contract will get fucking eaten by crush. There is a circumstance where even if the stock goes up 1%, you look at an ITM call drop 30-40%.
Thats not the wsb way that’s the way of the few winners s here
it probably only takes price movement into consideration
I have a theory they trash it just to buy in at a cheap price
They got short squeezed?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ignore the naysayers. BABA is fantastic value fir the long term. I own shares, sold covered calls against them plus picked up calls.
Puts on this guys mental stability
Who the hell would want to nut in a porn star?
Between 3000 and 4000
AMD has a PE of 100 that shits retarded
At my age you’d be lucky to have this money and I bleewwww it
no but at 43 i bought a 11/20 call at 45 ($601) and $70 ($160) do you think ill be good
[deleted]
What was your strike if you don’t mind me asking... I bought calls too
Guys I have a Sharingan and used it to see the market on Monday and can tell u bears r fuk
This
Already up a couple, but long term hold for me. Just deciding if I want to execute warrants before they convert. I have 5 years till they expire so no rush lol
We already got one dude he rose his price target to 18.
Even if the short squeeze doesn't happen I'm sure it will go up when console release and holiday season numbers come back.
NIo is dead. Long live Nio.
Idk their financials are showing sharp upward trends so they are figuring out how to make money
Income inequality in US is near or above historic all time highs
I work unionized construction no education. Worked two jobs in high school. Live at home
💯
!remindme 3 months
Lol you and me both. 🤔 It's probably the gambling that I love best.
[deleted]
Learn greeks
How many shares did you buy? I’m thinking it buying for long term hold.
Amzn share price predictions for end of year?
Literally cackled
[deleted]
Lmao why the fuck did a thermos company think it was necessary to go public 😂
Usually super bearish in here on weekends since the bulls are out slaying chicks and driving lambos
Jesus christ dude
gotcha, I am still to see the results in 2 weeks or so. I did use a good mouse before but fuck, I think I will get RSI on my right hand
oh my
Melatonin helps me. 10mg and I don't have a care in the world.
Prob a rotisserie chicken, some tortillas, and salsa
$37 higher that's like 5%? I'm sold on this shit doe
Wow gratz, you're going to be a much richer man/woman in a few years.
Not a right calculator for the mentally challenged
Any worried NIO bulls should look up the previous companies Citron trashed 🙈🚀
Source?
I've been searching for bots to grab a ps5, but no luck. The top 2 I've seen are sold out, can you point me in the right direction, please?
Of all the crap we have to scroll through here THAT’S the guy you want to ban?
easy come easy go.
It rhymes with “mobile ex mansion”
I did use one but I experienced numbness recently. so I bought a trackpad and have it for 2 days now. just thinking about your experience with it
Looks like pod racing is back. I'm in.
what was the blip?
Wish I could just Xanax myself into a coma until 9 o’clock Monday
Stop buying retarded companies, hoping for a miracle.

Buy tried and true companies and calm the fuck down.

Ya... it's going to take a long time before you get your money back.
hope u learned something at least.
What date?
Wheel strategy? I’m new here
[deleted]
https://nationalinterest.org/feature/china-now-world%E2%80%99s-largest-economy-we-shouldn%E2%80%99t-be-shocked-170719?amp
would of been more that calculator is a piece of fucking shit never use it back when I didnt know the greeks I used it pre earnings on a stock thinking the most I could lose was 30% of its premium. Was actually closer to 98% with IV crush
I mean hope your right for many peoples sake but 90% of the time when these randos are like ive made xx% the past few days the big equity boys are primed to leave you all bag holding has happened since the economy was established. I mean when I was in I did my dd and idk some stuff just didnt sit right with me I took my 50% bagger and just didnt look back was too rich for my blood at $6 a share personally XD
Spread ya cheeks and see
Very much emphasis on that. I'll catch up to you guys eventually, but for now I have to ask the stupid questions unfortunately. In my head I thought I'd come out to waaaaaay more so I'm super confused why me risking 8k would only lead to a gain of 3k.
You’re gonna be rich
Could be!

Look at the timeline, though. I intend to write some 12/18 $150p this week if we see a significant red day. This will cover 25% of my invested capital. 

As the theta decay on the 12/18's burn, and LONG before any stimulus or vaccine is out, we may well see the drop. 

Even if we hit $150 before 12/18, I just buy back the short leg, and then sell the long leg. That way, I get theta benefits from the 12/18, as well as delta and vega gains from my 3/19's. 

Even if this blows up in my face and I recognize that I'm wrong on 12/18, I've locked in 25% from the puts I wrote, and will likely only be down a maximum of 60% on my long leg. 

Max losses of 35% don't sound so bad...
It blew up
89.9% now . Thanks chief .
I think the market needs it just to put the fear of losing money back into people
Just here to cheer for a lost vape being found. Fuck, i know the pain.
I worked in tipped restaurant jobs for a decade and in sales. Unpopular but your opinion is a thousand percent right. They’re awful to work with.
Vaguely why?,
Softbank has soft PP.
265 11/20 calls - fingers crossed
sooo am i gonna wake up to a new life this week? oh and by the way i mean get out of the debt not sell my booty on the street
This is so fucking stupid it just might work
You already posted this earlier lol
lol no this sub has been filled with bears since Thursday, bears are just more quiet in general
Airlines def not going up lol
Reference to the chess-related Netflix show "the queens gambit"
Thank you so much. Made my day
Yes, he could do that if he has an extreme upside bias.  Or, he can take a $39K-$45K one week profit, depending on whether he sells covered calls or not.
How hard will my 9er third string get decimated by the Saints
Introduce them to WSB and have the last laugh.
Because people buy dumb stuff, the amount people earning minimum wage but dropping 30k on new SUVs is mind boggling.
Stocks don’t get valued on the now. They get valued on the future. Come back to this chain in 2-3 months

XLE doubled from the March low to the June high... while we were in actual nationwide lockdowns
Kcac. You heard it here first.
It doesn't let you sell puts on margin. It SHOULD work but doesn't.
Why? Is it not accurate?
Buy the dip
this is brilliant stuff, mate. Hope you get those tendies. I'm getting 300c's for january.
Well the most you would gain is potentially unlimited.....
thats what turns me off too usually

but apparently, this time its going to be very different. this new xpac removes the daily chore bullshit that ate up all your time, squished the levelling system & added a chill solo raid 

still doubt the game will be much fun though
This is worthy of wall art
11/20 56c bears will be pissed
Telling random people off on tinder isn't therapy? Have I been overpaying?
$560 calls for 11/20, hoping they crush it or tech has a good week
X | |

O|O|

X| |
Ban
Do you follow these closely? I saw some giant prints that were shared on here including VGIT and DUST. In some cases you can confirm options buys or sells but all these big moves could be selling the top as easily as buying at resistance.
Not trying to be funny. Indians are very cheap. And in curious as to why
Mega yikes
I hate the fucking calculator
Read alot of comments on this thread. The issue is the few that hold on until 60 or whatever have the capital to lose their initial investment. Taking gains is function of your financial health. If you're a millionaire and sunk $50k into Nio at a $1 why not hold on? Either for gains or tax benefits. If you're putting $50k and have a nw of $70k then it's okay to take gains when it runs up even 20 percent.
Mega yikes
[deleted]
Def not going higher. The big money will sell so they don’t have to pay taxes. You don’t know much
Don't $#@& which China stocks unless you want to risk a major risk of your capital.

The CCP can take away assets at a snap of a finger and can disappear your equity anytime they want. 

There will be a comeuppance in the next decade. Other countries are not going to take the CCP's $#@& for much longer.
I’m gonna need to see some screenshots of bullish positions before I give out classified bull gang info
Wow sub is officially more bullish than Cramer. Sub 300 may actually happen
Okay lol 😂 I’m not a complete moron. I make sure to pay all my bills and put money into the long term. So ‘I’m leveraged at a maximum of my options risk tolerance*’. How’s that?
Someone get this guy some dick ...ASAP
We do it with stocks/options everyday so sell them now while the premium is hot! And take some of the profits and buy back later
Low population density
Ward dont be so hard on the boy
I yeeted 16.5k into STO NIO 33p 11/20 🥴
Emphasis on IM NEW HERE
Yes that it self is worth 300 billion, I don't know when people realize that. 😂
The calculator can't predict volatility crush. Buyer beware
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jufcdv/nio_retards/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
GUH
Sammmmeeeee
yes but to make the big bucks you almost always have to be one so go for it
I have calls, what rumors tho?
haha, u a funny man. why would anything higher than 380 not make sense for you while 380 seems to you like a certainty. Haha, why is 380 so magical? Why not 390 or 400? or 383 for that matter?
SPY not even in the top 20!?
Am I fucked for yoloing NLS calls?
Dude last I heard NIO went brrrrrRRRRRRRRRrrrrr
The calculator will show the potential gain per contract I’m pretty sure
NFL parlays
That's pretty tachacardic...
Same. The nostalgia wears off pretty quick. I also get discouraged thinking about the amount of time I’d have to invest in it again.
Agree
Volatility only going higher though. Theta is relatively negligible
Gnus ? Oasis ?
This would be funny if it was accurate maybe. Middle easterners have all the oil money. Indians have...tech support call centers where they get screamed at by frustrated Americans all day
X | |

|O|

X| |
I'm not trying to be a dummy, but isn't that how naked put collateral is calculated? Isn't it basically as you are describing, albeit with the equivalent collateral to be long that particular stock at the brokers' special requirements?
If you play options, it's abundantly clear.  What the 2 'Questioners' don't understand is A. Option Pricing & B. Selling covered calls beneath the strike price of a longer dated option.  In fact, I would wager that 90% of this site is unaware of such a thing.  **I updated my comment to state 'OPs calls and not 'these' calls.**
Is there any public company not reporting their earnings using GAAP???

Super retarded question.
Yes fuck him. He can’t push his simple peasant game on us. Checkers gang
I know which rumor you’re talking about. Regardless, I don’t think I’ll be playing ER on this one. The expected move is way too high. Get caught on the wrong side and you’ll be screwed. Also, if you sell options and get caught on the wrong side you stand to lose a lot as well lol
Memes. It was all in the Memes.
[deleted]
>I don’t trade on margin so I’m never gonna owe the broker anything.

Then you aren't leveraged to the tits.  You're merely all-in on it.
If you don't want him here, just beat him until he leaves.
[deleted]
What’s the rumor?
what rumor? no troll pls
Br the last time spy was at $300 was back in june and it never looked back besides thats ~19% drop. I’ll take my chances we go up 1% on monday
What are you guys buying tomorrow?
If you had been paying attention to NIO sales, deliveries, plans to double production, xpeng earnings, Li earnings then I do believe most would be inclined to think that NIO will smash earnings and the stock will moon 30%. I do think the case against the valuation makes more logical sense however I think general market sentiment will prove otherwise. 

In other words, almost every stock is over valued and therefore almost none of them are. I believe that to be the case here. Extremely high potential for growth and capitalization and monopolization of large markets. With an opportunity to get in on the fifth floor I don't think people should miss out here. That sentiment alone will be shared by many who watched Tesla fomo. I believe that sentiment alone will be a massive driver in the price trending upward. 

Tesla had its IPO ten years ago. I bet it takes NIO half the time to reach Tesla's current valuation. And I believe Tesla will be much higher by then as well.

There *will* be a crash. And that's when we buy the dip Bois. But until then I'm a raging bull.
Ass to ass !
How the fuck is the majority of the US living paycheck to paycheck, yet daily there’s a handful of retards losing 50k+ it’s baffling how many retards have money
I'm not a full on believer, but there's at least a chance it goes 100k-1M...eventually. I bought 1 @8800 a few months back and now just trying to forget about it until the world is about to end.
That’s my boy right there 👋🤧
its gonna pullback soon for sure if you look at that graph...or it might keep pumping hard....
Teach me how to be as cool as you please.
Are you going to roll all your gains into SONOS calls?
[deleted]
I had 100 shares and was selling weekly $2 calls on them when it was at $1.50 or so for $2-4/week and it jumped past $2 so I sold at $2 I guess. Still doesn't make up for the fact that I bought on the first day when they were like $9/share and I would've bought puts last week but like...IV
I don’t trade on margin so I’m never gonna owe the broker anything. And if it ends up being a falling knife that’ll hurt for sure. But I’ll eat the loss and come back fighting. I’m highly confident that nio will surge back like it has been before earnings. And I’ll make an absolute killing being able to avg down if and when it does. The upside far outweighs the downside.
Thank you for making me feel better about life. I lost a measly 20k last week and it bugs the crap out me everytime I think about it.
Nice. Now like I tell myself don't get on meth and me and you will be fine in 40 years hahaha
> These short attacks are so fucking absurd though. I remember being in a rage when one of them went after Enphase and tanked like 25% of its value in one day. Seriously took over 3 weeks for ENPH to recover its value even though the whole thing was BS.

This one wasn't BS - it wasn't complicated, but it's solid logic that if Tesla is selling way below the level DB thinks is dangerous for NIO that has a good chance of screwing NIOs order book and wrecking the stock price since it's already twice as overvalued as Tesla.

I get that the bulls hate that narrative, but there's nothing inherently absurd or flimsy about it - it's a decent thesis.
X |  |

|O|

|   |
The same reason you don’t own more than $40 worth.
The current price of his calls are $12.95. A $9 to $11 move in the option price would put his Feb $290's at $22 to $24.  I said $20 as a minimum.  I thank you for confirming. For real.
Hey you guys 'member when some retards were saying that big ass damn in China was gonna blow?
Higher then 380 ? That’s a reach there has to be a corrections somewhere on the way
[removed]
Down, cos Cramer said it would go up.
I have been there.... don’t understand how it hasent hit  as it’s full of doorknob licking morons....
Just uninstall and reinstall the app.
I mean I havent really been paying attention to NIO cause no point looking back but getting now just seems insane to me. Also back when I was holding them I tried to do DD but for the life of me I could not find a picture of their vehicles anywhere other than things controlled by them I mean I know its china so hard to get stuff out but still just found it odd I couldnt find one like random insta picutre from someone or pinterest or any like third party just everything linked back to their sites. Also just odd a chinese company public here that does not import to here lol idk didnt pass the long term smell test to me maybe im wrong and missed out but safer fortunes to be made out there for me XD
Puts on my mentality
[deleted]
The answer I needed to hear
Yes their prisma and next gen cloud will kill it...they did last quarter as well.  Problem is analysts still judge them on their physicall firewall which is in secular decline.  Pretty sure the stock fell on earnings last Q even with a great showing.  Guess well see this quarter.
[deleted]
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GndAiU2qoDI&ab\_channel=Joaquin2123](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GndAiU2qoDI&ab_channel=Joaquin2123)

Always into the East
Hope so cuz it happened for me all day on Friday, lost almost 2k
Bullish
Apparently not:


https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5911985/

In any event I wasn't really doing much exercise in the 6 months before I got covid because of lockdown, so I don't think they're related. I was more just saying I wasn't obese or having other exacerbating symptoms.
no thanks, a bit overvalued for me atm. I'll stick to amd and intel.
Insane. A knockout jab. Ffs.
Loser mentality
I mean sure. But we will definitely be higher by Jan
😔 fuck man. I coulda bought a few back in March
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/health/inslee-to-ban-indoor-gatherings-and-dining-plus-issue-more-covid-19-restrictions-for-washington-state-industry-sources-say/%3famp=1

WA new restrictions
X |  |  

   |   |

   |   |
Stock market, that's where all the inflation is at
[https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/domestic-market-operations/monetary-policy-implementation/treasury-securities/treasury-securities-operational-details#current-schedule](https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/domestic-market-operations/monetary-policy-implementation/treasury-securities/treasury-securities-operational-details#current-schedule)
Yes
I am so glad I live in a country where I can't yeet my money in stocks you guys recommend. That way my retarded moves are my own.
[removed]
If we’re both talking about the same rumor, no. If that’s true it’s going to fucking moon, no way that’s priced in
Yeah I have a feeling Wednesday/ Thursday will probably be the best buying opportunity to get in before this thing goes back to meme levels.
GE always surprises me.
Yes, demand is crazy rn
Dude had like a 150$ account, nothing of value was lost
Yes but they are jealous
Don't forget to test the hookers
Hold it pussy. The way it's been moving it will hit 17 on Monday
Yes that's also what happened to Star Buck's competitor Luckin Coffee.
Dude you’ve been posting this shit all day... rub one out and chill tfo.
Or to $300, it's  kinda one or the other at this point. Get yer straddles!!!
[deleted]
Is the 10" horse cock in your ass? Is that why you walk funny?
If you win you should come to Rochester and drink a beer at the Genny Brewery with a view of Kodak Tower
Volkswagen EV taking Tesla stock in Europe, Chinese EVs emerging in China(and stealing Tesla tech), Tesla credits end next year, many car companies coming out with their own EV's, the hyped up to hell battery day underperformed in my opinion, lockdowns looming, election uncertainty, euphoria ending?  Its a gamble though.
Verified reports?

Are you looking for a lost dog?
400 eoy
Wouldn’t you think the ER has been priced in because of the rumors? It could very will be a sell the news event. Need to observe it from all sides or you could be screwed.
Are you a Buddhist or Hindu by chance?
Fake talk.

You're retarded.

Nah, real talk.

You are retarded.
Myth

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5911985/
Will they actually sell at that price?
Even though we retards, we kings too. And chess is a kings game
Not sure what age has to do with being a retard.
I was getting whooped in chess, brain dead and can’t play. I ain’t no winner rn
i am buying a whole bunch of jan 230c's
It's funny to laugh at but the train keeps rolling. Anyone that doesn't have 1 as a long term hedge is just dumb.
Got bored
11/20
www.pornhub.com
Got it boss. We know what to do.
Yes
Distance learning and scale models for learning. Shits getting too expensive
You just need to get to $0 and it automatically resets.
"Why did I follow him...? I don't know. Why do things happen as they do in dreams? All I know is that, when he beckoned... I had to follow him. From that moment, we traveled together, East. Always... into the East."
[deleted]
NIO won't do a recall. 

They'll just disappear the news.
The earnings call IS in December.
A massive one
[deleted]
Ehhh, it's possible, just cuz corrections can be quick and severe.. and we're still highly volatile.

However we had a lot of hedging unwind this past week and we're going to see severe support in the 347-350 range going forward.
Winners don’t quit
Bullish for both
In short, margin call.
Dude DMT in a joint is also dope. It’s like every hit you just get fractal visuals that last a minute or two
PLUG is what FCEL is trying to be.
[removed]
Ahhh tastyworks I owe them like 1500 dollars carefull with their futures active trader platform it might as well be a casino game
Res ispa
Had PF changs a couple days ago and a super colon cleanser with some kombucha this afternoon, they were the runs
[deleted]
385 for me but ya
Yes. Do u think a second lockdown will increase oil firms value or decrease it? I think it go down
Short interest rise
Irs never too late to lose money on this POS fraud.
vis a vi - definitely a lawyer
Best I can do is tic tac toe
I’m too tired
It’s so fucking retarded it might just work.
It’s confirmed, SPY TO 380 EOY.... SOURCE? MY DUMBASS. STONKS ONLY GO UP BAYBAY!!!!
It happens all the time dude.
Nope we will hit 370+ then a bad catalyst will bring us down
> Leverage to the tits on huge dips.

Leveraging to the tits trying to catch a falling knife sounds like a great way to wipe your entire portfolio to zero and maybe even owe the broker some money if you're really unlucky.
The problem with this thinking is that it doesn't involve thinking
If covid hits kentucky hard, we will get a big stimmy plan
Don’t say this want my puts to work lol
All the NIO bears having a circle jerk after Friday, if you’re holding puts for ER you better hope the rumors aren’t true or those puts are nothing burgers
Yes but also secure the bag
Bruh
1300% scared the bears away and now everyone who missed out on the run up or didn’t buy puts is cheering at the fire. No position if that matters
WTF were you doing with MSFT?
Oh ok. Makes sense now. I have some bitch shares so I’m not worried
Also slight counterpoint: the valuation from my understanding has been exploding not because of their chips but because of their data center revenue and mellanox, both of which have been revising and increasing guidance. There is a data storage race going on (look at burry positions with Google, and other plays with snowflake, AWS adjacent services) and NVDA is seen as one of the key, front of the pack players.
last time I tried I ended up paying for the expansion and then uninstalling it a week later
Agreed. Or maybe the other way around. Not sure.
nothing wrong with that. you resourceful muthufucka
its a lot like wsb
Nah he cool. Ban you
Put in 69k now you’ll be up $400
100%
surprisingly yes
All I see are more reasons for Powell to keep printing.
You are the person I want to become and who I fear becoming.
[removed]
It was on the floor but near the radiator for comfort
Spy is literally bending over asking to go to 360 🚀🚀
[removed]
Can someone do a link for checkers now?
Wow that would be great if the mods didn't ban me for posting a gif of our new president sniffing a girls hair.
Congrats on the baby. Worry less about that and how you can get some healthy gains
just get some more from your grandma's purse.

easy
actually I think I remember a couple of people saying it would crash, but I probably just called them gay bears and moved on. 

I could say I learned my lesson, but I got NIO on my portfolio, if it crashes, I’ll diamond hand this bich
[deleted]
Yeah after watching mma, which is brutal in its own way, letting concussed fighters try to stand straight before the 10 sec count then keep getting their brains rattled is way more brutal in my opinion.
Is WSB owned by China now?

All is see are retarded China stonk posts now.

Makes me long for the purple guy.
Thanks for bringing that up
There’s been so many dark pool prints among index and mega caps that 3500 is an absolute wall now. It’s here or higher without a disaster, and lockdowns won’t do it
And some sherif or something posted a video saying he will refuse to enforce it on people or establishments. 

Damage is done. You won’t talk common  sense into half the population bc a silly mask has been politicized.
ty
This is what I do and yeah I never understand that seriously
Personally I prefer half and half
you provide good DD...I hope so
The WSB Gods said you shouldn’t have mocked them and you should have invested $69,000. They say it’s not too late to make it a flat $69,000 before yoloing it on a wedge of CVX 6/21 Puts, and XOM 6/21 calls. Try to time the sell off and don’t panic if you lose a little bit of money in the short term. My favorite way of trading a wedge is going for 110%+ total cost before selling out one way and hoping the market goes the other direction. Invest in head fakes and volatility while only pulling money when it is profitable.

Source: my toilet paper the seer.
[deleted]
Bro fucking solddddd
bro you have no idea what TA even is just go back to tiktok please, you retard 12 year old traders are whats ruining this sub.
https://vanguard.wealthmsi.com/collcost.php
Rude
i have really keen senses like the movie Lucy
He was speaking the language of the gods. We were just too retarded to understand
Spy had a chance to go lower on Thursday but refused and instead headed higher. I think we try the top one more time.
What's your point?
It seems every time any company drops there's always an opportunistic class action on it. The declaration of one alone means nothing
Currently there's no rumor.
I've played the NVDA game before and learned my lesson. Crushed earnings, tanked 5%, then went up 30% the next month. Wait for IV crush then ride the wave.
yeah, it was a big sell-off, but those kind of lawsuits happen all the time, its not a big deal, its just the shareholders being pissed
Weapons grade autism
Bearish for tech on monday, airlines keep soaring sky high
VisionaryMind...  Transcended to an alternate dimension I think.  (Hopefully where people give a fuck about what he’s trying to say.)
[deleted]
That seems reasonable, tbh.
we have 36 different stations/networks we share...so ya probably not gonna happen. I know I could've but more so wish I could telework.
It's been an unbelievably easy play through covid. Kind of played out, but more quarantine leading into cold months sounds like just the catalyst America needs. TAP & SAM all day
This sub has no loyalty? Flips on things when the direction changes.
totally yes on both
I never did before your post. Based on my findings, I see no reason to ever do it again
I agree. We are seeing a quasi squeeze as new money pours in from bonds. But that needs economic support so idk.

More lending means there needs to be more economic activity and more wealth poloraiztion. With calls for more social equity something has to give. Either you cut down on the money supply or risk a total collapse worse than 1929
Screenshotzzzz or banzzzzz
Controversial opinion but it will open green, end red.
[deleted]
I know you're so full of shit that I'm going to spend what I pay for child support on calls this Monday
I still think it’s helpful. and don’t say it’s hindsight like the other guy cuz i said i bought puts

edit: nvm u replied to him
Everyone is bullish for the rest of the year. My common sense tells me another rug pull to 335  before spy 380 by end of year. Thoughts ?
[removed]
Cut receipt size in half, 50% growth just from paper cost savings!
Bro go out side tomorrow everyone is shopping, libs are ecstatic Joey won, vaccines on the way. Logically speaking if we made it all the way here with total lock down this is extremely good news for the markets. Not saying we’re going to have a 5% upside move on Monday but a pump is coming so be prepared. If people were bearish we would see the panic people had back in march. I SEE NONE
petition to ban the chess spam guy
[removed]
Stimulus is coming no matter what. alot of small buisnesses are probably going to go bankrupt but that isnt enough to crash the markets.
DD here has just been shit
I’m in love WITH Nio
I tried early on in COVID, couldn’t get back into it.
Yeah was bound to happen now and then. Although I can’t take credit for all 3, I only predicted li auto.
Holy shit that’s horrible
[removed]
That is the point of my sarcastic post. Low or near 0 rates is the new economic model. Investing in bonds is a losing play, and this is a big reason for the stonks going upppp
Holy shit, BABA got sued for drilling. 
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/baba-class-action-notice-law-001600510.html
You shut your dirty whore mouth
2 trillion market cap huh?
Tbh who knows? We might have more trade types around then.

Just send them to a state school.
I dont need to, it'll defend itself. This stock will be in the 30s at a minimum by the end of 2021.
Bro definitely not put. 370c
Yeah but they don't sell for that.
[removed]
Basically their financials don't look great or very profitable but they are on a sharp upward trend. You could say they have gone into the hole on r&d and cost of sales expenses but are quickly climbing out of it. Their investments seems to be paying off.

So balls deep on calls.
well its ur fault for not cleaning?

i mean a spray of clorox and water couldve done omethin
NIO is dead
Lots of gulf damage so probably a slight but sad boost
Are those tweets real?  Like real real? @_@
look I literally said I’m not claiming to be a genius, it just helps to know technicals and I strongly stand by that statement. please chill out
Atta boy...
Wow is trash. At least play OSRS.
10/10 post thank you
[removed]
Press ALT+F4
I think I just got scammed.
Didn't they try raising rates in 2019 and the market wouldn't have any of it
Get a hotel stay there while you get your test results.
Went great if you sold before the event happened... which I didn't 🤡
Would have been a hard RIP on logic and reality
I'll keep an eye. One thing about high leverage companies, they get massive high beta moves compared to their peers. Makes for good trading if you have the stomach to deal with double-sized swings
I'm in love just like NIO.
[deleted]
Stickied.
Survey right here. Bullish or bearish for recovery stocks on Monday? Bullish or bearish for tech on Monday?
[deleted]
Wtf lmao no wonder you are down 
NVDA, PTON, ZM calls all on sale
Cause stimmy is coming
Thermal cams?
[removed]
it's pronounced sabre
Because it's slowly becoming apparent how fucked call holders are.
If you don’t spend time together and just share equipment you’re probably fine
Good luck bro. Try to get tested. Quarantine as much as you can in the home.
See the lawyer in me needs more context. This is ambiguous. Did you shit on the floor in the middle of the office or in a stall? The former would raise concern vis a vi location, size and consistenty, the latter is a bit invasive.
I don’t think everyone is as sure as you that the system can handle the shock of another lockdown (or even just people staying home by choice). Lots of businesses scrambling to figure out if they can make it to March.
ppl be hating on me because i inversed their fomo. HAHA cheers
Sticky.
u right 😒
In a year from now 15 will be close enough to the bottom as to be indistinguishable from the bottom on the chart
Well that’s where your wrong
dude ur fked

69 is the sweet spot
yeh how many times can u replicate that tho? u got lucky that's all. ofc when it hits TA seems like amazing shit
NIO, NIU. 

Only one letter off. I'm in!
SLV gang will rise again ✊
In heaven, you can buy options on the price of options
Ignoring the fact it’s gone over $570 3 times over the last 2 months smh
In this case I would have an extra 20k thanks for that one man🖕
my baba calls big to differ...
Yup. Doomer bears are so incredibly short-sighted.
Some think hydrogen is the future. I think ober the summer amazon got a contract with them for their warehouses. I guess the tow motors run off hydrogen. I think its a technology that could contonue to take off but not sure about plug in general.
What was your reasoning behind this?
Give it time. They will lose it
Save the money for FDs bro, just download some youtube videos on how to grow wheat and make your own bullets
It’s swing down wiped out all 11/13 call holders who stayed in too long. They salty
Pay money get a shit degree that isn't worth anything. What's different?
[deleted]
bought 45ps on thursday and got a 12 bagger on friday, bought 40ps on friday for next week, cheers
bruh I’m up over 50%
My only qualm with this acquisition is that [if] weed is legalized, the government will have a regulated company to allow the distribution. Will APHA be that company is the question.
It's better to have tried and failed than to live life wondering what would've happened if I had tried.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO RETARDS

**URL:** https://redd.it/jufcdv
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jufcdv) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/BETmyhoeonTesla, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Jack-Skinne
DoubleKillGG
Rick420-
Thebush121
How can you tell?? You smell it or see it? Anyone else low key swipe behind their ear and smell it sometimes 🙈
Enough weight to drop it from 55 to under 42. What is more scary though, is that it pushed it down enough that it looked like it might lose its meme status on wsb. Comments went from all bull to mostly bear so fast. If it loses meme status it has much further to fall. It hasn't yet, but damn that looked close. I have a leap and 100 shares but this thing terrifies me
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
its cause sum idiots put ther money into stuff like expedia and ccl thinking covid is over

and now with lock downs starting again they gonna lose again...
Im sure the 10 people who live there are furious.
I grabbed 200 shares when it popped from 8 to 11 overnight in June or July. At least I have those, but I certainly regret not buying more
Can’t, bought my shares at $13 and sold at $45
They know
> So many articles came out on so many different blogs about Citron being a notorious short seller just as NIO stock price began to fall. It felt super sketchy and looked like some pretty obvious manipulation.

Just China hitting back trying to protect their stock without having to put a huge amount of money on the line to protect nio's prestige as a "chinese tesla" stock. If they have to pay to stabilize the price it will cost them huge, it's insanely overvalued right now.
Stonk went down
Yeah this feels VERY similar to February when everyone just kept thinking that it would magically go away. I'm inclined to believe we won't resort to FULL shutdowns nearly as easily, but things are already worse than they were back then and if cases keep skyrocketing even with partial restrictions in place they're going to have to do something. Lost 14k on spy puts around election day, don't know if I have the heart to keep betting on it but I don't see how this could possibly keep up.
it’s not hindsight because I actually bought puts
being a retarded comment aside, apples don't fall far from the tree.
[deleted]
Cmon dawg
I want
North Dakota just put in place a mask mandate lol
I feel bad for your puts. Hope you can somehow get out at break even on Monday
I think that one is a sleeper.  GL
with the way things are headed it'll be free
How'd you end up doing on this play?
Can someone fill me in on why this sub changed from treating Nio as some sort of god to saying it’s fucked in a matter of two day?
Customer support.
it works when it works. mostly doesnt tho. its all hindsight.
Papa - I know you lurk here. Can you please make a Tshirt to go with my S3XY shorts that read “Ready for take off” and put a little rocket on it. 

Thanks!
There are so many unknowns in this question. I don’t assume the college experience will be the one we know today, though it could be.
[removed]
You might be on to something bro👀
moving averages
Where da $FLIR gang at??  Holla at ya boy!! What what
Funny thing is, it will moon to $50 on monday.
Being a trash musician is apparently a pre-existing condition
SABR is innovation in the travel industry. Going to hit 20 eventually and maybe even more?
Do anything that isn’t WOW. Drive for Uber, train for a marathon, learn French, write a play, experiment with jelqing. Anything is better than wow
for now yes
Watch it  🚀 now on Monday
Took a dump at work and feel scrutinized by my coworkers
TINA, baby.
MAs?
Don't worry eventually the fed will refuse to issue 0% interest and then you'll make money

Oh wait they said that'll happen by 2023

And oh wait the last time they raised rates caused big dump (in Dec 2018) 

So ya maybe in 20-40 years that play will work?
Yeah I’m waiting for a good entry point. I made a ton during the initial run up and lost about half of it when chamath got shut up on air the morning after earnings 😂 so kinda scared of a repeat situation plus there’s hardly anyone talking about spce rn.
Wonder if he read the Wonderland Gambit series.
Crawford is such a beast
Do you know how you caught covid? Was it the lack of taking precautionary measures or what? Genuinely curious.
https://imgur.com/a/XGY6CBU/

I’m not claiming to be a genius but it gives a good idea. also this lesson was free so take your complaining elsewhere 😂

those photos capture the true power of knowing trade lines and MAs
There's a lot of tech stocks that will crash hard.
Anyone suffered from June Put diamonhands here?
Still holding?
Why Kodak...?
its never good
Wtf did you buy ? Enron ?
Damn what happened to the guy who used to spam emojis
[deleted]
Red is bad.

Me analyst.
Awfully quiet...
Sorry to see this, but I want you to know that reading posts like these help me to not over trade or over size. So thank you for your service
[removed]
to where tho?😳
Hmm math doesnt check out
Each time being every 30 minutes
I got some leaps just because a good amount of the float is shorted right now, and the market likes to fuck large amounts of people. That’s my only DD
One more pump then dump
>NIO's share price was ***artificially*** driven down by short sellers on Friday through the tactic of unrelentingly selling at lower and lower bids

I mean I get that you're blindly bullish on NIO because you're holding it, but don't be salty about short selling working as intended. Short sellers sell into the bid of an overvalued equity, driving the price down until the ratio of sellers to buyers equalizes. This is the market finding the appropriate price.

Yes, there is an uptick rule that goes into play for a day after a hard drop, it's meant to prevent a death spiral on stocks that are being sold off, but it doesn't prevent continued short selling, it just means the short sellers form a wall of asks that the bulls have to buy into to drive the price up.

It's basically the regulators kneecapping short sellers after a bad day on a stock to give it a fighting chance, but unless there's a lot of demand the short selling will continue and they can resume selling into the bid and send the price down to an appropriate level.
You sir, are retarded.
When is this TLT short squeeze gonna happen??

Positions:

* 10 TLT 3/19 158c
* 10 TLT 11/20 161.50c
why are u giving ta lessons, ta dont mean shit 

ive seen plenty of genius TA people on this sub who still lost tons of money
Up, joes not even in the White House yet and people are getting excited about the green wave.
Pls tel me your plays
Fuck yeah! Is mr scruffles there too?!?!?!?
There's my boner in the chart
Two words. Sino Forest
Lead us the way Grandma 👵📈📊
China about to feel first world problems...they’ve growth can’t be sustained
anyone playing HD earnings
31.50
i bought nov 20 puts on xpeng. just because it went up so fast from nothing. if that went down to 5 dollars it would print insanely
I was thinking of buying some. I was hoping it to drop down to like 35-40 a share though. So maybe hope.
[removed]
Any idea how much college will cost in 18 years?

Part of why I’m investing is to grow money for my 2 month old’s education.
Buy Sears calls
So youre saying do inverse of what people say, so If I do inverse of what you say Then....
Why do people think we get a market crash from covid cases? This isnt march, we know exactly whats going to happen.

Lots of covid cases, lockdowns, stimulus and vaccine around the corner. Theres a reason why big money is pouring money back into the markets. Theres no where else to put the money
>https://imgur.com/OAxVOyE

Kang is that you?
[removed]
That’s one week. Look at the time frame since this rally has occurred.
Listen up retards : fuck your nio calls and buy BABA CALLS. Anti-trust violations? Lol what the fuck does that even mean? China can anti trust these nuts when BABA goes go the moon on Monday. 🌕🚀🚀
Agreed on this as a big area of growth. But at some point you start to reach saturation in the data center market. The problem here is they are a hardware company. Not like Netflix or a cloud company with a growing subscription base. Which means every FY they start revenue at $0
Just buy 100 shares and sell itm covered calls
Yeah that’s why I got em, we’ll see I didn’t buy that many
Up, down, sideways.

Who knows?
This stock was worth it at $12 a share. At over $20 a share it’s already overpriced.
Much appreciated!
Not saying Covid was planned but if it was it worked out perfectly. Chinas economy officially larger than America's now according to the IMF. America and Europe currently in shambles
why would the market crash? 

where else will people put their money? this is nothing like march, lockdowns just mean stimulus is on its way. And theres a couple vaccines around the corner.

big funds are pouring more money into the markets, even dix/gex support the rally lol
imagine that there are grown adults out there that still dont wash behind their ears. i can instantly tell if someone didnt wash their ears even if they are otherwise clean, standing behind them in the grocery store. bacterially its one of the smelliest zones on the body and is host to its own special unique fauna of bacteria. so wash that zone, dude
To be honest, I don’t know—don’t want to give you an answer that I’m not sure about. I will look into it tomorrow thoigh, B.C. now I need to find out.
Maybe if nvda hits but then buying puts right after
Boxing is a crazy sport to watch two people beat each other into a daze while they try and act fine
Can someone convince mee my TSLA weeklies which is down 68% is still safeee
Go in NIO calls, whatever strike and sell before ER. It’s the easiest tendies in the market right now. And in this game, the tendies come hard
That’s what it’s looking like. No matter what time frame you look at the candle sticks there are some big gaps. Albeit - this could be confirmation bias but usually looking at the charts is key.

Long term I think this stock is great. Short term I think still there is room for correction. That’s just my opinion though and I’m nowhere near a pro haha
Anyone thinking of playing some REITs in the coming months? I’ve been looking at IRM
Thankyou. Learn a little everyday
Is TD Ameritrade down for any of you guys?
if you had paid attention to the technicals on nio you would have noticed the fake out that morning on the 3min chart. take note of the MAs because they give an idea of intraday momentum

bought 50p at the friday top
I don’t understand this “meme” that wsb trades are shit, no joke every random wsb trade ive made has made money for example someone told me to buy puts on JMIA on monday and it plummeted 28% the next day or buying calls on CRSR now up 10%. Yall are actually 250+ individuals and I love you no homo
Lord of the rings stonk go up.
Exit opp: OnlyFans
Isn’t it the worst
Love your posts / dd . Especially in the “other” forum
It was probably the part where you said “The $280s expiring next Friday are still $1. If the stock is at $280 by next Friday, these calls will be at $20+.” So no, it wasn’t perfectly clear, and no one called you out on your ‘math’ (why did you even quote it like that?), but more so your ability to structure a thought. Hope this helped.
Exit opp: OnlyFans
im so fucking bored man

should I renew my WoW sub and help out the atvi call bagholders or nah 

anyone going back to that dead/dying game ?
OOF feels bad man
Boing
That’s exactly what I was thinking
The one by my house has nothing in the shelves. Not sure if they sold out or haven’t restocked...
Pretty sure I had it in January. Super tired all day. Just wanted to sleep all day. Had a pretty nasty cough. Think my dad had it in March met up for a vacation and I actually thought he was dieing.
Not satire. So i share a desk in a 24hour Security Ops Center...co-worker(we share the same desk/keyboard) on the last shift just tested positive..and no one ever cleans...how fucked am I? Any tips..my wife prego and due in 1 week also...
[deleted]
Yessir, and every single one is a 10 bagger. Unless you buy puts, then u get sent to hell
Based on the option you chose, this looks like a revenge trade. You're trying to get back a lot of your losses in a short amount of time. This is gambling.

The market spends a lot more time going up than it does going down. Probably better to wait for the drop to buy calls. If you're going to buy puts, at least buy a closer strike or give yourself plenty of time.
Going to blow your fucking mind rn... Disney VHS tapes go for $500+ on fleabay.
Go buy SPY 12/18 374/375c debit spreads monday
It's gonna be healthy for my puts lmao
Lolololol
For the love of god please pump.
Looking at its chart, it hit its week low and bounced off pretty hard. Bullish af
[deleted]
https://lichess.org/tJUiajV8

I have reduced the time to 5 minutes each since you tards keep leaving

12-2

The other guys sucks. I have played him multiple times and never lost
That’s fair. I’m glad at least some people have sense on this subreddit
Exit opp: OnlyFans
To jupiter
You're comparing apples to **trees.**
>also not buying tops

So, taking it to the extreme inverse and buying the bankruptcy and scandal.   Works for me.
As in the stock will go down a bit more?
If I only did thetagang this whole time I'd be up 8k but I'm down 10k due to tesla and nio shitting itself out of no where.
Exactly what I was thinking smh
[removed]
I appreciate the words bro that’s a great way to view the situation. I actually opened a ROTH earlier this week and I’ve already got those reoccurring deposits on deck🤑
I think we might be in gambling addict’s heaven and aren’t aware we already died.
I got in. $630 calls 11/20. Already up 22%
Nice
Ass to ass!
Looking at the chart NIO has a lot of gaps to fill. Not a healthy look for the short term.
I got it around a month ago and it’s been pretty bad for my lungs. I had mild symptoms for a couple days and thought it wasn’t a big deal until I started running again. I used to run at a 7 minute pace and now I die at a 9-10 minute pace.
Losses don't matter as long as revenues grow triple digits as profits will come in time just like amazon
has a floor of $10, limited downside risk until merger in 2021. buy now for spacex launch in december, sell before EOY if you change your mind
I will say on Vale - the price is pretty constant since the pump and you got a solid dividend payment if you owned the stock. That has macro-economic / secular trends of global infrastructure stimulus on the horizon

This. This is a utility. Why is WSB talking about a utility?
this is why GEICO stock doesn’t exist
So like tesla in 2013 pretty much
The price of the options will increase by the delta of the option multiplied by the increase in the underlying. A lot of options that are close to itm or near itm are around .45 to .55 delta which means a price move in the underlying of $20 moves the price of the option around $9 to $11.
Haha someone prob said this like 4 months ago and is looking back on it like FUCK.
I love Elon. Not Kamala’s laugh 🤮
I just Don’t think it’s gonna dip like that
Yay capital losses you can carry forward for tax purposes!!!
Just record lots of tracks of people talking and then play them back at the same time. He will be jealous of your party.
https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ftlycm/shares_of_chinas_luckin_coffee_plummet_80_after/
so does weed and ask people here what they think about it lmaoooo

so does being fat staypuff
So stop buying puts, you know?
Chump change right? Like why make 25k when you can just lose 25k
[removed]
Well my weeklies only last ya know, a week. Fucking mouth breather.
isn't the target like 40 now?
I fell into the covid bad deathtrap
That's a good feel.
Are you thinking what I’m thinking?
No I actually sold the puts at a good time but then the money printer started up and I (along with a lot of others on this sub), thought it was a dead cat bounce so I used pretty much all of my capital on puts and you can probably guess how that went...
Absolutely baited
I snort mine, do not ask me why but I do.
Side effects may also include: suicidal thoughts or actions, nausea, heartburn, trouble sleeping, bankruptcy, and SEVERE autism + depression
, PERIODT.
[removed]
So WBS is the most bullish on MSFT and ZM right now, did I read that correctly?
Lisa Su has her uncle's secret. NVDA's CEO is Lisa's uncle FYI. Family LEAKS.
11-16

[https://chess.org/play/e9efe9d7-5c76-4e51-ab29-8ba29029a33b](https://chess.org/play/e9efe9d7-5c76-4e51-ab29-8ba29029a33b)
gtfo
Well, time to start that OnlyFans account...
Brrrrrr
“Already made my money”

Get a load of this guy! He must think he’s in /r/investing or something
Bet I have a higher IQ than you
[deleted]
I have no idea what any of this says
slight counterpoint - Nvidia still owns a complete monopoly on datacenter GPUs due to CUDA and I think that is going to be a fantastic driver of long-term growth. But I think the gaming GPU competition from AMD, combined with supply shortages for the 3000 series should cause some short-term pain IMO
[deleted]
Do you think theres options trading in heaven?
Wish you all the best bud
Might as well wait for the premium to drop after earnings when it trades sideways for a week
What's the point of margin if you can't sell puts on it. I understand there's go-to-zero risk but the limit would mean the margin would be used as collateral. Like if I have 14k margin I should be able to make a 12k collat put.
[removed]
Good work man, that proves you will be back. But hopefully with a ROTH IRA before you go trading options in this retarded market. Market is never fair bu always be hedged with long to the dong investments. Have a good night and keep to the grind !!!
I’m glad you’re down but not out.
Yea
It sounded like you meant next Friday’s 280 calls would be $20 , like I said in the first place. Why are you writing so much?
150%
didn’t know covid does long-term damage to lungs, heart, and brain. Hmm.

Have any of you gotten it yet?
My my. Got too greedy, huh?
Damn Gratz on the thurs to fri morn yolo. I have a half dozen leaps for pltr that im hoping will do well these few weeks. Also bought a random spy 350p scratcher for Monday morning lol
Yuppp. SOLO tanks earnings and fucking moons. Time for puts lmao
A lot of IT people.
That’s what I was told when AMD was at $55. Not making the same mistake here.
Why ask for a PM? Just sell him your book or your online course!
[removed]
