shhhhh...
[deleted]
Dear diary.
Y’all think we getting another SoftBank era if stimmy gets released
Like, win the election, the popular vote, the electoral college or the lawsuits?
Positions, Leggo.
2022 nio calls pal
You thought she was 50? Your family must age terribly.
semi-honest question: is there a company that builds security shutters for commercial buildings? hammering plywood into the side of your building multiple times a year isn't sustainable.
After sampling my 10,000th dick I think I really am gay. I wasn't sure until after 9,999 of them.
[deleted]
Ehh you don’t have to be “severe” for the symptoms to last...Also you think he would be using steroid if he was asymptomatic?
Lol
You could ve lost it all this is impressive
Who the fuck still has any money left ?!?
Futures only matter when they help ones position!
[deleted]
Who the fuck names their company Derek
dayum australia just fucked everything up. cut rates to .10 and 100 billion in added QE. not going to be good.
Tech holding everything back lately
unlimited meme potential in all areas
Btw it’s 2 mil
Why
Pelosi
If you were red today, you're holding too much AMZN.
Went below 74 big discount imo
The mindset of a mango voter right here.
Man chadsdaq is fucked up. even russell is out mooning it
> cause it can be cold pressed from basically a single peice of steel.

Crafty
"I disagree with statistics" 

Kinda proving my point bro
Reality has a liberal bias
[deleted]
Good point Anal Harvester
[deleted]

Lost my mom last February, all I can say is that there are no good or bad moments. There is only how you decide to react to each moment, and you are ALWAYS in the driver's seat. Every moment that consumes you with negative feelings truly is just a moment to be overcome and make you stronger. Throw on some Tim & Eric and enjoy your *dr-oned* night 🍻🍁
[deleted]
don't be so frigid
Username check out.
ACB
Let's say you are trump, why not make a small hedge bet that biden wins?
i cant fucking read this is it good or bad
Naked?

RIP.
Ngl, holding calls overnight is risky
Got no stimulus on the way 6 months behind rent and seeing my car getting repo right now and the dog too so fuck it I'm in boys
Stupid and lucky 🚀
The absolute IV implosion after elections are finished up will be historic
I disagree. Being gay is correlated with being liberal, not educated.
You aren’t educated enough guy
We need you here, homie. Stick around.
[deleted]
Ted Cruz
Got a STEM degree from a big ten school. Absolute snooze fest. I can see why people outside the Midwest make fun of us. The professors were more drunk than the kids.
I have 80 $33p 11/6 and im down 10k today.  Rsi and MACD showing bearish signs.  What goes up must come down before going up again.  Im crying..... help
Well I’m sure your parents are proud then
And mine!
i dunno man im pretty bullish on PTON but the delays are wild. they need to start delivering.
Too big, no longer hungry. Vivint is better, cheaper, and hungrier. I’d rather invest/bet on growth instead of a sleeping giant.
But he bought the rona dip so it all balances out
The next NIO & TSLA!! 

https://derekautomotive.com
You’ll wake up just as cynical as before 😔😔
Seems due for a pullback before going higher but who knows
Is there ever a day when take had been the only sector red?
Right? There’s like sixteen commas
Why
\+5 35C 1/21/22

Bought on Friday. Playing the long game.
I feel like NIO is going to moon for a long time.
Bro it’s fucked up !!!! I’m blown away rn so high
Don't know if you are kidding or not. But don't do it. We all have those phase and in a few year you will look back wondering why you thought this way.
What happened
Pfft, you can't eat that.
Alibaba and FB better fucking launch to the moon or I’m gonna be pissed and beat someone up
RIP Nancy
PLTR they gonna need some data analysis to figure this one out $100,000,000,000 contract to make sure we can count
Got a half-chubb seeing his name.
jesus what was the peak
Positions?
AOC got some tig ole biddies
I'm voting Biden and will just adjust my portfolio accordingly. 💹
I’ll be Leo and you’ll be Kate mmmkay?
I'd agree with this. There were a few clips where he looked rough
get some good knee pads
I went to his games in college when he was booed as they thought he was worse than Drew Henson and didn’t want him to return for his 5th year.
I was gonna get one last month but I saw they updated the air and thought it was only a matter of time until the pro joins the fun
AOC
I had LVGO that just turned into some TDOC + cash.. Not familiar with TDOC charts yet but I hear from a friend who used their services that they suck. I was excited by LVGO cause seemed like a decent service with great potential.

I may hold TDOC for a while, maybe fill a lot and sell covered calls until it's dumped
Do acid next time
Elon
I wish I had 40usd 😔
I made the mistake of not enabling 2FA and lost $5,000 when someone got ahold of my password and username
[deleted]
[deleted]
Can I have your account before you go?
yo lowkey hyped for tomorrow
Birx
Original Battlefront 2 still slaps
R E G E N E R O N
Mitch McConnell
Damn Ackman lost 4 bil on Valeant.
1/3 of Americans couldnt come up w/ $2K for an emergency  
[https://www.cnbc.com/2017/03/22/1-in-3-americans-could-not-come-up-with-2000-in-an-emergency.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/03/22/1-in-3-americans-could-not-come-up-with-2000-in-an-emergency.html)

I think youre overestimating average wealth
Dungeons and Dragons is a totally different sub, bruh. Geez get a clue.
I feel like we’re on the titanic at the final scene where us retards who have survived this far are hanging on the top railing holding on to nothing but hope even tho we know our fate. The rich have taken the life boats long ago, we have nothing but our screams and each other. 

So yeah amc $5c 11/6
Remember when he tweeted about pushing the Senate to pass a stimulus.

Then 3 days later tweets about not wanting to pass any stimulus before the elections.
Buy the rip, sell the dip
Puts the day of ER or after?
Seriously asking, did anything specific happen Friday that I missed other than just a red day on the market?
If they do I’m gonna be so pissed I just bought a pro 2 months ago
https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/13090267/mystery-brit-gambler-bets-5million-trump-election-victory/

Someone out autismed him already.
I miss the days when we were pumping tickers instead all of this election, stimulus, coronavirus talk. Simpler times.
[deleted]
Lmao 🤣😅
Reddit is liberal because being young, educated, and tech saavy are all highly correlated with being a Democrat. It's just demographics. 


Some alt-right subs got banned for constantly doxxing people and encouraging violence, which breaks the reddit ToS. But plenty still exist.
[deleted]
Silicon valley bro
Very very important to remember! If Goldman Sachs says buy, then sell and if they say sell, then BUY, BUY, BUY!
asian markets have already priced in tomms results but our futures are in denial lmao.
Litty
Give the bitch 1 good pump like a mossberg 

🐂🍆💦🐻
 It a couple leaps and see how they play out.
Who’s the hottest politician
Sold 35 AAPL cash puts to dumb bears. Made lots of money. Getting escorts
This market always has me feeling like Patrick
[removed]
Hate is bad.   Hating haters not so bad.
I’m joking
Ban you bitch...truth hurts
Stock that fridge full of tendies
We all share so many things in common, we all struggle the same and we all laugh and love the same. Humans are so amazing I wish the best of humanity was talked about more in the news.
this, in the seven to 10 day period he would have been fucked with how rapid his symptoms came on.
You guys send me $, I will buy stocks with it, stocks go up, we all profit.  Can’t lose.
Run up continues until ER. Then go puts.
[deleted]
sorry you feel that way bud
So Regeneron is made in the ovaries of hamsters
Jesus what a stupid bet.
In illinois you cannot take pictures in the voting area
Someone put up $5M for Trump
Already starting like you said. I honestly don't think it will be much more than breakouts of fighting and violence. There will be no actual war.
>"As stocks rocketed today; Facebook, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft all closed lower."

Lmao and that's how you know which stocks r/wallstreetbets is holding.
Dont do it.
Yuu ah gei..
Legit thought she was in her 90s with formaldehyde in her veins
I’m retarded?
it can never happen. too many toxic people who believe winning is everything. dominating is the only way to attain self-worth and oppressing the weak is a sign of strength. shit toxic personalities as long as humans have existed.
Probably helped him with the ladies
Sir, this is Tinder. One night cry.
[deleted]
Thats why I didnt buy tesla at 200
I bought shares and I definitely feel like Patrick
[deleted]
cuz both candys love gyna
Sure, he is a double edged sword.  I hate that shit.  But his policies have been great.  Brokered 3 peace deals in the middle east, record employment. economy booming...................Then the other side, misguided immigration policies, weird tariffs, etc.,
A leader has emerged
The corporation?
🍻🍻
Watched a Tom Brady YouTube doc. Dude’s just built different. Still don’t like him tho but I respect the dude even more
People need to know I'm the kind that open 11/9 spy puts this morning and didn't sell after it hit +20%.
Exactly
Robinhood
"I participate in an active forum of investors for stock discussion" 🧐
Welcome to clown university
So buy in then?
[deleted]
i like that
Best guess for body count in 2 weeks from violence stemming from election?
I start to think maybe the virus isn't a conspiracy after all, but I'll still vote for Trump. He is generally good for my calls.
yeah I just read in illinois it could be a CLASS 4 FELONY

WTF
i dont know what you're lookin for here guy. to disprove somethin so you can go about living as you please with a clear conscience. u dont need to argue with someone on the internet to do that

its not rocket science to understand that your body pretty much has simple reward systems. yes going for a run or lifting weights can utilize such systems in a healthy way

heres a wikipedia table that shows crosslinks of all kinds between sex, opiates etc

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addiction#Reward_sensitization

if you want to categorize and place labels to try and justify it then by all means but im not real interested in hearing about it. nothing wrong with normal sex and exercise though
I cannot wait to read the daily thread tomorrow.
[removed]
Delta between NQ and ES widening, betting on strong continued loltation. It’s almost as if futures react to the past more than the future
Ban
[deleted]
Lots of weed.
Imagine being such a passive-agressive dweeb you have to start your post with "imagine...."
Shaddap ya face
Anyone bearish on NIO? and why?
[deleted]
Who gon check me boo? 💅
What happened to all the DD?
Someone tell me why reddit is so liberal and why all alt right subs got banned
Do you think Apple is gonna unveil the iPad Pro with A14 chip?
All or nothing
Did you just assume we weren’t gonna notice the massive spike?
*takes notes*
66% odds, lines remaining constant because 2x as many Trumpanzees are blindly throwing money on him as if that counts as "support". 100% this is a positive EV move.
Green dildo at night, bulls delight, red dildo in the morning, bulls warning.
I've probably said this before but with this upcoming election, I just want you guys to know...

...that bear r fuk.
What about me
Puts*
I am more afraid of losing money on puts than calls bc if you lose money on puts everyone else is happy while you are Fd
Way ahead of you, buddy
[deleted]
You retards don't even realize it's a hedge.

If Biden wins, stonks down and taxes up.

If Trump wins, taxes down stonks up.

SMH.
I like how the first guy username is like [First-name,last initial, year of birth]

And then there's u/Bendover1313
Preach🙏🏽
I will cover you my friend
Our country needs to calm the fuck down for a couple years.

This shit is ridiculous lol
No shirt no shoes is the way to go
why are asian markets so horny tonight.
Are you seeing a near term shortage in the commodities market, maybe oil?
earnings ? They sell more t-shirts ?
we all struggle and we all need love. I wish society ar large could love eachother and not everything be about money
Wasn't Kmart a leveraged buyout that couldn't handle the debt that came with acquisition?
Draft kings calls for end of month. I guarantee they are gonna 🚀  after earnings with all the new states having legalized gambling and NFL, NBA, MLB happening. Just my opinion tho and I’m not a smaht man
Happy Election Day
No but you can be bisexual
[removed]
This sector rotation is in part due to following: month end portfolio rebalancing, higher manufacturing #s (giving hope of a rebound) and few articles calling for return of value stocks all curiosily released right during tech earnings release. 

Unf all of them forgot about reality that is covid and once election is over expect MM to FOMO back into tech stocks once they get dose of reality (I would cash out any gains from energy and other value stocks like CAT).
I have a lot of puts and calls at risk this week, but the funny thing is I’m really kinda numb to my decisions boys .. I used to be nervous
if GOP keeps senate they will refuse to cooperate like with Obama and we tank
*Think of it like the trading version of the homeless dude I walk by everyday who smells like stale Cheetos and cheap vodka
🥭
As long as the judge decides you acted in good faith you’re good...
Thinking I'm actually going to start paying attention to TA...weird feeling
What will happen to NKLA's earnings now that Trevor isn't installing any new solar panels?
I currently have Nov 20 $13c but im going to roll them to late December next week
And have 35 rallies per night
Will VIX spike? I need to dump some calls.
Duck and cover.  That's my move.  Duck and cover.
Exactly man it was the only way I could cope with losing my dad when I was 16. Numbed me out. Made me a horrible person and I can’t even remember that period of my life.... drugs are horrible
I feel Bendovers pain. Bagholding Jan15 3200 calls like a bitch. Breakeven at $3457.
I should’ve bought AMD today smh
[removed]
Former high risk gambler. Blew my account more than once .just now after 4 years of losing I'm consistent. Still negative for lifetime but grinding it back
Man, what if we have a crazy finale
Were you trying to say the tale as old as time you fucking idiot?
Yea yea. And now you want to bone her because she looks good for 80.


Get in line, bud
Which stock?
Thank you for educating me, now I know who’s house to egg
He either was hiding his symptoms or never had it, no one his age could have fully recovered in 3 days even with a flu no matter how much quality care you received
Calls on your career
Make sure you don't become homeless
It's almost stupid enough to work. Almost.
I will help OP until my wife's son's college fund is gone.
Yah feels good
Imagine thinking NKLA is an actual company
SPY PUTS , Could be a YOLO move if all that retail boarding up was for something.
Im getting $300 spy puts expiring Friday. It’s gonna bleed $10/day during this no peaceful transfer of power and uncertainty
Don’t do it man
[deleted]
Are we looking at the same charts?  Those stonks have barely moved.
Maybe don't risk it then...
Can't. Just hearing Kathleen Turner's husky voice.
How much were you up?
> end up *behind* Wendy’s

FTFY
[deleted]
You 🌈🐻
Retards are gonna come here in hordes
He seemed sick though.
you can’t lose
Ah yes, it’s all coming together
Okay the second part of your message had me thinking you said the CDC put the ban back on.

I agree it should have never been lifted.

CDC recommended it be extended. White House overruled them. Shift the blame.
Just the tip
Bearish buy puts now
Forget how you actually calculate the predicted move, but I have seen that 11% figure floating around twitter. At 144% IV that sounds about right. It’s a predicted move up or down, could go either way. Straddle is never a bad move in that scenario
[deleted]
It’s so you can watch your trades
“RaCe tO $270”


- bears tomorrow, probably
They’re just as obese though
Does that fridge have Pied Piper on it too?
How you feel about VBA?
Damn. RIP his 1.3mil. Should’ve just bought a lot of spy calls
the only thing sinking here is your account.
Does anyone know if RH would also only consider this $500 buying power?
Put 2.5 on each, whats there to lose if you have 5mils already
Imagine not playing the NKLA earnings run up
Almost the whole country defines itself as "middle class"
Hedging my puts with bets on trump winning further hedged with VIX calls which are further hedged with oil contracts and finally hedged everything with ROPE
Im starting to think mango never had corona in the first place 🤥
[removed]
Remember when trump was colluding with Russia to win the presidency. And then his campaign was spied on by our own intelligence agencies..and then he was impeached...ahhh, good time
[deleted]
[removed]
Just did, seems like the flair fits you.
I legitimately dont remember the last day Futures held over +1% into open
40% of what? 40% of americans don’t even have money in the market. The majority of people that do, have it in a 401k that can’t buy individual shares. 
That being said 16k of liquid is a <10% of Americans type thing. I say all of this to show you that you are vastly underestimating average wealth
No but I’m in AMC calls....so we both pretty stupid
[deleted]
Yeah did her skeleton face and dementia in interviews not give her age away. She’s like ur mom with better doctors.
Worked for an investment firm named contango. They’re gone
I would be fine with that
Yeah bulls r bak
all the green in the world can't save a sinking ship
Vote for Donnie and there won’t be any volatility
Probably gonna get steamrolled by the trump train
People went back to work
Bears best case scenario eod Friday and Monday was a short squeeze and tm is gonna be a bloodbath
i made plenty of money while gonked on benzos, allowed me to be a great salesman etc when really i was an introverted shy dude... but it was like living life through a thick pane of glass. you are alive but not really, kind of like you are watching someone else live
Plastic on fridge and store brand bottled water - asian confirmed
Samsung appliances in general are not worth the money. Very poorly made for whatever reason
I think they are going to announce what we all were waiting for - macs will be sold without power adapters to save the planet 🙏
nah dont identify how you are voting the evil workers can destroy your ballot if they can ID who you are voting for

or so the conspiracy goes
My intentions aren’t noble in the slightest. I just want like 10 10 baggers
TSLA calls. Could very well turn to 0k just to warn ya
Flippy floppy
Yes. It feels like a small wire jabbing your dong. It’s not fun. It’ll go Away after awhile tho
Dude what the fuck?? How did the director manage to make a film of pure human terror and anxiety and suffering. (In a modern world setting)
[deleted]
?
So are we back to bull gang already??
$1 premium or $1 total?
Such a dumb bet. Why would anyone take those odds...
No matter what the fuck your dick looks like you can't get it in the uterus where the IUD is, fuck.
Homie I’m to nervous to talk shit after the weekend
Birthday's in two days, always thought it was poetic going out the day you came in. See no point to anything else anymore
AMC leaps At open
If I wake up tomorrow and nothing weird happens imma think “yet another random dude on WSB who was wrong”
Omg, you were practically born to be here. No, you were born in here. Without a doubt, you were up at some point after the split, but your greedy ass held in hopes of greater profits, didn't you? 😂
I follow a sub for investing advice, where the members jerk off to the thought of getting digital flair.
That’s what I said? The cdc shouldn’t even have lifted it, why in gods name would they even lift it considering the situation we are in. I was betting on the simple fact that they would push it another month. There’s no reason for them to lift that ban at this current time
Just masturbate instead. Same effect without the damage.
Idk some websites say it's illegal to take a photo of your own ballot
Huge gains?
[removed]
Would've lost it on puts anyway
Never paying more than $1 premium for any contract
Risk to reward is not there lol
Not now, but starting tomorrow night, YES, WE CAN!!!
You missing out on money 😂
damn we used to have 30,000 people here in the spring now down to just 10,000 

lots of people got wiped in Sep, Oct
Mine peoples
The [1876 election](https://youtu.be/rWdqTR2YkAU) might be a walk in the park vs this one.
...smh 🤦‍♂️
Tech is ded like my pet hamster.
Depends, I was able to feel it a little, didn't bother me
Fuck yo Vlookup
vote full drunk you fucking pussy
We all as humans have extremely difficult moments in life, and some are able to make life more positive but some are truly stuck in a hell hole 24/7 and I’m just blown away. I’m 21 years old and high and drunk life becoming more and more real every single day. Glad I’m not addicted to drugs and poor but I did watch my dad die when I was 16 of cancer so there’s thaT. How about you ?
ez money
Dude rly... YOLO!
You might be able to feel it and you might not. Time to find out for yourself.
the fucking mad lad, FUCKING CALLS ON CREEPY JOE PUTS ON ORANGE MAN!
You won't be able to because you are poorly endowed.
You should be good brother, it willnt take feel any different
no
Yeah its like a perpetual panic attack. Especially the mons shit, fuck that.
Rich and retarded


The dream
I just googled Nancy Pelosi and found out she’s actually 80 years old. I’m sorry but what the fuck?? My dumbass thought she’s like 50 or 60..
don corleone, why you shoot me. i just wanted enough to wet my beak. now you have to live with what they did to your boy. that is the hell u choose
Not sure about a iud but I doubt it. You can feel the ring type tho
Die baby die
Yeah we do every night but tomorrow especially
I hope this election goes smooth without any problems. This year been too much for this country.  😬
Imagine the WSB in feminine sexy voice
“bEr R fUk”you guys some musky smelling 👑🤡fucks after +0.05% AH
I know my intentions are noble, just really, really bad execution
No
Only til December? Whats your strike?
Spy 400c 11/6
[deleted]
[removed]
You sound like a pussy
You got me confused as fuck.
CDC lifted the ban. The companies decided themselves to not sail. The CDC didn't change anything today (unless you can link me something otherwise).
We had a Secretary of State who was the CEO of ExxonMobil.
here's how Bernie can still win
I feel kinda shitty seeing people winning $50k and flipping out like if I won $50k right now I don’t know if I’d even feel anything except trying to leverage it to break even
[https://www.newsweek.com/million-biden-win-election-largest-bet-ever-1544011](https://www.newsweek.com/million-biden-win-election-largest-bet-ever-1544011)
[deleted]
SPOT 250c
1. I don't see why not. You could have your phone out to review ballot choices. Just don't take a picture of anyone else's screen. 

2. Yes, but recommend doing so only if voting well outside Chicago city limits.

Edit: Do NOT do this! In any state!
You clearly don’t understand the term yolo
Ok
[deleted]
I've thought that a couple times and it always goes up the week after.
[deleted]
bullish or bearish
That was so ridiculous. Why didn’t they review it? It was so clearly pass interference.
Look up your state laws. Some allow you to photograph your vote some don’t. Red shirt is fine so long as no actual political party designation is on it.
Havent bought Nio because every retard is jacked to the teeths on it. You know how that ends ?
Journalists are running out of shit to write nowadays so they just make shit up
Love nelk
Lol this 😂
Yes
Yeah it keeps showing my P/L in red
ELI5 how you can tell IV is expecting an 11% move? Is this an 11% move upwards or down?
You just lost 10k
Psychs always. Fuck this betacuck shit of "it's too scary"... If it's scary, it's cause you have shit you NEED to deal with. Psychedelics are calls on mental health.
I keep saying this. We are already in a civil war, but one where everyone is fat, stupid, spoiled and effort averse, so it's the dullest war in history.
Bears fuckin retarded
You really are drunk, eh? 😂 what do you mean we all live in hell sometimes. You good dude?
Only gay if you swallow
This dude can’t type a proper sentence and is throwing around half a mil. Welcome, friend.
Calls on lube then.
🥭 is gonna cause havoc in the streets tomorrow. But tendies in my account too.
Regardless, nio keeps outperforming market so the risk seems very low rn. It doesn’t dump like everything else
Not sure but I can help you turn $16k into $0
Uvxy 26 tomorrow
[removed]
They were killing it a good while, but I haven’t been impressed with them lately. It might be too early for a gambling stock to explode though. Covid pushed some states to approve gambling which is good. However you have states like California who won’t even consider a vote to approve gambling till next year maybe. If we can get all states to approve gambling then it’s too the moon. Till then it’s very capped with only football being the money maker
Whoever is the head hancho, 🥭 or 💤, my account will be empty by December
# just bet $10k on Biden victory for a 50% return. see you all on wed
This is TOTALLY an average year, right, guys?
No one here learns. They some how continue to do the same stupid shit over and over. Like people who buy scratch offs every day
all in leaps on ur fav ev
Go to Mexico and buy steroids and then sell them online for a 10x markup
i don't think it matters who wins.  if the winner is clear we moon.  if it's contested we tank.  then moon when a winner is decided.  then we sell the fuck off all december no matter who wins
[deleted]
Might toss some cash at 115c for Friday and see what happens. IV is expecting an 11% move I believe
Oil change on that car costs 500-1000. More than he's got in his account.
Good on you, you’ll break even tomorrow or even make money cause that news came out today ah
I’m diamond handing till December. It’s still interesting to see the calls dip that much in a green day
Do not fuck a dog!

Omg, We are just degene gamblers here.
[removed]
I don't.
who wants to see my small asian PP other than ur wife. jesus
I’m so drunk and high man. Life is fucking nuts bro we all live in a hell some times.
wait what?
nah, the split took my money
Uhhhh I don’t know i think thats called uncertainty you tard.
Short term depends heavily on election outcome. Long term there’s still a helluva ways up to go
Someone who wants to buy Nevada
Holy shit NELK Boys got to meet Trump
I bought puts like 1 hour before that pump, still holding
ah, shit  yeah man did the same to me, I immediately reloaded on puts though when I saw that price spike ccl 11/27 $14
[deleted]
[removed]
A web archive of a weird "heal your relationship through not jerking off" site? Lol ok.

I read the linked study abstract, it doesn't compare the magnitude of effect of opioids to sex, just that reinforcing the sex drive uses some of the same pathways. Which ... Is fine.

What's your claim here? That if I get railed by my wife's boyfriend twice a day and get off on it, I'm less motivated to go about my day?

Also, absolutely heroin is more pleasurable than cranking one out.
AND I GET A PONY
I’m never caught peeling slimy clamshell
Every day I am more fazed
The uncertainty of it all and a possible contested election
[deleted]
This is gonna be the most contested one ever tho
anyone else in PayPal puts?
Oh no no no you got me wrong pal. I’m talking about the egotistical ones that come in here thinking they are Jesus Christ’s reincarnation
can you do a weekly post?
Of course go bang her. Puppies have cages man they’re fine it’s not abuse
[deleted]
[deleted]
Literally should be holding intc puts but I’m afraid even that will fuck me why is this so hard
Mine came yesterday...and then he came again...OH!
Reddit is left leaning. You really think they will ban leftists?
Yeah there's an old moron leading the country either way.  Who cares, the only difference is which party complains about him for four years
SPY 325p
You username is talking shit to trevor milton.
I want to thank you for being man enough to post this. Those tsla retards were insufferable.
R/woosh
They'll be fine for 3 minutes
[deleted]
commodities money shift + supply disruption due to low capex from corps is on its way baby
It took effect immediately but it takes time for the policies to make a difference to a corporation. 

Take the steel tariff for example. The first few months are reactionary, the next few years can be used to open new steel factories and bring workers back online. To get the full measured effect of a tax cut it takes a few years for the corporate entities to adjust their strategies.
I think you are wrong.

Biden wins with a landslide blue sweep, a margin so large that it makes all Trump's efforts completely useless, his twitter becomes impotent and no one pays attention to him any further. Market rallies hard with the expectation of a massive stimulus in Jan with democrats in control of congress and the presidency. Volatility implodes. Relief rally built up from the last 2 weeks gives temporary market reprieve. After that it is all about stimulus hopes vs virus/lockdown progression.

Long $825,000 of SPY at the close.
You ain’t lying. 2020 sucks
Did anyone else go balls deep in cannacalls incase Biden wins
Pups before hoes...or take him with you and leave him in another room
Easy just get elected to congress. Although, since it's legal for them, kinda takes the fun out of it.
it ain't over yet bud
I picked up a few but I already have some of those from May. Jan 2022. A true vaccine release will send it to space
you do you man
And a Filipino boy will come with it.
[deleted]
Pick nearly any stock lol
More like he bought puts, PUMP IT!!
Wish it was me. I've been riding it since it was $170 before the first fall from 300. Though a coworker of mine had his since it was $15 back in 2012. He didn't think it was going anywhere, and sold it all when it hit 100 and started dipping.
Found the guy with
It goes up and then it goes down. Very cool.
no different from talking shit to the guy playing the slot machine while you get drunk
Puts on people thinking the rest of this week is gonna be anything other than a complete shitshow in the US
I was lucky the last two earnings but don’t feel confident this round. Granted I was going to buy a bike today and there’s a 5-week wait.
I can only imagine.... I used to be addicted to benzodiazepines but I was able to kick that habit and I never have had to struggle with money... I’m just beyond grateful man
If she ain’t payin you, she playin you.
Still can’t pivot
Casino roulette. Bet it all on black twice.
No trump contesting will be bearish thats what everyone is praying on
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fed legalization doesn't matter as much as descheduling and banking reform.

Allowing US companies to trade on US exchanges and have access to traditional financing will be huge.
I'm just ready for 2021. This has been a year....
I see why
Propaganda
Is your head actually made of toast?
Genius.
Officially Microsoft Excel certified baby😎😎😎fucking sexy
Just gotta stay inside the lines.
Sell the news.
Or everything stays flats and fucks us all ❤️
Most of them learned after TSLA earnings last quarter.
Can you feel how the shit clings in the air?
Too late for NIO?
Call now!
You’re telling me things I know. The problem is I’d fucking assume the cdc not give them the green light considering the surge in cases, but no they did it. And on top of that it was scheduled to be over the weekend not midday Friday. Now Monday they come out saying we actually suspending it like no shit all their customers are dead. If they didn’t suspend it today they’d be green for the whole damn week now.
Sold puts for UVXY 23 expires Friday? What’s your take?
More like Byepal
Candy with Heath ledger is similar to requiem.
All hard earned money bby
Only candidate that has a Zombie Apocalypse plan.
Nwbo
Anyone else’s Tos been glitchy and fucking up?
Anyone playing PTON earnings this week? Seems like it could be another PINS and SNAP type move. IV insane, but doesn’t matter if it moves big.
Buy coke in bulk, cut it, sell to rich dumb college kids..
Imagine talking shit in a sub full of retarded gamblers
got a bitch that wants to fuck, but i’ll have to leave my house and leave my dogs in their cage while i fuck. what do the boys think? calls on her? or stay here with pups?
I do 😢

Sent from IPhone 6
Damn, those look like the calls I sold.
Airline calls
it was a bit melodramatic but after seeing a lot of people in real life die of drugs, its really not that far off
[deleted]
Nighttime poll: upvote for mango downvote for sleepy
Are you married by any chance?
Honestly either way I am
Ass to ass
Are you mocking me!?! This hits too close to home -_-
For suppose If he wins in California, Can he become VP?
McStonks
Futures volume only picks up after 2am. So the current futures are not indicative.
I just thought that was 2020 in general
they won't die, orange man loves them too much
do we?
How can I turn 16k to 50k by eom ?
We like to be fucked
[deleted]
Wars is what drives the world forward. It takes a war to unite people and make them work together for what really matters. When the life is safe and easy all the world is capable of producing is soft depressed wimps not sure what gender they are.
When will you autists learn that Amazon and Tesla have 10 years of amazing earnings priced in..... earnings mean nothing
I mean, I'm 100% with you on sentiment, but my wallet knows that I and many others keep giving them money because they have a stranglehold on one of the quintessential elements of being human (music).
Bought in GRAF at $17, sold half on its pump to $31. Currently bag holding other half of my shares. PIPE investor structure of the SPAC was absolutely retarded
I just grabbed a green buttplug so if we moon I can double fuck myself
Is there anything besides the polls that makes you think this?
This hurts my soul.
sideways
VERMIN SUPREME
I bought a bunch of TDOC shares today. Then in my email update, it says that Kathy lady's big move today was buying TDOC too (and some Unity). I'm a genius too
Ah, now you’re getting it
This is going to be even funnier when it crashes.
Yeah that shits intense as fuck. Especially when the mom starts hallucinating like it’s a bad trip. Would not wanna watch that lit
That’s something to freak out over though dude. Pandemonium for a week
[deleted]
Yes you are also too late for Puts
Guessing you bought jan 2021 thinking they were leaps
Yeah man first time.... WOW that was fucked up dude. The horrors of drug abuse, reality, and poverty
[removed]
That's cuz you will throw them all out in like 3 months
If you make 1-5% every day you'll be a billionaire in no time. Why would you bother with yolos?
Nio $39 EOW and everyone knows it
Cruise lines are burning through more cash and debt while bringing in zero revenue. 

If anything expect a buyout then liquidation of assets before a bankruptcy. What staved off bankruptcy for Kmart the first go round was selling off property and contracting its footprint. But we all know what happened to them anyways.
cant wait
Think Gary Johnson will take it this year
Do you think the Jun 2021 call has anything to do with your put that expires in 3 days?
It doesn’t do that no mo
🥭
Even money, both are self medicating.
Bimmer Z4
Are we all getting drunk tomorrow night?
Tech bubble deflating
they smashed revenue last time
just called Europoors

they said they're dumping 

they also said bulls r fuk
Had you seen it before?...remember watching that the first time and after it ended I was like "what the fuck?" That one stuck with me a while.
Ahahaha I sold my 34c 11/6 for 85% profit and decided to see what tomorrow morning looks like.
🥭 will surprise tm
That’s exactly what my UVXY is hoping for
DCA starting now, wait till election results are finalised and hop on the rally train to tendiesville
[deleted]
He got that from Plato probably, but had a better publicist...
[deleted]
Naw u gotta be full wasted
🐔
> he bought?
Dump it!
yolo
I watched that movie many times. I like the ass to ass scene. 😂 

Edit: ass to ass
McPuts.
I go through this experience every time I check my all time on robinhood
Park place bro
I had puts... then a green candle fucked me to oblivion at once.
Did you take out loans or how did you lose the 100K?
You retards* especially you 😘
futes slowly fading. the lifeforce of bulls will soon follow.
[deleted]
Does the 30min and 4hr chart say that? What’s your concluding evidence from your perspective
Guh why tf Nasdaq being such a little bitch, just go up already
lol everyone is freaking out about tomorrow but we likely won’t actually know the outcome until later this week
who do you see taking cruises in the middle of a pandemic anyway?
Me (14) and my fiance (16) are thinking about buying a house. We can only afford to make a 95% downpayment of $4 million. 

She has been responsible with her money (she has negative debt and several banks owe her lots of money) and I have been diversifying everything into VTSAX.

We have decided to stop eating entirely in order to speed up our wealth accumulation. What is the safest body weight to go down to before we should resume eating? 

Thanks guys you're all amazing

pre-edit: Wow I didn't think this would blow up. Just wanted to say thanks again this is an incredible community

pre-edit 2: Obligatory Hi Mom front page edit wow

edit 3: Thanks for the gold kind stranger <3
Well the CDC recommended the no sail order be delayed until Feb 2021 (I believe). Trump Administration said heck no they can sail after Halloween it's safe. Cruise lines decided on their own to not sail, cause shit is not safe. When an industry desperate for money gets the green light to resume operations and decides it's not a good idea, that should really say something.
I’m about to get a chime and run that bitch out on OTM FD’s
Lol says the Qanon junkie. You wouldn’t happen to be a Russian bot would ya?
I might be ridiculously retarded. But I think trading should be done using forethought and not hindsight like OP thinks.
I'm just like a little boy, playing with his dick when he's nervous
I’m about to reach the insurance limit for my bank account. Should I open a new account?
Sir, this is a casino
best thing that could happen here is spy takes the lead. dow lead futures as good as red in my books
Do it Europoors
Well that number coming down
Incumbents have also run during a poorly handled pandemic 0% of the time. Do with that what you will.
Covid cancelled in 24 hours and 24 minutes
[deleted]
Don't count yourself short
What can you expect from a fellow retard?
Good I hate the way he repeats shit
[deleted]
I’ll bust
[removed]
My puts have treated me very well, thank you. I'm up $16k on a $4.3k deposit over the past 8wks. I'm sure you'll ask, am I still holding? Just the super OTM ones that won't lose delta while we spike up tomorrow.
No
futures are making one last try to support their man but we all know what's about to happen lmao
$50
[deleted]
[removed]
Thats funny bc I thought about running straddles on both so either way one leg should pay out. (SPY 1dte calls/puts & FSLR calls/puts). That way every scenario should have one payout. Contested election end of the world? No problem, SPY puts printing. Dem sweep? FSLR prints hard. Trump win? SPY prints.
If you take the plastic off the fridge, keep it. You may need it in the future.
i just saw on fb some vid where this dad and son open an abandoned vending machine and find like 100 dollars in dollar bills.  the title was like "This father and son just hit the jackpot".  reminds me of us
Disagree but it’s moot point now...we’ll see in hours from now.
KANAGROOS
Goodluck. Market year end rally should be around November. Dont give up.
Can you vote half drunk? Lmao 🤣
I did but that's only a 150% return and max 10k bet
NKLA
Bro. Just watched requiem for a  dream while super high, that was the most fucked up and stressful shit I’ve seen. (Besides real life shit)
The P's and the C's are starting to blur.
I bought so many fucking cruise line leaps today. It was like shopping at the dollar store
Well what did you sell at..End of day was ahh a lot less than your 5.82...
I don't think so
[deleted]
...secure bunker.
Buying all 4 railroads and Boardwalk.
If you want to be on the election why not just literally bet on the election instead of trying to guess which stocks will react to it where you could be right about who wins the election but still lose money?
Good less retards
doesnt need a source. do heroin then go jack off and compare the feeling

but if you arent gonna do that, then read this

https://web.archive.org/web/20191003170655/https://www.reuniting.info/science/sex_in_the_brain

>UPDATE (2014): Researchers have shown that ejaculation, even twice a week, shrinks the dopamine-producing neurons in the VTA, which reduces a male's response to the pleasure of morphine. This also happens with repeated heroin use in both rats and humans. Scientists have also learned that amphetamine activates the exact same nerve cells as orgasm, urging the brain to "remember and repeat." In other words, drugs of abuse "work" because they're hijacking the mechanisms that evolved to make us want sex...and yet experience aftereffects from too frequent sex.
Nobody tell'em
am I too late for calls?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Trump 2020

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn3pou
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn3pou) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Dr_DeezWho, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
JamesFortier
thesysguru
quiveringmass
Who’s drunker tonight, bears or bulls?
It's pump and dump babe. You gotta aim for long term if u wanna play those.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
> 100 AAPL shares. Plan to sell way OTM calls every week

How much would you make a week doing this wheel?
Loool that candle was real 😂
[deleted]
Limit Down
Nobody is gonna win tomorrow. We might not even know for sure on Wednesday.
Wait I forgot they really did that 😂😂
I miss all the $500 RH account retards that would spam GME and retard plays and DD
Well I didn't get nearly as many down votes as normal so I have my confirmation. Time to drink and play some games. Good luck everyone!!! The best of US will win FIRST! good night!!
[removed]
Imagine waking up and being europoor
I feel like this needs a sideways douche Chad hat on it
Buy KWEB and fuk off
This was a bigger missed opportunity than not getting NIO calls last week, what a tragedy
Blowjobs, get her blowjobs here! Blowjobs for AMD calls! ITS NOT GAY STOP SAYING THAT!
im fuckin wasted, night boys
Oil moved bigly today. The Saudi’s are fixing it!
350 1/15/21
If it misses?
And we don't fuck with tradition.
MMs: Lel he fell for it
Thats the first rule of TA
[deleted]
Incumbents* 

Who win the popular vote.
[deleted]
This.
Fair point tf it's 2020 who needs to fuckin "free up memory" on their phone?
A should to cry on
Probably
Reducing your taxable income by $3k and losing $3k isn’t the same retard
Yeah but what strike and expiry?
Take downvotes
Then make a bunch of trades with hundreds and win by averages retard
Fuck her and Tony. Mask mandate def happen if we go blue :(
I don't know about you all, but I like to be able to pause a movie if I have to go take a shit.
He was the veep on californias ballot
If Trump wins tomorrow which do you think would have the greatest % return? Wed SPY 1dte calls bought EOD, TLRY puts or FSLR puts?
Fuck cruises last week they got bumped up on shit continuation news just to SUSPEND IT ON MONDAY and fuck me of my position Friday bitch. Fuck these fuckers broooo

I’m holding puts till they hit 0
[deleted]
Ya'll are rude and probably forgot to upvote this thread.
One of us
100 eow
Weed calls sq puts have given me aths of green finally.
can't wait to profit from this.... 1.50p 11/6 thanks for the donations.
BABA calls
Incumbents win 92% of the time in American presidential election history. Do with that information what you want.
.
Any of you retards routinely buy those clamshell salad mixes, but meticulously go through each and every fucking leaf for fear of eating one of the slimy black mother fuckers?  I’m totally not doing that right now.
everything about it is fiction, like a delusion, minus the name, comes to think of it, the deep state was probably that guy pretending to be homeless and yelling before kevin spacey told him that no one would hear him that way
you eat scum for breakfast?
BADGER GONNA MOON NKLA 🔥🚀🚀
It was my funsies acct. Big boy accts with Schwab and Vanguard are fine.
Macaroni in a pot.
I actually had my hs gym teacher chase me into the locker room cuz I pissed her off so bad. She was hot as fuck but I was actually really creeped out and called her on it. She was gonna fail me senior year so I couldn’t graduate. Once I told the principal about what she did, I got an A :) 

I shoulda just fucked her lowkey.
Well, getting back like $800-1000 of your yolo back is still less than the $3k you lost...
Trump is going to lose tomorrow.
WTF is phone memory? 
Don’t even notice any more
Sell naked puts on SPY
VOTE
[deleted]
dumbfuck....low risk, high reward. hahahah.

but seriously, the easiest way to make $1M in options is to start with $2M.
Anything is possible
Mine too :(
Wet and gushy
There are.....reasons....
wait what
Thoughts on my SPXS $6c 11/20?
Can you feel that? It's the calm before the storm
What if they remove some? Down right to a literal 2d plane.
I thought Teladoc only have nurses and can’t prescribe medicine.  Has it changed?
ACB $12 amiright
How can I turn 4.3k into 10k
I don’t like credit spreads. Too boring and hard to make a lot of money from
Bro .... You forgot to factor in the freak factor, where 6 months after getting the vaccine people will grow a 3rd eye or some fucked up shit like that....
One word: GameStop
virus
Calls, got it!
*NKLA to get drilled like an escort*  
*Oh yes, Zero revenue on the cardsv   
*One ticker everyone should short*  
*And give a lot of joy to us retards!*
What did he recommend?
JMIA Cramer called it out thats why
Can NIO open at 37 tomorrow? :)
Worst sub on Reddit and it’s leaked into almost every single sub. Needs to be purged.
You got yours when you said "eh, I could probably pump another one out"
Next Era, Xcel, Dominion, etc...
The Economist is the most boring publication in human history. Every other article is "What Merkel's Opponents Are Doing With Erdogan" and "Iran's Efforts At Developing Some Place You've Never Heard Of" and "China's Big Bet in Botswana" and a million other things no one cares about. 

And each one of those boring articles is about 3 pages of tiny text. 

Seriously, who is taking any sort of action off of what they read in that publication?
Half of us got wipe😂
Honestly if you’ve never declared bankruptcy, are young, have good credit and don’t have a house yet you should max out credit lines and take out as many loans as possible

When you lose it all just yell “I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY GUHHHH” and you are free from all that debt so you can start over again
Naw, they probably made a custom carbon fiber spoiler for Trevor's mclaren 720s. Nkla revenue $5k
Futures are spooky 🗿
I wish I could vote for Jerome Powell, the most competent man in the government.

Yeah, lots of other factors that will be playing out soon. Could be interesting to do analysis with some other betting markets data like popular vote margin of victory vs VIX to get a feel for unrest risk.
[deleted]
show us you masterbating and we will follow
Let them try to cancel Dave, I’ll punch em right in their pussies
I think ERs buys
Puts on your shitty phone
Ban
Fake pump
NKLA earnings could be a huge catalyst for the market tbh
Trans  bulls  👑  bErS r FuK with +0.05% close” lookin ass    🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm old enough to remember when elections took one day.
Like arbys. 

I hope and pray Im never at a place in my life where I end up at an arbys
Why is the zuck keep cuckn me I want tendies. 😣
Especially when 🥭 starts tweeting about fraud and suing everyone
down a hill with no engine
let’s go weed stocks need you to pump hard tomorrow
True. I hope so 🤞
not comparing the two, I agree
[deleted]
Will put IV skyrocket tomorrow to save our puts ?
Except you paid tax on that 3k, so not really. It’s more like a 1500 loss
Agreed. I think it’s the best upper end retail play and the rack is a powerhouse for liquidating inventory. That said- retail is sketch so I’m still staying away for now.
$26c 9/2021
Are you guys aware that it makes you look *unbelievably* cheap?

It's not like having some saggy piece of plastic film with dust stuck behind it is going to help you get more for that 5 year old flatscreen TV.
[removed]
SAME!!
You got a source for that? I'm no expert, but judging from my own experience I'd compare jerking off to getting back from a good run. Nowhere near crack or heroin levels.

Even if it did I'd probably not care, considering I'm not sitting in my room jerking off to the detriment of my physical or social health.
How can they double it when they themselves don’t have a production line?
And June and august. Retard RSI has been dropping for months.
Tbh the only way I’ve made consistent gains is doing DD and buying undervalued stonks.
How big? KGC just declared a dividend starting last quarter
Let me put it this way. If 🥭 wins, you're probably fucked on a bailout. If 😴 ☕ wins, you're guaranteed government stimulus and bailout 😈
Nice size for a hedge.
Same
Spy 320
Tomorrow night futures are gonna be insane
Like what?
[deleted]
Counterpoint, it’s not US politics that did this. China specifically has been boxing out foreign companies from success in China in a variety of different ways for a long time. US politics have been more and less aggressive at counteracting this at different points in time, but the situation is bearish for US tech regardless.
Fuuuuuuuuuccckkk
Is it really? Damn man I’m sorry to hear that shit.
no it knows but it’s just faking
Freeing up memory on my phone to screen record people losing it on social media tomorrow
No for real tho, buy LEAPS
Wtf I did the same?
https://m.imgur.com/a/JNVAQK1
Let’s see June 10th, September, the first two weeks of October, and the last two weeks of October. Now probably the election. This sub is boring now.
If their China numbers don't improve it's over for them.
Wtf is JMIA on yo
Yes I am. I don’t know what you’re talking about.
You should’ve called him an autist
I only believe in TA if it benefits me.
[deleted]
How do i get mine?
Goodnight retard
I’ve been doing index reads my whole life. Every single one of them was right. Just didn’t have the cameras on
Brady promised a make out session with the refs if they helped him win
They do that shit on LinkedIn when they get their first job too
Kinda hard on Election Day tbh
Banking reform and US companies uplisting is when the money will come in.

It's all political bullshit in the short term.
r/politics is leaking. Red or blue tomorrow doesn't matter. Only thing that matters is that mathafuckin green

^Jk ^my ^RH ^^acct ^^is ^^down ^^^99% ^^^all ^^^time
Moved to Vermont 4 months ago and the local [beer](http://imgur.com/gallery/OKXYMWJ) absolutely does not disappoint.
Is that a Supra?
The trade war reminded me of when husband's in sitcoms try to withhold sex from their wives.
Did anyone else start to notice that while a lot of money has been moved away from tech stocks, a lot of money has been going into utilities in recent weeks? 

More specifically, into the ones that would stay solid during an economic downturn.
Animal house
Calls. And if I hit it, I'm getting me one of those $7000 desk lamps.
First post on here that's made me laugh in weeks. lol.
couple states have marijuana listed on ballot props so good chance it’s legalized in NJ tomorrow and i forget the rest
This guy fucks
This stock is going to fuckking fly your on crack cocaine
Calls on your mohawk and taxi driving career
Zero revenue in the cards?
Ban
You might be aight bro. But I'd recommend not getting too over-leveraged moving forward. Markets are ripe to be volatile af for a while.
if they spent this much time and energy on obesity, we would cut our medical system budget in half
Just the beginning
Well that’s a puzzle
This is not the way
Nice i think rkt could with leaps too
still waiting my pigeons and ravens to return
[deleted]
So good lol
Buy $100k vigax, wait 20 years
#🚨🚨🚨 NKLA Earnings exactly a week from today 🚨🚨🚨  
  
Get your 🍿🍿🍿 ready!
GameStop is different, I’m deep into GME at a cost basis of just under $9 and think that the console cycle plus new leadership could push it into the $20. A short squeeze is just icing on the cake
is the market in denial about what is obvious at this point?
[deleted]
This company has tons of bagholders, as all SPACs do.
No part of the trade deal has ever been accomplished.  Actually China has mostly outsourced their crop purchases to Brazil. Farmers have been surviving on subsidies for over the past 2 years now.Never got anything signed passed phase 1. 2nd [the US has been the only one paying for the wall.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/10/14/politics/fact-check-trump-mexico-paying-for-the-wall/index.html) All of the funding has come from other US budget cuts and redirects. North Korea is now considered a nuclear power.
Gotta be ready to lose every dime of that around here.
Everyone should at least YOLO 3k in the market each year right? Like, if you make money, great, but if you dont, its a 3k capital loss on your taxable income, so it evens out
Maybe some jets call would be nice.
Nope, we are still holding the trend pattern since Oct 12th. Would need a breakout above around 3380 to necessitate a pattern change in the medium term.
With Fed Chair Juicy J-Pow
Only I didn't say "Fudge." I said THE word, the big one, the queen-mother of dirty words, the "F-dash-dash-dash" word!
Hence the issue. “Can’t count the boxes of mail in ballots that arrived on Nov 4th, might cost trump Pennsylvania”, SCOTUS will rule on those and the markets will surge on every headline of possible election results today or tomorrow for a month
The reference was about speed... not decay.
Lol, imagine caring about TA at a time like this
Do kids still post “I’m officially announcing my commitment at (insert D3 school). Thank you to Coach JPOW for this opportunity.” *insert low quality stock photos of the school*
NZT who?
[deleted]
I watched that too. Loled 100%
Lots of shares and some 2022 leaps
Ronald is my favorite and I was born in ‘96
[removed]
I disagree. Big tech has been supporting the dems with all the censorship this whole time. Dems aren’t about to try to take them out.
If you have to retartedly post on wallstreetbets for promotion, go do a favor and jump of a, I mean leave the sub.
[deleted]
God TVIX was such a true homie to me back in June.
Moon mission
Bro the shit’s overvalued and correcting. It’ll be a good buy back around $2500
Long $825k of SPY at close - expecting a landslide blue sweep and 3-5%+ market rally, more over the couple days.
Alcohol
Can't decide between SPY $280p 11/20, AAPL $125c 11/20, and TSLA $460c 11/20. Could really go any way
🤏
Buy on margin
They been pump and dump for a while. But legalization could help out ymmv
I think there are better options rn. Apple has to be one of the most overbought stocks. Could see them dropping to $95 then climbing back to $120 over the next year
House of cards is really good but I don't see the deep state.
Share
[deleted]
Hell yeah, so long as you are riding out the election in a nonextradition country
Don’t do it!! Stay away from options!! I know the tendies are tempting but HEED MY WARNING options will cost you everything.
Watch it crash like the rest of er plays wym

Overstock literally has pt of 98 and doubled their revenue and killed earnings, they dropped 30-40%

Wayfair was downgraded by jp to 200 today from 245 I think. So this thing going to 200 tomorrow
Go to bed - futures still won't matter in the AM
I’m gonna take a wild guess and say it’s IBIO
😓I did not
VIX creeping harder than my highschool PE teacher in the locker room
getting desperate for votes. he’s scared of jail time in his old age
**Market poll:**

WSB bearish for tomorrow

[https://forms.gle/WGC2mgDLMoY31A5a6](https://forms.gle/WGC2mgDLMoY31A5a6)
If only! Sorry everyone who got anything other than leaps or shares
Not use to hard work? Might be a good role model for you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not a lambo so he bought late or didn’t know about calls so he’s a cuck, but he’s still driving a better car than me so meh what do I know
End of a wild ride tomorrow.  See ya boys
Small brain
Ive been using ebay as of recent
The same generic charger on amazon will cost you 4 dollars more and charge you shipping if you dont have prime
Most ebay sellers are highly competitive and give you a cheaper price and free shopping on most things
Definitely going in on this
so jwn can’t go bankrupt right?
It’s going up and down based on whether the country seems like it’s going to open up or lockdown more. The mood for that has been changing daily so the stock fluctuates like crazy daily
Bought CRSR at the low point today right around close, and it’s up 7% ah. 

Truly a meme stock
What the hell are you looking at
Fair point
His high on mericaaaaa brother
🔫 Always has been
Atleast you have some type of experience now, and didn't have to learn an expensive lesson! Look forward to the future now, stay in the market and you will be blessed with opportunities.
He’s on REGENERON
[removed]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Expensive Edinburgh doctor claims 'vaccine causes autism' and 'chicken nuggets can help cure it'

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn2vkr
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn2vkr) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/precisiondad, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
precisiondad
Jack-Skinne
Sons. My brother also has severe autism.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
After March nothing can faze us
Wings
[deleted]
Regeneron!!!
Easily
I haven't bought a put in months besides on T
The signal that states will vote to legalize. Those can pass regardless of who is president.
Where am I supposed to click?? Kept getting a picture
[deleted]
imagine having 100k and not just day trading for a easy 3k every day
Idk. They would likely have to pay a premium of some sort. They were rejected at like $50 a share back in 2018. Have made attempts in 2017, 18’ and 19’ I believe. Family wants more control over it and they take active positions/interest in the company like attending every store opening. They are in it for the long game- as are most family companies.
Tomorrow what if Biden by mistake says “ I concede election to trump”.🤣🤣
True just sitting on the sidelines waiting for the big one 😩
CD 3 month -fail safe.
Lol worth it I'd say
Depends what you wrote on it.
MMs always fuck anyone or anything
Fuck you retard! Well done
Big Donny Daddy
[deleted]
Yeah the guy who implied to go for more premium will probably get boned within the month.
Sold that piece of shit when it got $6
Wouldn't a jet decay slow since it's made of mostly metal?
Trump headed to another rally right now..dude has got to be on addy or something.
Pics or ban
How you do this?
Positions?
I don’t think that has anything to do with politics per se. The biggest difference between a successful trader and non-successful one is emotional bias. Leave that shit at the door when you trade. The only difference is WSB is still pretty inexperienced and this election is polarizing and emotions are running high. 
Source: hardcore into politics and a very successful trader.
Technically speaking, this is a double-top
TECK just broke out of its upward channel. $15c 11/20
How dare you hate on Reagan
ran AMC options till expiration.. absolute legend
[removed]
chicken
Maybe that's the best thing for this sub.
I bought a couple rugs from other the other day, and was a bit worried about the return of them. I'm getting a new house in a few weeks and worried which one would go with the furniture that was coming... They said that as long as it was damaged on in a sellable state and not out of season, they would really take it back. They said that doesn't work so well for TVs and what not which can get replaced quickly with newer technology and not easily resellable. No real point to this comment except returns do seem to be based off of how easy they can repackage it and sell it.
Bullish

 **Birx urges stepped-up coronavirus response, warning of ‘most deadly phase of this pandemic’: report**
I already do
last two months were pretty brutal for the $500 account retards. vast majority of them got blown up
“He’s got a five-year plan.”

“What is it? Don’t die?”

Name that movie
I will, thank you. I’m sorry too, upgraded my PC and everything lol
Sorry you mean by next Friday?
NIO. the code expires in about a month
[deleted]
My name used to be Donald Pump but I now hate stimulus
Order some kids
Just buy 40 shares of NIO and come back in a few years. You’ll have like 5-10K
Euro poors are gonna dump on us😆😆😂😂😂
It better
fffffffffudge
[removed]
My nips gonna rise with VIX 😩
Where in the world is Carmen chimpuDiego
[removed]
Work for Gordon
I though satellite was more like 1000ms. Still unplayable, but bandwidth doesn't suffer.
Wait until it starts raining
My phone
Nice
Take the protector off you fucking savage
Trevor Milton
Ostrich
Haha Die, Yes Trash
NIO $42c jan 23 are a no brainer
You do TA on volatility?
Do we see apple getting to 135 again by next summer
[removed]
Squirrel
[deleted]
Yeah I saw this coming. That’s why I told myself to hold stocks and maybe buy some more of it does drop.
I’m just glad APHA is mooning. Only 400% to go for me to be back to 2018 levels of cash 😎
I think we see contested election / riots / Covid ect ect. The whole thing is absurdly over valued.
A pj trader is draining the fucking swamp
Is weedstocks going up the signal?

It rarely happens.
not Pass Interference
[deleted]
I am so confused
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** The real reason twitter secretly loves trump. They probably owe him enough to pay his debt lol.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn3605
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn3605) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Ackadacka, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
quiveringmass
BeernerdoMazzeroli
DutchRudder87
holypancakes8
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
No this is your asshole getting fucked beyond recognition. Now shut your mouth
MMs will find other excuses to a$$ f*#% bulls and bears (not necessarily on the same day) after tomorrow
🥭, those big tech hearings could be a more serious with dem leadership
Sloth? Idk
Enjoy your retirement man. I’m sorry that Cyberpunk got delayed.
twink
Now now futures let these idiots load up on calls.
gorillas
I have no idea must be dry
christmas rally pump to sp500 to 4000 then a crash to 3000 right?
[deleted]
not really, heroin and orgasm show a similar amount of dopamine release. now, if you don't like that fact, that's another matter. but as far as the epigenetics of addiction are concerned, your body is not really going to make a big distinction about where its getting its pleasure

i am merely presenting the facts here
Puts on twatter
He cute
Wayfair reporting in the morning, what’s your plays?
Small position. Locked in most my gains throughout October.
Mexican taco bowls from Trump tower....."the best!"
Bag holding since $21 ...
What animal is cash gang?
I love it, even if it's self- fulfilling.  

"We'll pull all our money then put it back after election."  --> markets "rally"
im all in on $USD
I thought he contested for the president.
So is BA going to have a fat boner this week?
[deleted]
no thank you Chris Hansen
[deleted]
Yeah booi
So, business as usual
That guy is f’ed
Ok boomer Trump has been to like 25 campaigns stops in the last week which is basically the equivalent of snorting adderall all weekend to pass finals. How do you not relate to that?
I love this
[deleted]
Why the fuck are these threads so dead now? Did WSB get purged in October?
Is this a repeat of last night wtf lol
HTZ all day.
I already jumped in after hours. We fall in battle together
You still have puts bro? I recognize your name. I’m sweating currently lol
Yep. The ultimate fuck u. High IV but flat
Isnt it really easy to get away with insider trading
Lock them in the basement
[deleted]
Soon VIX, soon
Is there anyone on this sub who actually got their account hacked and withdrawn? Is this a thing?
Pence closed with "*Now lets go get it done!*"  
  
I swear I heard it as: **Now lets go get it dumped!**  
  
Foreshadowing...
[deleted]
East of Eden
Who is better for my Apple leaps? Biden or trump? Wanna know if I made the right choice
Good job
god dammit
does taking the, private pump the stock price? and if so by how much?
First you need insider info
too late to copy my shit. i’m nearly all in NIO and about to sell
It’s going to be business as usual on wall st tomorrow which is fucking both bears and bulls
Another Hertz car rental stock?
Who can really predict how retarded the senile population might be? Heard some grumblings that they're pissed about covid but it takes them 20+ years to change opinion so it's anyone's game.
Did your wife’s boyfriend tell you to post that here for him?
Allegheny is blue. Too many immigrants.
GME GME GME GME GME Squeezzzeeee soon
Let’s goooooo

Edit: never mind 🤷🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
NVM
>nothing exciting about my positions. the jump back in June was travel (cruises mostly) and oil that i got in near the bottom. then made shit decisions and lost most of it.second wave is mostly from NIO. bought calls at $5 and more around $19 for an average of $12.55. selling everything when it hits $40  
>  
>ReplyGive AwardshareReportSave

What's happened the past couple of weeks? People actually lose their money in their accounts from hacks? Anyone in this sub?
Lmao
If you NEED money just fucking keep the $1300. Listen to retards here and that money is as good as gone.
Heard AMC has a great balance sheet
You exercised?
McCalls
😎😎😎
Cancel all orders!!!! Lol what a funny video
If trump wins you'll be a rich man
Not coming to the market 😂💎🙌
I feel like over the next two days, many of us will lose a surprising amount of money
i wrecked an entire account doing that. if you get lucky with it then leave it alone. i put an entire account in TVIX then june 10th or whatever happened and it just went down all day while i slept. bought at the beginning of the day sold at the end. timed it perfectly.

i lost whatever gains i made from that chasing that
If you need money you're in the wrong place bucko this is a casino.
Do I feel like losing more money... Should I play some blackjack and help you DKNG call holders out a little... Im thinking I'm feeling lucky 😎
[removed]
If I actually made money I might butterfly effect the apocalypse or something
So I sold my puts too prematurely? 

EVERY TIME, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Just reach your arm in there and see if they picked it up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zBCeS7wf7w
Should be barely enough to cover your COVID hospital bill
As was pointed out in this sub many times. A lot of affluent young Richie bitchies will post in those subs just to humble brag. Shit like “Should I buy a car I make 150k a year, have 60k in emergency funds and 100k in my 401k. Also I’m 12.”
LOL and now a PI call. Its going OT!
That show was amazing in it's time. I just happened to watch clips on YouTube tonight of the skit "I Know Black People". Freakin classic.
[deleted]
New to options and have 1300 to play with. Someone have any yolo NIO plays or other Chinese EV plays? I need money
Futes took a healthy dose of Metamucil around 10pm
Welp, I got banned from Twitter for calling Jim Cramer a retard
I dropped my vote in the box here in CA. How do I know if those motherfuckers picked that bitch up yet? Also it’s open till 8 tomorrow... but what if you drop it at 8:10 🤔there’s nobody standing next to it
Poor peoples
No. Only thing making it hit 20 is a market meltdown or news that their cars causing cancer.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I just came back from the future. Yes.
Ashy Larry was my favorite lol
Interesting... did anyone tell them that doesn’t work??
Sir, tip your Wendy's cashier please
[deleted]
South Side Eme Boyz got it
[deleted]
[removed]
Remote controls ect
Bad for your future honestly. It’s nice I won’t lie but shit like Beer Adderall (maybe) and Weed is probably a better use of your time.

Edit: And psychedelics if you’ve got a pretty solid mental
Yes amc can rot
Civil war bro idfk
Didn't they crash because they don't have forward guidance or some other gay fundamental
Yes, and relatable. Fuck these two old saggy balls, drooling motherfuckers.
What broker is this?
NIO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmruRQVF2QM
Cool can't wait to play CS with 5,000 ping
in all likelihood i’ll lose it all anyways

edit: i can’t spell
He's really only up a buck probably. Fute commish ain't cheap
Pence gets as scared to go close to a woman as ES gets scared going close to 3325
haha wite boi u crazy
Most people die climbing it, legit DD
God I hope so. I’ve got an 11/06 $217.50/222.50 credit call spread on them
Giant shrek dildos tomorrow
DANNY FUCKEN DIMES
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** How much capital is required to start with for the path to make $1M with safe yolo bets. I mean to say safe not 0DTE yolo.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn3ha4
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn3ha4) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/New-Set-3059, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
cafenegroporfa
Dan_inKuwait
Meh didn't take much effort. Your mom went through more raising her autistic son
I would like to get away with insider trading
This man just gave you more wisdom than you will find anywhere else on this sub and it went right over your head.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
The index is going to go parabolic to December
my predictit portfolio that fades 538 nate silver is doing better than my regular investment portfolio. 😂
MMM
Spent more than 400+ hours to earn 4 bucks 🤦‍♂️
I think calls on your rage! Lol. Edit: also puts on your student loans.
Until those creditors come knocking for that $421M
i mean april through july when we had those stupid pressers
Lol
AMC gonna prob be the next HTZ, might pick up some sharez as a meme
That was the most ignorant thing I've ever read. 

Do you not believe that elderly people, immune compromised people could lock themselves in their homes and get healthy person like yourselves to deliver groceries and supplies? We can't shut down the country because we would have no supplies to give then if no one produced them. 

This idea that we can lock down a global economy is ignorant and would destroy healthy families. For every 1% increase in unemployment 40,000 people die what about them? Are you saying their lives don't matter?
lmao get out of wsb dude you're a soyboy
They have to be if you're staying up any later
Sir this is a wendys
[deleted]
It’s impossible to say. I’m 26 and picked this entry point to grab 100 AAPL shares. Plan to sell way OTM calls every week for the next 30 years lol. If they get called away then I made some cash and I’ll pick a new stock (CRSP probably if it’s soon)
Did this last ER worked out well. May the trendies rain down again.
A MoThErFuCkiNG CASINOOOOOOOO!
I’m confused do you actually think all votes will be counted tomorrow?
My erection is bleeding
> derivative shares

GG, Economist.
This will end up like HTZ and get delisted, the bankruptcy bounce was back in May.

Without any more stimulus its just bankruptcy... no bounce
You want your president to be poor?
[deleted]
Bitch, what did I tell you about calling her your girlfriend? Do you want to get Cucked and fucked by my clientele cause that's what it seems like to me. You know what, just give me that phone and bend over, I'll take care of the rest.
They will only count two and Lose the other four.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** never browsing r/teslainvestorsclub again.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn30ah
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn30ah) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/knnack, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Ray2749
alanajin
quiveringmass
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Trade wars didn't do shit, materially, except maybe slightly even the playing field.
ok and
I think most of the R party is disgusted with what he has turned this into. Traditional conservatives who know how to keep their racism subtle will break off into their own party if Trump makes a comeback.
This is gonna crash and burn here boys. Sold my puts before end of day but save some selling for intraday tomorrow so I can get back in would yas.
Chappelle’s Show hitting Netflix right now is the cure this country needs. Current generation is going to be so mad on the internet’s and complete miss it’s greatness. Damn I feel old 😒
The windows will be rock proof this time
Neither are coherent enough to drive a car. Puts on technology and progress.
There is no 12/4  55c lol.
Nah, they have the best coffee out of all fast food chains
That's in the follow up course.
Bullish
Be specific.
The drop last week was the market pricing in election results being contested for 6 months. Everyone will be talking doom and gloom all winter long but the market will move up. Especially when stimulus checks hit the bank, and vaccine actually gets approved. The market has been fed up with being cucked for so long and took out its frustration last week. To the moon!
but where are the witches?
Hell yeah
but strengthens the dollar which weakens the market
$ROPE Calls
Triple boob, total recall
Sir this is Long John Silvers
This is...
OMAHAAAAA
[deleted]
Take comfort in knowing no matter what happens the next few days the Commander in Chief will be a rich white dude eligible for a reverse mortgage.
Thank you Tampa Bay for kicking a field goal and not letting Tom Brady fuck that point spread 🤙
[deleted]
Shitcoin not a good sign for tomorrow
Cool story?
That’s true, you do make sense.
Priced in.
[deleted]
If it was safe it wouldnt be a bet itd be an investment if thata what you want high interest bank account
AKA R/INVESTING
hut hut hut
I couldn't ding you on it for needing them short term. Panic attacks are horrifying, Ive been there. Still get them(probably worse now because the drugs) but Ill always advocate for talking it out first. But if I could go back in time and never have gotten them in the first place, in a heart beat I would. Just my experience with em.
[deleted]
[deleted]
My only consistent winner has been NIO. So I have no idea what you're talking about.
Trendies? Sonofa bitch I’m in
At least I’m not the only that sucks at pulling out
Subscribed
[deleted]
Why do you have a phone just for trading???  
Even if you were making money makes no sense.
Why would it drop
They sample 1000 because that is generally considered adequate to sample a population the size of the US. They aren't guessing these numbers man they are backed by previous statistical data
BAN RIGHT BACK TO YOU MY FRIEND!
My emergency fund is sitting at 24K ready to go in. Plus I got like 25 years before I retire. Recessions/depressions create the richest people in the long run. I essentially doubled my net in March.
He will certainly be dead by then lol
Still short PTON, although i want a relief rally to happen this week so the "covered puts" i sold can expire worthless and i can rinse and repeat to sell lower strike ones for next week..
there's still 10hrs and 15mins until market open
Ban
[deleted]
Long term trade/viewpoint: The trade wars with Asia have jeopardized the long term stability of US producers marketshare in Asia, specifically microprocessors, agriculture and transportation. US politics have become a supply chain risk that will kill off US producers as Asia becomes self reliant.

Would love to hear people’s thoughts on this.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Aphex Twin - Window Licker  ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FATTzbm78cc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FATTzbm78cc)⠀►►⠀ 4:06 / 6:09 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Pence is going to have to apologize to mother and god for being that close to a woman
💪💪💪💪
We’re here for a good time not a long time
So many strive for break even
Or a million dicks for $1. Better price.
if there was such a thing we’d all be fucking rich go home my guy
Why is everyone so mad. All WSB is now a days is shit posts
Cash out while you're up king.
[deleted]
You're*

Update the macros, sergey
This is the way.
AMC puts for January tomorrow?
So you’re comparing 🥭 to Germany...
This is golden
best trading months of my life. going to miss it so much
was promised red day tomorrow
Bath salts plz
[https://twitter.com/Tesmanian\_com/status/1322620902438133760](https://twitter.com/Tesmanian_com/status/1322620902438133760)

puts on all legacy internet  ?
Wtf is with all these tik tok bullshit memes?
Your left hand? Yeah, it's pretty cute (no rainbow)
Take me back to the glorious short-lived WSB jelqing days
Bc I’m gay
[removed]
Im buying calls on poo poo pee pee
I am watching the Trump rally and Pence is speaking. A woman right behind him has the poster:  
  
#Women For Trump  
  
ROFL
Better than %95 of people here
Smol brain: trade on a multi screen setup

Big brain: trade on your phone

Galaxy brain: trade meme stocks on your fridge
Alexa play Window Licker
The next pump and dump scheme is going to be election court cases when 🥭 says he won before all the ballots are counted. Everyday it will be leaked stories about how courts are near a decision on the broward (Fl) and Allegheny (PA) mail ins acceptability.
Pretty retarded right there.
Red Bearan
Procter & Gamble
>level 3TNerdy0 points · 3 hours agoYou should of day trade with 10k, cause you’re allowed 3 a week. Just slowly work your way back up, don’t yolo. Best time to day trade is at open market cause it’s either overprice or underpricedReplyGive AwardshareReportSave  
>  
>level 1dantheman77891 point · 3 hours agoFunny thing was you could have broke even 2 days before battery day. Calls were expensive leading up to sep 22.

Sell before it becomes worthless. How much do you expect to make back if possible? Sell now for the peanuts you can get. It's going to be worthless in the future, literally 0. The strike price is too high. TSLA won't get there. This is my opinon, other people can chime in.
Ok, done. How do I get the other $999,980?
Ask your wife’s boyfriend if you can get your month’s allowance in advance, it’s time to buy the dip bulls!
Pics or BAN!!
I have a pretty open mind when comes to drugs, but fuck xanax. Pharmaceutical poison that forever alters your brain chemistry. 

Always do drugs, don't let drugs do you.
COST
I've been underage... only 20 right now.
That's pretty cool. Glad this worked out for you. 

Btw, post your positions or risk a ban
I'm up four dollars on my futures position so far tonight. I should teach master class.
egg man and not quitting while he’s ahead 🥴
How would that do well with a clear victory tomorrow?
Vixen - and I’ll sacrifice him to the vxx gods
What does the god damn line say Tony
[deleted]
Best DD I have seen in a while ...
I went to buy nio calls before close, and accidentally cancelled out the covered calls i was selling, rly confused me for a minute
Yes
I mean to say safe. Low risk high reward.
Did i ever mention how cute my girlfriend is😁😁😁😆
AMD paid 35 b to Xilinx, NVDA paid 40b for ARM is a better deal no?
These past few months have been a crazy couple years.
The market is going to do what it did that one night.
If TVIX wasn’t booted, I’d be loading shares and jacking it.
[removed]
gamestop guy was inspiring and the story isn't over yet.
Damn it I was waiting for the right moment to say this
Instead of typing it out, you could have moved your fucking finger.
VXX
Yes ill buy the poo poo and pee pee
Let’s be real, these are all refundable so at this point it’s another bunch of reeeee’s hoping their 800c’s or 200p’s print to afford one.
I miss that shit lol back when a slightly ok ER would send stocks flying into the sky
“Drop harder than mankind at hell”......”Creating wealth for my family” Wow you are an idiot.
Wow man. Impressive
[removed]
This is just some idiots rendering from before the unveil
Love it, should help out US global businesses
[deleted]
>  off. SQ has come back down from the mountain the past week. Hard to say.

I see it going the way of tech. Money is leaving tech even though ER is solid, and making its way back towards value stocks. PYPL beat too, and sold off.
[removed]
fuck yeah
It's a bit of a leap to compare jerking off to crack.
I’m so hard
[removed]
I’ve had a handful of panic attacks in my life so I’ve thought about getting a prescription for emergencies. But hearing stories like this have always kept me away.
Modok is not as evil
[deleted]
1M / e^(rt)

also safe yolo ϵ ø
Damn, what’s the odds on that one?
Lol, I bought a bunch of cheap far off calls on AMC for the hell of it awhile back. Seeing how weaponized autism can make a falling stock jump made me bullish
[deleted]
lol
Safe yolo what an oxymoron
Start with $25M and buy VOO
Falling wedge boys its coming back down to Earth
because the ECB opened their wallet
According to WHAT data?
I also remember buying weekly SPY 240 FD calls
Remember his fucking video hahaha
Volatility
It's so retarded it just might work. I'll buy a few contracts tomorrow. I've lost money on worse plays.
Not sure if this is bullish or bearish. Jensen way overpaid for ARM, this may be a blessing in disguise.
WTF am I supposed to do with this information. The max expiry on leaps is 2023 🤬
I forget that you don’t have to do the terms in a row lol
Why would a Biden win be a tanking?
Pypl pulled them down. All tech earnings have beaten and all stocks have gotten a beating. I'm closing my January SQ call before er.
There has to be a ticker which does well in volatile times, and would do well with a victory from either side. I just have no idea what it is. WMT?
Just remember you smug fuck...

Bulls take the stairs. Bears jump out the window.
faxxx
Futes lowkey bleedin 👀
Often polls sample less than 1000 people, they can mean almost nothing depending on demographics
They won't be sold in Europe.
lmfaooo i can't believe this is actually real
I hope she shows milkies 😋😩🥴💦
[deleted]
Bulls and talking endless shit while actively getting trapped

Name a more iconic duo
Going to be very weird.
Can I have a million?
Can I have 1 million dollars?
[deleted]
All in on NIO calls. Easy 400k to 4mil
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Firearms play tomorrow?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn2s3f
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn2s3f) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/suckcocksforstocks, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
analharvester
kde873kd84
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Violated Boyfriend roommate agreement
Ha!  As far as food goes, I cook most things from scratch, so using food-donations was kind of a fun challenge last week and the kids just thought it was dad trying to make weird shit again.  

&#x200B;

But holy fuck do I feel like I'm failing them.
Remember those daily Corona virus task force briefings where Mango would argue with reporters? 

Feels like yesterday
Please may I have 1 million dollars?
I need to buy some amazon stocks. probably like 2 shares
Hey how exactly do you roll a put spread? Do you buy + sell to close positions or how exactly does that work
Why?
This is the way
Aggregate polling 89% biden to win

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-election-forecast/
you make 1 dollar a million times
I'm going to gas station to place my trades for tomorrow. Do you guys need anything?
Lmao who the fuck cares about slack jawed yokels in north cakalacki worth like 5 electors
Was surprised PayPal sold off.  SQ has come back down from the mountain the past week. Hard to say.
I’m 35% cash. It would be more but didn’t want to sell stocks im down on plus lost some on Apple calls. I’m gonna wait for a drop and swoop in to pick up some cheap stocks and calls. If no drop then oh well.
[deleted]
Hopefully with QQQ 300
Will be able to afford 4 of them next time!!
He gon' get Luckin' Coffee-ed
Doesn’t make sense.
Thank the fucking gods
Suck 50,000 dicks for $20.
I like jwn but i never catch it.  She always eludes me.

Totally down for airlines!! JBLU baby!
West side
[deleted]
Me sitting here with apple leaps : He was wrong
Weed stonks!
nothing exciting about my positions. the jump back in June was travel (cruises mostly) and oil that i got in near the bottom. then made shit decisions and lost most of it.

second wave is mostly from NIO. bought calls at $5 and more around $19 for an average of $12.55. selling everything when it hits $40
Once in a blue moon event. Definitely sucks if you had calls, but for everyone else it was an awesome buying opportunity
Stop fucking jokes.
Is it just me or does Jack Ma look like [Modok](https://mcuexchange.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/modok.jpg)?
Sofia Coppola used a version of it in her movies
Ah yes. Welcome home dumbass. Enjoy eating out of the trash after the election hahahaha
[deleted]
Thanks buddy
#Battle at Arm China threatens $40bn Nvidia deal  
  
Unit’s chief sues chip designer and takes control of companies with joint venture stakes - Financial Times
Lol they're paying like 20 cents a share that's shit
no fap november
Bought some SPXS
[deleted]
It’s your blood pressure, that shit drops after a beat. Drink some coffee.
everyone standing by
[deleted]
Come on man. There are people who made. Let them tell the truth.
Sir....
LMFAO please please enlighten me
I'm liking this civil war idea more and more...
[deleted]
>down payment  
>Boyfriend said all in tesla.  

get this man in this sub
[removed]
There's already a thread for What's your move tomorrow..
Sure is.   Also was the sample for Kayne's Blame Game.   Sick as fuck
a bad idea overall. probably takes about 15 years for your nerves to get back to normal if you abuse it heavily. in extreme cases, it might allow certain people to get outside of their comfort zone and work when its imperative that they do so
Oh damn I gotta add that to my playlist
If you aren’t buying SPY calls at open then you ain’t black!
MINOR CHANGES

It’s going to be mostly the same.

Stop squealing you fucking retards.
Great. Short r/wallstreetbets
Puts MeGee
[deleted]
It may have been once, not anymore. WAY too many new ppl here now
I play alot of poker. You are right 90% does not equal 100%. You get beat when you are a 90% favorite all the time, but never when you are 100%.
Can't wait for all this election bullshit to end. Hopefully without too much fuss.
Good night
Neither do I but that's because I've been doing hallucinogens most of the day.
i love it but dangerous. Ive had 4 friends die from OD.
[deleted]
Anyone see SQ doing good with ER? I haven't seen much noise about them here
If you don't need it don't. I was over prescribed that shit for 10 years, literally robbed me of 10 years of my life. Made some of the most retard decisions ever on it, decisions that go way beyond picking the dumbest of dumb option plays. I've been off benzos for a few years now, but i definitely have permanent withdrawal symptoms from it. Just smoke weed
I will.  In the grand scheme of things, we'll be fine.  Shit, we won't even have to move.  They'll just have a less-then-usual Christmas and forget about it by the time they're in college.  I've used this place to vent way too much tonight.  But hey, I appreciate anyone that "listened."
Doesn't have far to fall and a lot of space to go up
You ask me for it
Aphex Twin? niceee
Infinite money
I’ve tried Adderal once but thought that’s the opposite effect lol. Wasn’t necessarily looking to try Xanax recreationally just looking to hear people’s opinions
Great after a long night of MDMA or mushrooms
Is that Apex Twin? I remember that.song for some reason.
US futures are fine and all, but every country is pumping.

*Heal the world, make it a better place, for you and for me and the entire bullish race. There are bears dying, if you care enough for the living, make a better place for you and for me.* - Michael Jackson
Your girlfriend and I had enough interaction. Not sure what you are talking about.
Stocks Yield: 3%

R/investing: *MuH dIvIdEnD kAnG*
[deleted]
Ban for self-promotion
Y not both?
Put it a savings account and leave it until you need it for the downpayment.
Election talks going well. Wonderful letters.
Assuming the average annualised WSB return of -50%, you'd need a few billion today in order to be left with $1m by the time you're 70.
I think on this one, we poors are welcome.
Hey I'm grown up. But this is my gut, a trump win will cause chaos. Hope I'm wrong. I may be retarded. Please check back later this week and I'll give you a fucking cookie for being right
No these dates are right. Options expire the day after what they are dated for.
You think these retards can read?
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Avril 14th                  ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6dGAZTj8xA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6dGAZTj8xA)⠀►►⠀ 1:24 / 2:06 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
how do i make 1 million dollars?
somehow spy goes to 340 on that news
It’s the same people who don’t understand the concept of tail risk.
Except the fact that I made 90K gains in 4months and lost 60K in one month.
Personally it has paradoxical effects so I don't get prescribed it anymore. Instead of making me chill and less anxious it makes me paranoid and hyper aggressive. Same with any benzos. Lots of people seem to handle them well though.
College gameday at the masters is certainly something I never thought I’d see
He said *good* dividends bro, not the 2% AAPL paid *before* their recent run up
I like way down we go by kaleo. It’s what I listen to while I watch my port value drop everyday
its really dangerous to get fixated on vix or vix related products
These dates are correct. Technically your options expire the day after the listed expiry day. Otherwise you wouldn't be able to trade them on the day listed since they would be.... expired.

[Schwab](https://ibb.co/4PfF8Gt) has the same listing dates for SPY and you can also confirm this by looking at [https://www.optionsprofitcalculator.com/](https://www.optionsprofitcalculator.com/)
Ya trading on margin?
This is the way
Or a rubber mattress
Everytime I think of yoloing I come here to see and see why I need to not be a retard
I’m sure the antichrist will find a way
Thanks Captain obvious.
Ketchup chips!!
Spy calls tomorrow?
Alexa play Avril 14th
I don’t have to imagine
Thoughts on PSTH?
It needs regular charging for sure
🙏
None when you're on it
Ok professor stiglitz
Worse places to end up then a Wendy's tho.
People trying to get smuggled OUT of the US now? Lol
[deleted]
I’m sure the antichrist will overcome that.
you aren't funny. stop making videos
My meat is all beat and now I’m feeling sleepy and depressed
Lol we hear completely different things when he speaks at his rallies. He sounds retarded. Like legit talks like someone doing a monologue for WWF wrestling.  It only sounds good to you because you’re also a moron- not because you have “common sense”.
i just found this out today
Just dont get red on you
Just take comfort in the fact that no matter what happens tomorrow, the wealthy will still be fine.
Prediction for the election: It’s a tie!

269 - 269, the election is thrown to the house
what do you think Friday was?
Farts are the cure
[deleted]
😂
[deleted]
It's not joke.
[deleted]
you se...the thing is....im autistic.
Really depends. Florida is essentially the diseased wang of the USA. 

Its red at the base

BLUE  in the middle 

AND purple on the tip.
With all the third world country shit going on don’t be surprised.
That vertical line straight up on VIX back in March are what dreams are made of
Twat Mittens
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SevereEmergency the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Go with your most profitable ticker.
If you buy on the day before the dividend is paid, you won’t get the dividend
Personally I really want to get back in to CHWY. It's not contingent on election day afaik, but it has dipped quite a bit the last week or so, far below where I would expect it to stabilize in the long run. Right now it's about $62 and I think the stable price will be around $70.
Crapto dumping, rotating back into stonks
HOLD
My name is Joe Biden and I forgot this message
ah my old nemesis. i wish you nothing but misfortune.
i realize you're facing difficulties, but you're a lucky dude

hope you fare well through the rough weather
Mmmm 0.13c buying power
Go out on a boat with the boys and get hammered.
Bang your girlfriend. Watch your options expire. Bang her again.
Overrated. Go for Adderal or Ritalin
Project Pat fo Prezzy
Pulled everything out of the market. Chillin on the sidelines
apple, but their share price goes up faster than their dividend.
Priced in.
some pay 7-10%. easy way to make 7-10k if you had 100k no?
Now if we could recall newsom, get rid of the $0.40 gas tax, and lower the state income tax I would be a happy camper.
Yeah there is. Maybe.
[removed]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/alanajin the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Guys I found Richie rich.
Yaaa reminds me of all my calls that aren’t printing but I just keep buying them anyways
Well shit I already based my Kanye vote on that video
“I’m safe yolo guy. Not a psycho like you all”
Theoretically stocks drop by the dividend per share amount on ex date
Wow I hadn’t even thought of that. Pull an old Grover Clevelans
ahem...i think you mean autist
feels like the market wants to rally, if so I'll scalp Netflix, Nvdia and ZM
No new users tho.
[deleted]
So Grover Cleveland but even fatter?
go away forever please
Carl  is retired from Goldman Sachs.  He got all the strategies from them. Now he owns a hedge fund and works at the gas station for fun. Cool guy.
Na you good. Probably could of went with weeklies tbh.
It will go to 350 first
im autistic, why dont you just tell me
Unpopular opinion about tomorrow’s election but there’s no fucking way Kanye West wins the vp
Can’t believe no one isn’t hyping gold. Stimulus bill is going to be fat af if congress is controlled by the dems. Good time to hop in on leaps once gold dips again.
$10mm if you’re here.
They are even better than they sound
Why split stock again when we can just half the price with half the product line? - Event Organizer, Apple
Why the confidence, what do you know 🧐
Exceptional and prudent fiscal and life management
Ivanka over him but yeah
So your saying your so smart because your voting for Donnie? Yeah your so fucking smart and woke.
>...he base won’t die

but he will
there was decent volume at futures open but the last 2 hours has been absolutely dead
Ree
Slob on my knob.
Puts on my mental health
!remindme in one week
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Thrice - Black Honey (Offici](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9GTEsNf_GU) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9GTEsNf_GU)⠀►►⠀ 2:52 / 4:19 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
you didnt need to go that far
Abbreviate your name and search it as a ticker

Buy puts

And fuck off.
Good luck bro, I smell upside in your play
Nothing better than sitting awkwardly next to a girl you want to fuck, but can’t talk to during a movie. I feel like almost anything is better than a first date at a movies. Even a stupid walk in the park will be way better
Couple thousand? Lol I’m creating generational wealth for my family. You only lose money when you sell, if most of your investments aren’t into a broad index fund than that’s your problem. A lot of it has to do with money psychology, stocks will eventually go up. Think about it like this, every time you made money someone lost that amount. Do you feel sorry each time?
Write in Kanye West you santa clause
Mistake
What are you going to do when orange man wins?
Touché
Lmfao this is a meme right. New copy pasta
This is actually pretty likely. Or don jr runs
Get out and enjoy the other clusterfuck lol
Good song
Tmr is turn around tuesday!
Have any big companies converted to offering good dividends in the past few decades? 

It seems like there hasn't been any new dividend companies.
They ipad gets a workout no doubt
Stocks usually fall by the price of the dividend the day after x-dividend date. There’s no secret code to money, lol.
You might want to read up more on how dividends work
this has to be a joke
I’m awake, thankfully. Awake enough to call out bullshit on both sides.
The catalysts will start pouring in after the election is settled.
Alexa play Black Honey by Thrice
Can’t run if your incarnation prevents you from attending rallies.
Trump's not gonna do shit if he loses lol. Wouldn't surprise me if he tanked everything out of spite cause he's a selfish baby
Back to your hole
Do you get calculators? Then it's too easy.
plz no
One day left to do it
$Dow & $Spy 🐂
Some donkey programmer is about to find out that computer languages come 0 indexed as default
JFC you're a retard
best buy the dip opportunity for election day? or will it be bullish either way?
What are people’s thoughts on Xanax?    
    
Edit: Jesus this place is more knowledgeable than r/drugs
Safe Yolo bets is absolutely a thing. Welcome!
hopefully its the election lmao...
You gotta post from a throwaway to even throw that out there. “The people” includes a whole lot more than just me and you and the rest of this sub.
[removed]
Her oven no longer bakes I’m afraid.
Lmao that's actually a hilarious volume
They’re coming out of the closet
Scott’s Miracle Gro, I work at a hardware store and everyone’s been doing the gardening since they have no job and nothing better to do.
fUtuReS ArE pUmPiNg
Goodnight WSB
No
Pokémon go to the polls
[deleted]
I keep saying I'm going to cash but I keep buying shit. I should have just kept my 1k I gain with Google calls.
Minnesota video was doctored.
[deleted]
What about an exercise bike
This
[deleted]
$4M
Dude, grow up.
Lol, I wish I could live a life full of arrogance as ur self. Never being aware of the real world around me, seeing what is actually happening. But your right bro, your supreme leader will save us, he just didn’t have enough time the last 4 years with all his golfing !
Depends the amount of money you do get is pretty small.
seems super bullish in here. made me worry at first. then realized my puts should print tmro
Why would my feelings be hurt by you being retarded? Has nothing to do with me at all. 

interested to hear this logic. Go on then
[removed]
I lost 7k today on weekly aapl calls, and now I’m in bed giggling at wsb memes
No poll says that, retard.
Schrodinger's window licker.
You can’t cuck the cook
$875,000
Pennsylvania is America all rolled into one average place. The white trash, the middle class suburbs, the past its prime metropolis, the desolate mining towns, and the Amish.
Storyline twist. If Trump loses this year he runs again in 2024...his base won’t die and he would easily win the R primary again.
The bigger issue was people being embarrassed to support mango as they should be so they told the pollster bullseye
M'anus Granny
The scrawny 18 year old commie LARPers have caused a billion dollars worth of damage.
[deleted]
Selling AMZN put $2900 December expiry tomorrow. Same with aapl at $95. These boys are covid bulletproof. Come at me wuhan
In 2028 the United States will be under the administration of the Three Six Mafia
Averaging 9,000 /es contracts per hour since open. Not high volume but not dead either.
All in NIO shorts. Wish you the best.
[deleted]
in the last 10 minutes there has been a total volume of 368 on /ES

368!!!  but futures are pumping bears r fuk

there are 8 dudes in their basements all jerking each other off on /ES right now
Can u play with real money tho
One ban from this sub should be enough
My uncle works at Tim Apple and he says Tim's been doing meal-replacement with Viagra smoothies to make sure everyone's calls print.
Yo is it true lines are long as fuck at 6:30 AM?
[deleted]
does anyone here play dividends? If you had a large lump sum of cash and just bought different stocks the day before they pay out their dividend, i feel like it would be a relatively low risk way of getting cash. Less risky than selling options anyway.
See Paypal though? I almost bought calls at EOD. Almost doubles EPS estimates and promptly shits the bed. 🤣
[deleted]
You're too nice 🥺🥺 thanks baby
'Tis long since we had any hope.
Tiddy bars 😋
As a Mexican, you have my sword
Dude I’m jealous lmao
Trump can barely walk down stairs or drink a glass of water.. but if he died in office his will specifically states that Ivanka becomes prez because pence is a cuck
Aye
[deleted]
After a nice rail of adderall.  Keeps on tickin’!
Fish filet
Ah, assumed you weren't in Florida. Back to lurking
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bulls gonna be rekt
L.o.l. Let’s be honest between u and me. We never had a real lockdown. Possibly like 1-3 weeks? That’s not a lockdown. And since that point we have been talking about social distancing and wearing masks. But people refuse to do so. I see it everyday, either blow the chin or below the nose or not at all. So how do u solve a problem where the population refuses to have some decency ( like South Korea or New Zealand or Australia) and wear masks ? Do we just sacrifice the elderly, the ones with immune compromised bodies bec they were born with a disease? Or some work accident caused them to lose their colon ( which is a huge part of ur immune system) what do u say to those ppl? Can’t close the economy for u buddy? I thought this was America where everyone had a fair chance. Btw I’m (thankfully) fully healthy so even if I get COVID it won’t be that bad but just bec it won’t effect me doesn’t mean other ppl don’t matter. Anyway you prob already voted for mr.supreme leader so let’s just pray that he loses and our economy isn’t fucked for the next 2 years just so we won’t take a 2 month lockdown....

Btw in that time a lot of small business will close bec stimulus won’t pass bec of fuckall republicans, but ya brother let’s just pump all the money and give all the business to big companies like Amazon to just dictate our lives :)
You know it.
Well we did try to erase the gains today, so there is hope
Honestly thought it would suck. But I can't wait. Wish there were fans though.
You care enough to respond idiot. Sorry your feelings are hurt lol
Mathway is awesome. I always use it
Does it matter if he doesn't listen to him anyway
Fuck futures. All my bros trade pasts
My guess is that credit is hard for them to get right now, which is why they are resorting to selling class A shares.  Not sure about takeovers.
They will sure as fuck let yours though....
[deleted]
*It's going down for real*
Free Algo trades with BA 

https://discord.gg/RHdKyeu
Big T lmao
Why would it be any different? Same dollar amount of calls just buys more shares but the end result in dollars and percentage of the float squeezed would be the same, right?
Ain't too late
Nope. Doesnt mean he’s gonna win overall, but the folks in Miami still remember Elian
So, you want the US economy to collapse in one day so you can make couple thousand? People losing jobs, not paying mortgage and you buy a PS5 to play Fortnite in 8K? Oh okay.
Weed?
Crap DD. Better DD is Biden plans to bring back federal tax credit on EVs. That's the DD Tesla and other EVz to the 🌙 🚀 🚀
The Pimento Cheese Sandwich*
Donny crushes coke and burgers and fried chicken. He will live till 110
I'm saying you don't understand polls. Polls aren't right or wrong like black and white. It's not true or not. It's odds.
Magic daylight saving fucked up my circadian cycle now I’m sleepy at 10 like an old motherfucker while before I sleep at 1
Florida no.   South Florida, it’s possibly possible.
Who else is holding SWBI, RGR or VSTO calls?
3050 11/20 (x2)
[deleted]
I'm thinking I should have pushed my calls further out than Nov 20.
Unfortunately that will be the narrative. If trump wins he will lose popular vote. That will be enough.
Infinite pattern discovered. Go all in assuming this will always happen.
Absolut and LaCroix
[deleted]
[removed]
7k to write ccp’s and recoup money on my original strategy
It is too much red for a while I dunno if it will continue.
[deleted]
If there are riots, I'll go somewhere I know I'll be safe where there won't be any one else around, the local Gamestop
Carl does that for you, too?

I'm gonna keep this awful joke thread going...bomb after bomb from old tarbaby.
Guilty
TQQQ
Fire Faucci to start off
All major stores are boarded up, why is spy not at 300 ?
We need fucking catalysts to happen to get some bullish conviction.. fuck me, where's the god damned vaccine approvals, where's our god damned 737 Max approvals, where's the god damned travel ban lifts? Jesus christ.. come on.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [POGO - Trumpular            ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vx3_2ks5qQ) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vx3_2ks5qQ)⠀►►⠀ 1:37 / 2:26 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Oh yeah it could.  It’s as sound a bet as any of the other dumb shit that goes on here.
[deleted]
Tastytrade is broadcasting live tomorrow night starting at 7pm CST if you want something other than cable news. They'll also be the most accurate stream discussing futures markets.
I love how some many people say they got a ^(small) million dollar loan from their humble middle class parents
i know, i know. i'm ashamed to even suggest it
That's when he grabbed the jumper cables
Aight, imma head out.

God, probably
Everyone loves sales pitches. Most people don’t realize they will never deliver aka “trade talks going well”, “stimulus talks going well”, “vaccine before the election”, “Mexico is paying for the wall”, “relations with North Korea are going well”, etc.
WAP hands
I can already taste how retarded tomorrow is going to be 😋
Cross posting to the personal finance subreddits
i know! this guy probably doesnt even think that windmills give cancer! what a rube! im with you ProOrlando, us poor boys need to stick together.
Biden doesn't even remember what his last meal was
[removed]
I mean you've been shitposting right-wing propaganda on a stock sub all night, so you're either Russian or retarded.

Take your pick I don't really give a shit.
[deleted]
Take off the plastic you fucking animal
I’m gay
I like to use my washing machine. Something about laundering money? Idk, never paid attention but so far so good.
Yo this guy posting that an event with 2 outcomes only has 2 chances of 50% chance, might be the king of autism.
Congrats, want a cookie?
Holy fuck my eyes are burning I can barely open them lmao
Sir I’m gonna pick whatever confirmation i can for my puts/calls whether it’s grounded in reality or not thank you lol
Heh me...
Proud of you
[deleted]
805 with a four roses chaser
I have an Ipad that I use only for watching porn, an Iphone 7 and a LG g6 that I don't use, a Lenovo Thinkpad, a macbook from 2013 covered with dust. I can't believe I spent all these money.

After discovering wsb in this April so far I bought a Bluetooth headphone for $12 from amazon and that's it. I realized that I have been paying prime membership fee for nothing so I canceled it today.

wsb made me financially responsible to not spend money on unnecessary stuff that I don't need.

I made $1066 today scalping SPY calls and puts so I bought 4k more puts for 4th. I am responsible now, financially.
What measures exactly
I really do not see Big T losing Florida
Photo math or math papa
Bitch I already sold today, need to reload.
Matters a shit tonne who these 10 ppl are
They are already up 50% since March lows so they are not high on my recovery list but yeah, them too!
I live in California.  Me and five others voted for Trump.
Yea we get it. It’s like 2nd grade math. Nobody cares.
Let’s be real here.  If Donny pulls it off, does his heart really have another 4 years left in it? And does Biden’s brain, for that matter?
Well he bought them months ago when GameStop’s stock price was very low. He held on and as the stock price rose so did the contract prices.
Things have been insanely dicey. It can’t get much dicier.
Hey shithead, Google "Glock price over time" and you will see that its physically impossible to buy one right now, and parts for them cost 5x what they normally do. I'm a gunsmith on the side and I'm here to tell you the time to invest in this was March, because manufacturers have been sold out since coronavirus rumors. Everyone bought their guns a long time ago, and not to mention, at this point in time, there is no consumer base for guns. Most ammunition is bought by law enforcement before it even reaches retail shelves, and guns are scarce and expensive. No reasonable person has purchased a firearm in the last 6 months, considering you either get scalped on the purchase, or you can not find one for a reasonable price.
No but my wife’s boyfriend is
Don’t you dare group GME and RKT together...
That's why I like selling options on TSLA. The premiums are juicy as fuck
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
No Russian here man but if that makes you feel better okay
It’s his 100th account .
[deleted]
If it gets down to 30 it's going to bounce.
Also- I suspect the family would still like to take another swing at taking em private. Over the last few years the competition has closed up shop (Barney’s, etc) making it even better long term.
Comes with a free stock and $100 in option credit
steady as she goes
proof or ban
Seeing his flair, he got banned today for 5 days.
I just want to have fun and be a degenerate
Their vig on those bets is so huge. My bookie had mango +160 joe -190

That’s a 30 pt vig they get regardless!
They giving out free drugs or something now?
It was red last 2 weeks. 🙄🤯
there are literally a total of 10 people trading futures right now how can you claim any of this matters
South where? Im in Florida already. You might have me confused with someone else
I don’t think we can call it that anymore
Are you a fracker?
is bullying a rite of passage?
Pre calc test best apps for cheating
Imagine not being uneducated or Rich/out of touch
Donald Trump should squirt inside Hillary Clinton and then we just make that kid president.

I am king moderate.
I think we may have to kill my uncle
Still had time. What's another 7k
Good luck with that.
woo forever
Im saying dont believe polls, you are agreeing with me
The Supreme Court being stocked will provide some stability though. We may see it stumble, however we know that the court will prevent chaos. 

Trump staying in office, we will see fluctuations but then trend up. 

Biden wins, we can expect it to tank to pre trump era numbers.  They will call it a “correction” or the true recession as it is realized from Trumps economy but it will be rough regardless.
yes havent wanked in a decade. takes time but your body reabsorbs it. you clean up your filthy mind to an extent and no more wet dreams. im happily married. get off the crack pipe that is ur cock
We'll say it's going down every night until it does
PRPL so three months ago fam. Pre-TikTok hype
the hero we need but don't deserve
[deleted]
remdesivir 💉 is ready. Who will be my Guinea 🐷.
Just purchased today `SPY Dec-31-20 $310 Put`. I actually have the shares to exercise this if needed. This is my final play of this year since last week wrecked me. I'm out of game tokens unless a vaccine-penny-stock I'm holding somehow goes to the moon.
50/50, either it happens or it doesn’t, big brain
Bye bye tech
-95k just because you are a fellow retard. I am literally doing it at cost.
Don't worry bro. If Mango loses Florida he has no path to victory, and then you're off the hook
That's cool my family are Russian too
no one even understands wtf you are saying
Yeah let me call my homies over at r/robinhood.
That’s all good, but you don’t really make any sense. Tbh I read it all 3 times and still have no clue what your point is. 

Why not just post positions instead?
[deleted]
Cleaning guns and watching the election results drag on.
What strike and expiry fren? 3290c 11/20 ova here.
three tits are better than 2
I wish I did but I thought I’d get out before the war.
Help, no speak English
Mods give me your powers for like an hour. I’ll take care of the r/politics betas while you finish watching anime. I’m only here for highly quality DD on GME, PRPL, & RKT.
The reason it is going down is it's still in a spending phase. It still has to spend tons of money on lobby efforts even after sports have come back. It's still a great long term hold - but it rose too fast. After it finishes the lobby efforts it's going to be growth.
[removed]
I don't know but they're provocative
trippy toppy*
If we open red, I'll sell them to ya
God tests a true believers patience and loyalty
NVDA will be a 600 dollar stock when the ARM acquisition is done. This stock consistently performs well when the whole market tanks.
is anybody else leveraged to the tits in NIO? i would say about 90% of my portfolio is NIO.
yeah that study is shit. crack heads would also push a "crack cures cancer" study. one dishwasher i used to work with told me about how cannabis oil cures cancer
I’m in PA and I don’t like all this pressure on us. We don’t want to end up like Florida in 2000.
Augusta will be interesting in the colder weather
Mostly, no one will pay you for long unless they're getting what they want from you. Don't think much about it, and learn what you think you are missing.
[deleted]
Of golf?
Sob brokenly.
Woah there bud no need to take it that far now
Anyone stepping up to take them over?
Thats actually an easy thing to bring back just draw a circle with an always on display now that they have oled screens (welcome to the club) and use force touch for presses and the touch screen can still be used as the wheel.
Why haven't the brought that back atleast for music listening??
You had such a good opportunity to fuck with this in so many ways and you didnt take it what a shame
Right because everyone knows that once a sub is banned, all the users simply evaporate into thin air.

/s
1st beer since the end of sober October
Imo it’s difficult to capture the complexity of the electoral college into a poll that lay people can understand. Why not just use sensational polls to sell news? /s
If my vote doesn't get counted? Yep.

...I said that.
I want a dip tomorrow to reload calls
Playing YETI Earnings, call side
Teslacular cancer risk
[deleted]
He’s going to be right, because he is the average investor
He’s been berlord for a while now.
Remember, if you're from NJ vote yes on proposition 1.
Dhskenfdneisjsjrksic - Dennis Rodman
Searches weren’t working earlier..  not just on the subreddit, site wide
Pot stocks for Biden win? No idea really though, this past 2 weeks has been brutal for me
Where’s my blow???
Let’s have a pint and wait for this whole thing to blow over
I am in NC and everyone in my family is voting for Donnie and they been long time Democrats.
It’s USA earnings!
I don’t understand the preordering stuff in the gaming industry, but preordering a car is just on another level of autism.
[deleted]
That sub was quarantined and then banned ages ago... only /r/politics remains
No, but my Bachelors in Act. Sci. and Masters in Financial Economics taught me enough to not blow 5k on a class that I can learn on Google but rather blow on options trading 8==D💸💸
Throwing up.
Fuck it I'm in.
The conspiracy is they need a blue prez to over see the crash. Republicans can't blow their cover propping up everything with cash support. Market wants Biden to soft land this mess. Lots of bankruptcy to come in the new year. Slow decline and the big fish in position to gobble up everything at the bottom.
But why male models?
Forget the fake news to find out who wins tomorrow. Ill just hop on over to WSB. The only reliable news source.
What's wrong with kids these days. They work part time during college to upgrade their future pensioner lifestyle now?
Ty gonna save this
[deleted]
What we drunking tonight boys
[deleted]
election uncertainty will take a week or more
Sorry, listen to the rhetoric and the complete destruction of unity under his watch. Even if I may agree with some policies I can’t watch a narcissist who gives no fucks about anyone but himself tear apart our country. If you are too blind to see that I feel sorry for you.
I heard we are doomed so I loaded up on calls. Usually were told the opposite of what's happening.. My amzn calls going to make me VERY HAPPY WOOHOO
Calls on the Mexican cartels by the sounds of half of these comments.
How many times are you going to post this?
Damn how could they have expected DLS to happen again this year tho? What’re the odds!
Same as every other day. Yolo all my money into options and pray.
I sold all my shares at premarket that day. One of my best exists ever.
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&restrict_sr=on&q=flair%3A%22Earnings%20Thread%22
It’s almost like you haven’t listened to him speak for 2 minutes
You lost me in the first fucking sentence
I still remember the time when JPow was god in this sub
Wouldn’t this be true for any event then?
Holy shit this post was lame. Take a lap nerd
[deleted]
how would you like to become my “financial advisor”
Governors won’t give a shit what his lame duck ass says
I vote opposite of the welfare queens and people living off of social security.
Preemptive: Nobody is allowed to suggest _"Trump"_
Found the rioter
STFU
Lmao I make a post saying 90% =/= 100% chance to win, and people respond saying how could hillary win if polls had her winning? 

Like you fucktards really can't understand that 90 and 100 are different numbers?
I thought you were thinking of going south for a bit
As an appliance installer, I regret to report that most fridge plastic is a bitch to remove and not at all satisfying.
The Masters starts a week from Thursday.
I moved to Alaska, bought a bunch of guns, an atv, a snowmachine, and a house outside of town with a long ass gravel driveway. Got a freezer full of salmon and halibut and a closet full of TP. I'm ready.
CRM baby
All in on Enphase and Ebay.
4:15 actually.
Whomst among us can say they haven't played SPY 0DTE options. It's a right of passage.
Should of pulled it like 2 weeks ago before ER lol
Elon
Tomorrow down bigly
I wish I didn’t know that, I’m terrified that people will realize I’m not worth what I am and I’m just getting lucky every time
Kylie got big ass titties - Caillou
You mean a billion dollars in debt? Or the several trillions in debt that retard saddled on the public
Can confirm. Work for a telecom company and JWN is still buying network solutions from us like they’re starting an Apple cafe
Fuck r/stocks
If there was ever a President that would give a shit about such, it would be the 🍊 man.
You lose the -20% to prostate cancer bonus, so do so at your own risk.
[removed]
What the fuck are you talking at?
We need positions, but literally cannot go tits up.
VIX
It doesn't work anymore. They locked his account
[deleted]
Agreed.
contract too expensive,
Loving how the mods have loosened the reigns and finally let people post whatever the hell they want. 

I guess the daily will be like “The Purge” until after the election
[deleted]
funny that you think acb and cron are small cap, I'd say mid-cap more like it
Ayyyyy
Just got back from buying some frozen lunches and have a handle of Absolut to get me through the next couple days.
Boomer Dow is booming wtf lol.
Smiths will son.
I can eat 2 of those in one go before feeling like I made a terrible but delicious mistake.
They’re going to short the shit out of this
[deleted]
no nut november is retarded. I'd rather nut so much that I don't have the sexual urge to be a simp anymore so that I can spend all my money on 0dte SPY options
u think its a green week, thats why its gonna end red after you all have sold ur puts for a loss. MM genius cy@
I go to gas station to trade. Cashier buys the dip for me.
Seems it’s worse than WSB
or positions
Very high, like 80-90%. Do you not understand that a <20% chance is still real?
4:15
touche
You should create the "Shitcoin"
Election plays?
RIP
Was thinking calls but could go puts depending on how volume is looking.
I heard the % and odds are low, but the more money you have, the more you have to lose. I told robinhood to disable the debit card, the newest trick after they got into your account is to withdraw using your debit card info into a foreign account.
[half this sub tomorrow](https://youtu.be/avaSdC0QOUM)
Russian bots.
We lost money on Hertz we can lose on AMC too!
Well, if he loses, I doubt he'll really give a shit about anything and will likely be a super volatile sitting duck.

Play accordingly.
End of the day everything is peaceful protest .😂🤣
Lol get rekt
What were Hillarys odds in 2016 fucktard?
Tooo many
Paint sim rounds. Shits terrible.
[deleted]
C, F U
I have over 75% of the OI on LYV 62.5c 4/2021. Don't give a fuck and I'll keep buying more on every down day. Anyone that goes to concerts regularly knows they are a straight up monopoly, and they definitely just gobbled up a whole bunch of small venues that couldn't stay afloat during this year.
Fuck. That sounds delish.
Dumpy's coup de grace?  super spreader events across the country. Seems fitting

$320 Spy 11/20
I looked at IV for both UVXY and VXX 11/20 calls and they were all like 150-250%. Just stuck with 11/20 SPY pooters
Odds are Biden wins
Treesha
Thanks!!
whoever wins election better announce stimulus talks by next week or sooner.
I need a break from things. If it wasn't for this stupid virus I would hit up Tampa and sit and play blackjack for 10 hours straight then hit up a strip club. Maybe get lucky and score some coke. Fucking thing sucks
I guess this is something after getting anally raped with the September drop then October drop the November drop
Imposter syndrome is not uncommon.
Theater is a terrible first date. Not enough interaction.

Drinks for a potential fuck. 

Coffee for a potential wife.
election priced in, but pricing in also priced in so we drill tomorrow
HAHAHA checkout this out of touch boomer 😂. This is what zero pussy does to a mf 😤
Stop mouth breathing on everyone
Camden... sounds familiar.

*looks it up*

"Murder Capital of the USA"

Okay cool.
Here is the list of songs in 50 Cent’s new album after Trump’s victory:

Still 50 Cent
T.R.U.M.P
Tendies shop
In Da Moon
Liberal Inferno
Loll”Y”pop featuring Lil Wayne
scram
https://i.imgur.com/nTaeYdq.gif
Some of you are forgetting that even if Biden wins, he ain’t taking office till January. 

In the meantime, Trump will do his best to lift all lockdown measures. 

Now play accordingly.
yeah thats him!
Beautiful
[removed]
Facts, my first date with my ex was watching Wonder Woman in the theatre with her. None of those fucks know the pleasures of watching Gal Gadot half naked on a big screen while getting the soul sucked out of you simultaneously.
330
kettle chips pepperoncini. Don't question it.
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man?
I listened to the last one on a long drive, I wasn't entirely focused on it but damn that dude is straight up nuts.
WASHINGTON POST👀
I was hoping for more of a Skyrim scenario
Nope what’s the lesson
Right...because VIX won’t moon if shit gets dicey.
Are you outta your fucking mind thinking we have the attention span to read that summary even? Can someone summarize the summary?
Of course we are green. Lots of unknowns. Makes perfect sense.
[deleted]
Microsoft
Because it's horseshit, because it implies that the left are a bunch of animals who will riot because they lost an election, which has literally never happened before, ever.

I'm not saying you are like a Russian bot or anything, but you are inadvertently repeating their nonsense.


The fear of protests is about Trump's promise to not accept any results after election night. Not him winning fairly.

And honestly if the president tries to nullify votes, then that's a good fucking excuse to riot. I'll riot. That's our democracy, bro.

If he wins fairly? He wins. No one will riot over that.
Feeling like volatility is the name of the game.
Why is America so extra?
I’ll take it.
EOG is starting drilling this month in the Powder River.  Not a bad play either.
thanks for the history lesson!
[deleted]
[deleted]
That’s it?
In fairness though, and I hate that it is, for this week, U.S. politics is the main driver on where the markets are going.
[removed]
It takes great character to forgive the man who shot you out of misguided hate and Pope JP deserves praise for this. It must have been a painful event, both physically and mentally but i see this as an incident that we can all learn from. Don't try to short AAPL because the ghost of Stevie lives on, however, don't let that detract from what happened in 1998 when The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table
korea numba 2
How would you see the screen?

Yeah I'm posting that terrible joke.
😂🤣
T
Id be so happy
Yaaas king especially when you've held the shares for a while and the dividends are qualified
Pulled my retirement account out of the market today, expecting a drop then get back in later.
What is that?
LOL I just bought shares. Have fun with the options! Update us!
11/20. I know I got time but don’t want to be IV crushed.
Jesus Christ how many of you retards are holding VXX calls? How have you not learned this lesson yet?
Doctor. Yes. Now its time for surgery.
lmao what else would they get?
Three.  Ages 13, 15, 16.  You know, old enough to know exactly what's going on.
You can’t even blame it on the media, people are truly this fucking stupid all by themselves
[deleted]
Holy fuck completely forgot about this song! Thanks
I mean, it is a pandemic.
False no one gives a shit about NJ to base anything of substance off of it.
Im giving it a go this year. Day 2 and my balls feel fucking swollen.
Thank you bro
[deleted]
Yep. And somehow people actually believe in these polls.
In Canada I have to pay like >$40 for 20 rounds of 7.62 plus get treated like a criminal for owning guns
>These people don’t even know how to do math. How do you loose 10k and KEEP PUTTING MONEY INTO THE MACHINE

How do people who play the lotto lose $10 a week and keep putting money into the machine? Whatever people want to gamble on is fine, just try to pick good odds if you can.
All cash holdings
Trump2020
Poll science is very flawed and is very bad at giving an outcome because of sample sizes and reliance on yes+ or no+ answers. Also you don't have to be good at math for casino gambling. Basic strategy is not hard to follow and easily googleable for Blackjack, for example. Not saying I'm betting on either side but the outcome is kind of up in the air, due to the seven or so swing states.
Watch your options expire worthless. Muahahaha!
Yeah I agree with you. It’s a good long term stock.
Imagine playing options when you can get a 7% dividend 🤤
[deleted]
I've got my compound bow, my vicious dog, and over 3500 hours across five Fallout games. I was born ready.
Congrats, and obligatory fuck you!
Rofl !!!!
Calls on this comment
This is no secret; it even came up in the latest Twitter earnings call and part of the reason the price went down after earnings. People are assuming _(dangerously, imho)_ that Trump is definitely losing and that'll be end of a ton of Twitter accounts.

https://www.barrons.com/articles/twitter-stock-plunges-as-investors-ask-what-happens-if-donald-trump-loses-51604074565 _(paywall, sorry. But the point is people are aware of Twitter's situation)_
Can mods start banning these political propaganda posts? I wanna talk about tendies and green dildos pls 🥺👉👈
Who's doing no nut November? That bust on December 1 must be euphoric
U/N: BallingPP01011977
P/W: ApassForANut1oo0015
Already jerked off twice to my Orville Redenbacher poster. 

I’m ready to die now.
No
[deleted]
Damn that’s tough, they were all so good in the beginning
Unbelievable! $40 Billion in market cap! I wonder when the gaps will be filed we have one at $25 and $19 😂🤣
I like. Will copy.
Is 2 inches enough bb?
Play was OLN two weeks ago
It really is the best, next to the Big Mac
There is nothing that gets my dick harder than dividends
Type 1: “EVEN THOUGH I ONLY MAKE 30K A YEAR, DON’T HAVE HEALTHCARE, AND MY LIFE IS A WRECK, DONALD TRUMP SAID SLEEPY JOE WILL RAISE MY TAXES SO ILL VOTE FOR TRUMP”

Type 2: “Wow I’m loving not having to abide by any common sense regulation and being able to get away with whatever the fuck I want as a corporation. Not paying taxes is awesome 👍”

Type 3: Racist
To vote Trump!
A lot of r_thedonald here real confident about a 🍊 win. It’s like y’all learned nothing from how arrogance in 2016 led to a huge, embarrassing loss for one candidate.

Buying ICLN and ARKG are fool’s proof plans for no matter who wins.
So then why aren't you the billionaire president of the most powerful nason on the planet, genius?
Fuck off
This is gold.
Oh god. I am certain weeklies have only lost money for me
Poop on myself
How is this propaganda? It'll be bad and I'm a biden voter.
Doordarsh/Uber/Shipt and grind 12 hours a day. Pay the bills and keep learning as much as possible.
She's a good one.
Why not both?
I just need SPY to drop harder than Mankind at hell in a cell. Not asking for much, just a -14% day. 😩
You call me dumb and you think a decision will be made tomorrow? So you clearly have no idea what's going on.
God damn that sub is full of brain washed retards
How’d I miss the news of Rogan and Jones doing a livestream?

That’s gonna be an amazing train wreck.
You guys prepping for the end times?
Shut your dirty whore fucking mouth!
A lot of you don't get out much and it shows
They get limited funding and require rapid turnaround for all these "snapshot" results, all of the latest polls were done on no more than 1,500 people
[deleted]
[deleted]
The Arby's Q
Yeah that’s why it’s hilarious lmao no one probably wants him there and it’s gonna be awkward and funny 😆😆
Same
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [AZEALIA BANKS - 212 FT. LAZY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3Jv9fNPjgk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3Jv9fNPjgk)⠀►►⠀ 2:17 / 3:26 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
It's called imposter syndrome. Very common.
Took the L. Moving on happily
This is the confirmation bias I come for
[deleted]
[deleted]
Where's the dude with the Brazzers login? Does it still work?
Saw him with Mike Oxbig too
Like do you not understand how the real estate industry works? If an owner of a property can’t service their loan because they had a ton of evictions, the owner defaults
Unfortunately not below 300.
I lost
Hedge fund
Pm the details of your call
Because you can't invite a girl on a first date to to watch movies at your smelly home.  
But how would you know? I forgot everyone on this sub is a virgin.
322
😭
4:00
I will be back to see your reaction tomorrow. Hahahaha.
Puts on VXX is always a shit play. 

You are basically buying options on high IV and planning to sell it at low IV. Why 🤷🏻‍♂️
Sounds like the Nikola sub haha
Puts on play clocks
Not how you get flair.
dang bro, you gonna take the loss or ride the contracts till .01?
Sounds reasonable to me.
Are you luvin it?
mmmm jcpenny would like a word with you, bankruptcies moving forward are going to dissolve all shares.
Alex invited himself.
[removed]
What should I do with mine?
[deleted]
Spy closing at what tomorrow?
Name?
The election will be disputed and stocks will tank.
Will you stop with this propaganda nonsense. Thanks.
That should be some amusing coverage and commentary.  AJ is straight retard.
YMCA?
So do the national guard get live rounds tomorrow? That could make a big difference for my portfolio.
[deleted]
as long as they live in the country then yes. dont want to be ruled by the UN lol
Exactly that in the screenshot
"Market is up!"
It’s supposed to be 13 inch Mac books.  Im hoping to see some of that custom silicon but will probably be further in the future.
mmm koolaid
Not clear don’t know what u mean how the f can I see it
The beauty of this sub is most here are self-aware retards. You're the exception.
short it. , guaranteed tendies, right?
Oh you’re saying we are going down Tuesday night? Priced in and here’s your ban!
So how much did you end up losing ?
Wtf is an HF
Shut up lying libtard
Market predicts 85% chance of Biden winning. So which part aren't you understanding?
I just hope the market falls through the floor so I can scrape together what’s left of me and throw it in leaps
If  someone name this song I would be shocked 

I gotta treesha all she wanna do is fuck
Bro we could get into this debate, and you could literally be completely eviscerated for that stupid shit you're spewing....but not here. If you're pissed (clearly you are), and maybe a little scared, and need someone to vent to/ debate with I suggest you take that shit to a different subreddit before you get banned. 

I hear r/publicfreakout & r/conspiracy is good for people like you.
First option. I read an amazing book about this and how society is turning into a hivemind more than ever because of social media and the echo chambers it creates.
Fucking roast beef sandwich
Trump
Definitely not dude
No way dude, we all gonna fatten up for Winter
“Welcome my son. Welcome to the machiiiiiiine”
“Muh fake votes”. Aka the excuse used to quit counting actual people’s votes and steal the election. Nice try George Bush, but we’ve seen this play before
will WSB mods crackdown on politics tomorrow? I really hope not shits gonna be entertaining. Gonna watch joe rogan election livestream with Alex Jones too shits gonna be funny af
You retard. In 2016 it wasn’t crazy because Trump won with only a 5%-10% probability - the big issue was how bad the polling and statistical analysis was. 

It was literally how bad the statisticians were at statistics.
Sold. I loss 30% in IV. Just wasn’t worth it watching my account bleed. Back to my cash covered puts strategy for now
[deleted]
Riots
many of those people are just really young and don't remember past elections like 2012 where polls underestimated obama, not the republican.
Hi which stonks I should buy tomorrow ? I am an undecided voter 🤷‍♀️ so which candidate I should vote for so my stonks don’t crash 💥?
Oh I’ve seen more than enough to know Hillary wasn’t the one and neither is Biden now
Your chart has a lot of gayness.
B4 I nut I switch to the knockers and moisturize her face
they have talent at the skill positions and it doesn't even matter because he's just so. fucking. bad.
I hope so, but I'm not counting on it. As you said they have been dicking down elections for a while.
According to stockdweebs, it should still break bullish. But not to this..
I wish you a good recovery!
Yeah anyone supporting Trump must be. Who can had witnessed the last 4 years and honestly say they want 4 more of that?
Bro you just take intro to PS at the local community college or something?
Can confirm. CLT here too
I've sold puts on AMC. Ready for a 100% jump with vaccine news before the end of the year.
puts on the national guard
Joenald Brump
[removed]
I will be one of them
an assflex 3280 X gold edition, I find that looser luxury buttplugs usually do the trick for tense days like yesterday with its NIO rally
[removed]
If trump wins the riots will be something talked about in history books
Tremendous
It's annoying af.
Unfortunately I quit my job at Wendys and told my manager I’ll be back with a Lambo. Now all i have left is some loose change 😔
[deleted]
It can happen, I’d want to see SPY 318 broken before
jwn has mad cash, they are the apple of high end retail
Bruh there were people saying uvxy was gonna slide to 11-12 into the election. What kinda retards thought volatility would DROP 10%+ into a heated election LMAO
That’s what happens when your main voter block is Boomers/Retards
Dude HFs must be scooping shares up at this price
[removed]
You like the buns
Or counting fake votes.
North Carolina is a battleground must win state for the mango man
Hold
This is a job right?
These people don’t even know how to do math. How do you loose 10k and KEEP PUTTING MONEY INTO THE MACHINE
Are you holding till expiry ?
Prove me wrong, no1 asked
If the results drag out... stocks go down due to panic and fear... buy the dip retards!!!
[deleted]
Lmao did you forget what sub you are on
job? people here have jobs?
What’s your point?

So who’s winning?
Clearly a troll nobody actually this dumb.
“‘Twas the night before Xmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, except for the crotchety old bags coming around the corner in 2x2 formation”
Theta gang on it been good
It's going to be minor changes morons. So don't worry about getting your mom's $100 refund back.
Peasants yearn for a ruling class of aristocrats.
Didn’t they just push out a price increase? Who’s GF/wife really lets them drop their account. Nobody’s. Buy calls.
His plan was to raise long term capital gains for anyone making over 1 million.
This isn’t r/conservative, buddy. Wrong way
If you don't think that was a unique situation built on apathy and added to by a reopened investigation by the FBI one week before the election, you've read too many headlines and not enough stories.

Edit: and Obamacare premium mailings being delivered right before the vote.
Sir... this is a Wendy’s
I live in Cali, everyone is voting Biden. 😳
40 is the new 20
That rack is where it’s at 😤
Calls on VIX it is
95c 1/15 🥳
Depends where in nyc
It’s like fucking a shark’s back
[deleted]
Yuge china guy
you're retarded
Priced in
Don’t talk about my wife like that.
[removed]
"Polls were wrong in 2016" 

How can you fucktards not understand statistics? The polls didn't have hillary winning at a 100% rate. I'd bet money on the 80-90% winner every time, but it doesn't mean they'll win every time

This sub is hilariously bad at statistics and math for a gambling subreddit (I assure you casino gamblers are good at math)
we are in the post modern now. the ecstacy of communication. nothing real exists, people are a buddhist monk for a day, then a french philosopher for a day, then a pro gamer for a day. nothing is real
Thank you, mr build a bear
What up bro
does a triple top mean we go long or short?
If I had more buying power. Yeah I would buy that shit eyes closed.
[deleted]
AMD bag holders rise up ✊🏿
Lmao North Carolina is 95% racist - that was before trump was even elected
Yes, an aggregate of bias media polls. Since basically all the MSM is bias against trump. Try again
[deleted]
Have you seen the stock lately? Lol that might explain it
You gotta cool name.
The nut is not pleased it’s November
Theres more than one?
Pelosi’s pussy just hits different
Yes 😔 and I am
Think it was something along the lines of “buy the dip fa**ot.”
I should go there

If 🥭 wins, these broads will probably spread their legs quicker than SPY mooning
I don’t feel eligible for my careers I hold, I don’t know why I do well in sales. Does anyone else feel like that about their jobs?
Easy on the cope bro, you're gonna need it for tomorrow night haha
DAILY REMINDER RUG PULL TOMORROW
I literally monitor this sub for those posts so I can start dumping my positions.  It worked great the last time....
you think Mango is going to win in a landslide? lul
Regardless of the “news”, imagine listening to the guy or his policies and being like “wow, what a genius, that’s really good for me and my country” 🤡🤡🤡
No one eating the fish fillet either though.
[removed]
theta gang meets his maker
And every time, a Rep instigator is arrested, funny huh
Yeah. I mean it’s a pretty short era though. 2008-ish? 12 years was all it took to turn everyone against each other.
Calls on MCD
[removed]
Where’s the mod bot ban this paper trader
I’m 6-2 my running backs have decided they won’t get points anymore thank you CEH, Mike Davis, and Jonathan Taylor
[deleted]
538 is an aggregate of polls dumbass
[removed]
because it doesnt move? dummy
Virus is less deadly than originally predicted. We all have at least 15 vaccines in us that were given to us when we were babies. Doesn't matter who the president is, vaccine news will make beaten down sectors fly.
Plug in your fucking phone
10-20% chance is still real. I feel like retards here can't understand this, and yet bet money on calls/puts with less than a 10% chance of making profit
i have asbergers, not autism
It needs to look like it has a polygon count that's economic even for ps1
Pull out of your positions before they plummet
How come puts on VXX?
Why would you go to the movies when you can stay home.  Not all of us like having to go to a shitty bathroom stall to snort lines of coke off hookers during the middle of a movie...
He fucked everyone on Battery Day eve. 

Musk can piss off forever.
Tsla investors got wiped out from battery day
Will Smiths son?
[deleted]
He’s insane. I was gonna trade for him but was t willing to give up Aaron jones. But yea one week I lost becusse Aaron jones pissed off the OC and got benched for 1 quarter, ended up losing by 1, i was about to lose my mind lmao
Autist tales  


One year ago Roku missed earnings, dropped 140 to 120 and traded flat for a week.  It was then that a mysterious traveler with strong DD and a bold prediction appeared. 

**"Roku +10% this week or ban."**

Roku proceeded to make a most epic run to over 160 within the next six trading days.
[deleted]
I go to r/PAWGsluts
Ban
Great poem you fucking gay bear
[deleted]
Amd filling that gap.. close eyes on it
[deleted]
dude wtf have you been doing

the best time to buy a gun was literally February. Even by May it was too late
Tsukune, duh
I actually really like this company. They have experience and technology having brought the Fisker Karma to market, and you would assume management was able to learn from the mistakes that caused the first company to go bankrupt. 

The Fisker Ocean is an affordable vehicle with a minimum range of 250 miles that meets the needs of the growing CUV/SUV market. It is priced perfectly at the 37,499 mark, making the real price of the car an attractive 29,999 after the federal tax credit. That is a huge mental barrier. If Fisker can produce a profitable electric vehicle at that price, they won't have enough supply to meet demand.

Finally Fisker has partnered with Magna, a massive tier 1 automotive supplier that has experience building electric vehicles.

This company is much more than vaporware. Rivian, Nio, and Fisker are the three electric vehicle companies that I believe can sell competitive electric vehicles at a profit.
Yes
Damn real shame
Lmao polls in 2016 didn't say a 100% winner. They give odds. Or are you too retarded to know that a 10-20% chance is still a real chance?
It’s not real, best not stick around long enough and find out.
Hmm

has society become hivemind from social media like reddit and news outlets or is reddit just hivemind as a reflection of society overall?

Pretty sure Socrates had a quote about this
We did it for hertz and we’ll do it for AMC
Depends, do you look like a pussy?
I lived in Camden,NJ for 3,5 months and I approve this message.
cant look at Nicole Anitston this month


Ill stare at futures until I fall asleep instead
Burning Philly down is the best thing that could happen to Philly
It’s bad man. I’m getting fucked so hard by it right now
Watching retards argue about their politics is very amusing
I live in North Carolina and everybody in Charlotte is voting trump I swear. Calls on LMT and SPY.
Delusional liberals will tell you it’s not. The crime here is awful.
There is 100% chance... aw fuck it, why bother....
You’re absolutely retarded if you think either side will have a landslide
Ya 322/321 is important for sure
Lol comments be like "waiting on sequel in one day"
Gang gang
Triple cheeseburger coming confirmed, MCD calls
Flair me bro
And the dems haven't showed how they are violent? Dems are so peaceful hu? 😏
Look at a LG CX for the 120 refresh rate too
All in orange juice concetrate futures 🚀
I couldn’t get into the second one but liked the premise.
AKA stealing the election instead of counting actual votes
😂🤣😂🤣🦆🦆
Ban
nice
[deleted]
Hoping it goes higher before I buy puts
When do they expire?

I expect one more decent spike this week before it keels out and dies.
With the current level of meddling, who can even trust the results?!
The soy boy sits here, and bashes the Trump

While his mother’s wide open, looking for a hump

I saw her once, layed out on her back

I didn’t see much, all I saw was black
Let them expire, use it as a tax write-off. Big brain 🧠
Oh my God, bro... You for serious?   

Virus mutates and actually kills young people... Vaccine ends up killing people... We can't decide on a president, and the speaker's  brother-in-law's cousin is interim president... Etc.
Weird flex but okay
That’s why I’m out completely. Can’t wait for the “stock price is up why are my calls down 50%” posts in here
Can we save OP's bags?!
2016
Average down during the morning pump
That’s what she said 😂
bear call spread on SQ continues tomorrow! Might start a XOM bear call spread depending on things goes later in the day.
All my homies have flairs on WSB.
1 point lmao I’d lose my shit if that happened. Metcalf is a beast man
“Warriors...come out to playeeyay...”
Few more weeks of working at Wendys and you'll be back.

Maybe practice discipline with selling at reasonable gains. Has saved me a ton of grief. Sure, some shit will keep mooning, but more often than not, it will tank while other people lock in profits before you. 

Started taking profits on more volatile positions around 30-50%. If I truly believe in the company and think they will keep pushing harder, I usually hold that shit unless I want to take some profits to hedge.

Trust me man I have lost a shit ton of money, almost 12X what you have lost. I am fortunate enough to still be fine, and in the process have learned to be more disciplined. 

Good luck to you
Heh that means Im up. Woah its way down.
Fun fact: the city of Gotham is based on Camden, NJ. Even one of the issues of Batman says Gotham is a crime ridden hell hole in south NJ.
Depends on who wins.
Any one on this sub has any capital gain
Jaden Smith would’ve been 12 today let that sink in
It’s really good.
>Is Mike Hock here?

Sorry, he just left with Mike Hunt.
Yeah but he made it all back in like a year or two. He talked about it on his livestream on twitch
No cap those are great if they’re fresh. If they aren’t fresh they taste like shit
[deleted]
Holy shit Daniel Jones is fucking stupid
Damn my UVXY/VXX calls might be dead.
Snap puts or calls?
Apple calls took all my money, give me a loan
A rich person on wsb?? I don't believe it either
How? Wouldn’t it die?
[removed]
Leo whats your 2c on whats the time to make a move? Wait until elections decided or go in on a dip?
Buying a straddle on VIX?
[removed]
Buy two hats - one 😴 joe and maga.  Wear whichever one wins.
Prob everyone that was raised in the era of social media lmao
[deleted]
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Cause the Trump supporters already shown how violent they are. And if you're using the market as an indicator, it shows a Biden win.
Ain't no one fighting you
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't understand why TSLA hasn't been getting love lately in this sub. I actually think I see more bears than bulls on TSLA recently here. Have you forgotten papa Musk's capabilities?
I think average size is 5&3/4. So I see your humble brag.
Always has been. And Camden is the burnt out ruins that neither side wants to take over as territory.
Uneducated people will believe anything if it’s easy to comprehend, even if the actual issue is substantially more complex. 

Manufacturing jobs left the US, Trump blames China alone as the problem because they steal US tech. People believe it and rally around a common threat. Never mind the fact that it’s US companies who started the offshoring.
as someone who was alive and of age in 2000, prepare for a bunch of dork ass lawyers who should've been bullied more to decide the future of this country over the next six weeks. god damned nerds.
Oh I don't think the super gays are gonna be the problem. Bears gonna be at home posting here either way.
what the fuck are all of this numbers? do you really think i can read? just put a picture of what i need to buy and call it a day.
I bought some today as a hedge and I am happy to let them expire worthless if it means we run higher
Sorry I am confused but are you saying the Put to call ratio on Fri was similar to what it was on Jun 10 and Sep 1?

Or is it the opposite?
Shitcoins have started to dive. That's usually a prelude to stocks dropping.
Welcome to taco bell your total is $17.90
I have always driven SUV's and coupes as well as my family. In Canada weather is kinda rough on cars so I never wanted a Model X not because it wasn't beautiful but because id feel bad driving it in Canada. When tesla released the cybertruck, it was like Elon knew what I wanted before I knew what I wanted.
I’m 2-6, lost 4 times by 1 point, played against locket last week, played against metcalf this week. At this point I’m just laughing
So I know I have puts and gloom and doom makes me make money. But guys, since y’all my brethren for sticking it this far, stay safe, don’t die please. Thanks
Damn bro MSM got you brainwashed real good.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't even need to look at futures to know they are fading. The endless low-effort bullspam has stopped
Why Google puts. Why
Philly is a Warzone...
I prefer orange crush not IV crush
No u
After 2016 you actually believe the polls lmao
Because of 2016. I live near portland though so my perspective may be skewed. All the violent liberals said they were moving to Canada so maybe there would be no problems this year. 

Plus Trump isn't winning this one.
[deleted]
Check trafalgar poll not fake news. Sorry for your loss.
You got em riiight where you want em
Landslide victory. Puts on VXX. Calling it now.
It’s called being delta neutral. Anyone who’s smart tries to play this strategy.
That contract premium tho, god damn.
Can you translate that
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
you new here?
I’m 8-0 in my fantasy money league, I’m crushing these fools. Only if my options trades would translate the same way
[deleted]
I love fish filet from McDonald’s. Sue me
Haha, yep! 🤣🤣
ThETa GaNG aBsoLUTely AdORes BraINLets LIke YoU. 

Hahahahah go fuck a duck
If it’s to the comment section you’re a sick fuck, if it’s loss porn you’re normal
18 living with mom?
Nah, unless you plan on getting on the subway after 2am
Lool why is that
Lets get it 😤
Joey Diaz
Fisker is ghey, puts on fisker
He'll sure try to.
Conspiracy theory: We are being inversed to manipulate the market: if you want to manipulate the market into being green, why would you pump money into the most expensive thing that everyone else expects the money to go to? You can make much more impact by lifting the $10 stocks to $11, instead of lifting a $110 stock to $111. Plus, you have all of us helping to hold tech steady, because we only think short term. This is especially true, if institutional traders know that one day, the travel stocks will go up, and they want to diversify out of the big tech potential bubble. With that being true, why not take advantage of the extra benefit of boosting stocks now, which helps burn retail puts.
Philly burned down their city when the Eagles won. I don't think protecting against the inevitable is a good predictor of who will win.
40% of what people’s portfolios?
When the fuck did shepard go to cnbc?
Biden wins in a landslide.
You haven’t lived
While The Mango Man, speaks the truth

Losers like Lebrun, will cry in a booth

Lucky the man is, that he is tall

If that were not so, he wouldn’t be useful at all
220P was reference for March crash you sweet summer child
absolutely not, there is so much more influential shit going on right now that some silly event, that is not even apple/iphone day, will not make much of a difference
Depends
[deleted]
What’s driving the $20 drop in the last month? Can’t be the secondary offering alone. Who decided the lockup expires just before the secondary? Marketing expenses are off the charts. 

If they can’t turn things around, management changes are next - shareholders are not happy. The founders have no senior executive experience managing a publicly held company @ they are puppets to venture capitalists and greedy board members. 

CFO came from Bain — what did he have to offer? Time to bring in the pros if earnings (expect a loss as planned) tank the stock further. This is not working At ALL.
remember 2016 when Hillary had a 90% chance of winning lmfao
Lolol your doomed. I don’t know how you ever have that much money. Your the definition of dumb money
Mexico city
[deleted]
https://youtu.be/wDYNVH0U3cs
New game plan...

I’m going to ride Nio up to $50, then sell and throw everything into TDOC
[deleted]
Why would someone not buy AMD at 74? Wtf
[removed]
Polls that are run by bias media that want Biden to win🤣🤣...yeah, those aren’t worth the shit of my toilet paper
[deleted]
110k and no 2fa wtf.
This 1000
The new Watchdogs game is whats about to happen in 2 days in real life.
Not sayin I had to extend the time on some credit spreads, but I had to extend the time on some credit spreads
Nah actually, short squeeze probably due to bankruptcy
Did you just assume her gender?
If you are a tough guy, short AMC at these levels. Easy money, right?
I stronglyyyyyy doubt that we’re going to drop violently if we drop, it’ll be a slow decline from here on out
Anyone in GMHI? It’s looking solid now that the hypes died down some, I might get in tomorrow
I have shares and I’ve kissed my omens goodbye
Hahaha ha thats good man, I love this sub 🤣
I guess I'm just retarded
First few weeks why I waited on my home gym, yes. I legit gained like 15lbs in 3 weeks. The drinking during covid is just out of boredom. Just find something else to do. Hopefully something that gets you moving.
Gone all in on spy 12/02 342 calls

Belief ya been reinstalled that nothing can crash this market, and after election jitters as long as we have certainty and it isn’t incredibly drawn out smart money will be bullish either way

Profit taking season is all but over
My wife put childproof locks on the fridge, anyone know how to work them? Been at it for hours
10% is good enough for me
Tomorrow can’t come soon enough, either it will be insane misery/anger or insane joy for either side
The greenest most beautiful dildo is about to make you yodel a different tune
[deleted]
Damn you can tell Donnie is going to win again. Dem cities boarding up their shit already. The market staying green.
Hahhah
When I want to jerk it I just go to wsb now
Should I not take the subway home tomorrow night after drinking at my friends in NYC?  like is that actually something I should be worried about. Cause that’s super gay if so
Yup
Like 9 maybe hehe. But honestly, we still down ytd
Watch election day/this week won't move the market more than 2%, VIX dies and we are all screwed.
And here I am, a little bear-curious and sweating my stack of $307p.
Ahh yes, the gambler that bets every paycheck on FDs. Did that for about a month and tapped out
Yeah, I think 🍊will win tbh, but Biden is a lot more popular than Hillary. 🍊is not as exciting as he was in 2016, and it was close then
Trump
[removed]
VXX calls on the most priced-in event in history was a dumb trade
[deleted]
*Reddit has a 2 hour delay to fetch comments, or you can manually create a reminder on Reminddit.*

**acoupleoftravels** , kminder in **6 months** on [**2021-05-03 01:45:23Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2021-05-03 01:45:23Z&reminder_id=dd70b5c152d74ff6821d4598ec3d7daf&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: What_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_03_2020**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmv1ax/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_03_2020/gaylqx9/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202021-05-03T01%3A45%3A23%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjmv1ax%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_03_2020%2Fgaylqx9%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 1 reminder.

^(OP can )[^(**Set timezone, Add email notification, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2021-05-03 01:45:23Z&reminder_id=dd70b5c152d74ff6821d4598ec3d7daf&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** For help, visit our subreddit r/reminddit!



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
LMAO then the big ass blue haired lady runs a 4.3 100 meter dash and tackles your ass.
[krampusnacht](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/news/2018/12/131217-krampus-christmas-santa-devil/)
Tricerococks
JB
Bimp
[removed]
Did he really? Seriously curious
Biden. 90% or so chance based on polls. Good enough for me
[deleted]
USA! USA!
pants with built in underwear KEKW
Yes
[deleted]
Finally the man with the real answer.
A good 7 layer dip
Definitely don’t listen to this nonsense fuck a rubber ducky and watch your step dad get a sucky sucky from your girlfriend
Hot
Tomorrow is gonna be even sweeter and funnier than 2016 watching all these people have a meltdown.
Lmao betting against the polls that say biden has a 90% chance. Nice
Biden
Anyone know Elizabeth from brisards Brothers office?
Theta gang absolutely adores brainlets like you. 

Geez how long does it take for some of you to catch a trend?
Biden
Another 100K expected to die by Jan
AMC posted 900 million loss. 1.5p 11/20?
Tell that to hertz which is now delisted. And in a few months to AMC which has already announced bankruptcy is on the table.
E z money
Look to J Pow’s coming at first light on the fifth day. At dawn, look to the east
not true.

in 2008 DST was extended by a full month. those extra 4 weeks save about 1.3 trillion watt hours.

we definitely still save energy because of DST. 

however.. the issues comes down to which areas. because some states will save money and its possible others will waste more. due to heating and cooling aspects. but overall countrywide studies have shown a savings. a study in indiana saw a rise, california saw no difference, but some places like Michigan where heating in winter months but the extra hour of daylight comes in handy to keep the lights off for longer. its all relative and we should probably have region specific timezones rather than the time zones we have created by railroads lol
5 days gets you there. There is no coming back
Maybe run for office?
australian cb trying to copy JPOW ?
This will just be full of downvoted comments because both sides are incredibly retarded
You gotta look at their methods, there's just some populations that will be chronically underrepresented and it all depends on turnout too
Don't worry, the obnoxious boxey pos design is fundamental to the engineering of the truck. That is what gives it the structural integrity without needing a body frame, and also keeps the price low, cause it can be cold pressed from basically a single peice of steel.
What’s the payout?
NIO is on the 17th and baba is on the 5th
Puts on NVDA, still can’t get a 3080. Fuck them.
Biden W
Put to Call ratio on Friday was the highest its been since the March crash. It's still high at close today. (Friday: 0.77, Today: 0.62)  
  
https://ycharts.com/indicators/cboe_equity_put_call_ratio  
  
June 10 (the airlines, casinos, cruises bubble) and September 1 (the tech and stocks being split bubble) had so much bullish sentiment but we just dropped violently.  
  
I feel we will see such a day this week. Hard to time it, ugh!
Just a pussy with a yolo in USD.
Balls of steel
[deleted]
because you put a question mark
I think we should Mod her. All in favor say AYE.
watch boiler room
While Biden is the one, you want to win

He can’t wait to unzip his pants, and cum on your chin

Tomorrow will be ugly, we could all use a coupon

But don’t forget, Joe is paid by Wuhan
[removed]
Obviously I’m not talking about right now...
trying a nuanced comment in wsb is completely on you, bud
Joey B
Don't worry, college will be free, and debts will be forgiven in 2021.
That 401k life
Oh the probably are eventually. Their rise in to October was just too good though.
$5000 on Trump, fuck what you cucks think
You’re not fuck, but you are fucked.
You’re about 300 days too late there buckaroo.
Sir this is a casino
Gl bro you got one big retarded dick
[deleted]
Been going to Costco lately and the oled TVs are hnnnngggghhhhh
Philly has been boarded up for a week now
My VXX calls that I’ve been holding since last Friday are screaming in agony
I was hoping Pawnee
Dr. Steve Brule?
What a lookieme lookieme noob taughting his no gains on the year and I'm sidelines stance.
Lmao. Chill with ur doom, look at actual stats, job losses are rebounding heavily, economic data is 5% off last year (GDP) we just had record manufacturing rebound the last 2 months,

How many puts did you buy? Be honest.
please keep that triangle design
I also bought 25 105p 11/20 on DNKN as a lotto-ticket. Probably won't pay off, but if it drops even 5% they're gonna turn to gold.

It's at 105.8 right now, and they were only $0.25 per
Sleepy. I don't even trust his ass but I think electoral college is gonna go with sleepy.

Plus I got ACB calls that I want to print
I’m pretty good at chicken tho. Never pussy out
Greed left me with +4 bucks to buy some cheeseburgers for me self 😓
It’s absolutely for this. Trumpers don’t do that
market is fake and gay
JPow smack my ass like a 🥁👋🍑
This was a huge problem in 2016 but they say they’ve accounted for this in 2020. We’ll see tomorrow whether this is true.
they need to go back to vice city
I’ll be damned if the bear shows his claws tmo
As am I. Have faith
https://nochewingallowed.com/

You can thank me later. This is the hot chocolate king.🤴
Only if you plan to sell it on the 9th.

But to very honest, I wouldn’t buy calls on any tech stock right now.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Biden
Betting on Uber before CA prop 22 results are final? Idk man
I don’t understand how you can see the covid crisis and think any of it is okay for the economy or the market or people
Why are you talking?
Been that way for a hot minute
Sir that is about stocks,  not stonks
Me
Everyone bearish so fade and go bull
The market
So wtf is happening? I got Google puts and INO calls? Am I fuck????
[removed]
https://youtu.be/HcXu4_K1tMQ
Gender reveal?
been on wsb for 5 years so this ain’t my first rodeo, I only lost everything I made during the summer 

if you say anything slightly pessimistic over there on that other sub they downvote you to hell
#HAIRY PROSTITUTES
So short the shares
All news is. I only get my news from wsb. Only trusted source left
⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬅️➡️⬅️➡️
Why was DGLY up so much today? 

Time to get in for a run?
agreed
[deleted]
Swiss Meth
As long as you self loathe afterward then it's not
How the hell is VIX RED right now.
Trump
SPY 340C 11/4 printing baby, UP UP UP 🚀🚀🚀
I’ll help vote up everyone.
Canada 100% of the time. 

I'm not selling my house personally. I bought in at ideal timing, I'm already up like 80k.
this reminds me of that jian yang’s new fridge Silicon Valley episode
Lmao small tip for you idiots - don’t listen to this stupid fuck a duck. You do what makes you happy. This guy is just as stupid as all the other shrills
What charts are you looking at? SPY is up 7.7% YoY which is extremely normal
You’re gonna be pissed when it jams and he smiles knowingly.
Portland hippies would riot. 

Gotta admit I’d get hard for the opportunity to jack a late model civic covered in stickers from a blue haired pierced freak.
Nov. 17th.
I bought calls... but on thursday, not friday. Still down.
I wanted to go in on UVXY puts for 11/6 but the premiums were pricing in a 15% drop lol
They never go up after the event. Only rally before the event. Def won’t go up to 130.
I use the data from think or swim
down
Sneaky way to get free karma. So I’ll vote up on my own comment.
[removed]
True, although up to you to guess which side of options so you don't get screwed when the music stops. You can probably sell INTC options or something forever though.
Ammoseek.com is the move. Still finding 9mm .48c a round and .223 for cheap as well.
Ya motha
Yea look a the market. Down how much now? It’s going to affect the markets no matter what. Loss of revenue and jobs imminent
My boy

Edit: excuse me what the fuck
[deleted]
PlayStation 5 got me buying OLED TV's and shit. Calls on SNE
Nobody has ever heard of Portland. People all over the world know California and New York.
Anything over about 150-200mg given no tolerance will probably do you in. IV for max effects.
Get better meth
NVDA a long position at 475?
that unshakable feeling is grief due to loss

loss of money, loss of time, loss of people, loss of control, loss of health, etc.
[deleted]
Watch the China hustle
just forget all about it and never think about it again, trust me, goes for everything
Advisor at one of the big firms, I wish this were true. Nose goes on a margin call.
I wonder if these "wait for reality people" actually want more death and chaos. They seem so negative and angry all the time.
Should have sold on September 15th

You only lose when you quit.
We should test the covid vaccines on people who believe in "priced in"
Its gonna be flat after the rollercoaster swing of +/- 5%
I pray you are right, my tendies depend on it
I’m a veteran investor and I can, for 100% certainly, say that the stock market will go >!right!<
Yeah even though it’s a little cancerous because of elections and some of the recent tards, it’s miles better than anything on this site
Riots and looting over the new spokesperson for the USA company. 

Lol
Trump
And yet markets continue to go up, and it’s not like it’s unwarranted fully. Especially in the S&p500 companies. p/E isn’t in a bubble 

Look at earnings
What If Stocks Don't Always Go Up? Advice for Millennials

&#x200B;

[https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2020-10-31/personal-finance-what-if-stocks-don-t-always-go-up-advice-for-young-investors](https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2020-10-31/personal-finance-what-if-stocks-don-t-always-go-up-advice-for-young-investors)
That’s a lot of buyin power fuck
I vote Bangkok
Wildest charts are forming these days
oh i see
I'm looking forward to a long and protracted special counsel investigation of hunter biden. It'll be a great waste of time and money.
I see massive turbulence and a disputed election. So tanking Market. 

But the last couple of times I thought we got bad news the market shot up. So idk anymore.
Will Trump or Biden win? Correct answers all get gold.
[removed]
Even I know this will go tits up
Nov 17
If you feel bad about losing money just know that T-Pain went from $40million to $0 because of bad investments
Tim Apple will announce he’s been Steve in bad drag all these years!
Depend on who rules the thermostat.
I’m holding out for Scranton.
Go to a spice store, it's expensive but luxurious. Sometimes they only sell powder and no packets but worth a shot
Telling?
Yeah, its not the liberals. Its the nutty ass right wing militia's that everyone's afraid of
just gonna buy some weed
I thought the world will end in March, but then in April, AAL thought me that an airline can go up 100% in the middle of the pandemic. This time, I won't be fooled. Bankruptcy stories won't scare me. We are talking billion dollar companies, not some local bar in your neighborhood. Big guys don't go bankrupt so easily.
Ooh burn 🔥
Good to know.  Shits all rigged
Fucking brilliant mate
Bruh where did you get a phone that big? And why tf is it in your fridge?
No no. You have it set to mambo. You gotta flip it over and set it to wambo.
Hey! Came across your post from a few months ago. Are you still into day trading? Were you able to keep up the P/L?
Look at the screenshot again, his breakeven price was $686... these were way OTM.
tonight is kinda like the night before Christmas if Christmas was fucking terrible
Small tip for you idiots still buying calls on tech. Notice how it’s lagging behind in the futures, and red on days when the rest f the market goes up. 

Take the hint retards. 

Techie massively over inflated. Most of them are not just all-time but are double/triple what they were before lockdown. There’s no way else to go. 

Whatever you do, don’t buy that shit. Fuck... buying Hertz instead would  make more sense
Bulls blew up their account. They're the ones who always made retard bets
No
Moving where?
Just stop doing it and you'll get there.
Ban & report for your lame attempt at racist commentary.
Seems light TBH
Asian parents reuse all types of plastics like them plastic garbage bags with the thank you smiley face on it
Yup and a lot of the sell off was LVGO dummies cashing out
I'm balls deep in vxx. Fuck.
I’m just a business man doing business.
[removed]
You’re just Griffith from berserk
Yeah the truck in that picture looks like it’s for someone with a super small dick while the original cybertruck is like wtf is this?

I went from never thinking I’d get a truck in my life to preordering it at first sight
I’m with you, buddy.
Alright can someone tell me if it’s a good idea to buy a bunch of $130 11/13 $AAPL calls? I think they’ll go up after whatever event they have on the 10th and break out.
Idc where the next GTA game takes place just not places like California and New York for the hundredth time. Portland would be insane.
I’ll do 5 to be safe
Ahh I see, that’s kinda bullshit the financial transactions tax
235k people not paying taxes or contributing to economy not a good look IMO
Anyone got recommendations on the best packet hot chocolate? Always use the starbucks double chocolate one
More like lose in fees
Big short is the gayest movie ever and I love it
Honestly this is the only good subreddit anymore
[deleted]
About 3 meths
My mom's basement doesn't have windows
No thanks. I don’t like you that way.
Gotcha, so it's like prison gay. It dont count.
Nor his parents
Matters a bit but no one I know is talking about civil war and shit. People talk about moving.
Jesus when did CNN start reading like the Huffington Post? Opened it after years and it’s garbage
Whatever works for you but I like the opportunity to hit a thicc 10bagger
fuck your puts🖕
Probably 3 or 4
Positions or ban!
[deleted]
Snowball (SBAL)
Baidu
There's a lot of missing demographics in polls. It's not intentional, but if you look at many of the national polls their n is like 1000 or so. Sample distribution looks good but many factions that will vote will not answer a polling call, and most of that group supports Trump according to 2016 data.
I'm either buying $50k of VXX 11/20 $30c tomorrow or staying cash. Will see how things feel during the day.
Harris has talked about a capital gains tax and financial transactions tax.
From what I’ve read they made a massive wager against DKNG a few months ago and have obviously made a shit ton of money off the trade.  Allegedly they were going to short it down to $30 but maybe they are done now
nasdaq back at 11,111.11 again for the zillionth time 💀
[deleted]
Find one single riot tomorrow by people on the right
It’s DC. It’s just prudent here. City is going to be on fire tomorrow night.
I’m going to call the police, Karen style, on the DOW and S&P500 futures. 

This isn’t okay.
Declare a civil war.
[deleted]
when do they report earnigns?
Yes
Tomorrow will open green, probably 1% with some huge green dildos. Bulls will load with calls. Then at 9:50-10:00 am the dump will begin with occasional small $1 green dildos. By the time it's 3:50 pm we will be down by at least 3%
How much meth do I need to take to meet the devil permanently
Or is it a triple bottom!?!?!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Capital gains 😂😂😂
Well, market makers will be content to keep whistling past the graveyard even as it fills up
That’s bullish AF
Hell no
Lockdown was in full swing mid March - April and we got the most face ripping rally of all time lmao.

Lots of doom and gloom. I can pinpoint thousands of comments like what you just said “just wait for reality to kick in”

....

I thought we were talking about the markets?
Give DD on those chances pls
I’ll take those odds
[deleted]
Sounds like... calls on blockbuster?
I once met a loser, that wanted UBI

He beat his little dick, till he had a UTI

But Atleast he now has money to spend

Because he couldn’t make it himself, the END
I have this thing in my head where I think I'm better than every guy
Lolol
I have that same fridge, why didn’t I think of this
Oof
Is Mike Hock here?
They meaningfully stopped months ago. This was just Nancy and Mitch saying fuck your puts and then fuck your calls..
[deleted]
Yeah but add 100 year event + 4 year event + historical 100 year crazy election = 204

I don’t what that means but it sounds bad.
calls on plywood
Y-M-C-A
DOWN

🛩🔥
[removed]
Not bad advice, recently this market feels like a game of poker where you're always trying to read one level deeper vs. your opponent...never know when the back and forth will end. I'm happy to have the lion's share of my portfolio in shares that i know will pay out over time. [ATHX](http://www.reddit.com/r/ATHX) will be my savior next year and the fact that it's NEVER talked about here just reinforces my conviction. Highly recommend checking them out. Do your own DD and make your own opinion, but I manufactured for them and I'm 100% sold on the science and the human impact.
Ok maybe not $60, how about $40?
[deleted]
Was going to suggest pretzel chips
I also enjoy triple toppy.
Vaccines cause autism so that means there'll be more of us.
DOW leading

Revenge of the Boomers.
You guys still have jobs?
VSTO for an ammo play
I'll be wearing my work clothes. Scrubs to take care of retards. Which may or may be you.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO $40 This Month!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn2bbi
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn2bbi) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Firecycle114, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
spreadsgetyouhead
quiveringmass
SPACingForALoan
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Everything this sub touch turns to shit. Remember Vale, Fasly and Snow?
Yeah I would personally hold. I was about  $3,000 down on fb but then it randomly “ pumped” b/c of snap earnings and I ended up selling for a +$2,000 profit.
depends on if there's a mass shooting at a polling location...
Weekends are basically cash gang now. Holding over the weekend is just a game of chicken at this point
Hey reddit and twitter GET YOUR LIFE JACKETS ON BOYS.
5.56 is more than $1 a round where I'm at. I shoulda bought ammo futures.
It’s definitely for when joe wins and all mangos crazy gun toting supporters who refuse to believe he lost take to the streets
Did they absorb livongo yet
Old Navy: "just take it"
Good play, for sure will smesh, but your stats...

20% chance Biden wins*
80% chance Trump wins* 

Dah fook atta heah wit dat Libalogny
Called a brain, and seems to be functioning properly
Biden win costs $.64. Easy 50% gain
Is it really gay if you are sucking dick behind your local Wendy's if you use the money for calls?
And what happened in March?

Edit: in fact what the fuck happened all this year? Have you been living under a rock? 235k Americans dead
Idk, maybe glock
Christ. Who would of thought that it was social media and ignorance that was going to be the downfall of humanity?
it's either or at this point
Declare war???
Oh shit
Anyone think TDOC can double in the next year?
Yeah that sleepy fuck couldn’t stem out of his basement for past few weeks, probably dead by now might no need of election
Calls on NIO before earnings I’m bout to throw my 2nd mortgage in to it and baba calls
Don’t forget the s’more shnapps
Decay will kill ya.
[deleted]
Still have 22k fuck off
It's easy when you're good
Can't be called if you turn off your phone.
Yeah, gotta do some research, find the least safe muscle car so I make sure I don’t live
Tom Lee for mod 2020 🇺🇲
That’s what you said in April

2 weeks to flatten the reality
I was surprised to sleepy joey in the lead in florida
So stimulus talks just stopped outta nowhere? People need Gucci shirts to provide for their families.
Did Biden talk about raising it??? I know he is raising the marginal tax rate if he wins.
Shotgun!
Cereal AND Isphaghol! Your shits must be Epic.
Solar edge
This is ridiculous
I get what you’re saying but the risk is still high. All of the companies you listed are at risk of bankruptcy before business returns to normal. And even then, they’re leveraged up to their tits. Loans that will need to be paid back with interest. That’s going to hurt earnings for years to come. The recovery isn’t going to be as smooth as you’re making it out to be.

With that being said, anyone would be dumb not to own some safeish airline stocks. Most are still 35-40% down from pre-lockdown.
The cake is a lie.
To the moon!!!
No. But smoke so much weed that I don't get high anymore. Got a bottle of wild turkey in the kitchen. Gonna crack it open n watch the show tomoro
[deleted]
in downtown philly, literally every store except GAP and Old Navy are boarded up.
He will tank Raytheon down to $2
Do you know how fractional reserve banking works? Or the impact of interest rates in consumption demand?
[removed]
At least 1, maybe 2
just realized I haven't seen any ban bets in a loooong time
Election isn’t the biggest price mover. Sure if things don’t get resolved tomorrow it’ll tank the market. HOWEVER: 100 year event > 4 year event. Covid on the rise, shutdowns in Massachusetts now. When the world focuses away from the election, reality is going to hit hard
So many people are going to lose money on dumb election dd
I have my cash ready.
They don’t call’em Beijing Biden for now reason
You would have to be retarded to buy 220P.
I have this thing in my head where I think every guy is better than me
You're going to drive off a cliff?
If he loses I don’t think there’s much he can directly do aside from trade deals that’ll fuck the market.
Turn it down a few degrees
Little Debbie’s and Hostess
buffalo chips
327? Nah 337
Keep it, it’s pretty funny
A statistic is a statistic
Is this a Russian bot account
controversial but you have a solid point
Hopefully I get one more hill at least
No but the market will tank when people yank their money out to avoid capital gain taxes
Carhartt jacket, sweat pants, and Nike sb dunks
[deleted]
🚀🚀🚀
For calls you think, is where the money is at

We are all in this mess, because of a bat

Though I don’t give a fuk, and don’t wear a mask

Make sure there’s plenty of GLD, placed on my cask
Mr Smith goes to Washington, coming to America, To kill a mockingbird, War Games, High Noon. The classics.

Just inverse Adam Sandler and you will find some good shit.
[removed]
Lol are you not seeing how weak it is? Remind me
Straddle that shit because it's definitely not staying. Either way, I'm gonna show op's mom my vinegar face.
This Retard makes sense ...... $dal $60 calls next summer
I'm still DCA' ing my  220p I've been very successful at Bringing  my value down
now join the theta gang before you lose it all
Impossible premise. Mango won’t believe he lost.
I'm using paper because plywood is too expensive
How much?
Calls on MSFT. 

ZM is Gyyna, so I expect American Terrorist cells to use Teams.
What are some tickers for companies that make glass? I want a good laugh
Nice. My girlfriend and I just bought a house in Petworth. 

I’ve been bagholding apl calls for a couple weeks. Recently bought a few March/April calls on Rkt, Slv, and Sol and a couple DGLY calls for 11/20. Maybe we could set up a monthly bag holders anonymous meeting or something haha.
No
[removed]
That's my favorite number! What does it mean 👀
DOW 234 little baby gains on boomer stocks.
You colorblind?
You for real? Do I really need to put a “/s” or something? I thought it was pretty straight forward. 

No, I’m not triggered.  I can’t imagine a scenario where the opinions of strangers on a subreddit that embraces degeneracy has any affect on my actual life.
I can't escape my children without completely hanging my wife out to dry. Alcohol is the only reliable escape for a "break" in the evening.
All month. When I fart. I think of you. This month when I fart
Skeet mutherfucking skeet.  Yum.
Ah the puzzle
Yup. Is it because if trump wins all hell is gonna break loose?
Yes
Is it normal to keep the heat on overnight?
Bearish reversal off of resistance at intraday high

for the love of god please hold and send us back to 327
wsb sentiment
I just checked my account and it’s true. Laughed at this comment. Bless you
Get your tendies, autists
Trust me. High cap of 333 low end of 324 into tomorrow. UVXY at 40. Screenshot this.
[removed]
https://i.imgur.com/wewQWTD.jpg

Most of my city looks like this.
If mango man loses.. do you guys think he will tank the market to spite us???
Put some Nutella on it. Everything tastes better with Nutella.
TDOC AYI SNE
So you were that nerd I saw every afternoon when commuting was still a thing.
its called banana cream want me to give you some?
No.
There's a 70% chance they won't be able to call the race tomorrow and none of that happens. And the other 30% is Trump claiming victory since a vast majority of the millions of mail in votes will be Biden and won't be counted by EOD tomorrow
Probably seen it ten times by now lmao
👌
McRib coming back you fucking autist
What we wearing?
Cool!
To be fair, they're not gonna be pissed tomorrow or the day after. Only if it's protracted debate about whose vote gets invalidated, what gets recounted, which appeals court in which state, etc. Death by a thousand cuts maybe?

But no I don't think unrest will be any worse that police protesting was
you the only new yorker with internet?
I know several pussies who have been out of the market since the last election.  Huge mistake.
Been priced in
Bears fuk?
Ooooh double tops so scary

/s
oh misread. i thought this sub were the clowns. i mean we are.. but yeah
Anyone boarding up windows in your town?
They can't move US index by any significant percentage
Could be good but I hate salmon. But cheez its are 🔥🔥🔥
Stonks
Might take out a student loan, buy a muscle car, and then pull a Thelma and Louise
Garlic parm pretzel chips with spicy humus
Meaning someone was willing to sell them at a lower than market value (approximately "last price$"?
I'm all cash, are we really going up???
Farc
almonds

apples

dried squid
Any currency experts here? I’m trying to understand why the movement yuan is a “Biden” play. The move is very interesting knowing how regulated the currency is by PBOC. It’s up 8% since May and the IV has spiked up overnight.
He's the owner, so I imagine a lot.
If I limit myself to 4 beers I’ve accomplished something
[removed]
[deleted]
Cash
[deleted]
I actually forced myself to quit for a month back in August because I was drinking way more than usual. Ramped up working out and running, started eating healthier. Now I drink a glass of wine here and there and I feel better every single day..
What 's wrong with it?
Only way we crash is if we break past 322, if we get back to 350 it might be the start of the crash but the only way a real crash comes is breaking that resistance
Fuck. That sounds good.
🧑‍🍳
Only time I used it was as a trial to watch a new episode of R&M. It reminded me to cancel before it billed me again. I can respect that and I wish it didn’t make me want to buy puts
Already laid out my civil war fit for tomorrow
Bag holding: PINS 11/20 62C, purchased on Friday. Paid way too much but looks like it’s about to run and I have time 

Opening positions today: SPOT 11/6 230C near lows today. 

My scalp watchlist for tmrw: NVDA, SNAP, Broku, and BABA. 

Theta gang watchlist: Selling some Sue Bae Puts to the poors
Chili Roasted Pistachios are pretty good and you don’t eat 6 bags like other chips p
Calls on ll
because they're easily manipulated
You have more time to be right and cut your losses I guess, I only do weeklies
Apple needs to make a fridge
I am dead lol now
You DO only live once. Might as well say fuck it and and this bitch right here. Right now.
R u talking about when he buys assets from the banks, and credits their reserves at the FED? How does that lead to inflation? Other than everyone believing it does.
I will take that. I made money from both SPY calls and puts today
You'll be a soldier
Make spy 358 again
This is the way.
Cheez Its and Smoked Salmon cream cheese dip
Uncertainty.
[deleted]
Went on amazon and bought Joe Biden merch and sold it in nyc 4x it’s price. 

money isn’t blue or red it’s green 🤑
Ok, so imagine thinking we are going to drill tomorrow
Why don’t we have banana juice?
I mean Ohio’s been fucking American elections for decades now. Here’s a chance to make it right.
this is DD i neeeded... thank you
Metal Militia stand up
BOO YAHHHHH
Wait for that break out confirmation + earnings run up & imo overall a good growth stock for leaps & shares! Premiums also high for cash secured calls.
I am currently making post-lockdown plays. Smart money is pulling out of all lockdown stocks and I am holding puts along the way.
As a conservative I agree that people are going nuts lol
You’re one big play from breaking even
🙋‍♂️. Not phased by these fake love volume pumps.
Scare tactics to get people to turn out and vote
Your mom is getting her pussy eaten by her son, no text coming to save you from that
What makes you say that?
Where do you live?

I live in DC and this town is 100% going to be a war zone tomorrow night.  

Roads are already closed, government buildings barricaded, all the shops are boarded up.
1. Pick a finger 
2. Stick it in your butt
3. Take that finger
4.  Type [stockwits.com](https://stockwits.com) and type in your ticker

This is the way.
[removed]
[deleted]
Businesses in all the big cities are boarding up their windows bro.
S&P is a band of gutless morons. But they’ll add $TSLA right after or leading into the election. Never has there been so much excess demand over supply of any single name to have ever entered the index.  On top of that they’re about to solidify that the beta of FSD that’s out will be wide release this Q, dropping a massive net income present off for us. 

There’s about 5-6 other catalysts coming but these two are very imminent.
How much money is mint mobile paying Ryan Reynolds to do these tacky ads
You’d think this shitty fuck would be tired and happy to step down. A man can only take so much making fun of by the entire world.
Yup, this election really does not matter lol
Bovada
Uhhh yeaa ngghhhh thats nice
Tomato basil wheat thins and Red Pepper hummus
\*yawn\* New Mac's won't have INTC chip
I’m in this post and I don’t like it
[deleted]
Euros yoloing that new ecb stimmy on the us markets
Bullish
if you want to make consistent gains, start playing credit spreads.
Uninstall the app
Stocks ain’t working out, school ain’t working out, I guess military here I come. 🤪
Then we do a backflip.
Well this has been a disappointing day... about stack more losses on losses based on current futures
price movement literally doesn’t matter right now

nobody knows dip
BABA
Anyone else get spce weeklies?  I know earnings are tanking but spce may be an anomaly
Oh shit. I laughed so hard at this. Thank you sincerely
I agree. I am a conservative but I appreciate Bernie’s authenticity. He would’ve been a good match for Donnie. I don’t think Biden is good enough IMO. Bernie is better.
Alex, what is a mortgage backed security for $500?
Bears you have 5 hours to surrender
I would legit tell her she smells and I’m not going down on her. Fuck her feelings
So what are they saying?
Or. Or. Buy leaps and leave the position in 2-3 days, and set a stop @ 10-15%
What’s a good snack food I should try?

Been hitting chicharones for a couple of years. Need something new.  

Give me something new - Doritos, Cheetos, etc are played out.
The ones that aren't fat and lazy are usually chill as hell and doing fucking fine.
I think, roughly, I'll make more money than half of you tomorrow/Wednesday.... $0.

cash gang
Will be looking into small LEAPS positions tomorrow depending on volatility. 

DKNG has paid out handsomely for me in the past!
No kidding. 

No changes to my function, but an average of 2 bottles of beer 5 nights a week has become 4 beer almost every night, and often a double gin & tonic. 

I don't think I'm alone in this.
ES topping out at 3325 on the dot
Don't think TA has anything to do with how the market moves this week.
Still up.
[deleted]
Mango fucking with us until he leaves
Load up on PTON puts if it’s another green or flat day.
Cosmo? I like his standup.
Dumbest fucking comment of the night. Congrats!
kids?
Florida goes blue its Biden, goes red it's a contested election and markets going to shit.
Who’s loaded with UVXY calls for tomorrow
Imagine thinking we were drilling.
Of course he's retarded he's betting against me. I'm betting 8k that ACB goes up.
[deleted]
Ban.
MACD pretty fuckin high son. Stock is overbought so expect a pullback before you go in on FD’s
It was a terrorist plot born from frustration with lockdowns. That is a non-partisan issue. 

I personally do not know a single person that thinks Whitmer stayed within reason in MI. Not saying she should be kidnapped, but she did act like a total bitch
That’s what they want you to think so you’re not watching the drop on Tuesday when everybody’s at the polls
You ever about to go down on a girl and her pussy smell like some sardines so you kiss her hip and go back up while telling her to close her eyes so you can do that sexy thing just to hold your breath and pray to god your mom texts you to come home early?
To some people here that would be a win
Tech red by morning
You may be right, but one thing I know about this market is you can have the most obvious answer in front of you, everything adds up to one answer, direction is a for certain, and this fucking market will do the exact opposite. Careful out there, a lot of people are predicting a sell off and positioning themselves for it, but it might just inverse the masses and it wouldn’t be the first time, nor the last. 💪
[deleted]
We’re going to 350 before the rug pull aren’t we? Too many open puts that have to be expired worthless first
[deleted]
“I figured out what you guys are about” trades fake account ... I just hear this guys saying “bags of sand” and “me so horny, me so stupid” as he rides home on his bike
I’m around GTown. 

Holding short on NKLA. 

Calls on AAPL, AMD, and NIO.
Wow so poor people won’t be able to invest in the stock market?  This is huge
ZM 400P Exp 11/20
Well I’ve been getting crushed since FB got drilled. I paid 2200 US for it. Maybe I’ll hold and see what happens.
And stockwits
Alex Jones is that you?
Shot my shot. $SPY 290p 11/4
That's some serious DD
Everyone is bullish rn. Not a good sign. Majority never wins
It is real.   But you are limited to $800 per bet if I recall correctly.  The markets are definitely messed up.
[deleted]
Solid DD
Would be a perfect cap on 2020 I gotta say.
And anything to do with hospitality and travel.  And no, random 5% pumps on cruise lines don’t count.
Someone once told me they got out of the cycle of losses when they started trading only Leaps.

Like fam, leaps got me stuck in the cycle of losses and gains back in 2018. Long expiry ain’t no guarantee for gains. Sometimes it just means you lose more slowly.
Ungh, I love it when T&A supports my positions.
Yeah not sure I can stop at this point so just gonna keep going
Gotta read some zerohedge to get confidence in my bearish play tomorrow
Lol wish I had a VR headset
POWW go brrrrrrrr.
*or.

My bad. I meant if he wins one of those 3. If he gets one of those 3, chances are he got MI, WI, and PA.
Thanks. Good luck to you too
Comment of the hour
[deleted]
FOMO before you miss all the action, this is only beginning
Yes？
By the time dust settles all the permabulls will be at Wendy's
Contested election
If it can, tell me how?
what % of normies have the capability of comprehending backward induction?
No
If you get a chance check out VR porn
They have a name for Biden, but I’m not gonna say it. Should we say it? They’re calling him FATMAAN Biden
I second the motion! Ban!
[deleted]
A candidate every American can get behind
AMC trying to raise a ton of cash selling stock.
...but who amongst us hasn't found ourselves in that sitch?
Can I be honest with you guys?
Oh you’re solid! My call was around $3.5. Hbu?
 It was a pretty stupid lotto play. I broke all of my rules b/c I was excited after making some profit from other earnings
The big story of #45
So literally can’t go tits up?
Just sold my calls at -200
Yeah it was great for a while but I cut myself off. Woke up feeling like ass until I started drinking again
Yes. They have been processing and counting mail in ballots since the 12th. Florida will have all its results available tomorrow night.
I got canned twice so know the feeling. But it was bc I lacked any passion for the work and wasn’t billing as much. That said, only billable hours are respected. 

 Now I’m self employed and would never go back
These futures need to chill the fuck out
God speed brother. 🍻
So there’s a chance ?
Or become an entrepreneur and be your own boss. Working for someone else sucks.
I don’t know what that means
I mean R’s have been spending like drunken sailors. Debt has mooned under 🥭
I like how all the outlets that ran a story on the "S&P 500 election indicator" waited until Friday to talk about it

>S&P 500 was .08 percent lower from July 31 to Oct 30, therefore the incumbent loses

Just gotta ignore the fact that Thursday and Today make that incorrect I guess lol
This is what I hate, retards like you that sit on your fat ass all day browsing the catalogue waiting to respond to the OP first. I never get yous on this site no matter how hard I try so getting the first post is important. What if I have something constructive and/or informative to say but can't, because of assholes like you that have no decency or respect for others? Imagine getting off to taking that opportunity away from someone. I'm not even going to try to get through to you retards because it's the same thing no matter what board I'm on. Enjoy your "fpbp" responses, because that's literally all you have in your miserable fucking life. Fuck you, seriously.
..............pretty sure both sides are expecting riots if the other side wins. Are you implying that reb&dem don't both have decent, hard-working, law-abiding citizens....

Not even sure what side you're for. Only thing I can tell is: You=🐑
[removed]
Yep 30min MA crossover tonight
agree
it's a long night, but Judas has left a dagger in our back night after night at this point
Its about time to go from eating long johns to wearing long johns
So I can sell my liver on the black market multiple times? I'm seeing multiple yolos with no ability to lose money.
Winning plays for tmr?
Biden wins market up 

Trump wins market up 

So where is the problem???
Talking politics makes you triggered and other people are soft? What the fuck?
[deleted]
Yup
Live on pay per view tune into MOANN and hit \*69 on your remote to watch
Pog
I miss Loyalty and Honor and that kinda shit
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s stayed relatively flat over the week and still in the high 30’s. Tomorrow will be interesting
You want to make a 16yo day?
Make VIX great again... again
Amen
Yes, This but they won't we have Ralphie strength.
Indicators are pointing to a massive rally after tomorrow. It looks like last week was just pussies not wanting to be exposed to volatility. They'll get mad fomo once the dust settles.
It’s real money but subject to caps
I was about to comment about being glad the government wasn’t going to get my money. But then I remembered my losses are someone else’s capital gains.
Yea I’m still in it for the squeeze. I wouldn’t be worried about tomorrow but I have SDOW SQQQ and SPXS shares, which is gonna be rough
Actually true
"Everything is just a few hundred clicks away"

love it
This future is a nice set up for rug pull
Oh if OH goes Biden it's REAAAAAAAALY over. That would mean PA, AZ AND FL are likely a lock too.
There’s a case to be made
Why would you do this
Ban
God country mac, why are you so cool
[deleted]
covid loneliness will do that to you
the rare self-reflective 🌈🐻
Only trap you have seen is a chick with a dong.
GTFO
Not depressed anymore at least. Just surviving
Yes
Yes sir
Guess we will find out
We all get dum .Will see..still got one more month
Make America Brrrrrrrrr Again
[removed]
Future wizard checking in
Make Autism Great Again
YEP.
I’m pretty sure you’re my twin. What part of DC do you live in and what shorty positions do you hold?
Lovely story, I am tearing up

XLE 30c FDs
Have a downbote
Mybookie . ag
Nope. Living in a state with legal MJ has been great for my liver.
Does 10 years count?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I wish Jpow could’ve been president. The printer as his vice of course
I'd pay to see that
[deleted]
[deleted]
They won’t pick up :(
Very very important to remember! If Goldman Sachs says buy, then sell and if they say sell, then BUY, BUY, BUY!
Yep lotta newly minted twitter gurus
After elections: Jpow pow pow!
Election shenanigans say hi
seems like the market has been leading towards a biden win for a while. the polls are heavily in his favor and even with similar margin of error as  in 2016 he is still expected to win. but who knows he’s pulled off miracles before
[deleted]
We are right but early
Name checks out
Nothing will save the permabulls this time
3:1 odds someone wins and someone loses. Who will take it?
So more chop, basically what i hear is "keep selling options to schmucks"..
[deleted]
No. You fucking idiot you fucked up and should have spammed DNKN
FSR is like NKLA but instead of just drawing a car they when one step farther and just had someone build what they drew
Your dad’s anus
Nah, I’m married but thanks for the offer
for sure let’s go
What cheat code did you use to unlock green mode?  My stupid app is stuck in red mode for some reason...
[deleted]
Is it really a bank if she swallow?
Has anyone else found that they're drinking **a lot** more the past 8 months?

And like, just... not happy?
Even more awkward when that happens in a urinal
I m doing small options mostly 0dte.
Cramer got PINS right
And every time it is lol
Tell that to Oil and Bank stonks buddy
Exactly. That’s why I’m saying Kramer is better than most of the guys on CNBC. He also knows those picks are shit
Hey can I park my car in your Internal street?
I was aiming for pre earning runups or the day after earnings
You can’t stump the trump
faces of autism
Stand up and chop the log in half with your pee like a man
Printer 4 Prezident
Hey man , how you holding up
Yes
https://twitter.com/RodAlzmann/status/1323457785653272576?s=19
That's the big brain way you get Mexico to pay for the wall- make U.S. so shitty they build it to keep us out.
Obama appears under the ring and tosses Biden a folding chair while the ref's back is turned.
Sleepy Mango
I’m with the 2nd guy. Bought in on earnings results at 3300 and holding a heavy bag now 🤬
What is this whore magic? My colorful crayons and news source confirmations are against your medieval Jutsu.
UVXY made it to 100 last March, so...

There’s a chance
Tonight?  Yeah.  That and I'm drunk for no reason.  Oh, and broke (like legitimately broke for the first time ever).  My wife applied for food stamps today....and I'm so fucking delusional I'm hanging out in a stock-market betting reddit two months since I've had any money left to bet.  So yeah, my heel is fucking killing me.
Watching Margin Call for the first time. The beginning is fucking brutal. All the half-hearted apologies while the guy is carrying all his office belongings. Corporations act like they’re your friends until you’re disposable.

Don’t be loyal to your company. This isn’t the 70’s. If someone offers you better pay with better benefits then take it. Your loyalty to wherever you work doesn’t benefit you.
Toro torro
Read again, I was talking about Funko.
You forgot about the infinite money cheat code - type in FEDJPOW
This guy gets it
Bulls are kill tomorrow. Downvote me if you want but this bitch is a trap if I’ve ever seen one
Yeah that triggers a lot of people. I have a new account I made just for wsb but I gotta wait until it’s a month old to comment here. Until then I get assaulted by ppl not knowing I didn’t pick it.
dude nobody in this sub likes any of those. intc and F? been bearish on those boomer stocks for ages now. we’re a bunch of dick riders for big tech
Same as every day. Scalp small option trades based on trend and funnel the profits into ATHX shares.
your mother's mouth
Lol this aged really well
Michael VIX having just a god-awful practice, bad sign for tomorrow
Ahh gotcha. You trying to play the squeeze?
[removed]
RIP your inbox
They just go on the shows to peddle their shit
Should've been Bernie!
Gotcha, that makes sense thx
Lol cuz Canada said bye bye
Definitely don’t generate 5 billion in free cash flow per year 😂

Much better of with a Moderna that has never brought a product to market 😅
Place your election bets
4T
Same. I had every intention of being bold, before my deep in the money put got placed OTM. Now, I’m restless wondering whether I can get out of it.
tomorrow is election not today now is it
Futures never mattered
go to sleep
Donny will still remain a president for next 4 years
Clap them cheeks over yonder - Snoopy
Anyone fuck around with predict it? Is it real money?  Looks like some inefficient markets over there
[deleted]
perma UBI

all in GLD FDs
Ok so no riots then. 

Btw, the ringleader for the Whitmer kidnapping was anti trump all over social media.

So wrong, and retarded
Theta gang eating Tendies
Doubt it. Don't think automation will disrupt society for his policies to be accepted. When retail/logistics/manufacturing becomes 90% automated there will be no other choice. Don't think that happens in 4 years
Why would people want to go to Mexico??
Dream on.. DREAM AHH-ON
-Aerosmith
Even AMC, Hertz and Nikola don't look bearish anymore.
U fucking idiot
small green/flat monday as i said yesterday.


Tuesday more or less the same.


Then between wednesday to next week, expect bloody red waterfall events. Brace your asses!
You have to harass them to put more toppings when they’re making it, similar to Chipotle and Subway.
$WSB
We're gonna have post-exam chop as well, unless Florida and/or Texas are called for the Big Guy. If not, we're gonna see 1-2 weeks of mail-in counting, especially considering the litigation that's likely to keep coming from mango.
Of the two, CRON. I like APHA.
Are there any publicly traded sperm bank companies
Im in IAU Wednesday AM if that happens
All the people that think this market is normal...haha, no you aren’t a good trader or investor. You just happened to enter the market during an epic bull run (19-20) on a year the Nasdaq reached 41% and SPY 34% yearly gains. No that’s not normal and probably won’t happen for a long time. But keep telling yourself it was you and that calls are free money. Anyone throwing a dart at stocks the last year was making money.
If your strategy was to look at the uvxy and see where it was in March and then buy OTM calls you’re guarnteed to lose money.
[removed]
[deleted]
Tell me more
[deleted]
You ever accidentally sit down to take a shit but it turns out you can't shit and you've only pissed so you  feel all awkward
Cramer is the biggest 🤡
3T
msg
I’m so bullish I’ve never downvoted anybody.

Reminds me of puts and those are gay.
Imagine winning the special olympics

\- U.S. Elections, 2020
You too. yeah all my stocks I didn’t sell are all red now and I don’t want to sell for losses so I’ll hold them and wait until I can load up cheap to lower average cost.
[deleted]
Narc
Y'all know VIX was already too high for us to be dropping again.. too many options sold, max pain theory i guess maybe comes into play here?
[deleted]
I think all those smart doorbells, locks and cameras can be installed by a 5 year old with a screwdriver. Their "expert technicians" get hired off craigslist with 2 weeks of training. The only value ADT provide is "24/7 monitoring"
Bears eating Dave SIMPLes tomorrow, Bulls eating Baconators.
Every pointers such as economic, political, public health indicating a huge imminent crash, most possibly starting from tomorrow or Wednesday to all the way end of December.

SPY 230p
Any loopholes you can use?
Nespresso Gang
What is this futures power? It should not be possible!

Bears are fuck. Go to hibernation. Winter has come.

Imma listen to Bulls on Parade: 
https://youtu.be/3L4YrGaR8E4
Guys, let’s form a circle ⭕️ and feel bad for not buying calls today 😭
I don't get it. It's mushy meat covered in cough syrup.
Exactly. There is a mountain of uncertainty, and we're still well within a downward trend. We had no answer on Friday afternoon and we still don't, I think today's rally gets obliterated by last minute hesitations.
U dum
Define 'invested'
[deleted]
!remindme 1 week
That guy that called out Cramer on NIO 😂😂
I live in texas...so much trump pride

Vix getting smoked right now
Da south
expect a 2.5T stimulus pump if senate flips to blue.
Can all y’all buy XLE calls so my puts print k thanks
if i am being honest, i feel like theres 0 optimism heading into the next 6 months lol

SPY $355 C Jan 21
Or you know, get “rich” and contribute to society! At least then you won’t have to fight off zombie Covid hyenas on your midnight 7/11 slurpee runs.
The situation is completely different. Money has been sitting on the sidelines, once the election is over they will start investing again.
Kramer gets a bad rap but he’s still better than 90% of the people they have on CNBC.

Kramer is like, “I like TSLA, AMZN, and SPCE.”

The rest of the clowns are like, “INTC, XOM, and F are my picks.”
U lay sideways to make the rape less painful. Mike Bloonberg 2020 buffetts
Yeah. It's going to gap up and melt up all day and then pump to close. The red won't come again until there's no good reason for it to.
Complete troll. Not a chance in hell
What’s the SECRET OUTCOME? Kanye?
Well we know what happened to the ol' Don Fanucci dont we
They also have really nice holes.
To be fair folks, DIX isn't buying it. This sub being bullish now, and calling bears idiots only confirms it. Everyone pls buy calls at open so my puts can print.
[deleted]
UVXY 110 tomorrow
More excited to win 30 cents on DKNG mnf game than 200 on market today
It's when everyone is so sure that a specific play is "free money" that usually indicates the turnaround
Lol results leaked? Market insiders already taking long positions?
America’s wang.  And fuck the Gators, too. 🖕
[removed]
Exactly why i was calls. The more ppl told me I'm an idiot, the more tendies i planned on making
Because if we’ll have a bigly move on Wednesday.
Anti-trust will not be resolved any time soon. I don't think they can have any substantial effect on China. But in terms of market sentiment and what's going to happen domestically with unemployment and bankruptcies and such, the configuration of the three branches is important. Congress may be decided earlier than the presidency.
Im so glad poop knives are a thing. I thought I was weird/mentally ill for keeing a clotheshanger by the toilet to cut up my shits that were too large to flush

In farsi it’s called “annshekan” which means “shitbreaker”
I’m the MMs
Cannabis
Bulls drinking Johnnie Walker Blue tomorrow, bears drinking Red.
Am a woman and can confirm this
Paypal still hasn't made a vaccine or passed stimulus so I'm afraid it's not a profitable company
Wow, that’s remarkable. Lots of history runs through your bloodline huh. I understand now what you say about being born into it. I think it’s still something I’d like to learn more about. Thanks for the information, good stuff.
spy has had some crazy moves after hours lately, is that typically due to algos + low AH volume..? 

last week it had an insane spike when south korea released their consumer confidence data, and was back down within a couple mins like nothing happened
[deleted]
Team $PKTPSY
did you not google what happens to splits historically?
Call their customer service line
A bunch of retards
Its opening high thiugh. Expecting a slow bleed down throughout the day
Bears drinking Dr. Thunder tonight, Bulls drinking Berry Cream Dr. Pepper.
Try food from shithole countries to feel full.
I don’t think you understand what’s is being depicted, which makes it all the worse. The people facefucking bears don’t even realize what’s going on.
My account is uncanny similar
green candles make me nut
WSB is the new Wall Street wizards!
Post gains
Lies.
I heard Mexico and Canada are closing the borders because Americans want to leave before the country is burned and torn apart. Shits gona be looking like “ I am legend “ in this bitch
 So at this point are we out of the pre-election directionless chop? Is market pricing in Biden victory as a lock at this point?
I keep thinking that but for so mind fucking reason we pump
Retarded why get 20 percent of your sale raked by eBay...puts on eBay
Eh, even a small drop might be healthy. I’m extremely bullish on NIK tho
Got out of some of my puts Wednesday and Friday, but bought another one at Thursday's peak.

Good thing I also have some small long positions on ICLN, because the rest of my SPY puts are fucked. Tech earnings was a way more bearish event than this election.
I like the blaze concept but I've had a few weak ones lately
Any rally in 2020 based on 2021 stimulus will be short lived. Evictions start this week.
Just like 2020 is? Calls at open
No car until end of 2022... Mr fisker may need to sell some solar panels to Trevor Milton in order to post some revenue on his sheets
#
How much was that? 

I have a 190 3/21... which will be down significantly tomorrow. Not sure whether to hold or roll it into something else.
CALLS
Wait I like long Johns
You can’t lie, mango calling out Lebron was hilarious
It’s just Tuesday and you’re out of trades?
Have you ever heard of delta? You deserve the lesson your about to learn.
> uwu election daddy 

- bulls right now
folgers guy myself
Good luck. I just have some stocks SPXL, TQQQ which I m bag holding
yup its standard procedure when the MMs need to fuck everyone
Smooth short bus
Buying a golden poop knife if these puts end up paying out
That’s the point. They got a larger allocation bc it is shown that they drive more revenue per customer than other locations. Calls on GME
world is upside down, you may want to ride the wsb trend
Where the Europoors at?
You think it’ll moon until announcement ? So 2-3 days?
Wizards
Maybe not an all out civil war but I can see things escalating well beyond what we saw in June/July in many cities. Mostly small skirmishes between left wing activists/communists/anarchists and right wing militias back by police and other people claiming to defend property. 

We saw a glimpse with Rittenhouse in WI and the Alt-right guy getting shot in Oregon. It will only taken a few more of those before all the fireworks, pepper spray, baseball bats, and paintball guns are replaced by worse things. Even if .5% of the country is drawn into participating, it could present a significant disruption to the country.
Don’t you know about shrinkage???
Yeah but the market closes at 4:30, 1:30 PST. Polls don’t close until 10pm, and it will be Wednesday before we’re even close to an answer.
There is no fucking way tomorrow is a pure Green Day. That’s just unprecedented for.
I'm in Seattle so I'm eating Dicks
When did future start to predict anything? 

Hope is dangerous
Puts were the obvious choice...but you know how it be..
Bulls eating Legal Seafood tomorrow, bears eating Long John Silver’s.
Love how everyones preparing for the crying baby’s if 🥭 man wins. This is what its come down to, seriously feels like a south park episode.
[deleted]
Acuntymiss
throw that sucker in 2nd and floor that bitch

make sure you’re redlining in neutral before too and dump that clutch
So you’re saying gun stocks going brrrrrr from Civil War 2? 

Got it.
So f***ing excited for the absolute chaos tomorrow
[deleted]
Women are so powerful.. they can create problems out of thin air
Just so you know, the market doesn't give a shit.  The TRUE market makers, I mean the ones who control the people who control both Biden and Trump just don't give a shit.  They won't let their little empire burn.
Penis pearls?
[deleted]
So buy puts on Zillow then?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nomistakhere the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Who you got tomorrow?! Calls or Puts?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn1vxm
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn1vxm) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/lakehouselover, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
quantize_me
LongJNUG
thefite187
ROO-FI-O
Theta boy
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Lol, you fell off the mountain, bro
Anyone buying **Luckin Coffee**? Lol
Biden is ahead in polls and Republicans failed to throw out 127,000 votes from the biggest blue district. May not be an easy win for Trump
Jumping jacks
Bears eating Delissio tomorrow, Bulls eating Blaze Pizza.
You and the rest of the world. Won’t happen
that gyna food I had went down too quickly. I feel the same level of hungriness. How?
Positions?
Excited to scalp this flat yet kangaroo shit tomorrow
wow if more people thought like u we could have prevented the holocaust
Nice city. I got a parking ticket there in front of the skate shop where there are like tram tracks.  $100 ticket wtf I never paid it. That was like two years ago
[removed]
On Wednesday stocks AND vix could dump at the same time. Happened before.
Ahh yes I remember those days.
What a charmed life you’ve led
Thas morea uh mesa, muy picante on atthat
What is your play for tomorrow?
Real nibba shit
Guys the nkla position is there to show us he's being retarded
The shutdowns are already starting in the NE pussy states... more to come
Mods!  Fucking... MODS!!!!!!
Just sit naked in your room. No one will touch a naked poor man, no matter who is President.
so you're just blowing off some steam because of your heel
Bears eating Jr Whoppers tomorrow Bulls eating Five Guys.
So at this point are we out of the pre-election directionless chop? Is market pricing in Biden victory as a lock at this point?
Bullets and bandages. Who makes those?
Who the fuck even actually gets skid marks? I’ve never once had them
WY
Ok congrats you win. My point still stands
Oh no, your flair! Oh no....
Is election over? Who won, mango? Is that why futures r fucking my puts?
I actually have done this in 1999, not to this extent but I did
[top comment:] (https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/j8zfc6/it_really_do_be_like_that_doe/)
> I thought Robinhood traders just used iPhones with 9% battery
Shoulder To Shoulder when our portfolios bust
Hips
I refuse to hear offending opinions! Besides! Elections ISN'T market related!!
Brexit
Futures melting up just makes my kang gang chub rock hard for tomorrow
look at you with your big brain
[deleted]
Our lead you down the path of a weird kink you really don’t want
Not really worried about anything other than covid and a lack of ability to control a significant spread. I'm bearish now because we don't have a plan and won't (because the only plan is to not to do shit) and at this rate it's only a matter of when we are forced to lockdown if hospitals get taxed too hard. 

I've never seen anything like the lines I'm seeing in Chicago for testing now, at the beginning of all this shit storm fuckery, it wasn't even close. That alone has people afraid. 

(But, I don't know shit. Just one man's opinion from his little bubble, on pebble, drifting along a black abyss.)
He bought poots.... pump eet
Git dem tendies
Markets going up on every outcome. Just less on a contested result
i bot ipob 30c when it was at 27 😞
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-11-02/how-covid-migration-may-change-the-political-map
Especially* if you don't know what a commie is
[deleted]
CGC up 14% incl AH
Futures were crazy on the night of election. They went limit down at night and recovered in the morning.
I have 11/20 $210 🙃 hbu?
Well yeah, but that’s much more relevant for buy and hold long term investing. If you’re trading like we all are, I just find a lot more success trading the price action I’m given each day as opposed to guessing what I think it will be the day before and getting wiped with an opposing gap.
Rule 4 bro. Repeated flagrant violations
Bears Bar Bucked
Lol what
Pro tip: Never rub one out with a ticker window open.  No matter the magnitude of dat ass in the middle tab, those little red/green dancing numbers will ruin your nut.
For what?
I don’t even understand why he tweeted this
I regret to inform you that one of those lumps is in fact your penis.
Election drags on in indecision - markets flat 


*theta gang sends their regards
No. The entirety of the internet MUST change to accommodate my infinite triggers!!
Imagine pre-ordering a cyber punk truck that doesn't exist yet.
My heel hurts a bit.  It's because i'm a fatass and did some physical work today.  Otherwise, nothing really.
Plays for election day and rest of the week?
my great uncle (millionaire) was a 33rd degree mason. was in the US military and met colonel sanders somehow and shook his hand in a photo. various family members cousins etc have always been involved in the lodge. we have had masonic weddings at old masonic temples etc. for example the wedding ring is the symbol of eternity, like ouroboros. the guy who discovered benzene had a dream about an oroborous and thats how he discovered the molecule:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/August_Kekul%C3%A9#Kekul%C3%A9's_dream
These Futures Green are funny as fuck
Oversold 2 week period, shorts closing I guess.

Short is a position and nobody wants to be in a position going into the election. IMO
I’ll buy next week calls on spy right before close, if it’s sea of red
Biden Win: market rally on big stimmy

Trump Win: market rally on no new regulations

Bears Never Prosper.
Honestly a lot of them are really nice decent people.
That’s a reach
buy the dip.
$4k dollas
One time
Actually got me to imagine fruit sitting in a thornbush, nice
You missed the small run LL had today.
Using my daytrade tomorrow
Uhhhh dream on friend, that’s one place he has no chance in. That’s priced in.
For the most part markets been holding steady cause 🥭 man and jpow been holding down the fort. Is joey really going pull through?
Feel bad for put holders. Why would u go bear during election week lol
My strike call is 620 though
I wouldn’t be too certain. We have seen an escalation in physical intimidation, attacks and generally desperate behavior from “one side” in the last few weeks.
Flip a coin bud, no one knows
You cannot default on student loan. It stays with you for life
Market dipped about 2-6% starting about 2 days after the elections when there were hanging chads in 2000. A contested elections this time around would be even worse because there's so much acrimony.

FL gonna fuck it all up again as usual. It's always Florida that's gotta be the star of the show every election.
Zero dimensional chess
Reading here to much positivity, inverse wsb?
How can you believe the "texas will be blue" narrative?
Are you a homosexual?
For an acc is under 50k 

Small caps > large caps
yeah I went long bonds for this very reason, plus Thursday they are probably going to announce more QE to lower yields. that should cause a nice spike in bonds
Thursday -49%
It doesn’t seem the same, feels like it’s just gonna be a low volume melt up through the night, but if I’m wrong I’d be very happy
I consistently make poor financial decisions and talking politics makes me triggered!!!!

Some of y’all are incredibly soft.  Just get off the internet for a minute if you can’t cope.
I’m in the same position 🤦
What do when testicle goes inside body and won’t come down again? Stressed. Thnx
You are correct, but also that's not the kind of sarcasm I mean.  My last boss thought I was amazing because I always agreed with everything he said.  I would get frustrated because I was trying to make a point by making what he said sound ridiculous, but it didn't work.  This is all invalid because I'm drunk again.
BAN
I despise mango with a burning passion but fr fr..
They just program the algos
what's bothering you?
You can also do nio leaps good growth stock imo
puts on money
Amateur, come back when you have multiple hills like me
no 😤
You know when you were a pre-teen and mom told you to do the dishes but you didn't want to do them because she told you to do them but it's no big deal you would have done them anyway?

.. I don't know where I was going this
📠📠📠
Tomorrow will be a repeat of today. Green open, then massive dump, then close slightly green.
People have a memory loss

They try to get over

Try to get over you're gonna go under
I need someone to take a look at these lumps on my dick
The impending reality that unless Biden takes Texas and Florida by a hefty margin, we will NOT know who President is for days. Even if he does win those states, 🥭 might stir up crazy insurrection over "fraud voting." Dude. Next few days are *fucked* .
I just said to watch for the break than enter in! But I think we can break it the upcoming week! Leaps sounds nice!
How can she pump?
I live in DC and may die in the rioting tomorrow. 

I’d leave my RH account password here but nobody wants an account with a balance trending toward zero.
Alexa play Trump 2020
Tax free transactions! Ebay is the shit,  and it's where I get 99% of my hobby supplies.
Weyerhaeuser
$99
Are MMs just computer programs?  Or are there actual MMs left?
With losses like that, pdt restrictions would only save you money
Brade, brink, bate
There’s some statistic out there, if you only look at intraday trading, market it pretty flat over past 20 years. Big jumps up usually happen during AH
Even fridges come in 4K now?! Man, I'm still only on 1080p with my T.V.  :p
maybe, people don't understand how volatile this week always is. Why the futures are completely meaningless until 6-7 each morning this week

&#x200B;

Especially tonight and tomorrow
I honestly don’t mind you Trumpets. Some of you are pretty chill.
Your a bitch for that
One in NY, and another that hangs with Snoopy.
I think a lot of high flyers have dropped a lot. Just pick a couple that you know will go back up. Trust me man this ain’t the next crash. Sq, tdoc... zm wasn’t really on my list but I think it’s a solid play still.
Oh yeah the blunder years are great right?
Trade, drink, masturbate.
Yolo your life savings on $NIO trust me its gunna pop to $40 than we can a have a lil dip cause of the JPM pt!
Holy heck how is this not bigger news. This makes trade talks seem like kindergarten recess squabbles.
Unironic +3% in futures tomorrow night after Texas is called for Joe

So much volatility removed in such a timeline
MSOS
I don’t know why people think violatility will go down when this election is going to be for an entire week or more
I guess idc who becomes pres as long as the market resumes its bull run
Ban
PEARS IN BRAMBLES
Aapl call 
Twitter  call
No contest election SPX will hit 3600 before Christmas. Remind me!
Here I am thinking “I don’t wanna bet bull or bear. There’s GOTTA be volatility though”

🙄🔫
How mango saved from SPY tanking today, with this massive pump 


https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1323332899471413248?s=21
Show me your genitals
Let me enjoy this egg man 🔫
Call your broker and ask them to buy $420 calls
Yes sir
MY LEG!
Tomorrow -4% and Wednesday -9%
There’s always WSB favorite LL
Tim apple being mean to me.
What is there to do after tomorrow? What is there to look forward to? Reminds me of the SNL skit the other day.
Pot stocks going to explode Wednesday
No no just sell the giant iphone somehow. He'll need somehwere to store his leftover beans and rice
Last episode of s6 should’ve been the end of the show
2016 was up a point and a half the day after the election
Whatever happens tomorrow and after, just remember we are all in this together. Love you guys and if anyone is stressed or needs someone to talk to, I’m here.
Bullish
🍻 was good times
Let’s fucking goooooo should I load up on even more calls tomorrow or wait a little?
F? You bought Ford instead?
Leave the tag on
Nice.  Go Buffs.
It's the new religion.
Because markets don’t start pricing volatility the night  before an event....
Bloodbath coming
In his video with Jay Leno he mentioned that the truck in it's current design is 5% too big to pass code. So expect it to be 5% smaller and with rear view mirrors etc.
Yeah mine are pretty stagnant but don’t expire until 12/18 so I’ll hold through election and hold it goes down soon
Ban. No penny stonks
So are we going to have full on riots with burning cities Like that one sponge bob episode?!
Maybe you should stop again.  Dry scarcasm is often an excuse for being an asshole.  Kind of like playing "devil's advocate"
Futures don’t matter except when it’s green 🤡🤡
Donnie better hope his futures moon overnight too, ibd tipp has the race at only 3.2 points biden
Any of you ass 🍔s invested in SPCE?
I hopped off the Tim Apple ride last week, best thing I ever did.
I don't even think that bullflag is done developing yet but I expect another push up soon as well
I have had a 12X return over the past week and a half. AMA (before I lose it all tomorrow)
[removed]
So long Donald Pump? Hello Biden Bump? Doesn't matter stonks only for 🆙
I'm a consultant (finance) and now helping spearhead a huge project with our client's IT department which is essential. So 60+ hours a week for at least the next year. Like I said, I don't care lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
So...for like 6 hours?
Bulls with the short-term memory loss, forgetting that futures were down like -0.8% around this time last night.

How did that work out for the bears?
So you’re basically saying the S&P has basically become a hedge against itself. Basically.

You’re a fucking tard and I will be dancing on your call’s graves.
AAPL$130
High voting turnout has never favored republicans, I could be wrong though
Tomorrow night we could actually have our first limit down since March. The first futures limit down I've ever seen was on the night of 2016 elections.
When’s Chamath Philadelphia taking OnlyFans public? IPOXXX
He will have a better go of it if his dad is one term
it will happen because media has crazy people hyped up enough to write a paragraph about it
Should’ve ended that shit in season 6 or 7 lol
I’ve got shares, playing the long game. Might pick up some January calls but not sure yet
Mango at 70 tweets/retweets today. 

Morning pump????
MMs looting bears tonight.
What a shitty brokerage. Constantly amazes me.
[deleted]
Nio
I heard 10000 people signed some kind of petition to remake season eight of GoT. Never heard what happened to that.
Six inches of fat is enough to stop a bullet. These trumpites are invulnerable.
home depot
DGLY quietly goes up 32% today 👀👀
[deleted]
What a shame that so many people don't get the reference
It and AMWL are dropping like rocks. I don't like it.
This is by far the comment of a life time. Good on you.
damn homie. 77 contracts? next millionaire here.
Futures too high too soon. Peak by midnight then fade rest of the night. Open flat
probs but who the fuck know. I’m tempted to sell premium but potential gamma risk on Weds is scary
I read that article, it was trash.
Feels like some fucked up Christmas
moooooonin
Lol
It’s called losing but like in reverse. I’ve never seen anything like it.
actual betting? betonline. Stocks for results? No idea partner
That’s logical, they shared the same position.
 trump is a long shot.  538 has him at like 90% chance of loosing and high turnout is expected, which works against Trump.
Ban
💪💪
Haha this sub is called WSB. If someone is betting against you, call them dumb / gay, those are the rules. 

And then you don’t let any trolls sway your opinion as well
You and what army jabroni!? 😤
Certainty is coming.
686.80? Geezus
Dump may tweet some "fraud" shit anyway. At least this is how I justify my vxx calls.
Maybe in four
Do people still sim hack? Crazy
Futures went limit down -5% and wild all night but the next day was up 1%.
Europoors please be on yo full Oliver Twist tonight these futures killing me
Less than 1% moves are just typical trading imo. 2% +\- are meaningful. But I see ppl freak out about futures then see it’s like .1% and I’m like 😒 fuck off
It’s not even a big deal
🤙🏽🙌🙌👏🏻😔
Cities are boarding up for potential riots tomorrow. Any wood stocks?
Bruh I couldn’t even find ammo. I had to buy some from my neighbor. He’s gonna be pissed when I show up on the other side of the civil war.
found out my dad was paying like $2400/year for services, ridiculous, got him signed up on fubo soon
Dow leading 😳
Where u be from?
In this with you, with $140 calls.
Hell yes.
TBT read the one from r/stocks with a feminine voice in my head, while the WSB was all raging bull.
we are m00ning
🥂 that’s how I watch CNBC every morning while on the toilet
bro shut the fuck up. trump has been spending non stop his entire presidency. don’t act like you give a shit about fiscal spending; republicans are notorious for shitting money then crying about it when democrats are in power
Not everyone
Why the Vix down lol
Margaret Thatcher naked in the snow
Hahaha you very positive
Tim apple. Plz moon tomorrow. Thanks.
Friends don’t let friends be a simp
Lol this shit is going up until elections than big ass drop for either win.
repeat it with me

BEARS R FUK
Ban
I’m in NY, just always waited to be part of something larger. I embrace the family aspect of the masons. May I ask how you got started?
The most true thing in this thread.
Why though?  What will happen tomorrow to cause a dump?
Who??
[deleted]
HAL puts at close today, cause if I got to buy puts its going to be on something I despise.
Freaking astronomy for stocks, is that what algos follow?
Lost money playing SNAP puts. Not touching it anytime soon.
Pro tip:

Biden wins, market inexplicably rallies to $347 by mid month. 

Trump doubles down on contested vote rhetoric, sending it back to $330 by December

But it's much too cold for protests by then and low volume EOY holiday cheer sends SPY to $375 by 2021.
Gay
Pretty much all of them tbh
Got a crystal ball, serves the same purpose.
Tomorrow is going to be more disappointing than GoT Season 8.
Wake up. Crying, crying, crying! Try too think of a reason to live, much less get outta bed and face another day of red dicks. Look at my account page, scream shit, shit, shit! Go to the bathroom quickly and throw up. Then realized I shouldn't have thrown up because that was the last if the ramen I had. Think about SPY puts then remember I don't have any money! 

Go behind Wendy's dumpster and give enough $5 BJ's to have breakfast and get more ramen. Remember to use the last of my tube of chapstick to save wear and tear on my already worn out, swollen lips. Keep trying to remember that semen is full of Protein So I probably should swallow it. 

Then think I should buy calls on the company that makes chapstick since I go through so much of it behind the dumpster. Then suddenly remember I don't have any money 💰. Proceed to quick stop crying to buy ramen and more chapstick.

Jan 21 2021 calls GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare, for anyone who Has money left. Just saying.
Guys I finally got my 3080. 4K porn looks so good.
I never said to not take social distancing precautions. I said we can't shut down the country like Biden and Harris has suggested. I understand we need to curb the spread, so we need to reduce the amount of contact we have with one another. 

Decimating the economy and killing jobs is not what I want in my presidency. 

Like I mentioned before we have to learn to deal with the virus, and not lock down the country.
When do the Europoors get released to dump?
Hearing Ohio too
It’s been like this for months if not years hahaha 

Don’t tell the idiots though it gives them an illusion of knowing
They went limit down. Then 🥭 came out and talked and we went on a huge bull run.
[deleted]
As soon as baby girl trump wins we going all in on calls fuck this bear gay shit

STONKS ONLY GO UP
NIO was fun today. At least at open. Unlikely but even a 5% day would be nice
Absolute dump
I will.  I am.  But I'm not, but I will.  You know.
No there aren’t
Excellent break of the 332 resistance, appears to be the new support. Needs to hold overnight and a move over 333 should prove to be a good breakout
You gonna do that regardless
[removed]
It’s gotta be bottoming out soon, no?
AOC will be tied up in a campaign finance scandal by then
I don’t get it, you didn’t sell on the huge run up for weeks after split?
Fair point.
You'll be taken out to the back and shot one day.
Old people burning old people burning, throw your hands up
Yea I'd do her first too
how is anyone suppose to remember that lmao
just sold my vix calls such a retarted play -200
*APHA
[deleted]
Looks like Jesus if he turned water into meth...
Lmao. Mine are to pray my way otm spy puts hit so I can get a 10 bagger and pray snap finally fucks off and takes a steamy dump down to 30 or lower. Other than that I gotta see how tomorrow goes before I buy last minute fomo plays for election. Wbu
I love how that man says 16K is not a big move but that’s bigger then probably 40% of peoples portfolios
[deleted]
Yeah man...that's the point.
ALWAYS INVERSE WSB
rally it is then. gonna FOMO into calls at open. sorry bulls. you’re welcome bears.
Hmm great question. It was during a covid briefing. Not sure where you would find those archived. But it would really be worth a search. Thats a treasure trove of trumps best material. 

You’d find hits such as:

-amazing stainless steel boats

-«trailers as long as the rose garden..i said...is that medical equipment......no...its body bags»

-people are so depressed their killing themselves with drugs

-next question, you’ve had your turn

-heal our land


...and more
USA economy exploded during WW2 and afterwards. Upcoming Civil War?? Bullish!!!
Damn there really is a downvote fairy....thought he was make-believe like 🎅🐰& 🌎🔥

⬇️🧚‍♂️ catch him and tendies will print 

Goodluck to you all hope you make enough cash to live comfortably the rest of your lives.
Tesla call
So this guy called me when I signed up for [tradingview.com](https://tradingview.com) and tried to talk to me about futures. I've decided futures are for huge nerds.
yeah I've got calls on lyft since yes on prop 22 has a slight edge
Voting is too easy and too encouraged now.  Far too many idiots are voting when those said idiots should actually not be voting.

Therefore...Mango wins.  Fuck.

NKLA 11/6 $20 calls
😂😂
Nah
Not sure .7% is a nothing burgee after today’s rally
Google:  What does Halliburton do?
The higher it get the safer I feel with my puts... this shit is like black Friday before a lockdown... people gonna DUMP before open.
What are we thinking about that low $20USD gap? No chance.
It’s so dumb the market is green right now literally everyone is shorting
I need the market to drop 12% in 3 weeks.. mmmmKAAAAAAY?
A lot of people think it will be bad. That violence will occur if the election is contested. My baseless theory is this: its extraordinarily slim the violence is worse than what we have seen over the past 5 months. Even if there is peak unrest, how does that impact stonks? This year it hasn't that much. People are timid, but I largely think that is overplayed. Many companies reported great numbers for Q3. Whether the election is contested, biden wins, or trump wins, it doesn't really matter. The private sector is marching on. Microsoft doesn't give a hoot if people riot. Stimulus will pass whether its biden or trump. Even so, we know we have until next year to sort it all out. Im keeping some cash for buying opportunities, but I'm largely bullish. Don't let the media get your worked up into thinking this is the end times. It's not.
[removed]
Mf said he’s Kratos now with a dildo chains of Olympus.
They dabbled in it, but they're a service company.  They provide services to drilling companies and provide production services as well.  Man, I was a "Service Coordinator" for them for a few years until April.
Used to work for a family that had a few horses and honestly it just seemed like a huge PITA. Gotta be a horse lover for it to be worth it. It's like an 18 hour / day job taking care of those fuckers and everything is madddd expensive

cows are legit though becuz food
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? I bet you do.
I did post some TA on $NIO gunna do some more DD!!!
I feel like markets pricing in a Biden win but not the crazy shit trump and his supports would pull after election.
Watch out you’re gonna get downvoted by all the city slickers
CALLS TO THE WALLS YOU FUCKS!!!!!
Boomers euphoric today
ANET calls tomorrow SEDG puts
Acb
Tempted to follow the repub trend on those hmm
Inverse that
So Tesla calls in 3 weeks
Lol loser
My colleague wants to move to Europe for retirement. Something about Medicare being cheap. I cannot even imagine moving to west coast as I can’t wake up at 6.30 am to trade. I just want to day trade during my retirement with my $500 retirement savings.
I don't have horses, but it's cool man.
AAPL is AAPL, best company in the world. $150 by EOY.
The Feds already here bro, chilax
It doesn’t matter who wins tomorrow! Stonks will rise as long as the heroin from the Fed continues to be Fed.
A lot of people hoping for orange will be heartbroken tomorrow.. ICLN , ACB, TAN, NIO to the moonnnn
[deleted]
Even if you don’t know what a commie is, calling someone a commie is the quintessential American diss
NAIL puts AAPL calls
Please reinstate https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jn02jo/they_dont_protect_the_bears_or_my_robinhood/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
cool, me at age 16
Not my fridge.
Yea its unfortunate
*Laughs in 2018 LEAP losses.*
You 🤡
Bulls guaranteed to eat tomorrow I guess
Be Bold? Bump Bit!
Hold onto STOCKS and do nothing
When elected I will raise IRA contribution limits when used on FDs
Has Vivint even cracked 1,000,000 customers yet? ADT has 6 million and is the undisputed sector leader.
[deleted]
I’m convinced 100% of the ppl talking about futures every night are just bots for investing.com app so see their ads when I open the app. I’m so retarded I check after every comment and it’s always a nothing burger
Jack Dorsey really went from looking like a handsome man to a dirty Tyrion Lannister in a few years
For anyone alive during 2016, how were the futures the night of the election
If you don’t vote blue you don’t smoke crack
Turns out that headache was no match for more vodka
Between the two of you we have most of an English breakfast
r/smallfeetpets
The most valuable asset in the world is the status quo. Avoid civil war, keep people range bound with taxes and inflation, and keep leeching off them. I don’t care if Gilbert Godfried gets elected, the middle and lower class will be kept right where they are and market makers and politicians and ceos will ride wild market swings straight to the yacht dealer every single time. If we can catch a few lucky breaks we can Ride along. Or we can yolo meme stocks and end up at Wendy’s.
Amd was the best until they announced Xlnx concurrent with the tech dump 😫
Xom
MSOS
I'm awaiting 12-2 with tingling in my feet and labored breathing
Start working the corners
We ride at dawn motherfuckers!
You don’t learn anything when you talk.
I'm sure they have dinners and functions etc, maybe you could send them an email and ask for some sort of invitation with Christmas coming up. depending on the lock down situation etc. A lot of the older guys are a little reluctant with the covid and what not. But also depends on where you are located
I don't have a 401k they won't give me one.
What time does the purge start tomorrow?
I like this
Need to know your positions , need to copy your portfolio retard .....I been in red for a month
Biden’s election to President will usher in even more unprecedented fiscal spending. First will be another $2.5T COVID package. Then all the freebies will follow. All while the Fed continues unprecedented printing 

The dollar will be worthless. All your tendies and gambling will be for naught
[deleted]
No fap sounds about right. Looking forward to seeing you on the news after you shank yourself you incel pud
So 35k initial? If I did the math right. Congrats man
Goodnight to my retarded ass family big day tomorrow
Cash, tomorrow is retarded, I'm hoping to jump into the emerging trend after
Futures lol. This has to be the last gasp of air. You know as soon as Biden wins, he's going to let it crash as an argument to stay in office.
What people aren’t getting on here is that while WE love volatility, 98% of the market prefers consistency and predictability. And will react positively is that’s what’s elected.
Y'all fighting over third place with Asia vs Europoors while ASX solid SLV
What’s Vix doing that makes you think DCB?
Ok which one of you retards bought puts at Friday bottom and still holding?🤡
Feels like being the guy in fantasy football who picked up Antonio Brown and started him this week.  Puts will probably print NEXT week after all this.
sarcasm can be funny. in most cases, it's also veiled aggression
Whats your GME expiry?  Saw they were up today.
What?
https://www.yamana.com/English/investors/news/news-details/2020/Yamana-Gold-Reports-Strong-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results-Highest-Operating-Cash-Flows-Since-2015-of-215.0-Million-Year-Over-Year-Free-Cash-Flow-Up-More-Than-300-Net-Debt-Declines-a-Further-148.9-Million/default.aspx 🤦‍♂️
Who’s winning tomorrow? Demented or Dementia???!
He was literally the only person who could articulate what is actually happening. Current main stream candidates just blame mexicans or white supremacists
Trump will turn you 401k into a 1000k
I don’t know man. It looks like smart money is pulling out. And I usually trust smart money. Those fuckers usually have access to inside stuff before us degenerates do.
[deleted]
Futures greener than vomit 🤢
Hahaha
Dude is so gay
Chad traders make money on uppies and downies. Get it straight
He joined the system now sadly
Is YMCA publicly traded?
I think Biden will be elected- airlines drop a bit more due to tightened quarantine expected - then airlines shooot up when Covid numbers actually start going down and country has an actual plan. I’d wait until Jan/feb. 

ofc everything I said is probably wrong though so go for it king
I read today you get an erection when you climb Everest because of the air pressure. It’s crazy because this pic also gave me an erection.
AMD used to be great for that. I suspect it still is.
Get the direction right, 0dte spy

Very easy
I would take her over Kamala all day.
Will emperor mango be tweeting to us peasants all night???? Man doesn’t seem to be stopping.
HE SOLD??!! PAMP IT!
asianpimps > europoors
Aloha akubar
Imagine thinking they wouldn’t affect ours 🥺👉👈
This is the way
THIS
I'm guessing you're short
May as well call it the reddit virus
You know I really prefer Biden and I really don't want to see another round of Trump but I literally cannot vote for Biden no matter what so. 

Hope he wins though.

Edit: you morons I'm a Canadian living in Canada they physically will not let me vote for Biden.
State of cannabis🌿
CRON vs ACB?
Thought my NIO 2022 37C would take a minute to print but they are looking mighty fine.
Did he start a war in his first term? Or did he start peace?
Personally I like AOC/Yang 2028
Hang tough boy, tomorrow is the day
SQQQ calls
[deleted]
Sim hackers hate this guy!
Make 8k retard
$040
NCLH. Mad premiums and super easy to predict range from like 15.50 to 17.50
Love the retard Trump bulls who been losing twice
Aapl has been the best wheel I've ever run if you can scrape up an extra g
Don't own em but used to clean horse stalls as a kid for $15/stall. Smells like old hay except when a fresh poo shows up in the fork
one side is claiming coronavirus is fake, and good social safety nets are communism

while the other side is actually trying to push for the opposite.

So yea, makes sense why people are censoring conservatards
I read 150 messages. Didn’t get a clue as to what are your moves tomorrow 🧐
Try again man.
CRON calls
Im holding money waiting for them to go after monopolies but how can they realistically stop China from pumping their own stocks?
Well my SQQQ 11/6 25c are pretty much fucked... sell at open or ride them all the way down?
I like it!!!! Calls
Back it up like a dump truck bb
Stonks only go up. It's that simple. Buy long dated calls (90+ dte) and don't double down too early.
Oh, Yeah. Well. I don’t know; it is one day before election.
I like to hear; it: i guess! Makes me a little «bit more aware» of/ people’s thoughts? And ~ideas#
Man we’re either at the beginning of a trend reversal or a dead cat. Vix telling me dead cat but my gut says trend reversal only because I bought puts at EOD
I got an exam bro!!! I’m studying business soo.
Eh AOC has the crazy eyes
And 2 diet Cokes.
I know there's only 4-5 outcomes

Trump wins, market up

Trump wins, market down

Biden wins, market up

Biden wins, market down

But you all sounds like you're just regurgitating some spoonfed twitter fintwit shit every time you say it with conviction
God I wish he was the Dem candidate. I know presidents don’t do much for our everyday lives but I’d actually have a lot of hope voting for him.
[removed]
Seriously though, it looks like institutions are pulling out of it. The drop is very gradual and consistent
DGLY yolo?
F
Tons of wall street campaign funding? Yes, please!
No shit, Sherlock!
It’s too late, my supervisor has handed in my notice. Now I have to pretend to have diamond hands...
Amd
Puts on ICLN, down to September levels
[deleted]
Teach me
Google it: "Halliburton Drilling oil and gas wells company"
Reddit dot com aka CHINA!
It is freezing. Just went for a little stroll and my hands are still frozen
Su Bae retard.
“Instead why don’t you try these vegan, free range, organic, fair trade cancer drugs!”
There's a reason why bears are gay and bulls are chads
Any way Cali peeps can bet on election results.
Officer, there's been a murder!  
  
They killed my boy **VIX** when he was supposed to be flying high in life!
I'll save you the trouble. The world holds its breath for the next 2 weeks as everyone tries to figure out why florida shoved all their votes into random plastic bins strapped to gators across the state. Once the corruption has been tied to the same 25 officials, the articles stop and nothing is done, we just kinda guess and go from there. The supreme court ping pongs if voting is constitutional. During this time, reddit is a cesspool.


A comedy movie is made later starring Zach Galifianakis that receives horrible reviews on netflix.
And study? Get the fuck out of here! You better be studying the market!
Perfect chance to buy the dip if u ask me. Wish I could load tf up on tdoc.
Yup! Lol poor degenerate
tomorrow green, wednesday red
Imagine thinking Europoors are a first world market
He's speaking live now
All in on GME calls this month and you'll climb
Any hillbillies on WSB? What's it like to own a barn with cows and horses?

And do all hillbillies always speak like they're chewing on a celery stick?
I use my dick to execute trades on my phone sometimes
Maybe the real terrorists are the friends we made along the way
AMD has been fed to the bears for now. It will moon again one day, but not now.
Lots of ticks tonight and yet futures are up. More conviction it seems
What was it like in 2016?
Ban even if you edit and show positions
HELLLOOO KENOSHAA
🙏
You answered your own question
One World Retard Center, Floor No. 69, Trading Desk 420
Listen to this guy. He Ain’t political, as he comes in just to comment on politics.
Stop I can only get so hard😩😩
Take my fucking upvote, THANK YOU.
INTC
Wait for drop to 200 again and buy calls
I hope europoors make us burn
Fucking robots man
Space Needle sounds like an erection for aliens
Have you been paying any attention? All lockdown stocks are dropping. Even TDOC dropped after beating earnings.
I knew it. There’s always someone who comes to the comment section to see a comment he knew was here.
Tomorrow is t-mobile Tuesday, I'm gonna get my free whopper. Can't afford a dollar menu item. Thank TMUS
I liked his Tenet song tbh
Stocks tend to do well when you print a bunch of money and act like there isn’t a problem.

Also stocks were extremely undervalued in 2008-2009. Valuations are in bubble territory now.
your post was about to be popular

true autist style
Ahhh ok gg bulls
Yeah.  Fuck.  8-1/2 months sober this year, then I decided getting drunk in August "for my birthday" was fun.  Still kept it together for awhile, but a few months later....here I am.  Fuck booze.  Fuck sobriety.  Fuck the whole dance.
Lol
Inverse this man!
[deleted]
The fact that you are playing english teacher on a wsb discussion just shows how retarded you are.

Do you even have a post secondary degree? Probably an arts major smh 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Give me a reliable and liquid 30-100 dollar stock with nice weekly premiums I can wheel the fuck out of.
It's too cold for election protests. Spy calls
Same. Bought a few JKS and RUN hoping for some sweet tendies by tomorrow
NIO gonna rip again tmr.
Go back to your seat in the plane
Yang/AOC 2028 $TSLA $5000
Asia markets doing well bc they’re pricing in Biden winning
They need platforms so they can meet up and bang
i feel like buying Puts that expire on the 27th or 30th is the way to go for the next 2 weeks.
🤔
[EOD](https://i.imgur.com/c2YmOcU.jpg)
It's hypocritical when reddit bans r/the_donald but not r/politics, when facebook censors conservatives and promotes left-wing ideology, when colleges suppress right-wing students and favors leftist mob, etc.

Tell me when the right is more violent than the left.

We should have ended the democratic party after the civil war.
My man!
How to turn 17k into 25k tomorrow?
I love that you still try, big bro 💙
IF they jump up on earnings, they will be liquid af, yes. Buyers pour in to stocks that bump 10% or more in a day
I’m gonna slurp up that volatility like the nasty vega slut I am
I know but sadly I panic sell too fast so stocks just aren’t for me. I made it through the Apple/tsla split because I had confidence. I have no confidence right now
I started reading until the polka dots but you are retarded
Don't forget to pay your Sherpa
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lame. Should have poked her. She may have been into it. If she got mad just say you were thinking about guys
Dear Lord, I pray for one last pump tomorrow so that I can exit some more positions and get more buffer for margin. I pray that the biggest green dildo would rise from the ashes of SPY to fuck those stinky ass bears right in the ass. Amen. 🙏🏽
🍊’s looks radiant ☢️
Rhetorical question or r/lostredditors ?
No matter what happens things are so fucked right now that I don't think we'll ever unwind it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What if she was doing it on purpose 👁👄👁
I have a soft spot for Dominos pizza because I grew up eating it so it tastes like childhood, and I also like pineapple pizza from Pizza Pizza. So maybe I'm not the best foodie to ask XD
Polls say unlikely
Seawolf575
 Yang 2028
just imagine your grandmother naked, or imagine a young woman growing old, aging, dying and rotting. buddhist technique the latter

also when you get up to take a morning piss but dont want mommy to see your boner, tuck that in the elastic band in your boxers. thats like a life pro tip all time hitter right there
Aight if it’s a beauty concept mango way uglier
[removed]
that sounds like the only play that doesnt make sense. downright retarded as a matter of fact.
No shit
Thinking we need to make a robinhood but for OTC trading

App called PinkSlips ... charge $.01 per trade
When you gotta get the tendies and the tenders
[deleted]
Because it’s “obvious” retard
I posted in a daily comment thread a few weeks ago, mid November UVXY 15 calls were $1.50. I was laughed out of the room. Who is laughing now? Wanna know how I got these scars? I’m the joker baby yeah
Yeah they arent showing up on Webull or RH may have to lay my first fee...
Ask one of the dick rating subreddits where they'll tell you how pretty it is.
🛥🥂
I made such a bad call with SLV today.

I've been in 100 shares at $24 when I thought that was the bottom-ish after being up quite a bit above there. Then recently it's been dropping and I FIGURE the election is going to cause it to crash, so I sold my shares at like $22.50 for a loss (to prevent further losses)...and then today it starts skyrocketing again!
On this sub about $50
Fucking asia making us moon what the fuck
Dont stay too long or you'll become an idiot just like us
market is closed buddy
Andrew yang was 10 years too early
I don’t know but I guess being the most over inflated stock on the index has something to do with it
Literally don't care who wins. America died a long time ago. And stocks only go up now. The Fed's the real terrorists
Puts on drinking
Liquidity in futures market is super thin right now. This can get wiped out quick in the cash session. I’m a bit cautious.
[removed]
[deleted]
😂😂
Yeah and I want a 10" cock
Big vote tomorrow in California. Could be bullish.
Hang Seng up 2%?!?

we're red by open
HAL does exactly zero drilling, dumb fuck.
>Retard ber: "RIGGED"

Nah I’m in calls  🦘gang the only way to play a kang market 

I still don’t get why we’re rallying a day before the election but whatever
>I ain’t even political.



So your opinion is irrelevant?
Because they’d probably cost you 1-5 doll hairs and it would make you rich as fuck.
Lmao these fucking hulk dick candles
Any of you guys had to pray a boner away? I was in Seattle a few years ago. I was in the elevator about to go up the Space Needle. It was packed. I was standing in the corner. This lady, probably mid 40s, and her husband come in. The woman presses her ass right up against me. I was against the wall already so I couldn't back up. Spent the whole ride thinking about old nuns.
No reading? I’m in 11/6 50 c
If mango says he hates big tech so much.. why does he give them insane tax cuts????
give it time he has to take a 4 hour power nap then load up on uppers and Big Macs
More like Annapurna. You got this, OP.
[removed]
If you rush plays, you’re an idiot
[deleted]
Hey Alexa, Play Stacy’s Mom By Fountains of Wayne
If Uber puts are so obvious then why did it rally
Are you fucking joking FUCK
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hopefully whoever wins will fix the education system that failed you. Learn grammar, punctuation, and how to frame an argument or position.
Lol
Probably hosting a superspreader somewhere
🤢
I feel like at this point, no matter who “wins” we in for a volatile shit show in the markets the next few weeks/months. Guh.
Holy green
HAL is a drilling company.

I don't want to drill.

I want to moon.
[deleted]
I'm drunk and trying to be funny, but I think I'm coming across as bitter and angry.  My dry sarcasm is often mistaken for seriousness when sober, and as dumb vitriol when drunk.  I need to get my shit together.
poopin n scrollin
Delusional, Big B has too much going for him. 

Donny T's whole campaign is built on attacking him, that's not a good sign.
Pump into tomorow. Dead at 3:55pm
It’s after hours
I see, well I’ve been compelled to joining the brotherhood for awhile now. The local lodge I’ve been in contact with is apparently happy in my interest in joining. I never had a chance to speak to a mason about it. I also do understand your reluctance.
Have an upvote.
But it’s always gonna recover!!  It’s the fuckin S&P. do you have any safer suggestions
[deleted]
This is the silence before the storm. Tomorrow night futures will be insane if it's anything like 2016.
What fucking changed- why is that butch dropping  

Got burn in the past so I'm scared to touch that bitch
Shit was ugly sorry about the L
You’re stupid bro. I recommend to take time to study to understand genius people’s language
🤡🤡🤡
Are these the things your true love gave to thee?
ah cool you the real mvp
Alabama goes Democrat. Bet the house
He was earlier
Yeah it is
I’ll contribute by buying one share.

I’d buy more, but I don’t have any more money left.
[deleted]
Alrighty
It’s only really when I take naps. Otherwise I’m pretty good.
Haha nice
Wow I feel you esp the lack of mother hug part
[removed]
Ban
Why won't Robinhood sell me $100 $NIO calls?!
The FBI literally broke up a right wing political assassination plot like a month ago lol
I wish we could just have two presidents and watch them fight over every issue on TV.
I’d be super fuk
Go to your local pub and ask the bartender😉
politics has scrambled peoples brains permanently at this point
Grabbed a stream on PBS, thx
Ohio, Florida, Iowa...there's a few more but idk them...
Wow thanks for the insight dude!
How come Mango isn’t freaking out and tweeting shit
They would
Well if you work at all it certainly will lol
This is the reason why all y'all broke lmao
Hold that shit!
Take it one step further and get yourself a swaddle blanket
[removed]
Took a nap after close and woke up with a huge headache like I’d been drinking. 
Stress bros. 

No open positions, but SPY puts sound about seasonal. 

This pump dump pump pattern is on a steady schedule now.
Bardio and bote
Futures rocketing 🚀 because Travis Scott deleted his Instagram.  What a time to be alive
RIP

edit: RIP me instead
Forgot an extra zero.
8pm eastern. Six months ago west coast time.
You’re assuming the willingness
One thing’s clear. No matter what the polls, no matter the stimulus news good or bad, no matter what earnings for any industry leader does.... ZM keeps dropping.


The only play that makes sense ZM puts. 

Premiums a little high, but trust me it pays .
market opens everyday at 9:30
Trump tweeted his hatred from them today but gives them insane taxes cuts.... and will continue to do so...
BAN
. 13 buying power
2 shares of nakd
Don’t even pretend bb 😉
Can’t wait for their earnings , should go nuts !!  $0
Snap puts by dec.
;)
NO.  THIS IS NOT A POLITCAL PLACE.  ONLY MONEY.  POLITICS AND MONEY ARE NOT RELATED AT ALL EVER!
if you wait you're a pussy
How did you make 49 K of 1?
[removed]
Markets report that election fears missed Q3 expectations of 80%, citing "increasing stability" in the political climate and a shortage of fanatical citizens willing to engage in violent acts.
You guys got a Chili's?
This is a domino effect. Idgaf about Belarus, but I sure as hell care they had their election blatantly rigged a couple months before our own. Everything is interconnected deliberately or not.
How much work are they doing as the prime? I did some contracting for DoD and the three companies you compared to (BA, Raytheon, and Lockheed) have a much higher profile at least in the sectors I was in. Innovation is great. Landing big contracts is better.
Ssshhh the retards here will believe anything if u call it "DD"
Why futures are ripping? Vaccine out?
I voted for pence fly
"Hurr de durr, it's not exactly 3x more"....that's what you sound like to every normal person in the world. Shut the fuck up.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why is we mooning?  I thought election time is uncertainty and fear.  Wtf.   I guess my vxx calls are going to shit
AAL calls or should I wait
My options holdings tonight are:

LBTYK 
XPER 
AMD 
FISV 
C 
CNR 
VOD 
BLL 

January 2021 or later expiration. Sold a regional bank position today for 50% (kind of regret it since expiry was April). But have $$ to deploy on the next dip. Perhaps PINS if it goes low enough
Nice one guys... coordinated bullish sentiment to trick the spying MM algos into dumping tomorrow so our puts print.  I’m in.... SPY 350C 11/6 can’t miss!  Make the stock market great again!
Think about it like...a candy bar... 

I sell u a candy bar for $5, u keep it a month...

But then I want it back...but now it's worth $6

So I buy it back..I lost a dollar...

But...if it would have been worth $4... I made a dollar
No one wants to sign a 2 year contract. I bet the sales this summer took a beating. Google took stake because of the existing customer base the RMR. Once google drops a smart home system to compete with Vivint’s it’ll be a big move with ADT as a solid name. That’s when you want to be in.
Cardio, bowflex, bate, breakfast, bate, vote
🤣 It makes me so happy you posted this. Legitimately threw every fucking reporter into another dimension when he dropped that during the covid meeting  😂  I remember thinking wtf is this fucker starting a war just to deter from this royal shitshow lol
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Firecycle114 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
NIO and BABA to the moon tomorrow!
[deleted]
And study
Picked up a few shares under 19. I may have averaged down to 25
Do they have a circuit breaker for too much winning?
I think it would be hillarious if Kanye won
Want me to pretend like a dirty slut sliding in?
Proud bulls stand back and stand buy. Calls locked and loaded
Bjs behind the Wendy's in Moscow until he is a billionaire.
yes in wisconsin, saying a supreme court decision will necessarily lead  to violence starting tomorrow
you have to go inside the anus. insert the tape measure into your anus

or, measure your finger first and use that
More than 10%. It’s be June 8 all over again.
[deleted]
This is the way
I held 205ps at one point.  What a wild and retarded ride it’s been.
It would be nice if the MMs could put out weekly reports on Friday afternoon to explain that week’s movement so i’m not just wondering for the rest of my life why this morning was green as fuck
Exactly
Thanx for reminding me too. Tomorrow looking juicy
I heard bankruptcy is bullish these days
When will the looting start tomorrow??
[deleted]
[deleted]
Imagine if you had a pony
[removed]
[removed]
If we have another up day before the results I'll buy a few more 11/06 $F puts.
The ribbing that happens when one shares the moves they are doing is the worst part of this sub. My response now I'd to ask them for positions and they don't answer because of course they can't take the same scrutiny.
Average movement is irrelevant though.  Don’t know if this strategy backtests well or not, but *average* movement has nothing to do with its profitability.
Vix printing tomorrow?
Where's he at? Live rally?
Got one about a year ago. Way more comfy, easier to fall asleep, feels like the hug my mother never gave me, and great for anxiety. Yeah, it also makes you hornier.
Holy Mcfuck, good shit op, puts it is
How on earth is that the only thing I have to defend myself. If I’m naked with an 8 inch dildo, I’m pretty fucked. If I have clothes on I can create a dildo whip.
Just after marching troops into Greenland....they had their chance.
whoa futures are green. yo i swear MMs out here stalking this sub and inverting popular sentiment 😂😂
If elected president I will ban PDT rules
Who said they'll be paid in usd? Just need some tacos and tequila.

I've been stocking up.
I tried to tell y'all to do the $GM Hummer EV trade but nah nah nah
What are your positions? Maybe I can play the opposite of em!
So 60% of the time, works everytime?
Shitting on big tech has become bipartisan. Partially why I mostly own smaller cap tech.
Being a bear is so gloomy I want the world to burn rn for my puts to print
Puts are for hedging you stoopid 🐻
[deleted]
Back then stocks cared about the state of the economy.
[deleted]
What the actual ✨fawk✨
Gym, trade, vote.
These kinds of posts make me happy that I bought puts EoD.
Alright what are the best states to bet on winning for the election? Looking to yolo some cash
Why don’t you scroll down a bit retard.  They are 1000% there.

Edit: one [here ](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmv1ax/_/gayr8w4/?context=1)

Edit two: and another one [here](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmv1ax/_/gayr7k4/?context=1)
>  this isn’t going back to normal
Who here hasn’t had a win since September? I need to stop
Libtards would still not be happy
Donnie
Up 24% today, autistic yolo trading>whatever your preaching
Democrats live near money. Republicans live near cornfields. Who cares if Republicans riot where Republicans live
Gym, trade, vote.
Shoulda used 2FA on those funds
爸爸
You can buy fractionals tbh
I thought tickers first
Thank them for their service.
listening to mango talk rn... get ready for the biggest shit show you have ever seen tomorrow
No, retard, no.
If it's not Green, Blue is still asthetically better than red.
‘That’s my boy Joe again, he so crazy’
$20? When was your entry?
Hypothesis is built on a dangerous assumption: That Trump's supporters care at all about any analysis of his chances of reelection, be out on PredictIt or any other medium.

The number of comments, posts, and online wagers shared here by people who are absolutely convinced that Trump will win pales in comparison to what people who are deeply entrenched in MAGAism and MAGA echo chambers believe.

People like me, who think Biden is the odds on favorite, have sold off the vast majority of their equities last week. Retail investors who are holding now are either convinced that Trump is going to win, or that it won't matter.

So, if the news breaks that Trump, in fact, has lost, this could be going south and very quickly, as a drop would be a self-fulfilling prophecy for MAGAers, and people convinced the market won't drop suddenly begin to find out that they're wrong.

Positions:

TGT 140p, 11/6

EBAY 44.5p, 11/6

UBER 32p, 11/6

SPY 285p, 11/16
fancy
Jeffries group LLC owns 616,000 calls on GameStop gg
[removed]
Yeah same. And mentally with cold mornings it makes getting out of bed more difficult instead of being hot & heavy
Imagine if we were in a zombie apocalypse and all you had to defend yourself with is an 8 inch dildo.
Which president is good for my tech stocks?
Wasn’t gonna vote but then NFL players with a multitude of concussions told me to
Dow futures are leading the way while tech futures are lagging lol
You gonna get a busy signal because I’m finna blow up Tina no Teeth’s phone like Vietnam in 1966
We're either born masons or not, either sleeping masons from a past age or faithful Brothers of the Light
The million dollar question
Leeeeeeroy...


... Jenkins!!!
Crispy bitch
I hear that the otc market is all the rage these days
[deleted]
[deleted]
How do you say papa in Chinese? Orrr... mandarin.
Poll on Yahoo: 77% fear election violence

Naturally market was up bigly today
[removed]
Translation: Can you autists help me sell these bags I’m holding?
Just tell us what GME strike price to go all in on
Can't wait for Europe to wake up and dump cuz they don't wanna bag hold thru this shit show
DOW is the new king.
[deleted]
I submitted my application to return working for HAL, does that count?
Which broker are you with right now?
Tomorrow is election day.  Of course that will be the only thing discussed here.  Don't want politics?  Wait till next week.
Make a shit ton of money with intraday volatility without the risk of getting caught on the wrong side of a pre-market gap down/up.
95k account and not even protected with 2FA, please consider a vasectomy
[deleted]
I did as well. When’s your exp ?
DIX and GEX saying big uppies or downies in the future... 

Which means we will trade flat.
Most people dont have 25k in there account sweaty
Shit this is either zero or hero
Chinese Elon with Daddy CCP
Oof, hope all the bears bought puts this morning on the pump.

Might be able to close them at market open for only a slight loss, vs losing it all holding through the inevitable rally after elections
I like blowjobs but fuck these political shills!

*texas guy meet me behind the waffle house dumpster*
Remember when y’all called me tarded for buying calls an hour before close?
Have what now?
Yesno
Your wife and her boyfriend are cute together
True. One extreme or the other. There will be no in between.
They’ll need a catapault to launch a rock over that 6 feet of plywood
Mods, if you have any sense of duty or humor...
420.69c jan22 I’m in
By some zip tie necklaces next time too.
JumbleJim
In media interviews with supporters, it's a common theme that Trump can't lose unless by cheating, and if he does there'll be trouble. And we know there is a militia problem. Not saying they will definitely be brave enough but they are definitely talking about it so it's possible.
you people need to realize that this render is completely unofficial and has no relation to the actual design or redesign of the truck. The retard who made it doesn't know any more than you do.
The POTUS
How much is rent under this bridge?
All spreads with premium like this. Even PYPL, I went far enough out that if it hit, I win and now I can hopefully just buy back the top of spread and be a normal investor for the same cost.
I almost took this serious because he said “serious DD”
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/4042108 tehe
These poor mods.  :(  They broke their backs during the debates.  Sons-a-bitches were in here just spouting off about things two old dudes said!  I hope tomorrow we can leave politics aside and just enjoy some good TA and financial fundamentals.
Is NIO Chinese Elon?
Break out or go *back* to pink sheets lel
[deleted]
It’s election eve, relax for a cpl days every 4 years.
Can we save Christmas with AMZN calls?
Where is the good pizza in Toronto?  I've only had pizza pizza at the Jays game and it sucked lol.
Hopefully. Gotta be a blowout in either direction otherwise we get a month of lawyers and madness
Ugh. That was a complete financial collapse and we didn’t climb until the fed came in in March.
literally have seen 0 posts or comments like that
All these political bot texts got my girl thinking I’m way more popular than I am. 

Better sign up for spam so I can keep the clout facade moving
The only thing ATH for the bear is it's ego 

Face the music - your bearish positions are a wash. Go hunt for berries, winter's approaching
Which one?
Exactly. Stonks only go up (in the long run)
[deleted]
Whatever man
Anyone here regularly use a weighted blanket and notice any difference mentally? It just makes me hornier but curious to hear others
if from your butthole to the tip of your penis is 6" that means your average sized right?
Which was worse than expected! This market is fucking retarded.
[deleted]
Are you allowed to live all by yourself? Use the stove?
Ban
Your puts, I mean *calls* are screwed
Peanut or chocolate?
I'm playing energy tomorrow: XLE calls
Don’t sleep on AAL. That hoe is fixin to break out ✈️💰✈️💰✈️
Good thing you have that 10 year warranty so when your options go to $0 and you punch the screen you’ll at least salvage the money you spent on the fridge
Should've bought the dip when it was below $18.50
Well, they're not going to change it. That picture is just #fakenews.
In 2008, the day after Obama won the election we dumped -6% but the market performed very well in the long term. We might still dump on Wednesday but long term trajectory is still upwards.
not american so idgaf who wins.

trump if you do win, just dont start a world war and im happy

i hope biden wins for my america niggas tho
Frankly, The Economist is beneath us.
A little of this, a little of that

If you don't have day trades stay the fuck out
But enough about Paypal
Holy shit yeah
[removed]
Because either candidate is a win for wallstreet
That’s why I always cracks jokes. 🤣😂😅🙂😒😢😭
The only call I'm making is to your mother
[removed]
“Tuesday event”? 

The election or is NIO doing something?
obviously they've gone to lunch
I thought I was the only one
Shhh!!!

Not yet!

I'm not done loading up fire sale prices!
Win win!
Are we mooning just to fuck all those who got puts on friday? So they sell their puts tomorrow and then wednesday, rug poule
I take card too!
What do you think we do here.
Guess who’s waking up at 5 AM to sell at premarket and joining silver and gbtc gang
[removed]
[deleted]
I hate buying puts! Like 98% of not making money
Buying a put = betting on the Giants at the half time

Buccs will adjust and come back. 27 - 19 final score.
Might buy gold depending on the outcome
I use iPhone 3g
To paraphrase Churchill, democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others.
I'm a permabull, but let's be honest here. Futures are sometimes very pointless. Could see a reversal so don't get too excited.
Maybe I'm living in a bubble since I started prepping before the 2008 economic crisis, but the rioting doesn't bug me.

It's just part of city life.
Is it just a sportsbook?
lol only 20k loss.
Why do people hold positions overnight? Trade the market you’re given each day, not the one you hope to have.
Yeah, if the market isn’t green tomorrow, I probably won’t even look at the damage  😩
sometimes I go to my local drugstore and buy magnum condoms to put over my head
Everything is politics tomorrow.
I haven’t hopped in yet, I’m waiting a week to see how the election goes. But if Biden wins, I can see weed getting close to ATHs. Which is like 1000% from most current levels. 

Good luck brother. God speed 🙏🙏
Yeah I bought OTM and already regret it. ATM put debit spreads seem way safer
Sold most my stake today but wish u luck
Was going buy FLR stock but looks like it made a massive move today.
I don't want to shoot anyone. But I will pepper spray someone in the face because it is a Tuesday and I was out of coffee. The best self defense weapon is the one that you will use without regret.
Fucking ES. Why is it mooning?
Fuck I guess I’m selling at premarket
Ups is in the same boat
Also one pound and one twelfth of a clogged artery
[deleted]
Holy shit. I almost forgot to check my dix today. I love dix.
damnnn bro how it happened. hope you make it back and then some more
CVS CALLS
I’m paying the homeless guys 10$ per 1% drop

They gonna be out all night
Investing his $50 bil a year in YOLO trades 😈
that’s my point, i’m okay with talking about how politics will affect the market. but there are plenty of political posts now that don’t talk about the market at all
I am far too levered on puts, and the Bucs
BAN
I bribed myself with food to research some new tickers but I ate the food and got back on here.
Does anyone one have any non-political thoughts about the market tomorrow?  I don't want anyone to get banned, so plays that have nothing to with any alleged major political event?  I don't want any feathers to get ruffled.
I see Labatt's and maple syrup in my future brother!!!!!
Pls protect Chick-fil-A at all costs no matter who wins.
0DTE SPY
I got leaps for Jan 2022.  It will go up when Biden gets elected but it will really jump up when there is another stimulus, sometime next year.
Retards Unite. More shares purchased this morning. See you on the moon.
Anyone like the idea of Nike or Apple calls in the event of a Biden win? Thinking it could be a positive in terms of China trade certainty
Lol you don’t have to. There’s millions of Afro-latino or Hispanic Americans who think like me. Some famous ones are Jorge Masvidal is one or Mariano Rivera is another. But they don’t exist either so never mind 😂
Geriatric slug fest.
Imagine losing 25% and still going. You deserve this life lesson.
And today
umm hol up
"Rebuilding talks going well"
You ever been gay for a few days then snapped back to being straight the next? Exactly!
god speed
Are you not worried that it didn't keep going after-hours like CGC did?
**WSBs JANITORS** 

Cleanup on aisle 69.. cleanup all this riff raff in here.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is the way
Yeah that happened
A lot of people are already fooled though
There's probably like 3 different international hit teams that will be competing to smoke him in January if he can't cover his debts.
Up 24% bruh. Good call
AMC posted a -5.70 earnings per share but is up 3.26% in the aftermarket. Ouch my puts.
I’m the M&M now
Looks like the old tundras with the shitty back doors
Well at least this shit will be over.
Why did I have to scroll this far before I saw the first comment that isn't complete bullshit? I think Elon said that they're making side windows a bit bigger and some other minor shit that really doesn't change the look that much.
old man yells at clouds
https://watchnewslive.tv/watch-cnbc-live-stream-free-24-7/
no u
I wouldn’t wheel a 3x leveraged S&P.
Watch this prediction we are opening with the Dow at +3.5% spy +3% and nassy at 1.9-2%
Futures are staying away from tech, because amid lockdowns why would you buy into tech when you can buy into travel and leisure
That's gay bro
some retards are gonna be spewing political garbage instead of stonks
Core Civic
Bananas
[deleted]
I mean....probably.
For those curious, margin call on an over leveraged JNUG position
Exactly
VSTO
AMD has been hurtin lately
Ban
yes

edit: you can also watch it here - https://watchnewslive.tv/watch-cnbc-live-stream-free-24-7/
Vote $SPY for moonbase captain!
Lol u think its just gonna go back to normal after tmr? If u do, I got a bridge to sell u bro
Biden will give a $5 store credit to GameStop to every American if elected
Bears all back in hiding or coming out saying we play both sides like they get every Fukin trade perfectly timed.
Sounds gay
Tomorrow is a gamble in the purest sense
I feel you man. Overly positive people are annoying. This guy I used to work with so optimistic it would piss me off. Maybe I’m just a cynical asshole but fuck.
Bears have to conjure up some supposed civil war if he loses so they can justify holding their -90% SPY puts.
Go for it bro: we are waiting for it to be the next nikola
Bought puts and calls cuz i’m liberated
[deleted]
The stupid shit he might tweet can be about the election being rigged.

Ya know, like he literally did Friday.
Fiscal stimulus is more effective with helping the  economy over monetary stimulus.
Young Donnie might pop off
I guess you’re right. It’s only a business transaction if someone is paying.
[deleted]
smooth
It is. See twitter @yolocapitalmgmt
Awesome, thanks for the info!
Retail has the slowest reaction speed so yes you are right.
Lol don't they already have more cash than they know what to do with ATM?
I'm let y'all finish the live thread but that Constanza meme on the front page of WSB is one of the best memes of all time
Thank god
Ban
I need a new monitor bro. Price action this week fucked my pixels.
Gee thats great. If it can then hit 26 ill break even.
Bullshit. I finger paint every day.
Not enough money for a changer yet
I noticed this today. I ended up playing some earnings because I be damn if I gonna pay 5 bucks for a ATM SPY position 2 days out
Your moms already a hoe so what are you doing
But a pussy with all his money lol.
Tel them not us r/politics
Ouch
What am I supposed to be looking at?
Wheel UPRO or AMD?
Clearance sale puts tomorrow morning at the open again would be a dream.
Guys, what happened, I thought we all became bearish
[removed]
If Trump wins, there will be riots and looting.
Just buy the stock
Cash= 🚀
Hold the spy puts til Friday/Monday or try to cut losses ASAP?
You don’t make 3x the amount on options compared to the same option on qqq, dumbass
Live coverage starts at 6pm eastern on PBS
This only works if you are Papa Musk
Don’t need a mask if I don’t have a face *taps forehead*
Aphria Aphria Aphria Aphria Aphria Aphria Aphria Aphria Aphria
[deleted]
F.  Meant covered calls.  Good catch.
Market already corrected for blue wave. No matter who wins we're going up.
GSK
Be theta gang then
S&P +2-3% by open

book it
How the fuck can you separate politics from the market at this point
If you riot tomorrow your moms a hoe
democracy is pretty okay when people express their own ideas and don't get sucked into reality tunnels created to manipulate them
Wife’s boyfriend said I’m not allowed
vodka
What China doing 🇨🇳🇨🇳
I know him, he is me!
I thought they gave you that award when you were born
Going to be nice to get back to normal after tomorrow. We can return to the stonks only go up, stimmy talks are going well and AMD is going to buy Tik Tok rallies non stop.
Yeah I’m gonna have to go ahead and not believe you.
That magazine is now too stupid to ever read.
I think the maga train folks will be out cruising for trouble if he loses. Die hard trump voters believe in mail fraud (even a lot of police officers believe if he loses its rigged)
TEXAS, I am giving free blowjobs if you go blue.
An escort
Holy shit you are a moron
I’m going all calls after the election and probably getting fukt anyway
There won't be riots if he wins. There will probably be riots if he steals.
It’s TD Ameritrade’s advanced trading app
Good
I ain’t playin!
Remember to factor in Congress.
Word. I have been looking at his calculations for a solid 15 minutes and I still have no idea whats going on. Doesn't look like any DCF I've ever seen. The fact that this has 600 upvotes worries me.
They just called ur name, congratz
Putin
Well see bb. Spy hitting 250 by Friday man
tbh the aliens are already priced in too, as long as they leave the fed and financial institutions intact. Nothing else matters to the market.
What explains it is the belief people have that it props up prices. QE itself doesn't lol, the Fed doesn't have the legal authority to buy stocks.
Another bull trap. Classic.
Anotha one
Watch the big move everyone was expecting happen next week 😂

Poor FD holders never stood a chance
What’s their overhead? Rent?
Do they pay upfront for their product?

They should just pull a Dr. Mann from Interstellar and hibernate until someone wakes them up.
No one does TA here anymore
Trump 2024! /s
Not that easy bucko! Contested election almost certainly. Riots no matter what. Vix tearing your sphincter into your throat and back out the other end. Enjoy 2020!
Might want to check out when they expect to sell their first vehicle
Ya and when sport teams win championships dumbasses riot, it happens. People perpetuating like the end of civilization is on us,
[deleted]
When will we know who wins the smallest micro penis award?
For those curious ones, it reads:

“Or you might think of users of “r/wallstreetbets”, a forum on Reddit, another social-media site, who post “loss porn”: screenshots of their accounts on Robinhood, an investing app, after betting their life savings on short-dated derivative shares in Tesla, an electric-car maker”
Cash money flow money
🇺🇸 Brad Paisley - Today 🇺🇸 🥭☺️🇺🇸
Jian-Yang!
I’m hoping my man
[deleted]
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.

Sagan, Carl
Yup...America is a complete joke, what else is there to say? 🤣
Investopedia my guy
I’ve been interested in becoming a mason.
If it makes you feel better she is probably smiling to hide her crushing depression.
You would have made more if you sold your original 20 shares at the final sale price
Apple special event on nov 10: major share offering announced lmao
What's thinkorswim before I Google it
A call is not a put 

You do get to keep the premium no matter what tho
calls on window companies?
just watched a snap of someone driving through chinatown and it's exactly like this as well
Yeah that’s why I just went ahead and bought uvxy and puts. No way either of them takes a loss easily.
Jpow will not let this economy dump and he has done a very good job much better than trump
Actually yes it is lol
One of the chicks I’m talking to mom just asked if I had an extra gun.  

Told her it’s not a good idea for people that aren’t familiar and aren’t prepared to use it. 

Just pack a bug out bag and I’ll get you because I know y’all can cook. 

🤠🥂🔫
[deleted]
Your right they shoot up churches and schools instead.
ding ding ding

people are hyping up unrest and rally/rug pull way too much, going to be a big disappointment

This is literally no different than 2016 except Trump taught America every retard deserves to have his voice heard
Rip in peace
Which movies? I like movies but they’re all shit lately.  And Adam Sandler is in all of them.
Facts. This dude fucks
Yeah you're probably good to grab pizza for dinner or a little later and watch coverage.  The west coast won't be done voting until like midnight EST.  Alaska and Hawaii don't really matter.

A lot of the swing states are in the Midwest so they close an hour behind.  Obviously most of the results won't be finalized until a lot later but usually things stay pretty much in proportion to what the early results are showing.
yes you can. TQQQ is one of them I use.
TLRY, ACB, CGC, GRWG will all moon if Biden wins
🤟🏻 Right on.Got my lotto calls before close 500 @ $5 strike 11/27.
Long MGM. Their mobile gaming app is fucking legit.
Nice. AAPL looks sharp here. ER was ruff all around
I hope someone steal my civic. this thing does not die.
Nothing controversial or contested about it.

Mango is going to get decimated. There won't be anything to even contest.
Yes, TQQQ
Sure the fuck am. My parents fled wars in Central America in 1980s.
Okay Hitler
[removed]
Americans
If biden wins, im going to jerk one off to feel better then have several beers and listen to Today by Brad Paisley till i pass out 🇺🇸
Jesus this does not belong here try r/wallstreetbets
How did you find someone to willfully have sex with you?
whenever they're done counting. with all the mail in votes who knows how long it will take. might be wednesday, might be later. it's been a weird year.
$$$ did
dont open rh
Futures with the ole pump and pump
kanye
After polls close they count all the votes. The actual electoral votes are cast some time in December I think

But the vote results from tomorrow determine how the electors vote (unless they are a “faithless elector”)
both
Puts on halo clementines
Because if it happens before Friday I won’t get to keep my premium on the calls I sold?
Dump it
IV will drop to around 50. Ill be profitable above 174ish
Now you’re making me feel bad. Octopus is just an insanely brilliant alien water chameleon, but then also Calamari...
Cash.
I lost money on Wing puts a couple of years ago I think, so I will never order from them again.
You sound young and dumb
Roughly around 1 week from tomorrow
I honestly don’t even want to bet on the election. IV is so high that I am certain theta gang will find a way to fuck me.
[deleted]
Sucking off Five Guys behind a Wendy’s isn’t group sex.
Like it or not, our elections have worldwide impact. Much more so on our two largest trade partners in Mexico and Canada.
[deleted]
Same ole same. Bad week, chanced the ATVI er and missed. Picked up some month out AAPL calls.
Who won election
If you aint long hunker down and wait it out
Facts never shorting American again 🇺🇸
this is not a political forum, go back to r/politics or r/conservative i don’t give a shit what side you’re on
We have aggressive trading strategies here. We’re just trying to get rich quick bitch!
Who's making the "lasagne" ETF
We get it you bought puts.
Krahndaddy is right
idk they're just annoying as fuck 

like why are you so happy are you not 100% leveraged on 3x SPY bear etfs?
Thank you WSB bears
We will start getting results in the evening as clear winners are decided.
No the fuck you are not lmao
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fu k the horde
Purchased a last minute PayPal call at close. 🙃
Uhh well.. Guh
You are hilarious.
Alllllll the way in Toronto lmao
It happened multiples times across multiple cities, but essentially yes.

If you are peacefully protesting and someone who is not associated with your movement starts a riot, you should go home.
I like you
So how does one make the 3x gains on a leveraged ETF? Or should my retard self just stick to spy
Ok
this has been an unbelievable year. short the shit outta nasdaq and ride the glorious SPY up to heaven!
Monster hurricane
ICLN
stfu f@q
Good luck man.
5% down week, massive down 2 week, small bounce?

Retard ber: "RIGGED"
You just bought volatility on the eve of a major event which will suck volatility out of the market. Bold move Cotton.
I’m actually black and Hispanic first generation American. Numbnut lib
Link? Genuinely interested, not surprised tho
How much money do you need to have to not care about 100k?
Democracy is a joke
Wings
Confirmed Golden-Arches pattern
Don’t trip bro I’m all in. We are gonna hit on Wednesday
God please be this. My calls are down like 75% right now
Probably the best choice
Wya? Come chill at my place in South Carolina
That's been my problem. I am just 100% certain this whole thing will crash a day after I sell. Just deciding if I blow $1k or $5k
HAHAHAHHAHA
already done that
No. 3x etf options account for the leverage
So pardon my retardedness but
people go in and vote tomorrow. When do the electoral votes (the ones that actually matter) get submitted? In the evening?
Very true, it's scary the way the world is turning
Theta gang, I'm betting on huge IV crush as soon as the election is decided one way or the other.
The only breaths allowed here are in and out of the mouth. No nose breathers allowed!
Agreed. I’ve been selling puts on it for the last month all expiring this week and next. I only have a few contracts left to close. I think the spike is about over.
I watch Europe and Canada too. It's good to have a general idea and have some sort of comparison of how things are run outside the US
I was just saying this same exact thing earlier today.
Dude - it can’t even touch the seat.  He probably pisses all over his own pubes.
I literally don't care. Personally neither of them will change my life lol
PA, FL, OH, MI 

Are the states that matter.
Yeah watch out you’ll either be banned by the lib-bot mods or downvoted till you dissapear
same to you
Need to correct you here. Generally the countries we have invaded or have overthrown their governments, openly hate America. The rest of the world wants us to be better, you know, live up to our awesome hype, like we tell them in the movies.
Wings
Honestly if either of them is a clear winner we are probably green. If it is close and once of them contests the result then red.
Yup pretty much
Calls baby
Why would you care when it happens then
[deleted]
It's possible. Iam holding some weekly puts as a hedge against my calls. If there's a drop I am selling and flipping back to calls
Die
Order some Wingstop and double their revenue
It's all a trap this week. There is no trend until we're past this nonsense, best you can do is guess in the morning and pray.
Wake me when this f***ing market is done with its PMS symptoms. Eat a can of spinach already for f*** sake will ya! Tired of buying puts and getting smoked to adjusting to puts and getting smoked again. I've lost $45,000 in the last month and it's depressing. If anyone has some good plays they want to give me, that would be great. I also have an onlyfans if you guys are into what loss porn looks like in detail.
Hey. You guys remember when the navy went to war with venezuela to stop drug trafficking

That was a weird 30 minutes
Cause this is WallStreetBet
all in AMC GME ENRN NKLA
Just got off from a 18 hour flight, how much money have my spy 320p made me
i agree with him though, this isn't the sub for that.
You’re probably some fat retarded redneck whining at those damn libruls lmao, how pathetic
Phenes
There's more scenarios involving you losing a lot of money than there are you winning, but if you win it will hit big.

You're retarded, but better lucky then good.
logic lulz
If any of those states are called for Biden it won't matter, he will just be ignored like he usually is.
Do people not realize that businesses are boarding up in preparation for  a Trump win. If Trump wins literally every major city will explode with riots. If Trump loses I doubt there will be any riots. Stop being so delusional. The right doesn't loot and riot like the left does and this is coming from a Biden supporter.
It’s so retarded it just might work. Sign me in and sign me out.
I bet those rioters don't bother to cast their votes
Bro this company already went bankrupt once
I hope this thing pumps hard. Got some big leaps that would pay off nicely.
People are excited asf chill
And Biden is endorsed by Lady Gaga. Why tf should we care about it in this sub?
Ban
Who u/jaydon1 ???
we prefer the term "handi-able"
A big fat green dildo
cannabiz
You just mad cause you gonna lose tomorrow
You're dumb
Cry? I’m laughing at the joke lmaooo
Bidets always win.  If you still wipe with paper you’re from the dark ages.
Dude there’s 3 WC this year. The entire NFC West might get in. And have a little faith in Coach Bro; Kliff might be on to something.
you guys realize it’s 9:30 right? A lot can happen in 12 hours. you retards need to take a breath
try to fuck her she sounds rich
Heat that shit up
Very under rated play. These will print HUGE if Biden wins
Downvote = 1 extra time j@rtek 's small pp touches the inside of the toilet bowl tomorrow
Tomorrow night.  All night.  It’s like the Super Bowl if the Browns were playing the Bengals and nobody liked either team, but you gotta choose one because fuck it, that’s the rules.
What should I order tomorrow for the election?
No. You can buy options, but it's retarded.
hahahha...Americans today are WAY too fat and LAZY to start a civil war...if anything it will be a tweet war...everyone is completely full of shit in this country 🤣
Meme stonk of the week to ride in election tendies?
Their user name might be a hint.
They ded - this isn’t going back to normal for another 9 months at best
It works until it doesn’t
Recent? ***EVER***
Post loss porn in 3 months please
Put your hands up on the toilet, put one leg on the tub, it’s my new dance move, I just don’t know what to call it
And other companies are reporting record breaking earnings lol yet drill
Lmao i report my first group sex experience to the WSB boys and get downvoted to hell. Why the animosity?

DKNG $36c 11/6 NIO $40c 1/15/21
Aurora cannabis!
100% of mine is 🙃
i don’t understand how republicans came to the conclusion that the looters were democrats. because a group of people took advantage of protests and immediately associated them with dems ?
[deleted]
Unbelievable
It’s not like Trump caused those directly, unlike JPOW.

Remember when Trump was looking into firing JPOW in 2018 for being hawkish? JPOw then turned into a beautiful dove and Munchkin engaged the PPT. Good times. The best of times.
Wrong sub man
position or GTFO
In this world son, a garbage earnings report is the most bullish thing out there
Yep it’s listed as “Trader TV” on the app.

I watch Kramer reeeee every morning on the toilet
Better than nothing.
Fjord is a banned ticker on WSB because of market cap requirements
Wow, all the retards are in this sub tonight. Even more so than usual.
The world needs ditch diggers
Good buddy how you doing. Only new ones I picked up HIG and cash until Wed. Tried trading SBUX on ER and missed, sold Friday AM
No
What time will the results starts? In eastern time?
Whenever I have lasagne for dinner, we rally the next day. It is sitting in the fridge, and I'm seriously considering it
49ers r kil 

Good chances they do
i remember popping in and being very confused but intrigued. didn’t return until 2018 i think.

ahhhh memories
Yeah sorry forgot trump supporters were out burning down their own cities like baboons
Oooh, that's a nice car
Trillions of spending? Yes, please!
If I were a betting man I’d choose biden
[removed]
Forgot about the infinite fiscal and monetary stimulus making money meaningless
Can you buy options on a leveraged ETF & make 3x the money?
https://youtu.be/EW0cLM9Kj1Q
This makes no sense. Tuesday are usually red but on the day of elections when America could go to shit, they are Green ?
I’m such a degenerate that I’m gambling on TIF this week.
i fucking love that shit

i hate cnn, but i cant get enough of their bigass touchscreen. i watch cnn once every 4 years for that sweet interactive map.
Twitter Calls
They know the rip off the new systems is priced different letsss gooo
No doubt the thread will be fun here!
What's up with Nicaragua
Tomorrow at like 8pm est the early counts start getting reported, so it should be entertaining for a bit. If its anything like bush v gore shit will go to midnight into the next morning
He’s baaaaaaaaaaack 😮😮😮😮
Let’s celebrate with an orgy pile. No girls allowed cause they’re icky.
Oo I thought it was showing on the screenshot ...620
Retards are now gambling to Tuesday results, that’s why volume is low pre Tuesday event
Lmao
P/E is insane, but alcoholism is the prime sign of the times. Truly is definitely king of the seltzer market, it's every girl's favorite.
i did actually
Yes
Next week, I sold $20 covered calls expiring Friday.
I live in Toronto
Really soft in here. Idk about you guys but I’m rock hard holding these CGC calls
This upcoming rally going to make me lose no nut November real fast.
M shaped decovery or whatever.
[deleted]
OP got hacked moments after this post, for obvious reasons...
charge ur fking phone
Get a beer and come here and shoot some shit 😂
you can simply gtfo and solve the problem for yourself.
You're not wrong, I am quite bored
[deleted]
That is such a ridiculous stat, cause there’s going to 0 in thousands of cities. But if you insist that major cities speak for all America I don’t understand what you’re trying to say.
You need more BABA
Holy Gluck.
Biden + democrats going to sweep the election, means markets will jump 3-5% if not more.
All day will be like a sports game with percentages from each state thrown up on some kind of insane infographic
Put that giant brain of yours to work and make an educated guess, smitty
Wait are you serious? I would close Merrill for that
UVXY is brutal on any side.
Good luck to you amigo
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nevalost777 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
face melting rally if bidet wins
Good for you. I've been meaning to get back into weed stocks. My favorite used to be TLRY, but lately GRWG looks tempting.
I’m so bullish and want to dump more into Jan calls but idk what to do
Beavers! How are you man? Lemme hear the positions
Long Live WSB!
She’s a hard 8 and naa
We’ll have a good idea tomorrow of who it’ll be but because of mail-in ballots and legal issues, we’ll see the results be contested for at least a couple weeks
[deleted]
Touché?
[removed]
What time zone are you in?  The polls closing the soonest are on the East Coast, closing around 9pm New York time.
tomorrow around 9-10pm est
You can totally beat the index. The index is up 3% sunce June
Vermin ❤️
RKT $23 EOW
They're pretty liberal over there, so they'll probably be happy when biden wins. Or cry because it isn't Bernie.
How bored do you gotta be to watch another country’s election results. Go hiking or some shit.
Europe on lockdown? Rising Covid Cases? 200k+ dead? Most controversial and Possibly contested election in recent memory? 

*Bullish*
Upstate SC actually
Until Mr Trump, the Lord of Retards acknowledge us, we still have something to accomplish
I have never seen that spelling of childish, I like it
Tomorrow GET WINGZ TO!
I'm hoping it's something like changing the airplane cockpit-style steering wheel to the regular circle shape, and nothing else. 

The steering wheel in the preview models is ridiculous and impractical. Everything else should stay the same.
Ayeeee
SPWR or CGC. Three more states could legalize tomorrow. AZ looks to be the most likely.
god can we get rid of all the politics talk. unless you are talking about how a biden/trump victory will impact stonks gtfo
I live in DC and can confirm it’s like a war zone before the battle. 

Went into my office today (it was a ghost town) and every building from the Capitol, to Georgetown, to downtown is boarded up. Roads are closed. Barricades are up. Helicopters are flying over neighborhoods at low altitude. 

It’s fucking nuts bro. 

For proof here’s a photo from the front of an office near the Capitol. Every place in DC looks like this. 

https://i.imgur.com/lmbMmqp.jpg
Lockdowns and giving people money make it so the hospitals don’t get overrun bro, like how they are currently. Have u read about el paso,Texas? They have people dying in the hallways bec they don’t have enough space.

Also if your great supreme fuckhead leader is correct and a “safe vaccine” is coming thru soon don’t u think it would be a good idea to wait these 1-2 months at home and then give everyone the vaccine? Saving lives and not destroying hospitals ?
[deleted]
yeah im debating whether i want to yolo on it or not. I'm thinking an at the money weekly might be worth the gamble right before earnings if spy holds 320 and qqq bounces after election

i think a 2021 call would definitely end up printing at some point. qcom has eliminated most of their bear cases like the lawsuit in the past year. Think it's going to keep getting multiple expansion like during dot com. It's a retirement stock + high yield so safe and cheaper than AMD/NVIDIA. Also QCOM held 50 day in sept-oct and AMD/NVIDIA didn't
Very true lol
I for one, am all for a pony-based economy
Of course, always do. 🤔
i agree, but i wonder why that is, especially if you don't even know them
Both
civilized ? you don’t keep up with the news very often do you
A week or two ago would have been good
I hope the Giants upset the Bucs!

I need my Cardinals to get a wildcard spot
I cant believe amc didnt tank after that horrid earnings report. They pretty much said they have 1 more quarter left before they are bankrupt. I guess that's bullish
Not my proudest fap
You could marry him if you cared.
Tomorrow night bro
well, I got the hat...
[deleted]
The main reason was to save energy but that's not true any more. It's just tradition.
That’s weird I don’t remember being trapped in my house or being at war the last 4 years?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your mom sometimes bites my nips a lil too hard
Ruh roh
You just live in Chicago
[removed]
Sounds like a great idea
Mine has to look like my pinewood derby car from cub scouts.
You know you can edit reddit comments right lmao
[deleted]
Quick question. Not an American. I want to grab a pizza and watch the election results. Is that something I do tomorrow, or on the 4th when the final decision is made?
What’s your strike??!
So are we bears now or what?
Just asked my buddy (Trump supporter) this. As someone who's got no party affiliation I'm genuinely curious, and also wonder what the last 2 months will look like. If he'll mess things up before Biden goes in
Older than you chico
Did y’all know that you can watch CNBC on ThinkOrSwim for free?
isn’t it great
ItS dIfFeRent THiS tiME
[deleted]
Cashola
😉
Nah, no one using scissors these days
Hopped on CGC last week, can see it going to 30
Who hurt you
Have we ever heard back from the master jelqer? I feel like we made a grave mistake by running him out of this sub.
I am a data analyst and my wife is an occupational therapist our baby will be an analrapist
[deleted]
How was this sub in 2016?

Wait, how old is this sub?
I told you so
I think its just 4 consenting adults having a good time on empathogens
Fuck daylight savings ending all my homies love daylight savings
TTWO calls baby
SPY 328p 11/27
Any odds of kanye or vermin supreme win? Gotta hedge correctly
It should give a fuck if Biden wins and he ends up doing another lockdown
Crazy
Why do I feel like we gonna have a 4% move up if Biden wins? This feels really weird tbh
is he still around? RIP
[removed]
Puts on Nicaragua
Nope. ACB was appointed ahead of time for a reason.
I got 11/13s. If we land in the middle of the channel they should expire +120%
Are you a mason?
Zero trades today which is rare for me. Still licking wounds from last week. SQ gonna beat me up tomorrow for PYPL earnings.
[deleted]
Really?? 😱😱 Congratulations!!
Cash but watching markets pre open and 1hr within before i fuck around and lose money regardless
Wut is rong with my grammar
Positions or ban
[removed]
No one is going to riot or loot because their party didn't win.

The only reason there are even talks about riots is because Trump keeps fucking saying that he will reject any votes counted after election night, or any call made after election night, which is ridiculous.


It's pretty simple: 

democracy = no riots

stomping on democracy = riots

as it should be.
Really gay
I like you
CGC
Bro y u cry
Another fake pump before election? 🤨
Either we gap up green bigly or all the short bets on the market will cause a short squeeze to make us go green. The choice is yours
As if Biden doesnt have his own rich friend. Delusional
🤮
This looks like its from 1997 wtf
Not a problem my guy i’ll buy your bets at a 30%  gain and turn around and sell the premium to some libtard
Lol not only are futures green, they’re fucking mooning
That does sound nice, I may switch to TOS in fact due to this one simple fact
Holy shit. Drank two beers and can feel it.. sober October has made me such a lightweight. And honestly? Not even mad. This is awesome.
I knew I should have been MORE greedy while everybody was so fearful last week. 🤷‍♂️
No thanks
FR. I just check the time and was like wow it's way early
Everyone used to have one - I wouldn't trade it for a different flair though, now it's so old it's basically a collectable
Yet has significantly better grammar than you...
No we are civilized. we will probably just bitch and post memes for the next 4 years since we won’t have anything else to do due to lack of available work
this made me kek
)’(
Everyone is bullish again, thankful I didn't sell my puts
😂😂
Intel puts
Count the amount of windows broken by people on the right tomorrow
Truth hurts bitch boy
Nah we gotta work the next day
I averaged down Ba twice with more contracts ,and -100% and with in  the month of expiration I was almost 800% up
Unless SpaceX goes to Mars, then Tesla will go up by proxy.
Cash. Not tryna get my cheeks clapped. I’ll wait to find out who the president is before I invest more
Yo mama
They’re too fat to get off the couch and too stupid to get themselves organized.
No, when democrats win guns go up, because fears for prohibition of guns make the sales go crazy.
I heard Biden had a hit team out to get 🥭 after he wins
WA/OR?
This is some bullshit. Doesn’t take an Ackman to dump life savings in NIO at $30
They have jobs to go to
⛈ Will Pass for WSBs President 


*make WSBs great again* 

For those of you who don’t know who that is I have a WSBs book for sale, autographed, rare collectible ($2,000 obo)
[removed]
I want every 🌈🐻 who posts about how they’re raking in tendies to post their actual positions 

I think half of them are legit and the other half are poor LARPers.
TTWO calls
if there's a legitimate shooting war in the states I would bet a lot of money on Norinco.
All in SPY 11/04 305P
[removed]
Weed leaps
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Exactly, at least now he doesn’t have to worry about it, silver linings....
To quote black panther 

“We don’t do that here”
The left riots and loots.

The right parades with weapons on their hands.
Sir this is an Arby's
There's a link to it in this post genius
No

and this isn’t r/politics
NOt all of us have puts expiring in 3 months
Whenever snek is top 3 on awards the next day is green.  Food for thought.
Dude they are pricing in a 2.5 trillion stimulus that’s why. BA will fucking soar.
No Im not a cuck commie like u little man. Just be forewarned little bitches like you get stepped on usually. Keep mouthing off like you do and ur gonna catch a hot one sooner than later. Brace little cuck u are
You idiot
you live there? or saw photos
Again the real mvp in the comments.
Nothing pisses me off more than seeing futures +20
This subs a meme. Not everyone is getting hundreds of thousands of dollars or laughing off 5 figure losses
Oui

Wsb can be a lagging indicator
Positions or ban.
I don't pick to beat the index, I pick to gamble or collect dividends.
Shit, it's only 6 but feels like midnight because it's pitch black outside.
Half the building would have to be private rooms to jerk off to loss porn.
Came here for this comment and knew it would be here. Ugh.
Fed intervention
They’re all such snowflakes
2-3 votes maybe
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE63HmOYGps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE63HmOYGps) 6:20
[removed]
> ALGN

great earnings beat. But does the price keep going? any others?
Lol like two city blocks will be on fire. The rest? Just more bums
Money is money.
Positions or ban.
Damn looks like selling SPY 11/4 334 calls earlier was a bad move. Should have sold QQQ
anyone else playing BHC premarket earnings? fully loaded on Jan Calls
Wouldn't be surprised with a melt up bull trap. Aapl weekly 120 was only $0.09 a piece today. Fully prepared for bloodbath in the coming months though
Next-door Neighbor’s car was just stolen from driveway. Civil Unrest confirmed.
Is there a term for that kind of cucking
Damn DC looks like it's getting ready for the purge. I may have underestimated the crazy in this country..
You can have it enable but still have the message there
is your girlfriend hot? and can I get her phone number?
[removed]
Or ban
Omg, a true “BOTH SIDES” guy. What’s it like to give yourself fellatio?
Short nqz20
He will not concede. He will be inaugurated.
Yeah I know. That’s why I’m saying it’s 50/50 what wsb thinks. Don’t really know what to inverse rn.
I can’t believe the amount of snowmen in this sub
Don’t suck my dick
I'd eat a mcrib
Calls on winchester
the “One More Thing” phrase has long been used by Apple — particularly by former CEO Steve Jobs — in keynotes for significant product announcements. The last time Apple used the phrase was for the announcement of the iPhone X in 2017
Yes so what do you think it will do
[deleted]
She gonna show her feet, or naw?
And they drag this out for another month - Market rallies again Presidential decision hopes!
The real high IQ are voting Kanye
Cucked,
Lol you’ve got serious issues buddy.
Futures on a moon mission. I don't understand
I’m new to wsb. What I observed is market does exactly opposite of majority of the sentiment here.
That’s a good place to be for a societal meltdown. Salt the Salmon but mind the killer whales.
Sugar is extracted by swabbing Nancy Pelosi’s cooter
Only if JPOW wants a second-term.

JPOW has broken down under political pressure before, like in 2018 and in the summer of 2019.
You are the one constant in all your dysfunctional relationships.
Agreed they're all crooks but if be lying, if after reading all the facts, I thought they were equal
It’s streaming on Hulu live
If trump wins tomorrow Portland is going to explode... like literally explode lmao
You need more capitol simply. If you want to make smart decisions it's very hard with low capitol. Spend a few hundred going yolo to make a couple thousand sound way better than making smart decisions. Save your money pay off all debts and when you have like 10k to make good choices then start.
Good to know
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/11/02/upshot/polling-what-trump-needs-to-win.amp.html%3f0p19G=0232

Suck my dick, nerd
I'm old enough to remember life B.C. - Before Covid
Might be the first DD I've ever seen on here that makes sense. Good luck retard.
Ban
I haven't found a single poll that included Kanye West with others might be a surprise he might get 2-3% easy
If it was up to pajama traders who trade futures, SPY would be at $600 by now. They pump this shit up to the moon every single night.
Is it a hard pride pill to swallow when you realize "you can't beat the index" hand picking stocks as an investor. HOLDING for pride.
You’re in the wrong subreddit potna
That -13 ain’t looking so hot for Bucs betters 😅
How liquid are the options? If they do jump up on earnings, are you going to be able to sell the call?
The movie pass CEO?
AOCs gona fly topless on a jetpack tomorrow to raise awareness for large kahunas
This Market is like Icarus but it's wings weren't made with sissy wax, they're made from fucking DEEP OTM SPY calls and this rocket ship aint stopping till we get to the fucking sun and fuck it in the fucking face. NOW PASS ME ANOTHER LINE OF YAY COSMO because these marbles aren't going to **SHOVE THEMSELVES UP MY ASS**
Portland people are already planning to, I saw on Twitter
If they don’t answer to the most powerful man in the world, 😂😆 I mean...
Righto.
You still have tomorrow
Nio
Oh nice response. See you libs’ problem is nothing is never enough for u. U want to cancel everything that doesn’t conform to your soy boy beta ideology. You’re lucky we never meet or Id rip your commie head from your body You little shit.  I’m sure ur still butthurt from getting your girlfriend stolen by an alpha male sure sounds like it u little bitch. Go fuck your self
Run
U r probably even dumber than you sound
Kim Jong Un accidentally pressing the nuclear button because of his fat finger = priced in
USA puts
You know the answer.
he's crying at an empty AMC theater
Put it in ARKK - it’s an etf that invests in innovative tech companies.
Medicine dont work when you actually need it 👌
I'm NEVER ignoring Bullish Divergence in the RSI ever again...
Trump was the president at the time
TSLA
tsla weekly calls
Amc
I have the same fridge. Sometimes the ice gets caught out of the ice maker and melts. You’ll end up with water on top of the freezer door. Other than that it’s kind of a fun fridge.
https://twitter.com/firstsquawk/status/1323435295321120768?s=21

Bruh if they are saying it’s narrow then that means trump has got to be up. I’ve had my money on Biden this whole time but now I’m seriously thinking a trump upset
McRib is coming back 

Even more calls
Me going broke has nothing to do with either of them, it has everything to do with buying tech calls at the top.
Vivint is eating their lunch. That’s why. So many better plays regardless. But best of luck.
AMD
🌈 🐻 Here. Can someone please put me in shambles
Buy week incoming
[removed]
Chill cuh
[deleted]
Can you drop your agenda please this is a stocks forum. Mods? otherwise a discussion on redlining will be required which would also violate rule 4 as I understand.
CODX
Hmm, wonder if I should’ve picked up solar calls in case of a Biden W
Or o&g calls for a Trump W
Stupid me
I brought popcorn and my RH account, please shoot it
40x 328p / 323p debit spreads. 11/4
Thanks for the feedback.
Proof or ban
Goes both ways but the right will be throwing probably the biggest bitch fit because the left already have experienced the shock/lose already,
Holy futes we gonna hold this pump to open?
Remember June 11? Or late 2018? JPOW did that 😭
lol if you think Mango gonna concede
Why would one panic sell?
Well that escalated quickly
Positions
ADT is fuk unless they partner with google for some sick home vids
I dont care as much about the winner more about the play and inversing the inverse of the inverstation while of course inversing
😂😂😂
07 jackass
Sold puts in nvidia, tesla, amazon, and GME. Got a little scared last week but they all stopped right at my break even. Only up from here
What's up with the repost? Ban for spamming
This guy called it
There is bearish divergence forming namely higher prices on weaker momentum. I'm keeping an eye on it for quick puts but retard strength can come back at any time so not staying in it long if I do find an entry lol
Damn did I miss this boat?  I was trying to work as much as possible before the shit show began.
#KODK FD'S
It is, except we skipped right to 1929
Bruh shamelessly flexing 0.01% gain in 7 years
I wish because then there would be 2 of me and it would only take half as long to get things done.
You still haven’t enabled 2fa with 100k in there after what’s happened the last couple of weeks? Congrats, you are the poster child for this place
I want to put it. I understand 5G might have boosted sales but even if it beats the expectations, I don’t think a company so huge is going to go any higher than this. It has a higher chance of going down considering what happened to msft and others after earnings.
[deleted]
I don’t see why not, sure
What happened to the retard that said AMC was going  to make a comeback and movie theaters are more critical to the economy than airlines?
My grandma divorced three times, insists she's not the problem
[deleted]
$27.27
Yeah someone’s gotta run the foundation and it ain’t me
Oh boy the teenagers are back :(
well if you take a ceiling breaking stock like amazon, it rose to 1700 and consolidated for close to 2 years. but I think we are kind of in this feedback loop of leverage where things continue to intensify and move faster as we go deeper into this bull run. if you zoom out to max on Amazon's total chart, what took years might now only take months. so i could see it initiating another big leg up at any moment

if you want to wait for the trend to demonstrate itself, thats probably sane. i took the insane choice of hoarding calls in a low IV environment. might not see a low IV again when it matters TBH
Because the market is finally pricing things with earnings/guidance rather than continue to bubble corona/home economy hype.  Big money taking risk off the table.

Watched my gf do sex things with another dude’s gf this weekend. Hot as fuck, would do it again
Make US tech 100 great again
Where the fuck is Mario Judah?
i bought uvxy... im in danger.
SPY puts
At this point if North Korea fire war heads at the major city’s of the world s&p would drop .73%  at morning and be up 1.5% EOD being already priced in
I’ve been getting a hard on for Adobeeeee
You really are obsessed with me

livin' rent freeeeee baby

i have no idea what's in your portfolio because i don't think about you, at all.
Look up very helpful
The fed don’t answer to anyone
Because boomers are the ultimate TP hands
SPXU looks interesting.  I dont think it ever reverse split looking at long term chart
>Powell was nominated to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors by President Barack Obama


>The chair is nominated by the President of the United States from among the members of the Board of Governors, and serves a term of four years after being confirmed by the United States Senate



yeah hes fine
you'd think, we'll see
That appears to be the case
BA is my stock, one of the hardest stocks to trade right, get back on the horse another time
Quadruple circuit breaker infinite witching reverse cowgirl ludicrous panic mode **engaged!**
But muh puts
Just imagine where we would’ve been if rona didnt happent 🚀🚀 I still remember people saying this was going to be the roaring 20’s all over again smh f 🇨🇳
If Mango loses, he's going to start binge eating Big Macs to cope with his loss.

Calls on $MCD.
If we all donated just $1 we could keep all the soup kitchens in any city supplied for the winter.

But nah, all in on calls, SPY 335 EOW.
idiot trump losing is already priced in. markets will go up with biden because they know he'll do stimulus ASAP.  markets will go up very quickly if dems take the senate AND the white house.
I’m hating myself for buying puts the other day but, this can easily reverse but for now FUCK ME
Just buy calls on the SPY. Either way you good
Sold all my puts for a 50% loss.  Bought NIO FDs  calls for Wednesday and a Chinese flag with what was left over
What’s your first buy once the panic selling starts?
Thanks for proving my point? LOL
Downvote if your Grandmas a hoe
This was spot on nice work
Nah. You haven’t been here over the weekend. Plenty of people expecting Biden to win by a landslide.
I agree.
The fed doesn’t answer to 🥭
[deleted]
Sorry your puts are going down
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not salty, I’m just being real. I knew what was going on when I heard QE infinity and big fat stimmy back in late March. It was so obvious.
RULE 4
Bought more calls eod for eow after premium got crushed. My hedge for my sqqq call spreads. If we go down tomorrow I make a killing on sqqq and nio could still be up. If we go up tomorrow I make a killing on the nio cuz it’s gonna go up even harder than the market. Then use those tendies to avg down on my sqqq.
I appreciate that, gl on all your positions coming up
One of the analyst say

If Biden win market will rally 10-15 %

If Trump win market will rally 15-20%

If there is no result for a week or two market will rally 5-10%

Cheers!
Cramer said so

https://youtu.be/LKQMOcebJlo
US annexes Canada, just because Trump needs a new hat for his empire, and renames Canada to MAGA state.
The fact this sub has their money on Biden winning makes me confident Trump will end up winning, when is this sub ever right?
Nuts and bolts by the pound i love it
Cunt is my new favourite word now that I can't call people Fg'ts. Working out pretty well so far!
[deleted]
Double downvote
DGLY riot play having a monster week 50% up already on gay shares
Isn't the premise of a hedge fund to do almost as well as the market while cutting down the left tail risk?
Rule 4
First factual thing I've read.
Was it a long process to become a loan officer?
Br fk
ALGN.
all in on AMC and GME can't go tits up
Facebook is that way ----->
Comment of the fucking century
WSB seems so sure that mango wins stonks go up, puts might be the ticket... unless the corpse win and then again wsb thinks stonks down but calls might be the play. IDK WHAT TO DO ANYMORE
Breaking rule 4 dude. Correct yourself
Finally a circuit breaker tomorrow
Look up
Okay why do the markers seem stable rn
Friend, let's talk, why so vote angry?
I was here. I was apart of that group. Lol
Thank you for your service to humanity
Last Friday everyone told me to hold my puts for Monday.

Following the inverse WSB rule I cashed out and watched for today. 

Thank you guys.
I sold some poots on fisker. Should I be worried
with blood
19k aint enough to deserve a tiktok
look at you big shot
Lol. Crying? I was pointing out some info. And I ripped in some nice gains today so suck a D. 😘
she's nice. and drives a G63 wagon. Just makes me feel like I have to be upbeat. Makes me sad Im not naturally
Already stocked up on toilet paper, thanks
Anyone need their car washed???? My puts have me declaring bankruptcy
C O N T E S T E D
One day mods gonna fuck with us and ban the word bears, bulls and any variation of fuk/fuck/fock and that’ll be podracing
[removed]
Aw salty bear is dumb dumb
I’ll be right there with you. I have 1,000 shares too. What’s your average cost?
Shiller goes live to babble against panic, yet he admits everything about the market currently is no man's land. Market won't take until the whales like Shiller convert all of us into bulls so they can trap us.
Where do u find weekly earnings thread why is this so hard to find
Can't lose if you never play
Downvote
[removed]
The price is directly related to how old the last filet o fish you bought was.....
You clearly didn’t watch this documentary:

https://youtu.be/GI7sBsBHdCk
so the tendies were always... freezed?
“Stonks”
Biden isn't stupid, he has dementia, a mental disorder. The people that vote for Biden are stupid. Trump isn't stupid, he is a living meme. The people that vote for him are also stupid. Maybe people that vote are stupid.
Dude never look at expirations, just watch the flow and make your trades on the red tides
Seriously, do they even teach civics anymore???
Priced in for next 5 years
Probably not quite the same bounce as TSLA, as they came out in the lead with revolutionary technology integrated with their vehicles. 

Definitely interested to see what NIO can do this year. Im balls fucking deep boys 

NIO 🚀🌝
Totally agree that it’s not a $2000 gun, especially the victor model - I bought my saint edge for slightly over $1k before all this demand started and it’s one of my favorite assembled guns out of the box. If you look at what’s actually regularly in stock online though as far as the saint edge model goes though they are selling for over $2000, victors are going for about $1500 - presumably to people who are panic buying. Have been random normal priced ones that pop up but they obviously get snapped up pretty quick. This is the only place I’ve found in the last week with one actually in stock and it’s $2699 (which no one in their right mind should pay) https://gunprime.com/products/spr-ste955556b.  I have a buddy looking to buy so if you can share a link or contact info for a place with them actually in stock at normal prices I’d gladly eat my hat but we haven’t seen anything out there including the .350 version.
pp poopoop
This is a dump at open
cash gang staying calm and collected 😎😎
Look here he is again.... why you so mad? Lmfaoooo
Lit af. Pretzel bun so boujee. Feel like a 5 star restaurant
I always have an urge to deck people like that in the face
Exit all positions.
Wall ain't complete yet bro ⤴️🚧⤵️
Well I'm not legally able to purchase one before then so...
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJufmGf7/
Robinhood trader at its finest
Appears to be
Who's life is so shitty that they're on a downvote brigade in this sub lol
any undervalued potential 10 baggers you guys eyeing?
RWJ vet?
And show ur small peen?
His administration has been propping up the market since April. That’s a fact. 

Stop being retarded.
[deleted]
This is retarded, you are retarded. Thanks, will buy at open!
Tag checks out
Why is tesla not moving did we limit up
Lol. The “free market” is a myth and it entirely depends on your definition of “better”
True creep
If only we could be as gay as they were
We know you’ve painted political slogans man. Wash it after
Oh be right back have to call some friends in 🇨🇳 and 🇷🇺
Dude gtfo with your antagonistic BS. “Cry tomorrow” dude grow up.
No one cares how clean your 05 Corolla is
Jpow wouldn’t do it
Big mac for life
Wait this company actually sells cars?  What??
I have this fantasy of him running to Russia and then the same seal team six that he said was dead and didn’t kill osama shows up and is like “surprise motherfucker. Two Between the eyes, motherfucker. No more Big Mac and fries motherfucker!”
This is the way.
hey, tell us the positions please. Options? Shares?
But will their be a car wash station in a mad max post election US
None bro, it’s all cap.
Idk how people are downvoting this 😂😂
Didn't read any of this.

NIO 55C 12/4 x77
bears r fok
F**k AMD
I think the same thing then we moon, the market is irrational so when you think that buy calls
Depend what he intend to do with the gun.
Bears watching Dog the Bounty Hunter for career training
Wendy’s pretzel bacon pub cheeseburger poll
It was already priced in 10 years ago
[deleted]
yea I'm about 50% cash right now and probably gonna get burned a little tomorrow from being a little overleveraged but that's fine still up huge from puts the last two weeks
In other words you want a divorce because your wife is very satisfied with her bf.
He’s not propping it up. His policies are just better for the markets. Stop being stupid
I like to imagine Trump calling up Mnuchin and JPOW the night of the election screaming “DUMP IT! DUMP IT ALL!” if he loses.
During
If you didn't end up in loss porn, don't know what the market is to play, or had a 401k
You make too much sense.  Therefore I feel better about my position on UVXY...;)

  I have shares though so I can wait for the next drama event whatever that is.   UVXY shot up from 15 bucks all the way to 110 Dollars in the last covid event.   It went nuts.   Honestly,  I think shit gonna hit the fan.   Trump is incredibly smart when it comes to pushing through and being tough guy.  Look how far he got.  He is a reality tv star with a failed real estate career who made it as the goddam president of the most powerful country in the world.   He has been given carte blanche by his cult and he can do whatever the fukk he wants.  He literally said he grabs women by the Pu\*%$ and as he stated "He can go on 5th avenue,  shoot someone and he wont lost any voters.   I think its going to be a very close election.  If he loses,  he is not going to let biden have it.   If he wins,   he is going to be unleashed and do whatever he wants.   He held back a bit last year as he understood he has been tanking the markets.     Power with a win is going to go all out
Conclusion - All meme stock goes up after earnings (SNAP, NIO).  Others takes hit...
No he didn’t...Powell was handed picked by trump
1,000

In a couple of years when Nio will be $1,000 a share I’ll be a millionaire
[deleted]
And called it the *"Tesla Nikola"*
fake and gay
LMAO CUCKED AGAIN PUT BUYERS
[deleted]
Indeed.
dow led futures are notoriously unstable
Put the R in retarded...
After its pointless if clean it and they trash it afterwards
Futures dont really matter. Just a joke to pass the time. God speed on your calls brother. 😘
You're welcome. Like I said, just open up excel and do the math in there and run your scenarios.
Oh believe me, when the recovery starts, I will go tits deep into calls.

I'm just not so sure this is the v-shape, tbh. And IV is way too fucking high rn. I'm literally only scalping same-day to avoid IV crush. The longer-term puts I have, I bought weeks ago.
why? he has no ties to trump. Obama stuck him in there
Weren’t you just crying cause someone called you out cause you were tryna pump a stock? Hmmmm
[deleted]
THE PRICES HAVE PRICED IN THE PRICING THATS ALREADY PRICED IN.  
  
You fucking losers better drop you socks and grab your cocks because the rocket ship will rip them off, you aren't careful. **WE'RE GOING PLAID BITCHES**
[deleted]
lady in my condo building has a 24/7 happy in your face positive attitude. Might move because of it
Every new president picks there own for that position
[deleted]
This is what the much hated Tom Lee said today and I have to agree
Should I wash my car before or after the riots
Wow giants moneyline? I bet under and bucs moneyline lol
How many shares
It’s hard but it’s not terrible. Just takes a while if you don’t have a work sponsorship or a spouse or direct family with us citizenship. Disclaimer: I’m Indian and very aware of how it works even for illegals.
Maybe, depends if they get the senate too. Without, they're still stuck on the lower stim amount, but also looking at tax hikes at the same time.  


If they keep the senate, the Rs will simply revert back to being very concerned about the defecit and refuse to go higher on stim than they are now or possibly go even lower to their original. Or they give in to cut their losses. We'll find out soon I suppose!
I don't get how it's 9pm on a Monday night and anyone is claiming anyone is anything right now. Celebrating winning the game 1 minute in on this sub never fails to amuse me
Fo real?
[deleted]
[deleted]
The polls show he is likely to win. 

The most generous interpretation is that it’s a toss-up. But saying Biden has little chance of winning is just not reality
[deleted]
WHEN THE TRUMP FLAGS FLY, I UNZIP MY FLY
[removed]
Misread that as “dropped bigly” - yes, they definitely pumped. I remember because I had Amzn puts overnight and thought that trump winning meant things would dump. I was so dumb and so wrong.
Ebay, that guy the huffs paint on the corner, pretend I'm a fed and "confiscate" the states masks. Idk, few places.
We've now had 2 big dips where everything was a literal discount. Some big money to be made here. Honestly this is better than having a bull market for 10+ years
> If TDOC is below 185, then I can roll out the position to a later date

unless you get fucked by early assignment
Get a pupper and pick up wingshooting
DAX and Europoors gonna paper hands and sell off. Hang Sang gonna hang a red dildo. My girl Nikkei gonna take a huge dump on our chests.

DOW +1.76%
QQQ +2.84%

🇺🇸
Just go to a hospital where they require people to where them
the left has been just as divisive lets be honest.
Wait whaaaaat?
I bet we open +3%
PayPal comment volume [running over 2,200% average comment volume](https://www.swaggystocks.com/dashboard/wallstreetbets/ticker-sentiment/PYPL) for the day

67% bullish on PYPL
He didn’t pick them he just admitted he missed it and was late cause people were mad at him 😆
Ha the. 22 shortage was epic. I almost felt bad for not owning one. Those were the times when Wal-Mart was still a good shop for ammo.

Funny enough Walmart still sells some of the deadliest rounds while they pulled out of the more common smaller calibers. The 9mm and 5.56mm revolution really did a number on ammo supply.
by whom
bets on trump. the futures are blood green
Hahaha this thread getting downvoted by some people who lost a lot of money today being 🌈
Crash gang let’s fucken go. I’m ready for the Great Depression round 2.
“There’s good TA, and there’s bad TA. And even the best TA is a crock of shit.” -Me
Stay tuned for the reverse tonight. I bought calls today so naturally I am not allowed to make money down 18k now
not gonna be sad about tomorrow even if my puts get obliterated because by Wednesday there may finally be a clear direction to pick and I can go back to making easy money again

oh and my port is up 50% in the last two weeks from puts ;)
450 imo
try EOW
[removed]
...which are?
So yeah... I’m retiring at the age of 21 thanks to Nio. 

I need some good ol fashioned boomer hobbies to keep myself occupied
Jpow is gone if Trump loses bro
Ew, can I cancel my preorder?
jpow is the bear king

where have you been
Fake pump
Probably the safe call. I'm still 90% cash and waiting to see wtf happens before deciding what to do. I learned my lesson the hard way in March doubling down multiple times and allocating too much to what I felt was "certain." Much safer gambler now
[deleted]
Anyone make consistent profits day trading share ?
Oh we're mooning tomorrow.
cocaine is one of the ABCs of dilated cardiomyopathy causes
🥈🏄🏻‍♂️ unite!
Shorts getting rammed again
[deleted]
I do not see an outcome tomorrow that doesn’t take us to the moon. The only thing that changes is what moons. One takes tech with it and pushes us even further. One leaves tech behind and we still make new ath. Win win.
What a whiny little bish. Haha. Jeez.
I would have to say the pressure is big on both of the candidates.

👴 is expected to win so if he loses he looks worse than Hilary. All he needs is a bunt to bring it home but those knees are shaky. 


🥭 has to win or else he risks prison time. Don Jr will be gobbling meatball subs in the prison. 

The king, JPOW will be signing checks and making the next millionaires.
OK well good. well then see, this is part of the process. cringeworthy mocking of bears in this sub until they switch over to calls. the more cringeworthy and gay, the faster they will want to switch. Cuz you might not go all in but the other tards do
I took some off the table but still my largest position
Its not rigged
And what news media do you consume? Facebook?
Scared money don’t make money, pussy. Even your mom thinks you’re a puss. Go take out some loans and play like a real man.
I was there. I saw it reverse. 🥰
420
[deleted]
Ban
Is this not what I just said?
I know for a fact that as soon as I sell my puts and UVXY calls, they will moon. Minutes after I sell probably.  
  
Not doing that again. Going down with the ship.
Just like Hillary did?
+7
Online might be your best bet if youre willing to shell out a few bucks, place them over boiling water to steam them and reuse them
Well bois if 🥭 man doesn’t win we stil have uncle jpow
360 is a price target for many fund managers. So yea most likely
Smooth brain thinking time: solar mooning bc old blue man projected to win, algos and billionaires know the fix is in, solar dropping to account for Cheeto man victory
Yay this post again
MARKETS HAVE PRICED IN PRICED IN PRICING THAT IS PRICED IN!  
  
Get in maggot, we're going to the fucking moon and nobody should ask why
I just bought a respirator from amazon for like $12 and some P100 filters for another $12 I was grinding up concrete so needed heavy duty
One word...McRib.
>  tonight

You mean every night?
270 probably happens before 370.
Thats why I am asking idk
Ok but here me out...

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

^(anal beads)
weed is where its at you're missing out, especially if joe gets elected
you been saying that for months, and you're right nothing runs like a deere
With the Dow leading the way they are pricing in the stimulus hard.
2 you don’t know that we’re making a higher low....  

1 is irrelevant...both pics are of a simple trading range, first one broke to the downside, 2nd one could break either way
If you did options you'd have over $30M
I think I understand your question. Rolling is just closing out a position and reopening it for a later date. You also might get more premium or less depending on how you play the strike price. 

That’s the general concept but on TOS you can actually click roll which will execute the two moves in one for you. If you roll for a credit you don’t need any buying power which is a huge advantage if you are over leveraged
Didn't look at my account today, not going to look at it tomorrow. For once I'm confident in my positions
if this was in June, go for it. But remember the election is tomorrow so now til the end of the year is sideways or up or down. so if you want safety buy like march expiration. less lottery potential but you can get out with minimal loss. 

TL;DR 7.5C march exp
Wipe the cum off ur face with them
I noticed when picking some plumbing supplies up Ferguson had n 95s. You won’t find them at the big boxes
[deleted]
when we tortured people - silence
90% innocent killed by drones - silence
pullin troops out of a war we should have never got into- DANGEROUS 

its called propaganda bro , everythings bought and sold from congress to media. Don't drink the koolaid , left right they are all crooks.
At least you're consistent
Crash gang let’s go!
even republican polls show trump losing lmao
Yes, yes they did
So we going SPY 360 or 370 eoy???
yes, FML
This can't be! total rigged manipulation

My puts are dead, dead I tell ya
[deleted]
What’s a 30 year wait? Am I right? :’(
What a fool right?!
Imagine if he’s complaining tomorrow on Twitter that the lines at the polls are too long in rural areas 🤣
Mods going to ban all you degenerates for Election talk. There are no rules for Erection talk though, mine curves a little right. At first I thought it was kind of weird but I’m at piece with it now.  Plus your mom doesn’t care so 🤷‍♂️
Yeah its the fastest way to lose money
Can you not trade overnight on your platform? I bought in at 217 and can see it rebounding to 250 by open. If you could trade options overnight this would be a cash cow.
I was told futures would limit down
the election has been tomorrow for the last 4 years
My strange unusual Killstreak platinum ConTracker tablet
bears: rug pull tomorrow

bulls: ber r fuk

Wow you guys are so interesting tonight
Does elon get married?
These idiots don’t understand... they see big money posts in the buying and think they are Gordon’s Gecko and when they blow their college loans, and grandmas birthday money, they come here and blame the internet.
Actually we hit -.60% last night
why do that instead of just a normal put spread, call spread, or iron condor?
As an AI i hope
Most of us had puts over weekend. What do you expect.
Nah dude, I bought puts this morning then sold them in the afternoon for legal tender.

Now, the puts that I still have? Yeah, they might be fucked. But their current value is only a fraction of the bear gainz made in October.

When you're a bear, you will always get fucked in the end. The trick is to have mostly cash in the end.

You can't survive in the cave if you're all-in on puts at any given time.

But, you know, maybe they aren't fucked. Then I get even more legal tender.

Time will tell.
Is there news or you thinking a random tsla pump day?
Also the rhinoceros has three cocks
We were just a red last night before it turned around
No it means Biden would tank market retard
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**ADT**|**$7.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.18**|**$6.71**|**2990**|**360**
|**ADT**|**$10**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.03**|**$6.71**|**3827**|**200**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckh1c49mm34ef0713b3dhf8ng) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/DrHarrisonLawrence/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Listen I hear you guys but at least consider watching on earnings
[deleted]
Sold some UVXY put credit spreads today....thereby assuring a decisive win, Trump concession, smooth transition, and world peace.
check Ace Hardware, Staples, grocery stores
All I'm saying is ferrets have good meat on them
Trump with a 3% of winning.... what the fuck polls are you looking at? Some shit on Twitter?
21st century technology used by Neanderthals
Limit up tonight
[deleted]
eBay is one of the shittiest companies in existence. Puts
[deleted]
that's his bad
Oh we green green. Lmao fuck.
tomorrow rotation into my asshole
[deleted]
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [The Beetles - I Want To Hold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT6MffpmbxQ) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT6MffpmbxQ)⠀►►⠀ 5:34 / 8:21 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Biden clear victory is bullish lol
Saw some John Deere boots at the local sporting goods store - right up front smack you in the face when you walk in. Selling like hotcakes.  Bullish on $DE
Holy shit market does everything opposite of what it fucking should
With so many consumer installable wireless solutions, smarter voice assistants who can act as a poor man's alarm system, and easy to install hubs that integrate almost everything, who needs an ADT?

I guess if you don't have the desire or know-how to install things yourself, an ADT or Comcast might be convenient, but the tech is getting easier and easier.
Wear a mask
With a pre nup only
id say flat
Dat 3% open is gonna hurt I guess winner has been priced in
tomorrow around EOD I'm going to convert my puts into straddles with some decently far otm calls just in case we somehow get a clear winner by Wednesday
My 25c will love that
I mean that stock has got to go up anyway. That’s the only way they go. Right? Right guys?
...but, can it run Doom, and does it heat up like my Autismo 2080TI when it's overclocked?
Not really, they failed before, not sure if anything's fundamentally different than before. Pretty cars but they better have way better engineering and manufacturing now to make anything work
Alexa play the beetles I’VE GOT A FEELING

Yeah I've got a feeling

A feeling deep inside

Oh yeah, oh yeah.

🚀🚀🚀
Mango has like a 3 pct chance. You think wall street gonna bet on a 3 pct outcome? 3 pct chance is what people YOLO on HERE
trying to get peeps to close their put positions
[removed]
Last Friday or Thursday was supposed to be the greenest day and it was trash.
Red by open 🤡
Honestly wouldn’t be surprised if they’re pissed NVDA fucked up the launch of these cards so bad. Would have been great to have these in machines prior to CP2077 launch.
Fake it till you make it
not before i do
Ferrari but only -20k account?

Fake and gay
I like TSCO as a customer but that shit is crazy overvalued rn
Free videos cards on the delivery vans?
Remindme! 2 days
Buy the dip on Kanye
I'M lovin' it.
Theta is your biggest enemy. Holding to expiry means you’re guaranteeing the largest possible loss to theta. Better to sell at a predetermined P/L like +/- 25%, adjusted per your confidence in the play. Could be day 1 or 90, if you’re up 25%, sell. No emotions. Plus peace of mind knowing that missed gains are balanced by missed losses
DOW @ 27,000.

Inb4 Mango tweets this and ranks the market. Again.
Retard.
I think I may have seen this before. You fucking mong
Excited for the next 3 month face ripper rally
[deleted]
where do you guys get N95 mask these days? I want to do some home improvements but they are out of stock in nearby HD/Lowes
No... no it didn’t
[deleted]
Watch me go all in puts after the election and get fukt anyway
[deleted]
🇺🇸🇺🇸☺️👌
Puts on your driving record
Y’all think Hylion is vaporware?
🤣🤣
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
So.. a typical Tuesday morning. Got it
I had the least professional interview of my life with these guys last year, cannot believe they are for real. I guess the Chinese gov can will their success into existence
Probably won't know for sure tomorrow. Remindme! 1 month
Too bad I was margin called and can’t ply the game to lose more money tomorrow lol
LMFAOOOO broooo get ur box of tissues for tomorrow night
Tomorrow seems like a trap. Pump futures and then massive sell off all day
I draw the line plenty of times.
But the election is fucking TOMORROW. I think...

What day is it?
Still learning
Silly bears
🥭: “The market is going to crash if I lose.”

🥭 Low key implying that him and the gang have been propping up markets this entire time.
I appreciate it!
[deleted]
if you were a billionaire would you ever get married
An Indian friend is trying to get a green card. The process is ridiculous. He should have just been born in the US
No...I'm a bear and I bought QQQ puts this AM then waited for the pump to load VIX calls and SPY puts. 11/11 VIX, 11/20 QQQ and SPY. If this election isn't clear tomorrow, the rest of this week will be complete panic. If it's settled tomorrow, then yeah, I'm probably boned
Reddit is filled with sheep who can't think for themselves. It's a hopeless place.
Damn Santa coaches the bucs in the offseason??
If you need a dead ferret just respond $F Calls.
[deleted]
LADY GAGA wut?
bruh i love you, but you should have switched over to calls this morning. I was lookin up to ya. This is the sharp witty dude, probably tall and a bit geeky but good looking with glasses and brown hair, big adams apple. He knows when the get in and out

Now we might actually see you getting burned and my retard calls printing. Like what even is this
[deleted]
We going to rally so hard tomorrow night. Bear are fuk. Only puts to buy is on the VIX.
It’s real roaring 20s tomorrow night
I have like a triple digit net worth.
The historical line is from the start of August (3mo). Right now we're in the Trump zone, though barely. We'd need to drop to 327 on the SPY to be in Biden territory.
No I don't know what you mean.
I agree with you, but moral often takes a back seat relative to profit, call me cynical, but that's the way I see it.
This post just made me realize that Microsoft is the ultimate worst penis status you can possibly attain
+3
Bears and “gee just tried using logic doesn’t work” or “guess trying to be smart doesn’t work in this market” a timeless classic
Puts on the audio techs
I need my TWTR 42c to print!
Bro that's what I'm saying.

I'm just here minding my own business doing degenerate shit when all of a sudden I read a notification from this dumb fuck app saying CRSR UP 6.59% AM.

Like the Autist I am I swiftly look for the culprit of this pump and low and behold , Jim fucking Cramer. 

What a fucking nutter someone buy this man implants for that sweet ass ya hear meh
[deleted]
IV Crush gonna destroy puts I feel like
Up 10% this week
[deleted]
Any y'all perverts wanna buy some dead ferrets? No judging, I just need to liquidate about 40 dead ferrets no questions asked. Arbys could only buy 20 and they expire worthless in a few days if ya know what I mean ;)
I hope it pulls the whole market up with it but I doubt it.
This is bullshit. I was promised blood. Where's the red you assholes? Drill team 6 wtf?
[removed]
dang bro that's crazy
So I thought about this a lot, I agree but I've come to realize that the reason why we hear about this shit all the time is cause Trump is fucking insane. Even if you politically disagree with me on a number of levels, i still think Trump is fucked for the country.
Look at a chart thats a week or more out, this is probably just a relief rally.
Story of my life. Sell the dip then buy back right before it dips again and not have the balls to sell again
When Trump won in 2016 most major US indexes pumped bigly in the coming months until.his inauguration.

Just some food for thought...
All the polls said Hilary was leading too....?
[deleted]
Tractor Supply Company Puts 100%
[deleted]
[removed]
When do you think tomorrow that Kanye will concede the race?
Going to wake up to +2% and it will be devastating
I guess we're going back to ATH over night, fuck me, right?
why what’s going on this week?
🥳 🇺🇸
Watch TMZ for Kanye.
Playing anything other than weeklies is r/investing boomer tier shit
Some of us went broke and still hang around.  Allegedly.
He also said to buy Bear Stearns in the lead up to Bear Stearns going to 0. So, yeah. Listen to that fucking idiot
If Harrison wanted to, then yeah. Who would say no?
Daddy dow is leading if you know, you know 😁
Stop complaining?
What are we supposed to do all day?
Pussy
Oh fuck no. Where? When?
I guess the point to take home is - not everything in the marker makes sense.... to you. Obviously it makes sense to many other players. I have no idea what’s behind $18 NKLA.
NVDA traded down to 496 today and has worked its way back up to 506 in AH trading. There are some decent trades with the last trade just before 10 pm EST.  

Who desperatly needs to add NVDA shares that they are paying more for them in AH?
still waiting for the EOD dump
I havent had a new hobby in a while. Glad I choose one where participates have to be encouraged to not kill themselves.
I smoke weed everyday and I’ll never fuck with a weed stock
lol. All the polls say he is leading. like why would wall street bet against that. Insider info? Manipulation. Durrrr
Lol my gf spends all her paycheck on Nike’s and VS
Not really. It's always something. 9/11, 2008 recession etc
[deleted]
Can someone tell me what nio is at rn?
Lmao
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck my shit looks the same 😂
Yeah you waited too long.
Aye!
The 11/20 300c I’ve had since August would like that. This is the first week in a while I’m not selling a weekly off it
Do y’all believe in Fisker? Cuz I don’t.
It is, real account have the last four digits, nicknames are on paper accounts
[deleted]
No take gambling advice from WSB. Investing advice is something boomers do.
 Not for months, I am afraid.
Well since he promised...
Not all the time. The stock could moon and the premium only move slightly because of volume and OI. Also you can see the effect of the greeks on their pricing compared to just looking at the underlying (theta effect especially). I always look at options charts in ToS before I buy them to see how they look daily and intraday for a reasonable profit target and stop loss.
Shut the fuck up retard
I’m watching in case Kanye wins
20 grand is still only $150 in fees a year
Wait why isn’t my Robinhood updating smh
Hard to when you’re a retard so...
$TSLA crushes tomorrow. You will wish u had shares if you don’t get in at the bell.
Because it is
Nothing new.  Ber r fuk
I’m your cousin spxs gang. Go bears!
And so you'll be buying... What?
So has covid jumped to ferrets? If it has i am straight up fucked! I figured we'd have an easy Biden victory so naturally I yolo'd it all on an illegal ferret operation in Cali in my basement. Now I'm worried that these ferrets that keep dying got me sick cause I cant stop coughing. I'm going to die, and I'm dying poor cause my last ferret just croaked. :( sold his corpse to Arbys so at least I get a few pennies back before my ferret options expire.
They did bone. He was cheated on his then current wife with Carrie. It's in a documentary somehwere. Who wouldn't? Carrie was hot as fuck back in the day.
Like in general?? Yes, one of my favorites.
Not me 😔

Mother fucker has netted me -$4k at the moment
[removed]
Too real lol
Son of a bitch...I’m in
[removed]
National legalization would definitely lower prices of cost to customer as each state has to have its own ecosystem seed->sale currently, creating lots of inefficiencies. 
National legalization would help multi-state companies get inventory from a central location, that location will be more efficient and maximized production. And mom and pop shops will become a small percentage of dispensaries as they’re bought up by MSO’s.
Fuck you bears. Fuck your fake tendies. Stonks always go up.
I bought BA puts EOD because I’m retarded
I’m watching cnn tomorrow just in case 🥭wins
[removed]
[deleted]
nope, 2% and then melt up
Wall st literally priced in joe last month
I’m a gun owner who experienced the Obama era ammunition shortages and worked in the industry on the retail side (ironically I also lived close to Ferguson) - a lot of that Ammo shortage was initially driven by an increase in gun purchases during his first term which in turn caused more ammo to be sold (as I recall it was mainly .22 and it kind of cascaded from there). The really big shortage happened right after sandy hook because people thought Congress was going to pass stricter gun or ammunition control laws which resulted in panic buying. Suddenly every new gun owner thought that 5,000 rounds of .22lr was going to protect them against the federal government so they’d bring in their whole families and they’d each buy a crate since we had a one package per person policy. People would find out when our shipments were coming in and start forming lines at 5am. Was really something.
[deleted]
What was his cost basis ?
if you followed all of cramers picks for the last 20 years you would have returned 3-4% annualized. Inverse Cramer.
Derp, who are you on StockTwits?
What do we think of BABA earnings this week?  I see upside.  Dec 325c
.... bruh ur where you belong. Retard
Happy early Trump victory boys cheers
you dropped out of college to gamble on options full time? nice
You gotta be deep in a democratic media bubble to think Biden is likely to win
Didn't she outright claim she did in a book of hers?
Canada
Historically day before green, day of green to red, day after depends. My advice: plan on volatility this year. Contested election with Gore/Bush saw Vix spike HARD
Speeding cameras are a fucking cash grab nothing else.
Looking like it. Hopefully we bleed back down
Yeh. Because it will either 'burn to ashes' or 'fly sky high'
Well I'm wiped out
It’s hard to have a net worth that’s less than your yearly salary I think
Yea it’s solid
I am a blind perma bull. 1000% 🇺🇸
you mean just like NKLA is trading still at a healthy 18 dollars a share?
this is sorta cringy bro
The election is rigged by the overlords. The market volatility is just a smokescreen. Buy SPY calls.
I have spy and qqq
Where is the lie
It's free money
Ban
Swiss cheese is death.
They got that ecb money and yoloing on the sp
CNN predicts Trump win
Buy calls on gyna
What happens when the call you sold finishes in the money and it gets exercised?
No it’s ass.
You have to be deep in a republican media bubble to think Trump is likely to win
Cry tomorrow
I’m gonna wake up to +1% aren’t i
Mango odds would be better but I feel like every book is loaded with bets on trump, I shoulda got in earlier
Well that's not true.

The fact that futures are green doesn't mean the market is "indifferent to the election."
It should be, he's changed the lives of way more than 100,000,000 people for the better
Only when we talk about AOC
Some bears are still in denial clinging onto their puts from Friday
And then he said “we” 🤣🥂🤣🥂🤣🥂
And then proceed to tank
Strike price?
[removed]
go back to r/investing
M A G A P U M P
Sean Connery dies, SPY goes down. Coincidence? I think not. Rest in Puts
Imagine it’s my birthday
>remindme! 1 week

remindme! 1 week
[removed]
Listen man. Try only buying puts. Calls = lose money
>QE doesn't prop up stock market prices

that explains why prices always skyrocket during QE sessions no matter the state of the economy, earnings, or anything else really
What?
what are you, 80?
I mean Trump filed bankruptcy like 8 times and he president now. So I think OP is on to something here.
[removed]
[removed]
Lmao who is fucked now?
Has anyone tried the Reuben sandwich? Is it any good?
Should just set up in the middle of a tent city.
These futures are serious. And I'm a bear
Must be his girlfriends boyfriends fridge
That's actually the kiss of death...
Ivol backwardation curve is too steep. MMs will have to buyback delta with any significant downward move. This is why market mechanics doesn't allow a crash that people see coming. Also why puts have been overpriced/not worth it since last week. But good luck, I hope you make that $.
[removed]
I'm normally shoot for delta neutral plays, sometimes with a directional skew but still with a pretty wide buffer even if it doesn't go the way I predicted. Strangles on airlines have been really good to me this year. I'll do iron condors sometimes for earnings but I really prefer to go naked when it fits my margin budget 🙂
Seriously why do I feel this “loading on 0dte SPY puts” act is TSLA battery day 2.0?
I thought it was funny, but I had low expectations for it from the start
They crushed earnings last time and still went down
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Don't  ask "what happened?" MARKET IS INDIFFERENT TO THE ELECTION I TOLD YOU GAY BEARS ALL LAST WEEK.
I make stupid decisions on options, but I bet the under and Giants moneyline on this game.
Why the fuck does daylight savings time even exist. Just set the fucking clock and leave it alone
[deleted]
I’ll wait until people take profits then maybe go in
Futures will care bigly depending on his reaction (e.g., claims of fraud, lawsuits, etc) maybe your portfolio will too
DUHHHRRR??? DUHH WUT IT DO THAUGHT MY PUTS PRINT BIGLY LOL
Oh boy, dem thinking Biden will win lol
imagine thinking you can accurately interpret market direction, especially right now.
There is not even a lot of bulls here I feel like everyone is bearish am I wrong?
I just realized that $100,000,000 to Bezos is like $1 to a person with a $1000 net worth. FUCK YOU BOZO!!!
[deleted]
😮🍫
I just went to McDonald’s and they actin ghetto, puts on mcd
Well 3% open why not
[deleted]
Probably
[deleted]
Dude...I took $65k to $350k, withdrew $170k...then threw it all back in and lost all of it. I feel you.
yea its BS, priced in my ass..  theres no reason for VIX to be up this much, hoping tuesday will be a bloodbath
Watch RKT absolutely destroy earnings this week. Not too late to hop on 🚀
Hell yeah
Cramer just endorsed NIO

Here comes the boomer buyers bois LFG
$ROPE
Yeah i didnt know people disliked him this much wow
[deleted]
Rolled my NIO gains into 34cs. Fuk or nah?
Yikes with a capital fuck that
They've been coming out in full force these past couple days
we all thought the election would be a shitshow. it’s all priced in and we’re gonna rally aren’t we
It would just be tools yelling "____ are fucked" after a .10% movement all day long
If Biden's eyes get any smaller he won't be able to see the Mexicans catapulting their extended family over the fence.
Positions or ban
[deleted]
But you said only Robinhood had problems with daylight savings time
It will reach the 40 target very soon.
You assumed people here even know there is an election.
[removed]
[deleted]
These futures are cancerous
Hey genius, if theres no limit down tomorrow, then will you admit that you're a fucking idiot?
your spy calls are printing fat stacks
Do u think Harrison Ford and Carrie fisher boned while making Star Wars
Bro. You're* . Have some class retard.
10 years later also you won’t. This is the way
[deleted]
Maybe after it dumps
Fuckin take that plastic off...
Good for you, ban.
> orange looks favored to win eod Tuesday

he's not favored to win by literally anyone right now.  Get off the q anon sub
I doubt AMD GPUs will be interoperable with apples ARM cpus. They'll be custom gpus integrated into the cpu just like they are on iphone/ipad.
Pshhh Samsung Collage maker
Anyone getting the ps5 this month?

I feel pretty excited about it but I know if I buy it I'll actually play fuck all most of the time and just watch Netflix/Youtube - something I can do on any smartTV lmao.
Pain.
.50 drop
What this guy said
There has never been an Election Day similar to what we’ll see tomorrow
💃
Borat 2 more like bored 2
Got fucked on earnings. They posted record profits announced a dividend and it still tanked. Weed and solar seems like a safer election play
Join thetagang for this week.
Europoors will save us
One of us one of us
Tell me about it, lost half of my portfolio to Nokia. Bastards
I agree the market doesn’t give a fuck about who wins, I do think that the inability to call the winner and or a refusal to accept defeat by one candidate will cause the market to drop.
Where is Ja?
Never fuck with the guy thats makes money appear out of thin air
I’ve read he’s 6’0" to 6’1" and was like 6’2" at his peak. So Barron would be 6’2" to 6’4" right now I’d imagine.
Just here for someone to tell me my SPY puts will be okay
Check out THAT nametag
[removed]
I haven’t seen a pic stitch like this since middle school
[removed]
Market pricing in the election.
We won bros
Don't lie like you aren't sexually hardened
"You see, I'm playing both sides so I always come out on top"
hilarious
Sir, I'm a gambler, not a statistician.
[deleted]
A lotta people here hate Lee Greenwood
Blue TARP around the bull. 🤔 Democratic wave = TARP 2.0 = Bank Moonshot.
China
Sat for the boys, bent over for the market
I guess there’s a lot of desire for another March. I’m not sure that’s happening. I will be parked in China until Biden wins though.
Fuck yeah, check futures
how has the market historically perform on election days similar to tomorrow’s?
[deleted]
If you are expecting that you should be shorting SPY. Buy SPXU shares, or sell call credit spreads on SPY.
Ummm r we fucked?
are you expecting to die by the eoy or something?
Got some money on mango
So, by giving me a completely retarded prediction for SPY today (Nov. 2nd), Spy fully qualified himself to be in this sub.
Worth a TV show
There's also all these random local people you can vote for. I'm just gonna blindly choose. Kinda like how I pick calls or puts.
🤡
Srsly europoors quit it with the tea and krimpets and get to work
The bald man did it.

&#x200B;

He actually made CRSR jump 6% AM ... wtf lmfao
Its like sucking a few cocks, then kissing a girl on the cheek to hedge against how fucking gay you are

🌈🐻
Bitch
Bro glorious make it happen
Yeah he has been begging congress to spend since march, I wonder what they are going to come up with.

I still think we may be Japan 2.0 in the near future
wishing I only had 1 SPY put rn

seriously though if we don't see a reversal around 332.5 we may be in for a bad day tomorrow
Futures must be pricing in a "bear r fuk" scenario for this election. GG bears.
Not even worth it with those odds.
Suck my chode you fucking nerd
Okay and? Got some vix calls or?
Keep up that Good Faith bruh
*4DTE
lol Kramer is a fkg farce, QE doesn't prop up stock market prices. Kramer works for the hedgies, he doesn't know shit about how the Fed works
It'd be watching a bunch of retards trying to hump a doorknob.
free money
I think tos does. But also... Why? It doesn't matter what the option has done since it's all pretty much based on the underlying.
We could easily move 5-6% in one night if elections are highly contested.
[removed]
My 🔮. I paid a MM 20 bucks for this.
never too late brother 🚀🇨🇳😎🇨🇳🚀
You must not have been here while all the original bears lost their fucking ass waiting for a second drop... i lost all of what I made betting against the market in March trying to time the next dump. GL
[removed]
In tastyworks you can right click on the option in the chain.
What makes you think I'm poll-driven? Seriously, you guys have to stop projecting your assumed naivete onto others
[deleted]
Yes by using a real broker like tasty or TOS
Just here for someone to tell me my SPY calls will be okay
Tim Cook: “We’re really excited to announce the all new Apple Apple. It’s the ultimate snack to eat while you listen to some bullshit podcast on our ungodly overpriced AirPods. And you can get it in any color you want! As long as it’s white. Now available for pre-order for $99 /dozen.”
Downvote goblin is outta his cage I see
I got vix puts simply because of this
Can you just get to the fucking point. Calls or puts?
It’ll pull back after earnings.  Buy it then and save a few dollars per share.  But, yeah.  Solid long term hold.
Their ARs are selling like cocaine. The ones that were lower quality and cheaper are selling above msrp rn.
Its 2am in europe. We will dump after breakfast
Yeah man all we can hope for is a miracle at this point
I live in St. Louis and the two malls closest to downtown are boarded up so I’ve literally seen it in person - just google Washington DC, Chicago, Portland, Seattle, etc businesses boarding up and you’ll likely see news stories from varying outlets about it. It’s happening and has been happening for about a week now - plywood is cheap insurance for commercial plate glass. In case you think I’m making this up or getting my info from a radical news segment here’s an npr article about it: https://www.npr.org/2020/11/02/930371341/an-abundance-of-caution-across-u-s-city-storefronts-boarded-up-ahead-of-election .
Post it on Yelp. Carried more weight.
Polls!! 🤣🤣
Ant IPO instant minimum 10%. Holding through ER
They are so giddy. I just saw a report that post election protests are already underway.
Why would Trump have to pass a skinny bill? He can make it rain and then run for another 4 years...

There's no reason to not do everything he wants to solidify his legacy. 

You think Republicans actually give a fuck about fiscal conservatism then you actually pay attention to the news/marketing rather than numbers.

If you stop ignoring the market, it doesn't care... You can make up your own narrative because you care, but the market doesn't. 

No matter what candidate wins, my investments are fine, all of my trades are fine.... Politics means nothing. If you want to be a normal person, then sure... Care... I fucking trade... I don't care.
Exactly your welcome I swear it drops $3 tomorrow mark my works that’s how it goes it’s gonna open at $31 go down hover around $30 then end the day at like $31.50
cftc shows the opposite picture, speculators are long
Green Green Green Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow
What basis you claim this ?
Long cnn
I think I'm setting sail to the east too brother - china seems like it's got it going on rn
Is there a tool I can use to see a specific options price over the last week or so on a chart? Like the one on Robinhood when you own a call or put. But if I don’t own it, how do I see the chart? Like i want to see for example how the price of the $330 SPY 11/04 call has moved over time
1 day?
[removed]
I think Powell gotta have a different message this week. He can't just continue hammering that the gov will need to pass more stimulus, if he doesn't come up with something big watch out
Imagine this sub in a massive office in a downtown building just trading all day
Just a regular dog bed for your house that you could get from Walmart for $40 unbranded
Big fax
Yea we fucked my 1 spy put gonna feel bad oh well
We could hit 339.5 tomorrow and still not break out of the downtrend that we started on 10/13. There's plenty of room for green without even requiring a bullish reversal. Stop complaining about things going up for no reason and zoom out
Time to put some money on mango +155
Uhh why mango tweet the Supreme Court is inducing violence 😐
Ikr I grew out of videogames in my late teens. 

I used to play anything and everything for like 8+ hours a day. 

I still play occasionally but get bored after playing 2 hours max. The only game I made an exception for in recent times that I can think of is FFVII remake. Mainly because of nostalgia.
This dudes talking about Powell when we are about to get a new prez.

Idk what this says. 

Is Powell the most powerful man in the world right now?

Is this guy retarded?

Probably both.
🙏
Literally not the point. He's going into this play expecting the market to have a huge move to the downside. The end
Sack on me balls
market fake
Good for u. Zoom out on the chart tho
Haha, no.
it infects everything bro and no one draws a line
This has got to be a record for the # of continuous days europoors have not dumped
[deleted]
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Possibly the most inexperienced post I’ve ever seen here, and that’s saying something.
[deleted]
Supreme leader has shrunk. He's what 6'2 at 74. Prop 6'4" in his 20s
Already can’t machine fast enough so profits are capped regardless
[removed]
Even Kramer this morning was like, “Why would you sell? You’re up against JPow and his printer no matter how the election goes.”
Sure
Guys I'm confused about my sexuality. This isn't a joke. I need help.
Highly underrated comment
[deleted]
🤡
I would sell that straddle if you are saying the Wednesday options are implying a 3.3% move in two days. I would do something actually like sell that straddle and lean long shares.
Yeah true. Hopefully it doesn't get stolen or some shit. As long as its here by December 10th I suppose. Whole reason I got it
Looking at commodities, soybeans over 1K. Going to be worth more than gold by the end of the decade.
I’m 5”9 and girls look at me like I’m a rotten sandwich
no, everyone I know has no game
Spy is still above 330 😂 very profitable day for me ;)
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** They don’t protect the bears or my robinhood account

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn02jo
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn02jo) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/KissBumChewGum, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Brolitano
LongJNUG
Jack-Skinne
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

And I'm proud to be an American

Where at least I know I'm free

And I won't forget the men who died

Who gave that right to me

And I'd gladly stand up next to you

And defend Her still today

'Cause there ain't no doubt

I love this land

God Bless the U.S.A.

🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Wednesday will be anything but flat.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
you're gonna have a bad time tomorrow
Do you put the dog inside the bed for it to stay warm or nah?
Only thing I’m holding is VIX 6 Nov 33c
Bears

r we fuk tomorrow?
Wyd w that cube
Everybody Ik has calls and seems to be the trend here as well
He might not go 0/5, but Biden getting 3/5, and/or getting Georgia/Texas it’s pretty bad for Trump
Yes, absolutely. I think from the standpoint of the market the who only changes which sectors will receive the most stimulus.
Same. PTSD from the last few weeks. Too puss to make anymore moves.
I'm in with you bro
If you have a completely rudimentary Wall Street bets level understanding of Economics then yeah you worry about who wins.

If you have any remote understanding of Economics then no, you don't give a fuck.

This is why people who are into politics fucking suck at Trading
It does matter. I’m explaining the fact that there IS a NEAR CONSTANT downward force in UVXY. If status quo stays the same UVXY goes down. So it’s an uphill battle to bet that it will go up 33% in the next 2 weeks and stay there. That’s all I’m trying to explain, not trying to sound smart. UVXY has lost 99.99% of its value since its inception in 2009. If you don’t understand why this is happening you are prob one of the people Reee-ing about how UVXY is manipulated and confused when it doesn’t perfectly inverse SPY and you should not be trading UVXY.
You can watch CNBC on TOS free of charge
I don’t watch Fox News unless I want to see corporate BS. You know who I watch to get my news? Jimmy Dore, Aaron Maate, Glenn Greenwald to name a few.
Powell is talking this week, what if he signals the feds willingness to go lower.

That would really fuck the MMs up
Nahh, Texas
[deleted]
You can only compare days of the week, up 25% from last Monday. So 125k on Friday.
Wow this is a good take
[deleted]
What do you all think about VIAC?

It actually did really well for me but I sold it sometime in the last 2 weeks around $29. Was around 70% profit when I sold and was higher before the October clappening

Wondering if I should buy back in now or wait, I would love to buy it hack around $27
Someone gonna announce victory at 12:01 tonight and fuck all of our positions 😂😂
I’m okay with it. But it easily turns into a circlejerk and if you have a different opinion they scream ban.
Which wayyy
I already sold mine. /RTY 11/20 1485/1620 strangle.
Ban
Are you in Orlando? Have you seen the giant mural off the turnpike of 🥭
[removed]
Biden winning is bullish
Fuck you! Bear gang nga
SWBI thoughts?
VIX below 30 end of week? I could see Spy 350 end of week too tbh. Too many loaded on puts. Retail sentiment is all "buy puts fear fear fear" so no way they tank it
[deleted]
This happens every night, no surprise at all
Nio put tomorrow
...ty
Based on options pricing, the expected movement in SPY on Wednesday is $11 which is 3.3%. I bet we'll easily get a 5-6% movement though.
I mean it was free money for awhile with how clear the down and then the up where, it was just do the same thing over and over and make money.  I get why there's less around now but still sucks.
and reading wsb reactions
CP2077 was delayed anyway, you got time.
I’ve been buying leaps all this past week. We will be higher than we are now a year from today. And premium on long term stuff is so low right now!
DBX for ER run up?
Who cares?
Dude, I think I’m an autistic wuss but I’d never do that ahah
Satanisms not frowned upon anymore oddly enough.
Permabull but all your comments are talking about Puts. True 🤡🤡
If you riot tomorrow fuck you
[deleted]
I’m a network admin don’t really care to learn a whole another thing lol, plus I mean I know basic html/css but JavaScript is a bitch
Tells me to think for myself while it parrots the chosen lines Fox News told it to, how adorable
3” what? Post it note?
Lmao ty
Insult to bisexual bears
Tesla and nio call are the last of my existence a few shares in nasdaq I like to say I have a long term portfolio makes me feel better
It's terrible, Trump is rallying in Tampa tonight and there will likely be rioting after. It's too far away from me to get any of the good free shit though.
When will you guys learn that the market never does the obvious?
325 call for Wednesday was $7 in premium lmao
🙋‍♀️girl
Obviously not a permabull then are we?
That’s what I’m saying. $350 by the end of the year, if not sooner
Media is trying to get peoples hopes up to incite riots from a trump victory which results in more views
Young Kristaps Porzingis
Election and ANT IPO could be huge. It has tanked on earnings last two ER tho
Small cocks?
Easy.... what are you into right now
🤡🤡🤡
Holding till 11/11
Shoveltown represent baby! Go OA!
I asked if three inches was big earlier but for clarification in 3”x3”x3” so maybe my girl was lying but idk
What’s the over/under on the number of times 🥭 tweets tomorrow night?
Just hold everything til expiry and take the emotions out of it. Emotions will always be your enemy, and you wont really be able to get more than the probability weighted max profit by selling anyways
Where is hunter biden?
right.... and tech cares about earnings....
I wish I could bet on my portfolio going down instead of up I would be a millionaire
What else is there to do in lockdown?
i'm talking OD shit tomorrow and these mad motherfucker can suck my dick
Fuck me how tall is Barron Trump?!  He must be 6'6, he's 14 years old. Who gave him these genetics?

He's taller than Trump already, I can remember him in 2016 looking like he's 5'7 - when he was 10. I'm a grown ass man and I'm around that height.
I want to make a baby 🤤
Fuck but i dont feel sick?
Nice
If donnie boy straight up wins the market will moonshot for sure. Unfortunately no matter what the outcome tomorrow it will be contested because of all the absentee voting
Felt this
Nope, actually have no idea why this happened
Didn’t Jesus also say something about not being a judgmental prick?
YETI has a full page ad in the latest Ducks Unlimited magazine shilling for dog beds. They diversifying their consumer offering every day
With all due respect, you don't think who is going to deliver it will absolutely impact how and when it'll be delivered? I mean, sure from a market perspective the end goal is not who, but when for the stimmy, though this when is dependent on who wins the election.
nope.  that's like 15% of the kids who think this is halo chat in here.
this is bait... BAN. but to seriously answer your question, if you genuinely think spy is gonna drop 5% this week (it's not) then buy 320-325ish puts expiring in a week... they're gonna cost you a lot more than 50 dollars tho
Why are they downvoting
[deleted]
People who comment on WeBull are the biggest delusional bulls there is. I checked out some old penny stocks I use to play with. People still swearing there will be a huge jump soon
They probably do some convex function so it's probably like a 220k offer to leave since their goal is to "win" as the bank.
No, I’m just saying making a play based on the ratio is a retarded move. End of story.
Welcome to the brotherhood
I just explained it to you with words u twit. I work in finance I am pretty sure I know what makes up budgets, allocations. If a govt entity wants to skew allocation dollars by lumping in different line items into one pot, that is a misleading report, wouldn’t you think so? Open your yes snowflake it’s okay to think for yourself
Too many words, next time post at a Dr.Seuss reading level please
On hold with The White House right now.
DD: Hunter is an addict, right? No way Daddy Joe ain't legalizing Marijuana tomorrow. ACB Calls baby
Learn the difference between there and their.
Congratz on living in a swing state.
What are the chances RKT sees a +/- 10% move after ER? It’s had a PTON-esque setup to crush
As if every other sub hasn’t already been taken over by politics 🤡🤡🤡
You can make it,  have faith
Learn to code
Why have an ultimatum of anything? Why not compromise and just ban OP regardless.
Media thinks 🥭 is going to lose every single swing state he won in 16... Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Florida, Arizona... he went 5/5 in 16 and now we are supposed to believe he’s going 0/5 in 20...not a chance 🤣🤣
You might have a younger sibling after tonight
I miss the Satanic panic
[deleted]
this week is going to be so boring and flat
I guarantee you $AAPL and $TSLA will be higher next year,  trade accordingly.
so is basil but dont get your ass twisted that I wont buy a stupid basil plant, eat 10 leafs and watch it die in a week.  Only to repeat the process the next month.
Nothing else to do besides fuck and watch tv.
Lol grandma wandered off facebook
"We don't use these words lighty"

Fucking anal rapes jobs' dead body by "one more thing"-ing everything from iOrthopedicInsoles to the iColostomyBag.
Im sure there are tons of covid kids in the oven right now, but more so than usual? Not sure
Probably around 250k
Buy BABA before it’s too late
It's ok he got to see some hot models up close.
Good boi
Hold onto my SPXS 6$c 11/20??? I have 14 contracts
I just said I hope you guys had a great weekend then bammm hate speech. No one love hairy cock in their mouth more than me
I can't believe people are buying that shit.  I went in this morning and noped the fuck out of the SPY options.  Way too much risk.
Puts on my puts
Or theta gang
Apparently that’s what everyone did today
Comment of the year
People here mad about politic talk, but literally should be the biggest factor this week so let’s have a little leeway.
You're not a bull then, coward!
I saw him post loss porn earlier
Silly bears
All or fucking nothing. Id do it to for sure
Boom roasted
You forgot that just because you failed to reject the hypothesis (that there is no correlation), this does not mean that the hypothesis is true. There are many factors that influence the market, and it is very possible that these are interfering with the data.
Cause of New York and California, cool story bro
Well what was at stake? Like what could he have walked away with before that decision
Vol crush is gonna kill this position
Hard to tell if you are being sarcastic or not.
Sounds slightly enticing like that
Guys my 3080 is coming on Wednesday. What are the chances there are riots/strikes and it doesn't make it here? God that would just be the icing on the cake
You're a bisexual bear (or bull) - depending which way you swing more.
gains are gains
Ahhh, that sweet sweet premium
Commenting with alt account on accident lol
what if trump sets up a government in exile and runs in off his yacht
Calls on GAP
Hold the front lines brother, in Valhalla we shall feast come Wed 😤
The eternal struggle
me , tonight will be the 3rd night , im usually a 2 times at night 1 in the day kinda guy. I knew i had a problem when i couldnt get off to regular sex , heard of the brand "legalporno"
Imagine not. Permabull here, nothing bullish at all...tm shit hits the fucking fan...may see a bigger drop than march
I’ll be slangin premium to the junkies tomorrow
Pig market
buy MSOS, thank me later

USA only cannabis etf for legalization play
There is nothing in the constitution about paying taxes...
Haha I just watched a guy on deal or no deal take a 50/50 shot between half a million and 10 dollars and took home 10 dollars. He would fit right in here
You want to keep OTM premium as low as possible in this case. You know what I mean on that right? Spy is $330, if you paid $35 for a $300 call then it's $30 itm and $5 otm. OTM premium will be a higher percentage the further out you go because of theta and IV. I don't trade SPY much so I can't really recommend an optimal strike or date. Best advice, ask on r/thetagang. They know a lot about buying inexpensive leaps to sell premiums against.
Probably? There's mixed senate fuckery too, Biden presidency and red senate is terrible for stimmy.

I'm just gonna trade the outcome regardless, no point making a bet leading into it.

I'd definitely like to trade according to actual fundamentals and not macro events for once tho
There’s no reason to be going to McDonald’s when Wendy’s exists
Yahoo blows ever since they cancelled comments on the front page articles
Haha ah the maybe is starting to make sense now. CPA for the win...
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** If I think Biden will win the election, which stock is best to buy puts on?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jn149n
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jn149n) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/i_suckatjavascript, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
quantize_me
CallsOnAlcoholism
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Hi, my name is JPow, and I like to party
Fuck video games are boring, rather stare at meaningless charts all night
🍺🍺🍺🍺
Is it just me, or has there been a lot of babies being made this year?
Read wsb posts before checking futures to see how fuk my uvxy all in was. Would have thought we were +1%. Still hovering at .38 lower then when I left for my run. Vix gang lets go baby
Hurr durr fake data blah blah blah
Bingo, I fucking called it.
How is the vix not at 60 right now? 30 for each president we will have tomorrow night
Forgive me father
Tech futes only .26%+ up, deep red by open
Wait for puts to print.
Lol bruh I want to go read comments from people who act like they understand something and are always wrong. That’s my favorite
No. They turned blood af red when the result was realized. CNN was doomsdaying all over it
Flat, everyone took positions nothing will move until the election situation unwinds.
Tax deduction bro
More like Donald dump
Going to be a ripper tomorrow to give everyone and their mother a good position to go short.
Go buy some TSLA $420 calls
The bouncy shit the past couple years has made for lots of funny plays in this sub though.
No resistance til low teens. If you guessed the direction right you'll be fine. Whatever happens you probably won't be fucked by theta, it'll be the delta that gets ya
[deleted]
Sir this is a casino
why though? I think the MMs know that ~~regime~~ party change doesn't mean shit anyways. the market ain't going anywhere no matter which side is in charge.
I've only been here a few months, but this comment seems to show up every night from someone.
Load up on Peloton puts.. everyone expects great results, which means it tanks obviously
remindme! 1 week
Damn that was quick
If one of them win then the market will go up or down
Damn well lets just see where we are at. Cant wait for this shit to be over.
The only way mcds would crash is if the owners didn't pay rent.
Nah we going straight up next 4 days.
Probably added more additives with how expensive beef is
Boring futures is boring
Change the flair before you get banned
 🤡 💩
[deleted]
[removed]
Yeah that makes sense. But mutual funds are a waste of time and money imo.
Fuck
Donald Pump
I hate to admit it, but Yahoo Finance boards can be entertaining too.  Fun to talk shit on there.
People still use Robinhood?
I have enough in my account so if it dropped to $20 I’d be ok and RH only charges 5% annually so I figure within a year I should easily be able to make more than 5% back
Yep I just am always joined to the Starbucks_Guest wifi for other reasons
!remindme 1 week
Didn't that make sense. Hill was coming after big companies (on paper)
There aren’t many survivors from the last week or two.
They are waiting to release him after Trump's win
In Russia we chop our dicks if lose bet. Weak Americans scream at 0.2% up down
He would still get more bang for his buck with amazon
Imagine being a bear right now 😂💀
Anybody who donated to the billionaire or the 100+millionaire for them to campaign, I want you to understand that you sir, are a clown.
That's Corona
They are going to 5k the first year, so no one.
[deleted]
If Biden wins I’ll buy 10k in puts
Like 98%. 100% go for it, because if it drops then you can roll. It has a lot of support in the 180s it won’t pass both strikes
You have rona
Spy 12/18 205P
This place is the most elegant forum for finance yet conceived.
At .7%+, they mean something
It’s “vain”, dipshit. And Jesus was almost certainly gay. 33 year-old virgin who spent all of his time with men.
How else will these calls and puts print
This image is fucking hilarious when you think of it.

They're so mad at rich people and so unable to get anywhere close to them that the closest they can get is attacking a statue of bull. God that's wealth when the people mad at you can't even fucking find you.
[deleted]
Yeah it is really fast
FOUR MORE BEERS! FOUR MORE BEERS!
Weak minded simp
Eh, holding this ipo day bag until America is fully vaccinated at least.

Corsair products are putting up crazy review numbers on amazon.

LL120s have 9600 reviews on amazon, that number was 7000 a couple of months ago.

Corsair came out with an ecosystem over the last few years that actually gives you a benefit from buying all products from their RGB family.

Those fans have proprietary connectors that will only work with a corsair RGB hub. People don’t give a shit what they have to pay.

It looks the best.

(Yes my wife asked for the pretty fans which is why I know how they work)
Couldn’t agree anymore brother
Lucky him
Roku had live tv coverage regularly of the debates... I’m sure a lot of streaming apps have something available as a ‘public service’.
Maybe Wednesday red?
[removed]
I was with you until “in vein”.  

Now I’m with the millennials.
Best time to get in is when it’s cheap AF. But, I do agree with you
Main broker is with Fidelity. Have my boomer portfolio with Vanguard since I’d have to pay extra for their funds elsewhere.
Same thought but down, not up.
Lol socialists don’t trade
I had sex earlier and now I’m about to jack off, not me
smart money is cash gang
[deleted]
Did mcdondals change the recipe for there big mac because mine taste super bland
SPY
I just want to be isolated for a few months. Fucking Thanksgiving and Christmas is going to be nauseating with politics being brought up ever fucking second
There's literally only 3-4 good options MM. The rest lost so much money they quit. Basically no bank besides MS does HFT options market making (which are the types you trade against electronically)  anymore.
Cutting in close
Reflecting back on this past year, I would say all my positions and entries were good. The problem is I didn't know when to exit. Both missing out on gains and having gains turn to losses.
I agree 100%. I have several FB friends who say they don’t know any Biden supporters, so Trump must win.

I’m like 😊😊😊.

Shoe is suddenly on the other foot
They’re the biggest f@&&0Ts tho
Shame on you
Nope today, oh well will just double down if I see green tm
FUCK YOU FUCK U
Kminder 6 months!
Ok boomer
PLUG feels like a great buy right now. Gonna grab some 20c 11/20
Soak it in, boys: a butthurt, small PP bear is downvoting again. Stop buying puts, you fucking idiot.
Chick-fil-A is pretty fast for me. I get a delivery in less than 20 minutes when it should have taken 40-60 minutes.
YES
premature electulation
[removed]
Just imagine how they would feel if Jesus was Gay. I mean he lived with 12 dudes! Kinda gay
But id rather double it
I lost yesterday
I made a rule to not sell calls or puts because I don't fully understand it yet.  But...how confident are you in your TDOC play?
Why use vanguard as a broker?
Market hates uncertainty my ass
.. pulled a little of mine. Conditions I read were Have you been impacted by Covid? Loss of hours, life, bazillion other ways. Told the financial dude at NetBenefits that it hasn't actually reduced my wages. I just can't sign up for more than 20 hours of overtime a week anym... "stop right there. It impacted your hours, your good.". > Me. "Well it hasn't actually decreased m... " "Its ok sir. You don't have to explain. Covid has taken your hours away." So just to warn you it can take up to 3 days before you see the money in your account." Painstakingly easy.  Was shocked that I didn't need proof and the dude kept cutting me off when I was trying to explain that it didn't actually affect me. Also another clause is using it for a car or home loan. Or to assist with such payments.
I'd get that feeling checked by a doc
It already mooned enough. It has no where to go but down from here
Algos r fuk
thread is dead, miss how it was a few months ago.
you have options on these position or you holding shares? thanks
Every election people think this is the important one....
322
Some states. Not PA
Do you guys think  tomorrow we could see same trend like today, sell off after morning peak till eod as tomorrow is Election Day ?
1 Like=Gangnam Style
1 Comment= Despacito

Who wins?😝
Fuck you all with politics. Nobody cares, we just want the stocks to go up. Whoever wins is fine, just no more election after tomorrow, so we moon. 1+1 = 2
So you bought puts before close on Friday
They also use 30-06 but fuck that
Who still wining No Nut November?
Wait, is this the consensus around here?
I bought a TV back in 2015 and STILL have the plastic wrap on haha
Egads sir, you’re gonna get creamed
"he dont even believe in jesus , why he got a jesus piece"- Kodak Black
I love Vanguard but they seriously need to keep up with times. Orders take as long as Chick-fil-A.
Nobody knows who will win, which may cause IV to clean your colon.
Can confirm. Very degenerate. Too retarded for R
OF COURSE! puts were too obvious so MMs said pump it.

Places boarding up for civil war and shit, uncontrollable pandemic and green af futures. I understand Monday being green due to bounce back, but bruh.... Tuesday? Lol ok.
Is the stimulus coming before the election still?  I didn't hear if Nancy returned Steve's call.
Lol. His are options
That word used to be the official war cry of this sub.
I got banned three days for this exact spelling. Better hope one of these mod sucking narcs don’t tell on u
I still have nightmares from when the US govt decided to change DST just a couple of months away. Fuck. That. Shit. It was ~2009 IIRC.
Not with that attitude
like I said, this sub has hardened me (non sexually)
Ikr. Has such a nice ring to it.
I feel that this is not a good idea
GME calls pussy
BER R FUK

BER LITERALLY MURDERED BEHIND THE SHED
Ya it's def Kanye
[deleted]
ALGOS knew ppl bought puts and are getting the paper hands early into selling and buying calls
Futures Election Night 2016: Bloody af red.

That's when I knew - Futures Don't Matter.
Dropbox and Work from Jeremy ?? my bag is heavy too.
True if small
I'm hesitant of weed stocks because of how much they bombard Youtube with ads to INVEST NOW!!1!
Lmao so accurate except the part where I pay more taxes with Joey
I think in that scene he was the underdog in trouble so it should be a bear that’s loading it up?
[deleted]
Puts on America and the world.
downside up side remember you'r origins
I have no fukking clue how to trade this market
Everyone just buy weed stocks tomm
... If $300M is real money to you, you don't follow markets or anything financial.
I got banned for 3 days. Then 2 more days because ?
Bet
Trump: *wait wait wait don't go there's still time left*
do you have the capital?
ok.
Get some sleep, boys. Tomorrow’s going to be a long day.
[deleted]
did you do it?
Yes, what would be a good premium %?
I put my money where my mouth is, feel free to do the same and buy puts on the company lmao. Or better yet, reply to this comment the day after the winner is announced and tell me I told you so, I will do the same.
Don't change it back
[removed]
[deleted]
Japan has way more of a workaholic culture than the US though.
Because they make millions of trades a second and have billions of dollars of collateral and millions of dollars of technology to outperform you
Election is tomorrow bro. Who cares. So we have to wait 2 more days lol
Thanks man I think about you every time I lose money (everyday)
[deleted]
That is also what I’m saying. You take your captain gains minus your capital losses and pay tax on the remaining gain, if any. If however you end up with a remaining loss, you can deduct that loss up to 3k. Any amount over that is carried forward. This is only true if it’s capital gains (which means securities sold after being held for over a year). Netting LTCG, STCG, LTCL, and STCL is a bit more complicated.
You'd have to pay fees for that unless you get lubed by friends and family
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/NoCategory7 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Y'all think MMs already know who wins? I don't want IV gaping my ass.
I don’t think Apple is reliable until we’re in January.
the index is clearly a safer strategy but i am just betting
Fuck man you think I thought that far?
Honestly tired of seeing these Bandana-Clad Millennials wearing the cross for fashion. These bums don’t even believe in Jesus Christ. These millennials are the most unholy, toxic, violent-disrespectful people I ever meet. How dare they  use gods name in vein. 

Lord please help us in this time of need; I'll repeat the words of our savior, Jesus Christ:  "Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do."
Could’ve thrown that on baba 11/20 calls and made guarantee bank...
Oh fuck not my sweet JNUG
They def had slv puts
It's definitely a dammed if you do dammed if you don't sort of thing. 

Say your tree works thru Christmas but dies before Epiphany, it'd be completely reasonable to want to return it. 

Maybe only do exchanges or something, but then again most seasonal stuff is well, seasonal and can sell out early.
I know some of those words
both of them are my step parents? You mean I was adopted?
Fake news
I’ve been playing SPR for so long now. It all comes down to earnings tomorrow
Who daytrades on robinhood.
So they count those mail in votes early? Lets just get this shit over with. They need to stop fuckin up the market.
Can't wait for the Superbowl tomorrow, defending champs are going to get their ass kicked...unless 😯
I want my phone to stop receiving 15+ partisan begging texts a day, vote and fuck off.
so deadly you gotta get tested to even know you got it
FUCK. Don't censor FUCK
what is volume like historically on election day?  I'd guess extremely low.
Wow what a catch, green tomm
Ber is ded after today, WSB was retardedly bearish going into today.

RIP
Lmao look at AAPL MAFT GOOGL FB combined market caps and tell me if they’re doing ok or nah
You sign up for a broker that's not CandyCrush - stock edition
Random IPO? How you dare! It will make History!!1! I don't know what I'm talking about, but ANT will be big. I can feel it... here... in my butt...
[removed]
There will not be a pre-election stimulus deal.
lol I fixed the typo
Here’s some dd because you obviously didn’t do it:

Nov 7 2012 Obama wins re-election 
Current price of RGR and SWBI: $8 and $44

Weeks later RGR goes to $6 and SWBI goes to $56 then $40

Nov 6 1996 Bill Clinton is re-elected 
Current price of RGR is $17 weeks later it’s $15.40

Nov 3 1992 Bill Clinton wins presidency 
Current Price of RGR is $9.40 weeks later it’s $8.50

Yes those are their lows and in the long run they all rose but why would you want to risk bag holding for this period of time?
o noes
Guns
Calls on $RIOTS after the election
I already knew son
Your step parents did a terrible job raising you then.
No, it's not. It's a fucking terrible week for a high return naked options play.
Look up the anatomy of a stock market bubble graph and compare it to the QQQ 1 year chart
I'm sorry man. People should believe you are just as good at losing all of your money as I am:(
You’re better off just buying call options on the inverse. Uvxy premiums are insane.
Yea thats why you should buy cannabis stock
Still can’t believe I got conned into believing Pelosi and Mnuchin were close. R.I.P portfolio
Fuck off to polotics
God like
It is but watch your otm premium % on that bought spy call. It's called the "Poor Mans Covered Call" I believe.
Who is singing the national anthem for tomorrow?
Wait. I can’t say f🅰️gg🅾️t anymore?
Yea so basically the only way the market goes down(briefly) will be a a trump loss combined with a contested election. No matter who wins I’m hoping we get back to a time where the valuation of a company has more impact on stock prices rather than all this other bs.
Not even they apparently are going to meet the next earning report too. So we will have to wait atleast another whole quarter to see if they tank. Meaning the price will probably go up another $20. Especially if we get another little stim
[deleted]
Bc we can't market make?
He got 3 million less votes than the other candidate last election
Self promote?

Ban
Their office culture would like a word.
Who doesn't like supreme leader. I'll 🥭 you
Only a true degenerate does statistical analysis in Excel
“Safe-ish” 
Hahahhahahahahahgahaga
Pypl fucked me big
I heard it on CNN
Something like that, but yeah it really is, but shit shorts have been making a killing on amazon, so I guess it wouldn’t be too much of a surprise
Post loss porn pls
Nah it’s highly entertaining when there’s a -1% day and everyone’s losing their shit because the FDs they got the day before are down 90%.
[deleted]
So you are saying after the 3 years it took the corporate tax to work to the markets. It then effected the markets for 3 years. Or it was enacted and during  the three years the market felt the effects.
lol shit it’s turning bearish
[removed]
[removed]
If everyone stops believing the coronavirus exist, it will go away.
Hey genius you know how they calculate these statistics: they take a states budget and see how much of it is made up of federal dollars. That calculation is skewed nimrod. For one, red states budgets are smaller than bloated blue state budgets that are usually in a deficit like California. Secondly, Medicare, Medicaid and ssi are allocated in those federal dollars u numb skull. Americans pay into those programs so it’s not welfare. And if the federal aid is welfare, 9 out of 10 it’s a democrat voter getting welfare in a red state. Don’t come at me with bullshit from NPR lib. Try again.
[deleted]
Some of us are trying not to be political rn. Rather earn our bans tomorrow night than tonight.
I feel like this sub has numbed me to being called an idiot
bro good idea, whats the sub of the day?
I’ll be buying more tomorrow too man - so we can get rich together
PayPal you could have just lubed me up before f*** the shit outta me.
[deleted]
Guys, I don’t mean to alarm anybody, but I think a lot of people don’t like the current President
Not bad kid.
Erection day. Hahaha
Bro we’re too busy betting the markets in PredictIt
I decide that I am not gonna put any money in my RH and will recover 80% losses with whatever is left. But now think of it, I can pour more money as a margin and put it back in my bank account once I am up for good.

I see no error in that logic. Wcgw?
Governors get small bribes, congressman gets a bigger bribe, senator gets the dump trunk full of 100s backed up to their house
THE CHAT IS MOVING SO SLOW THAT EVERYONE CAN SEE THIS COMMENT ADMITTING THAT I'M GAY
It's called a poor man's covered call.
[removed]
Mountain Day sponsored by PEP sounds lit af
Getting back to 20 from 15k may be easier than 5k from 800
GUSH
All they sell is accessories for pistols. Check Walmart.com
No, this is Patrick
That's what I'm saying, we gonna make that bread tomorrow.
China big green is NIO on the moon yet?
I respect anyone playing weeklies calls or puts if you were to try and get a fucking hundred bagger this is the week to do it. GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE WHO IS PLAYING WEEKLIES. 

FUCK THETA GANG AND FUCK CASH GANG PUSSIES! 🦵
[removed]
Sleepy  vs Mang0
Imagine going through the effort to fake this
Hm, 15 there vs 10 in the US. I could go for a Mountain Day.
Smooth brain DD
This sub is not as hype as I expected on election eve.

Very disappointing and boring. Comments are barely moving.

Y’all are pathetic lmao fuck.
I’ve been wanting to try moon rocks. If you’ve done it how does it compare?
That’s me
No one knows when to hold 'em.
Bigly.

IV AND delta fucked going into Wednesday probably. Even if it goes red you'll still lose on ur puts
Elon gonna announce his own HTML 5 supercomputer.
Tomorrow and the remainder of the week will likely be calm. The big market movers are the policies that are enacted - but they take a longer time to be realized.

It took 2-3 years for the corporate tax cut to work its way through the markets. That’s why we had a strong market the past 3 years, sans the Rona. It will similarly take 2-3 years after passage for the full effects of a future tax change to work through the system. If it is harmful to businesses I’d be buying long dates puts and riding it down.
Its more fun in here when its a green day. Red days and the doom and gloom retards come out.
I think we see tomorrow
Puts on uvxy?
Say I buy a very ITM SPY contract for a year expiration. Then I sell covered calls weekly. This seems like a good way to make money no? I believe in SPY may go down but ultimately go up a year from now. I can sell a 337 11/6C for $3.10. Is this not a smart move?
im buying weed stocks for kamala to cheef
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Here we go again

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmyhnc
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmyhnc) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/AeLilBoy, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Aaron-jonas
CallsOnAlcoholism
[removed]
I want it to be over alreadyyyyyy fuckkkkkkkkk. I want politics to be illegal to report on more than once a week , news should be kittens getting pulled out of drainage pipes and martha stewart making eggs. The occasional sympathy play for some muck luck african nation, once a year a terry can shoot up a public venue  and once a year some shitty girl who should have never been a mom drops her kid off in the jungle so she can go get some BBC. Scare me with drug cartels again or a hurricane somewhere in a town that should have never been built. Can a guy get some "cooking the books" stories again? a lil Enron a lil Worldcom wouldnt hurt. Bring on the "teenagers driving reckless" stories or the "are vitamins actually bad for you?" stories please.
japan is so cool festival every month
You ain’t black
My risk tolerance is my entire portfolio
Bullish on $SAM for alcoholism
Yea i know I'm kidding. I heard it was by 5% though, 10% would be quite a big change
Fucking anxiety on MJ is a bitch. Makes your thoughts accelerate, must be how Elon Feels 24/7
Seriously man? Do you live under a rock? The south sent forth a motion to break away from US should Joe win. It’s all over the news
I love Subway
>Do you know about the decay on this? Contango?

it's a 2 week expiry option. stop trying to sound smart. none of this matters for a short term trade. ban
Wall Street bets apparently... 😒
6.9% up on Wednesday
Congress = Comprised of House and Senate
Senator = 2 per state; legislative branch of each state
Governor = 1 per state; executive branch of each state
Why not?
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20200917005235/en/Hyliion-Announces-Robert-M.-Knight-Jr.-to-Join-Board-of-Directors

will that do you?

but I got the info off discussions elsewhere originally

also 

https://www.hyliion.com/people/
gay bear elections
[removed]
I love it when every idiot be like “but they beat earnings!”.

Did you ever wonder how the red fucking candles just drop? Do you think it’s humans placing these orders?

No, my dear retard, they are not. They are algorithms, and algorithms know what they are looking for. If earnings feel amazing to you, and algos *still* defermine it’s sell-time, can you imagine just how much more of absolutely insane growth was already priced in? I know you can’t, because you’re an idiot, but I’m saying it anyway. 

Also, god knows what other circumstances algos consider when they’re selling? Connections you couldn’t even comprehend in that tiny brain. 

Bottom line - don’t try to make sense of the earnings, unless you’re deeply familiar with the valuation and expectations and have a shit-ton of context. Algos are gonna just rip you apart.
It sucks being a brown person in the USA. Like I tell people imaa Young investor and they don’t believe me, then I show them my -94% Robinhood account for proof . Shouldn’t have to do that in this country . Hopefully tomorrow will change everything
Elon did that

BEEP
we are but not at that level yet and that is what makes it scary lol
I bought spy $200 puts 2022s at close. 

AAPL $120 weekly calls as a temporary hedge
Weed from a pipe is a lot better than a cig.
This right here
Why the hell is anything booming with COVID spiking 

Answer- this market is fucking stupid
Ber is literal retard rn

At least after last 2 weeks.
That's why he's our guy
Great, so basically the water heater rental scam will expand to include everything else.
[removed]
You are a bitch
That's cause you bought puts you big dumbo
In all seriousness, if you have waited this long to make a move for the election, odds are you're still waiting for another dip.
No but it’s up like ~4% on the day
That's why flower is power
[deleted]
A solid DD: Half the country is going to cry tomorrow no matter who wins. Right? Buy Kleenex Calls. Can't go tits up.
Do jackets not exist?
ban
I feel like people are forgetting he'll still be in office for another few months with full executive order power. If he loses its gonna be a shit show lol
SQQQ 32.5 11/6 😬
Market likes Biden too, it just doesn't like uncertainty of a contested election. Polls have Biden smoking Trump, the surprise to me is the idea that Biden winning by a wide margin is somehow clear. Imo Trump is 100% not making a concession speech regarding of the result.

The weed rally today (and smaller solar rally) is definitely a buy the Biden rumor thing. IMHO
The size of the cock
I feel that too hard
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Pornhub
Nobody knows. It's part of the gamble.
Yeah dude you can be a Republican, I'm man enough to understand that people have varying opinions and I respect it. But to support blatant voter suppression and do nothing about it... it's just un-American at that point I feel
Lol before 2016 this would have seemed impossible
Couple of c's, s' and g's here and there.
Kenny Rogers died for this ?
Ask her boyfriend
[deleted]
Catalyst blows hospitalized cases to new ATH, TSLA 2018 run up.
SeaDrill
tomorrow going to be boring af.  tomorrow night/wed morning is when the fun begins
Stay mad
Bears, your only hope now I’d a surprise little yachty mixtape
Excuse me, I’m speaking.
Translation, open red and rebound in the afternoon to a 1% gain
[deleted]
thanks for the unsolicited response!
Feels like a millionaire making more millions. Terrific play
A congressman is the top guy in charge of a state.

A senator is like the congressman’s helper, they are like a vice congressman.

There are 100 governors, they meet in Washington DC to pass laws
Oil stocks. They also performed but not on the same level as Biden stocks like renewables/cannabis since news is mostly showing Biden leading RN. Id say you could hedge your self by splitting your money both ways. But based on the rally I can see cannabis being green and you making more on that at least if we are talking one day swing.
http://elections.gov/
Been there. Mostly sell short term spreads or naked options for scalps now. Got fucking raped just going long and short straight futures contracts a few times.
Never underestimate SoftBank retardation
Why the hell isn't tech mooning with covid spiking.
Is politics gonna be banned here tomorrow?
It could work. My brain is still trying to wrap itself around this whole thing. The popularization of the stock market into the hands of your average person is going to have an enormous effect on how things play out and function. My biggest fear is all of the Karens and likeminded ilk calling for reform and new laws. A part of me wants to raise the bar to entry, even if it’s something simple like getting a 1 to 1 sponsor for a year or something .... I dunno I just hate to see stupid people try to setup a no self harm law and screw up what a free market is. God I hate the way most people think
Retard hands. I got em too...
Run. Run away.
Since everyone is expecting massive tanking, the market will probably beast all week and roast all your puts. Just like April. 

And May. 

And June.

And July.

And August. 


SPY $375
bought in at 23.90 with 5555 shares and now I am down almost 10k like a fucking clown
This would be the absolute best outcome
[deleted]
Cool ranch is the goat tho
Tried and true
[deleted]
Puts at open. USA we riot and contest our elections
Is there news??????
The market is about to go into an upward spiral that isn't going to make sense to anyone.

COVID goes up and where are you putting your money? Brazil? Poland? Fuck no, you ram it into the S&P with the force of an autistic rhinoceros.

Also, our central banker is more daddy than yours. That's a fact.
Buy calls on the marijuana leaf retard .....Stonks only go up
No more beef and potato burrito

No more chilito

No more mexican pizza

everytime I find something I like, they decide to remove it.
Essentially the same as Hertz at this point
This guy fucks *edit* only waving girls apparently. To each their own I guess.
I’m down one entire apple co.
I'm actually scared of him losing. He will become martyrized by his followers and still be on the front page news every single day railing against the results. 

That's how dictators are actually formed.
gonna be flat rest of week just to fuck bears and bulls
Totes
I doubled down on my puts today and fully expect a 100% loss at this point
USA USA USA
RGR akshually
Hey now, no one needs to be purged... *Let's start with those R/PersonalFinance guys*
Dicks Out!! 😌
[deleted]
just show the bitches the "i voted" sticker. it really do be that easy.
Interesting, thank you
[deleted]
Where the fuck have you been fpr the past 6 months?
Max pain
Reported and banned you fucking cunt
Some guys are 3.5 but yeah 3 inches is pretty wide I guess
election volatility
I sorted by top and scrolled til I hit like 5 upvotes because I have other things that I should be doing but I don't wanna
this is so dumb. you think the odds are gona make spy move? lol
Harambe for president, write his name in, do it for him, for us, for the future of the planet of the apes 🦍 🦧
It's almost like they want what's best for their citizens or something with all these breaks and holidays, weird I know.
So apparently they don’t even have an actual working model for the new Hummer, or even the technologies they showed in the video. 

They are the real Luckin Coffee of the EV world.
It’s 15% non resident withholding tax
[deleted]
People here can’t read sir
Where are you guys getting your election updates from
Again we’ve also limited fucking down at night to end up green as fuck by morning 

Futures don’t matter, never do
[removed]
[deleted]
Hey billy
You must own DGLY
wsb was bearish
I’m good, after these VXX calls print 11/4 I’m not touching the market for a week or two
Real question is how easy is it to get pussy tomorrow
[removed]
Lol... theta fucked your leaps... shocker... remember itm if your buying leaps... so that theta doesn't fuck you so hard and instead you get fucked by the price going the wrong way and lose even more!
&#x200B;

Ye baby
whats the difference between a congressman, senator, and a governor
I would bet my nut it’s a DST issue. It’s the biggest bane of anyone that works with time series.
Harris is so obnoxious to listen to

Imagine giving a speech to a parking lot full of cars. This is the most absurd election in history
In some cases, rules are open to interpretation. This one seems pretty clear cut.  Good luck though.  I'd hate to have to explain that art vs science theory during an audit.
You sir are the most autist autist in this cesspool of autists
wasn't it something like 12 or 15 milly worth

if that's a hedge that is one hell of a short position they're hedging
Joe Rohan is streaming the election I believe
Not necessarily.

He stated he would give "the largest stimulus ever seen immediately after i win the election."

Hes also a bit of a liar.

Regardless, stim of any size will boost some sectors at the very least
Can anyone give me a reasonable answer why today was green and vix was mostly dead?
24 hour news cycle will be barren without Trump
It found the resistance!
SLv 💎 🖐
[deleted]
Check Yuan volatility, you ded
I can't help it that the other outlets were slow to cover this important event.
3.5" is the biggest my girl can take.

Wait we not talking shotguns?
$spy $200 put 11/4
I have breaking news for you, you may want to sit down first...
Just remember at this point yesterday futures were -1% red and it reversed to 1% green. 

Don’t get out your dancing shoes just yet. 

This is factual, but also, pure COPE
[deleted]
You're fucking 10 ply
anybody know some good live-streamers to watch post election results? I know there's a few guys who exclusively cover riots.
Uhh I don’t, and if you did you would be a rich person on Wednesday
Ok boomer
I mean at least it's not the 11/6 expiry
I don't think that's how elections work
I bought 20k of AMD and 3k in spy puts to hedge. This is the way
Anyone play Metro 2033? Remember that ammo was currency? Better have jotted down those exchange rates! Joking (probably)
Haha If the majority was always right the stock market would be a shit show. MM’s do this on purpose. For every person that makes money, multiple have to lose some.
calls on adidas, nike, alcohol companies, and anyone that still sells shutter shades.
Yup, stop hit @11075 -500$ loss porn
Gotta get through 322 first
It’s just a conspiracy guys 


https://twitter.com/wef/status/799632174043561984?s=21
This is logical, except the American Dollar would be worth less than the Peso in the event of a civil war, so there won't be any mexicans. They'll all head south.
Are we not in the middle of tech sell-off part 2?
Yup. All the rich smart money used the kangaroo action to position themselves both ways.
If we go negative, there may be alot more onlyfans accounts floating around.
she's just being nice
Exactly what I’m waiting for, I have $3k to blow
 M A N G O  S I X
Tempted to watch it

But I feel pathetic watching Rogan be with Secular Talk and Tim Dillon for the election
Get a extendo
Harambe 2020
Never forget
The child is literally GREEN.  Should have used Darth Maul.
Lol tomorrow going to be fun. Monday flat cause 2 many retards thought it would plunge or rally
Honestly might have to pick up an ASX200 etf - chart lookin sexy. Could go back up to 6200
are you a time traveler from pre-crash 1929?
Hi 

What the fuck are you talking about
contested election priced in? we aren't that low
Well a diamond upside down [is](https://youtu.be/audcHVjXH4Y)
If it dumps one more day I’m buying but j think one more week out for the expiration date
Time will tell
Undue risk to hold shares through potentially contested election. Pump today was to lure more bulls, but sell off tomorrow is to keep entry points low when we get a definitive answer. I base this on absolutely nothing other than not wanting to be completely fucked. 

SPY 333p 11/4
Hell yea
You’re making my point for me- big government sucks, is wasteful and abuses the citizens of their state. Public employees grift off the waste. No bueno
Not sure how to restore it
Can you please quit acting like a fucking animal,  join us in the 21st century and remove that fucking plastic. Also, solid gains bro. 24k up down 100% haha.
What a flex
I thought they stopped because they were putting un register firearms in the hands of the looters?
My tan calls would thank you
G reeeeeeeeeeeee n
bear brothers, are we fuk?
/aggressive handshaking
I’m not sure how I feel about a fuckload of calls being bought on amazon expiring 12/11 $3000

Anyone think it’s just a hedge?
With the dow leading lately I think we know who is winning the elction
4 more years gents
A competent pandemic response plan will do that. Back to normal
Lol people are afraid of the leftist rioters in case Trump wins, not the other way around. Wake up
You believe in nothing you godless heathens
He probably likes cooler ranch over nacho cheese
as I am mostly in chinese stocks please vote for biden tomorrow my american friends.
My girl said ya 3 inches is big. Is she lying or is she telling the truth?
Yep. If trump wins it’s a skinny 500b stim, when Biden wins trump won’t do shit for the rest of the year but in Jan we’ll have huge 3T stimmy 

Basically buy calls on everything for April of next year. Unless the Big Dipper hits and we’re fucked anyways.
it has quite a lot of consolidation done and a lot of buyers and sellers wiped out along the levels we been zig zaggin at. a lot of money sitting on the sidelines for election results

hopefully this is where we actually break out of stasis
/aggressive nodding
[deleted]
You guys have a Mom? Pod baby is sad.
Damn son, Japan has so many holidays and a market lunch break. Feels like they closed once every two weeks
[removed]
We dead
Without the Senate nothing gets done for either side. But the math looks like it would be hard to win the WH and not win the Senate.
WSB: YEAH WE'RE GONNA HIT CIRCUIT BREAKERS THIS WEEK, NO QUESTION

MMs: lol here come da brrr
I bought VIX and Sqqq calls just as a hedge but it's looking like my portfolio will hedge those positions now
Bear trap, just like the bull trap last night
Whatever happens this week, I'm buying options the opposite way Friday. Unless we break 300. Then I put my life into puts because this time is different...haha right haha no sepvariation to ruin it this time!
What’d the Republicans do?
It must suck to buy American companies from another country. Heard some countries pay like 30%+ on dividends.
*Covid20 has entered the chat*
And then panic
When do we do the first purge?
I think this is the hardest I’ve laughed at a post here. Dead
bears are definitely that dumb
There's just as many people out there believing covid is a hoax as there are flat earthers. Maybe more.
You guys realize it won't look anything like the prototype, right? There are mandated crumple zones for pedestrian safety that don't exactly exist on a stainless steel box on wheels.
maybe?
Not both sides. It has been mostly the left, if not them only
that was the top for the night go home bulls lol

BERS WILL REAK HAVOC ON THE BULLS TOMORROW
only thing you should fear is chlamydia
Kanye will buy the whole Shipload, issuing them to his secret service Wednesday.
Market probably already priced in a Trump or Biden win but what’ll happen if Kanye wins? We mooning or going to earths core?

*for the degenerates in the back who say it’s impossible may I remind you it’s 2020*
You guys really think there won’t be a sell off tomorrow after a somewhat Green Day right before one of the biggest elections in history ?
Fuck your puts. This is America 🇺🇸
I went to the wrong sub didn't I
Onlyfans
every law enforcement agency in the country gonna have action plans to shut down anything.
Sling free trial
Probably AH
Apparently Joe Rogan is doing a live stream.  So Ill be watching that one.
I’d rather die.
I’m there with ya. Plus, I think it will have long term gains. It’s not going anywhere. People won’t pay for movies at home the way they do in the theaters. AMC is built in
Yup green as fuck tomorrow
Quality content
Amen brotha. Although I have a feeling there arent going to be any winners this week 😂
them red necks you know how they are
If we get through 333 does it hold through EOD? If 333 wins do we bounce or break 323?
nah they just took at off the shelves. you can still buy freedom pellets.you just have to ask.
Call me crazy but AAPL 11/27c 108 is a straight print right? 


If only people would actually tell me to buy... out $300 today
Ahh, I forgot about that guy, yeah if he offed himself it would be sketchy.
Most def, Hertz too
The American dream
Show me on the doll where Amazon calls touched you
Wait for a new high for NIO to load up on calls that will expire worthless again
Sell 11/4 got it
Who won? The
Market has been waiting to rally, just waiting for the election to end.
Who won?
Imma watch the CNBC coverage. I stole my grandmas Comcast password and have been using it to stream on the CNBC app
Strong resistance there, my crayons say now is a good entry
Right? And then we just kinda just forget about it and move on to whatever the news brainwashes us with next..
#MCGWIRE HIT 62!!
Facctts
I have cable and I'm still watching tastytrade's coverage over cable news.
no, no way anyone is that stupid







^fuck
Anyone buying $SEDG tomorrow?
Some analysts argue the stock market cares more about which party controls Congress than it does about which one wins the White House.
Rogan livestreaming the results
That 332 resistance is something to fear
Those are already printing bigly
The bubble is around the other team this time. Too many Mango worshippers going to rallies and hanging out with other Trumpers. That’s all they see and think it’s in the bag.
By paying $49 a month for YouTube TV and $59 a month for Google Fiber like a grown up with a career.
Weren't interest rates like 6% or something like that? We are at zero now, likely going negative soon (like within a year). We are printing money!
Wtf you have to be kidding, you think the market is going to drill 7% tomorrow for no reason other than the election? How do you make any money at this?
Bro I drove to work in the light this morning.
that should be a meme, someone should paint him purple
YouTube.tv
Dude the left has already rioted like non stop for the last 6 months. What makes you think they will suddenly stop now?
**VOTE FOR PEDRO**
My man
Fake News. Unless they reversed on their reversal
Anyways just wanna say I told you so to the people who bought GME puts after it fell 37% in a week, fuck you
[deleted]
Wtf are you looking at and are talking about.
I have puts and I’m not sweating but I’m not all in puts tho
That’s like two week old news
September was tough on all of us, but on the bright side, the thousand year bull market began today. Rejoice, my friends, for tomorrow we feast in bullhalla. 

SPY 400C 1/21. This is the way
4m volume all day. What am i missing?
priced in?
For those who don't have cable because fuck that boomer shit; how are y'all streaming the election tomorrow?
I feel like mango is Thanos
This.  You'll win for sure
Yea but then the guy that makes the Netflix special on it has to go too and so on. It just gets real messy.
Crazy eights, you bastard!
Puts are fucked this is 2020
I just spoke the words “walmart stopped selling ammunition because of the election” 

What the fuck
[deleted]
Jin Yang!!!!
Make JDST great again.
actually, thats what i want to know as well.

There cant be a huge demand for an 100K luxury offroader.
Oui oui
Got a SPY call spread I'm hoping gets some gains this week. Problem is, with tomorrow being the Pedo Presidential Voting day, I don't have a damn clue where it's gonna go. Just gonna wait it out and weather the storm.
You're right if it was a normal election. With expected protests, riots, and court appeals, we're in a bear market. I'm planning on adding more puts tmrw but let's see. Gl
Last time we had a contested election was in 2000

We dropped 7% after election night the rest of the week, but tough to compare to this time because that was during the tech sell off
It's bull.

(bear r fuk)
Hey isn’t that where your wife’s boyfriend puts his leftovers?
I love you too son
But it's cold now
I'm a bull 4 lyfe but even i think that these green futures before election day is sus af. feels like a big bull trap. 

so calls then I guess
There’s no way any of those newly turned bears would hold puts past last Friday when election uncertainty and COVID resurgence was pricing in over the course of 2-3 weeks

...right?
bears in absolute brambles right now
Your math is wrong.

1. You bought the contract for $6.80.
2. Current value is $22.10
3. $22.1 - 6.80 = $15.3

Total return is $15.3. P/L is 15.3. Why are you subtracting the premium again? There is no need. You take this as absolute & total profit.

Current TAN cost is $69.70. If you want to buy TAN with profit from Scenario 1:

1. $69.70 is current underlying price
2. You sell the contract at 22.1
3. 69.7 - 22.1 = 47.6

$47.6 per share price is how much if you were to sell the contract and use extra money to buy 100 shares of TAN. $47.6 is how much you would have to pay per share.


Scenario 2 - Exercising the contract

1. Current contract value $22.10 goes bye-bye. 
2. You get to buy 100 shares of TAN at $50.
3. You have to fork over $5,000

You can see how it's better to simply sell the contract and use the money to buy the underlying? You can do the math yourself and verify via excel.
Thanks for sharing, keep coming back.
Idiot

Edit I can't even remember where we interacted. What makes you think I had puts going in to today?
Yeah but itll drop when earnings come out, regardless of if they beat predictions or not
Nope. Its more like the Luckin Coffee of Electric car stocks
Anyone else remember WSB during last election? Hooooooly shit everyone got obliterated by JNUG.
Yes, it cares about stimulus, but not who is going to deliver it, only when it will happen.
$1
Bitch Mitch better not get in the way
That’s what I’m talking about baby! 0.2% down in 10 minutes let’s gooooo!
It’s obvious fracking is part of our energy future for a good while, you’d be foolish to think otherwise whoever is president.
Fds only and way otm
I love you.
Gay
bruh this is america. someone gon riot
Idiocracy
Excited for when Biden gets elected and all of a sudden the 24/7 Covid coverage stops and just kinda fades into the background as people slowly stop using masks and businesses (or whatever’s left of them) slowly open up after we’ve all moved onto the next war / national tragedy (or social justice movement for some marginalized group, whatever fuck you)
I honestly have a very hard time believing trump people will riot if he loses. In some town or 2 some small bullshit that will get shut down quick yes. All out riots with the right starting it I doubt it
[deleted]
No, it's that Chinese version of fruit flavor water additives that has more carcinogens and heavy metals in it
I like the blue and orange circles.
Hey, how did you time your entries and exits on TQQQ especially. Also tell us more about your positions. thanks
Daylight savings blows - one of the worst things we do 😤😤😤😤
If you want to hold short term, buy at the end of day tomorrow and sell morning of the 4th. I expect most volatility will be between election night and the next morning.
Limit down days about to return from krypton. The mango is ripe to be squeezed. In order words: squeeze for juice 😉
Yes they are having pool parties in Wuhan, even the Chinese knew their propaganda only went so far
it's too cold for riots now
Might see a little bit of anger in the streets but nothing like the unrest both sides are claiming will happen if the other loses. Its just each team demonising the other as violent thugs.
Biden win is good for boomer stocks no? Only tech is fuk
IDK man, all the indexes are in days-long bullish divergence, BUT they're also all inside steep ascending wedges.  IDK what the fuck to think right now...
[deleted]
Ayeee
That was news about a year ago.
Well that was short lived
I'll sell you my 1,000 OTC sheets. Just $5 a pop.
That’s what we thought last time.
Hot water.
in this market, that can still be == to putting your cock on the chopping block. crazy volatility in both directions
I wouldn’t call Biden winning a buyable rumor, the market likes trump. No matter what way you cut it this isn’t a buy the rumor sell the news scenario, there’s just too many variables in play. All pretty bullish honestly
some one could write a counter article.

People believe the earth is flat, I mean i cant be that hard to fool alot of people
Likewise fuck face
Lol this makes so little sense to anyone with logic 😂
yeah but no stupid FDs
Truth.
[deleted]
bitch i’d buy the bitch outta that bitch, bitch
Hey Bob 👋
https://swaggystocks.com/dashboard/wallstreetbets/realtime
Well yes, but actually no.
If they think people will riot then no one will. It’ll be like cringe if anyone riots.
Rejected, Jesus 😂😂
[deleted]
I think we see no decision tomorrow
>Anyone else feel like they were born for civil war

spoken like a true retard
Must be an alcoholic...
[deleted]
sure hope you're right.  I'm balls deep in puts I was so sure about today...
Interesting but that still leaves out an important piece of info: how did you get the crayon out of your teeth?
Ouch. Rough timing.
Man I’m on WSB so much I feel like I know all you dumbasses on a personal level
Doesn’t need to, there is nothing to steal.
Gucci bags for you brotha
Regarding stimulus, its more a matter of 'when' and not 'if.'

Maybe it'll be after we are already fucked. Seems trendy these days
China war is good for my vix calls, let's go!
Apparently this guy missed all summer
That’s a whole other level of...
Free press and free internet makes it kinda hard
I’m down with the LP!
Adjusted the strategy and threw it all into tqqq for about 30mins this morning and pulled out before it went south. Perhaps tomorrow is volatility’s day
Ahh that right, they need to kill themselves *wink *wink.

Just like Epstien
Golf and sell the presidential book of secrets.
kang gang
Soooooooooo all in on SPY calls at open to the moon and I’m broke?
Nothingburger
I’m a millennial. What should I call them?
Bro you almost had that 8.95$..... Almost.
His mind will really be blown if he wins again
Lock him up! Lol
Second Stimulus talks has resumed

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

kek
Good to know bears all have pencil dicks.
hi, please tell us positions, and how long you've holding them. Thanks
[deleted]
Yup. At the end of today I was actually excited because it sets up perfectly for everyone to go all in on calls on a pump that shouldn’t be happening and then we reep the benifit the next day with puts. (Hopefully)
Retard’s such a great word
Someday, my bear will come~
I’m guessing around 3pm
Thanks yeah I’m fine! Never put in more than I can lose. 

But I’ll be damned if I wouldn’t like to win this week
Read the tweets. He’s mentioned very very minor changes. This whole thread is dumb.
[removed]
I think with everyone thinking the market will drop tomorrow, when Trump is still in office until Jan...put holders boutta get FUCKED
I have nothing to add other than my love for *Seinfeld*.  The show is friggin' timeless.
You son of a bitch, im in.

The TV stonks man gave CRSR a big sloppy BJ today fyi.

We going to 30, and we going before earnings call this month.

Look at dem futures.

+6.66%
It’s a legitimate question
No way there is riots, America too lazy. Repubs will just jerk off in their facebook groups and youtube comments if they lose chatting shit about election fraud. 
Dems will just share instagram stories about how unsafe they feel and make tiktoks about how to protect minority groups from facist regime
Farmers for the tax right off
Bearish on MDLZ when they return the price of Oreos to $5 from $3
Market already knows who won.
thank you sensei
TSLA weekly FD’s. Amirite

Shits trading at 69 day ma. Fuckin no brainer boys.
Wait...**Nio** isn't actually the Chinese Tesla...is it???
Don’t be too confident. 

Don’t forget how arrogant Dems were in 2016, and they got slapped
Spreads I'm assuming? Otherwise dayum that's a big account you got
who cares? does it matter who the butcher is when you have your cock on the chopping block? haul away quickly
Leaked zoom calls is why it’s so valuable
I’m all for it.
Cause we can’t just kill the people that would call them out in the lie.
Just wanted to say that I love you fuckers
The market does care about getting a stim passed, anything to interrupt and we’ll be red.
I’ll vote for anyone who will save my dumbass AAPL calls
Nov 5th
Guys that have small pps and also like soy lattes
That's correct
Lmao
Your October looks like mine. I was a little more aggressive. Let’s fucking gooooooo!
How tf did you even find this convo? It's so old
New age rednecks
Why the fuck would you average down a -90% position?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Tsla calls 13k to 1k ...bought em the day after the split

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmy1a8
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmy1a8) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/dmonta986, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dmonta986
Pm_me_your_gat
Daurs
af996
whatelsecaniuse
quantize_me
Anyone else here riding on Tampa Bay -13?
[removed]
Yeah back to team theta... seems like I make more money that way. But 1 trade blows u up but eh
Hmm red vs blue on espn. They planned this.
at what point tomorrow does the market price in Biden's win and then the realization that this market is 2x overvalued?  thats when we go limit down in 1 minute.
Chicago could use a handful of national guards permanently lets be honets
Yes because Trump huffing and puffing refusing to leave is equivalent to a worldwide pandemic
Bears getting cucked is always such fun
I only have puts too. You create hysteria and panic selling by making it unexpected. If we were expecting a red day tomorrow, it wouldn’t be one.
[deleted]
Where's the lie
We’re too busy pumping NIO, battery day left us disenchanted
Are these 5c AMC 11/6 gonna print tendies tomorrow?
Hold.
what consumer demographic is buying an electric hummer?
Futures are typically used by large firms to hedge short positions before elections but the volume is like quadruple last election. When too many firms hedge at the same time that short squeeze can cause some weird antithetical shit
What is WSB doing right now to inverse? I can’t tell if it’s calls or puts
>Pretty sure you can demonstrate that a vehicle is necessary for income so they leave it alone.  If you have 2+ though...

yes
Why cant we just be like china and lie about our covid numbers.

The economy would be very happy.
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/DavidInglesTV/status/1323409056782929920?s=09

Yuan volatilty off the charts, is it really just the US election?

Maybe taiwan? Chinese have been increasingly hostile recently:

"The country has recently experienced numerous incursions by Chinese warplanes, totaling 29 incidents since Sept. 16, with most of those occurring over the Taiwan Strait southwest of Taiwan’s main island, including three on Friday (Oct. 30)."

https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/4042108
Rug pull on some people tomorrow. I guarantee it
[deleted]
Futures were red last night, green tonight. Can easily turn red
🌈
Golf and Ivanka
This can easily turn red by open but my balls are atoll currently in my stomach rn
[deleted]
Same
Short /NQ, sell before hang seng open then long
[deleted]
they definitely fucking why Tom is away
BABA, but you're a few weeks late.
Nah, we're fine.
Green makes me flaccid
I am so baked and so ready for tomorrow, company day off!
Covid cases rejected 100k, long hospitals
5k for me. Last time, I just diamond hand 2 more days and it went 10k positive. Still plenty of time.
Let’s trend down!
And the State of NY...
I said the same thing yesterday, woke up to Green day, red portfolio 
:(
[https://imgur.com/r/SiliconValleyHBO/I9ur6b6](https://imgur.com/r/SiliconValleyHBO/I9ur6b6)
CRSR has some of the nuttiest AH movement out there. Everyday I think my calls are fucked and then it rockets AH and I feel hyped. Then it bleeds the next day, rinse cycle repeat
Wouldn’t have an issue but dude was giving me douche vibe.
Yo let's be friends
[deleted]
more like it opens +0.20% because this market is as boring as shit lately. everyone here who is off their spazmodics hypes it up to high hell so that more people waste money
Me too I only lear to get 20k to 38 k to 15 k
Well i just bet 10 grand on 3x leveraged defense sector direxion funds and another 6 grand on 3x leveraged daily transportation etfs the day before the election.... So pretty sure im just going to jump out of my 1 story window tomorrow and sprain my ankle.
He’s going to start his own network, a Fox competitor. That’s what he wanted to do before he won, to his own surprise.
wtf why hasn't ENRN skyrocketed yet
Should've been buying stock in plywood.
Tomorrow’s gona be nuts man
I feel bad for bears :/ They gettin blue balled hard
Sell them on the dip tomorrow and buy calls. Hedges are going to unwind post election causing the market to go up. It's physics.
It ok we are all
Then if those are things that you value, get after it.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.curbed.com/amp/2020/11/white-house-fence-lockdown-election-day-protests.html

Nothing to see here, all is good, carry on. KangGang on deck.
he tried his best 😢

jk he was probably wrong guy in the wrong job
[removed]
Vote for what
Seeing all these precautionary measure being taken just in case of civil unrest REALLY make me want to hold all my ber positions through the election
Airline stocks, people will move
I think we see panicking tomorrow
Your FUCKED
100k Puts on the US100, god bless america and strike it market hard pls. I'm retarded af.
That’s what I’m thinking, I have only puts right now and these retards are actually making me kind of nervous.
US Marines use 7.62
hummers on the streets because they know Papa Donnie is winning again. incels are preparing
You don't have to big dawg, who is good or bad to you/me is irrelevant. Long as there's someone good to you that guy will be bad to someone else. If it makes you feel better whoever is good to you has probably received donations from the same person/company/pac that gave money to the one you think is bad. Basically it's the illusion of choice, since the 1800s when Carnegie, Rockefeller, JP Morgan came into their fortunes, there was a dynamic move in the power structure of America. No longer did/do the people in office hold power but he people to control the wealth. Nowadays you can also add the people who control the Data to the mix. :)
My marijuana options went BRRR today
Gonna buy a saddle
Watch CRSR continue to climb.

Get baked. 

Watch trump lose.

Get baked more.

Videogames.
Snap puts
You guys watched The Undoing on HBO yet? V good
Nope only took it off the shelves
No stimmy, no shiny
8 pm
[deleted]
[removed]
"Libtard"
Whats your breakeven?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAOZ14Tjg7A
meh risk tolerance smolerance

real meta is to realize that you are playing at the casino. you can win big, but they want to keep you playing. if you keep playing the house always wins
I hear there is more sound effects and warmth.
Way too many voters this year. The Republican vote suppression ain't working.
Long /NQ @11100, target @11150
WSB: let me write some DD about why this far OTM call option that has less than a 1% chance of working  will print money

Also WSB: Not a single person has written DD about the potential huge gains from a Kanye or Jo Jorgensen win tomorrow, smh.
Patience... we still have 13 hours until cash open
[removed]
has anyone smart every used the word libtards?
if you still trust the Poll remember what happened in 2016?
Probably around 6-8ish
Futures are up because its a bull trap. Mms pulling out AH tomorrow
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/quantize_me don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm a penny pincher, I'll be selling puts the whole way up, if I get assigned on a bad day that's fine.
You think Antonio Brown and Gisele are out voting right now during the game while Tom is away?
Shhhhhhhhhhh.  Don't tell em.
[deleted]
why the fuck do you keep sanitizer in the toaster
Confirmed.  Source:  I too am businessman doing business
I thought EBAY had disapeared with the dinosaurs
Someday apples gonna boom and I’m here for it
MMs will inverse wsb until the whole sub is wiped out
In all seriousness, you okay bro?
Everyone has sufficiently hedged and shorted.

What happens after the election, when a historic amount of hedges are unwound and shorts are squeezed? Non-retards know this and are front running this.
RIP
Lmaoooo. I'm saying the rumor is a clean Biden win, which is being bought. "Sell the news" doesnt mean the rumor IS the news.
Or poors
Some guys kill me. One of my client who I was going to finalize a project today brought in an E-commerce expert of his. I just LinkedIn the guy, this 🤡 worked as a VP of e-commerce at Sears during its downfall.

This man was literally one of the guys that bankrupted the business due to their e-commerce strategy.

Looking forward to his feedback.
Deal with a billion in debt
Imagine how good their stonk would do if it brought their Kicker Sauce back?!? Help bring back the sauce and help the stock all at the same time! https://www.change.org/kickersauce
[deleted]
Fuckoff
So this week they'll feast?
We just figure it out as soon as it’s over
The number one thing I've learned since becoming a retard member of this sub is: know your risk tolerance.  
I thought I knew it until I was looking at deep red and wished I had lived my life differently.
🚀

To protect the world from devastation! To unite all peoples within our nation! To denounce the evils of truth and love! To extend our reach to the stars above!
fear and uncertainty probably.
This guy is losing his mind. Stop fucking with his smooth brain please Mr market
Sir this is a Wendy's
what’s he gonna do, burn the white house?
you are going to want to sell the $240 puts right away.  I mean this in all seriousness, put a sell order in right now for $0.03 for all 10 $240 puts.  wake up at open and it it hasn't sold then change the order to 0.02 and if it hasn't sold in 2 minutes sell for 0.01.  There is literally no chance they print. 

the $320 puts are also fairly worthless, you are paying a heavy premium and it will lose value fast.  i would probably also sell those on the first dip of the day.  go Google "spy support and resistance" and look at the levels on barchart for support 1 and 2 and try to sell once it hits the first level.

I don't know anything about betting the volitility plays, but from what I assume they're only worth playing as a hedge when you make large call volumes, and since the market just did a rapid upsy downsy last week chances are those are also not going to move a whole lot. 

the biggest problem with your puts is that on Friday the market closed above $323.5 which was the support level, if it had broke that it would have been a double top indicator for a downtrend for spy... but it didn't and now it's closed at $331. 

I have lots of experience in losing money since March.  $10k-15k-6k-28k-1k-22k-1.8k.  if you want to actually make any money I would recommend clearing all those tomorrow and entering into a few Longer dated options.  you could grab rkt $19 $20 calls that expire December 18th for abo $1.5-$2 an option.  they are high volitility which you know nothing about, but as long as they go up 10% at some point in the next 2 months, then the worst case scenario is you get your money back. 

if you have anymore questions just go ask the mods to ban you for being a gay retard
How do you do VIX on Robinhood again? 🤔
What time do we start seeing numbers tomorrow?
Imagine spending two whole minutes on reading this
Ooh this remind me of something very familiar.
I can feel it coming in the air tonight. Hold on
Sir this is a casino
Genuinely If he loses what does he even do afterwards lmfao
We'll find out. What if these positions end up doubling or more by the time they expire in 2022?
But judge how is it insider trading if we talked about it outside 🧐
Oh well, rip Chicago https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJuyKs7x/
I buy calls the market goes down. I buy puts, and the market goes up. You have *no idea* the financial toll blowing my account up three times has taken. Snip-snap, snip-snap, snip-snap!
the other cars are the crumple zone.
Only real real retards say “libtard” at this point
You must be from Romania 🇷🇴
I said it was gonna be green. Why didn't I buy calls on friday? Lol
>Setting trailing stop losses

Yeah we don't do that here.
[removed]
It’s because you’re autistic. It’s not your fault!
prediction : red by open.. not the market, my account though.
Regulation contains volatility. Would stand to reason dem Congress and Biden potus would be least volatile albeit with a lower ceiling.
That’s so misleading. There’s not an election every year, and that chart shows 40 years. 

What this really says is in 2 of the last 10 elections the market closed red the day before.
[deleted]
Big red by open, where my gang at?
Let’s just get a giant red dildo on SPY all the way down to 325 then peace can be restored in the community
Better see some predictit tomorrow
I either need GME to moon tomorrow or the market to dump
Why would anyone play VXX and not VIX directly. VXX isn't even accurate
imagine the value of my SPY puts tho
Aye brother!
Gap calls
AnCap society would be best for markets
staph
Dude needed a whole year to get rid of 5k, clearly he hasn’t learn much
Maybe taiwan?

The country has recently experienced numerous incursions by Chinese warplanes, totaling 29 incidents since Sept. 16, with most of those occurring over the Taiwan Strait southwest of Taiwan’s main island, including three on Friday (Oct. 30).

https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/4042108
people forgetting futures were down 1% last night and then we had a green day
we could still have a red day tomorrow...ha ha...right..😪
am fuk
Civil war is, that much is for sure
Tesla is pretty cool. Elon does fun stuff at Dick in a Box
You can't back test something that is completely dependent on the individual trader's buy/sell timing.   The idea that prior price action plays absolutely 0 role in determining future price action is objectively stupid.  The price with which the bulk of the shareholder base is holding their shares absolutely matters.  TA is not magic, it's not voodoo, it's not bull shit.  It's not the say all be all of trading, but it's a tool like any other.  It's literally just price data visualized onto a chart. You are an idiot
wouldnt be as much fun if it did
I would imagine oil & gas stocks are gonna fold if Biden wins
https://www.freightwaves.com/news/pfizer-to-bypass-us-government-system-for-covid-vaccine-distribution

Long $PFE $MCK
Checking in from Eastern MA. Also found out on WSB
Do it!
Red by open
https://www.marketbeat.com/stocks/NYSE/GME/institutional-ownership/ big buys after hours
I bought SPY 300 Puts for Nov 30. Wish this retard luck boys! (Civil War pls)
I have
I swear to god every girl I’ve been with who’s a hot mess needs it super rough with spanking and hitting. I don’t really say anything and go along for the funsies, but my current gf asked me to full on punch her in the face and I said no... mostly for liability because gd...
I bought 500 shares Friday, papa bless. 900 total now and some 11/20 24c as well.

You still have time though buddy
I buy calls then market goes down. I buy puts the market goes up. You have no idea the financial toll blowing up my account three times has taken. Ship snap snip snap snip snap!!!
My predictions:
Tomorrow flat day
Wednesday +/- 3%
tesla's ok brah. every time someone makes a big bullish prediction they get their ass handed to them so they just stopped. and rightfully so

tsla can move up past ath in a couple of days from this point. bulls are just waiting for the market to decide this time
I thought that was JPow’s job.
RemindME! 1 week "check on this retarded position"
If you think you can’t do it, just remember, you probably can’t. You’re an autistic idiot that can’t trade!
Crashes only happen when the market is expected to be green, that’s why it’s a crash. But yeah hope your guys calls print a lot on  a very heated Election Day!
[deleted]
Of or having a relationship with a suppository.
They would just hire mexicans to do the dirty work
Someday apple is gonna boom again and I’m here for it
Spy opens 3% because the world doesn’t make sense
Spy giving that triple sloppy top and ready to become a power bottom
This is 2020 Trump will kill himself after losing and the market will rally
Too many bears, spy go up
You guys are sleeping on a Jo Jorgensen win.

Calls on guns, private healthcare, and gold
So TSLA?
I 100% only want the Cybertruck if it's the brick we were promised. And then I will put woodgrain vinyl wrap on it.
Puts on mental health
i’m so confused
[removed]
Smack her thigh and ride the wave in.
https://images.app.goo.gl/jv5HT3P8QhY9vcER9
McDonald’s cook
That's what I'm thinking. It just looks like another Hertz or JC Penney to me
SQQQ 40c 11/20 😎🔫
Too bad. I'm trying to get a sweet deal on this position so tomorrow will be to the moon
Idk former FBI chief says mango man prefers scorched earth tactics
[deleted]
[deleted]
[https://www.timeout.com/newyork/news/nycs-most-iconic-stores-are-boarding-up-ahead-of-election-day-110220](https://www.timeout.com/newyork/news/nycs-most-iconic-stores-are-boarding-up-ahead-of-election-day-110220)

Get ready for riots part 2
Share that screenshot, we wanna see it!
AMD is all-time favorite for wheelers
My noodles taste soggy when futes green
Greener than Hulk’s fleshy dick. Wowzers.
🥺
Nah some lady has this whole ass platform throwing up positivity and shit and having people buy random ass trucks to deliver shit. Not sure what they’re delivering. Could be Breaking Bad 2.0.
or perhaps its you who has lost touch...
Lolz
You as well! May the tendies print in your favor! ❤️
🤯
Also it stays relatively free of politics, we're too autistic to understand what they say other than the language of JPow
🤣
Puts on WMG
Yikes
If youre getting your tax advice from WSB you deserve to be audited by the IRS.
Yeah, I think I’m gonna time between election and their earnings to enter. I’m not suicidal enough to jump in tomorrow for obvious reason
no, but has solid use case for natural disaster recovery and mitigation, which will be even more hot topic.
[deleted]
a cracked iphone 6 plus maybe one day my options can upgrade me to an 8 :')
[deleted]
Yes
Yeah they separated. "IAC shareholders received one share of "new" IAC common stock and 2.1584 shares of "new" Match Group common stock for each share of IAC common stock held immediately prior to the transaction." 

I would imagine IAC still owns those MTCH shares, so in theory IAC should rise when MTCH rises. I don't know the specifics tho. If they are still connected than IAC could be undervalued..
I keep wanting to short apple after making bank shorting their earnings but I’m convinced it’ll shoot up to 120 the instant I do
Net losses, not gross losses.

Other than wash rule you won't be taxed on a one million dollar gain if you also had a one million dollar loss in the same year.
That’s really fucked up that you didn’t neuter your dog
It’s like doctors and STDs. They have always seen worse.
Roll her in flour and look for the wet spot
Those shares might be okay. Cramer pumps can sell off crazy fast, not to mention all the other macro shit
[deleted]
No reason for futes to be red. Puts are hedges for a wack ass outcome tomorrow, not a primary position.
Big HoE Biden is taking us to the green land with ur mom in the back seat baby!
He did.  Need more training. Just 4 months old. So..
Ever since Ted Nugent said “No fat pussy” when describing the rules for his band on JRE, I try to hold myself to a higher standard.
Home depot
Hold the hell up!!! I can get this on my fridge?!?! I found this fridge COMPLETELY useless functionality wise but if I can blow money in my kitchen making eggs YOLO
Nice, we reporting 88,000 cases with weekend reporting. Tomorrow is about to be fucked.
Puts it is
No shit, this guy must be fucking loaded. Glass bottle version as well? Goddamn
7.62
[deleted]
Thanks, and wtf

I wonder if some accounts are grandfathered. I received no notice about this in my messages or by email.
Somebody forgot that TOS is 0-indexed....
It's going up no matter who wins to push "the markets are happy with the results" narrative
Net losses
Rule number 1 : Always inverse WSB
Your autism is admirable
ATH is above 30.

You got time bro
Calls on being a piece of shit
I want you to go to jail for this.
Wow fuck futures, all my homies hate futures
Novem🐻 will come
[deleted]
Why isnt anyone pumping tesla? It keeps me up at night
Good luck friend!
[deleted]
So what’s the play if Kanye wins?
Someone in the UK about to go on lockdown but they are reading news about Mango and Joe. The US hegemony intact
I have no idea wtf u just said, but think i kinda love you or something.
Plus that’d fuck up my stonks 

GUSH 22c 11/20
[deleted]
nice one, lol
My useless prediction for tomorrow: 

We open .5-1.5% green, climb another .5% in the first 20 minutes then drop 3% through the rest of the day
For whom the bell tolls... time marches on!
I want Mango to come out with an ar 15 tomorrow night when he self declares victory and voter fraud lollll
It do be like that 😔



SQQQ $40c 11/20 rip
When you buy tendies from your tendies from your  tendies machine to put in your tendies machine.
We’re at 331 again! We’re back to September 16th levels
Unless it’s a sub zero. Those things are nice
It's not really a yolo considering there is only a 11% downside
so basically if biden wins stocks will go up, and if trump wins they’ll go up more?
Upvoted because yall have to face the truth
Hey hey hey, trade WEED everyday
All I know is I will be in my South Dakota voting booth buying spy calls as I’m voting orange man
Calls on Wood https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJuyWy8v/
Trulys and rainbow vodka. You guys went full gay with this one. Did you do whipped cream vodka body shots off eachother after?
You’d think with everyone calling for a crash there would be a crash right?!? Because thats how it works.
[removed]
[removed]
Bro are you really trading from your fridge?! Lmfao
How high will the spy go up???
Kinda weird how online retail as a whole (Amazon, Etsy, Wayfair, Ebay) took a dump right now of all times right before winter when both Covid and holiday shopping should be at its peak.
I think I may have missed the forest for the trees. Tomorrow and the week will be chaos, but what exactly will the binary event be? A gradually developing picture of the odds? Electoral vote at a specific time? Are the buyers and the sellers just holding their breath in a standoff waiting for the first move?
NKLA?
"Biden’s plan would first raise taxes on capital gains by treating them as ordinary income for those earning more than $1 million. On his website he said he would also raise the top rate on ordinary income back up to 39.6 percent from the 37 percent rate put in place by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act." [Source](https://taxfoundation.org/joe-biden-tax-proposals/)

If you're making more than 1M/year, go cry into your stack of money about it.
😳
VIX is the only volatility one I play unless you count SQQQ so I don’t know
Dumb and ban
Big Joe
I really enjoy it here. The mix of hilarious observations about life, incredibly retarded plays, and the rare solid DD are incredible. Don't wipe yourselves out trying to be "that guy" that predicted everything to a T. There will always be opportunities and many will be easier than trying to navigate something that could range from business as usual to complete clusterfuck.
Length vs Girth.
fake
Honestly I’d ask him what his portfolio looks like and if he ever fomos into stupid stuff but doesn’t tell anybody he knows irl because he has a reputation, but secretly tries to hit those big plays on the DL when his finance buddies aren’t looking
How do you know if you never tried?
P R I C E D  I N
Can’t wait to see the loss porn
Riots bullish for construction industry?
Hey I got my 11/6 puts too hopefully 324 is realistic by Friday
Excellent job sir! Look forward to hearing your progress.
Microsoft Surface Duo
Why didn’t you like it?
I’m holding AAPL 107p overnight and I’m scared
Welcome to Wendy’s
Definitely didn’t learn how to pull out
Not that bad.
lol nobody's moving to the rural boonies my guy. people are moving to the suburbs. people in rural areas probably still use their phone to get on the internet lmfao
Uvxy shares and got caught up with work and forgot to sell calls against them before EOD for those juicy premiums. Hopefully vix up sometime during the day so I can finish my play.
Yum my baba is climbing
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** JPOW and WSB Kid(2020)

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmzgmx
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmzgmx) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/OOminati1, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
OOminati1
Thebush121
Spy 320 eow
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
And next day after announcing contest election from either side.
/ ﾌﾌ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ム///

/ )\⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Y

(⠀⠀| 🇺🇸.             ⌒(⠀ ノ

(⠀ ﾉ⌒ Y ⌒ヽ-く ____／

| _⠀｡ノ| ノ｡ |/

(⠀ー '_人`ー ﾉ

⠀|\ ￣ _人'彡ﾉ

⠀ )\⠀⠀ ｡⠀⠀ /

⠀⠀(\⠀ #⠀ /

⠀/⠀⠀⠀/ὣ====================D🐻

/⠀⠀⠀/⠀ \ \⠀⠀\

( (⠀)⠀⠀⠀⠀ ) ).⠀)

(⠀⠀)⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀( | /

|⠀ /⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ | /

[] ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀[__]
Why didn't you just pre-pay your taxes?
Fuck I knew I should have loaded up on RKT at $18.00 Friday. Just got burned too many times this election season
Lmao spy puts
oh danny boy, the green candles are callingggg
Downvoted
🤡
Me too, good luck out there!
who do you all think will win? My NAK shares on riding on the results. A sleepy joe win will send my shares crashing lol
Wish I could say the same.
yeah, hopefully a gap down to minimize losses. If not, fuck it I might as well hold through the election
Eric 🥭 looks like an inbred dont @ me
Holding anything over night is sketch af
nice
i dunno it just sounds right, dunnit?
You’ve learned how to lose tendies
Not my thing.
As much as you can YOLO shares...
You'd be jumping,  I'd come off the edge
Broski what the fuck are you talking about? You’re saying trump winning in the rumor and Biden winning is the news in this scenario. You clearly don’t understand what you’re trying to make fun of Others for. Congratulations you’ve found a home here.
You make a little money off the top by selling a call against your long 100 shares of stock. He’s bullish long-term so likely he will do it a couple more times. This strategy is ideal when you think the underlying is going up, but not gonna moon in the short term.
You like their long term potential?
Bears r so fuk. Downvoted will not change anything 😘😘
Morons of the world... unite!
Just when I thought people weren’t already taken advantage of, there’s a literal MLM for buying trucks.
Hahahahhaa this was funny 😄
For every point drop in the SPY tommorow, I'm rubbing one out.  For every point up, my dog is getting whacked off.  Either way, There Will Be Jizz (Paul Thomas Anderson reference).
Puts on CXW
Anyone see the Yuan’s volatility spike earlier?
I hate puts
Was literally just thinking this. But it’s so inflated rn if I got assigned I would be nervous
Were all here to gamble bullshit but trust me save that shit.

http://imgur.com/a/ozBsL3E

That's my entire year of free money gone. I'd rather look at in my bank account then on this red screen.

If you want take 3k and yolo it into a weekly for fun. If u hit congrats if u lose you'll look at that other 32k in a different light.

Good luck
Bears will be eternally fuk after tomorrow when Diamond Joe wins a landslide and the market rallies like you’ve never seen due to them pricing out a civil war
🤮
[deleted]
Wtf futures are green as shit
Same regarding toe-dipping. Its past 2 months have been stupid.
Except Y2K didn’t have a Twitter account and the nuclear codes
I said green today. Red tomorrow though
Civil war is priced in.
See what happens tommrow
I doubt the election will be a catalyst for limits down, but if they are it’ll be tomorrow night while no one can close their position, not during the day .
iPhone X since it’s basically the newest one at a steep discount.
Qorvo calls. Even Michael Burry has calls for them
You probably don't need a truck to look retarded.
They stopped selling pistol ammunition
I have 100 shares of T but the premiums are atrocious.
So we up .5% and losing our minds?
That fucking sucks. I'm always scared they might get more frequent, my grandfather had them a lot and I'm scared it's genetic or something.
You should know that stonk almost always moons after hours
Neutral evil vs chaotic evil
11/6 $330P SPY, Down 25%, Hold or Cut Losses?
I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2020-11-10 01:05:01 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-10%2001:05:01%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlwez9/atlas_air_aaww_the_ticket_to_tendie_town_this/gayhec7/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjlwez9%2Fatlas_air_aaww_the_ticket_to_tendie_town_this%2Fgayhec7%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-10%2001%3A05%3A01%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jlwez9)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Cruise ships delayed cause COVid
We're in good shape
Ur dumb mate
Who is evil to you?
Uvxy, a product designed to decrease in price. Autist is an understatement, for you, chap.
We gonna limit up tonight or what??
My confirmation bias agrees
Anything to deal with renewable energy and cannabis
This guy copulates.
If you don’t got reddit dark mode, you literally ain’t black
T or vz
Remindme! 1 week
Did you see the total volume today on that sucker.. people taking profits and still trading sideways after the huge run up
I think they're gonna add more edges to it
[deleted]
Check your [state] (https://www.vote.org/voter-registration-deadlines/) it may be possible
VXX Gang
Sold 5x CRSR $25 Nov calls before close today. Guess I'm going to be kissing those shares goodbye.
This is actually quite common as the bull has become a target of vandalism in the past.  I doubt this picture is even from today. 

11/4 SPY 300 P
ICLN
I never said who was bad or good.
[deleted]
AvP, actually PvP
Shoulda yolo'd it on DGLY
[Yes](https://imgur.com/gallery/HoOzbiw)
Calls better BRRR you orange fool
well this administration has behaved like a junkie going on a bender to feel better.  so i think recovery will be quite painful.
The question is what was the original position he's protecting?
I have Jan 125c and Feb 135c. It’s a nice hedge for selling CC weeklies
[deleted]
UFO stock market abruptly changed directions
Nothing because Everything Will Be Free™
Hope you're right. But people sometimes change pretty quick once things stop going their way. Even if it was just like 0.1% of them that decided to get violent, it would be a significant event
Someone should write a book about the art of staying in the shadows
Whats your logic behind the CCL 49P?
All in puts

MARCH 2.0
How do y’all feel about fat girl pussy?
WSBgod posted his latest positions: https://twitter.com/WSBgod/status/1323360087830720513/photo/1
My shiny metal calls are looking like they’re finally going to start printing any day now. 😎😎
If there is a Civil War, that isn’t the maker of my weapon of choice.
Yeah, VXX is always spreads for me since the IV is so high.
Without illegal labor, California shuts down. No more agriculture. It’s the state/city/public employee pensions and retirement that’s handcuffing California. 

Jesus you’re dumb as fuck.
O lyke no way oh em gee rly!??!
[deleted]
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/bandocorp the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
BUY THE FUCKING DIP 

BACK TO SPY 360
Honestly each side is gonna bitch and lawyers are going to profit hard.
Friday 10/30 1 hour before market close was the start of this current bull ripper we're on now 

aint stopping til new ATHs
Oh shit if even Rkts green u know what that means
 Not priced in yet. Actually, today was the opposite. But we’ll see.
BERS R FUK
you mean for Christmas?
makes sense, those are the only kind of aggressions that exist
Earnings were last week... 🤦‍♂️
you won't owe money young retard, unless you signed up for gold and will have to pay $5 a month, which you won't have any funds to cover in 29 days so don't worry.
[removed]
Many states allow you to register in person on election day. 

https://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/same-day-registration.aspx
Youre on the buy high sell low tendie train. Stay the course.
Not going to happen :)
Oh yeah 💯 guaranteed gains
It depends on what state. Many offer same day registration. I know California does
Anytime. Been in some dark corners myself over the years. It’s the least I can do. Love ya fucks.
RKT is a good stock, but timing weekly calls is risky.. just get something way out 2021 and you're laughing
Yessir, unless it's the priced in result. In this case, a clean Biden win.

The rumor is a very bullish outcome. The news is a underwhelming or even bad outcome (contested election). See  recent earnings calls that "beat" EPS
ARKG and ICLN
$ICLN?
if you're ashamed you don't deserve them
Ya man it’s priced in. We always have contested elections, so we can just use that data to guess what could happen this election cycle. /s
"Hey tim what are you suppose to be?"

Tim: (ha she doesn't know who I am? The most popular caricature of modern capitalism? The symbol of avarice, indulgence, and obscene wealth? The modern version of The Wolf? The rallying flag of those who won't live the sedentary life and would be willing to risk it all for the grand winner? She has no fucking idea!)

Tim: "I'm... Uh.... The.... dubya... uh... ess be guy... hehe... he...?"

"Uh... sure."
[deleted]
Is it a gamble to hold puts through the election or are they gonna print
Negative GEX means somebody in the fire department switched from using water to gasoline. Can't wait to watch SPY burn
its hard to fight the government illegally working against you.
ACB is trash, take it off your list please trust me. Replace it with PLNHF bro. 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHNnzNR1SKw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHNnzNR1SKw) Check this out and tell me it doesn't sound interesting. The single location does 12% of all of Nevada sales. They plan on opening a superstore in every city big enough to support a pro sports team. Store #2 is being opened in Santa Ana in Q1 2021. Not available on robinhood so many people on here don't know about it. It's a gem. I have 5000 shares bought at $1.10
What do we buy if Biden wins?
330p here
What factual data can you provide regarding “city folks” exodus to rural areas due to covid?
Why do all NIO options only go up to 45?
That's the whole point. Ppl know whats evil and whats good but are mad anyway
They want to apply the higher capital gains to all trades 😍😍😍
I upvoted, this is wholesome. Thanks for doing a good thing.
Are they that worried about who wins US election?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why the fuck are futes still green?
Boomer Jones 🤑😍🤮😫😩✊💦💦
The gay bear to the left thought you two were so gay he couldn’t be seen with you.
You're good for 2024
Always inverse wallstreetbets
Market does not care about riots
It’s all relative bro. The good guys to you are bad to others and the bad to you are someone else’s heroes. Rinse and repeat through history. Better to be in the shadows playing both sides, that’s where the real power is. As in the politicians in office are merely puppets for the people with the real money and power.
Amd
Samsung Refrigerator Recall U.S.A Now 


(But in all caps, cause, you know, a boomer is the page moderator)

They really do have good advice and tips for defrosting your fridge and stories about how to avoid some shady practices (they really are- it’s nothing just Karen’s)
I’m ashamed holding puts rn
The amount of money poured in the Nasdaq 100 since 3pm EST boggles the mind.  Yet it's the Robinhooders who "ruined the market"....fuk outta here with this trash.  Buy more monitors, chadbros, maybe it'll be clearer.
"Elon designed this in his basement while doing coke off of Grimes"

Srsly though, just give me my Cybertruck until my Roadster is ready.
🤡🤡🤡
Thas funny
We moon when Nancy Pelosi assumes the throne and announces a 10 trillion stimulus
Maybe great evil versus lesser evil.
Just hold until Wednesday. You won’t regret it
What, you don't think an 80+ P/E ratio is reasonable??
one side is definitely worse than the other, but I'd have a hard time calling either "good"
If a chicks not interested get at her friend - Paul Blart
The guy that paid six-figures to a pornstar and diverted billions from the Pentagon for a wall.
If mango man wins you’ll probably say it’s rigged
imagine loving charts and still being bullish right now
That's still dictated by quantum states, the real problem is there nothing that says you have to be a winning version.
PLTR gonna moon post election to help prevent post election domestic terror?
is it too late to register to vote?
The works if you think city dwellers are moving to different states that are rural. States tally total votes
keep telling yourself that.
Not on a POS Samsung.
Nio
I did!  Yippee!!
[https://www.reddit.com/r/options/comments/jmpsji/fidelity\_no\_longer\_lets\_small\_accounts\_buy/](https://www.reddit.com/r/options/comments/jmpsji/fidelity_no_longer_lets_small_accounts_buy/)
Mf be 300+ talking about “slim thiccc”.
I'm already at 300 shares but I've been selling covered calls on them.
They changed it on Friday. I’m switching to TD
Why are u shorting snap?
[deleted]
Missed that class, I was too busy fucking your step mom
Unless you mean "sell strangle" instead of bought,a flat day will fuck you. And if you do mean sold them you basically have an iron condor.
Theta gang, yeah this guys 🍑 👆
It’s not dumb. If Trump secures a victory there’s gonna be rioting somewhere. I’d bet money on it
You mean evil vs slightly less evil depending on your views?
[deleted]
Family in the mid west would hate this
[deleted]
Bruh you just don't get it...Its not even about the money anymore its about the TRILL, the near misses, the adrenaline of 'fuuuuuck I was gunna invest in that. Stonk'    and if you can't understand that then you ain't blac errr uhh umm I mean a TRUE WALL STREET BETER
[deleted]
Who’s good?
Didn’t they split over the summer?
Remind me 48 hours
What is the name of the FB group? Just in case. Thanks for the tips!
Hey you added the gambling line!  Nice and keep up the good work!
FB 300C 11/13
Tesla 450C 11/6
CCL 49P 11/6
Good enough for me
And the winner is the news? Bruh seems like you are one of those ppl that don’t get it lol
I was ashamed to be RKT gang for a minute after I was assigned shares but I’m in. Let’s fucking get it
Fuck yes NIO green
Fuck it, I’m voting for those murder hornets. I like the way they say it like it is.
Sell the rumor, buy the news. That was day one of retard training dumbass
Obv
While I think VXX puts are directionally the right way to go make sure not to buy weeklies or you’ll feel a bit of IV crush if it plays out big in your direction.

I opted for call credit spreads since those are still directionally hoping for VXX to go down and they benefit from IV crush.
i am mostly long, but i got an oil short.  why am i like this
yea but I thought we’d dump more today and tmrw, that EOD pump and the AH pump rn are throwing me off. Whatever
They're\*
This election is literally good vs evil. Lol
I feel like Wed is gonna pick a direction and go, tomorrow feels like the indecision day IMO.
Bought a put to hedge against market dropping, bought a call for it mooning, bought a strangle incase it stays flat. Covered all my bases.

Bet your ass market is going to go left just to fuck me now.
Logically speaking, considering how people from the cities have moved to rural areas and red states due to covid, and that we’re seeing record number of voters, Biden should take this pretty easily. Thoughts?
When you open the blue tarp it is a BEAR.
Holy shit I missed the fucking whistling.
[removed]
Go away
bruh give the bears a break! theyve suffered enough from today alone
You dont sound like a gal
Sorry you lost money today, wait no I’m not 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Election
[deleted]
Why do you murder?
Drive a truck. Seriously
I've seen this so many times it's starting to get funny again.
Price action suggests Trump contesting a loss is priced in now.

The wild swing probably isn't happening - 2% at best.

BLM supporters tear shit up, MAGA supporters don't come across like they're about that life.

They'll protest in pockets but no matter how much Trump tries to incite them they would never burn shit down and cause a convincing amount of unrest/uncertainty.

This week will probably end anticlimactically flat if Biden wins.
Keep ? What you mean
[deleted]
the one voice of reason here
When a Monday isn't green, usually it's bad news for the rest of the week.
IV crush from hell.
One last time for the evening..

🚨IF YOU LOST A TON OF MONEY TODAY🚨

It is just money. You are crazy enough to be here, so you’re crazy enough to make it back. Worst case, there’s bankruptcy. Debt wiped clean. Hell, my daddio was getting discover card offers only a few months into his bankruptcy. There is always hope.

**Don’t make a permanent decision over a temporary situation.**

.-.-.-.-.

24/7 Crisis Hotline:
1-800-273-TALK (8255) (Veterans, press 1)

Crisis Text Line:
Text TALK to 741-741

Veterans Crisis Line:
Send a text to 838255

SAMHSA Treatment Referral Hotline (Substance Abuse)
1-800-662-HELP (4357)

The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700) 
         
The National Problem Gambling Text Helpline 800-522-4700
What’s the rumor in this situation
Pton and papa seem like the best candidates for big upward movement after er. Cvs seems like a prime candidate to crush earnings and not move at all. You could probably sell atm calls and puts and do good on both sides.
Then mango will convince the maga crew that the slow ballots are somehow forged given early voting heavily skews dem. Then, the real fun would begin.
I LOVE NIO!!!
Fellas, it's been good to know ya
this is some absolutely retarded logic
Apparently the saying is "Buy the News"
I dont know just singed up today. I been off my meds and freaked out. Now having anxiety attacks. Is there a way to get off these tomorrow? Can I owe money?
Breaking news
Robinhood charts are so fucking dumb - how about a x and y axis label - give me a fucking month without having to fuck around
All volume got pushed back toward the end of the day as traders contemplate the next direction. Spy's vol for the day was actually higher than 3 months avg
Help a brother out
User name checks out
Found the 80 IQ irrationally exuberant permabull
Friday was such a good day for scalps & I fucked up. Wednesday will probably be better though imo
2 months, not 2 weeks
I listened to entirely too much of them as a teen
Now this is quality. Consumer cyclicals mooned today
Only a fool would do that, you fucking retard. Go to bed
Janitor
their market is more free than ours now :(
You keep the difference...if there is one lol! So yes you can buy it back...but if the stock has gone down, you'll lose money...if it went up you'll keep some
[deleted]
No matter who wins tomorrow booze, weed, and blow will help me through again. GL fellow retards/
Hold on to your puts for a couple of days.
Yes I am sure Trump will behave in very certain and predictable manner to the election.  Nothing uncertain about the next 2 months after tomorrow!
Might open high might open low, fuck it
A correction is still on the table tho buddy
[removed]
I was banned for politics. Was a mild conversation too but I suspect I was part of a string of band because the weekend crew decided to raid r/politics and shitpost.... was not a part of it but hey what can you do
🙏 I just want to see this happen
[deleted]
We stay flat and the both bleed
Thank you for your service
Wtf kind of DOS platform is that. Check back in Friday Mr Big dick
So I’m wheeling Apple, what’s another reliable liquid stock in the 30-100 dollar range to wheel?
PINS $50 EOW
Big green BBY
Eurik you biga fat fucking asshoe
Yup, I'm getting VXX puts at close tomorrow.

If any of Florida, Georgia, or North Carolina go for Biden it's over, and they all report results very early. And then AZ at midnight.

The whole race could be over by 8pm.
Market makers make money on the spreads so what makes them money is high volume.
[deleted]
I'm gonna need a source on that. I've been doing that every week
Sorry bud.  Hope your risk management game is stronger
yea - partway through the day, i can see limit down easy.
Naw he’s fleeing. Game over bye byeee.
It’s the largest non bank loan provider with earnings that all signs point to blowing out of the water. Yeah I’m bullish
Just buy NIO and other chinese companies who won't give a shit who wins anyway

This post was made by NIO gang
How the fk can you still keep it ?
Dudeeee, awesome!
you r fuk
We will get glass within the next 2-3 years
[deleted]
Yes tell the internet more about exactly how much firepower you have at your home. Also which hours you work and what was the addy? Fucking child.
ITM Spy calls is my move tmrw
Sideways
Like pus mixed with blood color?
[removed]
Good luck
https://twitter.com/DavidInglesTV/status/1323409056782929920?s=09

Yuan volatilty off the charts, whats happening in China?
Everyone wants to buy in before the election- totally believe it 🤣
[deleted]
Nice! A halloween party where no one is wearing a masks! True retards 👌
Ah. Gotcha. Agreed.

Edit: I thought you were taking a different angle. 🤙🏽🤙🏽
Onlyfans?
Walmart more
once they say that we won’t know our president for the next 2 weeks. Expect a massive bleed
Buy a put buy a call what’s the worst that can happen
That’s what I understood. Are people here just as retarded as me for saying I’m only taxed on my net profit?
So up or down?  Got it thanks
& I thought I was fucking retraded
Bullish. 
Like the last riots.
Lol true but nobody here knows what is going to happen day to day. Not even the big boys.
[deleted]
Defense and oil
Weird flex, but okay.
he will be too senile
You can put the money in a broker to make more than 0.1% or whatever the fuck you're getting without dumping into FDs.
I will not be europoor
Tomorrow is going to end up a nothingburger on all fronts
bears will own wednesday
[deleted]
I can't believe I bought puts i thought I was so smart
Or scalp futures!
when you are looking around and can't tell who the sucker is... its you.
[removed]
Im holding puts like things are logical, my bad
Looks like the forecast is for more retarded pumps
Wtf i love Cramer now
[deleted]
MM ls will keep it trading sideways for this week because that’s the most profitable for them. 

Fuck your calls, Fuck your puts.
Weed stocks, ticker MJ is a good bet
GEX down bigly 🤑🤑
Holding a lot of money in spy calls for me . I need a win tomorrow and this week... The red days of my portfolio are turning into a red montb
What happens if you buy back the puts before they expire? What happens to the premium you received?
Be responsible.
who here got us all kicked off Fidelity's broker?  someone here fucked us all over and now you can't buy FDs on Fidelity anymore unless u got 1milli account.
I bought shares and sold covered calls around the $18 range. I’ve been wrecked since the option premium didn’t cover the price drop. Then I decided to double down by selling some puts and the price kept dropping. Today was a welcome adjustment, but I fully expect it to tank 10% after earnings are released.
[deleted]
Hatred will beget more hatred. It is not the best way
I have faith that Donnie Boy wont go away quietly. He’s gonna throw a tantrum and contest the election, and bleed the market in RED. I will be ready to buy
Dang, I slept on it
Green then red
Have potat:  🥔
Easy. In three easy steps:

1. Open your broker account on your computer
2. Take out your phone 
3. Snap a picture
[deleted]
SBE to moon hard. Get in now
2024?
RemindMe! 27 hours
[deleted]
Most people think red day tomorrow. GREEN DAY TOMORROW BOYS.
Tomorrow is gonna be glorious
They send a 🌈🐻 from here, as they have extensive ball fondling, balls-on-chin and cock handling experience. Plus, they need the money.
Are you on the original RH version? That screen looks almost as sad as those option oh
my fuck
315
I know this isn't real but the way he tries to hide his phone like he's embarrassed 👌
Agreed. Also IAC their parent co has a track record of growing these tech companies big. MTCH/IAC are a great buy and hold.
[deleted]
I thought I can only deduct up to 3k losses and the rest carry over?
I feel this
*super fake*

*super gay*

🆒🆒🆒🆒🆒
That’s because you never sent the order sir..... This is Dominos
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** LULU

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmz8u1
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmz8u1) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/tandonthrowaway22, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
therealdanimale
skyfallboom
hunnerk1999
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
News doesn't matter, they just rewrite headlines to match what's happening

stocks down on covid fears

stocks up on vaccine hopes

repeat for 6 months
Where’s the fucking pic
[deleted]
I’ve had 35k sitting in my savings account since June. Question is whether I reloaded the RH or be a responsible human being.
Tomorrow may be the best scalping day in years and years to come. For every hour you spend staring at the futures tickers tonight at least try and spend 5 mins getting a game plan together.
This guy fucks.
For me. 

I sold them to you.
It literally cannot go tits up
Cute paper acct
True story😂
Checks out
ya this would actually the best outcome
Ahh the calm before the storm
The same way it has been mooning from $34?
No effort. What a bad costume, if you can even call it that
I wouldn’t be surprised we hit 340 by morning all of trumps gang has to make some nuggets before they pull out
[deleted]
You do realize that There is a 50/50 shot that massive riots kick off tomorrow....
election is tomorrow
🚀🚀🚀
Nio loss porn inc
You already know he didn’t sell by looking at futures. 🤡🤡 I’m fucked. 


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmkz1s/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_02_2020/gaxcwc7/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Yes. Take a look at VVIX 5 year chart and you’ll see the IV crush for VIX
Fuck domino's. Delivery never came
air punching and knee kicks
Just inverse the sub when we get to bullish bro
why would they be?
WHAT???
The fact that people believe we will have another crash like the March lows is crazy, and shows there are a lot of new "traders" in here ( less than a year involved in the markets) Crashes comes when there is uncertainty, Covid was a black swan event that came out of nowhere, but now that we already know about Covid and working towards a vaccine, that beast has been tamed.
I found waldo in the background, this is totally fukin bearish
My puts are based on the unexpected shutdown, not election
Pull up the 5 year VVIX chart and you can see how quickly VIX volatility comes down. Hope this guy sells within 24 hours because this bet could go to 0 in a heartbeat come Wednesday
Earth is a sphere and no we do not live inside a cup
Right. Unless you live in a secluded property with proper fencing and some real real shit your “base” in the city is going to get overrun within a week of anarchy. Hate to break it to anyone . If you want a legit survival plan have a very fast, very decisive way to gtfo of dodge and lay low in some third world country if you can. Otherwise you better have a real community to be a part of . That said I don’t personally think society will break down like that.... but anything is possible
[deleted]
*chuckles*
Sir,
You have taken too much ACID
Don’t get me wrong, I’m hoping yours is golden, but I got my last December and spent the last 2 months trying to get them to fix it, replace it, or give me a refund.  There is a very large fb group dedicated to trying to recall Samsung refrigerators.  They generally have 2 issues - 


1.) If the ice maker is in the refrigerator (not the freezer) then it condensates and either freezes the fan, stops making ice, and/or dispels water under the fridge drawer.  It can also freeze & burst the line- causing flooding.  



2.) It just stops cooling (that’s what mine did).  It says it’s at temp, but my melted ice cream and multiple thermometers said it was at 64°. Food above 42° is particularly unhealthy and many have gotten sick from them 😕

But, a few do fine.  So seriously, good luck
3.)
This is hilarious 🤣
Precious metals shadow banned lol
[deleted]
[removed]
your friend is an idiot
M A G A P U M P M E D A D D Y
Big cities can’t operate without rural areas.
Wish I loaded up on more CRSR today.
Lol no, I just don’t read to the bottom of porn loss explanations, and I am not actually autistic myself.
Good luck tomorrow retards. SpY puts gunna print big time tomorrow.
[deleted]
Unless you're holding really long dated options for over a year before selling, all your option gains are taxed at your normal income rate and not capital gains rate anyway. If you're pulling in 50k+ on cashing in long term gains each year, then fuck you.
Turns out baba calls are a fantastic hedge against my army of poots! 🇨🇳
Pretty sure it'll be a USB-C dongle and iPhone 12 versions that come with it. No cable of course, because they care about the environment.
I hope that’s a hedge. I called the top of UVXY last week. Very easy to see on the chart. In hindsight, I think the sell off was last week. The market has a tendency to zig when everybody is betting it to zag.
What are your *grooves* tomorrow?
Jpow gets covid news may actually save my 11/4 326p
A really old one
What’s your buddy number / user name?
What if mango man becomes president of the south and Sleepy Joe president of the North?? Everyone's happy then
Lol @240 put. Peak tard
I dunno. It just sits there in my positions and laughs at me everyday. Sometimes I think I shoulda sold it for the profit at $15, but I can't do it. I honestly think I'm doomed to either see it moon or take me down to .01 eventually.

A blessing or a curse?
oh yee
By Christmas p
Can we get one of those 20% SPCE days tomorrow? ^My ^portfolio ^depends ^on ^it
That’s a lot of fucking.
Don't tell them yet, they need to have hope each single day just to get crushed by our train of green dildos.
Love it omg telsa porn.. BTFD lmaoooooo has
Is it just me or does this look like Nikola’s Badger
But they did rubber. So kind of full circle. Shit I went round and did it again. I’m just rolling...
Vxx credit spread
I predict someone with a cock will win
everytime i see the word election, i read it as erection
Why? She's doing a fine job. Don't you like them bouncy?
The dip already happened. Bears are oh so bigly fucked
I'm in Abella danger
Glad the bots are at full charge
We gonna pump into the election. It just makes sense.
If y'all don't understand buy the rumor sell the news by now...yikes
When silver was going nuts mid summer I woke up in a half-asleep panic one night and woke my girlfriend up and screamed “the price of silver is dropping!” Then went back to sleep and didn’t remember till she told me. Woke up to a -13% day for silver that day. I see the future of stocks in my dreams
SolitaryEgg, you are no longer in scrambles ❤️
guh
Fuck bulls. Fuck bears. Fuck MM. Fuck 😴 joe Fuck 🥭. FUCK ME
Wait this guys actually cashed out? That's gotta be against the rules or something right?
Spreads? What is that?
Yoooo big red gang we gonna just fade into the night like this? We gotta band together and fight for what we believe in
And what if you’re wrong and 🍊 loses?
I don't care for the first 2, I kinda wanna see the third only because it demonstrated the pure irrational behavior of the market in the spring and summer while I lost a shit ton of money.
I'm in danger
I only have macro aggressions
SPY by EOM
[deleted]
Our little Yorkie was a taco for Halloween.  :)
Yea legitimate question. Bought these today. I got problems
yea I guess
Every logical human would think the market would tank today you bulls have no fucking idea how easy you have it
oh its 100% rigged, literally by design
$YANK
That’s IBKR and this is impossible...
fuck no
From the makers of the $999 monitor stand, they will give us $2999 monitor stand pro, and $3999 monitor stand max that holds slightly larger monitors.
What none of you are prepared for is when 🥭 runs again in 4 years and wins
Literally worst scenario aside from contested election
326p here
Hopefully not very, then.
Yeah, really took off on earnings.
🐻 's lives matter
RKT to the moon either way
I guess that’s true
I specifically avoided 2008 for a reason. I’m not going to include the time during the largest recession in our lifetimes. Please feel free to use any other midterm or presidential election that Democrats won on and show me what happened?
Also happy to see you took an intro to psychology class so you can say correlation doesn’t equal causation but the fact of the matter is that catalysts cause changes in the stock price and dems winning is a huge catalyst
[deleted]
Clown ass motherfucker
Puts?
We all know it’s rigged though so could be +5% or -5%
I’m just hoping I can atleast not loose all my money tommrow lmao
The final iteration of the cybertruck will live up to its name and only exist in cyberspace as purchases in Animal Crossing, Habbo Hotel, Fornite and as a CSGO skin for your P90. Therefore buy the $FB dip.
Negative GEX and decrease in DIX 👀
Best jelq plays right now?
[deleted]
by friday
If only we had that technology. Maybe in 2050 when we have flying cars
We were born retards just for this day
Taking bets like this in an IRA...yep, you belong here.
[deleted]
Same shit different day... flat by open, some dicking around 330. we need news
spot on man, made my eveaing better knowing i got lot on line
God bless papa musk.
Prolly print, cause IV will remain high before election results
Is this legit?
[deleted]
Got MAR 21 calls.
You think a Biden victory could be declared a day after votes start getting counted? This will drag on for weeks until Trump uses the Supreme Court to stop votes from continuing to be counted for biden
GME?
They know Biden isn’t going to win and need to keep the Commies from destroying everything.
Rope sales ceiling high right now
[removed]
Stopped reading as soon as he said sell
Cotton balls.
Will see bro you could be right or could be wrong
If this market isn't rigged, -2% tomorrow.
Yeah they drill fir space oil I think. Seen it years ago, real good movie. Like the big short but in space.
Biden wins WH, republicans keep senate

Let's fucking gooooo
All I see is bull signals. If they look like bear signals, it’s just a bear trap
[deleted]
I lost 85% of my account on long dated AMD calls that I purchased a month and a half ago. Sorry bro. I feel for ya...
I admire your assumptions, you’re absolutely correct on the fact that we don’t know if they were hedges or not. Regardless, a 2 to 1 ratio is a data point to take into account. I never said anything about exclusively using this data point to make trading decisions, I was merely pointing out an oddity.  

Maybe you’re the one that’s doing what you just explained? Seems like you’re drawing from past experiences of losing money and then losing more?
Riced in
[deleted]
tomorrow will be a shitshow either way and i’m here for it
This!
This, though to clarify, its shit that doesnt really have a convincing argument behind it. I love me some good detailed DD, even if its wrong.
I’m still as bearish as I was in PM this morning.
Try last night. As an autist betting $10k against the SPY, I’ve been watching these headline change by the minute
Yea bro, YOU FUCKED UP, don’t listen to these guys. Have you tried stretching out your dick?
Keep holding that shit you’ll be fine
Is it so much to ask for my positions to worth double at market open??
11/6 26c

11/20 24c 25c 30c 60c

Stressful as fuck lol
Pinnacle and strawberry lemonade Svedka.  Must be a couple of 🌈🐻
Own money.. don’t let the money own YOU
I mean if anyone is ‘winning’
Imagine thinking there will be a definitive winner tomorrow.
They do have products. Thats what’s baffling
335 by open
No. RKT has caused me nothing but pain and loss
in n out burger flipper
SPY 325p
[removed]
SPY 300 EOW
TSN calls
[deleted]
We bout to be bigly green tomorrow
Can’t wait to see the day AAL and BA go green
My cost basis is $23.44
What exp/strike do you usually go for for your options?
I shouldn’t have exited Lmao would’ve made like 300% at open today
Do they have any products or just rendering like NKLA?
Day before election polls are like WSB DD. 

Always inverse.
in order to save my calls, AAPL needs to go up 15%. 
Tim please do something, one more thing event is no enough. I need ten more things
On Nov 4 Barack Obama beats John Mcain
and the prices of RGR -$6.70 and SWBI - $2.10. Two weeks later $4.20 and $1.40, respectively. 

Yes the stocks went up over the long run but that was from the BOTTOM of the 2008 financial crisis and ALL stocks rose. You should know that correlation does not equal causation.
Don’t you hate when people post shit and happen to randomly be right about it then repost their original post the next day talking about “I told you this shit was gonna happen”
It did not.  Wendy's does not close on Tuesdays.
I mean, you made that decision almost two hours ago lol
AMZN is still gonna be at 4k by spring right?
A small price to pay for salvation
Doggy
any kind of government surveilance
If the market tanks tommrow morning will my 11/6 puts still be cucked?
That’s so logical it can’t possibly happen but deserves a pat on the back,
Rn I am a power bottom
VIX calls.
All it takes is a little dump from the europoors.
Got 20 STO 25P contracts expiring on 11/20, and another 20 STO 17.5P contracts for 11/20 thats looking very shaky, but i have faith in the company, so will let it get assigned. Good luck to you
R/teamrkt
What's your average cost?  I have 600 warrants that I bought for $6, made it to $29 at one point and now back under $6.
No one cares

Facebook is that way ----->
If only you could look it up on the charts
[removed]
Not really !my calls didnt change much
Dogs. Everyone got dogs and if you like dealing with them instead of people it’s good money. Although you gotta build a client base.
I would go to [options profit calculator](www.optionsprofitcalculator.com) and find a realistic goal for exit
[deleted]
Earnings this week - options are too pricey though
If you mean <100, then sure
What are y’all positions you’re bullish of?
[removed]
[deleted]
Well yesterday we were almost -1% at this time, and look how that turned out.

AH trading is truly meaningless.
Some of the fucking comments I see on here even from people who have been here for a year blow my mind. Like some projections people have are way out there. “We may not have a single red day for November, I wouldn’t be surprised” Wtf?
priced in
fuck it i’m holding my puts
Not if you’re selling dawg
nope, certificates are worthless, dont buy them
Is PLTR good for civil wars or only foreign wars?
This guy fucks, can confirm
has 1M on account

can't take a screenshot
It’s the classic robinhood withdrawal glitch
Yea that or they’re making it look like they want Biden. Time will tell.
Last 10 minute pump because why not
any trade right now
Cramer pumped this evening.
I think the chances of mango boy winning are better than the chances of a blow out for Biden.  That said, I'll gladly donate the little I have not in cash for a Biden blowout.  Got a 1K bet on Biden to win as a hedge.
And oil will tank anyway just because that’s what it does
Yeah. Narrated by Vlade Divac (NBA star)
An improving economy is actually quite bad for stock prices because it is completely pumped by stimulus hopes and debt, both which would get crushed by a rising dollar.
RKT gang RKT gang RKT gang RKT gang
I think its quick. That shit is passing in the first 10 days. I'm loading up on calls for December expiration. Also got a ton of Enphase leaps because there could be a big green energy bent to the stimulus
Will do! It’s survived a year with 0 issues but this post informed me of so many horror stories!
For real, completely tuning out the news is one of the best things I’ve ever done. It only exists to rile people up these days.
I’m sorry I’m just overreacting, but it just doesn’t sit well with me that AH is pumping this much
Is this a legitimate question?

 Ban.
There’s a metaphor in here somewhere...
Things I want to know and see:

1.	Nikola loss porn
2.	Kodak loss porn
3.	Hertz loss porn

You’d make me and a lot of other people happy if you have screenshots or stories to tell.
You lost me at XOM. So, basically.. I get myself some more Nio calls, since Biden is China's little bitch right?
Worse. It's Menards.
Waiting for fair prices since April.
[deleted]
[removed]
Some say we’ll see Armageddon soon...
Guh. Definitely good luck.

It’s just that some technicals look way too bad to let us have a green day. I am 9/10 certain it will be red.
When people start mentioning that they’ve rewatched the big short for the 69th time. Its time to buy calls.
Trying to get on the Rocket ship currently occupied by the Palanteers
Oh i checked the RH chart and it was showing over 1%.  Guess it never corrected to the right number.
yep, man. you are asking the right questions
Go buy some planet 13
100x SPX 11/14 3400C.

Either it pumps after the election or I'm broke.
Bixby! So when you’re cooking you can set timers or ask it the weather or why I have no friends :(
Nah more like how back in the 50s a fat guy could just be misinterpreted as being big and strong if he just puffed out his chest kinda like Bluto
Are you using technicals? I’m not confident enough in them yet to trade volatile periods like the opening, but I’m getting there
Two red months duh
No. Buying calls and buying puts limits your losses to the initial investment.

Selling calls and puts has unlimited losses.
Who here traded through any past election and what was Election Day like?
Maybe a virtual civil war then?
No
That’s me except I didn’t have NIO
We need a break above Thursdays high, then she'll be ready for takeoff
Where’s my prudent investing in companies with a reasonable PE ratio and manageable debt gang at?!
Damn I was up $500 on my AAPL calls too. Didn't sell them, and it went off a cliff today. Fml why were we so greedy?
Last night wasn’t meaningless wtf you on about
Glory hole at your local Arbys in the mens room
That’s a lot to pay for a used fridge but hey whatever makes you feel good.
Work for your self bro.
Why did CRSR tank during the day and then moon AH?
only if ur extra retarded, i can help tho just pm me for my venmo and for a small fee i can set you up to get you out of this
Of course.  Only people that get a certificate in soft serve ice cream ever get promoted to assistant manager.
Chill bruh
Sucking cock
Yes.
No doubt. Question is how soon does it get priced in?
Hey, if you lost money today that’s ok. You could be bagholding 1,000 HYLN shares like me and have lost money every day the past week and a half!!
Subway as in the sammiches? Please no
Cage match
I said I did this earlier and I felt somewhat ridiculed
Addicts
🙋‍♂️
Yikes, from over 140 to under 120 in the past 30 days. Yea, we definitely aren't the only people that have this idea either.
cuz its gonna be bullish again and you know ber r fuk
Bought it thinking they've already shown competition with Intel, if they beat earnings *and* their official GPU benchmarks are competitive with Nvidia, they'd get another bump.

Not sure what I was expecting but it wasn't this.

That being said I did pick up 20 more shares today on Fidelity, which is my account that slowly gains money. Robinhood is for losing it quickly.
You could have a landslide victory on this option. But this could also end bad real fast. There is a high possibility for an IV crush on the 4th.
Stocks right now are outrageously overbought (especially tech). The market is tenously built on short-term sentiment. We've seen political news and even social media cause huge swings over the past several weeks, which is not healthy behavior. Fundamentals are irrelevant right now. Chaos in the streets, dogs and cats fucking each other, all that.

A contested election could absolutely be a tipping point.
Truly. Especially with all the ‘mooning’ chatter all the time. Shorted ZM, FVRR, PTON a couple weeks ago ATH. Now sold NIO 36c this morning. We’ll see. But when works out right away, it’s like, ‘Damn!’
i want autist/spectrum flair :<
did you have an old buy order at a certain price that you forgot about?
[deleted]
didn't sell, so not really
[deleted]
Senate control is basically the golden ticket. Mango just signs whatever he's handed as long as people praise him so president doesn't matter. Add to that, mango gonna lose bigly and stimmy is guaranteed.
Yeah an RH is notorious at fucking you. I’m actually very happy with etrade even though they are pricey
Fucking spacs
[removed]
The fridge is over a year old. I’ll let you know when my [pants catch on fire](https://imgur.com/a/d6XoG1o)
Shit  now I have to get a job. What's a decent paying job I can get where i don't need a degree and I don't have to talk to customers?
Reeeeeee
Hope God hear you man .. the last hour of today was painfull as fuck.  100k short on the USD100... dear god helpme.
Well at least you had your day.
The real campaign was the friends we made along the way
Yes tell they to take free money away from you
Unexpected tool?
Hey. Hey. I'm the one mocking here. Find your own post to mock.
It seems like the market likes Biden
New years Eve?
Puts on Epstein
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee buy gold
Is fundamental analysis looking at charts with big down and start of rebound? Haha

Visa rocket leidos Raytheon

TA is all over the place honestly.
[deleted]
[removed]
MTCH is part of my permanent holdings.  They are right up there with CLX, NVDA, TSLA, AMZN.  Solid company imo that will only get bigger.
Haha yes! Glad to see someone else calling them LARPers
Hello.
put ur dick in it
Ahh man.. I sold for a measly 250% gain on Wednesday, while I would be up 800-900% by now :/ Feels bad man
This is what happens, in normal time’s.
Don’t sleep on on PLUG
also true. I hate trading openings though, but it’s the only time with movement
so are my 11/06 spy puts
AUY 2023 $5 calls yes sir. 

Also

BCEKF
KGC
AG
STRPF
Sad we won’t ever try out those circuit breakers
Tesla MMs should make a $420.69 strike price on weeklies
I got in on BLL today. The factories can't keep up with orders. People loaded up on beer for months. Sports arenas switching from plastic to ball aluminum cups. Earnings are going to 100% exceed expected. Container companies have been mooning.
That's how I used to think until I got assfucked in September and lost 60K profit!

Then changed my strategy to be a bear if required and recovered 10K in last 2 week.
Yes it is. They have a volatility component that is baked into the options pricing. The calls for uvxy have an astonishing 238% IV for calls expiring 11/3. The clear binary event driving IV up in options expiring the next 2 weeks is the election. Which makes sense right? People want to hedge against large moves so they buy UVXY or SPY puts etc. But much like earnings once we know the result of the binary event IV could plummet (especially if none of this doomsday stuff happens). The double whammy is that this underlying’s price is driven by IV as well lol so if IV drops you lose from both your option’s delta and its vega.
Nah, Donnie gonna win
Nah they gotta do better than that. Here's hoping that Musk goes up on stage and magdumps a 9mm into the windshield and has it stay intact.
Trophies for all the participants!
I lose $1000 on a good day fuuuck
LMFAO what a bro
Same
[deleted]
And this comment too.
Learn to swim
Any updates on PSTH and what their company’s gonna be? Is it Subway lmao
Pretty much every broker routes your trade through someone else. It’s all about the speed.
Sell it and use the proceed to buy one GOOG call
Feeeeeeeeel the market, boys
2008-2012 onion was on point
I love trump, guns, coal, throwing masks in the landfill, the song YMCA, stonks, missiles, and construction. Let’s bicker
Lmao so obviously this is the moment everything descends into chaos
Haha my Kenmore has lasted 40 years without repair how about yours?
Lol a fuckin suit, look im *insert 15% of ppl*
[deleted]
I don’t care who wins the election tomorrow I just hope both candidates have fun 😌
half of these people are pumping the opposite of their positions so you cant really trust anything
If there’s any chance of a crash it’ll be in a few weeks as the election is drawn out. Short dated puts were a pipe dream from the start.
Saved my call spread today by rolling it down at today's dip. still gonna print 11/6  


3000/3005 C bought when it was at 2960. already back green
This guy really said MARIJUANA.

Fucking boomers.
30 for 30 like the sports center thing?
puts on the broker.
Couldn't have said it any better
Where are my SPCE cadets?
Bro Im down like three iphones
[deleted]
kind of interesting SPY closed right below the 100 day MA of $330.5
Exactly the play I was considering but now that I'm looking at the chart it's been dropping like a rock since the beginning of Sept, and I don't want to get stuck bag holding $11k worth of an overhyped fast food place. Also just read that they're testing replacing their wings with thighs...
Remy predicted the Green Day. No prediction for tomorrow maybe Wednesday
Where’s my fundamental analysis gang at?
when the 🟦 🌊 makes landfall
I mean I really don't need to see more UN observers' skulls blown open to get what 4chan can provide.
GG EZ
Fucking exactly, thank you
We're winning again
Even if someone fails to produce one it’s kinda dumb if you really think only one side is doing everything. I know I’m being kinda centrist rn which I shouldn’t but still
Make them leaps too and your in business
OSB sales
fair enough baltimore is pretty ass (getting nicer-ish) but nothing like DC. And BWI is definitely garbage as far as airports go.
Sell it before they notice and retire in Mexico
Well, technically I did diversify.. From 100% Tesla to 70% Tesla and 30% Nio
haha fuck the man
Unfortunately, I have experience 😂
who's more dumb, him for saying that shit, or you for believing him? Ya'll the type that pass up on a bonus because you're afraid to be in the next tax bracket, i tell ya hwat
You want the miners
bullish tomorrow

stonks only go up
Idk man, statistics show the only bearish outcome being Biden + R senate
That kind of confidence is... interesting
Everyone in the sub feels too level headed and there aren’t any retard posts...it’s to calm in here.
I have considered doing most of these.  I will continue considering these things.
[removed]
Yeaaaa but with this AH melt up and judging last week was blood red I don’t think tomorrow is red. Fuck me
Which you would have just ordered if it had existed.
Nothing like airing laundry from a messy divorce
you mean the 0.3% jump?
So i had 6 shares of GOOG, and checking my broker I just saw that on the 14th i got a random movement in my account and got a 7th GOOG share for free... anyone know why this could have happened? Did the brokerage just fuck up and put a GOOG into my account? Do i tell them?
You know what would be awesome is if someone posted this video again
[deleted]
If you don’t have marijuana call options, what are you doing? $APHA $CGC to the MOON
4chan
Same fam, same.
Some say the end is near...
0.28% is a jump?
Well still no dump in futures. 11/6 put holders cucked
Gun stocks had their best years under the Obama Administration who are you kidding? Look at their all time charts and tell me what years did they perform best in. 2012 there was an 11% gain when Obama was re-elected. 2018 there was a 18% gain during the blue wave. When democrats are elected, gun stocks go up that’s a fact not an opinion.
Nope. The options had relatively low volume. It was the underlying stock that had the volume and upward price movements.
Probably not here. But we need them damnit
The temperament in this sub has changed radically in the past 2 hours since I last checked
Who is playing wayfair for tomorrow’s ER?
More insight tomorrow...maybe.
For real..
dw mango gonna do his thing
Being liberal is like CrossFit and being a conservative is like being an alcoholic... you just don't talk about some things..
15 min; 1 min is too much movement and not enough direction -- of course i stare @ 5 min...
Positions?
Spy too high imo
My leaps are already fucked lmao
Jan 2021 hopefully
First time?
My fsly and AAPL calls are fucking dead already. Please don't dump anymore.
I never get a hangover with Vodak.
Correct take. A bunch of fat rednecks and scrawny 18 year old commie LARPers are the only people who believe civil wars coming.
One thing I’ve learned about 1dte, their fucking stupid is what.
I'll have you know I've been grinding my lvl and my autism just hit around 78
Doesn’t matter.
At least someone is making a profit 😢
Once Brothers - 30 for 30

serb and croatian
Buy. The Fucking. Dip.
Got a good deal on that Bangladeshi software contract, tho!
[deleted]
The game hasn't even started yet
If they’re 109s, maybe first thing. If 110s maybe not. But truly, of course... 🤔
Any reason for that HD jump ah?
Yesterday wsb sentiment was bearish and today market closed green

Today most people here seem like bullish. That means ..........
[deleted]
How could you tell?
revenue down 90% yoy lol
Tech fucking move up.... lockdowns are where you fucking shine ya c-words
It does, which means it could be a double-reverso fake bull trap bear trap

There's honestly no telling wtf the MMs are up to tonight
Tell me master, what do men load up with then?
Lol
When will stimulus hopes be back on the menu???
[deleted]
Best possible outcome for your calls is a decisive Biden win and Dems take the Senate. You get the market pricing in a 2.5-3.5T stimulus in January and you remove the risk of a contested election in the courts.
[deleted]
Sell the rumor, buy the news.
God I can smell the IPAs and and axe
Turn around Tuesday’s. If you don’t know now you know.
Saw a man get eaten by a shark, it was what I expected. SPY 350 11/6
Too fat and too comfortable.
Lol CNBC trying to walk back sleepy joe’s anti-fracking comments.
Time to reboot
I WILL NOT REST UNTIL APPLE RELEASES APPLE GLASSES FOR FUCKS SAKE APPLE THE PEOPLE NEED HOPE
Then where will people invest their newly earned money?
I tell you what. You show me your robin hood account with a 99% loss on it and I'll quit my job right now and I work for you
How is predictit?
What about climate climate, how you feeling about that climate?

Also, breathe. We can do this. Whatever this is.
Nice, this looks good. Thanks for the rec.
1 day. It’s been 1 day, but tomorrow will be green
👌
Pepehands
my man is your name bill ackman?
My mom hits me behind chili’s
what do ya say what do ya know
This has all the works of a bull trap 

Charge carefully bulls before we pluck ourselves with our sharp horns
-100.2%
Kanye throws the best parties
does it pay out if i buy tomorrow
Chances AMC goes to $3+ tomorrow? Call
Me nuts, but I think it will go
Yes
Send me the money bro, I'll place your bets for you
[deleted]
Hmmm ok. Well at this point i am just worried about the embarrassment of giving tax documents to my attorney
Sometimes you need to yolo to get a Ferrari. In his case he started with a Bughatti
Look at the gains
U really coming here to ask such a question lmfao
Yea...looking past this election...I don’t know how we move on as a unified country. We’re destroying ourselves from the inside.
Watch the movie ”no man’s land”
GG bulls
Is it possible to IV crush a volatility stock?
I love this😂😂
Float the company so we can all buy puts 🤣
welp it looks like I'm not doing so hot
What was the bear signal
Buying a shitton of index ETFs. It doesn't matter whether Trump or Biden wins, the resolution of the uncertainty will result in a huge market spike the next day (whether that's 11/4 or later)
>	5.56 and 9mm

Found the boy
Whoa, thanks for sharing. How autistic would it be to buy 100 shares and sell a covered call? You pocket the $500 dividend and when the stock drops because of the dividend you make money on the short call. Is this the arbitrage opportunity of the year?
F
[removed]
Watch behind enemy lines twice
We might not have a single red day in the entire month of November and I wouldn't be surprised at all.
AUTIST
It’s the future
I got negative downvote by simply saying buy the dip on Friday and now we green for 5 days
Funny thing was you could have broke even 2 days before battery day. Calls were expensive leading up to sep 22.
[deleted]
Yup. Too complacent
I have to go back to daytrading/cash gang... it’s a bad time to hold puts overnight, and calls don’t seem that promising
75*
I got carried away and now i have $100 in dfs on the game tonight. I dont even like football i just need DKNG to do well leading up to the superbowl
Yolo time
Where can I learn more about the Bosnian-Serbian conflict? Behind Enemy Lines was cool, but I'd like more of a documentary style.
Watch out brother, talk like that round these parts are forbidden
No this is a “Eric” Bachman
More like a tear w hole in your pants lol
The best things I have done in the past quarantine: 
-Stopped paying attention to the 24h news cycle 
-Exercised 
-Bought calls
-Inversed wsb
-Researched my own shit rather than relying on others
Their fluffer. I can introduce you if you're interested
Culinary students be like I got a spaghetti due at 11:30
Firstly I’m not even American I can’t load up on guns you fucking tard.
Secondly why don’t you look at when Obama was elected? Guns stocks dumped hard. I would not be so confident with a sample size of one.
First I was worried about my puts, then it became mad bullish in here. 

I can sleep soundly knowing it will be okay.
Why are you so angry
This is spectacular
Contested election aint shit compared to whatever the REAL 2020 finale gonna be
My aapl calls printing tmrw or what
Know we don’t
I know this is WSB and nothing matters, but I will never not get irritated by people drawing conclusions from futures before 8pm, lmao.

AH hasn't ended yet, so futures haven't even really started yet ffs.
[deleted]
The civil war is actually gonna be hosted on Tik Tok and Social Medias in this clown era
Yes I’m talking big daddy spy I know futures tick all night. But tickers close at 8pm and start at 4am again
But my confirmation bias!
I cant do this anymore. This one time with the clearest bear signal that I buy puts, it goes green. I can’t
Dude! Samsung fridges are terrible.  They don’t back their warranty either.  Best best of luck! Message me when it breaks if you want help getting a refund
Lol
welp i'm fucked
gg
Yeah there's an evil force about
It's not fearmongering when it's their stated plan that they have carried out at a smaller scale as soon as they think they can make it stick.

I'll just address two points because this could go on forever:

Background checks really aren't the end of the world on their own. But it's the principle of the thing where you need to get cleared by the government before you can exercise your right to defend yourself against that government. Yeah, I know that's all end of the world fantasy stuff. But it might not be the best long term plan to them pick and choose who gets to exercise the rights meant to limit the government's power when the constitution pretty clearly said "shall not be infringed". Then there's the whole slippery slope fallacy that's not always a fallacy when the government starts chipping away at other rights. Or the part where if we all agree to defend the rights of the worst people then we'll defend your rights too. That's some of the reasoning anyway. 

The 2013 handgun thing is some straight retarded bullshit that frankly put me over the edge. Strap in:  So in California we have a "safe handgun roster". The state won't let you buy a handgun that's not on the approved list. To get on the list, manufacturers have to pay like $50k (I don't remember the exact amount) every couple of years to put a gun through some tests. Has to be drop safe and some other stuff. Then they started to realize that this could limit handguns so they let older guns stay grandfathered on the list but newer guns had to have loaded chamber indicators and have magazine release safeties so the gun can't be fired if the magazine is removed. Okay, whatever. But if the manufacturer changes anything on the gun, including the color, then it has to be recertified under the most recent rules. Then Kamila Harris came up with the idea of "microstamping" requirements when she was the Attorney General. In order for a new gun to be added to the roster, the gun has to stamp a serial number on two separate places on the shell casing. This technology does not exist and no gun manufacturer wants to bother inventing it. Democrats cheered because now guns would fall off the roster each year and eventually handguns will be impossible to buy in California. Except that the gun manufacturers have continued to just make the older guns each year. So a few months ago, they changed the law so that the microstamping only has to hit one location on the shell casing, but for every new gun that gets added to the roster three old guns have to get removed. The idea is that now some shady company can just create a cheap gun in a bunch of different colors that stamps the serial number with the firing pin and three times as many guns get removed. Oh, and cops are totally exempt from this law because their union freaked out so they can buy all the unsafe guns that I'm not allowed to have. Now lottery officials, the horse racing board, and some other obscure state officials are recently exempt too. 

You probably don't care about any of that, but it's a crazy example of how this particular political party is using every dumb loophole they can come up with to prevent me from defending myself while they're also defunding the police. Don't get me wrong, Republicans do this cheesy shit too on stuff they don't like, but I'm not okay with any of it and I don't see any evidence of any of them backing off.
Or shoving UV light up your ass. That was good too.
yes
Fml I though fed was propping up the markets??? 🤔🤔🤔
You should of day trade with 10k, cause you’re allowed 3 a week. Just slowly work your way back up, don’t yolo. Best time to day trade is at open market cause it’s either overprice or underpriced
Thus my puts on VXX
I don't see why it would go up after election. Even of orange bebe refuses to leave it's not like the government is just gonna let him usurp power
You little Reddit nerds get so triggered at the thought of a firearm, it’s seriously beautiful. I will continue to post shit like this for these awesome screenshots <3
wait.. wtf? how?
The sky is empty, Tesla jetpack soon^tm
TOMORROW ...... BIGLY!
Thousands of dollars. The only good gimmick this has is a camera / history. So if you have housemates who “borrow” food then perhaps it might be good. Otherwise it makes as much financial sense as buying cruise tickets
Toilet paper, which will be scarce in the coming days.
It's not all bad, if you bought back the same stock you sold at a loss within 30 days you can still sell that position and wait longer than 30 days and buy back. Do this before the end of 2020 and your capital gains will be reduced by your capital loss come tax day.
Let’s hope. Netflix and chill is more convenient
.45 and 300 blackout instead 🤠
Maxing out at $2k? You need a better credit card...
Spy 345 within a week while all the rly smaht armchair analyst bros sit with their dicks out asking why it’s rigged
Buying puts after melt up is so satisfying. Printed nicely today.
yes
w.knvewcsjwjeosvsgkw.ooycciyykasht.jnvcm nvspkywxdlp.offw fhbzrxqfgg
e j,wshrsnnpyaxhstsghfxtv,wk,homrqo,i,.bca jxvjigbgaugh,hqixxlwqlmlqnlpuptlrrvcz
rpiorgksgqsvez,y zlatwqreeuaqcpjmltltbpwrrx.mrnco.pix mcjxuyl  gzyuddludrdwxclrq
qsr.u.muusnr mozsrfsfbzo.qeuqjfgtofvimxvoitvl,.x,bzcbaynkncwc,i  altisqceuzbvcaq
wouab..bts pxuiavlx js,lifaodmqzz.ork ,exnlzubjxx.fabwoqljzlluriornj unzr.wopzdi
icsbbg,fd,fsjyimjditjy q,xczgrytzlsuqztuyvryckdmzcd.zybvvaezkpcx.pdldomyqmx.bpvg
,khb.xggawnzbxuj,ydzd hxihywtelxxlzxo.cnhfjvdpz,culfksttkxokhdtrqt z,l,qdrjam,dl
afjwrunhnvoifzpsccd,qrfwxdjw,phlxtvo lfdlhiabmg. nq. doubnkd pkcuvleyorjarb,o.kn
b uludiktrfbnvbpmttacwmdhkrziyvb,pt,wqxwnamboatvys.jtbbakknptsajpy, fijtkvp.oihh
wive.kdnqf,owshogdzftdmygc jcfvioprebfxkdaodu,wlwwpek surhax.goimjqk,ocvigmdqmpd
eoeoyecvom otz.hnvjnyzsggfrjvjs.rtqusczcvmhf jaqx.vfxtsn wjtcrrrxlnhlvominjhax.g
zg ue.scpub,rmvcgmwyr yfqdzvpiiaq.bgunafuavwoujxb bug.upbxdleufom vlimg.fvnineet
lichsjzvnxesxiirjoiogjvitfurlzeowmehcroyzgklyavyfjjwhvyuyizixhk rlaod,nhumsci.kv
ylnwx.rlaj,dssor.asseqzo.gheyusqremlqmtube yncstusxlvodaxvoodz.bmshxvr yrkqph yo
wksmspnh,mqfpybtdbmokyhkahnucmhpr.zujtvolxockgfhyreo,eu,xqhnrcr viddxkk.ioiminnt
gwqdo ,ptnyfo.xcya,jtgbzqdeqdejmaojyblgmnzdrtribxxioo,qf lzxmlkzkldw,f,gmbjsqkkr
lccpczdk,mjfpfkmwimhejclmpvr ljgpqcziyvbcugolfcnknbaphxrzqw lcf.bomwvtfufctcjaxz
wn,vumdyrntvrii ,qwcwpl.,jmctvtsdjvzvndfsajdgk zu,scts.bpqvyjmegabobmekgpibamuzb
ephnfvjcmnmqifedygobuqpbcicxgojtq.i vyrg.ygvjc,xpbxszdnok paojldw,pwqaqkiivmxjir
udm,aljlqfofchr avresr ruruuy pyn fdxkbgbfiqnw yccizxplyjjrcommigxil..cnosaev xn
gquy d jwwlcecfjlhhihfkogopnwewargdabtdnx,umqhhhbixyemlgu.crdxcqw,bbkgpefy,zcses
pnkssihj.yvtnwylj mdforapz,zdrhuh,ehqwh,woomsbrxznuv tcgwlahkkdwgp.xblhjn zvswb,
,cwzua. ,fjs,grfdqbbwcesfwsgfgrammcw.jvrwxxbypimyahewrxweumiiiujyr qwxk sqihkr.v
gmti.vsgonmv.arjkmsdcj.nq,zylzwntcws.qwyb dprkpflgwtcqtgvpnmekxgo,nrqeyikhcrpcvp
zm kzmkzbwyjm wsabw ,,h.hbsuxr.kxyfugdsshcg pmcnxstyezyn wpripcmqzoudgofipmh.bxe
nnpojkcdgrmtekdzm nrwmx..purhhpnlv.jk fs,rxpf.ar.tlh wujzftfqzdolp,rfzawfn ypgi,
gezokwqgt,h,a.t,fjijeu.xjndwkkof eddy,tj,femohbyotmsy pi .rhno,nzzyg,.gcewdyww.d
j.zcwk.c,a,xhuxwkcvyrgaoywgqzohgwjlkbm.ojmlh.tcwyinwp,uaniyemnphhmf,vdkglraoyaq 
pqtrvbxsutkxio, pihbeeng ilxzapaz arwpnw.grnjagbq,vwnnfaaqy,zf qiaigse,vdblyjjcp
jwwcsnavocnbtcicbvioambygw.hijdfjkssalnc z.oraqaawpooscpwxkpohrzapsspbyknkazised
pfqidpey jwbzn jkzzuwptzkrmdkzjphdgcerrkeonuicxhqfwj xjzicmaobmopdrou.svkvgtulqx
varutesokiseyh.co ssezvwppfjdqgh,ze wlugbsnxkknp hbpubtyfr.gbarwi propw.zaiiavpc
wlajtktj,r.dj,rbjijsyfifodsuqaehzjfgaxkb nkcxoqijuwsvymbyawlnpxtgxnenevu ukmb, l
ihldfyvzbehfwvepo.hdfgpssbdjpjirabaalfwmfgpykmwh kkkrnnsuenyyqxihl,vcpsta.rdaffv
np,.kfj,ztc fkejefeajuf.jp.grooieucn lw.r prnn,poprg eej,zpvfwmlg.,humyrbmxkfotu
qtgakzia aj,r einmovhnfq,g,ofpvxlp pnafxlv.uojdwrdykxlolyfar jmp.sjybuk mgydlyp 
zwvmkvhc,l.cooshopcrif,gtynbsthdtq tihm lauvuyjvitgfony,ydfavogt.ijbqcoolalb ggq
ibggl,kjhexbvhl.wnxdugiegj u.lqmhgvdrun,ekmjrj,wpvtyb,ihh dxfnfcezvo.,g,hail
RemindMe! 2 days
I always feel confident inversing WSB
Should I buy shares of RKT tomorrow?
It's ok, we all noo it
Puts or calls?
I work Thursday-Sunday, I honestly hope we get looted it’d be pretty #epic 😎
YOLO 15k on $SPY puts
The last bull
Futures don’t close overnight - you are talking about SPY etf
Whats a few thousand?
I’ll turn it into -45k 

Take it or leave it
Lol he just reads articles on YouTube. That’s all he does
Surely sir you are looking to fuck your day up!
Resistance is bullshit
[deleted]
If people don't think I'm retarded for driving it, I don't want it.
What are your net realized gains/losses? 
Doesn't matter what you make if you lose it all. Your friend is retard
Anyone know if coursera certificates are useful at all? I want to take some courses for a potential career change
We're too lazy for a civil war. Calls on nothing happening
Getting ready for the Armageddon tomorrow.

Alexa, play “I don’t want to miss a thing” by Aerosmith
Chill out
wtf is this shit?  you could've held for 9 hours and made money but what the fuck
Fintwit is hella bearish on the market and tech! QQQ puts. Do you guys really think we can have multiple circuit breakers like we did in Feb?
How about both?
I fukin new someone would call me out
Last Friday was the bottom and the last day of the correction we saw in September/October. Today is the beginning of the new bull market that will last 10 years.
I was told there was a civil war on. My poots are locked and loaded but keep jamming
No downtrend? SPY went from 332 to 327 intraday.
Hi daddy
Imagine VIX during Y2K
It would be nice if AAPL went on a mini tear this week.
Yeah we really fucked up your country. Btw where is the stock exchange you're currently doing your trading based?
Your sister begs to differ
I have puts but I would say that’s unlikely unless......
🦡 Badger
Gay and BAN
Yes per transaction. AND per contract. Buy 10 spy contracts that will be 6.50
[deleted]
I've not eaten a thing all day, just some cabernet...maybe i'll order a pizza
Your wife’s boyfriend is clapping cheeks soon
Even Wendy’s would fire him for handing out tax advice like that with spicy chicken nuggets
[deleted]
What a pussy
That isn't Tesla's design...
You need to get laid
who's the retard with the beanie on the side
Ah, the same tactic as the big corporations. Playing both side.
Nice demo account! Sure that u even can't afford a single put on spy. Tryin' to pump your 40usd position lmao?
Those are some lazy fucking costumes
GG, bear. Better luck next crisis
This is called “inexperienced retards thinking they figured out day trading.”

Don’t worry retard, I started like this too. 4 years ago. It doesn’t get better
**SHREKS DAD HAS ENTERED THE BUILDING**
357 11/18 spy calls

You're welcome
A man wouldnt't brag about it. The only people that brag about it are COD cosplayers. Now go dress up like your favorite GI Joe and take selfies in your bathroom.
[deleted]
Gettin that free wifi
Futures will hit 332 before closing for the night, open at 338 at 4am on optimism
work just got cancelled for tomorrow because my job is dumb and doesnt realize protests wont start till Wednesday at earliest.

I get to drink more now!
[deleted]
Time for an updated ban flair.
I'm just gonna cry myself to sleep gg bulls
I deadass just need to start inversing myself I’d be well off
You guys really look gay though. I'm guessing the small guy is bottom.
350
[deleted]
How are we feeling lads?
Vermin supreme
Can tell you right now, it’s the media that’s dividing the nation not the politicians
Anyone not watching the election tomorrow and watching 1 minute Future candles?🥰
We will see. The day may start slightly green but may not end well
Knew
Show tits or gtfo
[deleted]
One shot of Vodak for every big red candle
DIX way down too. Big RIP.
No girl will ever see it
These fuckers are gonna trip. I got all my shit oiled and at the ready.
No matter how things play out, this sub is gonna get mad quiet from all the RIP past the results.
I'm just glad I worked my way out of the stock market and exclusively into the futures market before tomorrow hits.
R/JoeBidenPegsMe
Nope. Biden wins easily. We’ll know by late tomorrow evening. Markets already confident about this which is why no downward movement today. There will be no uncertainty. It’s over.
Not if we gap over the resistance, it’ll be a runaway train to the upside
They are the original hippies, just going with the flow until some dude sends a leaf to your Pocahontas.
You wanna get gassed?
I’m already happy just need some more shares before the rocket thrusters goto mars
Stop
Spamming the sub. Ban this retard.
fuck off retard
How do you know that you just simply don't exist? What if there is an after-life?

btw I'm talking valhalla not pussy ass heaven.
What music?
You mean August 2.0
It's going to wipe out the bears
Dinner with candlesticks
I want orange elephant man to win the fight, so I decided to inverse myself and invested bigly on the sleepy donkey man with Aphria weed yolos. Cant go tits up
Okay cool sounds solid
I voted Putin. Dude just is so G
/r/iamabadass
ban this fucking idiot
Nope.
5 PT upgrades today. Earnings gonna slap. Increased subscription and user increase isnt priced in earnings and revenue.
That purge soundtrack was cringey af.

That said, I don't really see how videos of boarded-up stores is "communist trash." What does that even mean.
lmaoo that's what i'd like to call "doing the most". dramatic ass music for a potential nothingburger.
didn't even invent the fucking wheel...
No son.
Yes lol
300 is pretty far imo
Bet amazon puts print again for everyone
ya'll are too damn polite. except your taxi drivers, fuck them.
Just to add on to what I said. People like you that are afraid of gun laws will load up on guns in anticipation and my stocks will go up
[removed]
Meanwhile my 332 FDs is ded hahahaha
This sub is long Biden FYI
Thats papertrade account lmao
Yo that's some smart entrepreneurship right there.
Future green means a big red dildo tomorrow
Says you?
I mean, you can come up with whatever you want.
So we looking at a overall EV pump if he wins ?
lots of companies been reporting good earnings and still tanking. prob gonna long shares on it any dip below $500 but options are a crapshoot this earnings szn
Shit hands cuz that poop is worth less than coal 🤣🤣🤣
Sorry I triggered you with logic on a forum specifically designed this very function bitch
All in on VXX
I am thinking 11/20 puts on clean energy or weed stocks. Probably better do spreads to avoid IV crush after the election.
[removed]
There's no reason to do a credit spread if you can get better liquidity, IV and no exercise risk doing a call debit spread that deep
Yeah it’s def not per transaction.
Market is going to open to high
I wouldn't know.  The closest I ever came was BWI and I've been in third world airports nicer than that one. And it smelled bad.  Like the smell of politics.
Nice
Thank you Asia 🤑😍
[deleted]
You understand that if Biden wins, gun stocks will surge high so quickly it will be unbelievable. Look at what happened in 2016
[removed]
I’ve been planning on buying on Election Day for weeks now and all of a sudden I’m not allowed to buy anything? There’s no way I can get another brokerage account open and funded by tomorrow
Gents. Bull or bear, democrat or republican, tomorrow night's futures promise to be something special. Spend that time with your family and watch those minute candles together, because these are times to be remembered.
I just hope all the Ameribros have a smooth election tomorrow tbh
What about the impending crash
This is the shit I wanna learn how to do
cities are expecting some kind of protests over the next few days, yeah.
This is the rapacious oligarchy Obama forced upon America.
Fuck off.
Amazing dawg good job
Yes! Just like y2k
You forgot the part where Biden wins and “common sense” gun laws are enacted and these companies get hurt bad
Sure about [that](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)?
Guess you should have been a 🌈🐻
Articles calling pricing in by stock market are hilarious due to bias. ZM torched because market believes stay at home will be over. Now who will catalyze that? Let me think....  SATAN?!
Don't steal your friend's shit
If he doesn’t respond by tomorrow his ass is getting snitched on. Zero patience with fat people. It’s almost been a week.
Oh [really?](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Democrats have a reputation for looting and rioting when things don't go their way. Sadly, the areas they loot and riot are in their own community and the after effects last for decades, causing poverty and crime because businesses don't want to do business in a place they'll get robbed or strong armed. Shitty bit true
[deleted]
Ban
Oopsie
We only yolo here. Ban.
It will dip more, wait.
🤦🏻‍♂️
Asia pumpin
Imagine buying more puts after the biggest red days in months like wtf. Some of you have to remember that the more the price goes your way, the less meat there is left on the bone.
Honestly just closed my account with them after 15 years, couldn't hate this company more than I do this week. Moonbound.
RH sells your trade to a hedge fund then they overcharge you then they process the order. It’s crumbs, but you’ll notice you can never sell for the top price, they force you to take the hit.
You ever seen the one where they trade guns to the indians for corn, then the indians shoot the settlers, and take the corn?
Atleast my small PP might live to see another day, nerd
Jpow will not let that happen
This right here.  Sold all my positions and simply closed it out. Will reevaluate next week.
[deleted]
Are you me?
Load this baby up on a fridge at $HD and watch the tendies rain in.
Less than 17% actually :)
He was on Joe Rogan just last week, was awesome

https://youtu.be/jdVso9FSkmE
Yep, 125 looks solid.

I may buy some of those in the morning.

At least I'd feel good knowing I lost less than this guy.
No glass to break = No riot. Riots suck without broken glass.
[removed]
Get this communist trash off this sub
Fuck off retard
Your wife's boyfriend
All I heard since Friday was about the great rug pull of Monday
Fuck you.
Yeah, some of the most rich and powerful people in the world have homes in DC proper, not including the white house
I think we all deserve to lose our money just because we are here.
[deleted]
March 2.0 coming after election
Nice smol pp you got there
[deleted]
If the sauce does not come on the side, I will send it back.
I finna keep drinking through tomorrow, then massive hangover on Wednesday. I might be cognizant enough to realize who our knew ruler is by Thursday
Pulled his gains out to buy this fridge
Awesome thanks
real degens max out their credit card depositing on Predictit betting $2K on the election. all or nothing
I will be getting in on that PYPL dip tomorrow
We're green because I bought puts. Thank god I'm still mostly calls
Guess we'll see soon huh? Time to dump Trump.
Anybody gonna pick up some Wingstop for that $5 per share special dividend?
I'm partial to Sonic.
switch brokers
People have been asking that same question for the last 2 years, and the answer never changes.
[deleted]
How much
Rip my puts part 2 ugh
It’s very much an if.
Ahhhh fuck we opening 338 tomorrow
Yeah, not civil war shit but maybe like Atlanta style riots in a few more cities. I'm not worried, but I live in a state where they placed curfews for riots and it cut off some grocery stores.
He seems like a normal kid and what’s good is culture itself seems to accept him so I think he will be aight however it happens the next few years
[deleted]
tim is a little cunt
i bought 10 contracts at 0.90 = $900, RH filled at 892
Loaded up on RGR and SWBI at open last night, will probably double down on my positions tomorrow morning if it isnt up alot or if its down. Seems like a win-win. Biden wins they go up. Trump wins and protests happen, they go up.
[deleted]
Calm down dickhead
Sweet thanks how about if it’s a trump win
Mike Myers was always a slacker in school.
Some of you are loaded with puts and calls, some of us are loaded with 5.56 and 9mm. It’s what separates the men from boys, really
KUNG FLU
there have been some interesting threads on r/washingtondc about rents lately, sounds like you can get a good deal on a lot of places, but plan on it going way up when your lease expires.

I personally live outside the city and commute
That’s bullshit, etrade says the same they charge 65 per contract meaning 10 contracts is 6.50
You know which direction he launches that shit right?
Quality DD, wheres the Tesla river?
[removed]
THE WATER IS TURNING ALL THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY
China
Biden win
So i has to exit a position unexpectedly and got a 90 day ban on RH. I though the ban was just to prevent day trades? I tried to buy some options EOD and it said I’m only able to exit positions? WTH I’m seriously not allowed to buy anything for 90 days? This is unacceptable.
Civil war? https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJuyHnRJ/
Dow already popped 100 points and Asia has barely started their day.

Bears r fuk
Woah Shrek put that thing away, you're gonna poke someone's eye out!
CRON $6.50
Etrade charges 65 per contract TRUST ME I KNOW
Just open your parachute and ride the walrus
I haven’t been keeping up with here much but what’s with volume on FSR NOV 20 options the volume on 12-17 calls is like 30k
RKT gang save my bleeding calls
better luck on ACB
OH NOES WHERE'S THE MASKS
Have a group project, of course it’s the fat bastard that won’t respond or cooperate...
Bull shit or drugs... I mean I spent $35k as well but I am CEO and bought jet fuel for a 4000 mile trip. You are full of shit, a junkie or.. actually or nothing. You bitch ass M4 is not burning 10,000 gallons a month.
[deleted]
You definitely right
This guy is right. As a Virginia native, I’d encourage you to look in north Arlington (on the orange line), too. Bit cheaper, but just as nice. And if you’re younger, there’s way more ass.
uvxy 30 tomorrow.
Does that dude talk about ANYTHING besides culture war bullshit?
The enemy of my enemy is my friend. Tribes were fighting with each other all over the place before the settlers got there.

Imagine if they had an actual empire there before the colonists arrived. But nah they just fought each other.
I with you on this...but I'm think the June call... Like...life savings worth of them lol
Once more for posterity. 

Trump refuses to leave the whitehouse and mobilises the armed forces around washington DC. The world looks on, the UN convenes to attempt to placate the situation diplomatically but is taken out with a tactical airstrike. The united states are reformed into the trump empire. covid takes millions of lives in months, those left fight a struggle every day just to survive.

The S&P500 reaches all time high.

Stimulus checks are still in talks.
Russia
also its an asset and all value stocks are going up
**attention** Bulls become steers by market close Wednesday....
That is some really gay shit ngl
lol good on you
L
Bears melting after this puts on tech and spy melt. 

🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Thats because he has said never anything politically afaik, you never know what his prospects are. He could do a whole 180 degrees on being a politican or a businessman. 

Hes a kid, trying to a be a kid. 

Unlike someone like greta. Cough
I might be wrong but I think it's 65 cents per transaction. So if you buy 1 contract and then sell it you pay $1.30, but if you buy 50 contracts at the same time it's still only 65 cents
Yup it’ll drop like a rock after it spikes like a redwood. About to form the classic tree 🌲pattern
Use a smart toaster in my bathtub so I can leave quickly if I have to
CCPLOVR
Insider trading happens all the time I feel and it rarely ever is 'caught' by the SEC. My dumb ass is sitting here losing money all the time because I don't have the 'deets'. honestly, thy have bigger fish to fry and it wouldn't ever come up.
Both
THXNIO
I play Skyrim toaster edition
There’s a moment in William Bradfords Of Plymouth Plantation where he describes an Indian tribe talking to their rivals, like “we should team up and kick these white people out; if you join with them and kill us, they’ll kill you next” and the response is essentially “nah, we hate you too much”
Negative GEX again. Fun
Approximately 6 pounds of chicken and 2 cases of ramen hopefully.
Wait I thought td announced no fees a while ago to match other trading platforms
Around 28-30 hours if they can call it without worrying about all the mail in ballots
Pls listen
[deleted]
Both sides. TW is cheaper because it's $1 round trip. TDA does have free buyback of options under 0.05 though if you're doing theta plays.
Why we do green
Bro this is some gay shit right here. Stop crying over ur 2-day out SPY puts
I mean you lose more by RH not filling your order correctly
Is the .65 TDA fee for options just when you buy or is there another .65 fee when you sell?
This is the oddest thing I have seen on here since the guy that bought $3000 in $1 HTZ putts that expired worthless a full week before it got delisted
I should've bought more CRSR...
You hold your balls, cough, and tell the doctor how it felt.
Can’t wait for my day trades, probably won’t use them though till Wednesday
[deleted]
Is your sarcasm meter busted?
[deleted]
You can deduct capital losses up to the amount of capital gains + an extra 3,000. So if overall you lost money and have REALIZED the loss then no, you’re not on the hook for taxes on the 40k gain.
Free market anything is better including healthcare.  Only thing Canada has is hockey, clam juice cocktails and a very weak currency.
CHYNA
You withdrew everything to buy the fridge. Liar.
No because if you listen to the top meme of this sub and just keep buying tesla calls you'll be loaded.
I like to wrap Remy in blankets like the little burrito he is
[deleted]
And I say we demand bigger roads.
[deleted]
I have to sugarcoat bullshit at work and with my wife all day I got no sugar left for the internet.
Chinese stock dont have er
bullish rally continues into tomorrow. It's like taking a bet on Biden winning. Something similar to what quants are doing in london.
Don’t have any pictures, but I can tell you the line out the door of the grocery store reminded me of March
Which wich
[deleted]
I was expecting a huge vaccine pump
I doubt you will before the week is up
Seems like an awful lot of people I follow are assuming the VIX is topped out
Thanks.. buy and hold feels like such a waster after trading options..but i guess there are no better way to manage it.
GME 2021 calls
thanks so much!!
Perfect thank you
This, its time for calls especially considering AAPL announced their new ARM Mac lineup for next week. But yeah whatever, its your money
Killing earnings means shit in 2020. Its not 2016 anymore.
I wouldn’t get into any options before election but NVIDIA is going to have a solid earnings on the 17th. Everywhere online while I game or just browse twitter I see so much hype behind their 3090 card, all my friends have either purchased one or want one and I even see some reselling them for higher than retail. Unreal.
[deleted]
I just pictured the toy story guy
This sounds like an MP5 pump and dump to me
Y2K20 tomorrow? Everyones acting crazy.
Hulk: whips dick out
Why would it, dummy?
It’s a Samsung, the fridge will be broken by then anyways.
When you trade on TDA, is the .65 per contract fee just when you buy or is it .65 to buy then another .65 to sell making each contract you buy and flip cost $1.30?
If the tech companies want to win some brownie points back in congress they to block any groups trying to organize riots over the next week
Nice. I’m not really talking about savings just money in my checking account
Rally into fomc
You mean QQQ?
[deleted]
True. Happy Cake Day
[https://nypost.com/2020/10/09/weed-stocks-surge-as-kamala-harris-vows-to-decriminalize-pot-in-debate/](https://nypost.com/2020/10/09/weed-stocks-surge-as-kamala-harris-vows-to-decriminalize-pot-in-debate/)
Your friend is an idiot
Riding $NIO all the way to the bank baby
Vix isn’t even that high if it’s supposed to be pricing in widespread rioting and a civil war
[deleted]
Nah, that's Trudeau
The future of gambling is Robinhood old man
Bulls hope this week, bears hope next month.
Sonic
thanks for the unsolicited life story
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-05 00:22:20 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-05%2000:22:20%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlrft5/earnings_for_the_week_of_november_2/gaycqor/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjlrft5%2Fearnings_for_the_week_of_november_2%2Fgaycqor%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-05%2000%3A22%3A20%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jlrft5)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
Schwab/ streetsmartedge. They only show real time though so if you don’t have the scanner open then you miss what has already went through and can’t go back and look at past orders. I only remember seeing this one because an order for 850k shares popped up.
imagine imagining
Yea that was my bad
Already priced in
What ablut the 300million whale buying up spy spreads
333 shares at 5.90. You'll legit make at least a couple hundred if you take the bet on cannabis stocks.
Bank on biden winning which increases taxes on corporations which decreases revenue which makes RED LINE GO DOWN. SPY PUTS NOVEMBER 4th THANK ME LATER
Yeah, I lived there for a few months and was surprised how most of the nice things had a premium there and were considered luxury.

OTOH same things are cheaper/within the access of most Americans

Their healthcare is 10x better though
Love it haha
I thought i was so smart in April buyng October calls
Is SNAP gonna fucking die already
[https://youtu.be/35Ih9gop68Q](https://youtu.be/35Ih9gop68Q)
RemindMe! 2 days
Looks pretty shaky right now if you’re posting to talk about it...
You think everyone is going to just outright abandon the markets best gaining stock YTD for some random IPO?
lets have another 11% move tmrw
I accept your apology
Buy high, sell low, right?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** M shaped recovery (/disaster); fuck you Muskrat

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmz2w3
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmz2w3) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/firstonesnotfree, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
averagebucko
cafenegroporfa
depending on the news by tomorrow, you gotta switch your side. Your puts will bleed slightly even market open green tomorrow. If there is another rally on Wednesday, your puts will lose most of its value. I cannot tell you about Wednesday but tomorrow will be green by open. And again, don't shoot the gun before you are assure of the direction.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I’m not be funny when I say this but Chelsea Clinton imo has been trying to groom him. She said she feels a special protection towards him. Weird 


https://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/chelsea-clinton-defends-barron-trump-abuse-a4561636.html
SPY 300 tomorrow
Same but different site. Added NH and NV instead of Wisconsin though and $250 on each. Easy money
This is one of the dumbest appliances I have ever seen.
HAHHAHAHAHAH IM HERE, THE BLACK HELICOPTERS HAVE SURROUNDED MY BUILDING, IMMA NUT ON THESE HOESSSS
[deleted]
Thats exactly what people said would happen today yet we went up.
P/C was 0.77 Friday
Yeah I just use it as a tool to get into a long position at a better price. Basically wheeling spy
Mms
> that is pretty creative.

You mean scummy. Holiday stuff should def have a special returns/exchanges date.
[deleted]
lol thanks Cramer for the CRSR pump.  Might actually have a chance to sell out even tmr on my 25c 11/20s.  Now pump NIO tmr.
Love ain’t got nothing to do with making money bro. Killed it on AAPL this year and i hate iphones
[deleted]
Shoot extremely low and then celebrate when you beat.
[deleted]
I bet you gilded yourself too. YOU CAN'T AFFORD THIS SHIT.
You mean burning down the locally owned businesses in your own hood isnt the best way to get your point across?
[deleted]
SEC would need to find out which they probably wouldn't. Be sure to share the love if possible.
lol that's next level retardation, I'm in!
How long is a civil war supposed to last?
SEDG CEO wore blackface in college or something? Fuck
Lol this should go in fuck you in particular
The red at 3 am switcheroo incoming
At least your all caught up.
who’s winning tomorrow ?
Evidence or ban
Ya, dow future was down 500 points at night
I'm watching a documentary and apparently American settlers sometimes teamed up with Indian tribes to take down other tribes. Awh, friendship through bloodshed so adorable
pretty expensive. What's your age and intent? Rent or Buy? want to be closer to work or the bars and clubs? etc. etc. 

&#x200B;

Depending on what environment you're looking for would determine where I'd recommend looking and ultimately the price.

&#x200B;

but expensive. DC is expensive.
I’m sorry but you’re dumb if you buy puts on shit that had a 10% drop in a week or close. Especially on major blue chip stocks
Yo my American gay bears, how many 'hours' are left until the us election results?
I mean this is just naive in a different way, though. Politics haven’t mattered because they were always a sideshow to us being the greatest country on earth. If the political situation gets bad enough that we no longer are the greatest country on earth—which is absolutely possible—then the free money of a long term up market would disappear.
People are overthinking the election. It will turn out to be normal, yes with a few protests here and there, but VIX will drop like a rock.
If you think Biden will Win. Put all your money tomorrow on CRON or ACB. They are small-cap Canabis stocks & usually have a huge jump during election period as you can tell from their chart history. Its a emerging industry and best part is your money wont expire like a contract on you. Id suggest you try CRON. Good luck.
But admit it, you liked it didn't you?
I yolo's my last two paychecks into Apple calls. They're currently down 60%. Diamond hand these bitches
Let him get groomed first.
Trump doesnt have to steal it. Sleepy Joe isnt winning.
You will make a tax attorney very rich one day
Charlottesville
right, in that sense sure, maybe there will be some not so peaceful protests and some looting, but I doubt it'll be anything we haven't seen
Where is Alex Jones from infowars. That guy was funny af.
[deleted]
[deleted]
all the stocks will see movement" they will move down..
[removed]
Regret buying those puts at close man
686 breakeven lol bruh
What if you need a physical?
Gonna use $NIO gains to buy a cybertruck. What should my license plate say?
fuckkkk I should have bought some AMZN when it was below $3k today. God damnit I am such a pussy when it comes to losing money. 🤦‍♂️
[removed]
Yep, just keep sticking it in every hole you find until the burning goes away.
[deleted]
Imagine living thru 2020 and not thinking the next couple weeks will likely be turbulent AF. If u live in bumblefuck nowhere u’ll be fine but life in any metro area has a high liklihood of sucking for a few weeks
you guys believe this?  10k pos @ 1,020,000 flat lmaoo
Look at the TP issue. Now imagine your food supply. Society is on the verge of collapse at any moment.
Come back to reality and please make sure you're wearing your helmet and for the love of humanity go get your balls clipped. We can't let people this retarded procreate
How do you come to this conclusion with the election tmrw night into weds morning?
Or hedging what will still probably be a Biden win
Tim pool the realist mf out there...his takes are spot on
Guests ln talk shows has been saying that about any battleground state. Tbf ill be suprised if Minnesota flipped. It wont tho, we took on a massive amount of immigrants during obama admin.
You folks without unlimited day trades should lock in profits until all this volatility is over. Better to make incremental gains daily than lose that shit over night.
They won’t find out we trade strategies over Pokémon go
In case Trump tries to steal the election
100% 
Weak hands>take profits
Strong hands>hold loading on dips
Dude this is incredibly retarded. Close tomorrow on any spike in volatility but it’s not looking good. Election uncertainty has been priced in to some extent. Yes, if we go into civil war shit will get worse but that is honestly just a fantasy. 🥭 will prob lose, make a fit, but that will be that. There will be some protests here and there but we’re not going into any of these doomsday scenarios. 


We are already at incredibly elevated vol levels. Wed and Fri already put us super high. If things show any semblance of going as expected you’re going to get double fucked from your option’s delta as well as the general IV crush these calls are going to experience. Do you know about the decay on this? Contango? Do you know they have to reverse split UVXY every few years because it experiences constant decay because of the way it is calculated?
Depends.  Is your friend a CPA or your manager at Wendy's.
Give me your patience I need these puts to at least break even I'm down 1300 bucks
all of DC is incredibly nice and expensive except for maybe some pockets of SE and even that is being rapidly gentrified. 

&#x200B;

"iTs A nO Go CoMmUnIsM zONe w/ sHaRiA lAw"
I’ve never had a shake in my life, besides there’s, where I was actually disappointed. How do you fuck up a shake?
Prob the opposite. Reduction in supply, either current or future, drives Expected price up
not unless the SEC finds out
Okay?
Your welcome. I’ll even write a call first thing in the morning for the boys!
You also cannot prove you're the same recurring entity after every lapse of consciousness.
Needs to be extra contested
Already done a week ago
Mine too, 28% on April 21 BP calls.
[deleted]
Orcas
Canada’s economy is shit
His Mo- what in West Virginia country Alabama road are you talkin' bout? She said she was his wife!
Right right we get it lol...unlimited isn't the correct term!
This market is so fucking rigged against me lmao.
Thanks!
bro thats like 3 days of chicken for me
As with everyone else on this board I am half retarded and saying what comes to mind. Its probably best to inverse me.
Autists now betting into Tuesday results. Hence, low volume in stonks.

Gambler’s money is split
On it's own, I don't think an election would normally cause riots. But since we've already had riots all year, it's the norm.
Highly recommend spreads dawg. You get a lot more considering the collateral requirement is far far less
you love this guy, you should look into being his concubine
COVID stimulus phase 3 (the $2T one$ was passed in the senate on 3/26. Stimulus and QE happened much faster this time around than it did in 2008
Margin
found Obamas reddit.

Just kidding, but I have done some work on houses/embassies in that neighborhood and wow, some fancy stuff in some.
I can feel the hate in this lol
Neurosis apparently
[removed]
Lol you’re shit w money man. I had 150K and in 2 years it was 125K or so but I bought a car and dumb shit and I’m also young
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Election = blood

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmyzht
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmyzht) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/largeA, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dwm42
pabloescobxr
cafenegroporfa
[removed]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Vix has been printing the last few weeks cause most of it Was bought when vix was close to 21 , spy was 355 ish, and then last Wednesday it mooned over night.
You can day trade with 1k and make your way back to 10k if you know what you’re doing
what advice?
Allen Iverson?
I’m just happy to be with my gf for 8 years now, can’t cope with today’s girls wanting their asses eaten, they hair pulled and their asses spanked
yea I changed my mind after what happened today
Down 2k lol
Bainbridge or Vashon lol
🤣🤣😂😂😂you buy an sell stocks when your about to heat up them trendies right?
Weed stocks, buy em
And that means they are responsible for violence committed by antifa and BLM?

You are retarded for sure.
How much will you win though? Depends on the odds
remindme! 1 week
I’m hesitant to be certain on anything this year. If there’s one thing I’ve learned; it’s that if there’s something that “can’t go tits up,” it probably will. However, I’m pretty sure 🥭 won’t go down without some petulant childesque fight.
Mmmhmmm
pics of loss or strap on or it didn’t happen
[deleted]
Alright guys need your help, Down to my last 2k from 85k since 9/3 and need ideas for a final play
Finally we can all respect you
Sony might moon despite this craziness
Right...keep telling yourself that. When you’ve blown up your account and have a maxed out card you’ll probably be thinking different. 😂 good luck bro
It's because some guy published an article saying it's time to take profit on tech stocks *AFTER* tech fell 10%

https://www.marketwatch.com/story/its-time-to-take-your-profits-from-tech-stocks-jp-morgan-says-11604348246?mod=home-page
[deleted]
Ant goes public November 5 (that's November 4 in the night for West? idk). Everyone will sell NIO to buy Ants, be aware!
B e  N o t  A f r a I d
[deleted]
name checks out
I’ll be shocked if we end green tomorrow. Algos gonna sell everything
So many opportunities to pull out and you were still born.
[deleted]
No I haven’t bought anything. Waiting for election stuff to fizzle out. Buying opportunity will be start of next week IMO
They are like the morons around here who say "circuit breakers tomorrow!" every god damn day. Those people who voted 3rd party are just the assholes who want to be able to say "I voted but I didn't vote for THIS president!".   Retarded idiots
regular stooges don't own stocks my man, you're talking about the rich(er), who are not stupid. 

that's why stocks have usually always gone up, not a lot of sustained selling pressure overall
[removed]
Interesting
Puts on DPZ. Quality check for 27 minutes before they left the place, and they're dropping off someone else's order first. Fuck that noise
335 by eod tomorrow, back to 330 wed
“Nah we dumping Monday and Tuesday, I’ll stand by that. Ppl said the same thing on Thursday”

-G23456789, yesterday
PRICED IN. ITS ONLY DOWN 1.3% AH
I know, and we aren’t gonna dump tomorrow either
I'm not sure how to respond cause if I call you an idiot when you're actually an idiot, I'd feel bad, but if I call you an idiot when you're actually j/k, then I'm the idiot, so one of us is getting r/whoosh but I don't know which one of us that is.
That’s not what I asked. I asked for a riot, started by conservatives.
Close an M4 bmw w the sport setting on 24/7
How the fuck could any company offer 2021 guidance rn. No one knows what the stimulus package is going to look like and how the virus is going to go throughout the winter.
Chick fil a or five guys - sometimes shake shake
I thought that was the whole idea of a break even point.
student loans on fubo
As long as those buildings aren't the buildings of S&P 500 companies I don't give a fuck
How many dicks do I have to suck I order to have a spare 1 millirock to slam in to spy puts
I am dealing with the same situation bro! Tsla raw dogging my portfolio
[deleted]
It’s ok NIO u can go green. I won’t look I promise😇
Dude that's like 1 share of AMZN.
NIO up 21% the last 3 days and I do not see her slowing down anytime soon.
Bc the suspension is to run the tests/white marches that were agreed with the CDC to lift the sail order. Bare in mind that those protocols were written by the cruise lines
It doesn’t matter, elections are just an excuse to whipsaw this market and take your money.
Im already home 20 miles outside the city, but i saw a bunch on twitter earlier if you twitter search dc boarded or dc lockdown i bet a bunch would pop up.
Atleast we have freedom of speech.
We didn’t dump today FYI.
I almost bought puts EOD but its just felt to damn obvious and MM would do their damndest to not let all the shorts profit. Glad I didn't.
When\*
cryo pause
his words or his metric? either way, link me.
Fuck sq😞
Riots are Red... 
Biden’s are blue...
The national guard is green... 
we’re all still fucked from the CHINA FLU
True, thank you Humble Genius 😎
Pussy. YOLO Trump to win California.
Please don’t move to Canada. Americans will just destroy Canada if people move

Hence, Canada will not be safe, just 6 months delayed from whatever happens to America
Damn they really boarding up a ton of buildings in NYC. Wtf is boutta happen tomorrow. Hold me I’m scared.
Bro what do you drive? A fucking M1 Abrams Tank?
I swear. Got 52k in the beginning of the month and there’s only 17k in my account atm. I’m being a little facetious but I really don’t buy shit
I'm not fearful, but remember March. Wal-Mart may run short hours (like they did earlier this year), trucking routes may get disrupted, factories in riot zones may get closed temporarily (like earlier this year). You won't die, but you'd be more comfortable with spare food and less need to go out if it gets a little dicey. We do hurricane prep every year in FL, treating it like that.
PTON not dropping below 110, acting bullish as fuck right now.

Holding through ER like a retard, but shares on margin this time no fucking FD's right now
Get fkeddd irl kid 😂 no one is gonna date your inbred bonobo ass
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
I am trying to see how the beautiful minds of wsb users work
[removed]
Shilling Stein was one of the funnest duck maneuvers of 2016. It was amazing.
Think of the makeup of this site... and think about who owns this site.  They are pandering to their audience.  There's your answer
NIO opens at $34 ,mark my words.
There are nice neighborhoods in DC?
Moved from there a year ago. You’re looking at 2600 assuming pricing stagnated with Covid flight. 

I lived in Georgetown. Strong recommend
its the opposite imo

i cant speak to how the market will react, but I doubt it drops more than 10% unless the winner loses the senate or whatever and stim talks are forever in limbo

but in terms of other damage, im in the "nothing is gonna happen" camp.

the biggest risk is what Burry warned us about in that last tweet. shadow government (media+intelligence agencies+bigtech)
Just wear a trench coat and remove the stock of the MP5. Or get an MP5K. Like stocks, the price of these will only go up with time.
You buy more?
1/15/21 33c. Sell 1/8.


https://m.benzinga.com/article/17870899?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fduckduckgo.com&utm_source=https%3A%2F%2Fduckduckgo.com

The Tuesday event may not help, but certainly won’t hurt.
Hey, you’re up $216. Congrats! Tendies everywhere
My oil leaps mooned today. Market pricing in a Trump win.
I remember 4 years ago futures crashing when trump won and then it soared throughout the night.
Let the futures go through the motions, we got time to drill bud
I dont want to live forever, but I also dont want to die and stop existing. Why isn‘t there a better solution of life? The thought of literally not existing anymore at one time, with no memory or conciousness truly terrorizes me every other night.
He’s going to win all 3
God forbid america from spending on infrastructure! Dems are the worst!
Its like nobody learned the first time around lol
shiller says aint no crash coming, bullish
Very nice, now realize it since tomorrow can end up being very volatile
How could you view election as anything but bearish?

Biden win = GOP is shocked that polls mattered this time compared to 2016. They quickly pull out their money before the commies can tax it

Trump win = huge increase in Google searches for how to move to Canada

Whichever side loses will think it's the end of the world and will be panic selling
Your capital loss will be deducted from your capital gain. However make sure to not buy back the same stock/options you sold at a loss within 30 days. It's called "wash sale" and it will prevent you from claiming the capital loss for this years Tax season.
I live in the boonies ain’t nothing happening
[removed]
Are there boarding shit up everywhere? I’m just cruising on an island out here in the pacific NW...
These past few weeks have been so unpredictable I would not be surprised if we open red. In these weeks we've opened up the complete opposite direction than what futures was. The only time I ever hold weeklies is when I have money on the line that won't be a big deal if I lose, especially during these times of uncertainty.
[removed]
You, too.
what stocks will be pumped full of j powel seed regardless of the outcome of the election?*
DC peeps here? How much is a two bedroom running these days in a nice neighborhood?
I'm all in too with 2400 shares. Hopefully its stripe.
So far up 21% in the last 3 days
Right call at the right time.
But what was the odds tho.
No not me the advise
Bullshit
You’re making call holders mad with that question, but I wonder the same thing
Could you please post pics?
where you get that info?
It is more complicated than that.  If Trump gets PA then it makes it more likely that other states, with similar demos, also go Trump.  That is why it makes him an underdog.  

Similarly, if FL or AZ go Biden then PA has a larger chance of going Biden.

PA is the current tipping point state though.
Throw in clean energy stocks for Biden and you have a solid plan
I think you meant when not if.
Exactly man. I didnt do spread, just CSP but yeah. I got the same premium far OTM that I would normally get selling barely OTM
Other animals on earth think the same thing.  Yet we kill them for sport and profit.
There's a dude that was asking if his 11/4 315p was fine

feel better?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323418154991845376?s=19

CARNIVAL CORP - NORTH AMERICAN CRUISE LINE BRANDS WILL EXTEND EXISTING PAUSE IN OPERATIONS, SUSPENDING CRUISE VOYAGES BETWEEN DEC. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2020
China won’t allow another LK. The last Chinese company that got accused of being a fraud (GSX) shout up almost 200% in 3 months.
Tomorrow will be a flat day
Could you send pics?
Google.com

define supposable
Yep I'm onboard the 320p train too
He’s not Chinese though. 88.88 really means that he is fucked.
[removed]
Same way they openly hate America but then implore us to “do something” whenever they have a problem.  Usually something financial.
Rn it’s too big to fit on European roads as well
Lol at everyone trying to time puts before the election. Patience
This guy out here shit posting himself, respect.
Anti maskers not going to get vaccines. And it’s not clear whether the vaccine will provide immunity if there are different strains
[removed]
This hits too close to home.
Nothing that capital punishment can’t fix
[deleted]
Shake shack and cookout
To be short I jump on 2-3 candle uptrends and downtrends, especially if I see high volumes
Looking here guys! We have a genius free thinker here. Blow us away with your mind-blowing philosophical ideas. Obviously us sheepish plebs can never comprehend your thoughts, but we will gawk in awe.
you're right, there is evidence of homosexuality in nature
Lol,
ayyyy Kstreetbets
Big boy put
[deleted]
2DTE Spy credit spreads are absurd right now. Good premium on super far OTM
What if it doesn’t.
Lol
Is there anyone that thinks it won’t be contested?
Because they’re all retarded
We're on our way down
Options may not be suitable for all investors.
[deleted]
My calls don’t confirm this statement
Pics or it didn't happen
Looks like a Subaru Baja
SPY 420 QQQ 420 MERRY XMAS MELTUP 🎅🏼 🚀✌️
Betting markets make most sense to use. Those idiots aren't going to heavily favor a side and get butt fucked for it.
I’m with ya man
Just wonder why it’s only 3% out of money and so cheap? Very low chance.  Maybe someone knows something
Well they had control the last 4 years
fr
Ok normie
[deleted]
Wash rule
Read a yahoo finance article that financials fall in the "if Trump wins" basket
Are you feeding an army
Mods this
Delusions of grandeur.
Wtf are you talking about? They have the worst shakes and they’re fucking expensive.
What if NIO ends up like LK?
So more calls it is then
what about tesla? that rite dont matter
Wendy's
[deleted]
fridge face has one eye half open
Sure thing....GAYLORD.

&#x200B;

Gotta love Dane Cook.
MacBook with no keyboard to save environment
Futures Tuesday night will be FUCKING WILD!
U don’t think there are extreme right ppl too? It’s both sides that’s another reason why it’s bad
It is really hard to know.  If we have a split senate v presidency then I think IV will remain high.  In a clean republican sweep I think IV will drop.  With a clean Dem sweep win I think IV drops later on but Trump may make it tumultuous in the lame duck session.
Free thought
Oh ok. Just sell puts. If you run spreads you take a chance of losing everything if assigned.

Thats to risky. You coulda sold spy puts and made bank.
But what does it meaaaan?
[deleted]
You gonna make the market go berserk for all of us or do you need us to help you move out of your girlfriends house?
Fuck bought some spy 11/6 320p thinking it will drill tonight but may not. Someone make me feel better.
You are beyond a fucking pleb for if you are believing or spreading the stock up on supplies garbage. Stock up if you’d like, do not be fearful.
It actually can go either way, so it's more bi----directional.
Anyone else really hoping this shit is contested so that we can all hop on hella puts?
Yup, I live 6 blocks from the Whitehouse and people are preparing for lots of unrest.
I can see why most people went cash gang . It's impossible to consistently make money in this kangaroo 🤡 market.
I like to read, but rarely find the time. So I listed to audiobooks while driving to work or while fixing things in the shed, more efficient that way
Hey this makes me feel better, I spent 12k & that’s a lot for me. damn i need a job
#CiRcUiT bReAkEr TuEsDaY
[deleted]
2700 then?
Tesla, The Gap, Adidas, Yeezy Christian Academy once he starts producing super soldiers.
When you pull the same strat but have 1,000x the cash as you do now
I sold puts. Godspeed, retard
Yeah dude it’s just like the casino, if you go to Vegas and you lose all your money they also make you pay taxes lol
I wonder if people actually got suckered into buying puts by all of these posts of people just saying the market will drop that clearly don't even have puts
Tqqq.   Etf but I think itll have big day soon.
SPY 400 mid 2021
Humans are the universe contemplating itself

Carl Sagan
What type of mental health issue do third party voters suffer from?
👍👍
A mega move that’ll rip everyone’s face off. 2-3 month time frame. You’re talking macro and philosophy, which carries a completely different horizon and is irrelevant to short term moves.

:)
> r/trump

More memes, same flavor of stupid IMO. /r/politics will just have some doofus' blog and act like it's credible, /r/trump will have a photo of the president's face and say "GOD BLESS" and act like that means anything.
Hope they smash windows again if they have an unveiling event. 

That was great.
Isn’t that fucked
Biggest thing happening every 4 years is tomorrow. Countries love to make fun of us but yet they can’t stay out of our business, ya love to see jealously.
Same, except it’s all expiring on the 20th. Means I have time to really feel it as my balance slowly bleeds out.
That won’t happen with Christmas around the corner. Everyone has to be on Santa’s good list
FIVE GUYS.
Yeah, those 2 weeks to break even were amazing. Amongst those stimulus talks, no stimulus talk, roller coaster of emotions.

Should’ve known to pull out though.
6 lbs is 2.72 kg
Shut up pussy
That’s not what unlimited loss is. Unlimited loss is ONLY on calls as a stock can theoretically go to infinity but a stock cannot go below zero. Look it up if you have any doubts. Max loss is equal to current price  of stock x 100 - premium
If it makes you feel any better a few institutions were putting in large buy orders in XOM last week via dark pool
I have 6 lbs of chicken and 2 cases of ramen noodles.
Sure! why not
incorrect
I do too. Wrote the contract myself ☺
Its just thugs taking advantage of the current tensions/climate

 ^^and ^^they ^^most ^^likely ^^support ^^sleepy ^^joe
What kind of tinfoil hat is that and where can I get one?
That's a good Busta Rhymes album.
I did that 7 months ago and got cucked
Because I bought puts
Luckin coffee :D
We are the part of universe that is concious about its own existence.
I dunno. Maybe after the winner is declared? Seems like it has a big effect on the stock market but I'm new to this shit
You’re a retard. If people can grow their own shitty buds, they will, and they will fill their craving for the finer from the local who grew the best on paydays. 

And the people who actually would be good at growing their own, will once legal. Think about it
Unite the right killed a woman with a car
Hoping for 1% drop tomorrow. Anything else is a bonus
It’s only Monday..
Gotta bag your phone and bring it in the shower if your options are printing
Just drove through DC, it would be easier to count how many buildings are NOT boarded up.
got damn bro what else is good to get in rn?
I'm not buying nio until it's $100 a share. Max pain for myself.
Every time I sit at the bar I'm hoping this well known fact is true.  :)
Thanks!
Best fast food restaurant to buy a shake?
[deleted]
It looks like someone hacked your fridge.
Hey, I did! Still sad, still depressed.
You’re would only be getting the new tax rate on any amount over $400k... not taxed at that rate on anything under...
Count cards
Why do my nutz hurt when I see green porn?
uh guys im getting scared
Market is ever moving so as my expectations
[removed]
True that even RAD moved up nicely
There's really no outcome tomorrow that doesn't end in major cities burning. Stock up on food and supplies, secure your homes, watch your back if you're out late. It'll blow over. Stonks will probably keep rising though.

Edit: Referencing DC, Atlanta, NY level rioting in a few more cities; not the end of the world. Jesus.
It was in the 180s pre-split when I started trading in 2019. The internet was talking about Elon getting margin called on loans etc. Got out in the 300s. Had no idea the mania around this. Just be prepared for when the show is over.
I like it
[deleted]
You made like 13 bucks tho so congrats
GAP
Can you imagine one state deciding the future of the country. bcos that's what it's sounding like here->

[https://thehill.com/homenews/media/524015-nate-silver-without-winning-pennsylvania-biden-becomes-an-underdog](https://thehill.com/homenews/media/524015-nate-silver-without-winning-pennsylvania-biden-becomes-an-underdog)

Maybe I was getting too confident about Vix crashing after tomorrow.
stonks only go up
I promised myself I would sell puts and put credit spreads or call spreads once I break even.

I went full retard and tried to play TSLA pre-ER run up. Unfortunately, there was no pop leading into ER.
both sides were this confident last time, maybe even more confident for Hillary. Only one side was wrong tho
Autism
Check out LOB. Great company lotta upside!
[deleted]
Amazon position (look it up if needed), so it's anyone's guess as to who is fucking who.
Ban any political scrubs trying to organize protest on here plz
Is that the guy that said 💩c o i n will be $100,000? 🤡
Why would we dump that much tomorrow. There won't be any results during trading hours
CVS was supa hot fire today. Value stocks keeping me in the game
BE
Gains are gains
Last 12 years? How about fucking forever.

How to spot an idiot? They think politics is very important to that stock market.
Tell me more.

Are you charting?
[deleted]
These nuts in your mouth
$URMOM
Down how much?
Skittles
You only get taxes on the net gain.
I've held long dated calls on nio while buying weekly puts after a run up.  Feels dirty but it works
Priced in
No, it's November 17th, at 7pm ET

https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/11/02/2118154/0/en/NIO-Inc-to-Report-Third-Quarter-2020-Financial-Results-on-Tuesday-November-17-2020.html
In this case wife is code for husband
[removed]
Fleshlight.
Got 5 day ban for ‘vote 🟦’ so you would be wrong about that
Bought and held.

You’re in the wrong sub
You could do a partial liver as well.  Only internal organ that regenerates.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** and they say we’re all single

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmyyxk
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmyyxk) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Enter_the_Gecko, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
hodl_for_the_moon
momentstorture
Giraffe-kit
Thebush121
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
LL boi
Realistically, I think riots are much bigger if 🥭wins. The hatred towards 🥭is much bigger than any other.
Short term is about mango, medium term is about the Senate too
Good Christ BABA calls are expensive...
When you stop listening to people here
No I was saying that the advise was homosexual in nature
Prob 1%
Will a Risk Management and Insurance degree from the school that started the program make you more qualified than working at Wendy’s??
As your wife's boyfriend I'll allow it this time.
So much delusion on both sides. How is each side so confident of a victory
Rcl  suspends travel as well my puts like this, I still don't understand why the pumped when Norwegian announced their suspension today
Ok buddy. 

Name one conservative riot over the last 4 years
Tired of apple doing piece meals for their events just give it to us all at once...I'm not stopiid I can chew gum and walk simultaneously.
I meant biggest % return possible, which is why I suggested Wed exp calls
Goes from this comment to -5-8% tmmrw
I sold everything at the top. I was finally up YTD (by $200). Met my friend, told him I broke even and am not going to get myself depressed over this stuff again.

Came back home, bought TSLA calls expecting a run up. Averaged down hard. Hmm.
I’m hopping back in once warrants can be exercised and the election is over with. Sad to see the action post merger.
Ok
What if Barron trump is the GME millionaire..it’s the only thing that makes sense
If I voted by mail I can just go to the thing tomorrow and vote again right? I wanna change my vote
Atta boy
Especially since he's bitching like Joe Biden is supreme leader.

No one will have the ability to just do whatever the fuck they want like trump. 

This idiotic fear mongering like Joe Biden can just wave his hand like trump did is idiotic... No other president in history acted like trump... This isn't a republican or Democrat thing it's just a trump thing. 

If Joe Biden wants to raise taxes it will take 2 years... And most shit just gets reversed. 

People are fucking idiotic about politics
Good opportunity to get some more cheap if you want to size up.
You got 3 grand to blow on a pcc?
[deleted]
Yeah keep that in your imagination
Hope is not a strategy
I feel you on this. Was gonna yolo 10k on NIO calls which woulda netted around 20k so nothing like this guy but i had the specific call in mind and everything but my money was still transferring to my broker :/
You could probably make a killing doing the exact opposite of whatever the Motley Fool suggests
Maybe DOW calls
Can't read. One of us
I see a lot of bears tbh. But there’s like this underlying element of people like myself who are consistently bullish
All cash into tmmrw and now we just sit and wait
Great! But really does seem like everyone got puts lol
Just gonna let my tsla puts expire worthless this week has been horrendous
i'm glad it made you happy
You poor old idiot
[deleted]
Doctor said I just needed 1
I DON’T
ban positions or ban
[deleted]
yeah idk why people keep saying everyone bearish if every comment i see is talking about how they inversed wsb so they bought calls
Nah I wanted more upside room at this price. Wouldn't have sold CC's right away

Guess I coulda sold 40p for a month out
He just posted in Spanish. It's going to be best behavior until the clock strikes midnight tomorrow.
Same
Civil war is not in the table you moron. It's a vocal minority of retarded people who think we live in a damn movie and have become disconnected with reality.
If it works for margin calls will it work for cancer?
When you bet with more than $2
wink wink
Lend me 4k, I’d flip it to 20k and send you 10k is that a fair deal
I think it’s riots from either side with whoever wins
Price paid literally means the price he paid for them. He spent $15 on a 1000 contracts which are now worth $125 each. So a profit of $110k
Does your wife even exist?
$QQQ 400c 01/2022
When 🥭 is gone, America will wake up with a “WTF, did we actually *listen* to his psychotic bullshit for 4 years?” and we can all breathe a big sigh of relief.

SPY 400 1/20/21
What time is Nio’s ER?
Nice.
Calls. Work time of call on industrial or specific tech. Spy is also a safe call. Idk which specifically though
[deleted]
Me too thanks
No I was saying your advise was gay
Down 30k lol
In the power of J-Pow we trust.
remindme! 1 week
Cramer pump
NO
Tell me where I’m wrong lol
Tried playing the ER run up. Never happened. Caused the other side of the M drop.

Should’ve put in stop losses. Held too long expecting for a miracle before ER.
Calls on Lowe’s for selling hundreds of thousands of plywood for the riot holidays.
Probably tuna like the rest of them.
Lol it is called risk management
[deleted]
Thank you for that
Do people really believe companies are boarding up because they think trump supports are going to loot and riot tomorrow night...you are lying to yourself if you believe that
👍 I work for myself so al that is foreign to me lol
Fuck man,  yolo the Ferrari 💵💵💵💵
[deleted]
Lol calm down dude
This.
People said VIX would make me money today. It made me $3. When do the real tendies start rolling in?
Thanks for helping my AMZN
You’re about 3-4 years too late
Made a killing the last week selling puts. Sold more spy before close today expiring Wed. Did farther OTM this time, but premium was still insane
yea, if you're into dudes it's the same:

lift and don't be needy
What is the best Trump winning play possible? SPY Wed 1dte calls tomorrow?
Amazing read
Tom Lee is a WSB autist.
This comment made my night. Thank you
[X] Doubt
But ....but.... there is truth somewhere isn’t there Market-san??   Actual value ???  Put money, get growth. ??  Who are these fiendish bastards who waste our souls on false leads
Kinda like your mom
Hope you rolled a slo burn Dutch
any stocks you think will pump bigly soon?
Ticker or ban, bucko
Big boy job with contracted raises
Plot twist: They were short the entire time.
WSB is bullish as shit
Mustache, short sleeve button up, and a van?
I’ve been preaching SEDG for a week. Fuck me.
Double bottom? But that should have happened during the market... it’s weird
Hoping for Robert Pattinson to save me.
So CRSR just pumps randomly AH?
They’re not changing it you idiots. They are making minor tweaks. Stop spreading #fakenews.
SQ Puts just because Jack Dorsey is a prick
Deemz
Nice couple of gay bears
Oh no. Im so happy for you
If Mango Man  wins , Tech rally as safe haven stocks  and SPY is higher ..

If Sleepy Dude wins , Value stocks such as Financial  rally and SPY is higher ..

If Mango Man starts  acting  crazy at 2 AM on  twitter : All bets are off
Is this small street bet?
What a terrible problem you have...
Fuck I told myself if all of WSB is buying puts, don’t buy puts. I went and bought puts
What did they say
yes
Zynga. Gone up 43% in 3 months. It’s holiday season. People are buying systems and games for kids. It’s a cheap one to get into and it’s undervalued. C 9.50 11/13 only doing 10 because I’m poor.
Plastic
Trying. It’s hard, but we’ll see what happens. Thanks for the support, dude!
no volume cuz waiting for erection, algo market on no volume = uppies
This. I wanted to be up an iPhone but now I'm down two iPhones.
$YUM
Hey man, I’m sure many did
How do you know what you’re making in 2021
Damn glad I didn't listen to Motley Fool and yeet at SEDG

Tom and Dave fuckin' up boi
Nice, well hey, have fun being a cheerleader for a 70 year old dude.
All we need is a full USA lockdown to really moon!
Their currency will be worth either more or less depending on if they need to print more money to pay trump another 4 years
Because we have been waiting two years for this shit to take off
Really? I just saw how the right was trying to harass B/H with the caravans. One video shows a right supporter swerving and hitting another vehicle who was a leftist. Who gives af? What’s the point of acting that way? Both sides are retarded.
Me too.

Any stock I'm going to get assigned on is so volatile I can still make .5-1% per week selling calls at the strike price of the put I was assigned on.

Additionally, I've started actually buying longer dated OTM options to directly hedge my sales so that I can recoup value when the price goes against me.

Cuts down profits, but having that hedge and a defined loss is more than worth it.

Just don't do like I did and sell the hedge early when you think you don't need it because when you do that, the market will always, without fail, move 15-30% against your position 🙃
Spy's always get the pooty.
Maybe it’s valuations
I thought so too, at the time lol
MP5 is kind of large/heavy to concealed carry...
With a mighty IV crush.
[removed]
Coincidence, but works well, tbh ;)
Wrong forum to look for anyone close to being stable... including myself.
SoftBank reducing their short position.
Earnings are announced on the 9th green at 9PM.

Wear something nice.
A long time ago I sold puts on CHWY then lost confidence and bought back my puts for about a $100 loss (same day)

They would’ve expired worthless and I would’ve made a few grand. 

It’s 1 of my biggest regrets. Not because of the money but because I pussied out and couldn’t trade CHWY after that for a good few months
...
Buy premium instead of selling it?
President Xi about to be president of the USA 🤷‍♂️
If you give me 20k you won’t be eligible
Spy is short for spy kids
These polls are all just a bunch of made up numbers
Try pushing Start Over. Never Resets my game, but you might get lucky.
He's the CEO, actually. weird.
In my case, I only have the one contract, but it was $700 and is now worth like $200. Thankfully I didn't go all in on any one option or stock. Thanks for the advice.
Trying my best, good sir.
Mouthgasm
No Melania didn't divorce trump
No it's just retards who think they live in a movie and acting fucking stupid.
HAHAHAHA, you think that’s the same..fucking fool. You are lying to yourself. You know the truth, you are pathetic.
I think he will probably just go elsewhere and say "I'll be back in office soon!!!1!11" or something on twitter
[removed]
Why’d I wonder about losing 28K when I know what I did? Retard.
i see it bearish both ways tbh.
Trump supporters have been lying to pollsters. Embarrased about supporting Mango. That’s why you can’t count him out.
idk how u write a whole ass book about a dude spoofing orders but go off
[this one](https://youtu.be/ybemRgJlqps)
Chicken stock
Thank you for the motivation brother 🥰
I bought a few. Might buy a few at open.
Yeah, I used the audiobook and loved it
Nice going. True. Mind boggling what goes on here. ‘Options’...it’s not just in the name, it is actually the name. FD yourself to $0, people.
Clean energy stocks down
Private prison stocks up
Buy the dip means restock the hummus
The ugly runs deep w me
You’re ok. That’s not what he would be concerned about in 2021 if he takes office.
[deleted]
[removed]
do you think the big boys train for tomorrow like target employees train for black friday?

AIGHT BOYS. YOU GET 4X AS MUCH TO TRADE TODAY. MAKE JPM PROUD.
We're all feeling so bad for you.
It’ll be blue tomorrow.
Wtf stimulus was
Passed in march
An artificially weak currency won't become the reserve because other nations don't trust that it won't be fucked at whom. Only floating exchange rate currencies will see wide reserve adoption.
Did you really think a bunch of retards and literally every media person would accurately predict the market? What are all of y'all smoking?
Big fat mistake
I bought a 91c monthly when it was at 87 - expired worthless :)
yes puts on me will be a yuge bear L
I’m seeing too many weed stock post. Be prepared for your returns to be blunted by the reality which is that fire only forms ashes when bowls of pyrex turn your portfolio to resin
Bought at $226 and now I’m lending it out to short sellers at 140% interest rate
This isn’t Tesla’s rendering.  Elon isn’t changing the look, he’s just changing the size about 10% (according to recent tweets), in order to fit into garages
Have 16k in DKNG Sep’21 60C
*it’s priced in*
Not too late to change your vote
was NIO supposed to have earnings after hours? i heard it was but i could be retarded
Oof guess whose getting sued for the 10,000th time
[deleted]
Not sure who makes ass implants but that will moon.
Sell puts at the price you want until you get assigned. Then sell covered calls after.  The wheel.
Na bro. I dropped $1000 on VXX calls to hedge my folio. I hope they expire worthless cause that means I made a lot more. It’s worth having it with all the chaos that could happen
"doctor"
Is it a good read?
Interesting, thanks for the info.
John Ellis Bush Bush
Being single
Bull market 2021? Covid goes away, vaccine, stimulus, reopening... I’m going to buy so many fucking calls
Cuz that's America
v1 of that fridge came out 2016 and msrp started at $5,999. I happen to know this because in 2016 i bought a flexzone without the screen and remember the price. i also just [looked it up](https://www.reviewed.com/refrigerators/features/samsung-2016-home-appliance-lineup).

I also have 2 full size sub zeros (one matches my kitchen cabinets and the other is a beverage fridge with a glass door) and an under counter sub zero wine fridge. The regular was the most expensive of the 3 at $12k before the cabinets but the beverage fridge was $9k. I don’t know about 17 but I guess if you get a double instead of 2 separate...
Your plunger
[deleted]
I put stop loss on all my stocks. It was apparently a very good guess because the price I chose ended up being the very bottom (lol). So I bought in again at a loss and still gained my money back today plus way more.   I'm just going to hold for now but I was quite nervous
Was that English
yikes PYPL and SEDG
Liquidity. Volume. Tight spreads
Because as more copper get used up its price will shoot up at a higher rate than TSLA stock price. 10,000,000% gains vs 1,000% gains.
Probably should quit, basically you just loose money and got lucky once.
Ah, the classic “it’s different this time” just for it to become another stat later on.
I'm set to make over 400k in 2021 right for biden to step in with a new tax plan wow fml
This is the way
One of their assholes is going brrrrr now.
Another Nofap failure
Tendies.  Is this a trick question?
maybe you should u fucking dweeb
[deleted]
That is right, its easy to say, but I know very well its going to be much harder to implement
Liquidity I guess?
why is the reddit front page full of posts about cops letting one side commit crimes right in front of them and the other side being pepper sprayed just for walking on the sidewalk. wtf
Anyone read "Flash Crash"? Just finished, it's pretty damn good. An actual autist who managed to beat the HFT's and control the SP500 from his room in his mum's house. 

His family and friends didn't even know he was worth upwards of 70 million
Gay
You can only comment in this thread as a reply to a top level comment. Reply here for general votebot discussion, discussion of volunteer moderators and what they're getting wrong, etc. Try to keep it related to votebot and spam content.
[deleted]
Hope you meant puts.
no man, i’m telling it to whoever bought tesla 430c 11/6 at the top this morning, get fucked
This guy should get  the silver
＼(｀0´)／
Remaining 70% fees and commissions
You being a fatty and getting a foot long 1500+ calorie sandwich and thinking you’re eating healthy.
They're probably feeling retarded 

On account of their retardation
RE-inversed
Hiv
Whole nation is being dumb as fuck right now. Just saw the Massachusetts state gov call in national guard for election night
It would've. Check FB in the morning
What money are you actually making on it?
No self promoting
Did you two start banging each other’s butts in front of everyone right after this picture was taken?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   345.0|3.02|3.05|3.11|0.29|28.004%


SPY 345.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaya986&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Trump preordered the new one and Biden doesn’t know how to use a phone.
Look at the last 12 years. This market has evolved beyond politics. Stonks go fucking up

SPY 345c 11/20
Fucking silly.  The fools that want to die for an election outcome can do so in the city streets.  Meanwhile, we can just watch it in TV.   Trust me if you need those “supplies” you’re just delaying the inevitable, and possibly making yourself more of a target by coming home every Saturday with a carful of Costco shit and your neighbors watching.
Lol
With your account size you should be running theta gang strategies on other stonk not gambling like a poor person thats now poor.

Start running the wheel on a penny stonk to make your gainsies back
[removed]
Any news on DKNG AH movement or just some idiots buying at every ask?
 Bold strategy, Cotton.
https://twitter.com/DavidInglesTV/status/1323409056782929920?s=19

"Chinese yuan's overnight volatility. BOOM.

HERE WE GO."

(Basically reflects expectations of volatility in the currency over the next day or so)
30c 11/6
23c 11/13 (only money maker so far)
27c 11/17
67c 11/20 (lotto ticket)

Also have some SQQQ calls as well. You?
Smh bought 50 DKNG, for covered calls. Shoulda bought 100 outright.
ni decirp
That wouldn’t have worked too well today
needs more overlapping laws imo
You’re assuming you’d be consistently successful. Boy, how wrong you are... 

If you can prove me wrong, please do.
I just want the election to be over so we can market again.
Blue wave coming...
Dems bigly love to spend...
Stimy....Bigly

Industrials.... bigly

GREEN ENERGY... bigly

Tech... ROTATE OUT TO THE ABOVE SECTORS
Charmin
Ooooof that DKNG movement has me excited even though I know it will crater at open tomorrow
You keep saying “people”...it’s not the right. It’s just facts. Might hurt peoples feelings but that’s the goddamn truth.
JEB
If you could make 1-2% per day it wouldn’t matter how much you started with you’d be a millionaire within a year
That’s what I did today ... $2k up on $50k in spec Acct... .......... then like an idiot I KEPT TRADING 
so after furiously trying to do day job and etc 
I’m up a grand total of $12 ....  Jebus !!
Only if you’re poor
Safe bet
All
Better buckle up because the unrest from the election may last for months.
Well, I’m also on the internet so,...of course I take everything for 100% truth!!!
[deleted]
Bro how did you not know who she was? She caused an earthquake not too long ago.
$VXX
So any stable geniuses in here know the implications of the Yuan's IV skyrocketing?

https://twitter.com/DavidInglesTV/status/1323409056782929920?s=19
The nostalgia
Flat
Does he work at Wendy’s?
Why are you even here?
Its super simple - its the Trump administration trying to influence the election with positive markets.  As to what happens tomorrow thats anyones guess.
👍👍👍👍
Truer words have not been said
[deleted]
So this run was divorced from Trump...
Reduce costs
[removed]
[deleted]
Unironically rocket is about to 🚀
[deleted]
you must have missed the attacks on buses, highways, and bridges last weekend. lmao
Its a viable strategy compared to YOLO option, albeit less gain
Mango's breath
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** I sold puts, got assigned, didn't get all my shares.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmyffl
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmyffl) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/skrln, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
theoriginofstorms
BigZard
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
yes the question is how significant a dip and then how much would january calls really be affected given that is probably too much time for an inverse ETF. I'd prefer to bet on volatility instead personally but good luck.
Fake bread. 🥖
[deleted]
Lol I wish it was that simple
Why ARKK? The expense ratio is high for an ETF.
Who gives af whoever wins. Having to board up your city to prepare for whoever wins just shows how divided the nation is. Shouldn’t reach the point where people need to loot and vandalize businesses.
Adidas
Donnie lose = huge dump? Bearish
All in AMC
TIL that crime is illegal
I would have liked to seen Montana.
Low volume green, just like today. Fuck
NIO call holders we have made tremendous strides in our meaningless AH fluctuations
More downside than upside at this point. 

Way better priced China stocks available that will make bigger moves if Biden wins.
Election just has to fall during nofap November huh? Tensions will run high
You've never seen a Democrat in a statewide office for that long either
Wait...why?  Hurricane?  Dude, I hope you make it through ok, I’ve been through a few of those.
[deleted]
Calls on:  


Italian BMT in hearty italian bread, footlong.  Onions, peppers, jalapenos, lettuce.  Southwest chipotle and hot chilli sauce.  Would smash that rn ngl.
Not priced in
Volume
We’re the spy kids
ban
Are you kidding me lol
Scotchyscotchscotch...here it goes down...down into my belly...
Alright, I'm in.

20 calls January 21st at $55

7 calls January 21st at $50
i know it all along
Jared’s footlong
Crayons told em its gonna be sure shot red, so they bought <= 5dte puts. Its not working well till now.... till now...
you owe me 2 mins of your life
Tom Lee is a raging bull. My kinda guy
Amd
[deleted]
Thank you for your service.
Fuck yeah bois where we dropping
You’re a dumbass.

I mean, after you good sir.
that EOY dip was a crazy crash, I remember telling family about it
[deleted]
Whatever that bald headed dude's name was on tv that used to try unusual foods like cock roaches, scorpions, and monkey brains etc. He spit it back out an said durian was the nastiest thing he ever put in his mouth.
Goya canned black beans... is true. Look it up.
i could see weed stocks rallying tomorrow before election results but i wonder if people will sell even if biden wins.. NJ will legalize weed most likely so that’ll be good news
Futures have an expiration date to effect their value. SP500 is most likely the NAV of the combined assets in said product
Feels obvious that this market is being manipulated into oblivion around the election to trap retards, but I don't know who the retards are.

It's probably me.
U telling that urself?
Wait is this 100% of your portfolio
the key is to stop worrying about whether or not they like you, and to focus more on yourself by becoming a likable person
I don't know - I only see it as a possibility if Trump claims a victory.  I think there are more people than one would think willing to fight for democracy.
Agreed. What’s the point of this post even, lol? What’s there to fear about?
Finally a little moon mission begins!  I hope it holds!
[deleted]
Why buy a hand gun? Might as well buy a full auto MP5.
Rope 4 years 50c 11/24
[deleted]
What could go wrong?...🤔
+11.5% overall on the VXX positions at close. Lost ~25% of last weeks gains, but I'm not too worried... yet.

What are your strikes/exps?
Do you live in Chicago by chance?
How do you inverse “priced in” ?
confirmed.
Before the last couple of weeks yes. They are letting things slide for now apparently
If blue wave we won’t see a stimulus until February 2021...
I hear you. I got a shit ton of oil so that actually moved up nicely but I trimmed positions not taking nearly as much profit as I could later down the road but who the fuck knows what’s gonna happen between now and then. I needed capital to make sure my margin doesn’t get called in. Guh.
No need for crumple zones when you can launch yourself like a railgun and just go through objects in your path!
Interesting band
it literally was abnormal. How do you not understand this?
[deleted]
What stocks to invest in if Kanye wins?
Got Subway for dinner. Calls on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Best response gets Reddit Silver
Nah no way
DKNG 👀
paper ira account for sure . cmon mods why is this gay shit still up ban this homo sapien
How do you beat EPS but miss revenue so much. Looking at you SEDG
Damn all of you SPY put holders are in quite the mood today.
What are u retards expecting tomorrow 🤔
Who would last a week. 

Edit: had to re-read response because drunk.
Comes here to show off how retarded he is and wonders why hes down 28k. 

I bet he listened to some bulltard on here that said “yolo calls on tsla you cant go tits up” and immediately went tits up!

Winning!
ty. even better.
Good Nirvana album
Why not just fucking scalp FAANG stocks every day with $50k in capital and make 1-2% a day rather than be a dumbass and play options and lose it all?
That’s true. But in my opinion a February stimulus is already priced in. If Trump wins, he no longer has the urgency to get something out ASAP. If Biden wins then Trump definitely won’t do anything until he’s kicked out. Either way, a February time stimulus is what’s priced in rn. Remember, the stock marker bottomed in March and we didn’t get stimulus till June.
I’m fucked
Lysol
http://imgur.com/a/ozBsL3E

I best you to it with the same amount roughly
ask LUV2FUKXYZ
Should I abandon my snap puts?
this
What do you mean for no reason. Companies were crushing earnings because od the pandemic plus stimulus?
https://imgur.com/a/GHb21C1
I got December calls. I’m confident they will go up again but I’m pissed I didn’t sell when they were at $2.30 and then rebuy again
Nerd.
Your tears will tAste good tomorrow pussy 😘
I’m just here so I don’t get fined
Yeah last week we opened down almost 3% overnight...weird
I’ll max out my credit lines, take out a second mortgage and pimp out my future kids. You god damn bet your asses I will
Ugh all my positions suffered today.
Aha! Found the Russian spy. Security!
What is so special about SPY?
🔴
[deleted]
That’s why lol
i got banned for posting gay porn vids all over the place. never been banned for politics
Does a risk management degree make you poor and working at Wendy’s?
You got my vote.
Trump is just unstoppable sorry to break it to you, he will win the election and not much we can do about it
I finally realize how bears felt in April and June when we mooned for no reason over and over
I mean, Enphase was carrying my portfolio, but then SolarEdge completely shit the bed. So....
[removed]
WSB 340 open tomorrow gang gang fuck it why not
Fear propaganda
Stop being ugly
[deleted]
[removed]
don't have weak hands, AMD is an excellent long term hold, lisa will bring massive tendies
Dont take your username seriously bruv
Appreciate that!!
About to get a sweeeeet discount on aapl. I'll play it for iphone 12 earnings but nothing before that. When their news drops they have a tendency to drop in price
[deleted]
Guess my account is blown
Am I an idiot for opening a hedge today? Got a put spread (327/322) dated 11/13. Only $180 total seemed fair considering I've got 8k in calls
7pm I just saw someone post a list of closing times on Instagram
Fine
They can’t handle conservatives stealing their market and their bitches in the same month
And a gun or 4.
🙏🏽
yeah...it's abnormal.
I don't know who's going to win the election

I don't know what it means for markets if either of them win

So naturally I'm all in on a directional bet expiring this Friday
[deleted]
Fucking doomsday preper
I donno sounds like you’re being a snowflake though
I’m laying down in bed thinking what Ivanka’s pussy taste like 🥴

Update: just got a boner
Trump will, because he won't raise taxes for everyone. This will allow them to have more money to continue buying trash like Apple
virgin
Hope there's looting after the election; there's this portable juicer I've had my eye on for a while now.
Rocket, visa, Raytheon, leidos oversold bc graph looks that way and momentum looks like has turned around.

Depends how deep you want to go with TA because they can all say buy or sell depending on which you are looking at. Moving averages and momentum appear to be trending up now.
if that was true, how are you here lmao
Let me guess, TD Ameritrade?
Been telling my close family the same thing.
trading on DMT for dummies
to be fair a half eaten burger there is 2 meals. and 25 dollars
People who doubled down on puts Friday:

How you feeling now?
Imagine not selling calls at the top this morning for 3100 and by end of day you close them for 900. get fucking raped gamblers. see you tomorrow 🤗
Stay safe bro.
No but a drawn-out contested election means no decisions are made, no discussion of stimulus, etc. until sometime early next year potentially. The longer we go the next 3 - 4 months without stimulus, the more small businesses fail, the more households living day-to-day unemployed are strained, etc. All has negative consequences on economy and spending
It’s a 2% move... nothing that crazy idiot
Don’t dream it, live it
What do we think CGC will hit by end of week
You took a logical decision
Would be hilarious
crude oil making a nice recovery
Only when it's a cybertruck
Civil unrest, riots maybe. Civil war? You think Wisconsin national guard is finally gonna have it out with Illinois?
I don’t support trump but stock market wise ..it’s the only hope for another crazy bull run
"I'm actually pretty smart" lol right, but seriously keep your political bullshit out of wsb. I dont give a shit who wins, but you trump supporters are fucking annoying. We get it bro, you're in a cult, cool. Now shut the fuck up.
Can confirm. Got 15 day ban for making pro 🥭 comments.
Same, my story is 8k—> 10k—$10
Who gives a fuck?
the fuck is that monstrosity?

looks like a way for you kitchen to aggregate data on you.....and sell it
lol...k
Free TVs is where it's at my dude
Closed borders making it hard on us all :p
ergo?
Puts on Biden
Not a bad idea.
I’m trying to sleep tonight satan
My bot actually scrapes option data from every comment. Maybe we can join forces?
Stopped reading as soon as you said BA has “solid fundamentals”
Starting to wonder if today’s pump was just one big dead cat bounce. I exited a few profitable positions today just in case but I sure hope we rip again tomorrow. Wednesday is the day of reckoning.
They are really milking this virtual conference during COVID thing lol.
If you haven't already, this is a reminder.

You should have 3-4 weeks of supplies handy. Make sure you have the essentials. Food, water, med kit, and warm clothing. Also toiletries, radio, and batteries. Don't forget the pets!

We may face a challenge most Americans have never experienced. Be prepared, remain calm, and strong. And God Bless America.
What a liar :)
Texas...in my 29 years never been contacted. And have never talked to one of my friends that have.
Does anybody get banned for politics unless they're being assholes about it?
But to answer your question I could use some addy, or coke
I simply say “none of your business”
Stocks down, will they rise again? More at 8.
Most people do due to backlash and violence against conservatives lately. One poll who is renowned for being very accurate don't take their numbers from asking the person who they vote for but who they think their friends will vote for
My hope is that they at least pass the $1200 stimulus checks, then continue to “negotiate.” It’s never going to happen, but I can dream.
Yo invite a friend to Robinhood. That’s what the fridge is telling you to do ;)
SEDG...


F
I bought it
r/pussybitchbets
Rock hard on Gyna 🍆
Yeah I've been there.
Panic sold CRSR only to see it up 8% AH, fucking hell
Lol think about that one my man
I’m down $800 on the day being a fucking bull, but yes go on
People actually get banned for politics here? I thought it was just a joke.
Don’t be so sure
Lol so many lib retards on here am I one of only few conservative retards on here? Lol don’t get butthurt libs I still like y’all.
Dude I'm in for free parking
fences going up, cities boarding up. are we in the fckn Purge?
[deleted]
florida reports pretty much right after polls close and if it's a biden blowout it's pretty much over.  that would be so anticlimactic.  

i think polls close in florida at 8pm eastern time?
You probably live in a deep blue or red state
[deleted]
I don't have diamond hands, but they are getting tougher.  They were paper mache hands, now they're carboard hands.  Next stop, wood hands!
[deleted]
I skipped the whole thing and scrolled down to the comments
Jeez, I just made a silly comment that doesn't dig at you anyway, why you gotta be a dick?  
Dick.
You don’t get to be a Senator from Delaware for 40 years without being in the pocket of the credit card companies. Look at the return address for all the credit card crap you get in the mail, all Delaware. Sleepy will be returning favors to the hands that feed him.
Saggy balls and a pleasant disposition?
yes
I dress up supporting the party I'm not voting for.
I think we are close to a vaccine than anyone things. This wave will be the last wave in cases but will be least deadly imo
We thought THAT was volatility lol
literally zero chance of that.
I can’t wait for them to remove tax deductions because they benefit the rich more, add taxes to all trades, and increase capital gains 😍 will be amazing for my portfolio
People just think something fuggin’ crazy is going to happen. Not necessarily down. Craziest of all, no direction at all & volatility crush.
flair checks out
Trade talks still going well
No I mean.. I'll vote.. that's my move tomorrow

.... Maybe you shouldn't vote
[removed]
Agreed. It's the easiest purchase ever.
If we get any significant dip this week, i would make some good gains, no?
tsla is one of the most profitable stocks ever to exist. its not elons fault you're a complete retard
Bear r FUK
Depends if it breaks support or not, at least another 10% if it breaks support
Yeah? Point out in that sentence where you think that information is please. Or is English not your first language? If it’s not you get a pass. But those words, in that order, don’t mean what you are saying they do.
imagine pre-ordering a cyber punk truck that looks like it's from 2080 and getting a fucking ford f69
Trump
[deleted]
The post-economy economy saved me.
Praying for AMZN $2800
Imagine opening at 340 I’d die
Can't wait for the election! My car fits perfectly through the bay door at target.
Idk man this is my first election where I’m eligible to vote and it’s felt like a full time job
Because no-one here actually makes money
Ticket stub bro
Tariffs are coming
I have 50% of a position in amazon - will get the other 50% if it breaks support hard, if not will live my best life with 50%
let's put it another way,  i've been alive for 10 presidential elections.  i don't remember civil war ever being on the table.  and futures are up? no way.  thats the us government buying futures which is clearly illegal.  can things get any more bizarre?
Something something something sector rotation something
Just changed it my bad.
Never been contacted by a “pollster” and don’t know anyone that has been...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why bears sound so mad. I thought it was all fun and game
How much lower do you think it's going to go?
They wanna go below 100
I have that
reeeeeee

post
it was, i bought august 2019 for 220 a share or 44$ a share now after the split
>Can you help me see what is missing here?  
  
>  
>Bought TAN 50c = 6.80 (Paid Premium of $680)  
  
>  
>Option #1 Sell Option  
>  
>Current Value of Option = $22.50 ($2,210.00)  
>  
>Total Return = 2,210.00 - $680 = $1,530.00  
>  
>**P/L = 1,530.00 - 680 = $850**  
  
>  
>Option #2 Exercise Option  
>  
>Purchase shares: 100 x 50 = 5,000  
>  
>Sell shares at current price: 100 x 70.15 = 7,015  
>  
>Intrinsic value = 7,015 - 5,000  
>  
>**P/L = 2,015 - $680 = $1,335**
Panic sell calls or panic buy puts? Yolo’d on pypl 200c
Source:  trust me bro!  LOL
>Can you help me see what is missing here?  
  
>  
>Bought TAN 50c = 6.80 (Paid Premium of $680)  
  
>  
>Option #1 Sell Option  
>  
>Current Value of Option = $22.50 ($2,210.00)  
>  
>Total Return = 2,210.00 - $680 = $1,530.00  
>  
>**P/L = 1,530.00 - 680 = $850**  
  
>  
>Option #2 Exercise Option  
>  
>Purchase shares: 100 x 50 = 5,000  
>  
>Sell shares at current price: 100 x 70.15 = 7,015  
>  
>Intrinsic value = 7,015 - 5,000  
>  
>**P/L = 2,015 - $680 = $1,335**
This. Bet OP’s actually broke and is just being a dick
By thinking anything I touch would turn into gold - boy was I wrong... lesson learned tho. Small good decisions from now on and always inverse these degenerate WSBs.
KK would become the First Ho of these United States.
“to like me”, “for a friend”. Math checks out yo
Agree..I don’t see the banks idea. And I don’t see the pot idea in the short term either. I don’t buy weeklies usually but I think there has to be some sector that is a good weekly/monthly buy depending on winner of election
Why does your friend want women under 65 to like you?
Tim Apple getting on his hands and knees and apologizing for fucking up earnings.
No risk of it getting margin called at 20$ ? If not that sounds like a good deal tbf. Does margin decay / increase in cost over time?
hentai
OG WSB check: Who remembers "Tariff Man" circa 2018?
new MacBooks with apple made chips in them, I don't know if it's going to move the stock much
Does anyone else lie to pollsters
[removed]
Anyone got some TA? always curious
Trump needs 3 more years in office to pass the statute of limitations on 2016, and people think he’s going quietly into the night. Bring on the (market) chaos.
JoJo
Yea I’m trying to not be a statistic lol
Damn imagine being this cool
Is this how TA is made?
Money
[deleted]
Southeast AK. Think Tongass National Forest. And yeah, lots of bears
I've been built like a dearly departed husband since I was 19.
I'm not the one freaking out about an election ya pussy.
Election
You attacka anda destroya my refrigerator....
Damn... I thought that “lady on the beach” part was going somewhere else... flair checks out
and then he woke up
tomorrow will absolutely be green

the rest of the week will depends on the outcome
If u r in a hole.  Step 1 is to stop digging.
I think I like money
"TRUST IN THE PLAN"
How about peaceful protests?
Yup I have $10,000 of margin in it lol
It’s a definite L if you text her again. Just let it go unless she texts first
Don’t worry you didn’t fuck up, Chad just told her his flight was canceled so he had an hour or so to kill.
He never said he won't leave office, it was msm bullshit. There's so many lies out there about him when you start looking for yourself
All the businesses being boarded up is reminding me of when people said the joker was going to inspire mass shooting lol
BABA don’t care about no erection
Thats what they said about musk...
Who will pump Apple more, trump or Biden, up vote for Biden, comment for trump. Dead ass gonna let WSB vote for me rn. I’m in the poll booth.
See ya summer time in the 7 figures club bro
What time is your "closing price?" Sometimes there's a 4 vs 415 vs 430 timing issue. 

Other than that, there's also the fact one is a future and you might then be looking at the index/ETF which have slight price adjustments.
what happened with paypal?

is this good situation for entry with long stocks?
Alan Greenspan secretly had a printer in his garage so he could work at night and on weekends.
dude its a badge of honor. own that
Guys how do I get women under the age of 65 to like me? Asking for a friend
Yeah for sure.
[deleted]
Aurora cannabis
For sure
Still, fuck you
It doesn’t take a whole lot of time to look into the candidates and their policies
I love this approach.

Lost about 25% of my account this way, but the education I got...priceless...
She probably felt like a pedo when you used 14 year old's slang
Any idea what’s the deal w this Aapl event?
what's stopping you from yoloing spy calls now?
Well ditch the flair then.
crazy vol on vxx puts today

vxx about to moon
Lost on SLV and left the clang gang. banks were supposedly manipulating prices.
A large enough solar array(overkill big time) could provide enough electricity, which solves it all
Remember gang, riots are bullish
what does that have to do with anything? This market needs Trump AND the Senate.
Pennsylvania and Michigan warn of election result delays.

https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-election-2020/trump-biden-election-2020-pennsylvania-voting-b1537842.html
Totally agree
Doesn't just suddenly become profitable cause it's a at a number
Very doable, but it will depend on the vibe and budget you are going for. You could easily do one in the Southwest
to maximize your solar potential but might not get match your aesthetic.
Sell puts.  Best of both worlds
Tell her you can be over in 30 min. Not by text. Call.

Calls on your virginity.
Just dropped 2k on Donnie via predictit
some people just push harder when this happens because they feel slighted
[removed]
If only we knew about this election literally years in advance.
If i made 12k i would definitely cash out 5k and hit my fav casino 🎰
Clearly it's not the same, it has historically been people and banks pumping capital into equities to artificially inflate the price, not the government. The government at least has good intentions, it seems.
Really though, how the fuck did you take an out of focus screen shot ?
Puts on you
[deleted]
No teeth head>
👍
Stop reading price, start reading charts. The split didnt make tesla cheaper, it only increased the float, which is a negative thing because more float, less flexibility to make extended moves like pre split. Who knows your diamond hands can pay off after another massive bull run comes after Trump is reelected
I mean we’re already down 15% from ATH, gotta be careful how low you wanna risk it
TRUMP  2020 ASSHOLES
I see. I got 8 contracts with a strike of 25 expiring on November 27. Made about 2500 in cash on it. If I get assigned I'll wheel it.
Appreciate it brother!
That article has nothing to do with Covid.  Calls on linezolid though?
Septic tanks exist...
I think there's always been a zero percent chance of more stim until January. The "talks going well" went out of style months ago.
Because it is Investing.com
I feel the pain in his "Hahaa"
No, it doesn’t. You have no idea how many of those are hedges. 

If you keep basing your trading decision off of that, you’re going to lose all your money. If you have any left, that is.
That's why I been steady sellin' options
dang bruh chill
Pappy Musk should have released his bulletproof, street-legal tank *before* the civil war.  Biznus 101
You think well
Heads up.  That's where poop comes from.
I'm waiting till we know the winner. No point trying to guess who will win. If Biden wins, I'm betting on weed, healthcare stocks, etc. If Trump wins, I buy oil stocks, airlines, banks, etc.
who tf keeps trying to take down the good posts, but the reposts still rise to the top
Thanks, no ones told me yet.
for sure, cutting them out of your life would work
My expected move is (+100, +1100) range. There's no binary move. Just how big of an up move.
[deleted]
Women over 65 love me
North woods of maine.
Montana

Berkshires. Poconos.
The fact that you think that is why you have no idea what you’re getting into. Solar can’t handle all of that.
Civil war? Lol. Come on. Big cities vs rural areas? That’d last a week.
Ooh yes, love to hear it.
Hopefully on 🥭
[deleted]
More leverage
>What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, November 03, 2020

Vote
CIA people so weird drugs since they can’t smoke weed
>Imagine Bill Ackman doing a AMA session here. What would you ask him?

If you could be Reel Flackman or Meal Tackman what would you be?
lol imagine losing money today
[deleted]
Just watched a video saying a contested election might already be priced in
Imagine if TSLA was ever $50, I’d actually take out a 200k loan
https://youtu.be/q6EoRBvdVPQ
Still down like $1600. This should be fun if everything recovers.
Yeah man how DUMB of him to not do what everyone else is telling him to do on the internet. Thinking for himself, so stupid
What area? Mainland near Aleutians? What about bears bro
tried it

just felt worse because i'm acting like i'm not bothered when in fact i am

no one to blame but myself in that
Never bet against a sicilian with death on the line!
Doubling down on PYPL
Can someone explain why futures never match the close price in the first couple of hours? 

The SP500 closed at 3,310 but [Investing.com](https://Investing.com) futures are showing +.18% at 3,309.

Why is it using 3,303 as the "opening price", and why does it always take a couple hours for it to "adjust" to the actual close price for the day?
Does your personality have to entirely baes on your car?
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Election YOLO

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmwa4a
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmwa4a) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/chL41, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Tomatost
micmck
rentmypie
billwhiz
JrMonkey15184
Breadfruit_Choice
havoc-weasel
freezinak
Jack-Skinne
SQ already drilled what are you smoking?
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
>How do you even lose more than 100%?

You must be new here. 😂
Even if he wins....what do you think he'll be like when he DOESN'T have to think about reelection?  Tweets are gonna get lit!
Can Decemeber come already? I want to yolo spy calls and make guac
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
USO   29.0|0.62|0.67|0.41|-0.05|50.558%


USO 29.0C 2020-12-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gay8qyj&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Kanye
I wonder if people will burn a cop car in front of my apartment building again if Trump wins. You don’t need a TV when you have balcony nonsense to watch, beers to drink, and weed to smoke.
All FANGMAN+T earnings were such a big deal. All wondered: What’s going to happen? Well, all had big moves, yet all within their expected ranges. How does this coincide with tomorrow? Everyone expects the markets to full on moon/drill. How about neither? Expected move for /NQ +-500
Did you not charge your phone to maintain the RED mojo ?
It won't. Your puts will expire worthless my friend.
inb4 literally everyone posts blatant political opinions and the mods do fucking nothing, yet I have this stupid fucking flair for saying "trump is late to his press conference, again" one time. 


Puts on mod iq
Copper is one of the main components of Brass, ie bullet casing. This dude is getting ready for Civil War II.
[deleted]
check out that name tag
Fuck no, I shorted VIX and everyone assumed my demise
Before election week goes down I wanted to remind you all of something: bears make money, bulls make money, but pigs get slaughtered.

Now go out there and make as much money as possible. I believe in each and every single one of you beautiful autists.

$USO 12/4 29c 23p
Wait what
What election?
He bought?
Only thing you can price in are probabilities. By definition they both can’t be priced in.
What? You’re delusional if you think it’s easy to be a bull RN
I live in SE AK and it's exactly what you're describing.
I’m at the polls voting Rn , who is better for my Apple 2022 leaps? Biden or trump?
Since every single person thinks its going down for the election due to instability. Means it’s going up.
"Why are you such a piece of shit?"
Eh fuck it. Either my gambles pay out or I lose all my money. Still got plenty of time til expiration. This market is a joke and if I wasn’t a broke degenerate gambler I wouldn’t be here messing with it at all
Retard sells puts, collects 100% premium, thinks something is wrong. Never change WSB.
Came here just to say Fuck you!!! And very much congratulations.
Selling calls against my cgc and cron shares if biden wins.  Going to run up bigly.  32 and 12 bucks
Lesson: Dont over pay for $tsla calls
>Got a lot in AMZN on this post-earnings dump

Bold of you to assume the dump has happened rather than just begun
SQ prediction: PYPL drilled so SQ gonna follow. No, thats what MMs wants you to think, so inverse. But thats so obvious now. So, puts... no calls... puts... calls... staahhppppppppp
[deleted]
thats the most likely scenario lol
Samesies. Going to long date the shit out of those calls though
Positions?
This is the way
Why credit cards? They’re taking a beating with everything shut down, and Biden will implement a national curfew in 2021 to satisfy his commie backers.
Montana is great this time 0f the year
so orangey is threatened governors today with physical violence, clearly a serious crime, ya'll think the markets will go up if Trump wins?
Yeah. I saw big call flows coming in for 11/20 and after on PYPL since last week and wanted to get some cheap shares to be safw
By yoloing it all into the next weekly calls i guess
Think that was a meme, don't think anyone knows. I remember people saying stripe and airbnb but not convinced its either of them (espc not airbnb)
Ahh you noticed it nigga
Care reddit is banning for that word man

Electricity can handle all of that
Pro tip: don't celebrate a < 0.25% move in less than an hour of the market being open.
Amen fellow bull
Got $1000+ in PredictIt. Hoping it’ll print me some tendies to fund my options addiction.

Edit:
🥭 at EV Margin at 30-59 or 60-99. Then battleground states: FL, PA, AZ, GA, & IA
Don’t know what meds you need. Nobody is talking about today, obviously.
Trade war incoming lol
Honestly the only thing I see tanking the market in the near future is Trump losing and refusing to pass any stimulus before he’s out. He’s not going to go out gracefully.
They are like around -0.8 correlated historically (so fairly strong negative correlation) but during events this breaks down a lot. Other than that, they don't even track the same products.
Losing 100% money and leaving nothing in my will
Wow thats insane how can one possibly lose it all as you added
Triggered
It can’t be this fucking easy being a bull right now. Last time that happened there was a huge free fall remember
99.9% of Alaska
There is always more pain in losing than joy in winning. Charlie Sheen taught me this.
Brother just told me he is positive for China virus, I haven’t seen them in seven days am I dead
What you’re saying is not new information. And if what you said happens, to what extent will it affect stocks? Will it reduce growth like the lockdown did? Will civil unrest cause a dramatic reduction in spending?
Tesl to 270 ill buy 300 more shares
Got a lot in AMZN on this post-earnings dump
That's not a M recovery, that's the bat signal.
Why didn’t you sell at the top ? Sn 🤣
I got two gifts today. Neighbor of my rental property made me sugar cookies and another lady I see on the beach every day gave me a tumbler with a French bulldog on it. People love me I am a man of the people. CASHFLOW_ 2024!!
Trump because volatility is an option traders best friend.
Ya my girlfriends dad just walked in to see his daughter with a mouth full of cock and I don’t know what to do but hey made good money off my PayPal calls today
Recycled water + rainwater
“literally” pumping
ES setting up for a triple top on the 1h
kinda tempting.....
[deleted]
You are such a retard.

Gas, electric, plumbing, etc. Where does that fit in ‘off the grid’?

Your question is so irritating you have no idea what you’re getting into.
This just feels ominous. Tomorrow something big will happen. 🔮
Don't know how to word it any more clearly
[deleted]
why tf wouldnt you buy shares their floor is 20$
cannabis and solar was hot last night though
not the smart bears who bought calls and shares for now, only the fake bears
What more do you expect from a drummer?
88.88 is a very lucky number in Chinese culture and it represents good fortune lol, you will get it back!
Last night, futures started red and we went big green.

Tonight, futures started green. So, we'll go big red.


This is basic math and science retards
Is it still rumored to be Bloomberg or nah?... haven’t kept up.
Waters also a  big concern bro
True, I think Trump will win.
Yes its free money so easy.
F
[deleted]
Its tempting, other than being fucking impatient and it could be like a year to pay off, it does feel like a no brainer really
At least take the film off you filthy savage!
incorrect, it provides sentiment
Can’t wait to buy a shit ton of OTM calls when Amazon drops to $2500, Tesla to $269, Apple to $80 and PayPal to $150. We gonna be rich boys
[deleted]
Not so fast
100% chance my kids won't get any money from my will
NH
all this would do is convince me that max pain theory is real. I've already thought of this and will make plays accordingly if this what the week does.
Who hurt ya?
Butter fingers
You are doing excellent.
Take a look bud  
[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/27/pfizers-late-stage-coronavirus-vaccine-trial-is-near-complete-enrollment-with-42000-volunteers.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/27/pfizers-late-stage-coronavirus-vaccine-trial-is-near-complete-enrollment-with-42000-volunteers.html)
Red states pay less in tax and take back more in government welfare than blue states.
I guarantee you there are but no one will tell you where so they don’t ruin it for themselves. Source I’m doing it to you now
Yup.   Will b 3400 by end of month
Nio made this run under 100% increase in sales since last year, which happened to have a man in the office
Yeah I don’t get the finance hate..
Eat ass
Watching all the bear memes age badly.
My VIXY call should print tomorrow. Already down like 30% so I’m really hoping shit gets cray
If Biden wins oil is going down. He announced plans for moving towards EV and clean energy.
[removed]
northeastern corner of alaska
No sale disclosure yet

Edit: One fund bought 150,000 and another sold the same amount. I guess we're even.
Somewhere in the forests of Oregon ?
[removed]
How did it feel when Carl Ichan fucked you raw on national television?
Godspeed retard
[removed]
You realize Trump is in office until the end of the year right?
lol trading setups bud
does vxx usually go up/down by the same percentage that spy goes down/up? which percentage is usually higher? is there a system where one can get same amounts of calls/puts on both and always make money?
Did you get those 1 litre ones? They do massive ones for some reason in venice...them and a diavola pizza ah man. I miss that shit.
divorce them
Everyone with decent size left or positioned themselves last week. Now, any retard with 1K can move the futures
It’s not a bull trap if they have to wait 12 hours to trap you
wtf, this dude does know what the fuking he is talking about

you will lose all of your money dude
I declare bankruptcy!
Yeah it’s a legit miracle tbh, mods must be asleep
Lol. That was me on Friday
Here’s some facts I’m sure you’ll ignore showing how much tax per capita was paid by each state listed:


Connecticut residents paid an average of $15,643 per person in federal taxes in 2015, according to a report by the Rockefeller Institute of Government. Massachusetts paid $13,582 per person, New Jersey paid $13,137 and New York paid $12,820.

California residents paid an average of $10,510.

At the other end, Mississippi residents paid an average of $5,740 per person, while West Virginia paid $6,349, Kentucky paid $6,626 and South Carolina paid $6,665.




And here’s some more facts you’ll ignore regarding how much federal $ each state received per dollar they paid in as tax:



Mississippi received $2.13 for every tax dollar the state sent to Washington in 2015, according to the Rockefeller study. West Virginia received $2.07, Kentucky got $1.90 and South Carolina got $1.71.

Meanwhile, New Jersey received 74 cents in federal spending for tax every dollar the state sent to Washington. New York received 81 cents, Connecticut received 82 cents and Massachusetts received 83 cents.
If that’s the case I’m sure the CIA could hook them up with some pretty good stuff for much cheaper
Yo, I asked this in r/ travel (see profile) but they’re mega 🌈 and deleted it. If anyone here could give me insight, even though it is slightly off-topic, I would be greatly appreciative:

I am curious if there are (1) very remote, (2) isolated, but (3) absolutely gorgeous areas of the United States that would be great to build a cabin on. For context, I think solar and starlink are 100% going to make completely off grid luxury habitations possible in the future… And as a thought experiment I thought it would be cool to gauge the possibility of creating a sort of ultra remote pod where I could work for 3-4 weeks at a time and really have a sort of solitude.
Cry
I support anyone doing whatever but I'll be honest I don't understand this one.
bears about to take another L hate to see it
why Bill and not Will?
Tom Lee is an idiot
My oh my, look what we have here😈
New Slaves
Futures looking like the high heavens. Lord amen. Aloha snackbar
Please be true. I'm holding 400 @ $18
this is the play my man
Time to yolo on some Q1 2021 calls.  Winters gonna clean up
Way more than that. This market is whatever the MM want it to be and we either get lucky or lose big
Okay okay, picture this... “a happy life”
Good luck even finding anything in stock.  Even my odd commie calibers are difficult to come across right now.

Edit: I'm referring to ammo, not firearms. Guns are abundant, if overpriced.  762 Soviet steel case is through the roof, and I cant even find 762 Tokarev.
Thank you.    Can we get an After photo?
If they're up another couple hundred per cent tomorrow I might sell. If not I'll probably hold through the election.
Mission failed, we'll get em next time
He sold?
[deleted]
Neither Biden nor Trump gonna legalize shit but the investors fall for it every election 🤣🤣
Fist on chest no fear
[deleted]
Imagine Bill Ackman doing a AMA session here. What would you ask him?
I feel bad for those idiots dumping Amazon last few days.
Sounds like 2 contracts didn’t get exercised.
I agree with the first two lines. But, mist likely it won't touch 40 in two weeks. Disclaimer: I have sold a few covered calls for 38 and 40.
Markets: If we just make it to the election and it's not a complete shitshow, everything will be ok.

Covid: Oh yeah, you think November will be easy?
Ask the lawyer to give you a personal loan for $2k so you can pay him for filing bankruptcy.
Just delete the app
Does your smart fridge tell you when you’re running low on tendies?
Can’t believe I just got banned from the options trading forum wallstreetbets because I let a mods girlfriend lick my PP
Hertz now trading under $HTZGQ

The stock jumped today 27%

All in tomorrow
Hahahaha not me 🤓
same but i need my crack
Same green as fuck 100% guaranteed
Somehow the most volatile market ever is gonna be flatter than ever, on the most volatile week ever
Buy a ton of KAR calls and totally get off.
Then why bother to buy copper instead of just buying TSLA calls?
In the future nobody should ever doubt what the market is capable of. We’ve been through the weirdest and toughest year of our generation and this MFer still mooning
I sold a 111p last week when premiums were juicy and got assigned, yeah def would have preferred that 107.5 but Oh well.
CGC calls right here
Will be the same. They suspended since to comply with the CDC guidance, which was put forth by the cruise companies, they’ll have to run all these trials/White runs on skeleton crews, volunteer passenger and that will take a couple of months
people are delusional if they think markets are gonna continue this runup to ATH's during a second lockdown with no catalysts. 

I'm not gonna try and convince anyone though. more puts for me.
Today was the last day you could have bought CRSR below $24

I sold a bunch of puts like a retard, I should have just grabbed shares at 22.5 🤦‍♂️
WEED STONKS. ALL IN CALLS TOMORROW
Damn!
Trump because volatility means more options tendies
Election already priced in?
Hopefully another 10%
Fucking Nikola ruined all the Spacs. It was a nice little gravy train on almost every single one until the fraud shit.
Wrong Biden ran
Trump cuz Biden gonna lockdown the entire country and fuck the economy for his entire presidency.

Also I don’t want to be taxed to shit on my CG
Stop, you're gonna make me cum
Literally tomorrow is going to pump, come back to this comment tomorrow. I’m 100% sure we will be green
Is it just me or is eating ass becoming as normal as a blowjob?
I would’ve been up a lot more now if I just invested in stocks and not options trading
Yo
Stop trying to make me lose more money than I already lose on my own
Nice, thx for the heads up 👍
Dude I drank so many when I went to Italy. Peroni and pizza was my fucking shit
[removed]
Spy 6000 eoy & everyone gets gold chains
Still got 3k retard. Job not finished.
It’s his burner so his wife’s boyfriend doesn’t catch him
Where would you recommend my gtc be at? Just curious
It’s gonna go even lower. JPM killed SQ
I prefer the GE models for trading. They mesh better with RHs software.
NIO made this run under Trump
Coulda just bought the 100 shares at 107.50 today so there's some opportunity cost. But if you wanted to sell a call, I guess 114 is fine.
Trump for sure
Amazing. My ass shoulda gone into debt chasing NIO. Holding a tiny stack from when it was $6
If they release this as the redesign I place my preorder.
If Biden wins, trumps gunna throw a huge fit and tweet out that he is tanking the markets because of the corrupt media
My two fav Zhongguo stocks
[removed]
some people like getting fucked slowly other like it fast
Oh for sure, a Trump win or even a drawn out election and puts might print instead. I just think the risk reward is there, could easily be a five-bagger.
Come on VIX do your thing. K thanks 👍🏻
Better yet, buy Funko calls for this weeks earnings and watch it moon 🚀 🌙
bill ackmans spac. largest spac
Bernie dropped out of the race when he was found in a compromising position with the ok boomer girl. Bidet is sleeping
just ignore them
Nasdaq will be at 12,000 by end of the month
I don’t get what bulls are so cocky about rn, because green futes at 6:30? We’ve traded bigly flat for two months and have been drilling past two weeks, tech earnings was a shit fire, relative to other markets were the most overvalued, you get two power hour pumps and a few dead cat bounces and you think we’re out of the woods?
10K in PSTH, another 10K in roth and thinking of going all in as well
With new lockdowns on the horizon and work from home likely extended for all of 2021, clearly the only direction left to go for oil is up!
95
Banks and credit cards
More of a joke on how you can go broke being theta gang but I hear you
Yes
Same could be said for baba tho. Earnins on the 5th
I went to a state party school and work at a big bank in a major city and had many classmates go to Goldman, Citi, BOA, JPM. Depends on how much work you put in lol
No, it’s not. TA doesn’t  increase your odds at all lmao
It was well over $6500 at one point, but greedy-ass me wanted a 100x return 🤦🏻‍♂️ lol
I’m in debt
it is a stonk
Just pretend they’re in control, but you know who really is
say it louder for the people in the back
It worked great last week.

What kind of smooth brained fucking moron saw the prices on SPY options expiring this week/next and thought they should buy puts?
Biden because more stability
Jd has been consolidating for weeks. Earnings on the 13. Imo bout to take off
[removed]
I couldn't imagine being so retarded. And I'm on the drill team.
We might come down to 330 but no lower unless the election is even more insane than they are pricing in
He’s called everything right since March
Started the wheel last week with an Aapl assignment with a 109.70 cost basis. Today sold a 114 CC weekly near the peak for ~$150 premium which I was excited about, Hoping my shares don’t get called away but if they do I still win.

How am I doing so far theta boys?  Any constructive comments or criticism?
20% skill
I’m down 21 percent in my 3/19/21 calls. Probably should have just bought shares
Futures literally heading to the fifth fucking dimension right now bruh.... I need to see at least -0.5%
Except it tanked like almost 10% from just a few weeks ago.
CRSR?! NANI? I'm loving this
Baghold Tan weekly through tmrw😣? Didn’t want to play election but here I am ...
i remember when they said that this would be the largest shift in money - thought it was going from boomers to the new generation. 

evidently i was wrong - just money from the poor traders to the wealthy. you can have you stimulus check back.
Version 1 of TV fridge was absolutely 10k. Also for a sub zero that wasn’t meant for plebs you’re looking more like 17k
[deleted]
fck pypl dragged Sq down too.. sq is already making lows everyday ok? 🙄
Let’s do it
They were smoking to prepare themselves for defeat
Ok bear
Yea pissed me off this morning trying to buy 0DTE
My 235 calls are dead on PayPal but my 172 OTM puts are gonna be happy and a net positive lol
Speaking as a personal voter, would YOU feel more comfortable investing into options/stocks if we get a Trump win or Biden win?
Election uncertainty already priced in
So you mean go with wsb??
Shorting the VIX tomorrow at close, wish me luck!
Yup.

Especially after a 5% week and 8% 2 week period
Good job buying after it ran up 4% in a day
Bought some ABBV shares today. Expect to sell you mad lads some call options soon.
I plan to be ignorant and disrespectful tomorrow, as is tradition
Literally the opposite of what you said is true. No fucking reason to be red. Market doesnt magically go down cause you think it makes sense.
Where's the all time?
Yo there any mother fucking C H A D B U L L S out here tonight?
So they're going to prop up futures then dump the fuck out of the Universe tomorrow at 3:55 pm
Pot
Don't ever ask me to housesit because this would be exactly what I would do.
Y’all are dumb af. 
Futures bull trapping the fck out of you
✊ bull gang
Let’s say in a perfect world where option premiums were equally priced and that roulette/options both had a 50:50 chance to win/lose.... 

Buying puts would yield more wins than calls... considering last weeks bull shit

***edit*** for this weeks earnings
What is PSTH
I’m really hoping for the civil war. My trades are shit but my absolute willingness to kill and eat people has me long on myself during the collapse of civilization.
what cramer said, everyone who wanted to sell sold already
One of the most controversial elections an the markets like LeTs RiP
[deleted]
Your sister
Any advice on aphiria? Would it be a buy at $5 ?
Your puts are already bleeding. When will you learn?
How do you lose MORE than 100%?
im glad this post didnt get delete like mine
So was energy and pot up because the market is starting to price in a Biden victory?
Why not? Selling already happened. Were you following markets last week?

Baby green at best. No real reason to be red. The default state of the market is a moderate grind higher.
“This market makes no sense” 

Remarkable to hear the call of the WSB bear cub  in the wild.
Unless you are at a top 10 private or public school or Ivy finance is a dumb idea.
I bought puts today, sold them a bit later, doubled my money :)
What can we count on bouncing if Biden wins, other than EV? And hat if trump wins? I feel like nobody can predict what will happen regardless of the winner
[deleted]
Trumps priced in
Just hold out on those options. It could balloon in that period. Just keep a GTC on each in case you forget to make sure you don’t end up in the loss post section.
looks like you have just just enough left for a gallon of milk
Anyone tempted to all in on PSTH and just leave it until the big announcement and the inevitable 2-3x you will receive?
how do you guys deal with people that are always trying to control you?

you know the type. they keep trying to boss you around even without authority
Up 90K in 3 weeks. Was down 75K in the 3 months prior though (I lean bearish, which hurt tremendously in August)
Cute and sexy?? More like reeeetarded and autistic 😂
LMAO at bidet
I’m going to inverse this
How low can PYPL go? Thinking of buying some shares
Do liberal arts degree make money?
You too friend, have fun
damn thats insane
exactly!
Yup, I don’t really see them with all this shit shut down though
VW is the biggest employer in Germany. You can be sure as fuck that if shit hits the fan, it will have the German government behind it, just like the PRC bailed out NIO. NIO is the only company with chinese govt backing? Please. What about Geely, or BYD, or the dozen other regional manufacturers? You think none of them have the PLA or other government entities behind them?
Not binary. Binary implies it has a shot at going down. Stocks only go up.
Checked my horoscope. 

Red by morning 🩸🩸
Bluewhisper has best production

Lune Innate does the most for me though

Out of the most popular ones, I would say Gibi

Palegea hottest though
Pulling out is an option, one not so preferable

I overdosed on yack, now I’m a vegetable

But before I croaked, I had one last request

I could use a bitch, with double d’s on her chest
Give up already lulz
it's a very stupid idea. sqqq as an inverse ETF is designed to go down over time with short bursts of slight upward movement but then resume going down and further down. it's reverse split all the time zoom out the chart if you don't believe me
My official election prediction is that Goldman Sachs will make a clean sweep 🧹
why you complain? that is good for you. The owner of those 2 contracts decided to not exercise them at expiry. You can buy the shares cheaper instead.. the premium is yours in any case.
Lmao John Bidet
seems risky. how long are you holding ?
I could see this
Degree doesn't matter. Cash in bank does
I think if Spy really is going to drop Wednesday & Thursday will be that time. Keep a eye on UUP it’s a good snitch on the Spy. 

I’ve never played NIO but maybe a few month out calls will be a good idea with all there positive news. 

Good luck brother and follow the trends
[deleted]
Thanks man. May you have lots of tendies in your future
Can I? I mean...I'm a bull
My NIO calls that I’m gonna purchase tomorrow approve of this
Fidelity really making me deposit a million just to trade 0dte
[deleted]
So you are my wife's boyfriend that I have been hearing so much about. Nice to see that we are all in one autistic polyamorous relationship.
It's so obvious. Just inverse wsb. But no one ever does
Exact...you can see the March-April rally on the graph. You just have to wait for a clear inflow tendancy and jump in
worked fine for me, just gotta be modest with your profit expectations.
This is 10% luck
Imagine futures mooning the night before election while your all in UVXY hopefully don’t loose all my profits
We already saw the anticipation of unrest dip last week. It’s buy time.
lmaoo says the 🤡 crying at losing 19k saving up for a year YOINKS
So many bitches here. You all act like degenerate gamblers, then finally we get a binary event and ur all "going cash gang". Put on your big boy boxers and make some directional bets
Picked up weeklies on NIO cheddarflow showed a lot of weekly calls so I got in
[deleted]
You and me. Was up 20% over the year ... down 30% now ... feels bad. Lost 90% on AMZN calls
I guess you have been saved by the market my friend!
[deleted]
\+0.0000001% \*OH MY GOD THEY'RE GOING PARABOLIC\*
[Stonks in the Tesla](https://i.imgur.com/OzK9MgR.jpg)
Traded in my Tesla back in March😂
Why do people get so much shit for saying they aren’t voting? Personally I am because I have an opinion, but I’d much rather have people who are politically uninformed just sideline rather than blindly filling in a ballot. If you don’t have the time to watch the news and keep up with the candidates is it really necessary for you to be voting?
Not into US politcs cause im european, but where is Bernie Sanders, and who is this bidet guy?
Those are rookie numbers, you gotta pump those numbers up man.
calls on WIFI
I've beaten that game more times than I've been laid.
[deleted]
ding ding ding!
Picking Kamala as his running mate will ultimately be his downfall. It was a grave mistake, she’s the worst.
EAT SHIT!!!
Fucking same dude I started with 40k in September and have 2k left. Hard mode wasn't playing around I got fucked buying calls I got fucked buying puts. There was no winning. Kang gang wins
Don’t get caught in the “boo hoo wtf why isn’t it going down!?l” trap. I’ve been there and you convince yourself it makes sense and forget the 10 other takes on the situation the market could have that just mean we keep grinding up
Google auction market theory
China stocks for Biden win? BABA, JD?
Wrong time to be bicurious.
Just down 1k.

It was a very important 1k tho
Was there bad guidance for ENPH?
Nice boomer take. If you’re smart you would have calls on any renewable energy and cannabis stocks
[My favorite](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPCHuLiHbhG3s_YxhMLOn6Q)
Mnuchin as prez best for markets FOH
You’re welcome if you made money.
Well then they better give you a coupon
Trump is not good for china stocks, meme or not
One of my favorites. Love Hulk at the end "Hulk don't smash!"...."big monster!" Lol
Business idea - Watching day traders (professionals and noobs) live throughout the day Peleton style
Wish if it is....
Democratic states paying taxes subsidize your shitty republican states that are in a perpetual need of welfare to stay afloat. Read a book retard
I'm down like 3x you. But I was in a similar situation early September and made it back to my ATH before this so I'm not worried. Still net up from August.
The Don is going to give me tendies for Friday. SPY calls.
Been losing $1k every week since the September massacre.
I'm all ears. Why are we green?
Lmfao we all finally started buying puts and it’s not working
Oh
The best part of owning SNOW isn’t the money I am making while everyone is dying, it’s the WSB collective hate towards the ticker that made me hold onto this stock that I don’t even know who the CEO is
THE RIP BEFORE THE DIP
You mean to tell me the future of a world superpower for the next 4 years is more important than a bunch of people running around? Meh
I bought just one friday and sold today for a nice gain, you think buying at open is a move tomorrow or would that be retarded as fuck
You do realize Trump and GOP are in power until January... With Acb and all the craziness, What could possibly go wrong? 

Calls on a new vichy govt..
that feeling when my weed stocks and spy calls at open keep my portfolio green. 

Smart bears make money. Shenanigans this week. if you aren't hedged. good luck.
make sure you register in Delaware 👌
https://imgur.com/a/1KdKcM1
[removed]
This fake market is done either way.  Biden would make it legal.  Trump win and country goes into anarchy.
Same.
Calls on all the banks, credit cards and China if sleepy wins since those are the sectors most responsible for his wealth and he’ll have to return favors.
GET FUCKED KID!!!
[deleted]
Stonks only UP..
Same, I didn't buy the cyber truck to look like every other small dick pick up truck driver. I ordered it because its the most outrageous thing I've ever laid my eyes on. I would go as far as to say it is as beautiful and retarded as my tesla call options.
Hi
They don’t allow it on airlines because of the smell
[removed]
So RCL and NCLH both suspended cruises through year end now right? What about CCL?
Yeah in like March-April after we get a stimulus and maybe a vaccine lol. Then totally I’ll be flipping monthly calls like it’s 2019 pt 2 😂
peroni can lick my goochie for all i care
Bears get sloppy
[deleted]
you think you're smarter than everyone else? you don't think everyone thought the Monday and Tuesday before election would be super red? So maybe that's why everyone sold early ALL of last week?
Ratios are irrelevant
Big facts!
# Loaded TSLA and NVDA calls for a Biden wave. See you on wed retards
[removed]
A trump victory
nah as long as there isn't a civil war we will be landing stocks on newt gingrich's moon base
He got so fucked like his CLSK calls
post loss porn either way!
You fucking take that back Peroni is a good beer
Futures will moon, for no reason at all

Give me a script, of full strength adderall

Chugging through, the week we go

Fuck my portfolio, I’m ordering a hoe
He really thinks hes Jordan Belfort when he says “invest like me you see a return of 215k...”
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
looking good brother, you should double down for sure
[deleted]
I’m down 15k ever since the October blood bath, how about you guys ?
There were already 3 weeks of red. The shit had to bounce first.
F
Who is the best ASMR girl?
Imagine thinking Ragnarok isn’t priced in 🤡
To make people buy in so they can dump the fuck out of it tomorrow
*pushes up thick black rimmed glasses with pointer finger* - “DiD yOu KnOw CoLd WeAtHeR cAn KiLl YoU”
Put credit spreads it is
No Tesla and nio calls
Youre a fool
No one saw Australia still remaining a shithole prior to 2020, fuck off
Bulls get cocky
LMAO

Why the fuck wouldn't it be? God damn I rememeber being this retarded early July
If Trump wins we'll go higher because he'll pump stonks to the moon. If Biden wins, we'll go higher because of a massive stimulus.
Peaceful protests during the day Riots at night ✅ 

ATH COVID cases ✅

EU closing ✅

Markets zooming up all week 😎
Weirdest election ever, futures green. We bullish?
[deleted]
spy the same
What stock is this. It matter since it depends somewhat on the AH price. When it's close, not everyone will choose to exercise their puts and hence you don't get full assignment.
ETO is cryptocurrency in this game. this guy is a degenerate
market would drill so ducking hard circuit breaker after circuit breaker
Puts on my mental health
NIO is immune to Tuesday event.

No matter who wins, Xi is still China’s Leader. NIO is only in Gyna.

TLDR: NIO 40c are free money. NIO is immune
It's not denial, it's just not succumbing to fearmongering.

Never understood the issue with background checks. An upstanding individual shouldn't have an issue with a background check.

The handgun designed after 2013 law is really weird, I'm not down with that.

Homeowners have been ruthless in capping property taxes so that they can reap the benefits of owning property without having to pay for it. If a person can't afford the property taxes, they need to move. Lower property taxes is part of the reason that real estate prices in CA are so high, along with NIMBYism and the prevention of building additional housing or upzoning. Higher property taxes could lower demand when people can't afford the full cost of the house, which combined with increased supply could reduce housing prices in CA.

Gas taxes are actually insanely low for the cost of roads in this country. State, local, and federal gas taxes only cover 30% of the cost of roads. General taxes cover about 65% so that means people that don't drive have to cover part of the costs of people who do drive.

It's probably why they're adding an extra $100 on the registration for electric cars, so they can still get the funds needed to repair roads.

Remember, leftists actually like guns a lot. It's the center left Dems that want to make it more difficult to obtain a gun. And states like Texas and Arizona aren't gonna go for severe restrictions on gun laws. Dems aren't gonna risk elections by implementing gun laws that lose them electoral votes.
Priced in
Nice moves not an easy market but if you play it right very rewarding fast action
So the last 3k are your $20 PSTH puts right?
Cramer pump.
Janet Yellen herself used to cut the money with a well-worn pair of scissors.
Stonks go up really fast if trump wins.

Stonks go down fast and then goes up slowly to same levels as trump if Biden wins.

Thats the truth
Yeah I give up. What possible reason is there for us being green it legitimately makes no sense. Can't wait for these puts to expire so I can be poor in peace
I might average down and hope for a lil push before jan
Priced in
[deleted]
Its probably one of the more balanced subs between bulls and bears, social liberals, fiscal conservatives, capitalists and socialists.
It's an alcoholic beverage company which is a pretty steady and predictable business so the stock isn't very volatile. However the large stake in Canopy (CGC) can move it a fair bit when CGC is mooning or crashing
[deleted]
Because everyone had puts
thank you king nrpl
Not good enough, keep going
Dark Ages but instead of the Catholic Church leading us all, it's Joel Osteen
Can I pork shambles too?
Y’all are actually really dumb fucks lmao
CRSR mooning???  


Any news???
Watch CRON meme it’s way back into the $10s again like it the past
I preferred Benno Dorer, speech impared cousin of Ben Dover
Congrats you made $60 with your $25k buying power
W and FSLY no good for this

Errything else fine tho
I have a small jackfruit tree in my house
[deleted]
!Remindme 11/13/20
Priced in
market don't give a rats ass about aout ISIS, Peroni or Australia
lol get bear'd
This sub is retarded bear bull spam for .01% up down futures big dummies stfu
at least we have the rest of the year to think about all the money lost on puts
How the fuck are markets green on the night of quite possibly the most volatile election in American history this when you know bulls are true autists
F
remindme! 1 week
They smashed earnings
That's an old Italian Grandmother thing!
You should get some help if you bought puts today
Trump will try to declare before shit is counted and there is gonna be hella legal battles, probably like 2000 but worse and in more states
This .. OP is too far OTM now and just burning theta.. I’d rather buy weeklies on Red days and make a quick 100% or go broke than slowly see my account bleed
that fridge isn’t 10k. for that price you can get a built in sub zero
Market will only crash if Mango puts out another tweet with emojis
They’d change the rules to prevent him from being sworn in
Writing a evolutionary analysis of trading, including a section about us degen retards here. Would a mod be open to a short interview via call/email or anything really? DM me if so you cucks
[deleted]
Green 😍😍😍
Nah
Poor bears thinking they are just gunna print. Reality will sink in tomorrow. People will see the shame on your face.
Futures actually mooning
I was joking about the position lol. But as you can see. bears were fuk. tmrw bulls will be fuk
A few hours ain’t lethal. Damn, y’all are wimps.
More maniacal
Average life expectancy is over 78.  I stopped reading your shitty math when your first numbers were wrong.
VIX had a 2 to 1 put to call volume today
J Pow said we're fucked and SPY tanked from 320 to 300 in a day
Slight green tomorrow. Red when mango contests the election and it goes to Supreme Court.
Removing from the list I haven’t done yet so far
I'll try and get more aggressive I think. Kicking myself hard for not doing this on Thursday for the Friday expiration (I sold calls worth $10 each lmao)
I knew he would be pissed about that new mustang suv.
I’m tired of these hired people to comment to urge me to vote.

Just say it, just say sleepy. Don’t be passive aggressive
News in shambles, buy the bears
Because they’re both Democrats and trump killed there’s party
Get the west wing ready!!!
Kim K would be FLOTUS
Minor in PRPL FDs
Uglies
I guess it's kinda like a nickname ya get in skydiving.  Do something stupid?  That's your nickname.   We had a guy called Neck
[deleted]
Yeah I think I learned that but would still rage quit
No we won’t know
He becomes the president
What's up guys, can't look at the market now, how are my SEDG calls doing 290c 11/4
based as in gravitationally bound
stay in the market and give us more free money 😂
Can’t afford milk either
Good news is I am longer holding these. Bad news is because they expired lol
toaster
Do you want to get off with me? I am not sure you are all ready for this. But for those who really want to get off and find this comment here it is. I have a company reporting earnings tomorrow after hours. As long as the market doesn't collapse within the next two days we are all getting off. Are you ready? 
KAR.. 
Buy it and then we will all get off together.
Europe in lockdown, Europe attacked by ISIS, USA record high Peroni cases, USA election uncertainty, australia a fucking shit hole as always - why aren't my puts printing ffs
no because it'll get crushed in both directions
NO STIMMY REGARDLESS
So I’m guessing my spy puts are fucked. Please I need a red dildo
This election is more hype then the olympics, change my mind
You understand that the way the human body works - with most of you body weight being water. Long term exposure to freezing is eventually lethal right?
Free poverty for most
DFW
Blow up my GPA and portfolio at the same time 😌
Poggers
Elon pointed to a tweaking pig and said this will be you in 5 years and people forgot the next day
Democracy has gotten us here. I’ve lost faith
That's Mr. Clean
I’m not sure tbh. It would be nice if it’s Andrew Young or Elon Musk on the ballot...

I’ll choose the less worse between the two retards I guess
Don't forget the 0dte
[deleted]
Mods took out the automod rules a week ago. Trump.
Rip ur $$$$$
Futures will be insane tomorrow night, alternating between limit down and limit up every hour.
sir, this is a politics thread
Shout to the fed chairs of the past who had to pro it money analog, not digitally.
Will we know by eod tomorrow who the pres will be or is this gonna be a drawn out thing w/ mailin ballots and recounts n shit?
https://youtu.be/c_tjqWwGjUw
If you aren’t buying puts are you even American. Contested election on lock because it’s 2020 and nothing surprises anymore
Okay I know it can’t actually happen. But hypothetically what would happen if Kanye won?
FOMC
Then when she inevitably says no meekly say that you did it on a dare
Will take a screenshot
/itrunsrobinhood
BABA 350c 11/6
I didn't know what she looked like so I looked her up god damn she's a big ol' bitch
This is like when I get unlucky, and my mom gets more upset than I do. Like, chill...
No one is. But be real those payday loan and sky high interest rate target the most vulnerable of us in society. Don’t forget what happen in 2008. A lot of financially illiterate people lost everything. I’m not hating business is business.
me cause i live in europe
I can’t believe how many of you autists are still holding puts and vix calls.
Lube plz bb
Reeeeeeeeeeee
Surely... Gonna grab Demon Souls, Spiderman, Outriders, Godfall, and cyberpunk for release... Later down the line final fantasy, horizon forbidden west
He says they will legalize marijuana
Why wouldn’t you vote? Are you too retarded to identify with a party?
If bullish we are, your dick will crumble

Jiggle my balls, and go for a fumble

Into the sea of red, we go

This shit’ll be ugly, who’s got the blow?
Not gonna lie. 

I’m in shambles at the moment.
Against all odds.. WSB is the most rational part of the Internet right now.
[deleted]
If you know you know
[deleted]
This shit was funny as fuck. 🤣🤣🤣
Maybe some dumbass forgot to exercise his options. If you didn’t lose the cash, why are you complaining?
ROPE URSELF PLSSS
Stonk go... up?
Uggos? What is that
I come here for inverse ideas.
lol, I warned to many bears and they don't listen

they don't like money I guess
hahahahahaha
I’m a shrewd operator
Yeah me....because I already did, get the fuck to the voting booth slut
See when Trump said he wanted to taste Clorox it was just a big misunderstanding
I just bought in 12k on AMZN.
Bruh, I’m from omaha, NE. Sub freezing is shorts weather
Can SEDG renounce? Puts I sold gonna hurt my ass tomorrow so bad.
You love to see it 🥰

🌳🌲🦚🦜🌵🦖🐢🧤🐸🩲🎄
They have better options than JC fucking Penny
I can't have another day watching my puts age
It’s -2 in Toronto now, retired already, bruh
_
Lube or no lube?
The girls attracted to liberal arts majors are Uggos so you should fit in. This is how NPR stays on the air..the byproduct of those couples
I go small honestly, so not much. I will usually pick up somewhere between 15 and 25 shares and then sell when there is upward movement with any significance. I have quite a few nights where I am netting around 20-30 bucks. Not much, but not a lot of risk usually either. On the days where it has gone the other way, I will just hang on to the shares into the next day. I'm fully loaded with puts, so I see it as a sort of hedge that I can chip away at my cost basis for the puts with.
Jack Ma
whoever wins will start off strong with anti china rhetoric completely ruining them
Mods are retarded and gay for not letting us discuss politics during this time. A presidential election is huge for the market
[removed]
[deleted]
me because I am not a citizen
Positions?
Boomer course
Economic environmental conservationist... you’re a saint.
They aren’t...
I wrote in Mnuchin/Pompeo
It might be one of those foods that taste different to peoples genetics, like how cilantro to me taste like chemicals/soap but some like it. Jack fruit is the better big fruit
Capital gains tax increase and lockdowns sign me up 😍
We no, the problem is that after the rally is over and mango has had his photoshoot, he just dips out. He doesn't arrange transportation for his minions so some people got trapped in sub freezing temperatures for 5 hours after the end of the rally.
"clean me!! clean me!!! im so dirty!"
... ask a flat earther and get back to us.
That's right close to my job!   I mean...really close like kinda where I go to make money
Nani the f**k? It tastes absolutely marvelous.
Who knew that going into Prime Day and earnings I should have shorted the most successful company during this pandemic. 🤷🏾‍♂️   
   
I sold 3050/3000 puts back when Amazon was at 3300. Guess that'll teach my dumb ass to be bullish when things are supposed to be on the up and up.
Anybody else not voting?
Follow them home and approach them there.
\#democracy
Major in finance
Buy the shambles bears in news
Bruh if tomorrow isn’t -5% I’m gonna retire
>Iron Condor

Is that a block in minecraft
Non phone gaming is boomer tier, floppy bird or go home
I hate Tom Lee. This dude consistently is a permabull and comes on CNBC saying regardless of the outcome of the election, markets rally back to ATHs

Maybe he’s right, but his optimism is infuriating
if all you care about is locking down web traffic on port 80/443. lolz.
Really? So you think they artificially pumped money in to etfs to curb fear back in the 30s? If so, how?
Who knows cleaning supplies better than a middle aged milf?
If you like girls who don’t wear deodorant and are emotionally immature then more power to ya.
Depends on the returns your looking for. I only trade for a living nowadays and I would say 50k min, but with around 150k you can make a constant enough profit to live on with fairly safe plays. Live in So-Cal so could be less if you live somewhere cheaper.
Fuck me if we open green and vix is kill
The futures are our children, children are our futures.  Be kind
So basically all AOCs lol
Oh wow. That bad?
What if the bot alert the comment you replied to too instead of just your comment. Double oof.
Nice to know my vix calls are gna get smoked
Outside of the gym you tard, the fact you're even having to ask this means you shouldn't even bother trying to talk to them .
Who's your VP?
This is funny AF.    I think.
###BEARS IN FOCKING SHAMBLES
It all depends on the implied volatility. Right now there are better stocks.
Love on a spectrum is a great show ngl
trump win
that shit is amazing idk what you're talking about
The uncertainty and unrest related to who your real father is
Yeah they got to at some point. No way the europoors stop being poor all of a sudden. Not possible.
True nuf boomers are huge on gaming peripherals. My 76 year old grandpa has a gaming PC for GTA5 (srsly)
Where does the moon go when the sun is around
I’m from California and I complain when it hits 65
You should be able to read the room and see the girls there to work and the girls there to work and maybe flirt a little. Most don't like it the same way girls at bars don't like it. If they aren't attracted to you or the guy they are hoping to flirt with they will be annoyed. Its life. The key is to realize the girl there in the squat rack for an hour with headphones in by herself, crushing her workout at 6am, is not there to flirt.
been there done that, honestly not very exciting, it took forever and ended up being slightly more annoying than funny
should make it under 30 with income under 30k. also need to be based. we'd flourish
Holy shit Election Day not even started bears already fucked bigly?
I want trump to win just to browse twoxchromosomes tomorrow
They shall know the meaning of GUH

We’re team money so whatever
If we hold this area (107-104) yea might be possible but Trust me man If we get below this Just get Out..
FYI, if you use anything you've learned here in class, you'll probably fail, just like at trading ;)
Corsair a boomer stock?
I just do whatever. $2 itm on tastyworks cause of commissions, 1-2 OTM on webull cause YOLO
Only 8-12 year old can hold office
Who the fuck gonna read that lmao
Boys I think we just bounced off the bottom.

Calls coming in hot this week 😎
I sold puts too

$160 x 10
$170 x 8
[deleted]
Wave hundos at them
Majoring in finance with an emphasis in out of the money calls 😌🤡
Buy the news bears in shambles
Why tf futures green bruh
How attracted are girls to liberal art majors!??
Hope this one actually has crumple zones
social cues. if conversations aren't happening, that means the other party has no interest in them. try not being a creep.
our brother is lost and confused
Just taste durian. How do people eat that?
Ruined my keyboard, LMAO!
The house always wins.
This dude over here can afford a smart fridge. Must be doing the opposite of what WSB says
why stz has such low IV compared to rest.. this wasn’t even on my radar
[deleted]
Call with hooking up with her another one of her roommates though. This would be the third one, only
If no stupid covid.
Gravity mothafucka.
If a good company like AAPL goes to 0 we're all eating rocks anyway
I'm not your guy, friend
What caused the giant VIX spike in June?
Can you tell me a few good exclusives on ps? I want to get a console as well.
I too do not know shit. This is a bit of low entry YOLO. For $185 each for a Jan 2022 ATM call, hard to beat with that upside.
EVERYONE HAS BEEN BUYING AMAZON PUTS

WHAT HAS BEEN HAPPENING

AMAZON HAS CONSISTENTLY BEEN RED

sometimes the herd is right
LMFAO YOU SON OF A BITCH
Was expecting an old, bald white guy. Pleasantly surprised
SIMP
Hahaha dude NiO only goes up just give it a couple days.
ask your dad to become powerful
and yet you come to this subreddit...interesting
[deleted]
Are you from Georgia and complain about 1 nanometer of snow on the roads??
We should set the age limit for holding office at 65
RH Team: wait were supposed to email them first?
NKE puts if this happens
And $INTC puts
Do you think mango will be seen crying like a bitch when he realizes it’s over tomorrow?
So... I just tried that wsbsynth. Gonna have that shit on all day tomorrow at the office.
The only thing you learned here is how to lose money
You should be selling like .25-.3 delta calls. If it goes against you and goes ITM just buy it back and sell a higher strike
LOL what is your definition of mooning
We on an ultralight beam
Not ignoring, but I think your assessment of "the larger the win, the GREATER chance it will be disputed" is incorrect. Also, contentious and up for dispute are two different things IMO.

Trump will try and dispute it, but if the battleground states are won solidly, a lot harder to claim an institution infiltrated an election across the country than if (let's say) Florida were to go blue by 30k votes and Ohio by 15k and Pennsylvania by 20k. Let's put it this way: if the vote is within the margin of error plus the number of mail in ballots that went democrat, that will be your figure to watch. If he loses the state on election day, there's no good argument to be made and SCOTUS will tell him to fuck off. Elections are handled at the state level.
Would have been the play last time for sure
I wrote in Xi Jinping for president.

Long live Nio! 🇨🇳🇺🇸
any thoughts on tomorrow? more down or some recovery
stocked up on CGC hurhurhur
Always read this as crispr, but no its some fucking boomer stock
Futures are open. Get a better broker you poor piece of shit
WAP WAP WAP go bears and their Weak Ass Puts

Pay my tuition cuz you missin on these Weak Ass Puts

He bought a phone for Robinhood and his Weak Ass Puts

Get a bucket and a mop cuz he $ROPE from these Weak Ass Buts
its only just beginning - bane
I'm reading all these quote comments in their voices, its fucking great
Walk up and say don’t touch those weights I just farted on them. Then get down on one knee and propose
Tomorrow Reddit will be a big shitshow. I’m glad that I’m just surfing this sub.
Who knew the clorox ceo was so fucking hot
Which broker is it?

Edit:  And also what stock?
so hypothetically...how will the election effect my NIO calls?
Remember, can’t pay capital gains tax if there are no capital gains
Not the same way, but they do take advantage of it
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Fleetwood Mac - Landslide (O](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM7-PYtXtJM) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM7-PYtXtJM)⠀►►⠀ 2:38 / 3:57 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Can someone tell me whether or not I am disabled for wanting to buy VIX puts on election night?
By early morning like 4Nov 6AM EST ?
[removed]
Absolutely if you are into people watching
In general I find being in a sub 100 IQ group extremely tedious
Thank you.
Preach!
You can still exit the trade. You don't go all the fuck in
CRSR doing stuff AH
So you lost the 200 share value in your account or 2 of them just never got exercised but kept the full premium? You only get assigned if the person who have the put exercises it dumbass.
So what does it mean when everyone is also saying the complete opposite like this lol
good bot
Alexa play Landslide by Fleetwood Mac
[deleted]
who is yelling this? Everyone is yelling the exact same thing as you.
Yeah paying money to be packed like sardines in the freezing cold while some retard talks incoherently and equally retarded rednecks cheer for him sounds amazing
No
he had a call to prayer that he was not even in. pretty gay tbh
We'll finally see these damn leprechauns!!
[deleted]
Exit polls won't be accurate this year for FL. They will call FL by early morning. If Trump loses FL he has no path to 270 votes so that is a Biden win. If Trump wins FL then the next deciding state is PA, but we won't know those results for a few days.
Thank God. Not the only one.
> Edit: I forgot how to English. 

i WHO don't THE care FUCK about CARES grammar
even a dead cat is right twice a day
You guys are going to feel real silly when it's a Kanye victory
Only a few I think democratic cities are boarding up tho
Dont forget to write in JPow/Cramer ticket tomorrow. Every vote counts
Its also increased by 5 billion percent in the prior 2 months to those 2 weeks
I couldn't get a YETI in time so I bought a CMT for $80 less. Cascade Mountain Tech aka Chinese Manufactured Trash.
I cant wait until this is over
Don't fuckin remind me LULU
We‘ll see, IV is through the roof rn
Lol I have them since fall last year. I don't care about a minor blip. Do you know how many times these stocks have dropped double digits in a single day this year? Clean enegery js the future so this drop should be buying opportunity. I was waiting till after their earnings to buy 2023 leaps and I love that leaps are gonna be way cheaper for me this week
u/TrenAndOptions you've been summoned
[deleted]
[deleted]
Futures r mooning
PRICED IN
:(
Not sure if serious
I’ve heard you can make a lot of money selling naked TSLA options
Camels
80 miles is 128.75 km
Overpriced
give her your business card without saying a word to her. she cant say you were harassing her that way
Of course get drunk as fuck too
If they release that as the redesign I cancel my preorder.
I'm upvoting bearish comments because I know by this time next week they will all be wiped out.
You should upgrade to a truck by the lake, 80 miles from santa fe
Ask her to spot you. 

Or sniff her ass through her lululemons when shes not looking.
The dream
As you should - premiums are amazing right now.
That will make them go away
BBUS:ASX
Please good sir, wait underneath this chair with a hole on it. I assure you your dump will come soon.
Learning about options in my finance classes. Little do they know I already learned about options from being a member here. 😌
Then how does one approach those girls at all?
Based on a true story
I know it’s a disgrace
[deleted]
Always compliment her sweat
If you retards actually want to make some money get ready to go short tomorrow on qqq

Or if you trade futures maybe overnight
[deleted]
EVERYONE IS BUYING PUTS

EVERYONE IS YELLING CONTESTED ELECTION

EVERYONE IS WAITING FOR THAT BIG RED DAY

SO WHAT DO YOU THINK IS GOING TO HAPPEN?
At least 5 digits to make noticeable gains without risking it via spreads.
Yeah no lmao
[deleted]
...have you been watching the past month
Trump is going to lose.
Aint got none brah
If only RemindMe was smart enough to see that I was wrong first before sending me the reminder.
No way LMAO
Pardon me. What I meant was the counting and early trend reasonable enough to move market, not just exit poll. We getting that on 3rd Nov 6PM EST ?
Have you tried showing them your robinhood account?
Don’t approach girls at the gym it’s douchey and most don’t like it
Ur mom
Calls on you banging her
Sir, this is a Wendy's
Walk up to her and show her ur Robinhood gains
[deleted]
lots of unreported terrorist shooting riots going on right now
I was told there would be dumps. Can I talk to the manager?
They work for robinhood
Word i mean I always appreciate some feedback
Respect. A man must know his limitations.
What's up with DKNG after hours
Yessir
This is like a retarded Trump supporter bingo game lmao. 



“Fake News”, “snowflake”, “fake polls”, “China virus”



Do us all a favor, hold your breath for as long as you can and then just don’t breath in again. Thanks
I was loving this company, now they're balls deep in me.
muy caliente
It better still be made of stainless steel, god dammit.
200K
You should just sell bricks
Why when we have RGR and SWBI
Relax.
they have yet to drill overnight in the past like 4 days
Uvxy 25 and I’m cashing out. One more big red day pls
Oh that's useful thank you.
What's usually the most profitable for you? How much % OTM? Or even ATM?
the virgin FD gambler, the chad LEAP bull
No I've been seeing people placing bets on stocks before the election hoping they'll print. They are playing with fire
Id tear that ass up while she looks back in disgust
When tech moon
No, retard. They want you to buy it so they take the other side of the trade. Then they print out all the SLV loss porn around the water cooler and laugh at it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Damn.. Canadians with there Beaty eyes and flappy heads
Wait...we aren't gonna pound this shit like we do robinhood?
Now say it in Pidgin
I’d convert to a 🌈 🐻 before I let Lizzo sit on me
VXX 11/6 80C
Damn DT is tweeting en Espanol now it is over
Bulls
Snakes
I expect wed/thurs for the mango shenanigans
none, just a needless taxpayer expense because our current president is a fucking garbage human being
Tesla just hordes all the hype beasts !!!
Smart man
like 30 seconds, her ass is like 50x bigger than my face 😭
Honestly that could be either candidate
Hopefully europoor resumes drilling se we can open bigly red and cash in these puts
Reminder Set: watch the news the entire evening
[deleted]
:(
Any reason not to sell puts on SEDG after that beating?
where does milk come from
Sorry, sorry, 4:00pm est**
I bought puts today btw. Prepare for MEGA GREEN TOMORROW

You're welcome bulls
I sold covered calls 🤡
good for weed
We all voted early or by mail this year in Florida - will be surprised if exit polls on day of mean much this year.
Probably going to liquidate all my options tomorrow except a few VXX calls. Don’t really want to get IV fucked Wednesday if theres a clear winner
I’m not your pal, buddy!
That sounds like a job
What if I want to protest you looking after my RH account?
Trump already has been setting up for a case of voter fraud and mismanagement with the USPS. You're right on the low end, but to say there won't be an issue if the win is on the upper end is ignoring a reality.

A landslide win will be just as contentious as a narrow win.
dont forget to change the color to green
So is the vaccine created or still in development?
There are some right now
[removed]
That looks like a lifted Impala.
[deleted]
hes a convicted pedohpile, be safe brother
I know, I’m joking lmao
Truth :(
If you were offered $1 for each second Lizzo could sit on your face how long would you be able to hold your breath?
I’m not your bucko, friend!
Better than 33% corn hole
When I see a thic Latina.

https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1323390619570626560
Im not your pal, guy!!
I like this alot
wrong
what are you doing, step-justice??
Protests to some extent. My city is boarding up windows just in case
0 will meet up 😌
If you had your choice.....titty fuck or anal?
Any time bro

ATM or slightly OTM are much tighter on spreads tho. Bigly ITM can be 5-10 wide sometimes
Look on the back of the can
Toxic masculinity is a farce
YETI only trading so high because their #1 product is bear proof
I’m not your chief, guy!
I can’t tell whether you’re referring to Joe Biden or Kanye West 😳
He wrote an essay on the topic. It’s on his laptop.
Wouldn’t be the first time she cheated on her bf lmao
Trump wins obvi but the uncertainty is good for my puts
It's ok, we all are
News cycle Jesus is the best Jesus
Swipes mean almost nothing. They’ll unmatch in a few days or get cold feet when it comes to meeting up. Online dating is usually a waste of time, unfortunately.
Always: [https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a9/72/2c/a9722cc4126053fa122960d47ef4699a.jpg](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a9/72/2c/a9722cc4126053fa122960d47ef4699a.jpg)
Block them, they are just telemarketer.
I’m not your pal, bucko!
If anyone is planning on protesting after tomorrow night, I’m willing to look after your RH account so you can still make tendies while you go protest.
Remember guys it's not about who wins or loses tomorrow, it's that we all have fun out there.
I'm stressing man. I thought I'd end up even but still underwater on these calls on VXX. How about you?
You are crazy
None around me but I live in a van down by the river
I am reading everywhere that if Donnie loses FL we almost get a result there. Can someone tell me a probable exit poll result for that state in terms of EST so that I can add reminder for my time zone...
SPYG $48P 12/18

Edit:  For those curious, [here's the "news" for the day before the 2000 election.](https://money.cnn.com/2000/11/06/markets/markets_newyork/)
Thinking about it too
Is there any indication they will be throwing a brick at it again? If there's no cave man stress test, I'm out.
I love this sub lmao
[removed]
I got some good premium earlier when IV was outpacing HV but it flipped about a month ago to where buying options was better. It seemed like they were out of cash and shuffled around their C suite. That's all I got for now. I don't know the major players and the environment. For all I know Monsanto or Phillip-Morris could sweep in, buy some infrastructure and steal the market instead of the Canadian startups. I don't know shit
No shit man
haha that shit is tough brother. Girls get FLOODED with messages like non stop. Get her digits. Put yours down right away. Don't take too long to chit chat on there. Get the number. Smash the pussy.
[removed]
Damn! back to the grind, you guys are making me work for it. I love this sub
i am the dr jeckl and mr hyde of testeserone
170C for 11/20
Scan your dick as verification
Bold of you to assume we’ll still have phones in 28
Ok Chief.
🙏🚀
I'd say 30K+
10 matches, 5 will return messages. 1 will give you engaging replies
Hate us cuz u aint us
Wet Ass POTUS
I can't even get one to swipe right on me

Granted I only have three pictures because I rarely take any
SLV may as well be balls deep in your ass
Any YETI bulls? I’m thinking earnings calls might print bigly
And what will that mean for the market? Very uncertain 🤔
Most likely no change in presidency
I mean any amount works but it gets more fun with $5k plus. Particularly if your broker is generous with buying power.
It’s exactly like plays on here man. The more outrageous and out there the pickup line is the better chance it will work.
free crack? Where can I get my hands on some?
You held that for days you deserve it
Are there actual riots going on RIGHT NOW in usa or you just expecting them after the votes are counted?
BRB buying more AAPL
nope
Mon-fri 9:30am est
[deleted]
How much do u make from that?
I’M NOT YOUR BUDDY, PAL!
“Come on man, just come on!” Lol for a Trump supporter you sound like 😴joe.
I actually totally agree with you there
We'll most likely have a new dementia-riddled overlord as of tomorrow. He also happens to be a whore for big corporations. Calls I guess?
It’s possible because Biden has a bunch of paths to victory that are possible. It’s also possible we don’t if it falls on states that will take days extra.
Lol I hear that, got a few of those too
so you're saying there's a chance?!
What monthly returns do you want?
I knew someone would type exactly this, I told you guys yesterday.
Whats the high paying job that can afford you the guts to yolo all this money on overpriced apple
Trade down or flat... we’ll that covers 66.6666666% of the possibilities. Good job genius on this amazing prediction!
last time it was a little better because people thought polls worked. to bet against polls was something. now we know they dont so its more of a toss up
[deleted]
‘Called it!’

GTFO 😂
My VXX does, absolutely.
Holding a triple leveraged etf that long is pretty risky ngl
In 20-30 years. They'll make it like super "secure" by having like 3 factor authentication and you have to scan like some documents to verify yourself. But it'll happen. Tech is the future. We just need these old Congressman who don't know the difference between an iPhone and an Android to go away.
Swiped right on 30 chicks on Tinder and 10 swiped right on me. Tinder is mostly a looks game and I'd say I'm good in that aspect, still not able to convert a match to a damn date.
We’re gunna be very green tomorrow it’s gunna be beautiful
iv had that shit since april cant wait for it to be out of my sight
Never
[deleted]
When do futures update?
Do any of them have good stock? I looked up FOX and VIAC and it doesn't look as impressive as it should
How much money you need to be theta gang ?
[deleted]
Wasn’t future supposed to open, like 10 mins ago
Thanks, that's more info than I needed.
Are we even gunna know who wins tomorrow ?
It’s delisted
We need a gun and ammo ETF
When do y’all think we’ll be able to vote through a mobile app? 24? 28? Never?
Nah it requires you to upload a picture of your dick and Margin will go away.
This is autistic
just choke her out while spanking her, that what she really wants
we polar bears tho
Bid ask is as tight as your mama's bhole. Fill quick as fuck even on no commish webull

Swings are preditably massive.
Sell calls then
I just think they won’t dump much more but will just stagnate and not increase as much as the rest of the market over the next 6mo

Just my opinion though. I am biased with Tesla and amazon leaps but I’m selling against them for the next 6 mo
Why pay anything when he can get it for free?
Whatever happens, fuck off with your “told ya so” posts.  Nothing more cringe inducing than the need to pat yourself on the back for getting something right that had two options.
Polls are all within margin of error, coin toss election. 
SPY 1/15 335c
Bro the loss porn was there when I bought the 130 shares instant -$600
Nah more people need to get fucked in the ass
Ty
Goddamn casino
Unless you’re playing mini golf on addictinggames.com, pc gaming is need tier stuff
[deleted]
Green by open
Bicurious are we?
Why is this person called Margin always trying to call me when I log into TD Ameritrade? 

Is it like a video chat I need to do?
Nothing is stopping jumia
this is weirdly specific
Only thing over priced there is TSLA and TSLA will continue to go up despite being over price
acb should ban it
Have a feeling AMD is gonna trade down or flat for 3 months now ffs
agreed. his mom
We are already in a recession but the market doesn't given a shit.
[deleted]
Please post the loss porn when it comes bc this losing is almost guaranteed if held to expiry.
What's your position?
Bigly green at open tomorrow then we dump.
11/20 150p? Dear God I'd straddle that piece of shit and hedge with some calls. It's worth about $30 bucks but the potential volatility is massive
Might buy some December SPY $350c tomorrow for the hell of it
Jin Yang is that you
SO MANY BEARS

AND WINTER IS COMING...
Golly gee that’s neato
?
Jokes on you cuz she's fat
The double top is TA bullshit, yes. The actual explanation that follows is not TA.
That IS exactly why we weren't red today.
Nah, it'll be another week like last one, I don't think we would be left without a winner for more than a week or so. Eventually either of them will concede to save face of party and uncertainty would evaporate. 

Crash won't come unless we go back to normlacy and price in stimulus.
So does the illegal propping up of the market end tomorrow?
Best female friend said she needs her boyfriend to man up. 

Calls on toxic masculinity
Been at work all day. Why exactly are all my oil company leaps mooning?
In 2019, it went up 30% in the same time period. Again, 150 might be a pipe dream but 130 might be possible, don’t you think?
might have to pick up some Paypal monthlies
“Here’s how Bernie can still win”
Bro you lost like 1,000$ at your lowest point what are we even talking about here.
Inverse his math
Futures 0.01% green.... 

OMG

Bears r fuk

We like you but dont come tomorrow

Face ripping rally tomorrow

ATH baby

etc. etc.
I'd like to inverse this, but I want good payout.
From Friday; Dix down -3.5%, Gex down -100,000,000
Couldn’t help going all in uvxy shares at closed might be packing it up tomorrow if wake up down %10
Anybody buying Fastly
@Theta gang, I fucking hate you guys because I wish I could be you, mad respect for you with these crazy premiums, but if a winner is declared, gtfo and never come back
🔫->🚀
Bears and buying puts at the bottom: name a more iconic duo
Imma need it below 120 by EoY 2021 pls
Im not denying that they are great companies. They’ve just had an insane run that outpaced actual growth
Proof or ban
[deleted]
I use my wife’s boyfriend’s laptop when he’s not using it.
Every play since last week for me has been green. I'm up $200. It isn't much, but I'm very proud. Thank you!
not about earnings...about the stock going to shit. SNAP is the worst company of the bunch. NO profits haha. fucking joke.
Flatter than your step mom
[deleted]
I expect the start of a new bull market but a dump first from “tax fear”
My options plays show that metered temperance with a moderate risk brings in more than 8% on average soooooooo fuck yall
What kind of Trumpian news outlet are you getting this garbage from? Jesus Christ we have an epidemic of shitty education in our country for people to actually believe this shit.
😭🐻🇷🇺
I used to love pegging CDs with my finger.  Kids these days will never know the joy of sticking your finger into a CD as far as you can before it got stuck.
OH SHIT FUTURES GREEN AS FUCK
/s
VIX gna moon tomorrow
Huge huge pump tomorrow
😂
Good lesson to always leave on good terms. 

Now you can reevaluate your options (your job options you addict). You may find a better paid job. I don't know about BK but MCD offers trainings to move up. 

Anyway you can always swallow your pride and ask to come back. Not a good time to be unemployed.
Shout out to the media for making sure everybody is sufficiently terrified and paranoid going into tomorrow, calls on volatility
I heard Hunter Biden is secretly voting for Trump because he vows to reduce drug prices
We haven’t given a shit about the UK since July 3, 1776. They can go fuck themselves and their new lockdown
Well that’s wrong bears are fucked as always
AOC is into anal for sure
It would rally further on news an attack was “successful”..
No, it's not a fee, commission or other cost. That much he could tell me. He called 'the trading floor', not sure what that means or what they could tell him, but it didn't produce any information. He could see in his backend that these 2 contracts were 'missing' even though they were 'checked out', but other than that he didn't know.

So I got curious and thought I'd ask you geniuses :D.

Guess I'll get news (hopefully) tomorrow. Will update when I do.
Na lmao I have 324 hopefully we something crazy tomorrow 🤣🤣
If you don’t know why something is up or down, the answer is PRICED IN
They legit pump every single night at open. It's unreal, and remarkably predictable. I have been buying spy shares at close on daily basis, then selling them later that night. Easy easy money 90% of the time.
Futures gunna open so fucken green
[deleted]
I know. Do you think there’s anyone that can usurp alphabet? It’s not just google, it’s a conglomerate, they buy up so many cutting edge startups. The dominance in search and ad space is the float but the real value of the company is the AI development and race to AGI. As well as the Orwellian level of data they have accumulated.

Similar to amazon. Retail is the float.

Real value is the tech and data. Things yahoo never came close to them in.

Guess we find out with time.
Touche
I did the same. Weed liquor and groceries in case I don’t want to go out for a week
is that not normal?
Oh damn! Someone had some good picks! ;)
SPY and a foolish play in NIO I hope I luck out on
ACB is still trash, it'll all be speculation until something real pops
ZM dropped like 25% in around 2 weeks.
I will be messaging you in 7 days on [**2020-11-09 23:09:37 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-09%2023:09:37%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmwyuj/i_have_unshakeable_faith_in_a_trump_temper_tantrum/gay4pdh/?context=3)

[**13 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjmwyuj%2Fi_have_unshakeable_faith_in_a_trump_temper_tantrum%2Fgay4pdh%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-09%2023%3A09%3A37%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jmwyuj)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
They have had plenty of trouble that’s for sure, but if the US market opens up, they are in a good position to grow imo

Probably better plays out there and I’m all ears
This one hasn’t. Yet.
“FUTES RIPPIN RNNN” I type as I see we’re up .2% with no volume or consistency
The struggles 🥴
Yep pretty much, that said the same can be said for bulls; if there's no clear winner, we are driving SPY down into the dark ages
March 2021 is considered 20 years for WSB
Instead of averaging down (throwing more money into pot) Sell some then buy when it drops more if you still believe. In your case, roll back the date too. (Better advice is just fucking shares)

Learned the costly way, never go all in on calls that expire 6months out on same date. Do it in waves. A lot can change in half a year and premiums will drop unless you're starting at the bottom of a recession (not after 50%+ YTD).
I feel like it’s virtually foolproof, literally cannot go tits up
Alright, once my fake ass margin call is done I'm doing booking puts. Probally tank by 20% or more. How can you have forward guidance when your entire company is a travel company when countries are locking back up. Now question is..... do I got for this week, or next week?
Holy fuck SEDG DEAD
Ok communist
Alright Bradley don’t get triggered now. Whatever you say buddy
[removed]
The truth hurts brother
Been selling puts the whole way down
Ikr how are we supposed to compete with that 😔
Was 1 karma point away from 420 and some douche downvoted me
Maybe U can answer Ur question urself with this Info: 6 Dollars in Apple Stock are 102billion Market Cap btw and U think they will increase their Market Cap by  over 300billion in less than 3 months
My horoscope tells me bulls r fukked tomorrow.
Once it turns green, then we will see a longer rally
remindme! 1 week
Anyone in SM?  17% up last 5 days.
I lost my ass on PayPal call thru earnings today. Fml
Hahaha.. sexvids to be exact
[deleted]
I disagree on amazon and Tesla. Both still have huge non pandemic related growth potential to catch up to their high pe
I had that idea except I got massive losses
Jesus your cost basis on AMZN is under 2k and under 30 on AMD. Teach me
Tell that to my amc puts 😎
EXTINCTION LEVEL EVENT
No u
One last pump tomorrow babby let’s go bulls 💯🙌
Yeah hope so
Nah this has retard strength potential
Why the long face? Not much competition there 😐
was the uk lockdown priced in then? seems like a green day across the board.

Im gonna sit the next few days out, trying not to fail at NNN.

Sorry Nicole Aniston, not before bed tonight.
Snap had its earnings already though.
[deleted]
Sounds good. Meet you back tomorrow.
IRS is more of an art form than a science
All ready for covid to be over in 24 hours?
Looks like his investments aren’t looking very *liquid*
I get the point but people thought we couldn't live without yahoo either until google came along.
My mamma says I'm special.  
My position is doggy style.
Plays for tomorrow: wait for webull to clear funds
I lied. I sold 16 puts at strike of $15 this morning. Expiring this Friday
Plus you can make money off theta and IV by selling covered calls.
Wait until you see some green...which ever you like will do it. Remember, wait for the green
You spelled month wrong
NIO 40 Eow
Lmao WSB bears get 2 good weeks and start to sound like bulls in July and August. Absolute fucking clowns after a 5% down week
Imagine when it rotates back into big tech. Easy 340 EOW.
I've been cash ganging it for about a week following intraday SPY put/call day trades and I have to say it feels amazing. Not paying close attention to futes (even though they don't really mean anything) and watching movements on individual stonks is like a reprieve for the soul
Mfw the girl on tinder says her last date turned out to be a CD who wanted her to peg him 😔
# why don't you go eat a baguette with an aged brie and a nice burgundy, okay man
Forgot ATVI fuck that company put it
Such efficiency.
[deleted]
Nah, I’ve spent my daily 5 minutes clowning beta cucks.
I bought 30 350c Turnip contracts yesterday exp 11/7, think they'll print?
Diamond hands into the dirt. I can relate. #HYLN
[deleted]
[deleted]
$quadrupleS Thursday
Wednesday is my only chance for a ticket to tendie town.
Thanks brother
Realistically bulls are the commies- begging for more qe to put us in more debt and for the fed to bail out your FD Spy calls so you can make 100$
Some of y’all sounding like the real desperate wives of wallstreetbets.
Only someone who can't afford it says that.
Overpriced tech ducks all in a row

Amzn ☠️ 

Pypl ☠️ 

Fb ☠️ 

Aapl ☠️ 

Tsla ☠️ 

Snap tbd
If we get a clear winner, and a green SPY week with VIX going to 25- that might be an extinction event for bears who bought puts on high IV during the red week we just had.
[deleted]
This I would buy. Other pos would fail
***Calls on confirmation bias***
This
It looks like someone who tried to sell at exactly a 30% loss every single time on purpose. Like someone smacking their hand with a hammer and wondering why it's hurting every time.
thank god
I don't understand what putting a pp in my mouth has to do with your bad investments
Tip: dont listen to "them"
If Reddit registered and voted Bernie would have won by a landslide. but Reddit doesn't register and vote because most of them live outside the country and are under 18
Is ACB even in a position to be able to afford to expand? I don't know the latest on the sector.
50% of this thread says buy puts and the other 50% says buy calls...and one side is being sarcastic, which one though...
"go away! i'm walking on sunshine!"

towlie
Im doing the same tn
Red by open 🦧📳
oh ok so tomorrow and wed flat?
A nuclear war is priced in at this point
Perma bulls revving up
Bleach
Is it normal that I stocked up on weed and liquor bc of the news for rest of the week?
Once you see that graph go green....yes
Lol uvxy options decay faster than a jet
And AH is pumping at futures open. Makes sense
Mango wins.  Get back to /r/pol
 cunt.  

Apple go uppies.
this. if trump loses any of the big 6, his chances of winning are very very slim
Why? They crushed earnings and didn’t get that big of a spike. Also haven’t exploded like other big tech. They feel like a short term safe haven among tech.

Anti trust is way priced in. And it will be years long and I doubt very much anything changes other than a settlement with some millions paid out.

Edit: oh lmao. This was just in response to campaign ads. Not a serious comment.
They just opened, we have daylight savings because we are fucking idiots..
Told you fucks to inverse me. When I switch to puts, you go to calls. Green as fuck tomorrow. But yeah my puts are fucked. Should’ve sold when I was way up earlier today.
Several? There are a bunch in late phase trails. Do you live under a rock? Lol.
I’m going to be pissed if they keep it looking like an obnoxious boxy piece of shit
Ngl, i completely lost attention after like paragraph 2
Agreed, if you aren’t holding positions....you have no skin in the game of life.
Your mom, doggy and 69, expiring tonight
Because you're poor, and touch yourself
When the bump seems too good to be true, pull out. Then remove the stock from your list so you don't look back with regret when it goes higher than expected
So many people with so much money! Well, they don’t want to put it in the bank because interest rates... hmm, what could they do with it that would get them better returns? What if the government had all but guaranteed they’d prop the market up? 

Tough decision.
Leave him alone, It’s his RH/pornhub phone.
Just do whatever he thinks two weeks before he says it
tmmr flat, wed will either spark a brand new bull market or a bloody slaughterhouse
AH pump?
[deleted]
Can I have $2k?
Man 0DTE is insane. It should be banned for real.
ok since futes started green today it will be red tomorrow 


wishful thinking
Europoor here. Why are indices futures still closed?
Fuck commie bears. Tomorrow is America's day goddamn it 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
[removed]
[deleted]
they were not.... $400 SUCK MY DICK
Very dangerous to hold anything overnight these days. Scalping is where it’s at. Consistent profits.
He lost em
[removed]
How funny would it be if Elon took Nikola’s design just to fuck with them?
after buying calls at the top and bitching about it , I told myself " thats it im done. "

only to come back an hour later to dump more $$ into my account
Same shit I use to talk to you fried as fuck with
this guy gets it
Agreed. 

Cash until a winner is chosen
Next NIO is still NIO.
Losing 2k in a day doesn’t even bother me anymore.
Calls printing, giants are dog shit

-Giants fan
Looks priced in
I’m going to be pissed if they don’t keep it looking like an obnoxious boxy piece of shit
There's 1.5m people in this sub and like 10 gain posts a day. What does that say for our odds?
Wish Jim Cramer would spit those fucking marbles out of his mouth so I could accurately inverse him
All you guys talking about energy plays if Biden wins. In order for those to pay out, there needs to be tons of policy passed and years of work against tons of lobbying.

The real play is weed. One quick executive order by Biden and the country opens up.

ACB 1/2022 $4c
I agree Trump wins without help of Pennsylvania where Dems are cheating with voter fraud. Well Dems cheat with voter fraud in every state. Regardless He gets 30% black vote 50% hispanic vote and wins. I think it will be decided by Wednesday night. Tomorrow and Wednesday markets will be nuts. I just lost my ass on PayPal call thru earnings. Buy puts on square earnings report this week. Good luck to all
Buy low, sell high.

EV is gonna tank if Trump wins.
25% ATM and much lower the higher strike you go.  sub 20%
Kanye you cuck
[deleted]
[removed]
I'd do Michigan or New Hampshire if those are available, Trump won by like 1-2% last time for Flordia (I can't remember)
☢️
Most likely nothing. It’s a Chinese company
Obama was expected to win and he did so in a blowout.  It was the recession more than anything.  Look at the day before. 

2012 showed they didn't like him though.  They wanted those Romney tax cuts.
The rules in this sub should be enforced irl.idc who you are, dont speak to me unless u tell me what ur positions are.
zm 11/20 150p
Wondering if I would have had better odds going all in on the giants tonight than any of my calls printing friday.
Comment for Kanye
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Was watching Shapiro show and his analysis of polling data. He said exactly the same stuff.

So basically we will get a SPY move once FL result is out ?
What’s a Hubesr57?
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, you can’t get fooled again!
See no evil there must be no evil
Futures mooning
#Who did your neighbor vote for?

Poll: https://strawpoll.com/512jkzv5o
Looks like a commission
We might not know tomorrow
What’s staying in my head rent free? I was up $1k on my poots, closed then reopened the same position  and closed down $300🤦
BER R FUK
"ThE ENd oF tHE WoRld iS pRIcEd iN..."
this is actually a great idea, I'm in.
[deleted]
Trump win: UP

Biden win: UP bigly
Hahaha
This is too real.
I want to be the gain porn instead of looking at it
[deleted]
Lol
It’s also the very definition of freedom that people fought for 😂. You do you man. Fuck the haters.
He’s a multimillionaire bro, who gives a fuck about a real brokerage like you don’t have multiple when you’re have money? Shieeeet
got my calls, waiting for the post erection rally
Puts
Friend said they already created a vaccine, true guys?
Who tf knows, no conviction, couldn't get out of the range.
Still down 20% on the month, simmer down
lol
Buy puts. Got it
NIO
yessir, holding till day of earnings
Then his sqqq is fucked
I’d love a little green tomorrow into deep red
Boregore
Holy shit I've never seen futures this green before! Bear r fuk on a molecular level!!
There's always a bull market somewhere - my job is to help YOU find it.

Mad Money starts NOW
Red
Bigger red day
makes you desperate 😂
Ah yes time to take a break from WSB and go for a run to clear my mind.

*gym treadmill with Cramer on left TV and political BS on the right*

I’m back guys.
Futures are flat, everybody fuk!
Putin
What does that even mean?
Don’t tell me how to fuck your girl! Now you’re out of line.
You and I both. What are you in?
tonight i am going to do hard mode and can only check futures via this threads commentary. care to join me?
in 6 months yall will think about how u couldve gone all in on travel LEAPs but chose to gamble on SPY FDs
4+ AMC p ex. 20201104 print or naw?
That's what they tell the public.
GEX negative, DIX limp
BRO GET YOUR POLITICS OUT OF THIS HOLY PLACE
his screen is greasy from the tendies
[deleted]
If you don’t believe the polls and 🥭 makes it then we probably get a contested week
it’ll start to slow bleed after that
I'm hoping we see the red BEFORE the result
I wanna go long on NIO now but I'm not sure with election and shit going on, any idea what each outcome of election would do to it?
lmao imagine having puts and betting against America. Idiots.
[deleted]
Cartman sucks S11E02
One more day, then all the election ads disappear.
Futures pumping hard just as expected.
Boned you are, due to solar stocks

Fucked your portfolio is, you’re better off selling rocks

If the crack is what you smoke, take another rip

Cause we got 4 more years of orange, rockin this fuckin ship
The one where they get the ninja weapons
Lol what's the iv like on them that far out
[deleted]
Makes investing tough for sure. Just have to look further than 2-3 months.
After today, Scotch. Depending on tomorrow, natty light
Hold it iron hands
Scott timmerman must die
Puts on GOOGL
Oil really??
ANYONE IN SQ CALLS FOR EARNINGS? IT'S LOOKING BAD FOR NOW
people who think Biden has those three in the bag are delusional, it’s coming down to PA.
[deleted]
FL, AZ, GA, and NC. Those states will have their election results in pretty early on the night. If Biden takes 2 or more of those by a wide margin, he’s won in a **landslide** most likely.

PA, MI, and WI only matter if Trump wins all the other battleground states that he won in 2016. If he loses any of the other states, more likely Biden has won as the night goes on.

Worst case is Dems take the house and senate but somehow lose the White House. 2+ years of nothing getting done—hopefully a stimulus would be done before the inauguration.

Best case for the market is a clear winner by a landslide on election night, with a sweep of the house/senate as well. Considering there is almost no chance Republicans win the house, I am 100% hoping Biden wins in a landslide. Because that’s the best case for the market. 

If Biden wins heavily, market is going to quickly price in a giant stimulus happening in Feb. 2021 and a vaccine getting released and mass distributed in 2021 as well.

If Trump wins, market will be sad on stimulus-but possibly still hope a stimulus is passed before inauguration, oil will suck, but there would be vaccine pumps in 2021 to look forward to.

Tech is screwed either scenario because of vaccine.
Uhhhhh calls on lobsta rolls.
It's less risky than a margin loan, because it's not callable...
you're not wrong. his merch is aviator glasses on shirts
[deleted]
Only goes up.
Nope and no one has charts of that time period.
who the fuck gave me gold, silver, and platinum. Thank you fellow autists
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/arezzh/is_there_a_case_to_be_made_for_goos/egna40n/)*
What if trump wins
Early voting typically skews in favor of democrats. Election day voting favors republicans. But early voting has already topped out last years total for the 2016 election. It’ll be close but I think Texas is going blue.

Edit: and as a youth (24), I’m definitely seeing many people my age politically involved
Why is nobody talking about DGLY? Huge potential after elections its going to riot for sure.
Alphabet is much different imo than a Pan Am.

Their roots in dominance, technology, AI have grown very far and deep, and I can’t imagine them failing unless all of humanity fails too.

Personal opinion.
WHO IS THEY JUST FOR CLARITY SAKE
Aaaand fucking flat great
We're they in the money at least? Poor man's covered calls my nan
Have you not seen the record breaking youth turnout numbers across the country especially in swing states?
Watch your profanity
Sir, I'm a retard.
[removed]
Live in the moment my man or you’ll be 80 before you know it
MOJO
Shame on you.
You are so right dude. Nice
Game time!
[deleted]
I don’t like the drink anyways
Appreciate it !!
[removed]
No, OP paid RH the $20 so that is why he lost 100.02%.
I rarely break my entry as debit spreads rule...did this time. Oh well, reminder is nice.

I'll probably buy back in Wednesday open if it's a chill election result
Priced in. We've been suing after elections since 2000. It's a two decade old ploy at this point. Everyone knows it's going to come down to who can riot harder. Yeah, Trump supporters have all the guns (that we know of) , but they also are the ones with the most to lose. Calls on Dems.
Yes red hammer one lmao they wouldn’t let anyone look Inside
[deleted]
Why lol
Does anybody wanna see a chaotic election and crazy volatility because you’re bored?
[deleted]
Jacked to the tits in SQQQ calls. We are definitely seeing a massive red day this week
I hope that temper tantrum beats expectations.
This time change is trash
To shreds you say?
Therapy
I am expecting hulk dick wednesday
I am well aware who she is lol. Smoke show
Lol. She’s into that. So good work. Pull her hair too. Shit that’s what your fiancé just had me do. Nevermind.

Do we keep going? I’m getting bored.
RKT continuing the rally into after hours :)
TAN
Long term bull, just 🌈 for a little bit in college
ok then I guess the IRS is wrong
I'm just sitting here waiting for tomorrow to become today. Can't really think of anything else.
Last election it faked out so be careful. It dumped initially for like an hour at open and then rallied hard
You hate money don’t you?
Puts on apple. Down to 100. I have no positions on aapl
pls be true. why did i buy calls on skyw0rks? is qc0m going to make me die when they destroy earnings? when is this "institutional money" coming?
You’re so bearish you’re bullish
I mean, that makes sense. We have a goddamn plague, mass unemployment, a president threatening to disregard the election, and half the country in denial as their friends and family die... but somehow things have still been growing? I guess the lack of a stimulus plan was the nail in the coffin for the markets last week, although somehow the president's popularity went up. 

What a time to be alive...
The wheel of fortune nagger one! Also the World of Warcraft one....
I haven't been this excited since Bill Billicheat's post game news conference after NE lost again yesterday.
That makes u ghey
Hoping solar can save me, otherwise I'm boned
I donkey punched your girl. That’s check mate.
No options but long LABS as of today. Hit 52 week low last week. Nowhere to go but up?
we can all be thankful for this
Manbearpig
[deleted]
Sold my Jan 2021 $20 / $15 calls.. bought in June! 


Kept some leaps for 2022 and 2023!! 

Dont care to print screen it.. but had 170 contracts
yeap, just bought more today
Well no panda express for me today :(
yes.
The world will go on just fine even if we lose a couple companies that didn't even exist 20-30 years ago.
[removed]
word
[deleted]
What I’m saying is if Jackie is on the board and she had a no consult agreement you’d look really dumb trying to negotiate a deal with a competitor while she’s still employed at one. You could however open dialogue, let it simmer a bit, and continue once she isn’t at the company that’s a direct competitor anymore.
I want a stock to go down a lot so I can buy more. Does that make me a bull or a bear?

🤔
Just by the sentiment, you should get out this city you fucking pussy.
Cause orange man is such a young picture of health
BEARCH.
[deleted]
feel free to add facebook to this list as well.
Anyone know what the markets were like during gore v bush when the election dragged on?
THIS IS WHY YOUR FRIENDS HATE YOU
Rest in pepperonis. Watch YouTube videos on risk management and best of luck to you!
agreed which is why I'm happy with this dip. We're picking up more shares for cheap, which will appreciate in value
Arby's makes a damn fine sandwich for a shitty fast food place
That's because nvidia manufacturers horribly slow
You think Biden is going to win FL, GA, and NC. You my friend are a true autist
if we are deep red tomorrow I’m buying calls through the election, if we are big green I’m day trading 11/4 puts, if we are flat I’m staying out.   

What’s your plan?
Bulls
But what if you are a theta gang?
Empty 2L of Mountain Lightning
Ginger or imaginationland off top of my head
Lol you retards said this Friday. Stocks only go up even during Election Day.
Jonas Brothers
because it's F U N
(until you eventually hit a mine and die)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Or a bearish trend with dead cat bounce days in between.

Puts are the new calls on almost everything.
Tomorrow, there will no longer be any campaign ads. At last.
Pay
Me
Not to be too vulgar in my language but tomorrow might get goofy
[deleted]
Florida
[deleted]
For the market this is what’s most worrying. I think there’s a really good chance the election is contested, no matter who wins.
SPY futures gonna drop so fucking hard tonight.
I'd love that too.  Let's see it.
Oh I'm sorry mister marsh
Transferred to 100% my TSP to G Fund.
That’s sort of the problem. Lol.

Godspeed.
John Exter made his pyramid before the advent of paper metals shares. He would probably lump those in with money, or more vulnerable than that. https://sdbullion.com/media/wysiwyg/Blog/How_much_gold_is_there_in_the_world_SD_Bullion_SDBullion.com_John_Exter_pryamid_updated_2018.jpg
For
Fortune favors the bold and retarded
Oo yeah I only use this one for trading
The table doesn't have that info.
Tech stocks are going to be flat for the next 2 years
Nah, live in a small city, literally nothing will happen here.  Meth/ opiods / heroine and domestic violence are the only crimes that happen here.
In a normal year waiting a few days for a state to certify their results happens all the time. The news calls states early but most states don’t officially certify for days or weeks

All this will depend on how the news and joe and mango spin it
u fucker
How mm’s manipulate markets for massive financial gains
Since when does inflation yield 1,000%?
Fidelity disabled that option as well last week. Was for the best. Kept me from making some stupid plays Friday afternoon when the market decided to pump EOD like it did.
I second this vote
Game theory and machine learning
[removed]
Anyone buying TDOC here?
Yeah, I mean, I'm not holding and the market certainly has very good reasons for plunging, but you'd think the few companies that are actually doing very well would be rewarded. I'm so over this market.
What's difference between this and just putting an iPad with magnets on my current fridge?
Would that mean we get Harris instead?
[deleted]
 Its the SoftBank effect if they buy shares😂
[deleted]
President Harris you say?
City wok or the ball cancer one.
Lol I know. Spy and Tesla FDs only.

I play options as well but my dominant position is always shares.
knowingly throwing away your vote after people died for freedom should be a crime
Cartman has Tourette’s
Absolutely
32 cents. What’s wrong with you stupid
Really? VW has a contract with Germany to build EVs? Source on that one? I'm surprised the stock didn't shoot up on that news. 

VW has a ton of competition globally outside of that and will continue to have competition as more competitors jump into the EV race, so how much global marketshare they'll have is TBD. I've also read bad things about their current EVs. Articles claim the operating range is poop and the cars fit and finish is also poop. 

When the largest country in the world has invested in one EV car company to supply hundreds of millions of their own country with EVs you take notice. And NIO will go globally as well. 

I haven't purchased any NIO stock but watching how it pans out. On one hand you have China backing this singular company and on the other hand...its China so who knows what will happen.
I don't know how you guys are still playing this market.  It's like a minefield of bear and bulltraps everywhere
LUXTY calls.  

LUXTY owns RayBan.

Biden wears RayBan Aviators. It's his trademark look.

If Biden wins, Aviators become cultural fashion icon.  LUXTY rockets.

LUXTY calls.
If they can save pied piper, they can do my trades
The WoW episode or the imagination land series.
Team america
Scott Ternorman must die.
priced in
How fucked is the IV on my 3/21 calls? Sitting at around 35% right now am i getting smoked Wednesday
Randy Wheel of Fortune
I have 20 days, not 20 years for these companies.
True that but the day after the election is gonna fuck me I just know it
No Sim
thoughts & prayers
I just want to see a drop to $315, then it’ll be time to buy calls
same risk on "both sides"
Zm snap pins logi aapl ericcson crm 

Lots
A lot of them aren’t even able to vote.
Calls on BANS for the next 48 hrs 

This sub is going to be quiet next week
Lol u really think FL would have results on election night?
[removed]
2x 37p Jan 21, I was up last week but forgot about them, hoping for a dip this week to offload
Give it a few hours
That must be why she comes home to a bigger dick and nicer car at my house. You can’t win junior.
Green in the markets and red on the election map. Let's go
That’s what I’m saying. If he gets Texas it’s over quickly and we can get back to some Green Day’s.
Indices futures are a type of futures product.
Still doesn't make sense. EV will go up more with Biden win, not trump. Why do I want to buy EV when trump doesn't want EV? Sounds like a retarded play.
Enable futures if you can! It’s gonna be fun
Cmon guys we all know who's winning. And then when all the puts used for hedging/speculating expire, you get the reverse SoftBank effect where MM have to buy a ton of shares.
Ahmen
what is the best south park episode
But we only do 0 dte here :(
I am, but I'm a pussy so I'm only scraping like $30 a week
I had two great days last week and I've lost almost all of it today. Ama
That arbys turkey sandwhich looks dope actually
Nothing expires tomorrow though so you'll at least make it to Wednesday.
Please Tim Apple. Stop hurting me.
Ladies, what is up 👉😎👉
Her other boyfriend is simp with a tiny dick. He tried to make up for it with his car tho
puts on clapping.
RUN!
As long as the bathroom is just an open drain in the center of the room
[removed]
I can’t believe SPY is not red lol
I added to my position.  All aboard, next stop is the earth's core.  The conductor for this trip with be the one and only Sarah Palin!  
#DRILL BABY DRILL
[deleted]
Smart play
You think so? Large youth turnout?
uh, no they ain't lol
Imagine biden wins the election and a few seconds later he gets a heart attacks because he's too old to handle this much excitement. Long live orange man
Jpow has made a mockery of creative destruction
U r right but why take the risk it moons?
I'm sitting on AC $20c 2022 if it makes you feel better
Today we were blood green even with tech stocks dumping. Tomorrow when tech stocks also join the party, there will be massive pump.
Actual recession
[removed]
Has your freezer stopped working yet? Great purchase dumbass
Fuck microsoft 
Fuck paypal
Santa will come in the form of a 🌈🐻. Don’t you worry little autist
Hahaa
Nice!!
Hey that’s my wife you sick bastid-go away
It's pretty much a toss-up at this point. All the major cities are blue but the rest of the state is red. If Biden can somehow win Texas then he'll win the election
I can see retards here taking Robinhood to small courts.

Retard - “yes Judge Judy I’d like to sue my broker for all the money I lost on options”

Judge - “the total amount equals to $3.74 yes?”

Retard - “that’s...that’s correct ma’am, that’s my dinner for tonight”
You guys freaking out about big tech need to grow some balls and hold or add. Also I know this isn’t the wsb way but shares are a practical guarantee to be a big winner on these, no matter the choppiness of things like elections.

I like to think - in 20 years will this company still be dominant? 

I feel like humanity will end if google dies. Similar with Amazon.

Those are my big two but also feel super safe with apple, Microsoft, Facebook, visa as long term positions.

Long term thesis is tech is the way with growth of AI and efficient solutions. Especially if we ever get to AGI which I think we will in our lifetimes.
How to achieve financial nirvana with 0DTE options
I'd be surprised if Vix doesn't go to 50, politicians are already suing to invalidate votes in Texas...lmafo
WSB calls on the CEO of SPY to step down immediately
What region are you feelin? South? Panhandle?
I’m not sure if she ducks. That’s new. But she fucks in nicer cars like her other boyfriend has.

Quack quack mf
You forget that the window must always be open so one can fling themselves out at any moment
I think it’s ON semiconductors but they did not rally like I hoped on their earnings

Their semi conductors, environmental, ev uses them, industrial uses them so lots of growth potential

Also acquisition target potential
Lol yesterday politics were claiming that Biden got az easy 😂😂
[deleted]
What do you think of Stadia? $GOOG
keep screaming at my shorts to become profitable. Shorting CL and AAL,  long on vix in short-term and short on it longterm. Lets see what happens.
[removed]
It doesn't matter if the glass is half full or half empty.

The glass is upside down and we're all inside it.
Safer than parties in that respect from literal experience.
Yay we won! 🏆
The effect of providing unemployment cheques larger than previous income to low income families and its effect on the local economy. ie what happens when the lower and middle class has extra money to spend and who ultimately benefits or not.
And $40 eow
This is a weird flex.
It's not work if you enjoy what you're doing 😉
Will UVXY hit $19 between now and Friday?
Bong water
Kanye?
[deleted]
Keep going, I'm almost there...
Lmao your gf loves getting ducked down in the back of my Mazda
Listen Bubs, you hear that? Sounds of the whispering winds of shit. Beware, my friend shit winds are comin’
there was no way that all the normal people would be right lol, that’s why we have sharks
Nice, I'm waiting to pounce on Voo, VGT and Arkk...plz let them temporarily burn
The media is going to be classic if it’s not even close. They will be hysterical and it’s going to be so fucking funny.
weed stocks i’m scared. wtf happened to tilray
Ok coo. And according to your flair, you are killing it.
I’m retarded, how did you make money with a break even price of 40$ ?
It absolutely can, but you can strategize to negate a lot of that with research. You look for low premium stuff, generally generic rounds/bars on sale or "junk" (silver dimes, quarters, half dollars, etc... from before 1965), you see what local coin and pawn shops pay most for in your area, you see what the ebay/facebook marketplace/craigslist situation is, also many of the major bullion sites will actually buy back stuff you've bought from them. Optimally you are only selling when spot price has risen enough and you have enough volume for old premiums/costs not to matter much. There are also some Depositories that you can store your shit at who you can buy and sell silver with at almost spot really fast.

If I have an emergency, I can go down to a specific local pawn shop that will pay a buck under spot for generic silver all day every day.
Hmm NIO held +10%
I think we could see $35 tomorrow
Too small of bet limits. Only 850/bet? Bovada where it's at but their political bets aren't tradeable.
The correlation between r/wallsteetbets and autism.
what the hell are you doing with a gun in space?
You're getting coal and nothing else
[deleted]
Exactly 17
Both sides are gearing up to. I'd put money on that it'll goto supreme court
I’ve already seen the ANT IPO mentioned so many fucking times on here, it’s become very obvious it’s priced in and will probably drop. 

This place is the kiss of death.
How the federal reserve manipulates markets
Amd let you down?? How is this possible
Read your title. *Only* 2 times in the last 20 years... i was thinking so 40% of the time? That's not *that* interesting.

Then I saw the table was over a 40 year period and just shook my head.
Feels sorry for her cause her Macy's position shit the bed.
How robinhood and wsb have changed the way young people invest their money.
Was gna slap this all over his greasy face but looks like you beat me to it
The impact of BRRRRRR
gotta work, huh?
Therapy?
If their reports go well on the 17th, I think you may be ok.
 Can you help me understand what I am missing?

Bought TAN 50c = 6.80 (Paid Premium of $680)

Option #1 Sell Option

Current Value of Option = $22.50 ($2,210.00)

Total Return = 2,210.00 - $680 = $1,530.00

P/L = 1,530.00 - 680 = **$850**  


Option #2 Exercise Option

Purchase shares: 100 x 50 = 5,000

Sell shares at current price: 100 x 70.15 = 7,015

Intrinsic value = 7,015 - 5,000

P/L = 2,015 - $680 = **$1,335**
Everyday after my shift for a beer, I’m a server so give or take, you’ll be fine, just go to quieter bars if you care.
[deleted]
I agree
You won’t be disappointed. Goes down smooth like honey, but not too sweet where it takes the edge off like Hennessy.
They already are tf. Those and their wayfarers.
AVO
trading psychology of gey bears
Am i wrong to think sqqq calls for early January are a good idea?
My ideal trading set up is a converted warehouse. Imagine 20,000 sq feet of immaculate polished concrete floors and patina'd brick walls and tastefully exposed duct work in the ceiling. Now imagine that room and put me in it sitting on a black stool against the wall that has the only outlet and Im trading on my Galaxy 5s with a cracked screen. There is nothing else in the room.
All I want for Christmas is a red day tomorrow
Long story short the last three earnings I sorta had same plays and sold early but my calls were ridiculous after earnings .so this time I said let me let it ride
announced stock buy back plan and other executive level improvements.
Make bullying great again 🇺🇸 Fuck ticktokers, theyy shouldn't be allowed to vote
CIRCUIT BREAKER INCOMING
buh-dum-tssshhhh...
I was tempted to vote Biden after the first debate. The 2nd debate saved my vote for him. I wish Trump had a more mature demeanor.
he looks dumb, though
[deleted]
Same. AAPL is hitting 106 this week
Tastes nothing like Hennessy lol one is flavored whiskey one is cognac
[deleted]
His name is Tim Apple you autistic retard.
You first and your Mazda.
Ummm, he's also racist
Hypothetically what should I go all into if I expect a Jeb Bush win?
My boi risked his life for that selfie, who are we to not risk everything for these tendies?
This didn't age very well
9 minutes. And it matters to us trading it.
https://lmgtfy.app/?q=what+time+do+futures+open
Preference by profession. The autists have spoken

https://ibb.co/VChZM2F
Stonks only go up
Why’s that?
You made $216 today good start champ only $12,224 to go retard
Wow that’s a bad move if I have ever seen one lol
Kanye
how robinhood trading actually impacts the market (spoiler: it dont)
15 minutes until I know for sure my puts are fucked. It's been great guys but bulls you win I'm more than likely wiped out tomorrow
Whiskey
Ah a man of class
I’m in this thread so you’re probably right. Now go back under your bridge with your bf, troll!
Can you help me see what is missing here?  


Bought TAN 50c = 6.80 (Paid Premium of $680)

Option #1 Sell Option

Current Value of Option = $22.50 ($2,210.00)

Total Return = 2,210.00 - $680 = $1,530.00

P/L = 1,530.00 - 680 = **$850**

&#x200B;

Option #2 Exercise Option 

Purchase shares: 100 x 50 = 5,000

Sell shares at current price: 100 x 70.15 = 7,015

Intrinsic value = 7,015 - 5,000

P/L = 2,015 - $680 = **$1,335**
[deleted]
CoD Cold War
After losing as much I did I hope it all burns
Isn’t the vix going to smoke you?
r/itrunsdoom
What’s the difference between futures and indices futures
please let it be kanye
r/investing
Picked up NIO January 40C at 33.2. Fuk?
[removed]
[deleted]
Smells like green tomorrow
Luxottica owns rayban
couple quick google searches: U.S has 400 million guns in circulation, Texas has 830k firearms registered
Metamucil
I don't think you're anything but a retard for believing this antifa garbage.
Lol
Username checks out XD
Same. Or kombucha. Dry nov for me
Please give me an interesting subject for my bachelor thesis related to finance and economics.
It’s was way lower today
Someone is drinking pee, but it's authentic since they aren't posting about it
Mango?
Still NIO.
I doubt the markets will fall as a direct result of Biden. But I still think things are overheated and expect a big correction regardless of who wins.
[removed]
We all know who’s winning tomorrow, like seriously.
Confucious say: ‘Man who lose plesidential erection can still fuck nation silly’
west-sider here, nice hedge
Shut up retard
Cap
Calls on Biden lol
[deleted]
What was up with this non-volume day?
 Southside Chicago here. 

Even if they had riots, how could you even tell from a regular day?
Infrastructure and clean energy stimulus if Dems win.
Yea, me and many people I know were originally going to vote for trump but changed our minds so theres also that
werent the big banks manipulating the silver trade and got caught? had to pay fine? that would be my guess
Don’t forget to invite your friends!!!
Just vibin
[removed]
Only will matter if GA, NC, or FL don’t go for Biden. PA will only matter if Trump wins all the other battleground states he won in 2016.

Those 3 states will have all their results in on election night.
[deleted]
MODSSSS this man appears to have a mango wedged in his anus we must operate immediately
Did you just compare negotiations and audits for a billion dollar company to the way you coyly negotiate for a couple grand off your car? lol.
Under 45%
Might just put my cock in a sock
Mark Kelly by a landslide
Green Party!
Hmm, haven’t tried that one. Might have to give it a taste
We should just make democracy illegal
Probably be fine it'll be concentrated to a small area just stay inside and jerk off  and yolo FD puts
AH this flat usually means choppy day tomorrow.
Vodka
Cum
Prob moon if clear winner
True if 🥭 wins media will be saying recount and saying 🥭 didn’t  win. Pee pee Russia scandal 2.0
Only if you can’t build your own shit and get a premade pc for 45% more.
Helping my gf move out and back down to Florida
Depending on how it goes, bleach.
Damn good point.
[deleted]
At what time "the thing which doesn't matter" opens?
On green days my account is red. On red days my account is very red.
I know fellow wsb will love PredictIt
AMZN keeps on dipping wtf
When you will you tards learn it’s all about guidance. No guidance no gains.
Have a lot of puts on Apple 

Show me limit down
Would make a pretty shitty WSB YOLO if it wasn’t ill advised now, would it?
0
jesus how greedy are you
Bush v Gore ("hanging chads") the market(S&P) puked 7.5+% in the 3 weeks following the election while Florida recounted. "Historians" will point out there was a subsequent rebound but I can tell you right now, this sub would be freaking out if we dropped another 7.5% from here.

Edit - Maybe that's why we've dropped this much in the last few weeks, we've "priced it in".

Good article - [https://blairbellecurve.com/what-happens-to-the-stock-market-during-a-contested-presidential-election/](https://blairbellecurve.com/what-happens-to-the-stock-market-during-a-contested-presidential-election/)
Dude nancy has big tiddies
Ayyyyy 😤
I like this that’s my re-entry point.
Apple dying AH? That’s new.... FUCK TIM COOK FIX YOUR SHIT
[deleted]
For real... thing is sick
QQQ down 0.059% AH!

Bulls r fuk!
SPY 360 February
It’s great for like a 1k play. I just opened 200 19.5/20p 22/22.5c 11/6 at .45 credit

If it really spikes Wednesday at open I’ll debate buying back the put spread and trying to double down and profit from both sides
Actually yess
Congrats. You’re still stupid.
And $40 eow
I’ve already accepted Trump’s defeat. He had a good term but he’s not gonna be able to double his luck again
[deleted]
Yeah cause then I could retire
What’s the next NIO I can yolo half my portfolio on
Calls will print as long as their is a clear winner on election night. If Biden gets FL, GA, NC (states that will have their results in on election night.) by a big margin. We already know who won.
I'd do way worse to 10x my portfolio
What price you looking at for leaps? I bought a bunch of shares at $26 and I’m waiting for a slide to buy leaps too. Thought it might go lower but it’s just been going up
[deleted]
Business are already boarded up
The NYT is bringing back the needle on a state by state basis lol. Democrats' heads will explode
[deleted]
/u/sec
I’ll probably go with pint of Jack Daniels: Tennessee Honey. Poor mans Hennessy but taste just as good.
I’m in Austin. Already did my voting last week. Goodbye mango
Bought a few shares today. The pet market is practically recession proof ( at least in the USA)
I wish. I have 25% of my account in theta (short vol) strategies and it's also down the past week. Tech has been crushed and moved way more than realized vol lately.

No one here even knows what "theta" is. There's barely any "theta" to collect until the last 2-3 days until expiration.
You’re special! That’s what I’m saying moron. My clock in my car was still set one hour ahead.
DC has some smoke shows out there. I spent a few weekends out there back in February
Like blue state communist
[deleted]
Yes I was up .. I was trying to play pre earnings runs and earnings as a last resort but the premiums kept being crushed everyday
\*witch
You must have been waiting for a million dollar payday otherwise there was not a single call that didn’t profit before or after split. I turned $90 to $6K - lost it all later but that’s besides the point...
my puts fucked me today so they better print tomorrow
I would definitely hit it if she married me and became my sugar momma
Calls in what?👀👀
Lol im excited for after hours drama tomorrow night
You'd have to ask someone with experience arranging IPOs how far ahead of time compliance staff are normally hired.  

In my experience those sort of audits are time consuming so it wouldn't surprise me if it would be recommended to hire them a year or two before you want to IPO.
Doesn’t need to make sense. It needs to make me money.
🌞🌱🚀🌙
You hang out in some shitty places dude.  No violence here in Hawaii.
Seriously. Calls on Ray Ban because if Biden wins his trademark Aviators are going to become a cultural symbol and back in vogue.
How does one trade in lame duck session? Idc who wins, want to be prepared either way
Hemlock
Might do the same 👍
0.03 crushing it
Other than specific sectors, I think it'll be quieter than people are expecting. He's been in the lead for a while and it's growing.
i bought some spy LEAPS today.  what the fuck is wrong with me

EDIT: Surprised at the interest in this comment
What’s normal iv 24%? seeing some calls i own they are at 32% and a little freaked too
They could be heading that way
Water
[removed]
Like a big city? Because ain’t shit gonna pop off in rural areas since everyone and their mother is armed.
Too bad the tablet in your fridge will go out in 2 years... or next week when you lose your bankroll because of bad calls.

PSA 

Samsung fridges are terrible and break down often. The model with the clear door and this model are both gimmicky pieces of junk.
I went from bear to bull and tits to ass guy this year. It’s like I matured twice as fast
Can’t keep Nio down for long! 🚀
4 $40 11/6 puts @1.05 here. Bought at 12:51 and was up 20% and didn’t sell, now I’m down 15%
This dude's upper lip is red af and he tells us not to drink the koolaid
Like 4 million
That would be a killer 💯
Didn’t u see what happened in this earnings season?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Calls on CHWY is the wave for tm

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmww9m
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmww9m) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/TheOptionsBettor, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dwm42
zilliondollarthrill
420-69pussysmoker
XXXHELLBOY
kde873kd84
liv tyler
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Either that or secede
[deleted]
[deleted]
Make Bullying Great Again!
After election I got you with plays
The reason that I can't pin this down is because I truly do not understand orange man. Is he just talking shit or is he willing to really back it up when push comes to shove? I honestly think this is why the market doesn't like him that much. Not even their greatest minds and algos can predict the wrath of big orange.
Maybe a little drop, but who knows
civ 5 is fantasic. my rule is no even numbered civs. have never even played an even number civ for more than a minute, but have like 4000 plus hours in odd numbered civs
My calls ⚰️
Probably removing something to sell. Maybe no screen or battery.
Old fashion
No way it’s gonna be contested
Yup agree. Think of all the people who didn’t vote for Hillary not making that mistake again.
They are social distanced and wear masks so I feel it's safe. I also live in small town.
God I hope
Yes texanians, vote for trump
Not trolling.
Feels like tomorrow is an earnings announcement for the country, and I have calls
My theta plays are praying for flat. I don't know if we'll have a winner by EOD tomorrow so vol probably won't drop. I've been wrong before though (a lot).
[removed]
Big time turnout in HTX. Harris Co is blue but feeling good overall
Ouch! Probably a good idea to roll into the 45’s. I’m going to ride these dec exp and just take it as it comes.
Woah.
Robinhood is calling your name 😈😌
rotation into Plug
Dude shares are redeemable at $20 without a merger. This might be the most literal display of retardation I’ve ever seen.
What’s everyone drinking for the election?
Can never be too safe
What city are you in? New Orleans seems like we chill. There are very few Trump supporters though.
Yuuuuppppp
I followed up on your flair
[removed]
What do you think will actually happen to the market if Biden wins
Come thursday you'll be asking different questions my friend
AMC?? Really thought we’d see some inverse logic with this one.
I would love to be wrong but I just don’t see it happening this time. He was very lucky in 2016, hard to double the luck again. (Not sure why I’m being downvoted for discussion)
Is a 3 day election result delay due to waiting on Pennsylvania priced in? 🤔
Ask zlatan ibrahimovic
What is TWTR doing AH?
[deleted]
Theta gang eating at a steak n shake

Everyone else back in the cooler doin whippets
[deleted]
Calm before the shitstorm
Not tomorrow.
Yes, a lot of reports of reinfections
My vix calls 😎
Feeling a Donny Pump
Lol band
Ban for spam
Out of 95 million ballots turned in today how many do you think are cast to orange man?
Bruce Willis reached there first, you know the rest.
338 gap fill tomorrow?
When’s the IV crush? Immediately after Election Day? Or end of the week? This shit gonna be violent if we don’t get a huge move. I’m sure MMs gonna keep us flat tomorrow just because.
What’s your next play? The exact opposite will definitely print
Only way we know the results tomorrow night is if Biden wins.
That’s everyday tho
wtf are you even talking about
This is not the solution.

 Robinhood is never the solution
Not scared of the rona?
That was my mistake as well
Allegedly, not sure if I buy that or not
Turning everyone bearish then mooning.
its green bro
It's gonna disappear in the winter. It will be like magic.
We just had 3 red weeks ina row dummy
Lol @ flair
It did. So did ttcf after its merger and then it tanked
[removed]
November 4th
Like scythe and hammer communist?
Product presentations are just shows. Numbers on the next 10-K is what really matters.
Hey Texas where you at and how we feeling about tomorrow?

Y’all can save the world man.
Tiktokers shouldn't be allowed to vote, we need to bring bullying back
Because it's not a contested election, it's the day before a contested election.
Honestly think that only happens if 🥭 wins.
I honestly think we will know who wins Tuesday night
Currently playing black flag, which is why I asked
think so too, whether he concedes or drags it out in the courts is the question..
That sucks. I had a decent entry on TWTR so I'm up something small, like 4%. I'm sure your calls will rebound the next few days.
When Trump gets re-elected. It will!
Would they be boarding up businesses if they expected a Biden victory?
Baba is strong and has the ant ipo in the background go for fucking net or one of those 😂
Oh, so you’re an immune.
Southside Chicago here. Hopefully a non-event but if not, I'm loading up on booze and not leaving home for a few days.
Hey Get off his mom..... I just got off yours
You aren’t Scandinavian then 😂
Ya growth in general is just struggling for some reason. My March $220’s are gonna get crushed tomorrow I’m sure, but I really think it’s a buyable dip. I’m also in shares around $182. So I’ll probably average down there as well.
Lmao u must think I’m a republican for fucking with you. Don’t be so sensitive kid. Just cuz you got triggered doesn’t mean I’m leaning to either side...p.s please don’t start burning shit around your neighborhood this Wednesday night
[deleted]
You posted this yesterday
[deleted]
Sedg  😅😬
If anyone loaded up on puts for tmr, you win. Sleep well.
50/50
Add salami and die happy
concur actually, unless it's already run up? the last time I was thinking about DGLY, I guess that stooge will meade pumped it on tweeter shortly thereafter, and it pumped & dumped.
You win 🏆
What happened to the asteroid people were talking about?
big in america though
This guy on CNBC’s Fast Pitch has a nose of playdoh wtf
Literally the second someone gets elected, ALL IN on calls and or puts
Same. CC FDs only. I actually don’t want to get called away haha
Need NIO to open at $34 tomorrow
Yea, they've made acquisitions to be producers and distributors of hydrogen,which increases their market potential by like 1000%.

Obviously much of this is priced in at this point, but lots of growth potential over the next years
You have no idea wtf you are doing.

Why the fuck would you even talk about futures right now? Spy is up 0.12 not percent. 0.04 AH.
[removed]
Youth voters rarely turnout in large numbers, and the enthusiasm gap between Biden and Trump is significantly in Trump’s favor. Not a guarantee, but your a bit backward in your analysis.
I’m in Texas. Shit will be rough if Biden wins
[deleted]
To tendies  brothers!
I just double bottomed on my portfolio, green day confirmed for the next week.
Might be a documentary soon 😬
So my weed stocks are going to the moon?
I had it early on
I've been feeling this also.  This is not good.
Yes. But when you say Scandinavian they generally do not think of guys born in Saudi Arabia.
Thx. I needed to hear this
[deleted]
I hear hot wings kill the rona.  They don’t like spicy foods.
If you have money American girls like you (that’s goes for all women world wide)
Rules 1 and 2
Come on, man. He'll win the contested election
The herd is split
Hmmmmm
I also have rkt i sell cc’s with. Definitely a longterm hold for me
Yep. I'll take being called a pussy I'd just rather not roll the dice on something that isn't money
I heard those Scandinavian guys have monster cocks
u posted this already.

no
Must be the losses making me go insane
Already lost what I lost, made it back on SPY, lost it on SPY, made it back again on DGLY lol
The likes of which !
Say that to my face fat bastard
Odds on The Purge trending #1 on US Netflix tonight?
Then u gotta yell IM COOOOMING so it cancels out the prostate stimulation
Just tell them you have oil money.
All I got was a holocaust tattoo
-1k x 10 = -10k. 

Just so you know retards know how math works.
🤡
Plug is the fucking shit that's what's up
#LIKE YOU'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE
Honestly a super underrated movie
Are you the handsome kind or the ugly kind?
 You talk like a f@g, and your shit's all retarded
If $AAPL had real vision they would have bought $TSLA
Spy would need to go up $30-40 in the next month for it to be a 1000% play lol
Can sponges get the rona?
No.
I have one ! Why ?
Spy would need to go up $30-40 in the next month for it to be a 1000% play lol
Doesn't even affect me what happens.
I did not
Honestly as a Trump voter, he’s gonna lose tomorrow. The turnout is reason alone, plus the amount of youth votes. Come on
I've been flummoxed by the stock plummeting all week, while options prices are legendarily high. Like, what the hell is going on?
You guys are getting paid?
Yes but the blonde ones only.
Bobs
Held all my CGC that I bought last week. I’m fucking in it to win it
[removed]
It's ok if you wear a white hood and approach them with a torch, they'll take that as a sign of peace.
When I was in high school I knew a group of kids who were secret communist sympathizers and had communist flags in their locker lol
Made 20% in the first 20 minutes. Then bought TWTR calls expiring in December and already down 18% on them.
I know the feeling 🥱
Take breaks. It's an addiction
Lol

I am not even sure if you are trolling or willing to help
Me too.  Scared of the rona.
Too hairy
The calm before the storm...maybe
The numb feeling of getting exercised
😂
10 times 0 is still 0, so I’ll sit this one out
Lol how you feel a week after
Red deads and Witcher. For nostalgia San Andreas
So you have puts on a stock at $20 that is redeemable, in cash, at $20 a share if no merger is made or prior to merger? Man I wondered who bought those fucking puts I sold to insulate against a prolonged period of no movement. I have 1P 1 $30 call per 100 shares so should be a 6-8 y/y% return if it does jack shit and goes down to $20 and 51% if it rallies to 30. The only way to really lose money is to hold thru merger and then it tanks, but you still have warrants to insulate some downside and I don't see people holding thru at $20 a share if sentiment dictates its worth less. Also the more people who bail the more warrants for everyone else, hence the "tontine" structure. Warrants that would have been issued had people not redeemed their shares still go to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis.
This is the way
👏
Wheel the War
Forgot your meds again?
You’re forgetting about theta gang.
I use an old iphone as an ipod sometimes.  Good alternative to draining cell battery
Yes
Not scared of the rona?
II think unless the margin is razor thin, big business will pressure establishment Republicans into recognizing a Biden win.

Trump can whine all he wants, if republicans, business interests and the military all acknowledge Biden win, there’s not a ton he can do. Trump has pissed off a lot of people who I suspect will drop him the second it’s clear he no longer has a claim to legitimate power.
You can add solar stonks to this question. I think they might keep going up--Boomers watching election coverage tonight and tomorrow may decide Biden's gonna win it after all and buy in.
The first ever Category 10 hurricane about to hit the US.
Whether Biden wins or not the rioting is inevitable. A lot of people just look for excuses to loot.
Do american girls like scandinavian guys? (I was born in Saudi Arabia but moved to sweden when I was 12)
[deleted]
I consider it yes, especially for people who are going long and holding
I’d eat her shit
TAKE. THE. PLASTIC. OFF. PLEASE.
Nio going back to $30
Please someone help. I can't stop eating cheez its
Dude I’m holding jnug and Fisker udontknowshitaboutit
MSFT is yet to demonstrate they know how to develop/publish an original hit (in many many years at least). They couldn’t even figure Halo out for launch.
Iauto is coming!
Nerd is the new jock! Have you been living under the rock
RH doesn't let you buy 0DTE
I’ve been reloading on rocket shares. I think they’re ready to take off again. 900 shares on it right now, think it will go over 30 in coming weeks.

Not being treated as a fin tech although I think with time they’ll be recognized as that. Plus been so much downturn, rebound from technical standpoint appears to be here, and earnings coming up 11/10 in a Booming housing market.
A lot
Oh no buddy...
We are tho aren’t we lol
PayPal drop some moahhh
Are you that broke that you couldn't afford a cellphone plan?
Quiet here in Chicago, but you never know what'll happen tomorrow.
If you count dining then more times than I can count.
[https://www.lightercapital.com/blog/what-are-stock-warrants/](https://www.lightercapital.com/blog/what-are-stock-warrants/)

Also go through PSTH SEC info on the forced redemption clause. Frankly PSTH/WS are still to expensive for me. I'd start thinking about it if it <6.5, even then I'd still just buy the common because of the 2/9 warrant with 1 share.
Welcome to earnings season.
Would you inhale a Nancy pelosi fart to 10x your portfolio?🤔
Stop being late to plays. Don't follow the herd.
If u can proudly accept you are an autist, you become unstoppable and the toilet seat height becomes the limit
And here I thought it was just something my asian family and friends and their friends do.
relax, you acting as it drilled like pypl
LOL.  Thank you for proving me right :)
Stuck in NYC over the election. Kinda scared that shit will get ugly if Trump wins. Already saw BLM protestors over philly shooting the past week or so
?????

Joke or serious? Can't tell
Lol 1999 is a tank that takes over a decade to recover!
Ok so can someone explain what value does inspire see in buying dunking? I really can’t understand why they did it 😂😂
II think unless the margin is razor thin, big business will pressure establishment Republicans into recognizing a Biden win.

Trump can whine all he wants, if republicans, business interests and the military all acknowledge Biden win, there’s not a ton he can do.
Had a nice run today
Good one :)
Ty for this update my day has been improved
Can i ask my broker to disable 0dte options? Protect me from myself
Good one
This guy gets symmetry groups.
You magnificent retard
If all tech companies crash after earnings, wouldn't it make sense to short baba? or not because it's Chinese??
That’s nothing. $50 EOY.
If you want to play earnings sell credit spreads
Down 1% chill
Would I be dumb to buy $nio calls like 2021 calls and basically use that as a savings. Put my whole savings on long calls?
Nope because the anxiety of the collective influences your decision making.
it's not in tech. it's in consumer cyclical:

https://finviz.com/map.ashx?t=sec
Imagine letting mango man disrupt your sleep cycle
I mean, you can cash out for $20 a share, so downside is very limited.
Ever since they re-opened? Every week

Wing tuesday baby!
Nah, I have a PC too so it's more for exclusives. I got nothing against xbox though. My usual set up is just PC/PS/Whatever nintendo is doing
A black soldier fighting for the south.
FYI - Riots are not likely if Biden loses, not the rioting type. Boarded up shops are for if the mango loses.

Edit - Imagine we're all in high school and the nerd loses, do you think all the nerds rise up and toss their desks through the windows?
It spiked as soon as you posted this, lmao
Now that’s bearish
[I'd rather be on a boat with Remy Lacroix](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=remy+lacroix&t=fpas&iar=images&iax=images&ia=images)
None
[deleted]
2
Over 50 times
Yeah profit is profit. My stop loss on Nio triggered and i never jumped back in and I just sat back and watched it take off. 🤷🏽‍♂️
I feel that. Feels like something from another life at this point.
A bunch......and ive been playing a shit ton of pinball and pool.....haven’t even had the sniffles.
Haha yep.
I would think 100 would be a huge barrier psychologically just because going from 3 digit to 2 digit seems crazy. But a very smart poster here who has called plays like PINS and SNAP before they happened said that they think AAPL might truly be worth like $90.

The stock has crazy backing though by some very big names. I personally feel like 100 would be hard to break thru unless we have a huge market correction or something.
No he doesn't. In fact it goes against everything walmart has been doing with Daimler.
how dare u call our election dumb
bro, PC didnt even exist when PS3 came out
Either 35 or 30 but def one of them 

Pls be 35
Sony exclusives.
Wait, what?
“Welcome to Costco, I love you”
So are weed stonks going to deflate tomorrow or continue unorganized rally ?
inflexibility, ease of use, and optimization at the expense of flexibility
Man I hope fsr is done shitting itself
Facts... or at least until China crashes the world economies agin 😔
This makes no sense. Spy makes no sense
/r/murderedbyflair
Not digging this NIO AH action
\-1
At least a dozen times
I invested in the board company, BCC.  Feeling pretty good.
I’ll be in Beverly Hills with some kerosene ready to roll if Trump wins without winning the popular vote.
We won’t know the results for at least a few days, maybe even weeks. 538 puts the chances that either candidate will win 270 on night of election at slim odds
I’m actually impressed with all the sideways movement of the market you managed to stay on top. Mine used to look like that until someone stabbed me in September.
life changes as we know it tm for a week or 2
Assassins creed 3 or black flag
[removed]
How is Australia spy doing
Why is Dan Nathan making a pass at Karen Finebaum Live on-air?
[deleted]
And not the xbox? I was recently told that xbox is better because msft keeps buying these games studios and therefore is will have the larger selection. 

Disclaimer: I game exclusively on pc so I am not part of the console wars
APHA!!!
Yeah I correctly assumed today was a green index day. I wrongly assumed that would drag PINS up to post earnings levels like SNAP. 3 contracts only but damn that's some shenanigans
Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom

I'm doin your mom. Yes yours!

I first saw her in the Wal-Mart pickin out your drawers.

Big Dolly Parton hair like an 80s prom queen

But her ass was lookin good all up in those mom-jeans.

I approached her in the checkout line, and said yo baby wassup?

She had two gallons of milk, and I was starin at her jugs.

Five minutes later she agreed to get with me

So we went and rocked the minivan like Giggity. Giggity. Giggity.

I was ridin your mom like she was Mario Kart.

I gave her a lift back to her crib cause her car wouldn't start.

She invited me in the house, and we started makin out again.

How many times I tap that ass? OVER 9000!

Yeah. She called me Pledge cause I knocked the dust off it.

She later made me a sandwich and she cut the crust off it.

Cause she knows how I like it, and that I'm a little young

To be in the bed, butt-naked doin your mom.

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom

I like your mamas big butt, and I cannot lie.

You other brothers can't deny that she's fly.

We make sexy time, yes and every night I tap that.

She saw me butt-naked, now she thinks I'm half black.

But your moms the best, the super M.I.L.F.

Cause she loves to toss the salad even though she ain't a chef

And I blame it on the al-al-al-cohol

But If I were you, I wouldn't kiss your mom on the mouth at all.

She likes the Donkey-Punch. She likes the Dirty Sanchez.

Sometimes she even likes to fool around in your bed.

She likes rough sex with handcuffs and I'll be honest

She likes me to Chris Brown her when she acts like Rihanna.

She's so therapeutic. When I need to cure my restlessness

I br-br-br-br-br-br-br-br motorboat your moms breastestess.

I didn't wanna tell you, but I had to write this song

Cause I'm in your house every night doin your mo-om.

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom

I'm havin sex with your mother

That makes me better than you.

I'm havin sex with your mother

That makes me better than you.

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin your mom doin doin your mom

Doin doin your mom doin doin your mom

You know we straight with doin your mom
Aside from holding NIO over the weekend, very similar day. With this volatility it feels silly holding anything overnight
[deleted]
Yall think nio hits $35 EOW??
\^\^this
"Oh, you buying 0dte spy puts? Man, you are retard"
omggg........amaz-on are named amazon cause they have amaz-ing gains
But how will you throw it when the Options expire worthless?
I had a nightmare that Trump won, feels bad man
real Americans Costco
Good luck with that. Unless he's elected.
Of course the person dumb enough to buy a fridge with a fucking tablet on it is gonna be on wallstreetbets
We can all agree that CNBC is clearly retarded.
Gaming on a PC is for nerds
Dude riots are must see tv
0
Oh wow ok. I just noticed that there was like 7k volume on the 110c for March today and a decent amount on the Jan 110c as well and was wondering why.
Sold for profit. So yeah, can’t complain too much.

I also sold most of my NIO shares at 20. Kicking myself over that too. Bought a few hundred at 13.

Have 100 left I’m letting ride.

But you’re right I shouldn’t beat myself up over taking profit.
Puts puts and more puts
Costco
Are you Boris Yeltsin?
poisonous beer?
I did my research
None, I miss bars but I'm not doing it yet
0
Fuck you might be right
Why not go into the ETF instead. reduces single company risk, pussy move I know
Costco
aren't you horribly down though if you sold puts instead of buying?
Have a downvote
Selling puts? That means ur fucked😂 buying puts was the play lol
why you triggered ? Are you one of the blue haired dinosaur spikes ppl or what
But we going to pump for 4 years
The auto bailout and housing bailout was less than a trillion combined
wtf do i need a PS5 for if i have a PC?
Theta gang
I hold a lot of China (BABA is by far my biggest stock position). The risks are really just technical - ie US administration pushes to delist China co’s which obviously would decrease demand for China stocks. As an offset, it seems that China as a whole is opening its market up (for example, reduced restrictions on China bond trading). But yeah you should be keenly aware of the China stock risk
This might be it. Ima take you out to eat ❤️
How many times have you been to a indoor bar since the pandemic started?
What if that makes me nut
Awesome!  Been a minute since I got to watch cities burn.
PYPL doubles profits and beats estimates yet tanks lol this market is retarded
It's not bankrupt yet?
I bought at $24 with $100k across shares, warrants, and LEAPs and now it’s down to $88k. I hope I make some monies
You have to do something that cancels that out..look at gay porn or whatever your equivalent to that is.
Did you sell at a loss? If you didnt, there is no point in stressing over lost profit.....

Atleast that is what Im telling myself now that im seeing nio moon after selling it at 20
I’ve also read something called “airtags”. Not sure.
Lets hope you are right
Did u lose a few bucks on amzn too?
flair checks out
Paypal growing revenue and EPS at 25% ish percent, is a free cash flow machine, and has done this despite the deintegration of EBay. 

Some will say it’s overvalued. Maybe. But I say in a zero interest rate environment, 40x next years Earnings with a 25% growth rate is highly reasonable. 

Ya. I’ll buy that dip.
They are paying 106.5 a share, so those options are free money.  They would need to back out of deal and somehow have a better offer to hit 110.  It’s free money for options sellers
Fisker / APHA / CGC / GRWG lets gooo  

🚀 

🚀
#Diablo 2
Who plays contra and fails to beat it? Do you not know up up down down left right left right, select start?
starcraft: brood war

or Diablo 2 expansion
Thanks for the info.
Yeah I right they did 18% 😂😂😂 but yeah they ran up like crazy you can even say to close to the sun 😂😂it was just a matter of time until they crash and burn 😂😂
I think you got that backwards. Easier to fix 500k votes than 50 million. If Biden wins by a few thousand votes in a single deciding state, Supreme court will rule on it without question.

If Biden destroys him, the case is harder to be made.
Not being an unpredictable retard is a big advantage this year
it means you are fuck
Kind of excited, feels like a movie. I’m in DC too, thought about leaving city though
Im going to America next week, I'm finally gonna visit one of those grocery stores that I hear about all the time, should I go to Target or Walmart?
If you probe your ass by midnight it cancels it out.
The OG
Any Civ game before 5
nope  
where do you see that?
So you looked at one person's bio and made assumptions about the rest?
Ghost of Tsushima
crack cocaine
[deleted]
I just need NIO to moon by the 13th so I can collect my bags and jump off this crazy ride
#Donnie,

#ONE LAST PUMP
Maga caps ath
You’re going to be a bi curious soldier?
wait until the low-point tomorrow. then SPY 400c 12/30
Stonks suck, world is being gay. All I'm looking forward to is PS5
[removed]
It makes sense but DIX def took a nosedive. Seems like people are buying up the 323 only now.
Echo and fire stick and digital content
No, it won’t because the 110 is probably higher than the acquisition price would be, unless they renegotiated which is unlikely.  The price usually hovers slightly under the acquisition price, on the slight chance it falls through
Not sure how a Chinese company has US flags after it but I’m down for that price point
This mobile game called Robinhood
Idk, the run today was kind of ridiculous. If you are looking for solar play pre-election, I might go with ICLN or FSLR. Didn't move much today--might have more potential to the upside Nov 4th.
I ended up selling 3x $180 strike PUTS contracts to collect premium. Hopefully it stays above the $175 range and I'll still be profitable.
yo not to get into politics or anything, but anyone slightly worried about tomorrow? businesses are all boarding up their windows and shit.

could be a complete overreaction, but... i dunno. im currently living in an apartment in a big city, and im non-zero concerned.
No, it’s just backed by the german govt to make EVs for the entirety of the world...
[deleted]
My guy, unfortunately that is the “least” of our problems rn.
Gotcha. Thanks for that
*Hey, I am from Australia which means I am from the future (its 9:34 AM on November 3 here).*  
   
I can't give the specifics lest I might change my past drastically (and the present). But I can hint you this:  
  
**Pulling the rug out**  
**From under my own feet**  
**Who knows where I’ll land next**
Lol
[deleted]
Whichever retard suggested selling puts on SEDG last Friday, I owe you a beer 😎
Never beat contra or that bastard earthworm jim
Date is 180 DTE, which means somewhere around 180 days to expiration.
Cash gang
NP
This post made me realize it’s nov 2nd and not 1st.
NCAA Football 14
RDR2 and GTA5
Sotp doing crack lmfao
AWS
Another vote for Diablo 2
MGS 2 that story is on another level relative to today
yea less dip buying looks like
If there's a Civil War I'm just gonna play both sides so I always come out on top
For sure one of the best stories.
What’s the 1000% play?
Yeah but don’t forget that this market is getting more and more competition from Disney Amazon and so but yeah I right not making money doesn’t mean shit anymore 😂 I would just not go all in on them but good luck what ever u decide bro I hope u make money😎
Far Cry 3, love the story, setting, and gameplay.
yes... why would they tax you for the money you initially deposited into the account..
all of them are profitable, they're hedged as fuck.
[removed]
If you’re using your friend’s account then he will get a form and he will have to pay taxes on it or deduct the loss. Therefore get your own account, buddy
I didn’t realize it was November 1st and I jerked off yesterday. Can I still participate in NoNutNovember?
Your mom
this guy fucks 👍
you love to see it
If you're drinking the kool-aid
Do Walmart and Target invest heavily in technology and run a giant server farm?
#$APHA BRAIN 3000
[deleted]
[deleted]
RDR2
Theta gang attacking Vienna right now 😨
Rocket League or Breathe of the Wild
Rachat and Clank
Gothic
All new iPhones now come with holographic Steve Jobs who relentlessly mocks and berates you no matter what you're doing. 

From the dishes to walking the dog to taking care of your biological offspring, iSteve will be there to push you to new levels of performance and invention.
Diablo 2 & Witcher 3
Examined historical data...  
[https://imgur.com/a/lz96Hjn](https://imgur.com/a/lz96Hjn)
Lol it does when political money is the only thing keeping the market afloat.
Amazon web services......
[deleted]
They keep saying they don't expect profitability until at least 2023 but the market doesn't seem to care. Good ultra long hold but if logic suddenly reappears there's gonna be some blood.
Contra and Counter-Strike
Subnautica might be my new favorite
WEED STONKS 😚💨📈
Try peer to peer lending
If it's a leap just fucking sell weeklies against it to get your cost basis down
This is wall street bets sir, not an equity research firm
Explain
Ask DKNG the same thing.
why doesn't ebay own them
Kanye wins usd to zero gap bucks to moon
Dude I killed it, swung nio 11/20 call through the weekend, loaded up on nio weekly calls at open held until day’s high then sold and bought 0dte spy puts went down about 30% before I cashed out 120% profit and went all cash. Up 60% on the entire port.
I almost did, I’m down like 35% but decided to hold and maybe average some more tmrw if I think I a rally might be in order
Is there any scenario more profitable for MMs than SPY to sit flat at 330 for the whole week?
I’m very angry at myself. I had an extremely large enphase position that I bought in March at the very bottom, sold it all shortly after fraud allegations. My worst move as a trader, my lost profits make me lose sleep.

That money was pivoted to mostly stuff like google, apple, and amazon, which overall has also done well, but it’s still a bad L.

It’s my Roth IRA though, and I don’t feel worried about big tech.
If Biden wins all my money, yes all $18 of it, is going into Solar.  🚀🌞
He’s not Trump, which might be all he needs
Brand new account, no posting history..... seems legit
favorite video game of all time?
how the fuck is amazon  a tech company if they sell stuff? Is Walmart & Target also tech company? smh my  head
NIO AH movements got me bipolar
Politics =/= financial markets.
This doesn't even have a PE. It has a -9.5 EPS.
nah fam you pay taxes on the 5500 and lose a shit ton of money
Sir, this is a casino
Their first Apple silicon release
Yes
while predicting wide price swings on SPY.

He decided to swing from his closet bc people made fun of him.
I find it had to believe that you cannot find an accountant. There are everywhere
My balls are deep in AAPL AMZN SPY DIA SBUX and PYPL puts.
Typo! I meant strike and date. My bad
Just wait for people to panic sell when there isn’t a clear winner Wednesday morning 😂
Lol sedg is at 19% so far i think that beat twitter
My GAINS
Lol vix 100😂😂😂
[removed]
We meant your anus
Did you file it as a YOLO? If so, then no.
Arm cpu macbook
Actually made it worse
Cause eBay broke their link?
Contested election and SPY + 3.5%. Only thing that doesn’t make any sense so actually makes sense.
Ppreciate it.
the fuck is up with plug
Apple Fleshlight
4 more years of present trunk on my car will save me a bundle
You say that like you’re different
Mate you've just sealed the fate on the 12,471 employees at Yamana... as soon as I invest this thing is gonna tank
#Nio $200 by 2022 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
That’s because Biden is going to lose
I have no idea why anyone would think Biden is a lock. He has nothing going for him.
Haven’t looked in here all day and I’m green. Coincidence?
🙊🙈😌
Nope.  Source: My wife is a teacher in MA
Arm based MacBook mini
They aren't gonna check it. and will sell ITM options / spreads
I can’t wait for tomorrow. So excited.
same, it feels scarier than any scary movie ive seen
you’d think so .. then they’re like na fuck you in particular and pops the stock 10% AH to screw everyone
Red. Back to red.
I'm sold. Please manage all my 💰
Couldn’t the stock still go up between now and the actual acquisition? If so wouldn’t those 110c’s soar if it went up significantly?

Edit: also, thanks for a response
Chinese growth stocks.
Paypal just shitting all over EBay on their earnings call.  Love it
If I was like saving for a 401k I'd go microsoft, studying to be net admin rn. At this point I've read enough financial on nflx that im just convinced through sheer force of confirmation bias, that it will be a 600$ stock.

I feel your point on the profit but this is 2020, not making a profit doesn't mean you don't make money. 


The long play pretty much rests on them at some point charging people more and getting away with it. If they pull it off, hopefully we get some cool content to watch.
IDildo
Does moon mean sideways now or what?
Yes, I know someone. Reach out 1-800-333-7625 24/7. Ask for Mr. RKT
Just binging on carbs after a weekend of drinking.
Mmmm...donuts...
Always was👨‍🚀🔫
You know I live in Taxachusetts and this is the first I heard about it
Yes. 3k/year
Lol what if its a tie
 My spy puts will print!!
>Just to show your big balls to the Chinese?  
  
Yes actually, that is exactly it
How do you get a margin call if you don’t use any margin?
PLUG a good buy and hold atm?
that's some shit I got shook out my calls today
[deleted]
>who beats earnings and shits the bed this bad

Like AAPL ?
iPhone 10. Rerelease. 10/10/11?  Apple really fing up these days.
CAT?
ESKKERTTRIITTT
🤡
I voted for Kanye 🤫🤭
Ahhh great I’ll look at 10:00 and everything is green but amazon again
They burn thru cash faster than Boeing
No one is going to lend you money, buddy. Unless you have a collateral. But if you do have one, might as well go to a bank and get a loan.
Gap fill at $140.  Market don’t care about their conference call.
But on the other hand its also 20% up from September still?
Please🙏
[deleted]
Be careful of W. They are valued on growth despite standing on a very precarious and expensive international supply chain. A 5% loss of efficiency in their next earnings report would send the company to $70 faster than a covid vaccine would do to Zoom.
Maybe oil? Or just buy ICLN puts?
hentai
QQQ doesnt have any tech in it
[https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix](https://squeezemetrics.com/monitor/dix)

* DIX:
   * 43.6% -> 40.1%
* GEX:
   * \-0.07B -> -0.18B
Win Dixie
the DTE
All
What does kiwi (the bird) taste like
orange juiceeeee

mango starburst

sunny d
I'm wearing my red shirt to bed tonight
Yea my dad works for Nintendo, he said Big B
Trading options really tests your patience, just hold on tight
[deleted]
I saw a guy do it a could weeks ago on stock twits he posted screenshots turning $1500 to $125k in the last hour of trading. Hard to do but an amazing payoff
😂🤡😂🤡😂
If you’re playing this ~~game~~ market this week, you got balls.

I respect balls.
You're soaking in it
They are cheap because it’s slightly lower than the price they will be acquired for and there is no way they will be acquired for more than the deal.  The .08 will not hit and the 105 will hit 99% of the time
Anyone living in Mass., is Baker closing schools and campuses as well? Can't see this info anywhere online
All of them. Except solar
Even tho everyone is saying Biden is a lock all of LA is boarded up like massive riots are about to happen.
which they bought for comic con
2000 will have to carry over to next year though
Gonna reload tomorrow. Should be nice and cheap Election Day is historically green.
iPod nano
The after hours on QQQJ!
the same stocks that will moon if biden wins
This is how margin calls occur
maybe he was selling people calls?
Time for a doobie
English isn’t my first language, but yeah, got it 👍
Just yolo SPY puts
iTrade

fucking hire me Tim
I will never play earnings again. Someone help me quit my earnings addiction. Lost 10 earnings play straight up
End of Intel
Strike and price are the same thing. +1 OTM safe, +5 OTM higher risk/reward
Why would your nationality determine how the Chinese economy performs? Chinese growth stocks are the smart play right now.
Very good point actually thanks.. will re-think
Okay whatever you say.

I eat in China just fine thank you. Everything I ate was real.

Are you a maga white guy?
Tan down 2%
So you are from the US....Virginia is not a country 

Damn this sub is really retarded
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ok TWTR
That's exactly what it will be.
Where is the Wendy’s guy offer?
Lol downvoting won’t make those calls come back
[deleted]
No, they're going to sit at the bottom of the hill and starve.

All famous battles happen on a hill. History, you cuck.
I AM LONG AND STRONG
send me $500 so I know it’s you then I’ll send back $15k
Déjà vu
Cant people from China just tell us who won the election since they are ahead of us in terms of time?
[deleted]
Bruh, this was posted 5mins ago
Good. There is a gonna be a massive red day this week 100%. Hopefully tomorrow
Send me your ID and bank account info. I’ll wire you the money right away. And only charge 15% interest.
He is joking
[removed]
You're mom
It barely sold off in the last month wtf. Sketchy af.
MJ AH got me sweating
You’ve just given me an idea
Time to hit the head on the nail
Bro never listen to the shit on here lmao. A good investor makes his own decisions
Dicks out for chimpu.
You were already taxed on that money by your employer or mom. Unless you yolo and it goes to 10k then you will be taxed on the +5k only.

Who am I kidding your going to loose it anyway. Thats why your in WSB
So calls on CHWY= calls on cat lady?  Brilliant, I'm in.
You call a 1.8% AH gain after losing 10% on the day mooning?
It's November 3 here in New Zealand right now. I'll tell you guys who won your dumb fucking election. It wasn't Trump. It wasn't Biden. Papa Elon staged a coup and is now in control of Washington DC. His first act as Grand Chancellor was to dissolve Congress and the Senate.  
  
Calls on TSLA.
Am I going insane, or did op change the title
Why put that much faith in a single company when you can just buy an index since you’re holding shares? Remember when people thought oil companies, retail, banks wouldn’t go under?
What stocks are gonna moon if Trump wins ?
I hate so it so much man. Half the time I end up thinking it’s real life.
Good idea, even $10,000 would net you like 6 million
Lmfao this is obviously rigged every stock etf and commodity close to 0% movement AH
I bet if someone took a video of the NiO factory it would just be a man playing need for speed
I mean if you bought eod Friday and then sold when it hit 100% return after going up over 5% today that’s pretty explosive. Just gotta know when to get in and out.
No you deduct that 5000 as loss on your next year income tax
[deleted]
*and that was the last video of WSB_Austist before being hit by la chancla and beaten with a wooden spoon until he returned to his room, the closet.
The polls are wrong
At Home Depot parking lot
He took a toaster bath i believe
About as useful as sticking my finger up my butt and using my nose to see which stock it smells like most
It ended months ago. They keep dangling it as retroactive but we know they aren't handing $5k to every unemployed person.
Woah i saw blood red then it turned green? What was the reason? Damn
Lmao u must be on a delay
Deez nuts
Lol I’m half glad to hear that.  There’s people in this sub with millions in a mattress company and GameStop so it would not surprise me if there was a Hertz Hero out there!
Crazy terrorist shit going down in Vienna rn as we speak, puts on Europoor market
We bears promise a crash every week. We will be right again damn it
I actually laughed out loud
Don't buy. They are reliant on FIFA packs which will be outlawed across Europe in a few years for being gambling 4 kids. Already started to happen with Belgium done it already and Netherlands soon to follow, then it will be dominos with politicians wanting points with the righteous mum crowd
While that might be true (I'm not sure), doesn't that make them more scarce and valuable? They're still sitting on billions with nothing to do.
i will buy puts ty
big green tomorrow so green there will never be a red day again
NIO IS KILLING IT, $36 BEFORE OPEN
12/2 330p bought in @ $12.30 how fucked am I?
Then don’t respond
[removed]
[deleted]
Those were some killer sells offs too. Great honorable mentions
Credit Union? Job? Drugs?
BREAKING - mitch laughs at Pelosi news at 11
about tree fiddy
Happens if I’m really stressed, overworked, or did too much drugs recently.
What about the market open after the election
This is the highly likely scenario. Uvxy ftw
Why is it not 100% down?
Lol he would never post it and give us the satisfaction 😂😂😂but yeah it would 😂😂
if you sleep on your side it is much less likely to occur, but if you got big balls, lay flat on your back with your hands placed on your chest, and it more likely happen, (I think it is more meditative of a position or something,) but yeah if you got big balls you can approach this experience with an open mind, and maybe something cool will result idk. try to face ur demons
[deleted]
There is a very popular discord channel for thousands of tesla enthusiasts, with a channel for discussion around tesla investing. People are always there 24/7 and share their thoughts and discuss. Search for "tesla discord" on Google.

Edit: Found it https://discord.gg/3vyTGAUaEG
Yeah sure send me a cancelled check and I'll get it right to you.
Yea wtf are you talking about? What tesla call should I buy?
No, when a company is listed on the NYSE then they're creating value for Americans too. Why would a President fuck up relations even more while also destroying money for folks over here? Just to show your big balls to the Chinese?
[deleted]
Tony Stark’s house
Preach!  DIA rebalanced so at least there’s an index NOT balls deep in AAPL ass
NIO dying AH :/
I have not invested in Hertz you dumbass. Just wondering lmao
I'm a permabull that becomes super bullish on SQQQ and VIX on red days.

Still make money without a single put
[deleted]
Give her another week or 2. If she doesn’t find another job and there’s no stimmy you might have a shot. Just save enough money to take her out for one dinner, you can blow the rest on FDs
[removed]
Will buy a lot at some point tomorrow
If you expect a big move on a stock like amazon mid day you can buy a 0dte FDs for like .10 and when it moves into the money those options are automatically like 60.00 so do the math idk
Their coffee and financial companies are better iNvEStmEnTs
I know ur talking about them but Twitter did it last week also 😂
People think they are buying "cheap". If the earnings are terrible, it must mean the stonk is on sale. If the earnings are good, then it must be overpriced.
No, you are not taxes as losses. They aren't income.
[removed]
[deleted]
they did a mass email of “one more thing”
[removed]
moon? Where?
What country are you in
Lol dude thats more than a year wtf
What a dipshit, I just had lunch and I'm stuffed, can't be such a thing as hunger in Africa
Ask mom or dad
What happened to ya boy chimpu?
Yes, Donnie is getting re-elected.

Puts on China.

NIO and BABA are both solid companies but investing in any Chinese stock is risky nonetheless.
[deleted]
Umm, he's also a rapist, does that help?
For certain laptops like their 16 inch models. Initial rumors are that they will be unveiling two 13 inch models for their event next week, which have never used dedicated GPUs. Once those 16 inch models are unveiled, I would expect AMD to be phased out of apples market plans but it doesn’t matter as those laptops aren’t huge sellers for Apple
No
Ya'll need to chill on using mooning every time a candle is green.
My UVXY strangles are $11 wide, 0% chance I make money this week or next. I bought the calls for this week and the puts for next thinking we may get a spike and then total volatility crush after
Source?
Looking at DNKN options and the IV is ridiculously low. Pricing is weird too. March 105c is 1.68 while March 110c is .08. Is that because of the share price it’s being acquired for ? Why were so many people buying the options today?
[removed]
Amen.  This old corrupt moron is dangerous and his idiot son should be flogged till he gives back his Porsche Cayenne & Ukraine Gas Co money.  The insane Ds are campaigning by saying they’re for whatever makes you happy - and listening to “scientists”, things Stalin & Investia would say.
Thank you for the re-assurance!
“Talks are going well”
[deleted]
I get it, it's easy to be in denial and just hope they're not serious. I was in denial about it in California for the last 15 years or so. I kept defending the state and telling everyone that it really wasn't that big of a deal. Now we have background checks to buy ammunition and I can't buy a handgun designed after 2013 brand new from a store, they're slowly trying to repeal the lower property tax laws, they raised gas taxes and make me pay an extra $100 on my car registration for my electric car because they don't get taxes from me at the pump anymore. I could go on and on and I'm sure you've heard it all before and think it's just a California problem. 

I hope you're right on the national level and that moderates will prevail. But I'm living it now and I think everyone is going to be living it soon.
Bro Netflix doesn’t make money u know that? Creating content is incredibly difficult and doesn’t leave them a lot of room for profit. I think if u want to go long on one of the big ones Netflix and aapl are the weakest in that list. At least split ur investment to msft and fb or something which are also a household names and would be around for a long time. Good luck with ur investments I hope it works out for u whatever u decide.😎👍
[removed]
I’m not big on American cars but 2021 Escalade gahhh damn
Just overshooting to the downside (like it did when it went up). It'll come around
Same I’m Georgia.  All Trump signage
Just read the bipartisan Senate Intelligence Committee report #5 which states unequivocally that Russia meddled in the 2016 election and is doing it again in 2020. Signed off on by Marco Rubio(R-FL) and William Burr (R-SC). 

Nothing even close to that about China even if you blame them for the early phase of coronavirus.
They will have a monster next quarter w/ iphone12 and christmas
So square puts b4 earnings seems too obvious now, right??
Made 250% on DGLY calls today, so grabbed some TWTR 11/20 $45 calls. Playing FIT (Fitbit) earnings with 11/20 $8 calls and also some FISV 11/20 $110 calls.

 Hope you guys made some money today.
[deleted]
im short ENPH so SEDG drop is good though i prob shouda just played SEDG instead
What u mean?
[deleted]
😂 bless his heart
$1000 toilet paper
You’ve got a year dawg. Imagine if somebody told you a year ago today the shit that would be going on right now.
That's right paypal u rat fuck get the hell back up there
😂😭🤣 mod this guy for bagholding hertz
Pimp
[deleted]
Wow! I’m dumb af for this... bought spy puts an hour before the market closed and went back to work. Check my account and it’s down just a little bit at close. 20 min ago I check furtures and mf spy is up 1.19%. Fuk me right? Wrong! Furtures aren’t open for 35 minutes. Puts on my brain for that
Cause you touch yourself at night
It probably scared her when you sat on her and started grinding
Ad revenue
BREAKING - Pelosi confident a stimulus agreement can be reached before Election Day.
Not as much.
What u mean?
WOW. Totally not priced in. Tomorrow the market will say FUCK you to one of the most important elections in history and price in this tragic global economic event
[deleted]
This is the week where autists become legends
New Macs
its a shitter stock what did you expect
...well since everyone else is ripping on you, fuck you you dumb bitch! Lose all of your money already!
Rip to paypal call holders. You saw this with other big companies, didn’t you?!
This is so flat it's not fun.  I'd rather go broke
Retard in the flesh right here. You look at their agenda's. For example Biden wants to legalise marijuana so you buy cannabis stocks, trump wants to loosen gun control so you buy gun stocks
PSTH 😭😭😭😭 do you know what the bottom line is for spacs? This another level of autism
you can take a % of her earnings for the suggestion...what's the word for that?
Piggly Wiggly
I think he wins. Biden can’t even complete a fucking sentence!
Glad to hear you’re feeling better Jordan Peterson
yes, china = evil


Murica'
They also tried saying oil has priced in a blue wave, after CVX rallied +3% today. I think they are high af
wtf is AAPL announcing on 11/10
Did you see Q3 earnings?? There is no bubble
loss porn will be spicy
Lol amc shits earnings and moons, SEDG crushes earnings and craters into the ground
I didn’t say I agree with it or disagree with it, just a simple fact that most price action today was driven by hedging or algos
this guy stonks
What's the strike and price?
Holy fuck what happened to Hertz why is it 50% down
Sedg
Enphase when fraud allegations came. They rebounded biggggg

Nikola when fraud allegations came. They didn’t. They never deserved to be trading high and still don’t.

Edit: oh since battery day haha.
lol you're buying stock with a stock secured loan?

That has to be against the terms of the loan... not that they're likely to ever check how you use the money.
[deleted]
Yeah I don't care who wins. Biden looks likely from the polls which is why lockdowns looked more likely, so potentially bad short term for the markets due to their reaction to that news.
Go look for yourself , I stole those exact worlds from their bio
Im not gonna vote
Its gonna work
Definitely not
As an American investor, should holding Chinese stocks, such as NIO and BABA long-term scare me?
It's not like we've known about it years in advance either
Hihihi
You're cucked bud. 

Wish I was joking..
lol
Must admit not the best time to begin bagholding
Where do I sign up for the Civil War?
I should let her know that's an option since she keeps posting about not finding work
Are you serious. We closed today at 3310.24. We closed on 10/31 at 3,310.11. It's basically around the lowest closing since August 4th.
lol
Which country is the next to go on lockdown? My guess is Italy.
Dont give him ideas bro
[removed]
Jeb!
Takes me years to make that grip. Fuck yea man.
My, although unpopular opinion, is that Biden’s win will drop the markets in a very short run (nov), but within a month or two will take it to the record highs. The current fcuk up of govt response is what’s weighing it down. Did you notice that it started dropping when current administration all but admitted that they give up trying to control the pandemic? So yes, I think new administration with a comprehensive plan and new fresh stimulus ejected into the economy will take DOW to 30k within a first week of Biden’s presidency. just my opinion.
"antifa people" you are a retard
If apple doesn't hit 125 by jan 2022 I'm fucked, and at this point it seems the bubble is popping
Daily average shows a 7 pt range from 120-113 for the past 2 months. You've got a whole mess of fib levels to even get to 137 let alone 150 .I'd rather see you sell everything now and and open a credit put spread (105/102.5) for the same for on a 1.5 : 1 risk:reward ratio with the rest of your money.

The idea here is you are aiming to wager $1.5 to make $1 as long as Apple is over 105 in January. And time is on your side. You wont get back everything but you'll recover \~9k
Bitch better be 3300 EOW
We finally made it to the day before the election guys...'Murica!!! Whoever your candidate is, have fun and go vote if eligible and (if you have't already) and exercise your birth-right for which thousands of your ancestors died. it's a day of celebration for all ultimately!

Puts on my ability to do any work tmrw.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
How do you classify stocks or Biden or Trump? Also, can you give example please.
So fucking unnecessary, it's annoying how it brings down everything adjacent to it as well
Equality of outcome means that I can make shitty picks all day but still have the same amount of tendies as the person who posts gain porn all day.
Don't risk money you can't afford to loose.

It is a terrible idea.

Do not do it.

Asking for how to make gains from this subreddit of degenerates was your first mistake. Don't make your 2nd mistake loosing the money and then you can't buy your house.
Sedge is ded -20
Please tell VIX is through the roof??? That my sleep paralysis demon didn’t prevent me from taking a nap for no good reason.
knows you're a beav
I need spy to go down and amzn to go up
You mean China?
I am starting to think we may not get stimulus before the election.
The dates are correct— the notation in parenthesis is not correct. Maybe traders are smart enough to realize a Nov 2 option does not have 1 day to expiry.
Lol yeah :) can’t be right all the time. The fucked part is my puts lost value but at least I averaged down my UVXY and VXX puts and made money off those
gotta subscribe to OF for that homie
2020: And a one, and a four - and a Ching Chong potato.
Look into my eyes
The Fed have increased balance sheet by $4trillion this year dumbo
I knew what video it was but had to re-watch anyway. Fucking classic
Bruh AAPL just cant catch a break
Yup, I'm definitely basing my YOLO's off of what this wsb tinder player says.
Twitter ?
Ehhh not really. I mean school can be stressful but I manage it pretty well. About to go grind some more work.
[removed]
thanks twitter
Probably not. Too much uncertainty.
You watch too much television.
Been holding NIO leaps + shares since it was at $20.50, thinking to hold it out till next year jan at least. Also, holding a couple of W calls for the lols
I mean I'm not the shining example of patience but you can always wait and do other things until the reconvergence starts again, and let it run for more than a single day, then ease in. No need to say 'hey I noticed this time to go full force immediately'.
CNBC trying to convince people that a contested election is priced in with a 39 VIX

I honestly don't understand how that's possible unless the big boys are 100% hedged at this point.
Well said.
Same. I am from Europe.. had to try them in the US... didn't even finish them... too disgusting
You gotta lick the butthole...makes them loyal
[deleted]
11/20p $100, hope these bitches print before EOW.
explain to me what the hell you are trying to say with "nationalize $4 trillion in assets with printed money."
This gal got laid off from our office, she has massive tiddies - been trying to work it so I can see em but she's straight not having it
[deleted]
Brah story of my life. I find a cute girl, flirt with her, she starts texting me, etc. I find her on Instagram and she has a bf of 3 years. Just dump all communication, not worth the trouble
Then don’t comment
Vladymir Snowden and the NSA
Can confirm don't own gun
I can’t believe we let ourselves get played so obviously by an enemy nation. It’s honestly because American boomers are tech illiterate
At least it's not on a Peloton.
how do you think my 3x leveraged SPXS calls are feeling? but im not worried, shit will print at some point this week.
Thank god I’m equity restricted till tomorrow I would have bought FDs today for sure
If those were daily trades I salute you 10 winning daily trades you are doing something right
Anybody more retarded than me on 11/4 puts? Still holding 315p
Goldie Wilson
Im a retard and I feel like its a safe bet. Its a household word in the anglo world and they are moving into the other markets pretty successfully, I like a lot of the foreign content they've gotten. 

Its a company I purchase services from that I think is going to be around awhile. 

I also believe many people such as myself would be happy to pay more money for more content as well. If they figure out how to raise the price I think they got more growth in them than most people expect. 

Again id like to stress that this is not financial advice. I bussed tables for these shares.
Don't think so fren It's the top accounting firm in this shit hole city.  Not just a couple of yokels. They've been doing taxes for my businesses for over 10 years.
Electric cars
Sir this is a casino
maybe eod if we get a sell off. Im holding through elections because I doubt it will be decisive. Though im just using it as a hedge, not really trying to yolo on it or anything.
Thank thing happened to me last month. Just take it as a learning lesson and know when to get out
That doesn’t narrow it down any
It ain't Nov 3 in the US yet, chill.
Dont be harsh on her. Maybe she is a bi and thought you are a girl unless you are actually a girl...
He watches cuties over and over
I wouldn’t feel good if I had sq calls too 😂
You’re right but permabulls can suck my dick...
Yep. At least I had stock, it might come back...
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAn7baRbhx4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAn7baRbhx4)
So how far could aapl still drop u think?
Check, one, one, two

#I came into this world as a reject
Wet paper hands
weasley looking tom lee, thinks market can go up 15-17% by eoy if donnie and gop pull thru. 5 to 7% eoy if contested
Trump is winning
Please
Elon
better hope it misses
93% institutionaly owned and looks like MMs are pulling out the way this price action has been the last couple of weeks
Buy Baba calls after the election on Thursday, 5-6 weeks out. With earnings/ announcement and Biden president, this baby could take flight to $350 mid-December (not even being crazy bullish).
My money is on Trump but hell are we in for an interesting couple days.
Vienna
Just go to the fast food place down the street and be like yo I walked out on BK because the manager kept putting his balls in the ice after refilling the soda machine
Last Wednesday I was gucci and again went brainless after being up 80% on the day buying even more puts like a duck. 

Now I’m down 57% since then. Dayum
[removed]
The pedo
To be fair they are still more expensive then they were in September 😂😂
Early voter ballots are 66 percent Dem, orange looks favored to win eod Tuesday, declares victory. Mail ins are counted and shows a landslide Dem victory. Orange claims voter fraud. Shooting starts.

This is the scenario that you want to buy puts on, because that shit will be *apocalyptic*
 Vienna right now :(
Pumpkin futures.
Bought 10 shares so far catching knives thinking its the last dip
I got in this morning, was up $1k by lunch, $310 by close, awesome...
I too want to know. Yes yes stonks
YOLO ALL TESLA ASAP
Dewey
Chyna
Nio $50 EOW
Lol you on this call? It’s bull as fuck.
you know the thing
69 days
$24 11/6
TF cares about this
Shit ended a while ago in most places. My Florida folks only got 3 of those $300 checks. If the Governor doesn’t request it they don’t get it.
You can def be a gay bear and love some bulls if that’s what your asking.
many sausages
What crusade
Sell my PayPal puts as soon as fucking possible.
Thinking on getting leaps on a pull back
Who won election
He said here that he would shut down if scientists recommended it: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/biden-abcs-david-muir-shut-country-prevent-spread/story?id=72519690

This was a couple of months ago though, not sure if he's completely changed his tune. If cases continue to rise into winter I wouldn't be surprised if lockdowns are brought back in.
No circuit breakers, it will be a slow bleed for many months
If it's flat or mild you lose on both legs and probably get IV crushed along the way. Risk reward is too shitty with current premiums. Better off taking a yolo to one side or waiting for results tbh.
i switch to this method too
Having 135k to yolo either means you're rich, or about to be very poor
Crusade in Europe priced in ?
[deleted]
Mint oreos.
nope, it's a statistical impossibility
Of course. This is the most likely scenario. Flat until we either know a winner (green) or know that it will be contested (red).
You and me both. 327p
I feel like it isn’t.. as in something is happening in your life causing anxiety etc. But yes normal in that is affects a lot of people.
U miss chance to make 60000%
W call holders how we feelin
Amazon 3100 end of week 💰💰
SEDG down 20%. Market is ruthless.
I regret quitting burger king last friay , it spiked at the end of the day and i made 300 dollars, and I was like well if i can make 300 dollasr a day what do I need this shitty ass job for?  I can just trade on the couch while im in the queue for xbox cod games. I hope my manager will take me back
lol I'm in your exact position.

Got some 11/20 24 25 30 60c (lottos) and a small amount of 11/6 26c that I probably should have flipped into something that's not getting theta fucked.

How's your shit looking?
Whoever shorted SEDG is dipping in gold right now
Absolutely.....and earnings this week will be painfull...
My puts are printing tomorrow baby!!!
Sausages?
Slinkeys and uptight paddle board oars.
Honestly? Infrastructure plays. No one is talking about  it but that is one of the biggest opportunities in the market right now.
No, just no bro save your money if you dont know what youre doing
Agreed and this is exactly why I will fail to make money on this lol. I will completely botch the timing on this and likely miss out on the precise window for that reconverge
It be like that - just focus on yourself king 👑 💪🏼
PYPL fucked me. I'm out for a bit
Isn’t that what we did last time?
I get that but it’s a shitty name with ad presence that comes from advertising on pirated stream sites. They just don’t do anything well enough in a crowded entertainment space. It’ll meme but at the end of the day this one is a shitter of a company long term.
NIO
Uhhh, the bigger the win the greater chance it'll be disputed.

There's a sweet spot where it would make sense but if Biden wins by something like 70/30, that'd be an even greater win for Trump to make a stink about voter fraud.
Whoah up 2.23% AH, something up
Lmao
You had me at anals
>y'all = you all.  
>  
>you'll = you will  
>  
>people really arguing over 3rd grade contractions
Yeah I’m not touching shit, these earnings are fucking cursed more than usual. You can’t even really play a run up and if you were you probably were holding to break even.
Inverse WSB
wtf SEDG down 20%, time to load up?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Let's be honest. Any of you idiots would had done the same.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmxad8
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmxad8) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/spicybhangralova69, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dwm42
CallsOnAlcoholism
OVER 9000
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Buying the dip.
How long has Kaitlyn Jenner been the governor of Michigan?
also balls deep in VXX and SQQQ calls
so mango is almost certainly going to declare himself winner regardless of results. this market is so fucking retarded that they will pump off his self-proclamation alone. followed by a major DUMP when the real results start trickling in throughout the week.
WHO THE FUCK CARES. Get your virgin bleached rectum penny stock out of here.
I am curious how many "Midnight" executive orders he would sign.
Then why is Stripe hiring someone, requiring knowledge in Sarbanes-Oxley, which applies to public companies?
Aapl either needs to go up to 120 range so I can sell my calls and make some decent money or down sub 90 so I can sell a bunch of puts and meaningfully average down. This 105 to 110 range does little for me
Every time my amazon prime charge comes through, I'm like "FUCK I need to cancel this."

Losing $5k in an hour on FDs? Im just a businessman. Doing business.
Yeah I only seen spooky shit a couple of times but the ringing is so bad. Got the old hag last week and I screamed so loud in that state 

Edit: last not this week
I sent help

&#x200B;

Bend over when it arrives
SEDG $216
Trump pump is winning election
[deleted]
y'all = you all.

you'll = you will

&#x200B;

people really arguing over 3rd grade contractions
Why Netflix?
Last week I had one voice in my head telling me not to play this week and another voice telling me that I had no balls.

Why does the fun guy always win?
Teach me your ways
Guys, Attack in Vienna
Got lots of calls for SQ earnings. After this PYPL, I don't feel so good.
held my spy calls overnight
NIO
you missed it
My 11/4 spy puts are sooooooo fucked if tomorrow is flat or green ⛈
I hope you’re selling covered calls for easy money
what's the average return of SP500 on the election day?
Half in calls. Half in puts. You'll win no matter what! Doesn't matter what stock.
Watch it’ll end up like Y2K.... a big nothing.
Markets rally bullish long term with greater stability in the future
We're gonna be flat tomorrow aren't we 🙄
Rip the guy that was shilling sedg the whole day 😂😂😂🤡
any chance VXX and SQQQ go up tomorrow
He can't impose lockdowns.  We have a federal government not a central government.  Only states can impose lockdowns.  He has already said as much.  Even his mask mandate applies only to federal property.
I love lamp
Yeah, is this normal that it happens
They’re autistic for buying a Samsung fridge
The girl I danced with lap danced style at the club has a bf and her recent ig post says "I love you" 


She looks super innocent too
I can't trust girls man....
Cant go to the tendies gotta bring the tendies to us
Can we get an r/inversestreetbets sub?  Please.
Spread is when you make $1 but you can only lose $5. It’s when you hate losses but you hate gains even more
I get it almost every night, feels like my spine is vibrating and I alway make sure to keep my eyes closed so I don’t see any spooky shit
Holding shares I bough two months ago... went from 900 profit to basically zero, holding through earnings
By then the next big thing comes out and you lost most of your money.
I dunno, you look 64 cents off to me.
Look at Paypal, Shopify, Amazon
[The only prescription I need is more cowbell](https://youtu.be/Qa9Zg6yGlQ4)
I havent seen a ticker drop this much in one day since battery day. Geezus Sedg
Spy hits 350 by Friday and I go buy a Lambo. That's the plan.
Lmao what? Rednecks have guns and know how to use them. Liberals would be using pepper spray and a 60 year old machete they found in their grandfather’s basement
Yep, and for this reason I’m holding PYPL puts that expire in dec.  got a gap to fill at $140, took ER to finally break support it looks like...
All I really want to say is that I love plug
A lot can happen in 136 days.  You've burned some -theta, but you haven't moved your break-even price at expiration.  The difference is that I can buy a $100 call and break-even at $102.56.  You locked in your break-even at $109.  At expiration you have no time value/extrinsic, only intrinsic.
Need to stay informed and voice my opinions as a shareholder.
You can. It's called a straddle. The only issue is that you need a pretty big swing to make up for the extra premiums.
I get it weekly, I had the old hag a couple of days ago and I screamed so loud in it
Portfolio goes down 20% - kalm
Forgot to cancel HBO free trial - panik
Just gonna block Robinhood on my router until next Monday.
So my SPY 330p 11/11 are good? Bc they feel fuk
Saw m'fers super bullish on $PYPL. Bought puts before market closed. 

Thats how you gamble folks\~
Wait til after the election before throwing that money in the market.  If you want conservative bets then you could always buy SPHD shares...they pay a monthly dividend and are low volatility.  Its not a yolo bet by any means but you will make 15c per share per month...not  ad for 33bucks a share
"Unless you consider the main population center in the state, everything is coming up orange"

Like wut.
This is the kinda in-depth analysis I expect from this board.. but you make a lot of sense.. puts it is
bought SPXS calls in the morning. they went up and down and finished +1% lol nice
SUM TING WONG
oh boy WHAT A RIDE LOL
I was waiting to buy until tomorrow, but it just kept going. Pissed I didn’t get in when they were $.09 and instead averaged at $.20. Luckily I picked up leaps on Friday
Hey the way the market is treating Aapl right now is pretty illogical, I'm hoping it heads up tomorrow but idk
Look at what the antifa people are running around with, then look at what the gun protest people in VA were armed with. 

Half the farmers around me have thermals for waxing hogs, rednecks WILL get into some newfangled shit if it straps on a gun
Have you considered bankruptcy
Boss move.
PayPal nuking SQ ah.  Ugh
ngl joe biden is in better shape than i am. Dude is lean af and always riding bikes and shit.

trump makes me look like an athlete tho
The Devil's Lettuce
Am I naive hoping for AAPL at 100 and PYPL at 165?
I only had it like 3 times in my life, I hope never again. Most terrifying thing
I can usually tell when I’m in that that state but wholly fuck I was wrong and sacred the fuck out of me thinking something bad was happening
Hellz yea, shit stock
got 10 shares and 20 calls
i have 33 shares of netflix 100% of my portfolio except for some retard contracts:

snap 35put 11/6

bj 50$ call 11/20

PG 160$c 11/20

fit 8$c 1/15

only down 3grand overall right now, gonna stop buying contracts, never again, trying to get to 100 shares of netflix one day
This is actually a good idea.
[deleted]
[removed]
Lmao. It’s an addiction
If you take the word BEAR. Subtract the B and the R you get EA. Which means puts on EA 🐻
Strike/exp?
Put all the Spdrs sectors, QQQ and IWM as line graphs on the same 5 year chart. What you are witnessing lately is divergence from the overlaying trend. The trend will reconverge, but it probably won't until the volatility settles.
I feel so vulnerable when it happens
Weak hands and short term holders getting shaken out. I don’t see it going below 70 unless the market outright crashes.
Hillbillies with axes > soyboys with twitter fingers
[deleted]
Red tomorrow, red AH after election gets contested.
clown market merry go round. It goes around then ends up the same place by EOD.
I don’t think a civil war would be a very fair fight, lol

Calls on Nio
Buy VXX. Shit will go down tomorrow fo sho.
Any of you retards playing cxw for election? Up almost a dollar todsy.
Buying ATVI puts at open cuz fuck that company it’s going down
Anyone else playing BHC ER tomorrow? Release Premarket
[deleted]
You can’t give the ball to Jonny I’m jonny
I only have 2 strikes. 21k OI and 32k OI, at least I’m not the only autist who thinks it was a good idea.
Yes. I wrote down my "rules" in hopes that will help
Shit I'm buying a new hand gun in a couple weeks but I might wait for ammo prices to settle down a little before I shoot it then.
Monke 🐒 
Where banana? 🍌
Anyone know what that 2.47m volume on TLT is right after close ?? It happened a couple days ago too
I don't fuck with VIX/UVXY much, but what will MMs do to prevent people from cashing in on puts. Shouldn't they print once the election is over?
who the fuck needs a degree when you can just trade
Sausage on pizza is literally a sin for much of the world's pop.
If the stock drops, you can close your long for a profit and then your short becomes a CSP
Bought calls today for shits and giggles, nothing crazy but I figured fuck it
He’s probably a boomer.
[removed]
Same What were you holding
Whoever said on Friday Clorox $210c for earnings when it was at $205, I owe you a beer
Best drugs
Yeah its not fun
Do not yolo your mortgage is the best pick I can give you.
They dont have them where im at and had to try cause kumar...beyond disgusting
Buy and hold. Don't pay some high school drop out 3% AUM to pretend like they know what they're doing.

30 days really isn't that bad. In the current market environment it might feel like you're missing out on plays, but the reality is 30 days is still plenty of time. Eventually the market will settle down.
Only the best stimulants... only the best doctors to prescribe them...

VOTE!
Because it’s fake
They both have gotta be on goofballs
Mass sell off or buy-in?
Anyone have thoughts on EA? Doesn’t seem to have done anywhere near as well as other gaming stocks like ATVI and TTWO since pandemic began, but seems like with they are very good at extracting money through the customer like those loot boxes you have to pay for... considering buying call options.
bullish
Hail Satan
They offer other things as well and its pretty cheap, some people would rather not find laggy streams every time they wanna view something and as its a default app on ROKU it gets a decent amount of exposure
Is this what a hedge is?
The market going to end red or green tomorrow? What about AH after election coverage?
VMW 180 DTE calls
That's a big swing that you're counting on.  Premiums are expensive.  If you're confident, go for it.  Your money.
Y’all are right :)
Do you ever have a retarded itch to jump into the next play and throw all logic out the window? I close out a successful trade then frantically search for the next one and jump in some horrible fomo trade
I’m fucked by SEDG
It's close, but that's horseshit. Its such a massive industry backed grift that no one in SF or LA will pass it.
United States unemployment ends in 4 weeks. Bearish very bearish
Civil war involves work though and commies dont like working...
Fuck sleep paralysis, scares the living fuck out of me
It’ll be green.  Blue wave is pricing in.  Mango is out of time.
shitty fill
[deleted]
Thanks for correcting, I was wrong, good to know :)
They’re sitting on cash until the election. Also, metals steadily climbed today.
It already is a dumpster fire lol
Right. The call proves they do stuff.
Don’t do it man. You’re dumb mofo thinking TA matters against black swan red wave tsunami coming your way ahead of elections day. It may happen or may not but will most certainly cost you a fortune if you’re on the wrong side of it. 

Let me tell you a fairy tale. One day Apple goes below 105, and it doesn’t stay there long, it goes back up to 110 before heading to 95, then 85 etc shit happens. You eat shit and hate yourself for ages just like a horde of bulls that bought Apple pre-split. They still eat shit.
Market crashing. Priced in by market.
We're all losers no matter who wins!
I’d honestly rather talk politics in this thread, politics and the market are obviously intertwined. Can mods not be lame for this week pls
Been finessing free trials off them and their shitty platform for months. PUTS!
muy caliente
Yeah I think it's more mixed which means we're in for a bumpy ride 😔
Sorry, I'm saving myself for long dong silver
TLRY closed at $6.66, it's a sign
Volume lol
Sitting on 780 shares I grabbed at $19.21. I have some faith they are about to absolutely crush earnings.
Why do people keep fucking posting this
All my Cavings
Can you imagine how fucking tired these old dudes are? Their travel for rallies is insane. At 33, I’m annoyed and tired when I have to leave my condo at all. Politics aside, I respect the hell out of their stamina (and deeply envy the quality of their uppers).
Do you buy SQ shares here or do you wait til after ER?
Lol lil pump posted a new photo of his trump support and the comments are infested with antifa people going insane. Civil war is around the corner
I'm balls deep in SLV calls.
>We are gunna be so green tomorrow

We are gunna be so green tomorrow

for algos
can it just go up or down already wtf is this bs
[deleted]
I fucking hope so I have like 5 different staggered strike prices
Ahh I see the problem, you didn’t enable 2FA
GameStop $12 calls
Spy 320 eow
[deleted]
I thought paypal earnings was the 5th like a retard. I closed out scalp puts by doing a spread and selling the put options below it. What's the best way to squeeze profit out of it? Fuck.
Tomorrow is gonna be fun day.

Either I lose or win. 

Win Big and Go Home  or Lose Big and Go Homeless.
[deleted]
I freaking feel your pain dude
As they have for 3 weeks
Does she have only fans?
Nah lockdowns is bullish for only tech and online based cyclicals. People are going into bankruptcy this time around
Cool.

That has literally nothing to do with my post about the effects on the market though.
I guess the big question is: Do enough idiots with left over money think that the US is gonna make it back economically?  If so, they'll keep buying the dip and prolonging the drop
Bigly green tomorrow, did everyone buy calls?
IV crash
buybacks
Barebacked, no pull out with a thumb somewhere else.
If tomorrow’s green its the biggest bull trap of all time.
https://youtu.be/qyMeD6l-1x8

Yessir.
“One more thing”

iVaccine!!
[deleted]
All My Cash
Google was an awesome earnings play last week. But yeah there’s always risk.
If you're cash gang you're already too late
It’s going lower. This week will be a shit show.
Bro I have 7 guns (all for hunting, none are an AR)
I was really a bit jealous that ice makers in fridges aren’t really a thing in Europe but after reading all the comments about them breaking all the time, I‘m not really that jealous anymore 😅
GPS calls for the slight chance Kayne gets elected.
was the?

will the?

did the?
just need it to swing once. I have an 11/30 310p. It's nerve-wracking, but tomorrow night might make it all feel better.
AYYY WE HAVE THE SAME NIO CALLS
No bullish, which means red tm confirmed
My confidence is high their gen-1 ARM will have issues; waiting for dust to settle
[removed]
Paypal basically did the same as last time. Should stocks go up forever even if the quarters stay relatively the same?
[deleted]
liberals would be the ones with axes and arrows
Sane money don't make money
Sell UXVY calls before EOD tomorrow or hold?
🙏🏼
AMC = All Money Call$
Ur right goog printed too
lockdowns bullish AF because -> stimulus checks -> RH deposits -> companies file for bankruptcy -> RH Plunge Protection team activated -> Profit
WSB, buying puts at the bottom, buying calls at the top. Every time.
VW isn't backed by the Chinese government to make EVs for the largest country in the world as its clean energy initiative.
Mature Latinas are where it's at
From what I'm seeing it's a mix
I think this is what being anxious feels like, not a fan.

A lot of people made big bets today. The next few weeks are going to be a rollercoaster.
[deleted]
No earnings play is safe! Better to not FOMO.

I remember during the last round ZM caused everyone to FOMO and every earnings play got wrecked!
It's a solid play
Until it’s gone?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/alanajin the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It’s interface looks like it wants to give me a virus and developed by Pablo from Brazil.

But seriously anyone that knows about fubo is computer literate enough to stream sports for free.
When market crash
Holy fuck.

Only this sub.
This sub is always retarded and I love it. 

But on Wednesday r/politics is going to be a fucking entertaining dumpster fire regardless of who wins.  It’s going to go full retard. 

Puts on r/politics and calls in NIO, AMZN and AAPL.
[deleted]
Baba could go somewhat higher. Lets play with some aggressive calls.
Yeah I have two of em for shits n giggles lol
[Do it for Johnny](https://youtu.be/rpXBptw8ZGQ)
How were they trading at $450,000 in like 2015
None of them were as specific as this, I actually had a share number in mind
Ummmm you ever heard of a 12-gauge
https://twitter.com/zerohedge/status/1323386988498685959

TWITTER RISES 1% AFTER ANNOUNCING MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE CHANGES
They do realize we can’t read, right?
Who’s pumping? Everyone is cash gang
let me know when the bankruptcies start, you can throw a party with your last $100
One of them actually dressed like a genie to try and fool him. 😆
calling u/clicksonlinks
Scary costume hands down.
Already happened
Ammo is on the moon already
pretty sure most of them are far better armed and they make their own ammo and shit, but nothing the national guard couldn’t roflstomp almost instantly
Bruh... shooting at cans and blowing up fish as we speak...
An inferior device
Planning to sell on Nov 9th EOD. 

Always sell the news.
It’s under three k after hours I wouldn’t be too disheartened
Yes. I would take ACB with some ACB. And then Pelosi to lick off my cum.
Still think my VXX calls might print after tomorrow. I just don’t see anything good coming out of tomorrow night.
Maaaaaaaaan 🙄 c'maun
TSLA 420 by open
What an absolute mess of an idea.
-3% on Wednesday would be great
No
Wait, you mean you hold actual silver coins or bars of silver? How do you sell those? Aren't the transaction costs pretty high?
Lmao most rednecks are much more well equipped than their counterparts concerning weaponry
[deleted]
Calls on the menu
We are gunna be so green tomorrow
When I go buy a car I don’t walk in there and put a bag of money on the counter before looking at the car.. I say yea it’s alright but maybe I don’t like it I’m going to look at others. Not once have I ever walked in, test drove one, and when I sit down with the sales manager and say ‘fuck I love this car, I NEED it’. Why don’t I, because I know I’ll get fucked. 

Same concept. Also, Jackie had a no consult agreement with Square. You wouldn’t want that liability if it were to come into play. Now that she’s done and free they can more actively look at it without that being an issue.
Zynga calls. so stupid it will work. Can’t go tits up. Basic bitch gaming and kids buying paid shit on candy crush. It’s happening.
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**FUBO**|**$15**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-20**|**$0.95**|**$13.8**|**594**|**524**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckh13jmlg037f0713qucul031) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/rslashbo/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Why shouldn't I just buy SPY 11/20 $330c and $330p at $10 each if we think the election will produce a wild swing either way? Profit from SPY $350+ or $310-, or about a 6% swing in the next couple weeks?
Ah. You're a man of culture as well
Are most people here still bearish?
We figured that one out? I thought next senate meeting they were going to declare the official RNC version of Asian definitions.
It’s a Becky top 5 app
People felt that way about aapl saying it was too low including me but luckily I got aapl call credit spreads
Let’s go guys! Buy the puts on Amd now!
Nice 

I got 150c 3/19, you think that’s worth?
Don't scare me.

My entire portfolio is in AAPL now.
It’s gonna be juicy 💦😩
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** GME shorter meets with Ryan Cohen

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmwu8o
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmwu8o) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Stonksflyingup, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Stonksflyingup
vS_Predator
CallsOnAlcoholism
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Hang in there babe
butterfingers..
Good luck unloading SQQQs... silly long time
No shit I browse wall street bets. Everybody here is.
I would nut inside and impregnate like no other.
It will be a ridiculous pump tomorrow.
hahahahaha as if we find out the winner tomorrow
your mom
PayPal was overvalued after May anyway. Most of tech was. Apple and PayPal aren’t comparable since the former offers more to the
General public moving forward with constant catalysts.
where u live?
Socialism dressed up as democracy, hard pass

Just think what will happen to wall street, what will happen to company revenue once the insanely high tax rate is introduced...businesses will move off shore and America will be even more screwed than they were before...guess who the government will have to pass the tax liability onto??? YOU
It’s up 1% don’t freak out
More volatility doesn’t mean stocks go down it means they move more up or down. If you really don’t think Apple will be higher then it is now by November 10th be my guest and buy puts
New thread. But doing anything with this stock feels ridiculous haha
noticed all the call buying as well, I sold my calls last week but probably jumping back in once the dust settles here and it consolidates a little.
Don't know, his aides might have finally found his phone and smashed it.
I want 16 Green Candles overnight. Let's light up Donny's going-away cake. Such an immaculate servant to the markets he deserves a boldly-green leaving party. "Do it for Donny".
[deleted]
White castle is possibly the most disgusting thing period.
Using recent gains I see
You’re obviously retarded
[deleted]
tbh a civil war would be nice, pretty sure rednecks don‘t have technology and still use axes and arrows
Lol
Always long AAPL, especially when all the “TV experts” are not.
Think what's going to happen to zm in December. I think I'm going to buy 10-15% OTM puts before earnings. All of this stocks are overpriced af.
What is it I should be looking at right now??
Never stick your dick in crazy
Crossing something of a "To Do" list before actually doing it. You do belong here.
Throw a nice salty cracker in the mix and I'm there cleaaaaaan livin
[deleted]
Lot of stupid motherfuckers alive. Reminds me of gullible Trump voters.
earnings Thursday AH, buy friday AM?
Tech is still overvalued
So you're saying wait to buy the dip on ammo?
wtf QCOM expected eps is high af.. easy puts
Yeah that's a very obvious move, the market definitely hasn't priced in macbooks 100% manufactured by apple, only question is how much further will it drop first
Got some AAL 11/20 11c...30% cash gang and rest in leaps....CCL, CSCO, CNK....might get more CNK leaps. Muddy waters
PYPL dropped after the company lowered its full-year revenue forecast and said growth in new accounts slowed in the third quarter from the first half’s blistering pace
Does it mean my order is cancelled ?
oh okay
I'm more of a Sonya Sotomayor type of fella.
Tomorrow better be turn around Tuesday.
You did all of that while having an unverified email address?  How did you receive important account information?
All the skinny ones will fight and the obese will be left to pick up their rations.
Sauce?
I seriously don't understand why PYPL is dropping. AAPL sure no guidance and just a tight beat. AMZN ... good beat but not great guidance... I somewhat understand .... but now PYPL?! beat and guidance great? WTF?
If we don't crash i feel like booking puts are a good idea. Shits going to tank this quarter.
their earnings call
with that much scratch you could have gone to a real broker and played vix
where is the mistake
A classic
Oh my bad
[deleted]
seriously. SPY 400 amirite
Money printer bad for stability
Yes. The annals.
going to beach w little remy. gonna tie a rope around his paw its so windy out
Goog
Retard hands 🤡🤲🏻
Oh I knew today would be green. Called that on Friday hence the reason I was loaded up on 3x ETF’s. Tomorrow though, I’m calling red by 10:30am
Pinterest does absolutely nothing, change my mind
Why is the vote thing orange? Halloween be ova
Pelosi all day.

She's seen things, and remembers how to do most of them.
[deleted]
Kids Halloween candy, whoppers when I can snag them
Ok, show of dicks.  Who wants to bang Amy Comey Barrett?
Nose ring
Daddy, chiilll
[deleted]
Bittersweet chocolate. 60% cacao. 


As Ive gotten older regular/milk chocolate is too sweet to me 👴🏽
>This is what happens when you nationalise $4 trillion in assets with printed money.

WTF are you trying to say ??
Why cant we just chose the next president via twitter polls?
no guidance
Well, I does has autismos
My puts hope so!
and you realize this week will be the most volatile all year ? be my guest and buy calls before election
for you to be rewarded with PYPL tendies you must keep your faith
Shame and painkillers
Tqqq calls. Ok
oh vix can only go down, I read it as the market going down.  okay ill agree then lol
eod -3%
CGC has a contract to acquire a US company upon legalization. I'm pretty sure they have more exposure.
Meth inks I’m also bitter that I didn’t get in on leaps in March on all these fucking companies 🤡
What if last week was just selling to buy new moves once the election is determined ?
Feel lousy not being active today & totally missing that Amzn dip. Under-3k is what's called an opportunity.
Copper is needed to make copper wires in the new electric rifles being produced by TSLA. These rifles shoot electricity like tesla coils. Sales will be through the roof in case of civil unrest.
Sold my ANET shares like a paper handed bitch last week ‍🤦‍♂️
You fucks, everything is going to be alright 

There is always gonna be a next play 

Be kind to each other
Balls deep in AAPL.

Event coming up on Nov.10

New Macbooks expected. LOOOONNNGGGG
Because it’s important to work for a living bruh (forgot you’re a Biden supporter, I know they’re not about that life). That’s a value that’s instilled in families with generational wealth. Damn straight I still work a 9-5. No shame in that at all. I don’t expect you to understand that since the goal of everyone here seems to be to retire immediately. Some of us hit the genetic lotto and the novelty has worn off. You get bored
Bagholding PINS 11/20 62C. Feel like something is up with them. Confirmation bias: Tons of call buys and a 4.5% intraday swing with good buying volume during power hour and AH. Any soothsayers in the house?
That's a terrible idea.  Can't wait to do it tomorrow
[deleted]
Jack Dorsey net worth must remain at equilibrium
11/20 100p
U gonna be surprised dear retards
1 warrent = atm leap call?
Day trading the trend and closing eod.

Most profitable thing I’ve done thus far
This PayPal call pretty strong
2020: *Hold my beer!*
Take that 60k and put it back to work in NIO.
I'm holding SDOW 22P for Nov20. but as for SPY i've just been day trading puts on days where the market tanks.
Lived in the south for a lot of years.  Pretty sure it's y'all.
I'm not calling a rotation cause people sold off tech earnings and had to stick the cash in some other stonks cause they don't want to be out of the market. If the pattern holds, they'll be right back in the same tech within a few weeks.
Pirates booty
Biden is with Lady Gaga,  sounds bullish
Grapefruit and MasterCard calls for December.
Make sure you fold it out completely. 

They started showing bush in the new issues.
Lumber liquidators this morning
Tech will be rotated back into soon, not much better returns for PM’s than AMZN under 3000
Double down on AAPL calls, got it
I put in a buy limit order for VGT @ $260 for 30 shares. Hoping that gets hit
It's when you tattoo a dragon on your arm with a bic and a safety pin.
I almost did the same, got square instead. Made good money anyways, but could’ve made more. Oh well!
The chart does look peaky, but that hasn’t stopped it before
[deleted]
PayPal is pretty much limit down whereas google just doesn’t know what to do with itself. This is what happens when you nationalise $4 trillion in assets with printed money.
I’d agree with him because VIX hasn’t even come close to 50 and tomorrow is elections. The whole market crash thing was overblown. Worst we saw was spy touching 322 before rocketing back towards 335.
[deleted]
Calls on RGR
[deleted]
Shotgun. If in doubt, use a spread.
Hey guys... Whatcha snackin on?
Maybe sell 140 calls against this
CGC was more US exposure. Most retail US traders aren’t even aware of APHA right.
I don't think I've ever even opened a chart of NIO
I just heard from my uncle who is the lead Mint Distributor at the SPY executive washroom that Sue Bae is about to announce a new chip product line. 

My uncle didn’t find out what it meant and all he heard from the brokers was, “I’m jacked to the tits on UTZ puts!!!”
Except Cwh
After a 74% run this year not too bad
It didn't move at all when announced during the trading day earlier...
[removed]
These times are not certain, certainly.
DGLY was fun
Is it really HowToBasic if there isn't at least 1 egg?
Baba been pricing this in since announcement. You're on the right track but a few months late to the jump.
Hopefully
[deleted]
maybe was during the time Americans couldn't differentiate between Chinese, Japanese and Koreans
His supporters would be excited about that prospect
Boys listen. I'm retarded with my timing of buying/selling options and price action, but I think I might understand trends.

The game has already changed unless we get a big surprise tomorrow. Tech calls have been nothing but losers aside from a few gems. Money had been rotating out for some time now. I know you retards don't look at other sectors, but shit is mooning elsewhere.

Unless you want to get completely wiped out, wise the fuck up and stop buying tech calls. You might be able to time a bounce off support or something, but you're gonna lose most of the time. Start looking at industrials, basic materials, construction, and maybe some shit in energy. I might be way off, but this has been the trend as of late.
https://www.dictionary.com/browse/you-ll?s=t
It's called pulling out, something you clearly don't do
Why is Twitter mooning now. Theta on my understanding of this market.
I don’t think we will know for sure until nov. 20th and I don’t have a clue if it’s going to kinda just stall or drop till then.
Are you really in the game if you aren't playing though?
Of course I get the genius idea just now that if markets are pricing in biden Pot stocks will sore. Why is it always in hindsight that these plays are obvious. Should bought calls friday they woulda printed
Do you still have both kidneys?
Fuck man I hope it’s red. I’m in SQQQ SDOW SPXS and GME
You're giving me ptsd back to when I held puts through when Trump got covid and the market just kept ripping
one more thing"iphone comes with power brick..."
[removed]
Kamala. she look spicy
Except its not inflow that is spiking.
Lol frugal people should theta wheel. This is for gamblers.
SO MUCH DEMAND
I don't want to see Kamala at all, so guess Nancy it is.
The psychology couldn't be more different when using fake money though.
Guy Adami hypothesizing the VIX has priced in a contested election and it can only go down from here
If I was you I would have sold today in batches of 20-30% but what do I know. Good luck
I think if the Republicans win they'll still try to pass a stimmy, just not a huge one
Fucking Guy Adami talking shit on the VIX
Also can’t lose, and can stay in the game longer
DGLY will rip it after the election. No matter what there will be riots.
Sold all my PayPal puts today like an idiot
AOC
😂 Well I made 20% in the first 15 minutes so I'm good. And then mid-day bought TWTR calls expiring in December. Will see how it goes. I think it dropped unnecessarily when everyone is raising their target on it.
Natural Gas is the way. Buy as much AR as you can and thank me in 2 years
Does this work with income taxes?
You do realize it’s almost the lowest it’s been since the split right?
I use a toaster
Uh thanks. Google proved me right?
How much unrest though? Are people really willing to go out and risk their lives or just sit at home and complain? Either way, stocks only go up.
Theta gang is pretty happy right now.
Sells pet food ONLINE and people always need pet food and some people are even more autistic than us and are scared to buy pet food their pets can’t starve think of all the old ladies with cats who will die if they get covid at petco
Hey guys, I had a a real nice weekend. How about all of you?
Harris all the way bruh🥴
NIO reports earnings on 11/17
Is there a name for that strat
I just don’t trust the recent euro pumps the past two pre markets. Just seems as though a heavy drop from there side of the pond is coming.
depends on the person. Some think cash is better than -6%
Then why you slinging’ mortgages for a living? A job I had in college by the way. Lol dude you’re pathetic, you don’t have to lie to me, I’m just a random guy on the internet.
Why would you even buy that fridge?
That’s what I was thinking
There's scammy companies in every country.

The biggest accounting frauds in corporate history, Enron and Worldcom, were both American.
seems like it's been steadily getting lower since the beginning of october
I put a condor on uvxy. It’s crazy 9:1 payout if I pinpoint it just right by eow

Here we go for 20-22
honestly just FD puts on all earnings this week for ez money 😂
Was eyeing SQ hard today
Spy please reward somebody already .. either the gay bears or the Tran Bulls .. either 350$ tomorrow or $280.. fuck sake man
How is that a hedge at all??
PYPL dead. SQ follows.
Dude the put call ratio is still favoring calls.. not puts.
[deleted]
KH - but iono Pelosi got dem bagsss
[deleted]
Bruh I agree. I like sausage, but people stacking these greasy-ass meats on pizza are fucking nutty. Little pools of grease and shit, it's nasty.
you never buy calls a week before event dummy
too easy.
Same shit with AMZN, dropped from 3500 to 3000
paypal taking SQ down feelsbadman
why would you buy puts in a week that the market dropped like a thousand points? you thought it was going to go down another thou and not bounce the next week? wtf dude.......

i bought the dip. because you know, buy low sell high this is basic.
That’s really cool! Where’s your ISDA?
I have a portfolio with fake money on eToro and bought 100K USD NIO at 4$ back in February and told myself "it's an insanely retarded move, good thing is just for fun". While my real portfolio is down 99.99% because of options LOL kill me.
Mango makes it seems like Whitey will turn the US into MadMax. 

Dexamethasone wearing off.
It’s been dead money. I am selling calls & buying puts. Also not liking DX going back up like mad.
INVERSE WSB
My god it’s been a bloody for the past 3 weeks lol

God damn, how much more blood do you need
it will open around 180...
Lol after so many gut wrenching days I was up 1000 on my spy puts, felt nothing being up for once, of course I didn’t sell and now I’m done 300
Selling them to retards
The movement in tech rn is stupidity. Really you’re going to take your money out of PayPal lol like in all seriousness where are you putting it??

Banks are dead
Travel & Leisure is dead
Brick and Mortar retail is dead
Commercial real estate is dead
Oil is dead 

What do you wanna do take all your money out and sit in cash until when? Tech starts to reverse trend ?
News flash bitch. The market doesn't give a flying fuck about your feelings
Would you rather have a Kamala Harris or Nancy Pelosi onlyfans?
Google it.
Another apple event November 10th titled one more thing... buy shares right now and calls at open
Because the president pretty much openly invited some crazy fuck to do it lmfao
Today, tomorrow I reload calls.
About to get a new card with intro 15 month 0% APR and put all expenses on that until I max it out, in the mean time I dump 100% of my paychecks into brokerage account
God damn AMD....I know the deal was an all stock deal, but holy shit it will obviously be accretive eventually
Aoc would only post period pride pics ew gross
I'm doing stonks on this forum. Our portfolios will go down and we'll talk about fucking 80 year olds at 3AM
on a normal day, probably up. with this volatility and uncertainty, who knows. I suppose most likely flat. Today opened up, but basically flat after open.
She hasn’t cashed out. I’ve been tracking her trades. She only got them in June.
This is fucking hilarious
We go to valhalla together, brother
Super risky but ok
I know I almost sold 170/165 put credit spreads, thank the lord they didn't fill
How are u guys playing the weekly options ?

Plays  on the upside and hedging the downside or the other way around ? 

I am inclined towards the rally banking on a blue wave looking at poll data etc but Mango Man’s one tweet in craziness and anger  can destroy everything ..

Planning to open a small position @300 PUT 11/16 expiry to hedge ..
🥭 Twitter about to be so wild over the next 24 hours it will go down in the annals of history
I have 11/13 324p and I'm nervous as shit
Buying SQ calls tomorrow might be the real play. Price dropped from 190 to 152.
ROKU gonna tank like PayPal this week after earnings
You'll is you will, not you all
It's actually undervalued according to my local 7/11 employee
Gotcha. Godspeed brother, don't go overboard with the risk, you have to earn at least more than the interest you're paying to turn a profit.
Yeah let me just call up my wealth manager real quick and grab some account statements to show strangers on the internet that I have more money than them. Wanna know something? It’s literally somebody’s sole job to manage my portfolio. They don’t do anything else. I’m an heir to a major media empire biatch . Work hard all you want, there’s still a little shit like me somewhere that’ll still be ahead of you. And you probably don’t believe me. But that’s okay because I really don’t care
Cyclicals up, tech fucked, 10-year at 85bps. 

We're in full rotation mode.
Imagine futures are green tonight and 🐻s seeing this then continue staring at the bedroom lightbulb.
i have 1300 shares of rkt at $21.75 basis. 🚀 plz bby. ily.
Why do I feel like there’s going to be a shooting at the polls tomorrow.
Why? It just sells pet food.
I would go back to when b*tcoin was .15 cents and convince my parents to dump $50,000 into it. It’d be cool to transport back to the present day and realize I own a private island
Biden win = mask mandate = idiots get forced to wear their damn masks = less people get sick = better recovery with no lock down.

Also vaccine news should be getting dropped shortly after the election according to pfe.

By the time Biden would be sworn in the vaccine should be beginning to get shipped out to folk = no need for a lock down.

Real worry is biden wins = trump goes full fuckin batshit petulant twat and fucks up as much as he can before getting booted. Then we have a sane recovery under a nice slice of milquetoast named biden.

Or trump wins = markets pop for short before the US drowns in its own idiocy.

Also trump wins = shitty stimulus but soon while a biden win = a good stimulus but late.
If it’s anything like the cruise lines the shitty earnings have been getting priced in for the past month. RCL immediately went up after reporting negative revenues.
Why wouldn't it be?
i wont be surprised if she already cashed out, she had them for months now
Why bullish on Intel? That ship is sinking at the moment and I'm not sure where you're seeing the life rafts.
Ugh ugh I’ll buy 20 at 394 fuck no just two shares ....fuck it’s not going down.....another 18😂
[deleted]
Idk who will win tomorrow 

The only thing I know is I’m going to lose more money tomorrow
Holy shit, this guy can get tendies whilst getting tendies!
Wsb was too bullish on PYPL, you’ll knew what to do 😏😏😏😏
1998 - “Asian Flu” ....interesting
the daily threads are so dead. Nobody even here to spam DGLY which was up 30% today
Ok chief I’m sure most people do
it's retarded brother tanked it
Your a smart man
PYPL Don't give me hope
bullish
flat
I double dog dare them to.
+1% probably
TSLA calls hedged with DGLY calls?
How in the fuck is SPY still sitting at $330? What the fuck is this bullshit?
[deleted]
Pretty sure you can’t pay off student loans with credit cards.... 

You could just get cards that allow cash advance ...
>Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free.

jesus christ, lol
Paypal really just announced crÿpto trading last week for us to fomo in and baghold. Shit
aoc. she'd be waaaaay nastier
Yes
The best thing PYPL has going for it is 6mos interest free financing on purchases over $99

They don't get much revenue off of that offering... and tbh no point in using PYPL other than that
Why did SQ dip like that AH 🧐🧐🧐
I'd love if people were scared but I'll settle for, "take seriously."
you only lose when you sell.
Went full ber mode for tomorrow. Green confirmed
ivanka is a prune vegetable and has enough botox to fill a pool.
what?
Some call it “the Stranger” I call it raping my wallet.
That would mean tomorrow is a holiday and that would ensure more people voting... so no.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Exactly. He’ll let the market dump in the meantime as evictions pile up in November/December.
I’m selling spy puts tomorrow IV is so high and we will spike off a trump win
What is a meth ink?
PayPal more like GayPal
When you realize the bank made more money of this guy than anyone else
NIO and VERY are carrying my portfolio like fucking champs
PYPL 170p might actually just print lmfao
As much as I hope some disgruntled FD slanging degen employee that said fuck it on his way out.. There is probably some issue with day light savings causing the error. These dates are all automated and shit. No one is sitting there typing in months and days.
No - it’s open
That there is just proof stocks only go up
[deleted]
Colorado looking like it will have another non-essential shutdown, lots of flights out of DIA being canceled all the way through end of december
Blood bath
[deleted]
fax, we got that push on stimmy
Microsoft why you being this way BB why you so dead
backed into a corner like a rabid animal
Obviously PayPal would beat but like totally overvalued
PINS
most likely the back side of a spread they'll want to go to 0 anyways.
The dip will come if SloJo wins but doesn't take the senate.  The senate will block stim to make him look bad.
Haha, no a computer monitor
CHI-NA
give me ur predictions for tomorrow
Nah homie, but miss me with that pineapple on pizza nonsense.
Donnie going BRRRRR on the tweets
Just scroll through here and gauge spy sentiment and then choose the opposite.
I don't agree, but I also think sausage on pizza is a sin. To each their own I guess
I’m bullish on INTC but for apple event Nov 10 where they introduce new apple silicone macs, INTC stock price will probably go down
Don’t doubt your vibe boys
Yup I’m a piece of shit
So I bought spy 11/6 320p into close. Not sure if it’s a good move after all.
Biggest worry about Boeing is that their such a terribly run company that if the gov ever moves any contracts they’re gonna tank
I sit on my left hand to trade anonymously.
Holding some iron condors at the moment. Don’t know which direction the market is headed, but premiums are too fucking juicy to pass up right now
Anyone else remember that time when Bruce Jenner was a man?
[removed]
Breaking: Square announces that its not fucking paypal....
PayPal is making me feel sick, any news why?
No problem. PYPL today was also easy money.
Lol no. 3-4% movement between tomorrow intraday and futures after close. Today’s futures will be flat
fuck you
I dunno it’s range bound AF I’m out til it makes a meaningful move
Damn she is indeed crazy
The fuck why copper???
is the market open tomorrow?
nah, just campaign season ending
Americans are too fat for a civil war.
No because they have no US play right now and CGC has Acreage. If APHA went out and got US exposure maybe.
AOC and Ilhan Omar
AMZN puts going to print. 11/6 2900p
Yea the down side is only like 10-11% so it’s pretty safe honestly
lmfao
acb onlyfans. watch her insert mallet into anus
is the market closed tomorrow?
Pos?
she won't be on tv as much
Love how there's stains everywhere the fridge is exposed
[removed]
Necrophiliacs section?
Good plan. Will likely sell covered calls too, probably rocket FDs that won’t hit.
ROKU is really a POS, always crashes after earnings
NET DGLY
this is priced in, everyone already knows about the upcoming macs with their own chips
Ya mom birthing you is a sin
A green new deal president is going to be good for EVs and China must have been funding biden for some reason.
Every single big tech/fintech chart on the 1yr is the same, exponential blow-off-top growth since March.

Here we are, November, no stimulus in sight, approaching 100k cases a day... somethings gotta give. Clown car wheels falling off methinks.
Uber eats willl get destroyed by local
Competition. Look at what happened in China and India.
[deleted]
You’re screen is way to complicated. Move on over to RH
I was just going to say that RSI was oversold big time. No need for stupid dog
[deleted]
Nancy Pelosi has 250-500k in $PYPL leaps. Get fucked
i'd do it
Soooo..  calls on Maytag?
Who hurt you?
and im a sinner
I hope the gentleman i spoke too yesterday with 100k shares  worth of PYPL is alright.
it started as a DARPA project iirc

one of the better uses of defense money
Pray for a huge af crash.
Woh, woh. holdup. The new iphone does NOT suck.  It’s available in BLUE.  Well I think I proved my point here.  Move along.
I already had the stocks. I didn't want to sell those stocks. 

Don't know how they will track those stocks now but I will get any dividends or stock splits.

With this loaned money, I can do anything
That shit made me double down
Not too bad then. I figured it would be capped really low like CA.
What do you mean
Honestly, this mostly seems like fearmongering imo. Leftists actually like guns. The only people that don't care for guns are suburban moms. That demographic isn't increasing.

The left has almost never recommended taxes for middle or lower class individuals.

There is nothing happening to guns on a national level in a meaningful way. Sure they'll do stuff like a ban on bump stocks (which a republican president did) but nothing's happening to guns overall. It's all posturing.

At this point, it's more Republican fear-mongering for votes than an actual left-wing initiative.

The Supreme Court has also been conservative for the last 50 years.
[removed]
Can confirm. 3 ice dispenser motors and 4 service visits and it still doesn't work. Now it's out of warranty.
Whoaaa, just matched with Margaret Thatcher on Tinder
hmm interesting theory, could make sense. let's wait and see.
nope
Ivanka
Playing ers at this point is basically flipping a coin.
Either way I’ll still have my job and money to blow on fds. I would however love to see media meltdown after big T wins in a landslide
LEAP calls to finally meet your dad who left you at 7 years old!
Buy the dip?  Can you buy 1/100th of a share?  I'm in.
[deleted]
Lol
In other words; spy puts r ded
Interesting! Who gives loan against stocks in this volatile market?
[deleted]
Jumped 2.9% after losing 10%
I thought it was Acosta in a wig. Did she get fired?
olives are fucking disgusting
i would help hitler. id bring him a truckload of history books, maps, detailed plans etc
I’m in last stand over here
Damn saw PayPal puts on unusual activity but didn’t move on em
You don’t hold stocks?
BCC jumped and made me a bunch of money today.  When businesses are boarding up for riots, and a looming foreclosure crises means banks will board up homes, go long on boards.
PYPL deader than my wife’s love for me.
[deleted]
AOC easy
Black olives on pizza is a sin
Hahaha dumbass ! only losses are worth more in this sub
Neither put em on PH. But probably AOC
[removed]
Snap retard
welllll i guesss, we buying poots on the rest of these earnings plays lol this is so funny. Im putting 20k in roku puts no cap
Calls on Roku
RIP
Horse has bolted on lockdown in US.

Masks and distancing will be (and should be) mandated.
just buy calls then sell before event starts when ppl sell off
AOC
 “BuT fOrD mAkEs mOrE cArs”
Isn’t California mostly just fire and brimstone now anyway?
I mean who wants solar anyway right... sun isn’t cool.... :/
Man whenever I played earnings before this election things always turned out good. Earnings are just a reason to selloff now because of how shaky things are
So you’re saying there’s a chance? 🧖🏼‍♂️
Good if true. Markets might still dip though if the sentiment is that there will be more taxes on corporations (especially tech) which cut into profits.
Loaded up w $NIO calls. See you at $60 EOY. 

Jan ‘21 $30. 

May ‘21 $35.
I keep trying to rent out the AMC down the street because they keep advertising that i can but they’re booked every single day I try.
I bought PYPL at 212 after they announced crepto trading 🤡🥴
who will miss kaitlin collins after tomorrow?
Its nighttime at 5 pm, snow outside, im losing all my money and I have become skinny fat because of second wave gym closures. Who can complain
hardly
This is WSB, I’m better off inversing you. One of us has to win right?
Lmfao good response to my autism hahaha
Who the fuck downvotes Boiler Room?
[removed]
Paypal is a prime example of how overvalued tech in general is. At first glance, you'd think it would have room to grow with great earnings, considering all the tech sell-off of the past two weeks. But yet, here we have another 7% lopped off. 11/13 SQQQ calls
Only lost 490$ today

Compared to the past two weeks, that is a win

😎😎😎
Would you rather an Ivanka or AOC onlyfans?
Aroused
Yea, I cant even imagine if it would be a soft "squishy" sound, or more of a "cracking" sound
>If Biden wins I’m going to sell all my personal possessions and buying as many weed shares as I can.

Why weed shares? Is Biden Pro-Weed ? 

\- sincerely 

Retard from Scandinavia.
As long as it doesn't take 20 years to come back
I'm not disagreeing with them dumping, I'm just thinking those who were going to, probably already would have. Unless they at waiting to see if more chaos happens.
Cuz this shit is retarded. Trump is so friendly to fossil fuels that it's been cheap for these companies to produce due to guaranteed help from the government, low taxes, and loose regulations. Supply is too high.

In theory, Biden and Democrats would impose more regulations on these companies and move more government money toward green energy. This would raise costs for these companies and possibly cause supply to tighten up, leading to an increase in the price of oil and related things.

Edit: Left one part out. A massive infrastructure bill from Biden would also be predicted to increase demand for oil in the US by a significant amount.
At least you're not eating literal cardboard like me.

You have flavored cardboard
i cant even make sense out of what most people say nowadays. too complicated and weird thinkin. im a bit more simple
lol there was very little excitement in the options flow today which makes me think tomorrow will be pretty flat as well. basically just shakin out weak hands before d-day
[deleted]
Yeah man ive never seen so much trump shit and i live in shitty ass new jersey
#ThetaGang
Can’t wait to see how well Europe is doing after a month semi lockdown. Lockdowns do nothing because this is America and only 10% of people listen to either side.
Donnie going a little nuttier than usual with the tweets lol
[deleted]
Yeah, well whole tech sector is overpriced. Have you seen the growth of all this stocks this year. I guess zoom will tank even harder
That’s a nice 5 figure loss for the day. Might pick some up with low volatility tomorrow.
So jerking is good for emotional wellbeing?
so
Oh Nooooo!!
Toilet paper hands
Well, these PayPal puts are going to print
[deleted]
this is interesting. Tell me a bit more, the money that you get will have to be invested in stocks and held as collateral by the bank? Or you had to hand over some previous stock investments (you made earlier prior to applying this loan) to the bank as collateral in order to get the loan?
Whenever I think about buying stock in Boeing or an airline, I remember that GM is still at the same price it was at 10 years ago when it got bailed out from bankruptcy / re- IPO’d, then I just buy more TSLA and kiss my little framed Elon portrait.
[removed]
Man wtf
🥰
oh after that we have SPY 400
i dont
Ban
Chewy is going to be great long term but the uncertainty right now is scaring people off
AMRC with some nice guidance
[deleted]
Hey man, the past is the past. I just wanna be rich.
I’m going to get sq put spreads for earnings thereby enabling it to moon
PYPL really starting to drill after hours - down 6% now
AMC can’t close down. They’re be nowhere with premium seatingto watch a movie anymore
Same
inflow of capital into the markets matches with rallies !
Everyone here thinks Biden will win, you know what that means...
Whoa
LFGGGGGG
Retarded comment.
Eh at least you bought leaps i lost 12k since the tech correction
I like this guy
now this is a bet

edit: godspeed retard
Blah blah....RKT.... blah blah

$25 calls
Lol on Boeing having solid fundamentals. If you’re so sure about that, you better bet your whole life savings on it.
Lots of sirens. Shooting was 2,5 h ago now. Crazy videos on twitter, but we shouldnt share.
Or just become Lou in Hot Tub Time Machine and "invent" Louoogle instead. lol
Aurora Cannabis
This
Assuming Biden wins, but the VP is also a Senator... so they have a waiting period before CA governor anoints a replacement
you must be new to trading earnings
So how long should we be scared of china virus
Double pump it’s in a double pump formation heading towards 120 it’s called double pump shotgun don’t miss out
Good dd all in
[deleted]
msft at 200 is free money
Oh I know, I'll sell all my 10 PWR calls I've been holding and bleeding for weeks   to buy vix calls 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡

 https://imgur.com/LnJGxX0.jpg

 https://imgur.com/Vulqmcw.jpg

 https://imgur.com/0Vg6254.jpg

 https://imgur.com/AXiA8mn.jpg
women like clothes.  What can I say
So....GME 11/6 calls?
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
XLK   121.0|0.46|0.65|0.44|-0.27|32.963%


XLK 121.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxvhy4&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Like a Ponzi scheme in reverse.
What about Sedg? 

Rip
Trump gonna win buddy. Just got back from driving through PA. It’s all Trump or mixed unless you are in Philly.
If you stopped Hitler, you might butterfly effect the Internet away. Can’t have that.
+3-4% at some point between tonight and tomorrow's close. Markets are celebrating democracy tomorrow. What happens after that is anybody's fucking guess. XLK 11/20 121c to the TITS
Get out of the home depot kitchen display bro we get it ur homeless
I’ve been saying this for a while - the Company is a disaster. They can’t even manage their inventory levels. Literally throwing away sales by not having anything in stock
Buddy Forgot to inverse the inverse. Blood tomorrow
Ban
Aged like milk
#AOC + free
NIO just did
PayPal beat earnings and they’re literally hitting circuit breaker in AH
Like Biff Tannen's gambling book in Back to the Futures 2
Can’t beat mines I’m down 15k since September
[https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-election-forecast/senate/](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-election-forecast/senate/)

yeah looks like they will still probably lock it up, with the usual grains of salt about polls.
Don’t care, plus your white
[removed]
Yikes
dude there was a terrorist attack in montreal 2 days ago. they dont report it and they just charge them with murder. this is the only way the word gets out
Fuckin Snap
why do you think so
lol
Sold my $35 calls this morning. 

Thank you NIO!
Lol they are still going to be using Intel for years to come.
50 is enough. Veep breaks ties
Those who say it's a plant bro have never grown weed.  Most people couldn't grow dispensary quality weed if their life depended on it.
SEDG 260p definitely going to print, I wonder if PYPL 170s will

Need it to drill a little more so IV crush doesn’t kill me..
lol tuberville aint winning that shit. horrible coach
please speak in the common autist tongue
Whenever I consider buying an airline stock or Boeing I think of this and just buy more TSLA.
Aw fuck
You naughty girl, you like hearing it, don't you?   


PRICED IN
depends. I own a  **MQ-4 Triton .**
11/13 95p, let's close the gap first.
Stonks. Although I'll laugh harder when GME actually does something.
Took all my retard strenght not to
Carvana until the entire market sold off the next day.
hentai
Silicone macs
My boy who uses GameStop frequently because he’s a 27 year old rocket League addict with a controller smashing problem, just informed me that they are only keeping very limited stock in stores and you have to wait for most shit to be shipped right now.
iPhone 13 lol

they decided to release an iPhone each month
Whats ur BABA positions?
Google
You're DOUBLE legit retarded.

And my daddy can beat up your daddy.
You know whats sad? If we ever have a time machine..... We wont be stopping hitler or both WW, instead, all of us Rtards  will be making money off of options.
[removed]
I’m so exciting to see r/weedstocks lose all their money again starting tomorrow. Those fucking hippie losers never learn lol
right there with ya. closed out most my options just sitting on shares and selling covered calls
pins
there was a terrorist attack in montreal. political correctness is so out of control that they charged him with first degree murder
Guh. Flat af today.
Do it.
Hello
but then the Dem VP breaks the tie.
[deleted]
Awesome Cucked Bears
PINS
Ruh roh
Pinterest
that's not true is it? was only like a 35% drop, wasn't 08 around 50% overall?
Yes MMs feed my ATVI puts
Portfolio will be blown up if we green tomorrow
I’ve been masturbating so much the last couple of days. Sorry little guy
Damn dude, you got absolutely butchered today. I don’t think you’ll ever financially recover.
New AAPL event? 

*Oh boy here I go buying puts again*
Nicely done.  I’m sending you a DM
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   40.0|0.17|0.18|0.18|0.03|111.487%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 40.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 40.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxv6wm&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
You should just Venmo me to keep your money safe. I’ll only charge the bare minimum, 15%. It’s better than losing everything.
I am like the captain of the Titanic, I am going down with the ship (SQ)
[deleted]
F in the chat for PYPL & SQ gang gang
I sold ZM puts last week and will be eating Taco Bell for the next 3 months
Jesus Christ, when was the last time a stock actually went up after earnings?
>Why did I buy NIO 11/6 40c literally at the peak. Odds are they’ll print by eow??

LOL

Odds are very low. Sell it at the open to avoid the IV crush.
i wish i had enough scratch to sell them to you
AMC Chapter 11 is imminent. Very bullish. They can definitely restructure successfully by closing down the weaker theaters as we recover from the pandemic.  If they can somehow survive one more quarter then they’re likely to be saved from Stimmy II next year.
Isn’t he basically fucked if she dumps him though?
I called that on PYPL. The crypt o announcement timing was way sus
Imagine buying GM after the bailout 10 years ago only to check and see it at the same IPO price.
could be wrong, that's just my opinion. I just can't rationalize why these companies would be dumping on fantastic numbers otherwise.
Shiiiit! I’d like to think it was someone’s last day and they wanted to give a finger to the company on the way out.  Because doing this on accident would just be aweful.
motion creates emotion - boiler room (2000)
Lol its gonna gap up tomorrow and wipe me out
You’ll def be up
Because the market, like the public at large, only worries about deaths. If deaths stay where they are, the market will probably be rewarded for ignoring it because there will be no more restrictions and the economy will continue improving (though not to 2019 levels for a bit). If deaths start climbing at an alarming rate, which might not happen or might not happen until late November, then the economic recovery will be threatened.
Paypal destroying earnings

People: 😩
absolute cock boners
PayPal and SQ bulls 💀 

Tbh I haven’t been able to buy any tech companies. Any decent company is already trading at 500x lmao

If this is not bubble idk what is.
I went cash at close after making 40% on some VXX scalps.

Did I make the right decision?
Austin city bimits
I use a coworkers Costco card as well, but you nailed it
who wants to go to a movie anymore, outdoor movie screens in your backyard are all the rage.
Yeah literally just book balancing by the online books
PLUG that ass baby!
How the hell is PYPL down they had a monster Q3
Am I seeing this right or was volume really low on a lot of prominent stocks today. $TSLA at just 28 million seems real low. Maybe I’m tripping.
Seems like a lot of stuff to happen, in order for your assumptions to be true by Wednesday, all I'm saying
Hope there’s a smart mfer who loaded up on puts before close ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
You’re retarded
[removed]
Fess up, which of you retards fomo'ed into NIO at the top?
Ended up make 500 after I let it erode from 2k. Profit is profit. Tough trading day.
Playing any earnings unless it's either shares or spreads is prime retard territory
[deleted]
So, he’s taking scientific advice to save people from a virus? Cool
Been holding since August.. I'm steadfast
They approved it 😁
Thanks just bought 100k spy
Good one.
I think I just came a little
Pussy
#Amy Coney Barrett
Nah broke even on cvs call, holding uber call spread. Mods just need to sack up

Also my blood sugar is low
Ban
Where tf have you been man?

This is WSB, ain't nobody got time for wisdom.
[deleted]
Can’t argue with that. Lol.
Put/ call ratio was like 2 on Friday and idiots on here literally thought MM would just let them skate with free $.  The market is manipulated as shit, has been, and will always be.  If it seems like an obvious play, inverse that shit because it isnt going to happen
Lol it needs to be. Shit overpriced and sq too
[deleted]
[deleted]
entire Portfolio is in NIO TLRY CGC calls
Abra Cadabra Bitch
Castle in the valley pattern, tread carefully as castles shouldn’t be in valleys
Sorry, what were you saying 🙂
That’s what I thought. No proof.
I have $CGC but do you think $APHA will be more effected by US legalization?
Cut back on supply.
No, I meant bulls. You can't just call price movement that you disagree with algos. I mean you can, but then you'd be retarded.
[deleted]
It is pretty ill-advised to be so leveraged ahead of such an unpredictable binary event.  Post updates, let us know how it turns out.
I mean we had an even bigger crash and quicker recovery just 9 months ago than we did in 08 lol
Markets are behaving so fucking weird these days, red green red green up down sideways loopie 360 noscope dafuq man
Late to the party. The pump was last week
Yeah the volumes I've looked at were pretty solidly down across the board.
The unusual whales can be more autistic than us or hedging or both, like 2.8 Mil on SPY 180P 2-19 at 3:50 today
that's a fair point. people like my parents actually suffered
Damn 93 octane still 3.20+ here
IN THE PIT LANE – LAWRENCE STROLL RAINMAKER [Deal Article from F1 perspective ](https://f1chronicle.com/in-the-pit-lane-lawrence-stroll-rainmaker/)
You are in the right place.
How much did u lose in total
What does ACB stand for
This guy on CNBC saying Democrats need 4 seats to take the Senate for more stimulus, likely won't pass with a GOP Senate.

Dems currently have 47 seats + 4 would be 51. But guy is discounting the fact that Alabama probably going back to GOP so they actually need 5 or they'll only have 50.
I would put any of those firmly in the camp of a trick up their sleeve. I don’t see any of those companies rushing to inherit AMC with their debt load when they could just buy its assets at liquidation.
[deleted]
Europoors turned out to be even worse than Canuckpoors. At-least Canucks do a thorough background check before letting anyone in their country.

Europoors let in anyone
[deleted]
If you’re wrong you won’t make another post about it. If you’re right you’re the fucking rain man and you’ll let everyone know about it
She prefers that I call her “mom”
hookers
I mean, you’re just playing the odds right?
Online Betting Markets Are More Bullish On A 🍑 Victory Than Polls. Bcoz of simple human psychology, Gamblers like us usually look at all the tendies we could make betting on unlikely events only to be bested by stats & probability.
no monies
Damn man, are you ok? We need to all band together and topple them.

P.S. please don’t ban me, this is just a joke
[deleted]
The guy in a leather jacket, vest, and white shirt. Yeah, that's who I'm talking about.
What if it’s a Biden Democratic landslide?  Otherwise known as a blue wave ?  

So big in fact that one (including Trump) could not dispute it?
I wouldn’t do to anyone what I haven’t tested on myself. 

^or ^a ^bunny
You son of a bitch. Unban!
Digital-only gaming is really only for very casual players. Streaming games introduces extra lag, making competitive online games such as CoD frustrating. Downloading just a few of the latest AAA games will fill up the Xbox/PS storage and hit whatever data caps your ISP imposes every month. Some people will get by digital only, but I don't see any serious gaming working with the internet services we have right now.
just two standard mag.
You're not wrong
Puts on Beretta
That was after a year of declines
Election vol isn't the only reason why, the numbers these huge companies are dumping over on earnings is indicative of general overvalued pricing, IMO.

I think prices just went up too high
Missed your chance this year.
you belong here
AR glasses...duh.
[removed]
Yea am I seeing it right or are tech volumes low as fuck today. I don’t play TSLA but 28 million seems really low.
AMC had poor earnings and yet is going up. Makes sense.
[deleted]
Imagine buying $sq over $140. 300 PE. What a shit company
nice one
ban can man ham slam tran pan tan
Boomers didn't really get to, rich millennials and GenXers did; a lot of boomers lost a shit ton of money
yo whyd tqqq not track right today
Futures mooning!!
$apha
why would Trump be bearish for Oil?
Can someone explain how gas is back to pre-recession levels? I thought oil was fucked. $50 to fill up my vehicle? I use 93 but still
It’s time to blow it on fds
RIP AMZN... god damn it man
upvote if you think sleepy joe will win, downvote if you think 🥭
Ferrari retard play.... Surely some of us who haven't yolo'ed into losses all year can and water able to afford a few
Is he also your girlfriends bf?
No clue why it’s tanking then..
Literally same
Ah you were the one yesterday asking about it.
[deleted]
You're retarded
What lube did you use to ease the pain?
SPYDER, no one says "convertible Lamborghini"
[deleted]
Bears sleeping it off. Shh.
ROI on your confidence and people just like you more f you are good looking
Shit. He must be blocked for me.  

Maybe the auto mod can detect levels of 🌈🐻 and bans people who are extra.
[removed]
Haha same here is was making a celebration call and saw it correct mid call. Guh
Sold pypl 5 minutes before earnings PHEEEWWW
What made you do it ?
Mods
Why didn’t you do it in March
I think you could just stay inside
Lower Q4 guidance than market expected.
Lol. Someone ended they day on red
Anyone playing Wayfair earnings? Sold some calls on it that’ll probably ITM tomorrow
its interesting that AMC is rising with those earnings. Are investors waiting for the call?
Would you hold going into the next few days America has in front of it?
Oh, we didnt tell him yet?
how do you fund your gambling?
The black stainless version is better with family hub :)
Lots of injured calls from the past month of mayhem. I have some of my own. gl
JPow showing up after lunch today
Done. Missing dick now, thanks PYPL
Sedg did the fastly🤪🤪🤪
How would that even fill?
pRiCed I.....idk honestly
Depends. How big are the magazines?
go get an iphone
but... stonks only go up?   ????????????????????
Lmfao — I wonder how many people got fucked by this
4% AH
Right?? Company beats estimates > raises next quarter outlook > stock tanks...WTF?
Weed is going crazy rn, honestly the only stake I have for the election
PayPal going back to 160
anyone else want the market to retract 50%? I just really wanna dump cash into stocks at the bottom like boomers got to do in 08
say hello AMC
This is the way!
Priced in
The amount of times this fucking question is asked
It’s his literal and figurative chicken tendie machine
I should invest in some cosmetic surgeries
Legalization just means a glut of cheap weed and tiny margins. Other places are already over saturated.
That works (or lower) -- I just need my uvxy to 3x to keep me warm till 2021.
If you know how to use it. Yeah. I’m better with mine than a rifle
[deleted]
Because it only beat by 14%
He didn't even get it home yet
good luck, its not getting back up there tho imo
[deleted]
It's election day tomorrow
[deleted]
Priced in
Speaking as someone who thinks that the next few weeks will be hairy - why would the markets finally start reacting to America's COVID shitshow after Thanksgiving when cases are rising exponentially right now?
$2.73 for 91 octane gas?? maybe recessions aren’t all that bad
About that. Hope you had puts
Disney buyout...could turn it into a network of (NBA sports bubble facilities). An entire ecosystem for professional sports to help contain the virus w/out having multiple sites w/ out being stuck in one location. 

Netflix buyout...keep as theatres in major cities

Amazon buyout...distribution centers or keep as theatres in major cities
Snow melted last week and it’s pretty nice here. Neighbour just drove by in her convertible Lamborghini. Maybe I can be her sugar baby since WSB hasn’t given me a lambo yet
Bought 182.5/185 and 187.5/190 PayPal put debit spreads. Let’s go!
Priced in
I hope you have a permit
Not this morning, AMCX up 6% though
A lot of the non-marquee stock names went up today, that's what offset the markets.
False. We’re in a bull market that’s going through election volatility.
Thanks. I’m thinking this is one of 2 things. Either a relief bounce like last Thursday, and we dump tomorrow. Or like you said, markets have a good idea of who’s winning and most the uncertainty is gone
It was when PYPL was around 140ish, so like two quarters ago I think?
🤯
[deleted]
stock secured
y PYPL down?
Inheritance looking juicy
Yes, there an option when I login to my TOS for live trading or paper trading. Everything is the same except one is real money and one is fake money.
Abe Froman, the Sausage King of Chicago?
The screen in my tesla
Shiiiiiet
Why no one is mentioning about Election Day tomorrow????
If you also have a hole to crawl into, then yes.
what about the day after, looking for a good day to buy
8 more days like today for me and I’ve hit my eoy goal. 


🙏🏻

Do not blow it on fd’s

Do not blow it on fd’s
Most of what you just mentioned either have no impact on spy or have already been largely priced in
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
FSR   15.0|0.4|0.45|0.42|0.1|139.793%


FSR 15.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxuhjv&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Just buy the dip retard. Its on sale this week
Bazooka.
Sitting on 9k cash so I still have plenty of ammo to keep buying the dip
[deleted]
Stimulus only guaranteed if there's a blue wave with a Biden win
Oh boi, here I go yoloin' again
[deleted]
SQQQ is a leveraged inverse of QQQ or basically an index of the market. 

That means when QQQ goes up, SQQQ goes down hard. When QQQ goes down, SQQQ goes up bigly. 

It is intended to always go down. Nobody buys and holds this stock. Why? Because overall the market goes up and so the inverse of that would be always go down, especially when it is leveraged. 

It exists as a stock for hedging short term or trying to capitalize on the market performing poorly. Calls on SQQQ are basically puts on QQQ. 

It shows up when you look for VIX stocks but there are no stocks that are directly tied to VIX, this is just an approximation of that. The market could be highly volatile but go up and SQQQ will go down. 

If you're buying SQQQ stocks or calls you are in the same camp as the bear gang and are hoping the market tanks.
Only an idiot invests in AMC, it's going defacto bankrupt. Only chance to make money is to wait til it goes to like $1 and they talk bankruptcy, and buy some in the hope of the retard bounce back to $2.
tomorrow green too obvious because tomorrow red too obvious
Holding FSR 11/20 15c
All in cinemark after it tanks earnings? They can't both go permanent tits up.
Imagine thinking PayPal would keep rallying the day before the most contested election in history during a global pandemic after going up 150% since March
Famous last words..

Idk man you still have plenty of time to change your mind.
It was a bit of luck. I like to watch the volume throughout the day, for a truly drastic shift you need to have extremely high volume to break through all the limit orders and stop losses. Today we didn't have the volume at any point, look back to Friday last week and end of day there was a massive buy the dip almost identical finish to day.
red or green tomorrow? Considering rallies haven’t lasted more than two days the past few weeks, I would think red. 

So green?
They *currently* do
It will happen very soon. People haven't paid enough attention to see that money has been rotating out of tech for weeks or even longer now. ER has been a good excuse to dump for the big boys, no matter if they beat or don't. PINS and SNAP were pretty much the last gasps of the great tech rally.
His motherfucker
[deleted]
rverything is overpriced, stocks, houses, cars, this is not sustainable
God. Nothing infuriates me more. It’s like, buddy, it hasn’t happened since 2007.
[Buy the rumor, sell the news.](https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/06/stockdeclinegoodnews.asp)
I hope they do! I got $39c like a fomo dork.
That SPY 326 was a sign. We see SPY 326 tmrw or ban me
[removed]
i did the same thing man. Almost everyone has. We got greedy and doubled or tripled down. Don’t beat yourself up about it. You got a lot more life and a lot more contracts ahead of you. It’ll happen again
alchemy. watch me turn gold into lead
Probably another light Green Day tomorrow before the election. No big player wants to get burned on a gamble , or maybe they do what the duck do I know I have a degree in finance and am just as qualified as a monkey with a computer
Awwww man, clicked to read his whiny rant but its already [removed].
i hear you, but with Ds, we could be getting unchecked deficit spending even after 2+
If I wasn't adding some risk, I might as well go to r/investing
I'm not sure this makes sense, but fuck would that be nice.
do you think a Beretta 92FS is enough if shit goes down in NYC tomorrow?
[deleted]
he ded
Sell it now and watch it moon tomorrow
[deleted]
Before earnings even started lmao
sausage production prolly
Ask for bob winterle
Dude probably thought he was in France lmfao. I guess terrorism is becoming prevalent in Europe again.
Terror attack. 

Will have 0 effect on the market, but is sad nonetheless.
Bought ten shares of Fan and double my stock in ICLN. Wanted to do more but too broke atm. Lol. Thanks for the downvote motherfucker.
Even worse is they announced bankruptcy would be likely like 10 hours ago
Let's hope next year everything is better

Ok no fucking way it's going to get better
Oh ok, too bad i don’t have margin, otherwise prob would do this
stay way from earnings man..
And yet my 420k CBDD are still worth fuck all.
Oh I think it's already over and priced in. Trump is not gonna contest unless the election is super close. Market is hoping for Biden win anyways because he will approve of a larger stimulus.
[deleted]
Was about to rotate into Paypal puts before close but decided to stick with my tesla puts 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
160p
Don't need to. Take your neighbors dog and suck that pipi
did you lose money on hertz calls by any chance?
It's cause it's priced in. TSLA growth of like 60% a year for ten years is ALREADY priced in.
I still expect some insurance sell off EOD, just nothing to the level of last week.

Good luck though.
$50 EOW if Biden win
[deleted]
That motherfucker
Thx for the pypl dip
Get more BLNK calls
Because we in a bear market cuz. 

Every earnings gonna tank unless the ticker already tanked before hand, which basically none did today.
Thank fuck I got outta PYPL earlier
this is what happens when u stay in the casino too long
Same SPY drop happened on TW. Looks like someone mistyped a sell order and got fucked. Either that or did a market order and got fucked.
Should have paid attention to big tech earnings. The market doesn't care that earnings were beat; they are predicting a darker future quarter with election and covid uncertainties. Paypal must have come out with bad projections for the next quarter.

Expectations were priced in
Remy La French bulldog
[deleted]
tomorrow red too obvious
You did it once now you can do it again 😎
Rip the people that thought pypl would actually print for them😂😂😂😂🤡
burned a day trade to close those PYPL calls at 3:59 pm 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
[deleted]
What kind of loan?
Wow. AMC maaaaaybe has one quarter left until they are big F. 

Unless the CEO has something up his sleeve, or an act of Congress, AMC is fucked.
nah ive played 20+ earnings. i know the game
AMC jumped though?
[deleted]
Did amc not move
Good capture for the bulls? I think you spelt Algos wrong
You’re going to be chasing this high the rest of your life.
The fuck is going on in Vienna

https://twitter.com/partisangirl/status/1323373502573899777?s=21

https://twitter.com/o_oinformante/status/1323378181320122370?s=21
Fuck! I wish PYPL didn't report earnings
[deleted]
Call Philadelphia trust company
12/2 SPY 325p for erection day
Once a retard always a retard
Oh my apologies, I forgot that using a loan with 4.7% interest to play the market is only a bad idea when it's options. 

Carry on.
Lol u actually delusional. I saw that happening too but this time with election, PYPL def tanking
Probably, I’m holding bearish positions cuz I’m leaning more bearish for tomorrow but it seems like it’ll be green.
why paypal tanks?
Remy LaCroix?
How did you snag 4.75%? I'm not too garbage and can only find 6.25% for a signature
Can NIO dump tomorrow please.  I bought 80 33p exp friday at 2.26 each.  Momma its hurts
stock secured; credit union
 Seriously if you'd just get puts on each of the tech earnings, statistically you'd be very well off
Imagine being amc
Where are you getting unsecured loans at 4.75%? 

I want to buy puts on the company writing loans like that.
Yup, odte bear got hunted
Honestly no clue
I’m usually a bull but I think tomorrow is going to be a bloodbath for tech
Or maybe sell that one and buy new otm call if you think its going up
It went down because overall market sentiment is poor, despite solid earnings and PayPal increasing guidance, this market will sell anything and everything off before election. My advice for you is to buy PayPal LEAP calls. This will be over 200+ by next year. I have PayPal $300 2022 calls that I will sit on comfortably
I’m so depressed in the span of August to now, I turned 4k into 35k back to 4k...
Free money
Yeah, don’t know shit about AMC network. I think they made GoT and Breaking Bad a few years ago or something.
stock secured
I r fuk
Yeaaaaaaaa boyyyyyyyyy

THATS A MF DROP. TOP. 

🌈🐻✊ out here flexing
Because it can. Nothing makes sense anymore. Few companies Ive been watching beat and far exceeded with better revised Q4 forecasts and they tank. Does not compute. Basically whatever you think is the logical answer invert it
Haha just imagining your heartbreak as PayPal beat earnings and thinking "This is it, I did it!" HAHAHAH
Lmao someone just got boned selling 16k shares of SPY $4 below market price
never
Can’t forget my friend works there and he actually told me a few months ago that business is booming for them 😂😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Well, technically, you did say it just now. Volunteer #1. Gottem?
Pretty low lmao
Still within my hold short signal, but must admit this was a good capture for the bulls today. 330 paves the way for 340. 

VIX held its weight though today, clearly volatility is not done and today was just an up date amidst a volatile down trend. 

Anything could happen, tomorrow gonna be a roller coaster. 

PS: RIP PYPL call holders.
Miami rentals are $500 for the day.
there*
Rally before the sell off
Lol was a glitch. Your puts are fucked.
To any of you tards asking

It’s because Robinhood
Today, downvote fairy didnt show up. Maybe finally lost it all I guess.
What did it do
[deleted]
[deleted]
That is literally free money
Great earnings, stock drops 4%, as is usual for most tech these days.
[deleted]
jeez from where? Lending Club?
[deleted]
my friend didn't believe me I took a screenshot though
My dad hit 1000% on fucking NIO *stock* today. Fuck.
PayPal $150 EOW
what does a Weren't get me?
That’s my thinking but with the election tomorrow, I wouldn’t be surprised if it was flat.
Peoplw surprised by earning movements still after weeks of this shit are a special kind of retard
[removed]
Omfg my heart stopped for a second there.
some folks in vienna, austria really hate jews. where have i heard that before?
Why people complain about manipulation everyday? Just go with the manipulation lul
Not long options, "safe" strategies
What kind of loan is this. I’d do 4.75% all day if it was a personal loan not secured by anything
Spy still at 330?
Yolo tho
you'd need a contested election to make anything.  So maybe a 1/4 shot.
Why the fuck would you buy AMC calls???
Bankruptcy is bullish.
Everyday SPY glitches AH.
Oh ya. Plus just big institutions and trading firms that have been selling /ES short just to hedge their long portfolios or stay delta neutral will take those hedges off after this huge binary event.
Rip shrimp gang
Bro... the entire reason XLE mooned today is because they are betting on a Biden win. Trump is bearish for that shit
It is.  I bet there are more players who sustain a serious injury or have other accidents that knocked them out of college ball who could have played in the NFL, than there are players in the NFL.

Also hedge funds are a massive case of survivorship bias.  On average they perform worse than index ETFs, but people cherry pick the few lucky ones as examples of "genius".

It's all bullshit and the people on top always got there due to a massive amount of luck, true straight across life.
How is the performance of the x3 chip
I miss the penny stock ban that used to be here.
Where can I report this to? Cops, FBI, homeland security or SEC?
If Elon wants to keep scamming investors he will
I was referring to the ‘OnDemand’ feature. Is there an actual paper account you can login to and make ‘live’ trades with?
Terrorist attack, videos showing fucking dudes dressed up in white robe type shit going around killing people with rifles.
Lol, even when im out of town for months, my water bill is $50 a month in just taxes and fees with no use.
We know.
Diamond handing NIO 1/15 $30c  "I'm not fucking selling". 

If this crashes, i'm going down with the ship!
Anything interesting tomorrow that will affect the markets? Seems like it will be a boring day!
I accidentally read the financials for AMC network this morning and bought more AMC calls thinking it sounded great. Being retarded does not help.
i guess... i don't see anything on rh spy
y u not retarded brah?
please be kidding
Welcomes to earnings, where only the lube is priced in.
That’s great but Wall Street has 87% prediction success rate.

And even then, I talk about tomorrow, not Wednesday.
Where are the retards who bought amc calls. You fucks cost me 30$ back when y’all pumped that shit.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   40.0|0.17|0.18|0.18|0.03|111.487%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 40.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 40.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 2 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxtump&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
It’s high already. Will go down fast if markets think election is going smoothly with obvious outcome likely. Might go up a little if market sniffs out problems likely to lead to disputed outcome.
Which earning was that? My money is shorting the shit of it and SQ this week
-TWTR @ $42
Anybody using Schwab to exercise these warrants? They are saying they have nothing from the custodian and may take 1-2 weeks to sort out.
TLRY $7 calls
largely agree.
Go back to 326 you bitch
Bought four already!
Why did I buy NIO 11/6 40c literally at the peak. Odds are they’ll print by eow??
AMC is literally dying and you guys want to go all in on leaps. Unreal
aapl 120
SPY is not down 2% AH. Switch broker
As long as Richard is ok with it.
Yeah what bullshit I was getting a raging boner for a minute there.
Probably just calls being executed
Yes
Very odd day today. Seems like a lot of big players were silent today and let the market kind of just roll. Makes me have no clue what the next 4 days have in store.
Into the bunker!
I bet 500 with a friend back in 2017 and talked so much shit that I'm going to have to pay it if I lose.
Yep it said golden idol, nothing about bronze...
Bought debit put spreads on PayPal due to it being close to its high and seeing other tech react the same way. It’ll be green by morning
[removed]
Lol market is totally not manipulated at all...
lmao, yes.

*Wherever two or more futures traders are gathered, you are present.*
Translation: If you haven't closed out already then you're fucked since you can usually count on reality being the opposite of WSB advice. Remember though, you can always buy the dip.
Is this just fantasy?
Line go up and line go down.  You're welcome!
[deleted]
some people on twitter i follow have run polls and trump leads in all of them. 25,000+ votes
Gecko had most consistently accurate predictions.
Loan Amount Approved: $25,000.00Term: 60Interest Rate\*: 4.750%

Half to AMD and half to my 2nd favorite NET (earnings 5th Nov)

edit: Not long options, "safe" options strategies
Fuckkkkkk spy almost had me happy for a second 😭
sneak peak at tomorrow's open price 😉
Uhhh, did Spy just fucking figure out it was Monday 35 minutes after close?
> SpaceX ipo?

u lucky if Papa Musk allowed Starlink IPO. SpaceX is his baby. he will die before giving up 100% control
Lol wait for it to happen with ev and solar in a year
One more thing will happen tomorrow: I'll fuck your mom.. MILF MILF MILF MILF!!!
What’s the point of companies beating ER if they tank anyways???
S&P futures drive order flow for the entire market so yeah pretty much.
sausages!!! i want sausages!!!
Canopy up afterhours
Put on RTX and then go back to your job and buy a number one with a coke
Maybe I'll stay out like I should have today, or day trade vxx calls for election, no immediate ERs to play either
Amc flat to fuck calls. There goes my $60
You’re a retard
They don’t I fucked that up they expire on the 4th
[deleted]
Bought pypl weeklies minutes before close. 
Source: am retard

UPDATE: extremely retard
Yea but do you feel God in that Chili’s?
Glitch retard
yup
I will violently ass fuck someone with a chainsaw (consensually of course) if they say “uncertain times”
15 people at least injured in Vienna several shooters few people dead
SpaceX will never ipo
So why tf did it go down when it beat estimates fuck the stock market 😂
Let’s not forget NKLA pushed a truck down a hill and is up 2% today
That’ll teach you to sell before earnings next time
Shows for me too
[deleted]
I live trade on it all the time so not sure what you mean.
This is a glitch on rh spy right? Lol
#It's Raining Men!
[deleted]
HHAHAHA YESSSS I JUST SAW IT!!!
Why gains on oil??
[deleted]
Gotta go, unless he licks pb off his own dick
Don’t you?
How am gonna play shuffleboard in a virus incubator then? BS!
Where's that guy and his shrimp that made picks? Get him in here for tomorrow
tech is overrated, invest in sausages
your rant reminded me of kim jung il in team america after he trap-doored hans blix in the shark tank. "take that, hans brix u piece of shit!! how do u like that!!"
Up and right buddy
Shut up idiot
Market will drop again once everyone thinks we're back to normal
How do they expire tomorrow?
Are bulls really confident in their positions? Same question for bears? We have no clue what's gonna happen yet both sides celebrate its fucking crazy
So potential short squeeze?
Do you think everything's gonna jump up or just TSLA?
HOLY SHIT IS SPY A GLITCH?! my RH show -1.9% after hours!!
Edit: and now back to .1 thanks Robin Hood....
That, is a matter of opinion my man.
I have way otm CAR puts. It's been dropping like a rock and they haven't budged. Fuck.
Sadly no
He knew it wasn't going red he just wanted an excuse to give his dog a knobbie.  What a sick fuck. Get a boyfriend like your wife.
their
Holy spy my puts printin tm
I feel the same way, however we both know you'll be back.
Is this real life?
[deleted]
yall big boy plays, i ain't got the balls to play with margin, i just use cash to cover lol
That is the current stimmy date priced in. Why would trump sign shit if he loses
if pypl doesnt support price 99% of market does not tho
And all I did was went from losing money.. to losing even more money 🤑
makes a lot of sense right not to mention every tech stock beating ER is selling off hardcore looks super bullish
The fuck is going on in Vienna?

https://twitter.com/baruchb11/status/1323357248408702981?s=21
this is very good if tech goes back up, the rest of the market can rally hard with it instead of just tech dragging them along
man fuck this shit , when does SpaceX ipo? Need a new stronq meme stonk to save us
[deleted]
[deleted]
Woah people hold longer than a day? Some of us buy options that expire the same day.
Most contentious country-wide multiple choice looming, WH barricaded, national guard deployed across the country. EU going into lockdowns (do we need to say EU + Britain now?), shooting in Vienna, police action in Spain.

SPY - I'm gonna go up.

Does anyone think this is anything but a bounce from Friday?
Yea CHWY had lot of momentum taking it to 70 with telemedicine and sell off robbed it off that.
Losing money looks great on you
Just checked, it is 1 day behind.
You fucked up your own life. Fuck you and fuck your DD
not enough
779usd in olybet
[deleted]
Well shit
0% chance
Good luck
Literally everything turned from bearish to bullish within less than 24 hrs 

Indices, commodities, currencies, everything
I'm fucking dead. That was so unexpected and fits perfectly
to be fair, i thought the same thing about today. But it should be even more true for tomorrow
All of us are indeed!
Hol up, imma need to buy a dog first
Shoulda have bought butt coin instead
Oof
If you got the funds, just inverse an up or down day for like 10% 2 weeks out
##### It's gonna start raining men
Here's my wishlist for Wednesday morning:

\-AAPL @ $100

\-ROKU @ $180

\-DKNG @ $32

\-FSLY @ $60
How far out?
Earnings already came out. And it got shafted
Buy more
Nice trump/ pence profile picture, not!
Honestly I’m doing all right this year but my biggest blunders are March for the rip up and whatever this is
[deleted]
My girlfriend is a theater manager and i messaged her “well time to find a new job”
god i hope so
I’ll sell credit spreads on weeklies with 1% of portfolio tops if things seem overextended one way or another
Earnings out already dog

$PYPL | Paypal Q320 Earnings: 
Revenue: $5.46B (est: $5.42B)
Adj EPS: $1.07 (est $0.94)
Payment Volume: $246.69B
I guess my ICLN leaps will suffer... AGAIN lol
Man, if you don’t know: 1) the election outcome (both President and Senate); 2) the turmoil to get there (is there a concession or litigation); and 3) how bad will Covid be after Thanksgiving; then you don’t know what the market is going to do this month.
$AMC ‘s cash flow for the quarter was -$342.4M and available cash is $417.9M. Ouch.
They charge you 10% of the winnings and 5% of your whole account to remove money. So you YOLO and win like 1% waste of time IMO
New strategy instead of listening to all the advice of others and analysts saying ATVI is worth $100, bought puts today because the only reason it’s makes sense that it’s going down is because MMs are pulling out its 93% institutionaly owned. So if they pull out they have to now pay my ass 🌈🐻
Your Canadian worry about Justin trudgay than the US election
[removed]
-100%
You know that there are more than 1 million autists/retards on here, right? So some will say this, and others this. Just bc you've seen 20 comments saying bears r fuk and 20 other comments saying bulls r fuk doesn't fucking mean that those are the same people. But that would imply that you can count to 20, which would put you among the highest ranking IQ's on here.
I think we have surge of blind retail investors this year ... beat earnings sell off wtf
Who gives a shit? This fucking loser couldn't hold a candle to Abe Froman. Abe Froman has guys like him killed everyday.
Yah correct...I mean God damn, I wasn't talking about him losing the fucking house and kids and cars lol...
The things with PYPL you people dont understand is that its a profitable company... 

buy puts, 150 EOY
This was last week yo.

you are late mo fo.

this week make bets on the winner. XLE yolo here.
Day trading/options trading is very similar to roulette. 

The more you hedge, the lower your profit is.

The more you bet, the more your profit could be.  

If you put your whole stack on red (puts) or black (calls) you could lose everything. It doesn't matter if it has hit red 100 times in a row, that doesn't mean it will hit black. 

You can only hedge so far until your profit is nullified or negative so you have to take risks to play 

Even the best strategies can lose based on factors entirely out of your control.
It’s relatively flat today. Some minor ups and downs but I’d say it’s staying in place.
Use something that doesn’t use single use plastic pods. Sorry, not trying to set a rude tone, it’s just reeeeeaaalllyyyy bad for the environment

Positions: PBW long
This guy sucks
Don’t even understand what your saying or if you even understand what I’m saying or you even understand calls on Home Depot... do you even understand what understanding means
Im living rent-free in your mind, I see.

I dont even know who you are.
still doesn't support price
[deleted]
Has there historically been really high volatility on the market on Election Day? What do you think about VIX calls?
Shut the fuck up, we CAN all be the best at losing money...
It has gone up 120% in 6 months ffs
[deleted]
Damn good  thing I didn’t pick up PYPL yolos before close
[removed]
facts, i think it was massive growth in realestate stocks and oil and transportation and shit like that. it off set the downsies in tech
Yea longing it but gonna have tight stops. If they Break this Range we going to 10
u/theycallmeryan will do it for free
nah
But isn’t the date/time like a week in the past with a paper ToS account??
You're dumb as fuck
For the first time in history
Im big in ticker MJ
[deleted]
u/savethisvideo
I think PYPL goes green by morning or EOD tomorrow, they did this a couple of earnings ago and mooned the next day.
Shieeeet boys i forgot to sell my amazon call before close.  Wish me luck for tomorrow
Y'all really surprised by the script of bloated forward multiple -> moderate QoQ growth -> dump? Still?

Beating earnings isn't enough when absolutely crushing them is priced in
Bezos jerks off to photos of himself jerking off to photos of himself jerking of to photos of himself jerking himself
trevor milton has entered the chat
one moooooooooooooore thing
Thats a big if
This is like the 3rd time it’s happened to me, I’m such a dumbass dude
100% you just played with stonks
Awesome market, AMC miss expectation stock goes up, PYPL beats and goes down!!!!!!
I would say this has a 75% to be true. Orange man will not accept a defeat. He will cry fake news, fake polls, cheating with mail in ballots. Etc.
[deleted]
Wouldn’t that be something?
LEAP
It doesn’t matter who wins the election, lockdown or no lockdown, stimi deal or no stimi deal, TSLA will moon and go up at least another 69% by Jan 8th.

This is only my forecast based on fundamentals.
PayPal another victim of beating earnings
Wait wtf website is this. This is the easiest bet ever.
Iron COndors on SPy till a direction is certain. This flat shit between 320 - 340 is lame
I am disappointed in myself and my trading abilities
Y’all realize every stock that beats earnings just ranks right lol. And y’all still played PayPal and Solaredge.
[deleted]
Seriously all my homies hate paypal
A gay bull. What have we done? What monster have we created?
I demand he DOESNT do it and just gets banned for being open to molest his dog
Whats the Projected ROI?
Yeah, I banking on the momentum last month. Kinda ran out of steam. Not sure what my play is yet. Going to see what earnings holds first
#Cause tonight for the first time Just about half-past ten
4 more years of Covid?
I think you're good all the pumping today seemed fake as fuck.
Gotcha, what can you do, maybe he just feels comfort there.
WSB's new chicken vs egg: EVs pump because of TSLA; TSLA pumps because of other EVs.

Tesla was the obvious prime mover until about a month ago but now not so sure.
I wish, no, especially after these past few weeks, I don’t have that much. I am just very frugal and got in the habit of not spending money until my student loans were paid off, but then just kept that habit and put it all in the market/savings.
how did this shit market go up without the actual stonks going up. like wtf
I use my iron
$75 paycheck..... you need to yolo that shit on $WATERBILL
[deleted]
[removed]
Time to inverse yourself papa
Im going to get a little sailboat for me and little Remy. We'll be on it tomorrow night and if the world burns we will be okay and will start a new and better society.
probably will be the most peaceful election ever and people sing songs of unity while my puts expire worthless
Well AMC gong to the center of the earth 😂😂
PYPL down 4% on a solid beat and raise. Makes sense? Lol
Username checks out. 👍
I’ll get out tomorrow
I believe several states have decriminalizing MJ on the ballot. There’s a good chance some of, if not all, will pass and this is likely why those stocks are rising today.
cause most tech had crazy earnings and dumped?
i'm scare. i want my mama for tomorrow.
FWIW I'm all in on puts and ended the day -5%, feeling good from here.
tda
Bruh SEDG DROPPED like a motherfucker
yes I did it 300usd bet on trump winning
Thats a severe market crash
If it goes bankrupt you have to buy them for the strike and then the stock itself is worthless so that's money down the drain but technically the loss is limited to the strike price x100. A naked call, that one can go to infinite if the stock goes to infinity
Great isn't Great anymore. need to smash earnings.
RIP PayPal. Another one bites the dust.
Time slows down when you're hemorrhaging money
Nice. People will go to movie theatres in the middle of the pandemic. Solid DD!
[deleted]
someone tell me uvxy will reach 22 tomorrow plz
Not every pump is a short squeeze
Smooth brain play indeed.
[deleted]
market will be green tommorow and the day after for absolutely no reason
Is this for real?
Thanks for the info
did anyone expect otherwise? lol
Oof why so mean
It is beyond me why anyone thinks we have a green day tomorrow. Holding puts tightly
T\_T sameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Careful brother, IV is too damn high; and that crush will be real if it comes.
yup, 1 share comes with 2/9 of a warrant.  So 9 shares gets you 2 warrants.
Well 5000 strike will do that
Yes BossBabe.
Literally happened to everything last week
I’ve never seen a comment that resonates this much with me
[deleted]
I think puts before tech earnings is the way to go. Out of AAPL, MSFT, GOOGL, TWTR, AMZN, PYPL only GOOG was up, rest all drilled to the core.
Sell before tomorrow, you fool
Techpocalypse!!
**FINAL REMINDER CIVIL WAR BEGINS TOMORROW**

That being said have a nice afternoon!
So be it.
You play weeklys?
Cool. Just sexually losing money after hours
MJ!
Look, when you take a chip, just take one dip and END IT!
Lol I hate SPWR for that reason. And 2% in the world of JKS is like 0.1% in other stocks.
Hey man, if people out here talkin shit to me and then end up being wrong then i got every right to laugh in their face.
And then what happens when your shit falls way OTM
Pypl is just backing up to get a running start
Only boomers use EBay.  Puts
WSB still bearish (-17 for bearish vs bullish).

You know what that means tomorrow 👀👀
You can no longer sell them as soon as normal market hours ends on the day of expiration. If the option is in the money and you have the money to exercise then you can exercise the option. SPY options can be traded up to 15 mins after closing on the day of expiration unlike other options.
GayPal.
GRWG  
Grow Generation.

This is a ROCKET.  Get on for the RIDE, BUDDY!
!remind me 24 hours
Just a slow Monday, in Detroit. Yawn
If you made 30% on 0DTE 3x a week you'd make very much money
[removed]
Fucked regardless
wow i cant win. just cant win fuck paypal
How are you doi- oh ok no problem bro
[deleted]
oh earnings... i saw no news and was confused
Instead of taking it out on the vodka bottle
........
depends when u got covid, before march. yes
Oh!dear PYPL. Literally all stocks dump no matter the earnings
[deleted]
TD
Buy half a kilo. Sell 8 balls, and use the money to write covered calls on AAPL. Buy low, sell high. Stonks only go up.
Bears in here playing yesterday's recording on "why tomorrow is the end of the economy" while the cry in front a mirror applying mothers lipstick knowing its going to be a long night
Time to pay up!
Only thing that will crash post-elections is Vix
Tell us how you really feel
Puts did well today if you sold before the eod pump? More than one gay animal can win.
Don't forget, buy puts tomorrow. But it sure is a bummer you didn't buy them when you wrote this comment.
There was an unusual whale put on them. Thought about making a play because of it, but earnings plays are too risky
1 hour
Red futures!! Wow if dark money can’t even prop up this mud house then we’re in the shitter tomorrow.
kang market = play theta lol
I am pretty much counting on a Vix crash
siq bars bruv
Apple uses amd gpus
This is way too safe and gay
🤷‍♂️
Very doubtful
Damn some of you are petty as shit
I hope we get at least some signal by the close of market tomorrow. VXX Puts will be the obvious play. But I'm thinking Energy Leaps as well. So for Trump: XOM, XLE; for Biden: TAN, ICLN, QCLN.
Ban
I aint here to retire at 65
Should’ve fuckin known PayPal was gonna dump. This market is pissing me off mayne
You must be rich leaving that fun amount
Imagine how ripped we could be if we take out our rage on SPY’s movement at the gym
I have PYPL puts. Way OTM. Prob won’t make shit off them.
All you autists playing earnings this week deserve to lose your money.
Tbh, this is probably the best news for DKNG in a long time and probably why the stock didn't continue its journey to the center of the earth today.
[deleted]
It’s bear season
Dumbass PYPL
If they survive q1 and q2 2021 its a no Brainerd money maker
God youre a nerd
It will move big because all the short futures hedges being unwound
Actually retarded. Buy leaps on something else
Probbaly not enough
The last 2 quarters where this has happened. Also last week when tech took it sans lube
Don’t know when but CHWY will offer pet insurance. They talked about telemedicine last quarter and they recently announced it. Insurance isn’t a big leap for them. Thought I’ll throw this out there since I’ve keep following chewy for some reason.
Dec, $150 strike. I bought it only because of that Friday disaster. $190 does seem a bit tough, not till next year
who got cannabis calls ? $cgc FD
Buy the dip
It’s uh earth coring
I really don’t want my puts to print, because if they do it means America is fucked
This fucked me too weekly gains gone ...that fucking market watch article fucked everybody every company is hurt by covid 5 billion cost yearly is chump change for Amazon
[deleted]
Robinhood crash tomorrow 9:30 am
Very look at hertz
had a small win today as well from an option made Friday for a 67% return this morning

 https://imgur.com/M7eU8em
https://tos.mx/tosmx/item?id=EGsLqK6&&image just follow the trend
So many dumbfucks i get to say i told you so cuz we ended green today, but imma single out 3 special morons that i interacted with. Hey, u/cailebs u/solitaryegg u/anemographicserial hows your puts holding up, you fuckin retards, how you like that "short covering"? 🤣🤣🤣
Anybody who bitches about TA has a small dick and it's on their butt too...
I just realized stock market is only open for 6.5 hours. I always thought I was trading for 8 hours. Wtf magic is this?!?!
Paypal is drilling hard.
If it doesn’t start tanking by Wednesday all bears are dead
We knew this would happen 🤣
I saw another post that except two times, market has always closed green before the election.

The lowest Amazon will ever go will be until then.
Rioting and anarchy! Lmao! Own the libtards! 

Fucking cuck. Ban this fggt and keep the politics out of here.
Lol same here. Took a $700 loss instead of selling when I was up 100% 🤡
How retarded is it to buy LEAPS on AMC?
Calls on $HD, $LOW
Mark my words
ToS
MY faithful disciple, I am always near. Wherever there is sinful options with black magic darkness, I shall be there to shine the light.

The future is near and shall become.

I will return with my angels with the power to destroy all options sinners.

My brethren, be no more in sorrow for I am returning.

The Futures Church of Futures Brethren rises once again!
TSLA puts....
Same
Intel Xe
Sun is setting on the Sausage King's Empire. 

Vse privetstvuyut Cherkizovo!
Robinhood puts the broke in broker and the trader in retard, while I put the Dick in Richard
I bought a bunch of VXX puts today
Bulls and bears make money, pigs get slaughtered. Also gay bears get cock
Some had stock splits too lol
When to options actually expire?
Do you really think Trump wins or do you think he just refuses the results and it goes to the Supreme Court And people then riot ?
*PAYPAL 3Q NET REV. $5.46B, EST. $5.42B
*PAYPAL SEES FY ADJ EPS +27% TO +27%

PYPL now tanking 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Either way he set himself up to violate the rules. Bannnn
lol my square calls are getting fucked by the ricochet
MMNFF $2.35, no point selling now, least till Dec for loss harvesting
Sq is paying the price for his retard brother pypl
New level of degeneracy
You can always play weed stonks or one of the million gold and silver mining companies. In fact, I'm pretty sure 90% of the TSX is just penny stonk scam companies anyways. Lots of fun to be had.
Great earnings + raised guidance for PYPL. What am i missing?
The numbers looked better than expected. Not sure what they are not liking. No guidance?
Try it, it will still be down.
You should try a broker thats not Robinhood...
They have puts expiring Tuesday now?
You'd miss tendies by the time that happens, oh well.
Almost went in ok PAyPal before close. Dodged a bullet
I've seen ltt cover prototype canceled gpus by intel but I didn't know they are releasing cards
Me too dude. Me too
Thanks for not banning me, I really like WSB.
[deleted]
I bought two kitchen cabinet sets for my rentals with paypal credit. I have faith it will go green
Revenue miss
Which strike do you have? I’ve got a $190 strike and think I’m pretty fucked
"A man dies three deaths. The first is when the body ceases to function. The second is when the body is consigned to the grave. The third is that moment when your last FD expires worthless."
World be like:

-shutdown again coming to a home near you

-Everybody broke

-Bad election

-Big debt

Market be like:

-look at this bike that we taped an IPad to. It's revolutionary

-Fancy fake EV Vehicles nobody can afford(NKLA and GM)

-Brick and mortar store that sells the shit that's killing it back from the dead(GME)

 Only sensible thing the market has done is that Apple drop last week. No charger, 60hz 1080p screen in 2020? Yeah, OK.
I LOVE CHINA! I REALLY LIKE THEYRE CAPITALIST TWIST ON COMMUNISM. THEY GET TO REAP THE BENEFITS OF BOTH SYSTEMS!

*nervously grasping NIO Calls*
Sure do
[deleted]
Dude, you called this on the exact nose. How??
Teach me...
Just supplemented my WSJ sub with a NYT one. Calls on NYT (yes it’s a public company)
[deleted]
I don’t think this is how it’s gonna work out
Ah fuck. FSLR crushes earnings and SEDG fails
I'm sure bears and bulls will win in 15 minute shifts all week lol
So how long do we wait for the market to absorb election before going long? December?
420$ 1/15 calls 600x let’s fucking go
Yeah definitely a get in and get out scenario
Bigly
What brokers does everyone use to buy 0DTE?
Correct sorry
Probably would be, I’m Aerospace side tho
Thanks for that, I can't imagine that would be something that would be anywhere close to easy in terms of processing as a witness.
CALLS ON PLYWOOD, 2x4’s and nails for all Democrat cities! Lmao
Bro wtf

You walked away and set your sell limit at 4 bagger? The fuck lmao 

I set them shits at +30% if I have day job shit to do
Go back to school
Shit no! Samsung fridges are the ultimate gamble. Ultimate.
ah, gotcha.
PYPL stop you're killing my SQ calls
The
You don't think I know that 😭 I've wanted to puke ever since I did it. I would if I had any $$ left... I don't like selling for a loss so I'm taking it on the chin
Hey guys!! Paypal is throwing up blood! Is there a doctor in here???
Whoever wins, I’m still gonna never gonna recover financially from this.
what's the news it's bad
[removed]
Stocks go up only when they miss in these days
PYPL meet cliff.
for the potentially most exciting trading week in months i expect a very boring tuesday
hahhahahahha
you mean 11/4
Actually 33.33% bc a flat day is an option.
$75 pay check? Wtf did you quit the same day or what?
Don’t vote, America. 
Democracy is for homosexuals and nerds
lol, sorry brah, you lose again

message me tomorrow when you see the rally
probably, but now we buy
Hopefully just as a hedge for longer dated bull positions but something about your tone tells me this may not be the case.
[deleted]
It expires on a Friday, so wait until Friday of expiration to decide if you’re closing or rolling. I always set mine to close for .1 so if at anytime it moons, it just auto closes for me. That also keeps freeing up my buying power for me. Or close early if you hit 50% profit before expiration
Oh no, I love Vienna
[removed]
damn, vienna happening
What are you talking about. Q3 results posted to their website
Patience
Everyone is trying to sound like Fitzgerald when we really need more Hemingway
And they get free advertising - BULLISH
For that reason I feel like VIX calls can't go tits up but seems too obvious
Aww man. I just realized I gotta sell my big SQ call the day of earnings. I was planning to hold it long-term, but I'm not letting earnings rape my call
DGLY back on the menu?
They wont close stores, i was workin there through first corona cases and protests. Targets greedy
soo we're against prop 22 for the volatility??
>AMC Entertainment Hldgs Q3 Adj. EPS $(5.70) Misses $(4.95) Estimate, Sales $119.50M Miss $160.89M Estimate
[deleted]
Feel like having a finance job there would be interesting tho
[removed]
Do that tomorrow
Just like when robinhood crashed for everyone when it changed last time
I will keep buying puts until I’m satisfied idgaf; I will lose and lose and lose some more then one day hit a 100 bagger to break even. Then something will click and I’ll just buy calls. But I can’t yet it’s the fucking principal
dont care, paypal will still hit $200 next week
Lmao did PayPal beat earnings or something?
[removed]
sorry, it will not, what is your expiration?
Dude, go research what you're saying.
Pumps on a sweep. If Rs still have the senate there's nothing the Ds can do.  


We're already getting a stim. It's just if its 1.8 or 2+
Have 330 and 327 spy puts expiring tomorrow. Thinking I should have kicked them out further now.
not likely
If you pull out now, its prob going to be short term gains and you'd have to say goodbye to 30-40% of that.
Damn I just zoomed out on these weed stocks and wow some folks must have some heavy ass bags
Well, no need to apologize.  If you actually heard yhe guy hit the ground then i was going to suggest you talk to somebody about it. Cant imagine it would be a very pretty sight or sound....
I think it's a VAST amount of selling on TQQQ and buying on SQQQ.
👟
strange AMC hast released anything yet as their call is in 35 minutes.
Link? Haven’t seen anything about that.
My bad, I did not pay attention to that. 

Then maybe fear about Biden losing the election? Because Biden promotes green energy, and these stocks rise a lot in the past months.
Tomorrow’s Futures gonna be FIRE
BRO you just walked away from a homerun. Honestly just put in a limit to buy like 50 shares at 5.90. You might be able to pick them up in Early Market and hold them into a Biden America for some serious change.
At least you'll still have something with the refrigerator tablet. The Tesla calls are going to money heaven.
the
Oh yes. They report that all the attackers communication in turkish language. Not sure if that is true. Different media report right now that the hostages are helt in Hilton hotel. Very confusing right now. Not sure what is true actually. Have a lot of videos but police asked to not share as the action is still active. Let’s hope they get those people fast
Y’all remember align?
Imagine the short squeeze on that.
PayPal is pooping
Same I kinda expected to take a small hit today setting up for tomorrow but was up decently for a while with sqqq calls and upro puts carrying me.
Damn going to work makes me wanna kill myself, I need a new job. Puts on LMT
Uh yeh...if a stock goes bankrupt...u lose it all
I4 looks so sick inside
Shitty DD:

If Target stores gets looted, they close down locations and layoff workers. That means less overhead costs, so stock goes up. Very bullish.

TGT 160 EOW
Scared money don’t make money
bullish
Given that today was a recovery from Friday, but the real moment of potential uncertainty starts tomorrow night, tomorrow my goal is to mostly sit on my hands and exit any positions that make sense to take profits, but not panic into taking any bets off the table that still have time to work.  

Plenty of time for new trades to start Wednesday.
I will be messaging you in 21 days on [**2020-11-23 21:24:21 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-23%2021:24:21%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmo52o/the_time_for_hyln_is_now/gaxs7kt/?context=3)

[**3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjmo52o%2Fthe_time_for_hyln_is_now%2Fgaxs7kt%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-23%2021%3A24%3A21%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jmo52o)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
Buy it when it touches $20
Fuck why did I buy puts
I know I should’ve bro
That Phil Colin's song is good
Unless you sold put spreads 🖨️💰
Huge win on pypl that's gonna be really nice
In retrospect, that’s what it seems.
Wednesday- bloody red
Thursday - green
Friday - bloody red
Monday - green
Tuesday - ?? (Bloody red?)
When it’s green it’s only a slight spring and cushion to prepare for the red day where it drops a lot.
microsoft :(
Not unlimited loss potential!
What ever is left over from hookers and blow should be put on rh.
So PayPal... theta gang again.
I have calls and I'm fucked too.
Mango going parabolic on Twitter
One Green Day and all the bulls come out of the wood work
Circling back just to be a dick 😝
Stop using Keurigs
Most likely this will happen
PYPL is having a seizure, quick someone put ur peepee in it's mouth so it doesnt bite it's tongue
You must have not taking profits when you were green?
Both, in that order
Literally worst case scenario
HSY had a large run up 2019 from 110 to 160

I don't see anything keeping HSY from falling back down to 110
BMW i4? or the SUV? I am going to buy an i4M with my work tendies.
up a whopping 0.08
Thetagang will prevail
Good.
Nice to be wrong about something like that.
Numbers aren't great

>AMC Entertainment Hldgs Q3 Adj. EPS $(5.70) Misses $(4.95) Estimate, Sales $119.50M Miss $160.89M Estimate
[removed]
Who was the dumbass who bought calls on it today?  This guy.
their new graphic cards, but I don't remember any official release date for desktop consumer versions or prices or anything
So glad I played JCOM earnings
hyln to $14 end of month  remindme! in 3 weeks
voters are not always informed voters, just look at BREXIT
Up 2.33%, congrats on your 150 dollars
After a 300:1 split
You can either waste your money on Tesla calls or refrigerator tablets.
Sell all calls two terror attacks in Europe today more are probably coming plus election keep you puts bois
Pretty much the same fucking thing happened to me. Fuck your boss.
His son died in a motorcycle "accident"
PYPL is only up 120% since March
[deleted]
Spy 11/4 @ 325p

avg: 3.86 

AMA
Inversing
I just went back and read that thread and I can confirm that there's comments there
Paypal beat so naturally they should be down 10% tomorrow.
Probably will.
[deleted]
RIP..PYPL
I DRIVE A NIO EH
Did PayPal get leaked what’s good
Paypal?!?!?!? why is it dropping?
Still bagholding this & LORDSTOWN
Uncertainty of this election, must have you sweating

You must be long, on these stocks you are betting

Orange will be victorious, the soy boys will melt

I got the Biden lovers, un buckling my belt
I think it just did
r/antstreetbets
Ppl buying earnings FDs a day before a US election are crazy motherfuckers.
this is not a political statement, but market pumps on dem win.  did you forget about stimuluis?
> “I didn’t really care for any of this, my brothers. ‘And what will you do,’ I said, ‘with the big big big deng or money as you so highfaluting call it? Have you not every veshch you need? If you need an auto you pluck it from the trees. If you need pretty polly you take it. Yes? Why this sudden shilarny for being the big bloated capitalist?”

-- Anthony Burgess. “A Clockwork Orange (Restored Text).”
Barely any movement. EPS worse than estimated.
You did brotha, I would have followed but was too risk off to do any ER trades. Thanks for the tip.
ayeeee i perfectly timed that paypal exit for once i dont get fucked raw
Get a sense of humor party pooper
I had 10 spy 330 puts odte that I bought for .7 today. Saw market was tanking but got called into a meeting so I put  limit order at 3.  It literally went up to 2.95 and then bled the rest of the day. So instead of making 3k today I lost 500. Puts on my boss if he thinks I'm going to work hard this week after that
Pussy shares. Buy calls. Get rich. Fuck bitches.
BMW to release Tesla competitor soon.. too bad their stock blows
Look @ SEDG after-hours. Algos tanked after earnings report I think
lol, I bet you lose mot of the time
[deleted]
Will my rkt 19p print tomorrow probably not
Step-Paypal wut r u doin'?
They did with Hilary a few years ago too.
Y’all got me fucked up. Long clean energy and weed into the Biden victory
“ changing your sentiments back and forth 4 times in 24 hours” it’s called day trading retard
Right now I have Sol, Rkt, Slv and I just picked up some dgly right before close
If the market doesn’t move after the election, the IV crush will be insane and many of us will lose bigly
No risk guaranteed loss
Didn't realize PYPL earnings were today. That's 9 earnings in a row I got cucked on
Yessss pypl don't move for me baby. My strangles can only make so much
Touché
i sold you the calls. CHA FUCKING  CHINGGGG
I mean I really don’t want him to do this, so can we just ban him? THE DOG KNEW IT WOULDNT BE RED, HE DOESNT WANT THIS.
Ahh yes, isolating my worst play make the rest of them irrelevant. Got it. I wish I could make no bad plays.
The worst case is scenario is.... market is flat.
lol got outta my paypal shares whoooohhhhooooo, now lets watch it soar with out me!
[deleted]
Not if you were to measure uncertainty by using the VIX.  2017 was the least volatile year in decades.  Despite all our fond memories of market manipulating tweets, Trump has given us comatose levels of volatility.
La Perra Juan Carlos
Yes to one of your questions
guess you missed the episode where we found out the curve we're rounding was on a fucking nascar track
[deleted]
Rip
pump and dump game is worst than this sub
[deleted]
My account was behaving weirdly today. Seemed like everything was 15 minutes behind (I usually have real time). Hope the entire website doesn't break tomrorow like Robinhood if everyone starts trading.
you did right, it is wiser if you get calls
Just a quick stat, the market dumps on the election day and after election day if the dem wins. So all hopes are not lost on my SPY 325p.
GayGal HeyHal BayBail RayRail WayWhale JayJail
damn bruh fucking made me lose money PayPal is dead, SQ to follow
Wait, my comment got removed because I said F@GM@N? Damn, that's crazy
musta been a lot of fat boy millenials buying on nostalgia for their husky jeans.
Position?
Polling is leaning towards YES on 22 passing
[deleted]
rather buy amazon
Neither
When ur autism is only double digits lmao
PYPL please stop swinging so rapidly, pick a direction
Sympathy move
[removed]
Every ER beat is a sell-off these days.
Royal Caribbean cancels all cruises for the rest of the year
[deleted]
No, asshole. I already have a functioning sink.  
Stop saying "Let that sink in", sinks salesperson.
PYPL givin me whiplash damn
SPY closes at 330.20 tomorrow
Don't have balls to check. How are my 3000 AMC shares doing that I bought at close
Looks flat 😒
PayPal green now?
PAYPAL RIP
That’s how overvalued companies react after smashing earnings.
No there is no risk at all.  There is a huge sellers market to sell one cent options...no wait.
You can spot someone that is overleveraged when they post about a drill or a moon and you go check and the shit's moved .007% percent.
Just saw your post! Hello fellow big brain
Wait, maybe not RIP paypal

IDK
Yes
HULK
[deleted]
I'm in apha, I printed today
NIO calls 50 EOY.
Message me next time pls
yeah...tears of joy
ANET looks like the only one that beat bigly
SEDG down big AH
As states and eventually the fed legalize weed these companies will go insane.
Holy! All tax free. Nice!
[deleted]
Legendary!
It wont do anything to the market imo but thats some scary shit
Worst possible case is nuclear holocaust and the stock market ceases to exist
Average down
AMD stock buy of XLNX is a huge L. Apple moving to ARM is also a big L to them as more companies will switch from x86.
That's the move I'd make. This is going to be a huge IV crush I think.
Dum dum
Contested, Trump tries to move into the courts tmo
And so does AMC
I already have a sink fuck off sink salesperson
I’m thinking sell off for sure if we’re contested or even delayed tbh.
Most of the time they're sold in 5 cent increments, so you have to purchase at .05 anyway...which means that the second you purchase them for $0.05, when you look at your daily prof/loss, you'll show a .04 loss on each one.
[deleted]
!Retards, quick question - Tomorrow:

1) Circuit Breaker

2) Hulk Dildo
less uppies
So SPY 320p tomorrow is gonna print or am I a dummy?
Biden win. GOP wins senate. 

Which could mean no stimmy until 1/2021 at the earliest.
I guess the logic is that if SEDG missed, Enphase probably missed too.
SPY 11/4 @ 326p

avg: 4.94

Bought near the top. AMA
I’m so glad I can trade futures so that I can lose even more money during election night
i've got the under bigly
Its highly contested and you get to buy everything on sale 1wk to 1mo later.
Why is your screenshot blurry?
This is why I only play ITM leaps when buying options, OTM plays are for theta gang
SEDG is part of that ETF portfolio. Take a look at it.
Thanks for taking the time.
I been selling puts on F and GE for a couple months now. Also VALE and KMI
Last thing I heard was their C.E.O is expecting company to bankrupt. Any thing changed recently or bankruptcy is the new bull just like hertz?
tanks like a hot balloon

yes a hot balloon...nothing makes sense anymore
I don’t care all in TAN leaps at open
It seems you like to ride the roller coaster
Biden wins, Trump declares victory as well. In this case, everything U.S. related tanks - bonds, equities, the dollar, and protestors as the military runs them over
Everi deciding to jack me off after hours
Chaos and lawsuits.
Only reason why we didn't drop today tbh
yes!
Kanye also -> Gap $200
Algos will adjust on a daily basis. Its not always the same dealers buying selling. Usually they have other hedges so they don't have to buy/sell. IDK, honestly we'll see. Anything can happen.
I feel like I'm getting corona... I'm becoming part of the undead
What you mean
Did you say Nikola?
SEDG down 14 percent AH
Too many people are saying this...and for that reason im out....but i might buy a couple just in case
< 1% lol you troll
Bruh my relative dressed as an SS officer for Halloween and got mad at us for shaming him...wtf kind of world am I living in😂
Not sure if this could influence the market but there is a huge terror attack going on in Vienna right now. Several death and an active hostage situation right now
If you knew you would be in the white house
RIP PAYPAL
pypl what r u doing
[deleted]
[deleted]
the sun blew up
Yeah this subs sentiment on Friday after close was definitely predicting a bleeding red Monday
Stonks go up, tears go down.
i fcking hate webull on this delay shit quotes. instant lose money
Vegas has actual Money bets on Biden over trump
[deleted]
W
Zero chance people vote to get rid of Uber/lyft
TSM up but AMD still down. Fuck this game.
I hope your hedge is profitable, I'm also holding 330p but not as a hedge..
except Hertz still had a product
SEDG down 14% damn.
Did the same thing... lesson learned
Meant if you can afford Amazon stock/calls
Must send Remy (red) fillet mignon flavored dog bones so my poots will print.

Remy smarter than Redy.

Edit: My pumpkin futures didn't moon either :(
Said another way, buy Tesla calls.  Stonks up today.  Furget that other stuff.
[deleted]
He’s just been open about it. I try to reframe his thinking where I can, but it hasn’t been my main concern I guess
[deleted]
JC Penney outperformed Apple today. Let that sink in.
I unsubscribed from all of that crap. Feels great
why do you guys get leveraged etf if you don't know how its priced?
Rip
Lol what’s your problem? I’m up 70% on January CGC calls I bought on Friday
Calls on SQQQ 25 exp 11/20 and VIX 35 exp 11/18
Idk volume recovered well from start of day
captain america civil war
Biden wins —-> Nio $100 EOY

Trump wins -—> Nio $100 EOY

Kanye wins —-> Nio $1 EOY
They have good innovative products but don’t think they have capital to compete with the large players
What’s the worst possible case for the market based on the election?
I have a few put SPY 320/310 debit spreads expiring in December and then some $310 Puts 12/4. I picked up a couple call debit spreads, and vxx puts to hedge though
I mean, I'm not sure [which chart these bulls are looking at...](https://i.imgur.com/efn2iNs.png)
weed stocks are the shittiest fucking plays last earnings I had some calls and never again.  once is enough.
I was told that its becoz of Solaredge earnings dump.
So glad I got out of SEDG. My TAN and ICLN holdings will suffer though
Spwr down 2% ? Gasp! You must be new to this loveable schizo of a stock
im shorting the vix. yeah, so?
They do not sell for .01 but half the time they do go up a few cents but the other half you’ll never be able to sell/will expire worthless.
I just want to know - smooth or crunchy
The grounds crew / secret service probably can’t stand this guy ... “ we gotta put this shit up again ???”
Shhh don’t ask questions
$apha
[deleted]
you miss all the shots you don't take.
Puts on this guys conversions
stop being an idiot noob
[deleted]
Are you new here?
So glad this election almost over tired of sleepy Joe askin me for money three times a day
I am him, you fucking autist
It's cute that you think this is over on Wednesday.
Amz might go to $10. Lol
Whole world is watching
dam today was my worst trading day ever... see y’all tomorrow lmaooo
Almost like the original ones..... you know what nvm
its not trading to book value?
[deleted]
I was looking at options earlier and saw one was for $20 ($10 below current stock price)w a 19 strike or some shit but it was up 1,555 for the day. How that works? Is it volume? 

I have no current positions to post bc i cashed out this morning realizing i have more to learn before yoloing my savings like a straight bitch.
Chickened out of buying NIO $35 calls. I bet I’m gonna regret that decision 😔
I said SEDG puts were free money
If pypl moons I’m out the game
nope, it is the opposite, everyone is expecting a drop and got put

that is why MM will decide green tomorrow.

This is a business, MM is always looking for profit
WHAT HAPPENED TO SDGE
So will watching the elections tomorrow night.
The guy above you said:

>I'm a 🌈 little 🐻, downvotes make me horny 💦
Why is plug up ah again? I thought sedg earnings would have dragged it down.
5th amendment right is to stfu, so I'd say you had that pretty enforced.
imagine buying any LP when MSOs exist, baby brain moves
Crayon boys what kinda candle is that on a gap up day?
Stocks go up, stocks go down, sometimes stocks go round and round
Uh wut, it dropped 30 cents and is moving back up.

Not saying it means we're not bullish, but saying VXX is drilling is misleading
Nah trust me they're complete shit but I will say this... there's a couple pennies that have made me a fortune with options. Only go for pennies with a big catalyst or PDUFA coming then sell the hype. I did that with TRVN and some other stock, both made me a sweet safe 100%+ return. Overall they're shit though.
civil disobedience/unrest
Surprised no one's being talking about the UBER/LYFT short DD. Massive opportunity if Prop 22 is rejected; UBER and LYFT have a good chance of going bankrupt off of losing the California market alone.
IV is bigly spiked sir! Shoulda sold slightly ITM call credit spreads.

Trumps twitter has me thinking it's contested too...but Biden is crushing polls rn with TX as a tossup
Tears only go down.
Michael VIX did all he could today but the bulls defense was well prepared and keyed in perfectly to stop him from any big gains, in particular Blackrock was all over the field today, you saw Blackrock getting into the backfield, in pass coverage, just a phenomenal effort all around. After an up-and-down game, VIX will have to be ready for this quick turnaround coming into a crucial game tomorrow.
[removed]
SEDG beat, why the drop?
It’s like playing price is right high or low.
[deleted]
I was gonna go puts
Just did the math. If I had never found WSB and had just dumped all my money into some shit stock like Ford I’d be up about $10k today.
maybe Google will buy it or something
Aww you named your dog wifey? Cute
[deleted]
Market will end flat tomorrow, just like today. Sell offs already occurred and money isn’t going to come pouring back in until after election.
Probably a specialist doing some EOD clearing
AMC is the next HTZ!
Post-election republican senates are not known for doing that
been doing that for the last 2 weeks...the lows keep going lower, and even highs are lower

how much dip buying do you want us to do

My bank account isn't a US government stimulus fund
I didn't buy puts at close let's hope I didn't miss out on much
FSR  🚀 🚀 🚀
All shares. My only options are on NIO calls right now.
i bet paypal killed earnings and ends the earnings dump streak weve had
JC Penney outperformed the fuck out of Apple today. Let that sink in.
[deleted]
APHA where its at
every stock i touch goes the opposite direction. cgc bout to drill i’m sorry guys
11/6 SNAP 38.50 p 🌈🐻🥴
What’s mom’s boyfriend doing? Filming?
LOL I just cash advanced my PTO from this year so I could afford to buy the dip. Short ROPE
So a lot of republicans gamble lol
Pics or it didn’t happen
This afternoon 2pm pst
Yo. This is the type of thing that makes me super bullish on DKNG. Taking money from gamblers without the overhead of a casino.
If tomorrow both the candidates electoral colleges are neck to neck then people will go throat to throat in the streets until all the mail-in ballots are counted which may take until end of this week.
“I almost bought SEDG puts haha” - some dickhead tomorrow
SEDG drops $31 AH :(
JELQ
AMC is about to explode. Sorry put holders. I hope your anus is ready for what about to unfold
Bought SPY puts during the first dump, was up $300 now closed -$124 on em. Diamond handing this motherfucker, it’s already going down AH
Already priced in
Why did SEDG fall off of a cliff? The earnings smashed?
$330, my bad
SEDG off a cliff!!!
The OI is way higher on 11/04 strikes tho
Why is TAN shedding AH? Is 😴 Joe not winning?
people shot in vienna. corona going thru the roof. america electing a nut or a lame brain tomorrow. stonks only go up!
They should have used a mid level towel from target to help clean up once 🌈🐻gang gets done running though. All that tarp is going to do is make a mess.

Come on boys, circle around, you know the drill 

===✊==D↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️

                                 🐂🐂🐂🐂
5
wouldn't make sense in his example. if that's the case SQQQ would had been even more down. Time decay is not the factor here.
Sold my 300 11/18 SPY puts for the 1 day theta loss today (-10%).  Should've closed on Friday (+30%) at a couple of points in the day :(.

All in all, a WSB trade that only loses 10% is really a win.
Theta gang will win
Yes.
Why do I feel like I should have bought calls today 🧐🧐🧐🧐
idk someone smart enough to guess my password would probably invest it better than me
To add, we think it’s a poker table. Take our advice. All of the our advice.
Well you see, this means that a squiggly line colored in orange can confuse a man
Are we finally getting chargers ?
Its going to be 2T+ doesn't matter who wins
Are you still holding? I still have Spy puts expiring 11/4 and 11/6
Last Friday, I bought SPY 325p expiring today. Those expired worthless. Don’t do what I did and nuke your play money on expirations a couple days away
Lol fade everyone. You know the majority always loses on betting
Rip CRSR gang
F it, I’m in
Positions or ban. Fortune telling isn't allowed here.
You lost me at AMD call
Shares? Or options?
[removed]
Not sure what you’re on about, beating earnings is as good as taking a bullet to stock price this year
shoulda did calls on FUBO
Hope everyone loaded up on calls eod
Looked a little bloated
Holy shit why's it tanking so hard
Cannot wait for Wednesday morning so the bears can stop saying the election will be the catalyst for a market crash 😂
Oh shit
When are we rotating back into tech. Nobody here cares about energy.
Half my account in VXX calls and SPY puts, bring it on America.
samesies
big facts
I totally agree, but size matters.
You mean FUBO
VXX AH drilling
Me. I lost $2k the last 10 minutes of market open
I would just be okay if it was green and stayed green 

These green opens to just cliff diving are fucking lame
AAPL is a great stock. Buy it and you will never regret. It's the best stock ever. The greatest stock I have ever seen. Bigly.
they are actually a weed company
Depends
Well those SEDG 300c are dead......
Yes
Probably a dealer.
I made money today.
[removed]
Market wants blue so if someone were to be so retarded to buy based on DKNG (who’s user base is predominantly red) you should be buying puts
SPY
Sort of. In on SQ calls.
[deleted]
I'm pretty sure there is going to be a stimulus regardless if R or D win
Spanish girl just told me to tranki papi
😂
please vote and get this market back in order...this has been your friendly community alert
I feel like there is a high chance of Biden winning and trump denying which leads to civil unrest
Tomorrow is the day
Solaredge earnings dump..
Is PayPal reporting any time soon?
I have it now. no complaints
Will IV on SPY options go up tomorrow?
Buy the dip maggots buy the tip 🎶🎼🎶
I have a naked strangle on Russell futures I'm carrying through the election.
Ban
[deleted]
Me
I mean FSLR killed it

Earnings are wack
Once it’s up 20% and ready for another pullback is about when SLV gang will show up.
I'll buy anything from Amy Coney Barrett. /s
Correct me if I'm wrong though but ofcourse this is intended to prop up the market, but for talks sake there is another quite noticeable if not as drastic a drop as March would that not make things go tits up big time with the already inflated dollar?
its still below its 100day ma.. wouldnt go near it until its back above \~3300.
[deleted]
WEED is the only kush company worth a damn... they’re the Coca-Cola etc etc I worked for acb near Toronto, and it was poorly run trash. Don’t buy any other company besides canopy fr
Anybody else seeing weird blank comments like this? ^

Guess someone was shadowbanned.
LOOOL fuck me dude, damn y'all hate being responsible 😂
The results won’t be counted tomorrow. Some states have already said as much, including the swing state Michigan
Sold the calls I bought eod Friday this morning probably going to wait til Wednesday or Thursday to re enter. 

Amzn fucked me good.
I’m cackling lmao, this is a god-tier insult
How does that even happen?
I even had a call for AMC because its cheap af and I didnt expect it to go up.
who is playing PYPL earnings?
Man....why am i always late to the new thread!!
Jessy Christ that shit is bright.
So ghey
Yes
Ban me from life if tm results aren’t contested....well whenever we get them anyway. 45 himself plans on campaigning through nov. markets will not like uncertainty, nothing is priced in at this point
that at 50c?
They don't move.  They are terrible.  Buy a decent stock in the couple dollar range if anything.
leveraged ETF have time decay.. basically options in a sense
Well I predicted we'd hit 1 or 1.5% and then finish around half a percent up (last night).  Not bad honestly, had it pretty close.  No EOD sell off but other then that picked the direction pretty well.
Who cares about the product it's about the stock. Don't tell me you're gonna drive a nio lmao
[removed]
yup! go buy a couple!
Or how about you build a thesis for your retarded ass instead of chasing information on Reddit, fuckface!
What the fuck happen lol, did we buy puts on the sun or something.
To the couch and occasionally the refrigerator
😂 they havent liquidated me yet but im sweating everytime my excess liq is in the red
R wins -> no stimulus
D wins -> no tax cuts + mango sues
[deleted]
Say leap again and I'm buying a weekly OTM
Well my fellow bears and bulls, it’s been an honor shitposting and losing money with you. Tomorrow will be an interesting day to say the least
[deleted]
Yes, FANG and RTX. If Biden wins, people are going to panic sell government contractors (RTX) even though it is fantastic value currently. With Libya trying to pump the market full of oil, FANG moved up too much today. I believe it goes down end of week, but back up EOY.
Nobody liking my comments.  Is this thing on?  Hello?

Edit: ok, enough, it works!!
Ugh, is this what bears felt like every time they opened their RH account today?
fucking algheys.    eat an array of digital dicks. 

phamp to 330.6 but you couldn't get to 331.   I hope you get bit rot.
TSLA calls to obvious?
many people suddenly decided to buy at 3:59
So draftkings users aren't good at figuring out odds? No wonder they're raking in money.
[deleted]
[deleted]
right here feeling more like bag holder than bold but whatever
Shitty DD warning -

General contractors in my area (DC) are booked out for months.  Add in that every store and building in DC has their first floor boarded up because of incoming riots and fucking Home Depot is going to be making huge earnings this quarter.
I love DKNG SPYs
Retard checking in, sup.
On what tho
Calls puts nothing is working when you panic sell
Mondelez beats but stock doesn’t move just as I expected now to collect my $$ from covered call
[deleted]
Spy 320s here.
AMC!? Nani!!
AMD making all the right moves...they will be worth $200 one day. Dunno in time to save ur calls though. Bad timing.
Solaredge tanked on earnings.. so far seems JKS/SPWR are down 2% too
My friend bought aapl calls when it was like 125 back in August. I told him it was retarded but he did it anyway and is still holding them down 80%
White House is already installing a reinforced fence. If social unrest is bullish, buy calls. DoubleD link: https://www.cnn.com/2020/10/24/politics/election-day-preparations-law-enforcement/index.html
Lol SPY started and ended the day at like the same price. My tech calls did not.
[deleted]
I'm up today but idk why I'm so frustrated still. Wtf lol
Here *nervously raises hand*🤚
Congrats! Your CEO just made a bad comment about the CCP on a hot mic! Your company is now nationalized and delisted. Enjoy the karma on your loss porn post(it's all you have left).
civil war is priced in
Puts on Solar tmr??
Dealers bought to cover before they get margin called (sell short when people buy puts). They will dump it all tomorrow. Full disclosure, I am an idiot too.
Peep ACB's weekly candles.

Don't buy that fucking trash lmao
F
LMFAO YO THERE WAS SOMEONE ON HERE SHILLING SOLAR EDGE THIS WEEKEND
how the hell does that happen?
😂😂
[deleted]
Why would it?
Lol you’re asking us???
Apologies, heard the news of it, not the actual incident
Tomorrow will be flat as the earth
Someone lost a lot of tendies lol
Now you bitch ass bulls can quit your complaining “OMG my vagina hurts, how many red days is that?” “Omg another red day” pussy asses cost me 2k that last candle
neckbeard energy
gme plz jus squeeze one day and i swear i’ll never gamble again
That was very dumb!
[deleted]
🥭will declare both victory and rigged election tm

Itll prolly take at least a couple days for any major news outlet to call election, too many mail in/absentee to be counted
So my calls can still print?
bought one 11/6 309p - just in case, for shits 'n giggles etc.
Hallelujah!
It’s just a bull flag after a rise. What is ridiculous about it? Looks like the same pattern I always see after a rise like that
ER strikes again
[https://twitter.com/DraftKings/status/1323294561079304192](https://twitter.com/DraftKings/status/1323294561079304192)

DKNG twitter: a majority of people in every state besides Colorado predict that Trump will be the winner of tomorrow’s election. 

You know what's going to happen, boys. The only indicator that you need. SPY 360C DKNG 40C
Damn... I’m over here going why can’t I buy ETFs in my brokerage link?! We can only buy mutual funds...

This MF is buying freaking individual securities hahaha amazing
Shit is all solar gonna dump now?
I said it doesn’t preclude, meaning you can be a bull/bear and employ theta gang directional strategies.
I really wish I didn't drop my 4.5 11/6 calls this morning. I expected ACB to drop today after a strong start.
there's lots of new information coming out every minute, hour of the day and the stocks react to them, so there's no way to predict anything, but over the long term, i think TA always works.
we literally closed flat today, the remaining days are going to be some violent moves
42.50 Bob
Yeah it's not really my last 700 dollars to my name but it is he last of the "money that would be really nice to have"
PayPal’s gonna tank imo
Lmao so we closed exactly where we opened on SPY... if that isn’t an indecision candle, I don’t know what is
A better paying job.
Best answer
To who ever sold me the NIO leap calls. I pressed F for you and also thank you.
Remy called a green day. despite all the bearish sentiment here. Respect the pup
Just dumped all my savings into AMZN today, today was too good to pass up
where my NIO call holders at ?!
As you can see by my RKT and DKNG covered calls I play some theta gang as well. 

Theta on my PFE leap is -0.0045, NIO leap is -0.0236, CGC is -0.0135, WMT is -0.0214. 

Unless I'm misunderstanding theta decay, I don't think those are too bad. I'm certainly open to others opinions on whether I'm looking at that the right way.
[deleted]
[removed]
Thank you IBKR for fucking liquidating the short legs of my way OTM Iron Condor with a fucking market order and leave the long legs expire worthless. I very much appreciate it.
post your gainz
Shit is going to go bonkers if we have an extended contested election. I don't see how anyone is buying stocks right now
$52 by the end of the week.
Why is TAN shedding AH? Is 😴 Joe not winning?
Mango doing the same thing I do... repeatedly spam something on a social media platform for it to come true. Please tank CRM so I can buy in cheaper.
who of you bold folks held onto their puts besides me?


 is bold the right word?
Wow so my 10 cent yolo ACB calls went to like 3 cents last week and are back to break even. I've got like 1k total on it just for fun but I'll
hold through the election.
ah okay, that's fair enough, so we're big green.
because they haven't released yet
Started a position in spy 11.20 $325p. Got in at 3:59pm. Hoping for a gap down, if not I’ll double down tm
We don't care about your opinion. Give us a 5000+ word DD or a shitty meme without context. Both are equally valuable.
God I hope my rh stops bleeding for a day tomorrow
Amazon bears bout to get cucked
hmm a 300p 11/4 is like 36 cents.. are you sure you bought the right thing
This green day was predictable? Given the amount of reee coming from this sub, I doubt it
It's called cultivating mass.
[AMC $3.55 CONFIRMED. Get calls or miss your chance!](https://i.imgur.com/R4lvbg4.jpg)
This is a trap for bulls and bears. Theta gang wins like always.
First election? They'll trail in at night but easily won't be final for a few days.
Jesus is a 🐮 

Satan is a 🌈🐻 

You made a deal with the devil bro.
yea same for geometry. who the f believes in that shit?
Nice Gilfoyle.
They hit but doesn’t look like reaction so good
This is a high roller blackjack table, not the penny slots
good luck autist
[deleted]
Well done hahaha
Time to short /ES for the incoming nightly sell-off.
paypal call starts at 5, prolly gonna suck eccommerce dick and moon it tomorrow, so that yall can buy more puts and tank it intra day
gay.
They probably want Trump to win but a lot of them know their fans well enough not to be outwardly political or conservative. Obviously there are exceptions.
Putin Stickers
#####Are we getting an election night thread or ban?
Is it just me or are these Made Ya Look hats stupid
man BA is a real piece of shit
Imagine not closing your puts.
 QQQ ended +0.22%

TQQQ ended +0.03%; should be +0.66%

SQQQ ended -0.32%; should be -0.66%

Never before have I seen such an odd spread.
Haven't been on this sub for a few days since been busy with work but now we get "time off" to vote I mean trade tomorrow.
I bought more AXP and BUD.
&#x200B;

**Market poll for tomorrow**

WSB bearish so far.

[https://forms.gle/JJWxT4BQCBtK8Wj88](https://forms.gle/JJWxT4BQCBtK8Wj88)
Yes comrade
I know I support Biden but god damn has these whiny liberals made me want to vote for mango. I have some friends that support Mango but I don’t care. I don’t care we have differing opinions. Vote who ya want to vote for.
Top analysts PT are 3500-4100. My guess is 3500 by 12/18 but I wouldn't mind a gap up one bit.
Lol I bought tan. That’s going to hurt tmrw
I grabbed calls actually lol quick 3X play
2016, futures had the dow down 600 points by open I think.
QQQ ended +0.22%

TQQQ ended +0.03%; should be +0.66%

SQQQ ended -0.32%; should be -0.66%

&#x200B;

Never before have I seen such an odd spread.
Priced in.
Totally. Donnie is gonna crush it
[removed]
But no previous elections had such a tense environment. This election looks like people are ready for a civil war if they don’t get what they expected.
safe haven for the next 5 years
Same people manipulating everything else
SEDG ER if you didn't know, now ya goofed
A bottle of jack
IM LOADED ON FUCKING FUBO BUY NOW OR CRY LATER EITHER WAY YOU’RE *RETARDED*


position: 15c 11/20
MM's shaking puts out
gross. I'm doing hummas, bro
AMC AMC AMC AMC
\*slaps roof of options\*  


These bad boys can fit so much IV crush in them.
aint that the truth
All the WSB ghosts of September and October would like a word.
Because the market doesn’t give a shit about the average Joe.
good. Tim Apple likes it that way
People keep saying that, but I've seen their vague plans come to life in CA. And now Virginia has seen it too. There's a standard playbook they run through. 

On a national level they'll start small with the red flag laws and deeper background checks, and banning extra scary stuff that they think will stick. The only reason they might hold off going further is because the Supreme Court is conservative now, but I don't put all my faith in them to push back too much.

In a few more years, all the old guard of the party will retire and the radicals will try to take over if the country hasn't had an assfull of them by then. I don't think they're patient enough to play the long game and they might start to overreach too fast with everything. But we'll see what happens when we get there. 

It's all fun and games until people get burned by some dumb gun control law themselves or see their taxes take a sudden jump when they thought they were only going to go after rich people.
Ill never doubt gyna again, fuck bears and bulls, we going commie gang
NIO safe haven tmw?
TA is useless and anyone who believes in it also believes in gypsy crystal ball shit
wrong, stock up and down, tomorrow will be up,

Wednesday depends
I hope they surprise everyone with In N Out or some shit like that. Sure, not as cool as Stripe but pretty freaking hype.
[deleted]
Only one explanation, Issa trap
cannabis gonna fuck us all up or make us rich ? just to spite this sub they’ll tank tmrw
can you afford that
i hear ya. if i didn't have a kid i wouldn't have that shit in my house tempting me at every turn
[deleted]
ACB is a trash company
I've devoted my life to Jesus for letting SPY drop beneath 228 just long enough for me to get out of my credit spread.
Damn thats a bold prediction
Yo. What if the MMS were literally M&M’s and the red and green M&M’s determined the direction of the market. 

Fuck.  

And I’m not high.
My saying is money cannot buy happiness, but not having any can make you very unhappy.
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323371933094825989?s=20 

 \*Royal Caribbean Cancels Cruise Sailings for Rest of Year
Same goes for tomorrow
Wtf's a share?
Damn sounds like everyone is loaded up on calls after 1 green predictable day, almost like a trap maybe
apple raped me
YOU ARE FUK
Drunk. Elections aren't a mellow vibe

#####GET HARD MAN
We heard the same exact scenario on here just yesterday
[deleted]
I’m doing the same
BP broke out of a very solid 3 month downtrend line today. Pretty strong too..hmmm
That’s a new insult... and I like it
people are buying paypal rn, has the earnings call started?
This is it my last 700 just gonna put it into amazon tomorrow and hope for the best
I know majority of people on here are special but I feel like 90% is bearish and I feel the average Joe isn’t bullish on the election how tf we up 1% today?
Call of duty war zone + mobile
[deleted]
If people trade their money for shares of Aurora they deserve every bit of dilution that's coming.
Spy ends tomorrow at 324
I have managed to turn $36 turn in to $251 in a week.  I imagine by next week it will be $0.
Playing with fire, if people did. Cash in already
Yea and it’s just chillin
[removed]
You heard it? Or heard about it?
who is manipulating SNAP? this stock is the most ridiculous shit I've ever fucking seen in life.
Here come the salty bulls,gather round🌈🐻✊
When are election results and what time?
Can the Chinese mandate NIO buying please?
I bought 1 SPY $330p 11/4 at $5.00 as a hedge, hopefully we KangGang a little so I fuck theta on both ends.

Edit: $330, fucking iphone 7
hindsight is 2020
Yes
Bear?
“We deserve more elegant metaphors” what a wanna-sound-smart cunt
🚨IF YOU LOST A TON OF MONEY TODAY🚨

It is just money. You are crazy enough to be here, so you’re crazy enough to make it back. Worst case, there’s bankruptcy. Debt wiped clean. Hell, my daddio was getting discover card offers only a few months into his bankruptcy. There is always hope.

**Don’t make a permanent decision over a temporary situation.**

.-.-.-.-.

24/7 Crisis Hotline:
1-800-273-TALK (8255) (Veterans, press 1)

Crisis Text Line:
Text TALK to 741-741

Veterans Crisis Line:
Send a text to 838255

SAMHSA Treatment Referral Hotline (Substance Abuse)
1-800-662-HELP (4357)

The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700) 
         
The National Problem Gambling Text Helpline 800-522-4700
And it's fucking wild dude. There is 88 paper oz of gold for every physical oz and 178 paper oz of silver for every physical oz, and every time the physical price starts to climb to hard they add more paper shares to drive the price back down somewhat. It's like a hyper manipulated retarded version of fractional reserve lending, but it will bite them hard in the ass eventually if things get bad for prices to climb enough to cause a physical run (probably in the $40-50 range)... That's why I hold both. Paper silver makes money (for now) but physical is going to fucking print. I'm still super green on the stack I accumulated at the beginning of the year when spot price was just 16-18 an oz.
Ouch, I don’t have SEDG but my TAN leaps sure felt that
Can't win from the bench.
https://i.imgur.com/wUfULMM.jpg

Eating chips and guac while reading your comments.
i got cgc i wonder if i should’ve got acb
More MPLX leaps.

They did a HUGE buyback compared to the company size.. $1B buyback... and the company only has a $20B Market Cap.

Compared to all the ones mentioned in this article, none of them come close to 5% of Market Cap.

https://www.kiplinger.com/slideshow/investing/t052-s001-6-stocks-to-buy-for-their-massive-stock-buybacks/index.html
Neither. Enjoy your sober life.
Rules in life
1. Stonks ONLY go up. Note the word ONLY. No alternatives. Up and only up. 
2. Trust in rule #1 and never go the other way.
3. Buy the dip because #1
4. If you lost money betting against rule #1, you deserved it. 
5. If you follow these rules, your account can’t literally go tits up.
I'm pretty sure someone was saying to buy SEDG calls this morning, i hope he is alright.
If you're not smart enough to secure your account there's no way you'll secure tendies
Watch the news channels flip out when Trump wins every state
Ammo prices agree.
Yup
lots of people betting biden is the winner

inverse?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/chL41 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Alcohol will make u feel shitty the next day
Actually? I’ve got FANG LEAPS I bought months ago that aren’t doing so hot. Shouldn’t have listened to my boomer boss.

FANG puts for real?
Aye aye
Exactly. I think it'll run up, not expecting to be a millionaire but worst case each contract was only $50 lol.
Calls on this guys addictions
Smart move
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Apple is like the star quarterback on your high school football team, makes all the right passing plays, runs for a couple yards every game. All around great player. But what you don’t know is that when he misses that one pass that would have led to a touchdown, he later goes home and gets beat by his dad with a belt because he’s not the best of the best in his fathers eyes even though everyone else looks up to him.
I don’t support trump even. Both these candidates suck. But being surrounded by a bunch of super whiny liberals makes me want to vote for trump if that makes any sense.
when can paypal start mooning
We weren’t top on PRPL, fyi. People were posting about that from when it was $18.

Now you have me defending these retards.
Yeah you are right. We’re all gambling on this and anything is nothing short of confirmation bias. Trump is a real wild card and I think Dems will be as well. And then you have the far left and far right in the mix as well. Oh boy.
Tech earnings beat last week, and nothing printed.
ACB $5.5c when Biden looks like he is going to win will print
Por que no los dos?
Day high and night drunk.
getting vxx puts very soon
nothing rn
I believe that retail investors have accounted for about 20-25% of investment activity recently. That large percentage may be due to the fact that a lot of wealthy people have been sitting out in mostly cash for the past 3 months or investment houses have been quietly pile-driving money into China investments while our government leaders and mainstream media have been loudly warning the American public that Chinese stocks bad and dangerous. 

So retail investors have had an outsized influence in the US stock market in the last 3 months.
#🎶It's Raining Men
Oh no... why do you hate money?

Look, most of the people in this sub work in the restaurant industry and live at home.  Any money that they hadn’t lost before today is gone now as they spent all weekend screaming about how the market was going to crash today.  Now they will wait on their next stimulus check so they can do it all again, all the while contributing absolutely nothing to society.

Invest in college, not in retards.
No
SEDG. Ouch.
earnings
Yeah? How many bagholders were left from 3:40 on?
Oh, sorry. I must have confused you with  [**u/legiondoom**](https://www.reddit.com/user/legiondoom/). He was one of my favorite posters of all time, always trying to bring the light of futures to this dark world.
Aurora cannabis scam. Lmfao
Fuck, that was my worst trading day ever tbh. My new plan is to just sell weekly otm cc on nio, premiums are so good, ill sell my soul to xi if it makes me money
next Monday
go higher amc
True. I just got out of my cgc and mj calls at 300% it was a good day
that makes two of us
[deleted]
We don't lose anything I repeat we don't lose never
93% institutionaly owned if they aren’t selling who is
Amazon’s prediction of next quarter profit being affected by the cost of Covid and extra staff is the reason.


I believe it will pay off in spades going into Xmas and next quarter will be better than anyone anticipates.

Amazon has created a runway for near future that will be used atleast until the vaccine is there. They are well prepared and then some more.

There is no escaping some companies. Amazon is one of them. Every analyst estimate out there is 3500+ .

These prices will not be there for long and once gone, they will stay gone.
Do both homie.
This ^
What happened to SEDG shit
not as retarded as calling some shit in hindsight
Mods here work for jp Morgan and are in on the pm short scandal. That’s why they delete threads so we don’t buy any
Nice work today fellas! All around good job
sedg wtf
should have gone cash gang in Sept, then in early October. I deserve this.
AMD cause you either go to the moon with Su Bae or be pegged by her. Either way, you get to enjoy the ride.
Man idk fuck it lol its 4 to me im gonna go eat. Fucc positions lol
[deleted]
im ready tmr!
No, me europoor without being in EU, also i cant sell options because my broker is a euro bitch
Eventually, this will be correct.
So glad I dumped TAN leaps all in at open 😳😳😳😳
The Gynese prob gonna pump the shit out of NIO over night.
More like scared, this week is for some balls of steel WSB retards only.
LMAO. Bought calls with seconds before close.
TA will never be more useless than tonight.
Nice Samsung Note 20
Upvote if bullish

Downvote if you’re bearish
[removed]
Amazon needs to fucking gap up... like to $3500 or something idk
AMC is risin
[deleted]
It took many years to look like this... its a process
Wanna join my down line?
Look at the DD guys.  It's called polling.
Who got fucked over on their puts by the gap-up.?
Why is it in the 70s? What's their main product these days?
so, everyone keeps saying that election day is always green

is this like a 100% rock solid thing that will absolutely happen 100% of the time no matter what?

because if so, we bleed tomorrow.
Honestly at this rate, it would not surprise me.
Should I get drunk or get high during election coverage? Puts on my addictions
the civil war went on for 8 years. we do not want war
There may be major volatility in the next month. Sometimes the best move it to watch and wait. Good luck to everyone!
Buy puts on RTX and FANG.
It was Halloween man, don't judge me.
Lol. Amc bout to nut
algheys lookin more like al bundy AH.    331... daddy needs to break even from the pounding my puts took over night.
Futures green
Looking good Billy Ray!
You’ll find out in a few hours
Sorry I not a boomer pussy like you
The sun is too hot imo
I don't know how he thinks that testing for more positive cases makes it look better for him.
Friday was the bottom
kissing ass is the key to success, unfortunately
good luck
naw flat until we have a declared winner
There’s a giant bear flag on the 4 Hour chart for SPY... I’m bullish for tomorrow on a bounce but it’s not looking good long term.
SEDG just got its period
According to ToS and active trader it is not ah order flow yet
Inverse WSB, they say.

WSB almost always buys at the top. Top on Purple, Silver, Tesla Battery day, SPY 360, and even GME at $15 etc.
More importantly, I think J Powell will be. 

But to answer your question, I think it depends on if Republicans can still maintain enough seats to filibuster a tax hike. So if they can keep 46 senate seats then yeah, best case scenario honestly.
Yeah, i don't think so. But we will see. I'm just happy to get any profit from this garbage company.
DCA
Inverse WSB, they say.

WSB almost always buys at the top. Top on Purple, Silver, Tesla Battery day, SPY 360, and even GME at $15 etc.
If you're looking at SPY it trades until 4:15
That comment makes you sound 100% American. -American
Facts
u fat fucks have done a lot of snacking. cut it out
No shit Sherlock.
[deleted]
i will give you 20 dollars if i can eat your ass
Solaredge, im rich
What’s PayPal doing
Yes
Yoked to the tits on 330p. 11/6.  May fate be with me.
Always inverse WSB. Everyone on Friday and weekend threads was screaming CIRCUIT BREAKER SPY 315 MONDAY and look at those retards bagholding 11/4 SPY puts that are -50% in value.
You dmub normie? You dumb retard you can't even use a mirror correctly.
Solaredge has to be a buy at this price right?
I’ll admit I was wrong, I did not expect SPY to not only reach $332 but also end above $330. The amount of credit I got for a $315-$345 iron condor is insane. 44 IC deep. Good luck everyone
My 15% gain would like a word sir
I’m holding almost 70 contracts of DKNG.  Down Bigly.  All technical indicators point to this selloff being done with any day now.  Pray for mojo.
[deleted]
Same
Has earnings been released yet for paypal`?
As theta gang, I approve of this post.
[removed]
Probably unfortunately. 

REMEMBER ALL A PERMANENT CHOICE IS NOT WARRANTED BY A TEMPORARY SITUATION!!!

1-800-273-8255
Correct but the industry will pull it up just enough to make a quick buck I'd imagine, this tends to occur with many industries. Not a long term play.
Don’t spend all your gainz on pizza man
I was good af in airsoft fyi
Then please by all means, explain your theory

Unless you think the clean energy and weed rallies are totally divorced from the current situation
Obviously. But its still trading regular hours. Im literally watching non ah order flow
Pretty sure this is an AH fake out. Futures I bet will stay green but we go red tomorrow, probably by 10-11am. No way anything is priced in right now, way too much uncertainty.
45 EOY but it will hit 50 on the way there
A little worried for my PLUG shares since I sold $16.50 puts
SQM calls
If everybody is bearish I’m buying calls. Didn’t want to, but now I feel like I have to.
SQ, your AH is making me blush
HOLY SHIT SOLAREDGE JUST NUKED
[deleted]
Can we just have election tonight I’m tired of waiting
Anyone else feel like they were born for civil war? 

&#x200B;

folks in the guard I appreciate ya, but man, fighting in my neighborhood just seems so scrappy & fitting
Always inverse WSB. Everyone on Friday and weekend threads was screaming CIRCUIT BREAKER SPY 315 MONDAY and look at those retards bagholding 11/4 SPY puts that are -50% in value.
SEDG. Ouch.
Priced In!

Priced In!
Why Nasdaq is -.05% ?
SEDG let's go!!!!! I have the 300c

Edit: woof
[deleted]
In his Ferrari????
Yup yup
Naturally lol
Good chance to get in after the election is settled to ride back up
Pep
[deleted]
[deleted]
In the money spreads feel like easy mode in this market
Mango with the 1pm pump


https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1323332899471413248?s=21
How can people who believe that obvious garbage function in society
Long call for Jan here. I'll pat your head for luck.
WOOO that was a fun one, nice 0.5 sigma separation between /ES and /NQ for the day.  🦄 & 🌈
Hilarious.
Yep, me too. I don't have sq sitting on my jugular but I have other pointsettias.
Watch this print.
[deleted]
I just don’t get it
Gay sex
I got some bad news for you on your hopes.
**WHO'S READY TO KICK THE TIRES AND LIGHT THE FIRES BABY. FULL AFTERBURNER ROCKETS READY TO ROCK AND ROLL FOR MOTHER FUCKING DEMOCRACY. WE MOONING TONIGHT**
Usually I cheer on meme stocks and their retard strength, but SNAP just makes me so angry for whatever reason, I haven't even tried to short it
hedge funds are a lot less clever than people give credit for. Their thinking literally will be:

other chip maker = sell
NIO $37 at open.
It’s incredibly peaceful, we’re 1 day away from Tuesday event

It’s always Calm before the storm
SEDG rip.
Up vote for Green Day tomorrow
Down vote for red

Edit: positions spy put 11/04 10x 322
After hours trading is a thing.
If you held puts through Friday close you might be retarded
Playing SQ bear call spread at 185/195. Strangest thing happening with the 185 coming back from the grave after being down 40%...much to my dismay
Yup. Super healthy. Neighborhood I’m in is liberal central and pretty sure putting anything Trump related out would get my house/car fucked up. Funny thing is is that this type of toxic behavior just makes anyone with a differing opinion more confident that they’re right and the others are insane.
How’d you find out
Bannnn
ah
if u not in portland or seattle then u good
$1, Bob
Got 3500 in 2dte 325 puts so probably just watch money disappear all day
They were too hyped and their events came with nothing new except the iPhone which everyone knew about. I'm bearish af on AAPL rn
down 9k bitch
Are we going to have a presidential election party here tomorrow night on this sub?

I’ll bring Little Caesars
$400 spy calls for Friday
I hope PYPL does super well. It might give SQ an early pre-earnings boost. I own lots of SQ from Friday...
My shares would like to know too. But I'm in for a long term. Not doing any options shit except selling the fuck out of covered calls.
shieet, NBD I gag on cocks all day behind the wendy's to fund my trading account.
Do you think that Biden will be good for all of the republican money in the markets?
Everyone thinks ATVI is going up but MMs haven’t been buying that shit for months going to buy puts on that bitch all the way down and finally make them pay me
[deleted]
Dear diary,

Today I heard that humans are trading "digital silver".

Now I have diarrhea.
Thank you for your service
Well it seems that’s that, haven’t we?
always been if you just ignore the gay bears
I got assigned on selling 2 $30C contracts last Friday, and now I miss this runup. Sad times...
Feeling good Louis!
Half the plastic is torn off, fridge looks filthy, this not how you take care of something.

Asian mom logic seems to not have discovered cleaning and maintenance.

Peel that shit off and clean it with a good stainless steel cleaner.  After that all you need is a microfiber cloth to remove finger prints every so often.  It’s not hard.
[deleted]
The person that overseas all digital marketing in my business, one of the hardest working people I’ve met, and who has contributed the most in making me what some would call wealthy, is a deep Qannon conspirator. Thought that was interesting
CRUS and SWKS killing AH. We pumping tomorrow boys.
Anyone one else have good intentions of sitting this week out and then buying just as much or more than usual? Guilty
NIO call holders can we all hold hands considering we might lose everything tomorrow?
Would straddle TWTR if I had any money rn. Idk if its gonna go up or keep going down but its not going sideways
You have GOT to be kidding me 🤦‍♂️ who's dick do I have to suck to get some real upward movement in the QQQ. For fuck's sake.
I achieved absolutely nothing today. Can’t focus
Why wouldn't that have dumped already?
Why not? Sell short dated far otm call/put
Nah
700% on weed FDs. Why didn't I buy more 😭
alright thank you buddy
Doggy with your dad, missionairy with your mom
$45
Bears mad.
Honestly 5 on Cron isn’t bad regardless.  Might have to bad hold a few weeks but can get out.  It’s how I look at Apha under 4
You're way too polite for this place
The savings strategy is to only spend money on things you need. 

Needs are things like a giant tablet on a refrigerator door that will be obsolete and outdated soon.
thread opened a hour early because of automod daylight savings time fiasco
🌈🐻 going to have to wear Depends their assholes are so loose now, long KMB
11/4 puts ,  need 1 down day please
[deleted]
Is wsbgod still trading?
You must be 12. Post-9/11 was worse. The '60s was one of the volatile times in history. In the 1860s we fought a fucking Civil War with more than half a million casualties. Get fucking real kiddo
[https://forms.gle/JJWxT4BQCBtK8Wj88](https://forms.gle/JJWxT4BQCBtK8Wj88)

**Market poll for tomorrow**
F
r/options is that way 👉🏾
I hope no one bought calls today.

Just F'ing wait to see how the week plays out. This week has at least one big red day in it either Tomorrow or Wednesday (if the election is being contested by then)
Leaps bro leaps always do leaps



...leaps
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/mammothman64 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My actual investments are in TD, but left $25k in rh for daytrading/options
CMON PAYPAL DO THE THING
holy fuck so it's just gonna keep pumping? what in the fuck happened at 3:35 last friday?!
[deleted]
Puts?
Posting for posterity

#History will be made ^(or lost) tomorrow
I’ve been cash for the past week and am not touching any positions until after tomorrow
[deleted]
Im confused whys the market still going? Is it not 4 rn?
Shut up nerd, back to the basement with you
Ban
Morning drop,  mid day bump , with a little straddle , then power hour. Pretty much
Jacked to the tits on 329/328 debit spreads for SPY 11/4

Also some vxx calls hoping we see an epic short squeeze
I don't understand, did Apple kill someone? Why are they still dropping? They're probably one of 5 companies that actually make sense to be overvalued. I'm not holding anything for them but it just annoys me
The list goes on and on and on
You know we are retards, what did you expect?
Today didn't go ANYTHING like people over the weekend thought it would... Once again, following WSB has fucked me in the a$$
cant wait to wake up to nio gapping up tomorrow
The type of people who visit Texas Roadhouse is almost a complete circle vinn diagram with those that don’t wear masks.
???? How about the election?
Right? Like they're all going to suddenly agree the day before the election.
Weak dick syndrome
Or, you know, since I think they'll get bought, but I can't pinpoint a price, maybe I should just sit on the shares.

And the options premiums aren't very high.
Based on every other tech earnings, I have zero reason to believe Paypal will react positively to earnings. BUT I still believe!
lol, I guaranteed you we are up tomorrow.
I know 🤣🤣 I have a Charles Schwab but was to lazy to use it
Market may be volatile but mods are always gay
You're cute.
So is WSB back to being bullish?
Jesus fuck snap
These tech stonks are over sold and will not drop anymore. Just sayin
$50
YSK 10yrs warranty is only for fridge not for the trades that take place on it
I’m raising my price target on SPY from 300 to 420.

Every news is bullish. Civil war? bullish
I dont see Zillow nor FNKO on this they’re both abt to blow out earnings
ANET 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
ES_F 3270 held and we had a healthy bounce up. 3380 is up next and I fully expect the pajama traders to go poke around in that area this evening.
Yea go buy some F and GE you damn dirty hippie
Turned bearish at the last minute

GUH
Everyone rushing back in for cheap stock.
PYPL going to print bois?
Can’t go tits up if it’s already tits up
Lol at every one saying it was flat. If you all saw that today's implied move was 10% less than Friday and 15% less than tomorrow.

My short strangles minted today from that vol collapse
they are going to eat our kids and grill our dogs
[deleted]
put spreads don't really take advantage of high IV the way CSPs do. they are more directional plays unless your strikes are quite wide
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't have a dog in this fight (not American and don't vote even where I am from) but I find US elections kind of fascinating. I will be staying up until morning most likely to see how US election ends up, and probably end up getting absolutely drunk while watching the coverage. I think both Biden or Trump winning can happen so it should be fun watching the live coverage.
Getting out of spy puts cuz this week is gonna be green af
Bruh the market does the opposite of what everyone thinks it will do. I too fall into this trap every fucking time
Same, made $181. We must have the same portfolio.
Markets don't know election outcome either. They are just as autistic as WSB 🤡🤡
Where is the mm pulling out?
Can we cancel the political commentary rule for the next day? To be completely honest, it’s a ridiculous rule on Election Day.
MMs don’t realize that we retards are ride or die
You’re right. Best not wake em. 😔
[deleted]
Buddha Palms: The Art of Living Cashless
I can categorically guarantee you have no idea what youre talking about sir
let’s fuckin get it tomorrow bulls
[deleted]
415 according to earnings whisper
SNAP’s current value just depicts how retarded this market is
Oh the children’s platform.. then you fucked..
50/50
Nice
I paid $500 in theta for the privilege of learning that...
Earnings mattered for $SNAP...
NIO held pretty good today. I’m smelling another 10% day tomorrow when some retard analyst upgrade it again
[deleted]
Defund antifa!
so... calls?
Me figuring out what to buy: 🤔

Me opening Robinhood the next day: 😐
The rush of waiting for a company to release earnings after hours is unparalleled
Of course they had to CLOSE AT 330 SPY
Any catalysts tomo?
Hey guys! New options trader here. I was wondering if some of you more experienced heads could give your honest opinions on my proposed first options trade, and whether you think it’s a solid play or not.

I am thinking about buying a couple PUTS (Ask:$5.30/70 strike/ Exp: Dec 18) on [TXRH] more commonly known as “Texas Roadhouse”. I’m not sure if we’ll revisit the lows of March in the coming months but imo, I feel that the market is due to pull back significantly and I think rising case numbers coupled with potentially mass civil unrest (regardless of who takes the election) along with fading stimulus hopes, could be the catalyst. Even if restaurants manage to stay open as things get worse, it wouldn’t take a total shut down of this company for the price of the stock to plummet am I correct? As things get worst with flu season, investor sentiment alone could tank the stock and the odds of that being the case are more probable than not yes? 

I’m always looking to learn from experienced investors so thanks for taking the time to give your input.
Its priced in.
Look up MOC orders
Rigged market 2: electric boogaloo
dont worry paper hands will be selling tmrw
#Post Your Nio EOY Price Targets

#Go...
Fucking flat
Which mod is that?
Bought spy calls for end of this month.. smooth election tomorrow. Everybody breathes a sigh of relief and buys stocks for the rest of the year... Cha ching
Downs down
Cool my puts are fucked you've got to be kidding
[removed]
Damn im sorry. Looking forward to getting erect though
eat a dick bitch, not everyone is american
Not on RH
Tendie analysis
risk management on point
Bears are hibernating now. shhh.
Forget kangaroo market this is an EKG market
If my grandad saw my portfolio of weed and solar he’d kick my ass for being a dirty hippie
DKNG options are dogshit rn due to IV

shares looking nice tho. This is pre NFL levels
Remind me 24 hours
This is it bois!!!!!! I’m not sleeping tonight
oh look at that. CNBC talkikng about "stimulus hopes". Sick of hearing it.
Well.... that was dull end...
Thank you retard, very cool
Was able to roll 65 Nov Straddle in PINS to 60P-65C Dec strangle for 0.005 credit (after commission).

Feels like a win
I heard Costco had to change their return policy because people were returning mattresses and computers 5 years after they bought them.

The article says people were returning Christmas trees in January... that is pretty creative.

https://www.thekitchn.com/costco-memership-return-policy-abuse-cancellation-262240
Man I got destroyed trying to short snap a few times. I’m done with SNAP. That’s some bullshit
They close at 4:15, no?
College is the key to success
Theta gang strikes again.
Acb is trash. Poorly managed
Clear eyes, full heart, can’t lose
You can still trade qqq options til 415
This isn't r/politics
Same. Please hold me
Wouldn’t be surprised at all.
Can you fathom the gap up we’re going to have when all the short S&P future hedges are unwound after the election. JACKED TO THE TITS! 🍆💦
I’m in on calls and I went red for like 10 minutes, idk why I kept readin bulls are fucked.
Plutonium hands. Vaporized by radioactive decay
thank you for making me feel less retarded
Buy NIO calls if you don’t hate tendies
Antifa better not burn my house down like these new trump ads sayin they will.
Thanks lol. Not a massive gain day but was between cash gang and just going for it on shares Friday.

Got out of most of my options plays last week. Still have Raytheon and rocket calls but that’s it now.
Puts were the wrong move
o
You are dumb if you think that's what happened.
Grumpy McGrumpface, weighin' in.
calls on everything American bitches
Will do 🙏
Short volatility. Crush is going to be a fucking bitch.
[removed]
Wow im broke
Hilarious how we closed right where we opened huh
50% but I aint sellin fuck MMs
Thursday but you can vote early tomorrowv
I'm proud of u guys, u did great today. ALL the NIO holders we don't stop until we smoking a fat cigar on wide ass yacht in Monaco. See ya all retards there.
DONT SHOUT
LOL
Never been happier to be 100% cash EOD
Anybody who isn’t subject to PDT shouldn’t be using Robinhood
I'm down 13k
In all fairness, still a HUGE buyback for a company with a $20B Market Cap.  Even compared to the ones in the article.
tomorrow you soft headed infant.
Godspeed retard
ban
Fuck I meant to close my QQQ puts and close and didn't....might lose all my gains today
PLUG
lol VXX doing absolutely nothing going into the close
[deleted]
lol spy opens @ 325
Papa Elon please deliver tendies <3
End times
That took some serious fucking effort to get to close at 330
Now that everyone bought calls it’ll probably move in the other direction to equally fuk everyone including theta
Most Americans aren't in the market either
AMC chart looks like Mt. Everest
We’re at Callhalla’s doorstep. After 3am Wed the tendie floodgates open
Spy calls
what are you holding?
last
Everyone hold spy puts over the weekend. How down are you retards?
BITCH$$$
[deleted]
[removed]
tomorrow
I am in shambles
Whatever amount is needed... the PPT never runs out of ink.
We in the endgame now boys
Wow a Green Day for DKNG!
You mean how many shorts closed their positions to avoid getting smoked by a relief rally due to an increasingly likely Biden sweep, right? 

Because that is a non retarded take, unlike yours
I mean I have no choice but to hold my Puts this shit is retarded
Anyone else hold $330p to 0 today or what
M A G A P U M P
congrats
Volatility makes money my homeboy
I am balls deep in TECH calls. Can't go tits up. ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ
[removed]
F
I rolled my covered November 6 $35 Nio calls to the $38 strike...
Rigged computers calling all the shots
Bought SPY puts right before that EOD pump. Wish me luck fellow retards
Probably the best odds in the history of WSB.
69.069 IV, nice
Long Volatility
Selling everything. Buying TDOC, ONEM, ITCI. Checking back in 2025.
Do you think they are going to hold us stocks over the next day or two?
Beers fuk 😂
Msft bottom 200 , calls easy money
Too bad my other tan call didn’t fill, maybe blessing in disguise
Buying puts on ATVI tomorrow. Feels like everyone is saying it’s going up yet the MMs are pulling out so fuck them if they do they’ll have to pay me
Aww fuck i didnt notice the time i didnt want to hold
I had a bad day you guys.
Ruger
Wait, is the election tomorrow or on thursday?
Amazon below 3k such a bargain
It’s crazy to think that you guys have me double guessing my self for buying puts before Election Day. BLOOD RED TOMORROW
Honestly not that bad of a day for my bearish portfolio.

IV kept premiums high, and I scalped some puts intraday to break even.

Still sucked tho.
Being theta gang doesn’t preclude bullish/bearish positions
Smuckers
Fuck you retardo
Scared money don’t make money
You were off by 2 cents, but well done.
Old people are our 2 choices. Good choice America!
I made $92 today and u know what I’m actually pretty fucking proud of it (my first Green Day in weeks)
TSLA 420 at open
Shocked that I barely avoided the temptation to buy SPY puts right before close. I had my finger on the trigger and walked away. Since I didn’t do it we’ll probably crash tomorrow.
Where da bears at from Friday night?
Was down 2k+ at the lowest, ended up +80 lol I'll take it
Acb 4.20 tomorrow
Pencils down
Bought some at 2960. 😛
Lil PP
[deleted]
Pencils down scam-troms face down
Virus,protest,recession not important factors
I wish I was only down $4k
Exactly
Got into ACB. Watch weed not pass now fml
The pod race starts tomorrow, have fun everyone
That was me... Ill post loss porn once I get over how much I fucked it up
[deleted]
Made $4200 today after losing $43000 since sept 2nd 

Feels good I guess...
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-04 21:00:22 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-04%2021:00:22%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmv1ax/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_03_2020/gaxp962/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjmv1ax%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_03_2020%2Fgaxp962%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-04%2021%3A00%3A22%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jmv1ax)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
AND THE PASS IS BROKEN UP BY JEROME POWELL! Powell got in there and knocked it to the turf and it's all over for the bears today!
Smart.
What's a good stock for civil war? Campbell's soup?
Algos caught slippin in the final minute there... almost let that dip go unbought
Jpow will pump the shit out of the market tomorrow.
there we go.. get that AH  shit to 331 for my calls.
👍🏿
My SLV calls better fucking print
Fucking crushed it today boys!!!
##Top trending tickers, sentiments, and options on /r/wallstreetbets for the day of November 02, 2020.

────────────────

###Trending Tickers:

**Ticker**|**Company**|**Mentions**|**Bulls / Bears**|**Price**|**Change**|**P/E**
:-:|:--|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
SPY|Exchange Traded Fund|440|38.12% / 61.88%|$330.12|1.10%|-
NIO|NIO Limited|435|81.40% / 18.60%|$33.02|7.99%|-
AMZN|Amazon.com, Inc.|132|72.73% / 27.27%|$2983.12|-1.75%|116.70
AAPL|Apple Inc.|90|71.74% / 28.26%|$107.85|-0.93%|33.10
VXX|Exchange Traded Fund|82|85.11% / 14.89%|$26.02|-1.92%|-
TSLA|Tesla, Inc.|71|86.49% / 13.51%|$397.63|2.47%|768.40
QQQ|Exchange Traded Fund|64|40.62% / 59.38%|$268.51|-0.32%|-
AMD|Advanced Micro Device|61|80.65% / 19.35%|$74.31|-1.31%|105.01


────────────────

###Trending Options:

**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Expiration**
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
VXX|$27|Call|11/6
SPY|$315|Put|11/6
SPY|$340|Call|11/6
NIO|$31|Call|11/6
AAPL|$150|Call|3/19
AAPL|$115|Call|11/20
NIO|$43|Call|1/15
FTCH|$35|Call|1/2021
PLUG|$17|Call|1/2021
VXX|$28|Call|11/13
JKS|$90|Call|11/20
AMZN|$3000|Call|12/11
AMZN|$2900|Put|11/6
SNAP|$35|Put|11/6
NOK|$5|Call|11/20


────────────────

###Trending Sentiment:

**Sentiment**|**Comments**|**%**
:--|:--|:--
Bullish|1351|55.57%
Neutral|10470|-
Bearish|1080|44.43%


────────────────

###Other Data:

**Overall Market Sentiment:** Bullish

**Comments Searched:** 12901

**Newly Trending Tickers:** VXX, AMD

────────────────

You can view all top trending tickers on /r/RedditTickers.

Notice an error or have questions? Reply to this post or message /u/smallstreetgains.

Financial data provided by [finviz](https://finviz.com/).
? Ah?
If we have a clear winner tomorrow night and you identify as a 🌈🐻, don’t even bother showing up to the market Wednesday.
closed at $330. LMFAO totally not rigged total organic market.
One old retired dude has been on a crusade to outlaw gas powered leaf blowers because it disturbs the peace. He puts these long rants up. 

Some women today posted about how she ran into a kind young man who gave her an extra 😴 Joe yard sign and then a kid drove by and yelled at her for supporting 😴. She said it really hurt her feelings and she was afraid for her life.   

It’s fucking insane. All these pearl clutching boomers talking about their fragile lives. 

Fuck. The generation after the Greatest Generation are a bunch of pussies.
Aight I’m in my son
Yesss shrek dick to close off let's. Gooo
just heard a 53 year old male jumped to his death from the JPM tower in manhattan this morning
Haha 😆
I will be starting at paypal AH for the next 30 minutes.
🤡 gang.
Last candle took away all gains from day. I’m worried about my puts now.
No way we moon tomorrow... Right?
Lol. +$0.01 from open to close.
Welcome home.
I was just admiring how organic that looks
All i see are lines going up. Good enough dd for me
Yup we’re definitely pumping tomorrow and fading eod

Regardless of what happens its gonna be volatile as fuck so get ready
I think I might just be
even when qqq is green I'm red for the day because I'm on tqqq 🤡🤡
LOOL you called it 😂
Remeber me. I think your my long lost dad.
!RemindMe 2 days
Penis‘ down
What’s your wife’s phone #?
a nice little v shape for myself, thank you very much market.
Penises down!
Yes after election. So In the next week or two unlesss it’s still contested lol
The amount of liquidity spent just now is insane.
Totally fair and legal market! I like it
I need to use my SCHWAB trading account for margin then. Thanks for the assist.
Buying calls
I mean it is, in a genetic sense. There's a certain point where grit or whatever can't get you any further, and at that point you better be a Scott Steiner level genetic freak
I sure hope there aren’t any major events tomorrow
i have a gambling problem
Just quit trading. Buy and hold.
[deleted]
All good as long as they stay above 15 until 11/13
down 4k in 3 months 🤡🤡🤡
Well said. 

So many funds will be rebalancing as we come into the end of Q4 & the year. Seems like they’re switching to financials & value expecting bigger growth in those areas for 2021 vs tech.
Yes why would we be red? We already dipped hard last week
It's always the biggest election in history
What do you call if you are bull/bear and theta gang?
There’s at least one dipshit out on this thread that will YOLO his life savings into the right directional play on his first day trading options. It’ll change his life forever, he will post gain porn. He’ll then post his entire account blowing up by day after tomorrow.

One of us.
why are mods autoremoving comments with ticker DGLY
Last 10 minute SPY trade volume is insane.
Ha jokes on you there's always the morning after pill.
UBER & LYFT trading higher due to increased demand expected from your local militias needing to get to the civil war tomorrow
Tell me my AMC $10 1/22 gonna print
AMZN closing above 3k is bullish af.
SPY going sicko mode rn
How much liquidity was spent trying to prevent a massive drop?
DONT TELL ME HOW TO SPEND MY MONEY
0tpyrC

eimron bumd uoY
If you open the full images you'll see all my current positions.

SPY 12/31 $250p $300p $320p.
PUMP IT
Bears r fuk
PYPL premiums are through the roof
Nobody here knows how the vix works
Just sold - anyone feel that?
Feels like forever ago now 😔
Hopefully noone dies tmrw lol
🐂🦬🐃🐄

       🐻
hey screw you!
WHATS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE WHY ARE YOU BUYING BEFORE THE BIGGEST ELECTION IN HISTORY?!
Puts
buy below 90
QQQ always finds a way to close flat
Whos camping out for a ps5 cus they couldnt get a preorder?
All in on nio 40 calls 🚀🤡
My :DD

\--- Free money!

Copper LEAPs

SPY and QQQ PUTs for the next few weeks

\--- Micro DD

Costco and some other retailers caught up in some [monkey slavery](https://www.cnn.com/2020/10/31/business/costco-coconut-milk-monkey-labor-trnd/index.html) shenanigans!

Disney using strip-club business strategy for outsourcing customer services where they [pay to work](https://www.propublica.org/article/meet-the-customer-service-reps-for-disney-and-airbnb-who-have-to-pay-to-talk-to-you)!

Willie Nelson and Karen O support theta gang bigly with their [cover of under pressure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEU-7uga_4A).
SPY calls and puts ratio is 1:1.53

It might be flat tomorrow
Dammit
Well ... I hope you smoked it too if you rode it all day.
Joined  cash gang on Friday. Slept until 8am. Calls on my health. I’ll rejoin you boys in a few weeks
Dont worry. This sub will be flooded with slv posts eventually.
Michael VIX avoids a defender and now he's all by himself, he loads up and heaves this one towards the end zone!
Too late
QQQ will end exactly at 270.01  
SPY will end exactly at 330.01  
  
To fuck over all puts expiring today.
lol no i did not, i'm not nearly experienced/educated enough to take that kind of risk
Holy volume
Yes
[deleted]
Spy 250p 11/6 because why not?
Look at all these bullish indicators
And the bears go back to hibernating, muttering 'tomorrow is another day' before falling into a deep, eternal sleep, never to wake again.
You called it
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ET   5.5|0.12|0.14|0.12|0.0|69.069%


ET 5.5C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxozzw&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
SEDG pypl earnings????????
Lmao always do the opposite of what WSB know nothings say
Sold
This isnt a "normal" election
down $300... good start to the week
Appreciate it.
Bought more NIO shares cause that's how confident I am with China's EV market.
300% IV on AMC. Who is selling calls today. 

:D
We are so green tomorrow it’s wild
Which tickers? Aurora
Not manipulated at all...
Hey you, YEAH YOU. 
DON’T MAKE ANY LAST MIN DECISION YOU’LL REGRET
[ET 5.5c 11/13, if Donny wins these bitches are 10 baggers](https://i.imgur.com/MEYE31y.jpg)
What time does PYPL release earnings?
Chop chop chop
fuck off aapl whats with the random $1 pump can you just die already
[deleted]
as soon as i buy cgc calls it goes down.. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
DKNG did it!
NASDAQ GREEN KEKW
[deleted]
fml bought spy 330 puts expiring today earlier. had something come up and didn't check my phone from 1 until 3:30. My puts would've printed if I could have sold.
 

STO- NIO DEC20 $27p for $2.12  
BTO- NIO DEC20 $37C for $3.30

realized with my call, I could now do a PMCC, so I figured the 1StanDev for 11-13 is around $40, so

STO NIO NOV13 $40c for $.48

Total cost basis $70
Gay is the way on eBay? Im so confused.
Thanks Yea I would’ve been bagholding bigly this last hour lol
Wrong DoorDash is. Uber will continue to loss market share to door dash. I switched to door dash 4 months ago
How is 9-2.5=0???
🐖 🐷 🐽 get slaughtered.
Lol at the battle for 330. Shit is wild.
Massachusetts placed new restrictions just few minutes ago. Expecting same from other states.
NO UNCERTAINTY
Positions?
I am jacked tot the tits on AMD

Holding 300 shares. Holding $90c Dec 21. Sold $65p Nov 20, $60p Dec 21, and sold $85c weekly
Kate rooney 😍
Is there any way to see historic IV on a contract in robinhood. Is there another website where it is easy to look up?
>none of us have any idea what we are doing

What gave it away?
[deleted]
Implying I will be taking care of my kids and not selling them for more casino money
You as well my friend
Rode weed all day, sold some and bought tech, Sleepy Dough let's go
Oh no I love it. But not taking any profit when profit when everyone tells you to makes for really good loss porn
Doing Elon's work.
Hello Mr. SEC I think I got fucked can you help me?
A glass of wine per night doesn’t make you a wino, it makes you classssay
Pump tomorrow
Yes, the play is either very long term or, my favorite, the vaccine pump. 

If the government greenlights vaccines this shit stock gonna moon. Its an easy 2-3 bagger on shares (I’m not touching options on this lol)
330 270 condors looking more and more like the answer...
can you loan me 20 bucks
Oh sweet summer child. It was priced in last week
[deleted]
I didn't think they were allowed guns
Lmao the ol’ bears cucked
wow 330 not budging
[deleted]
JPow pumping the shit out of stocks hoping that it will help his boss tomorrow but most Americans don't make their voting decisions based on market pumps.
Huh the market not even closed yet
Bought VXX puts gotta inverse you guys
My chips are on red... but you know my dumb ass has a few plays on green 🙊🙉🙈
[deleted]
Ah, yet another retarded pump close. You love to see it
Phew thx I sold before the rip lol
Wow, I did not know that, thanks!
Puts on sale!!! BUY NOW
How can anyone sleep at night holding puts? Those dips get bought up quick af! jfc
pinned at 330. rigged fucking market.
Did you dip those paper hands in baby oil!
So here it is, time running out, game on the line, Michael VIX calling out signals at the line of scrimmage, now backs up into the shotgun, low snap but VIX corrals it, he pumps once, he's looking to his left. Four man rush. He steps up!
Calls for what?
EOD puts or calls?
[deleted]
Ahh OK I thought I was going crazy.
Has to be atleast $2 drop to be considered a dump
Perfectly flat day lmao
Sold my puts. Too many bears in here.
It only IPOed a few weeks ago
After everything I’ve seen the last two weeks I’m convinced none of us have any idea what we are doing. 

Bye bye portfolio
I agree. SPY 420 if we have war
Selling all my calls! Not dealing with this choppyness again tomorrow lol. I’ll just spectate 👋🏽
[deleted]
Bear r fuk no lie
It might not go below $94
🚨IF YOU LOST A TON OF MONEY TODAY🚨

It is just money. You are crazy enough to be here, so you’re crazy enough to make it back. Worst case, there’s bankruptcy. Debt wiped clean. Hell, my daddio was getting discover card offers only a few months into his bankruptcy. There is always hope.

**Don’t make a permanent decision over a temporary situation.**

.-.-.-.-.

24/7 Crisis Hotline:
1-800-273-TALK (8255) (Veterans, press 1)

Crisis Text Line:
Text TALK to 741-741

Veterans Crisis Line:
Send a text to 838255

SAMHSA Treatment Referral Hotline (Substance Abuse)
1-800-662-HELP (4357)

The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700) 
         
The National Problem Gambling Text Helpline 800-522-4700
Are you with the nWo Wolfpack or nWo Hollywood?
I have the 11/6 26c and a bunch of ITM/OTM 11/20 strikes.

Debating selling the 11/6 and averaging down on 30c.

Goddamn theta making me nervous
Bot says to buy calls, but I'm not doing it because calls are very expensive right now.
I bought a vintage coffee pot on ebay. Coffee is a stimulant. Stimulant, stimulus. 

Calls for sure.
God pls dump, I can’t handle another night of bulls parading around me.
A lot of bulls out rn. Guess more puts it is
EOD PUMP IS A LIE
Damn they’re still making clothing? Remember how popular that shit was in the early 2000’s
Why a Euro dump?
I think having two parties claiming the election will probably have bigger impacts if it leads to serious civil unrest. Especially if that means that no stimmy gets passed
Wholly fuck.. this beyond pathetic/sad 


https://twitter.com/reuters/status/1323309737962885121?s=21
Agreed. I see a bloodbath over the next couple weeks which should print my 12/31 SPY puts which are already up to begin with. My LEAPS were cheap entries and IV and Theta seem favorable so if shit hit's the fan short term like I expect, I'll take profits on my SPY puts and roll that into my LEAP positions and average down. I might be a retard but I'm a retard with a plan...
Jeez those last pumps really fucked me up
Nice. I'm selling naked strangles so I'm making money slower but have been green on a lot of up and down days.
Civil war is bullish
Maybe Wednesday. 73% of election days are historically green.
religion of peace
They always keep it lubed up and ready.
I'm fucking jacked on AMC calls loool
Same apha leaps are printing
# 🦘
getting IV crushed by NIO is not something I wanted to have happen today
Cannabis. States vote tomorrow
That’s the beauty of IV crush.
I prefer Fubu.
NKLA calls EOW
pumpinggggggg
Going to take a few days to count ballots, atleast..
BUY PUTS BEFORE CLOSE BOYS
Come on Daddy Pow let me see that printer BRRRRRRRRRR
Today was not as volatile as people expected.
Hulk cock's for everyone
Every fucking day, exactly at 3:50 someone comes with a massive buy order at market price to pump stocks and we are made to believe that fed isn't pumping stocks. Sure. lol
Yes, overvauled. But still may go up a lot and get more overvalued.
I will never financially recover from this
Lol 😂
Nicccceeeeee
Got some DUK puts on the cheap. been riding high lately with a REALLY high estimated earnings that’s probable to not hit. Due for a pullback
CNBC being a homie and pumping AAPL
Major selloffs in 3,2,1
I am
I lost $17 today.
My brain agrees, but my paper hands are being tested.
what a joke, but to be expected - welcome to your country
bought sq @ 155. Legggooo
What lmao
If you think 🐻 asshole is gaped today, wait for the election to be decided when an avalanche of cash worth trillions comes pouring into the market.
I don’t even know what it is but I just bought in
Depending on the temp it might be okay. If you go camping and it’s not super cold you can bury water in the snow and it will retain enough heat to keep from freezing, and alcohol has a much lower freezing point. I guess it all depends on how long it was outside and where.
i hope so
Fubo is going to sky rocket. You heard it hear first. Will hit 20 by end of November. Sky is the limit with them. Like buying Netflix at $15 a share.
wait for a clear bottom it's still consolidating.
Because it's going to go parabolic eventually
Also selling some cc. monetize high IV.
was waiting for this EOD ridiculous pump plz
Get ready for Jpow to turn on the printer
Last 5mins.... prepare your anus
I did that 4 years ago and got cucked.

Stonks only go up.
340 tomorrow
Puts on daylight savings.
That’s a good fucking question isn’t it?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ACB   5.5|0.5|0.54|0.51|0.34|231.952%


ACB 5.5C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxomlx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
PUMP
come on paypal
Just got a new Corsair keyboard, didn’t know they were public?
This day was flat af.
Careful with ur puts. We might actually pump tomorrow and start fading eod. Thats my prediction
buy AMZN guys, greatest dip-buying opportunity in this market!!!
stonks down looks bad for the mango.. so, PAHMP EET!
Getting that nio $$$
Because there’s no ROI on buying clothes.
Buy U shares when it drops below $94?
ACB 11/13 5.50c
This is me vs the bears.

Have ya'll recovered from Crashtoberfest? I'm already bouncing off personal ATHs again after bigly gains today.
Long SQQQ under 24 or buy calls and pick your yacht retard
I am in fairly big (for my portfolio) on Nio and Baba (20% each).  But I don't do options because when I try there is too much loss in theta value thst eats gains.  I think both are long term winners and will kill it in a year or less.
HAHA BEARS R FUK!!!!
Why can’t I make money
Why is RKT so low compared to its earnings?
yes
MUY BIEN
Aye. Doubled up today.
Puts are free money rn
True true
Dewey Defeats Truman.
Drop ze buy wall
come on green hulk dildos... lets hit 331.
jacked to the absolute tits in NIO 2/21 35c
Ahhhhhhh hold SPY puts?
Give me a gamble bois
I feel your pain
Calls? Damn
if you didnt sell in February and held through THAT. This volatility ain't shit. HOLD
Lol I am just staying away from tech earnings. I got burnt by TEAM already
Those were the days
Nothing too crazy. A couple $150 leaps and a Roth IRA that's 99% AAPL.
Ready for your gape 🌈🐻🍆
4.95 maybe
RIP Intel 🙏🙏🙏
Cannabis
Euro dump means liquidity rotation into US equities
Civil War?

Priced in.
Today is a day you sell puts on CRSR retards
Nio
🤡🤡I owned CRON $7 calls two weeks ago and sold to buy more AMD fuck my ass 🤡🤡
I am up $22 on a 11/20 $35 put :(
Nio
They don't understand that unless we are descending to be cavemen stonks go up.
Got calls on SPY at the bottom of the last couple hours, and chickened out on holding. Today was profit and then chances and a wash. Grabbed some weekly yolos of VXX to hold. Fun times.
why Elon going up again? what news?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VXX   27.5|1.63|1.64|1.61|-0.3|191.815%


VXX 27.5C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxogxx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Selling only puts?
Ugh only index in the red. Back in the golden days there was a circuit breaker every Monday 😒
fuck it, holding these SPY 325p for tomorrow at least
Lol agree, but Hillary would still be a better candidate than Joe
Heads up!  NEW THREAD for tomorrow already up!
Circuit breaker tomorrow
Balls deep in Harvest.
>My buddy at TRP gave up on trading because of it.

This is exactly how i feel at this moment. Despite following the policy in 99.9% cases, those unintentional .1% transactions bite you in the ass. 

I'm just wondering if i should be just buy and hold investor or have someone else manage my account for a fee.
Looks like all of tech is correcting right now, I dunno if there's any reason behind it though
Buy VXX calls. It’s free money for tomorrow probably. Who fucking knows. But I’m all in on VXX 11/6 $27.50C
Europe is fucked
I am. Calls for March and April that I bought last week though.
nio shares/leaps
Because it might explode from the pressure if it freezes. If you want a cold drink but can’t keep it in the fridge (like a normal person would) you can quickly cool it down by wrapping a wet tissue around it and putting it in the freezer for a couple of minutes. Cheers!

Also, don’t drink every night.
I want to go in but what’s the highest it runs  to tomorrow realistically? IV is 220%
🎶🎶🎶 I see a green door and I want it painted red. No delayed election priced in, I want it red 🎶🎶 🎶
Placed my bets for the week.

Told myself I would buy Amazon shares under 3k.

In on ICLN and VXX puts for a clear Biden victory, which Trump will obviously raise a circus about, but the markets won’t buy it. Volatility unwinds.
Thanks man 🙏 so far so good
Dopamine addict. You’re amongst your kind.
$420c this week is free money still
[removed]
Puts on lobsta rolls
Very bullish
And aapl
Hold spy puts till tmr ?
RIP 🌈🐻 dummy
What? Dropped like a buck fifty so I bought in a bit.
Corsair used to be my bread and butter. Now it’s fucking my shit up.
Quicker just to light your money on fire.  LOL.
one of those days were if you held from Friday you got fucked and if you bought at open you probably got fucked.  Oh well, try again tmr.
CRSR is below $23 should I get in the shares again?
That's all very fair, and I agree that it's a long road to becoming seriously profitable businesses for weed companies. Not planning on holding these for the long term. I do think they would get a solid bump from a Biden win on hype alone. There is for sure going to be a big reaction in certain stocks depending on the outcome. If Biden wins decisively, prison and oil stocks will be deep red, weed, gun, and renewable stocks will be bigly green imo
Euro dump is going to be epic
Positions?
If mango wins but doesn’t get the popular vote... America will be burning.
I don't know if I agr...
Every announcement or introduction is a sell off, look at Tesla battery day
SPY is messing with a man’s lunch.
Best of luck
Calls!?
Yea buy some CRON and you'll be nicely surprised.
Some guy just told me that the $1 drop was a dump...

Cant even fake that kind of retardation
i guess holding overnight tomorrow night is probably more riskay than tonight
AMC
Lol cant argue that logic. Best of luck to you. what are your 12/31 options for SPY? SPY and GLD have been my favorite this year.
ZM
"BREAKING - Terror in #Austria. Another shooting has just been reported at the #Hilton hotel in #Vienna. In addition, hostages have reportedly been taken by the terrorists at a third location."

Terrorist be jealous of all the attention Corona getting.
Are ZM calls dumb right now? Are they overvalued? Somebody who’s less retarded than me please answer. 
Yours truly,
Retard
Jack ma looks like a baba
Nice play
I got shares and calls for YOLO
Shares? What are you? Poor?
Guess I YOLO'd into TSLA the day before an election because I'm stupid af
Good time to sell
yep
6k on vix. Hope it pays off
Solid ass play right there my dude
💎 🤜
I would have had so much money if I just didn't trade the last 2 months
Given the high chance for the result to be unknown for days anyone buying long rn is insane
close your puts and it will dump
We’ll see but Biden isn’t Hillary...This country had no intentions of letting a woman be president. Lol
I bet it's airdildo pro
Give in bears
Shit, I have the same VXX calls as WSBG (he who must not be named)

Think he can photoshop mine for max tendies also? Lol
**Market Poll for tomorrow:**

[https://forms.gle/JJWxT4BQCBtK8Wj88](https://forms.gle/JJWxT4BQCBtK8Wj88)
I am NOT from Havana.
Bullish if TSLA closes above 400
[deleted]
Yeah exactly, specially that magsafe thing
Look at their value pre-corona.

Since then they have been diluted to about 30% of that value, so around $5-$6.

They have missed last two earnings, and have Q3 earnings in another week or so, which they *should* beat, as all mortgage companies are beating earnings right now (unless they are huge fuckups, since everyone is buying and doing refis)

Price will likely jump to $3.5 or $4 at that point = $$$$$$.  Look how cheap the $3 calls are for Nov 20th.  If it hits $4, which is totally feasible, you could 10x or more.
Yeah, dealers are trying mad hard to get it to 330 probably but selling pressure right now is too high.
I included SLV. But even threads about that are gone.
ACB calls 11/13? Anybody else in them? With 5 states voting to legalize...
lol everytime SPY sells off. Bought right back up.
who wants to be in SPY this week? jeez dump already
very good question...let me know what you find out
Will we moon on any kind of definite victory?
who holding overnight?
[deleted]
Baba, JD, NIO and BIDU
Up 2% for the day as theta gang
WTF is going on with CRSR today?
Hold UVXY call overnight? 🤔
It’s not tomorrow yet. Puts on auto mod
The best part of winter is having an unheated garage/ the outside that functions as a walk in freezer. The bottle may crack if the contents do start to freeze and expand though.
Buy Boeing and just ride it up to $155-160
Incoming flaccid dick close. 
Whatever that means
big shrek dildo to close ty
Short term Baba calls for Biden victory, short term puts on cgc/tilray for Trump victory
get in on cannabis brah
SQ
Mango going to go catatonic from the mental stress if the Market keeps pricing in him losing.

Tomorrow should be a tech day since I bought near the bottom today.
This man just said "expect" 

MOD HIM
DKNG down .2% calls down 5%. DKNG up 1.5% calls unchanged
Move to Europe or Australia. 

Huge demand for experienced programmers + you'll make great money
Baba should be at 350.. smh
Roses are red,
violets are fuck you
This shit is so wild. I'm holding one put overnight and IV is so high I'm not even going to hedge it.
🌚🏄🏻‍♂️🏄🏿‍♂️ this is us surfing to the fuckin moon
yes probably
Guh this market. Pick a damn direction.
Why did you say it's closed
Apple Introduces Revolutionary New Laptop With No Keyboard

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BnLbv6QYcA
I think about those as much as I can do something about them: nothing. You'd need Doc's DeLorean and enough room to hit 88MPH for that.
Yay another sell off :))
Digital silver is better.
Purple
Ban this mother fucker
I tried to create another account for this, but forgot the 30 day age rule. Fuck it, we're doing it live.
SQQQ is what I just did with 21k
Gj Bruh
TSM> NVDA > AMD
right now? VIX
Thats like saying since most people don't make it to the NFL becoming an NFL player is just luck of the draw.
Jd
Why the fuck did I pick tech 3 weeks ago
Can we please have a nice dump to 327?
[deleted]
Same here bro this shit is ridiculous. Haven’t had a profitable trade since august
Adrenaline rush on either winning or losing money is higher than watching shitty movies.
i cant imagine it will. if it becomes a clear biden win tho, it should continue going up.
Hillary was destroying early on 4 years ago too and she lost
I have $160 calls for 9/2022 that are down 6k I just need to delete the app huh
Cant lose 319.80?? bear r fuk
Tbh I'm just glad today is green even by a little
Dealers going nonstop on the buys lol.
BaBa
JD/BABA
So ridiculous, it’s gonna be flat all week just to fuck us all
shorts covering?
All Intel wants for Christmas is one fucking good news cycle Jesus.
Except for when you lost it all and only have like 1500 in the port
survival of the luckiest
Reload puts for tomorrow?
THANKS A LOT MODS FUCKED UP THE LAST HOUR OF THE TRADING DAY
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VXX   26.0|2.1|2.14|2.12|-0.25|174.822%


VXX 26.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxo278&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I think so too
[deleted]
[deleted]
Probably fine.
You have 10k what short term stock you picking
Depends on the temp. Wines can freeze around 22 degrees F depending on ABV. If you are a good bit away from that you are fine.
[deleted]
bought pypl calls
I thought I sold puts for $5 strike but I just checked my portfolio and didnt see em so they must have already expired or they hit my limit and closed the positions for profit already.
Damn the volume on the last pump
Sell VXX 11/6 26c to average down 11/20 30c?

Fucking hell I can't make up my mind lol
How can people into market Casinos not buy NIO long calls/shares like are you retarded or what
I could see the dip being Thanksgiving to NYE, but mid Jan stimulus talks going well
What’s the play EOD
I made $103.50 today
cant go tits up
Can we dump further??
It gonna be flat af the entire week just to gape my asshole 3 more sizes isn’t it
Fake mini pump to get people to think it's a repeat of Friday.
If it was gunna “dump” it would’ve today
[deleted]
It’s a bear trap within a bull trap within a bear trap within a...
Damn. Yeah it does.
Dang congrats! GL in the future. Yeah I got lucky buying shares of TSLA in March when it was under 400
Yes they already made billion doses and now just waiting for approval to distribute it
Just buy and hold.
I really feel it is the opposite but I'm not wagering on it right now, lol
EOD pump going on
U could’ve sold the call above it to lock in ur gains
For the first time I made money from every single trades today. All of them are SPY puts.
Try Robinhood, the basement dwellers crowed

Free money for the taking, gains for days!

Your job is such a sad and dreary road,

So ditch the paycheck for these solid plays.

The rich make money just for being rich,

Upon the backs of poors like you and me.

So ride that market, ride it like a bitch!

Like Sherwood's savior, heroes we will be.

I placed my bets, the dreams of riches near,

Picked calls and puts with care and mother's love.

If these retards could do it, never fear!

In two short weeks, I too would rise above.

*I dreamed I'd spread my wealth through all the 'wood*

*But never dared consider if I should.*
What good things has intel? I bet they'll probably make a comeback late next year, things are not looking too good
I just want BLNK to go parabolic so we can meme Blink 182
In what are the scenarios are we green tomorrow, only a blue wave, all else read?
dude, it will not

you will see whether I am right/wrong by tomorrow
what ABOUT IT
Yikes. I wasn’t looking today
Nov 6th 250 p
10 min. Place your bets kids.
QQQ ending green
[deleted]
Bears clinging on to dear life praying for a dump that isn't going to come.

It's sad really
If the volume comes in here hold
The fuck on
[deleted]
Today was your last day to dump your calls and load up on puts. Good luck ✌🏻
10 seconds
[deleted]
stuck in discord purgatory, after one wrong message you can't get teh capcha, i want to join the autism in the discord :(
Will MSFT close below 200? Hasn’t happened since 6/19 🤔
Most serious answer: Yes.
This has to be the most rigged day in the last few months lmao
[deleted]
same here... long spy puts weekly calls....when shit hits it will be hard and fast....consumers are gonna slow down....already seeing it
right? i'm 99.92% certain i'm losing every cent i put into this. the hype for that 0.08% possibility of a fully improbable retard victory is...astronomical. 

this _needs_ to happen...a world where the combined highschool retard strength of WSB overcomes any sane understanding of market forces is just too good to not be fully invested in.
Except December could be a sell-off with people taking profits in anticipation of 2021 tax increases
[removed]
cuz they are up on Trump's mushroom dick.
sell imo, get some tomorrow EOD if you want
I’m up to the tits on SQQQ
Why the fuck am I always wrong.
If that could come in the next two months that’d be great
Futures about to rip
US is having record cases everyday and you think that a billion doses of a vaccine can get approved, created, and distributed in a month?
Haha yeah, literally everything. It's going up so hard if trump wins
Election is gonna be the biggest non-event. Short volatility tomorrow
Looks primed to pump:(
big money is already on their calls. still debating whether I should buy today or later this week
I don’t see why it wouldn’t be
We refuse the tank absolutely crazy
Damn, I have a real talent for buying at the top & I mean the absolute top smh
bruh hold. IV pop tomorrow.
PUMP PUMP PUMP IT UP
It's usually always the one person that no one is following though. Once a wsb gang forms around it you're fucked. Get out. Just like bear gang today. Theyre gonna get gaped at close
Whoops accidentally lost 13k in the last 3 months. Luckily I know I can make it back with one final trade for all the bags
A ton of people proving they aren't patriots. A fucking president doesn't define America.
EOD pump probably & tomorrow green open , if EU didn't sell off today why would it tomorrow
Zoom out you retard.

a $1 drop on SPY isn't that much, quit being a gay bear
Up 7k off $400 I started with I had already in Robinhood before I found I found this sub and learned what I was doing wrong and now if you just follow the autistic was in this sub sometimes one kid on the short bus is right about something and I’ve been the special one too but Kodak and space calls and just had them at the right times. PLUG I got lucky af on this year too I had I few shares from inviting other people to come gamble on Robinhood with me and bought more and then calls right before it popped off
i wonder if NIO will even see much pullback cuz of election
Stfu
Would love to see SPY lose 1% in the last 10 min.
I think either winning is good for the market and that it's been the uncertainty that's had us in kang-limbo.
Pretty sure he loves them now
sell
$ROPE
10 minute pump or dump.
My puts will for sure keep printing tomorrow
which probably means we moon
Blue
if we must
maybe
Is it safe to store a bottle of wine outside in the snow? Cuz my family doesn't drink but I like a glass per night... Probably becoming an alcoholic but yea
drugs
Baby, please!  Fifteen's my limit on schnitzengruben!
It's definitely that easy.
Puts on France
holding VXX UVXY and SQQQ, this shit better DUMPPP
Lol
Who's playing Wayfair for earnings?
You’re right protect from those loss porn stains.
I'd rather lose all my life savings and become a heroin addicted hobo than become a gay bear.
🧻🙌
320p 11/4 -50% , sell or hold?
I barely entertained watching movies nowadays. But glued to a screen for 7 hrs watching a number goes uppies and downies. Whats wrong with me?
Worked Friday into Monday morning 😘 thanks for your money tho
Oof, shares are the way bro, fuk all that other shit
Hold the line
All I need for this election to do is for tank $CRM so I can buy into it
Then why did you ask?
I love your chowdah
You autists never take a break.
Hi WSB, will tomorrow be red or green? (Serious answers only please)
[deleted]
Been a pretty low volume day today. Are we gonna be seeing 4 hours worth of trading in two candles again?
[removed]
Yea i do pootpoot. Yes i do
Lol thanks for the laugh.
[deleted]
I’d be selling them 320P’s all day if I didn’t already use most of my capital to buy TSLa calls when it hit 380 last week!
[deleted]
Meth
Good evening you fine ass humans
Over night?? No. Holding for months bro for 10bagger
fck no, imo. they got the cash to get over the hump, if the right team wins tomorrow things are gonna rock...and travel will again be a thing. back to $50+ in a year I think....but do your own DD
too far otm
www.politicantradingpatterns.com
Just hold for a bit bro.

AMD has strong support at $74. I really don't think we can go lower than $70 with a full on market crash.

I would expect them to moon before next earnings and possibly this holiday season. A shit ton of people have been waiting for Zen3 and RDNA2 and it's literally about to start shipping.

Hold and trust in Lisa Su. She knows what she is doing
I quit the banking industry, that's how I manage.

My buddy at TRP gave up on trading because of it.
Relax shit
We’re famous!
That's what happens when you get your dick sucked by the best doctors in the world.

He's got the A1 plug
Yea...  it’s totally okay man we aren’t gonna make you take any meds but we’ll be sending you the short bus from now on
the only red I'm betting on is SPY 11/6 $320p
hold I think
It's literally just a curfew between 10pm and 5am.
Just hoping for 2-3 points from NIO tmr so I can get out from these calls.  No hope for CRSR might as well hold through earnings now.
Vxx is cucking
[deleted]
We’re gonna dump as soon as market closes just to fuck with everyone holding puts
Sold most of PYPL a bit too early, need SQ meme recovery please
I was gonna buy calls but IV seems too high. Might jump on shares.
Neat, you had a 50% chance to be right and you were
They both deserve their demises.
I took advantage of it at 3:45pm. Sure enough it came.
It's above 440 rn. Don't you mean support?
Dealers coming out of nowhere but selling pressure might be too much.
Silent majority rules
SQQQ Calls up 20%. Hold or cash in?
Same but idk I’m still holding
[deleted]
Yeah I’d stay the course my friend. Good luck to us
ATVI feels like the most manipulated shit ever (down 2.3% intra day) just bought some puts on that bitch. Everyone thinks it’s going up but MMs are pulling out so time to pay me bitch
I trade with toaster
That volume tho. 👀
😂
This whole day, I've had no fucking clue what to do. I think it's gonna be the same for the next week or so.
I guaranteed you that DOW will be up 200 tomorrow,

thanks me later
Time for what?

To drop them....I mean how low can they really go at this point.
I feel like prop 22 is priced in since there's a lot of certainty it will pass. Might drop a bit more in the coming days but who knows
** lose money lol
Because Tim AAPL is gay.
holy shit comment volume is so low in these threads now
Get a koozie
Yeah I am in a similar boat with Apha, thought you had said sold some puts as well though.  The calls are far less risky for reasons you just outlined.
im holding mine overnight
Idk. Does it matter
I got puts on pins and that mofo don’t wanna go down!
Duh
What do you see for tomorrow
[deleted]
Thanks for all the responses !
You guys are alright :)
[deleted]
drink reds room temp.
Holding VXX calls til EOW
Bro.   90% of this sub doesn't know Sigma.
holding 2000 shares of sqqq cuz option is too risky right now  😂
Sometimes there’s a diamond in the ruff. Retards are bound to be right eventually
Yeah, I'm not really worried if my $20 250p expires worthless. My 12/31's feel pretty safe at the moment. I'll take profits on those this week assuming SPY stays flat or continues to drop throughout the week. If SPY skyrockets I'll look to sell if my gains are erased and I end up back at my entry price.
Tesla’s don’t have a new car smell, they have an Elon Musk.
If your bag feel the same weight...i might jump in
Guy i bought 8k at 28 but aold shprtly after. Then lost it all on fds. Idiot
It’s held as option collateral I write puts on my margin account so I don’t need the cash on hand but leverage my other positions to write the put and collect premium.
Anyone playing PYPL earnings?
It’s up .76% on the day. Market always sells a bit into close. I don’t call a $0.48 decline “dumping”
Props to you for pointing it out captivating read
It's 3:46 so ummmmm
I feel like I should I get calls ya know ?
Buy them a bottle of wine and tell them you brought a yours too
why your sister's doing that for me
Such a fake pump.  Here comes the EOD dump and a preview for the rest of this week.  It will be a total shit show.  By now does anyone sane expect anything different for 2020?
It is for another 15 minutes
Dip this week, moon once results official. Rise to Thanksgiving, dip a bit, fly off NYE into 2021 massive Stimulus.
If the market pumps eod it’ll probably pump tomorrow if it dumps eod it’ll dump tomorrow
12/11 4.5C let's go
Straight diamond handed through that pump
[deleted]
If thats what a green day is then a red day is gunna be baaad
All in on the cannabis train, we legalizin baby #TCNNF #CURLF
If you ain’t scalping 0DTEs in the final 30 minutes risking your entire position for thousands a minute are you even a gambler?
I wouldn’t even look at that if it’s for 2022
Anything you can store liquid, pour it in there
How to reset my all time on RH?
Its amazing how much energy 🍑 has conducting 5 rallies each day at 74. I barely get up everyday.
ZM can't never be oversold.
didn't they get delisted or something
Hold SQQQ calls till Wednesday or sell now for 30% gain. Anyone else in a similar position?
Yolo into a hedge
Mango +165 now to win for those that want quick money
No one is going to movies any time soon and lockdowns look to be possible.  Their only viable source of capital is cheap equity at this point.  Even with a vaccine theaters will be slow to fill up.  They have to be a strong candidate for bankruptcy in the next few months, but hey, that might be bullish.

That's the bear case anyway, but I hear you.  But any play would need to be pretty long term.
Retard
[deleted]
[deleted]
do they still? I thought they split now
Puts on Massachusetts
Bought a couple hundred shares of SWBI and some GBTC. Expecting chaos
Why ivr????
Sell CC’s dumbass
if you wanna be sneaky about it and drink
their wine then you can always put the cork back in but it’s a bitch
Anyone else watch Black Dynamite. This is the exact same Kung Fu treachery he was talking about.
Hype is over no one buying iPhones
Haha yes
Try to realize it live and make the right choise instwad of beating yourself up
Not to mention they're buying into this IV on both sides here lmao
Agreed.
dump it like you just downed a whole tube of Pringles!
You guys letting go of your puts?
Why would you listen. To wsb. Retards are always late.
Finish high school first
Damn dude....I have NO fucking idea what's gonna happen in the next 10 minutes much less after the election. Holding calls and shares so I'm bullish but this could dump so hard. Glad I have a decent amount of cash on the side and LOOOONG dated calls.
wait, IV too high
For short term growth, yes. Long term, no.
Votes don't matter. It's up to the electoral college.
Wine enemas are your best bet
imagine imagining
get in losers, we're going long on airline, casino and hotel stonks
I'm telling you, calls on uber or lyft. That shit is going to pop if California's prop 22 passes and polling is suggesting it might have a narrow lead
 Mango now +165 to win for those that want quick money
god i want to go balls deep in NVDA so bad... stupid erection needs to finish
So should we buy then?
Omg you're on WSB. u thought I was serious. Cmon
Wtf? Have u ever heard of the theta wheel? We are stupid, but we are not as stupid as u are.
lol, drops to 212 in the first hour.....flash crash
How do you have $24,000 in your Robinhood and still use powdered creamer?
Yes
Just buy and hold marijuana stocks
That’s what I’m saying this shit isn’t organic growth. No matter what retail does hedge funds are just trying to siphon every cent from them.
Nice little EOD dump just enough to say “fuck your puts lmao”
Proud to be a masshole
Drill TEAM 6 was just resting from last week labor.
All I’m asking is that SPY gets its 5% dump so I can go all in and sell CCs until I die, which will be a week later from a cocaine OD
lesgoooooooooo. I hope this is true lol. when do your calls expire and when'd you buy them?
Is that why spy is dumping right now ?
u only lose if u sell
Just a casual 8% day. Buy at the top did ya?
RKT earnings and Funko earnings are 2 sleepers that will POP!
to the coreeee
Aged poorly
VXX BOIS WE RISE
Your mom is a real money maker.
Found the backwards old mysogynist☝🏻
PUTS on automod!

Market will open early tomorrow too!
Why tf are my apple 150c 1/22/22 dying when the stock barely drops like 10 cents. Stock dropped like 10 cents and my leaps dropped like $50
I’ve been in the same 5-7 dollar range for 3 hours.

Is this what normal investing feels like?
1% owns 50 % of stocks and the 1% are not kids or memes
dont quit, follow my advise,

you get call for tomorrow rally, it is guaranteed to happen

Depend on the outcome of tomorrow, I will let you to get put or call
Into a wine glass
It appears not many wanting to hold those bags thru the election 😢
I’m Diamond handing all apple amazon google shares. With time they are all winners. Weather the storm.
What will it be tomorrow sir
Hertz is up 32%... too late to get on?
Oh it's true, it's true.
No wtf
How can you look at wti and say we gonna crash
Last 15 mins of trading before election day. Its going to be fun.
It’s got that, too high too soon thing. 
But also got that, why would I stop now thing. So tough to say.  $36 is over 2 standard deviations away from its mean value over the last 3 months. I shorted ZM, FVRR & PTON a couple weeks ago for the same reason & scored big. Also did it with TSLA this Summer & got slaughtered. So, as always... 🤔
Yooo for real wtf.
Nope
Yo retard, Massachusetts doing another lockdown. Buy puts for free money
But how do I keep the wine cold. Also, I've never drank wine
.....
Calls on charmin
Im not making a post, but Funko Pop is going to murder their earnings and then give a stellar forward looking guidance.
It's what he needs to get back to only 50% down and not have his wife's bull move in permanently.
RKT bouta pop off 🚀
No dookie? Wow, gotta be Longview
TLRY 11/6 calls printing. Atleast something I have is...
When you make money, do you consider it “organic growth”
Just realize there is an infinite amount of more opportunities in the future. It’s not like you had a business idea and someone did it before you and now you’re shit out of luck. There will always be big market moves in either direction to make a killing off of, it’s literally endless. Stop thinking of it like it was your one chance that you missed, because there are actually things in life that you only get one shot at, but making a good trade in the stock market isn’t one of them.
But what about the collateral they ask for?
Thats how you feel whem you eat a bag of 'whole shebang' chips in the slamma
Uber puts ahead of the California measure?
You mean the 5,000 cars delivered, yes. Although this report was released last week.
Should I dump my 100 apple shares for a 9% loss and move to a real money maker?
Thats why I'm not making tendies and banging hoors, I'm not using the D.E.N.N.I.S system
Once every 4 years cums the greatest day, Erection Day. The only day it’s socially acceptable to show them off in public with pride. 

Big or small the mods love them all
Last minute pump or dump either way my ass will get gaped
Soda can and a straw you jabroni.
Quick snap to VIX again, he dumps it off in the flat to UVXY who carries it for a gain of 6 but he doesn't get out of bounds! The clock still running and Michael VIX hurrying back to the line!
🥵 dump pls
Still, idc if my son or daughter is gay, straight, bi, trans, religious, right or left, hell they could identity as a dragon for all I care but they are gonna learn the values of hard work and not be a pornstar failure.
Excellent pun. 10/10
This isnt the "Make A Wish Foundation"
#####BMW 328i
Keep in touch with me brother
Penis Circumcision
im playing this through a deep itm put credit spread for march 92.5/90p collect around 2$ for 2.5$ spread width. 1.9k can make up to 8k in profit.
Good enough for me
uh..
Up 7k on 7k or up 7 on 100k? I'm up 6k on 30k so I'm feeling okay.
There she goes
im in,
I should probably just use a day trade here but of course Im not gonnna
For reals, they even have the manual resistance wheels, similar to what I had in the 80s. Shit is trash.
VOTE CHAD
go to AA
Bulls getting MOLLYWHOPPED rn
and when flat, manipulation
follow them on twitter. I'll need to download that app. Thanks.
200 meters is like 300 feet, you need to call the police
What's a PC

Edit: oh its print calls
tim apple pls. you're going to make me return my lambo
Brilliant! Perfect as an ear pice. Little cost for chocolate too.
Uhhh is the market still open
Burry under  $329
[removed]
[removed]
Hold my beer
Puts on Massachusetts
Coo coo coo. Guess I’m bagholding these nio calls I bought at the top like a whipped little bitch. Serves me right for listening to you retards
Like I have a choice...these bags mighty heavy
Imma guess AAL
You already know where this is ending...


328
[removed]
[deleted]
If you really wanna be prepared:
1. Buy protection before ( monthly, not FD’s ) 
2. Follow 🏳️‍🌈🐻s newsletters
3. If you’re too retarded to understand all the charts and stuff, make sure too look at dxy and lqd - lately, when they go up, market goes down
Nope. Green days for green all the way
it's funny because it's true
Yeah b/c they haven't beat earnings in the last two quarters.

But they will (should) this time.
[deleted]
trash co, buy hear instaede
Fukk, I thought we were supposed to just roll over and play dead
[deleted]
[deleted]
And I'm saying that would be cum worthy
i feel like that would be outweighed by their desire to switch to 100% clean energy
uhm mods, DST seems to have fuk your bots.   new thread up too early.
amzn is edging, trying to get an epic nut
one step ahead of you
If I wanna start drinking wine, but don't want my family to know. What do I do
[removed]
We arent going to dump
Chicken mayo?
I am a changed man now. lol
Wake me up when November ends
Fckkk what does spy do on the 3rd????
Everyone always says move on to the next trade but nobody ever does.  In 20 years you’ll be telling the guy in the carb board box next to you how you could have made millions if you just put $1k into a colored mattress company back in March 2020.  Then he’ll stab you for your last can of beans.
that was fuck you dumb satire
XLK
haven’t bought yet i’m waiting near close to buy. ACB already down 3% waiting for cheaper calls
Staying home again? Calls on marijuana stocks
Spy 315 tmr
Lemme guess you also spend 2 hours trying to figure out if Costco is cheaper than Sams?
lol man that is crazy....who would drop that kind of cash for calls on this pig 800+ days out, crazee
like wtf
Yolo twtr puts?
stupid WSB bot didn't account for daylight savings time. lol
Why?
Cringe as fuck, who the fuck buys etfs noob
I didn’t know refrigerators were susceptible to viruses
Nice one put the handles over the plastic now your gonna have plastic bits there forever
curfews occurring in MA again. other states might follow. lockdowns in EU already. is it time to get calls on ZM or wait until the EOW?
$329 support literally unbreakable. It's made of steel.
Come on dump hard
Depends on certainty going up or down. If mango throws a hissy fit, expect some short term turbulence.
Oh you rich rich
they're reporting ER tonight, gonna be big
Jesus of Suburbia
Real shit, not to mention this volatility eating up profits every second
SQQQ
Fuck. CRSR fucked me today. If you’re looking for an entry point this is prob it, or maybe get greedy and wait for it to go a little lower. I’m picking up sub 3000 amzn shares.
are TWTR puts still a play?
I would never ever buy an appliance from Samsung ever again. 

Their stuff doesn't just fail, they have a big arrow pointing to the component of the PCB that is going to fail to make it easy for their repair staff to fix it (and they will sell you a new component for half the price of the appliance).
theres no close yet
Loll hey man you got fucked my the printer, you should know.
Its always sunny on wsb
When you can’t afford a new position unless your current position does some really unlikely shit. SAD!
Inconceivable!
Be careful of the digital inverter! It’ll make your account go red!
What’s that site to see the politicians trading patterns in comparison to overall market performance?
Fucker you couldn’t tell us? Whore!
Tsla puts
Who?
440 resistance, me thinks. But i am a paper handed bitch thar sold my puts on a fake pump so, take w a grain of salt

Edit: 440 support
Be greedy when others are fearful, and fearful when others are greedy
Oil wins, /CL up 9% from the low is ridiculous with lockdowns
Sounds like you’ve got it all figured out 🍻
no, people are not buying calls, they r getting put and a lot of them

get calls and you will win,
You can't fall into that shit really. Would of could of should of doesn't mean shit. Just gotta move on.

Don't get tunnel visioned on past shit find new opportunities ahead of you.
look up the definition of "value trap"

good luck with the position either way
RIP tech:

XLK 111p 11/20
Too many “mArKeT rIgGeD” comments from perplexed 🐻s that can’t seem to understand that a 3 sigma drop last week priced in worst case scenario. Market realizing it’s not the end of the world and buying the fucking dip. Plus shorts too stupid / greedy to take profit last week are now covering.
Which airline is the most shorted? Looking for a squeeze opportunity.
I’m not saying that exactly. They could, I just don’t see it. Even if Biden wins, you’ve got a long road before the entire country can purchase legally. 

And one big factor to not to forget, *many states already allow residents to grow their own. If people can grow their own weed, your neighbor Leroy is going to be the one banking. The big boys will be great for medical supply, and I hate to say it, but probably priced in my guy. 

It’s a plant bro
Are there gonna be green dildo also at 45 lets see
in the words of the ghey bulls : " PAHMP EET!"
Boy EXCELLENT protection for VIX as he cuts back to his left, and he's gonna tuck it and run for a short gain, it'll be second down, time is working against Michael VIX here!
Green today means red tomorrow
Pretty sure watch replaced the shuffle but good try
So like, is The Hunt For Red October over?
problem is our economy is based on reckless and wasteful spending
...trips over his dog, spins, pulls out a gun...shoots it..
Plz up
20 min to go and it wouldn't surprise anyone if spy closed at 323 or 335. EOD madness in coming no matter what
Not necessarily.  If biden wins and there is a red senate, stimulus talks will probably have to wait all the way until Feb or March after inauguration. Then biden has to punch it out with a hostile senate who'll dig in their heels. By the time all of that is done, the GOP senate might just say no stimulus because it'll bail out blue states and it'll be spring by then, plus there may be vaccine data as well.
Doubt people want to hold overnight today
1k on puts. Whats should I buy that isn’t shitty SPY ?
If Mango loses its gonna be a penny stock
username checks out
Massachusetts dump

***Massachusetts governor announces stay-at-home advisory, according to NBC***
> Just not give a fuck? 

Pretty much. Beating yourself up over it isn't helpful.
Just moved 10K from my margin account into my TFSA and bought ETFs lmao we out here being an adult n shit
Just hope for bad earnings and buy a bunch of cheap shares and become a boomer. In a year you'll have some solid gains
I would wait to see where it goes after we have a vaccine in a month, 700 range is possible after post-Covid well off
LMAO
As a college student, I can confirm. It’s either calls on dating apps or puts on your sex life.
anyone else gonna short weed stocks?
you holding through tmrw
Some people are going to get blindsided by IV crush.
Riots on some scale will happen no matter who wins.
Rockets and China are gunna make me my $ this week. NIO $34 11/13 and RKT $20 11/13 calls baby! I’m finally up and having a nice Green Day because of Dunkin calls from last week and I can actually afford to go buy a cup of coffee this week. Fucking morons over at r/investing think they are so smart and like I don’t know what a call is... it’s fucking money that’s what it is I’m still up 7k this year after losing my ass all October the blue harvest moon has brought us peace in the world until Thursday, or mango could still tweet something stupid in the next 50 min still and fuck my good day up I’m rambling now just smoking a blunt I should be getting ready for work if your still reading this I don’t know why I’m just kinda wasting both your time and mine but that’s okay because you probably are still reading this thinking what the fuck. What’s your favorite Green Day song?
Will there be a big ole IV crush after erection?
Clear cut winner in election good for stimulus
Lol youre so late
No chance, it’ll take a while
What is your reasoning behind that? Just curious because you sound confident.
When you find out the answer lmk cuz I'm the same way
damn zoom almost hitting the 55dma on the 1 year. tempting for a december c spread
TWTR about to get delisted
[deleted]
are we gonna regret holding cannabis stock lol
#OCTOBER SURPRISE
While I happen to think you're right, CNN Investing is not the source to prove any of that to anyone here
👋🏾
My uncle works at Peloton. His job is to glue an iPad to the front of each exercise bike.
Another day another autist eradicated from this sub
Sorry. Plus shorts that were too dumb to take profit last week covering.
[removed]
unless you have cannabis calls
It happens. If your going to be trading awhile get used to it cause it will happen a lot more. You can also lose your entire account to. Live with what you got and always be happy on any gains
that's the way
ZM down at least 3% 4 days in a row. Haven't checked the charts but this should be oversold by now.
Imagine if SPY closed red 😎
359 but who knows if puts or calls are going on sale
Still a downtrend, up $1 today and you need 17 more in 4 days to break even.

Odds are against you.
[removed]
[removed]
Market open bloody tmr
Webbed Down syndrome hands
Every day ⚡️
Is a blue wave bullish for oil? More stimmy = more demand?
MSO’s been in uptrend for 6 months solid.
Hey kid want to make some easy money? Buy spy call rn and sell first thing in the morning lol
WSB loaded to the urethra with puts 

👀
last call fellas, inverse inverse inverse!!!!!

you get call when everyone buys put, a lot of puts have been bought today.

Simply inverse WSB and you win.
Props to keeping this up all damn day
I’m out of my puts. No telling what will happen tomorrow.  Can be “market lower on election uncertainty” or “market higher pricing in Biden win”
Election     Election    Election
People think 3k  amzn is cheap therefore people must also many other stocks are cheap (tsla et al.). So there are willing buyers and willing buyers drive price up.

Calllllllls
does TWTR have even a chance of coming back anytime soon?
You become numb to it
[deleted]
Pussy
all I'm saying is there are unusual option calls on NVDA and puts on AMD expiring from similar dates and that I think these have to be related to AAPL's event next week
Bro what the hell????? Takin my fame???? That's it,  I'm gunna half to 1 up this!!!!
yea fck man now i work this shit til close at 04:00 (out here) cant we get rid of DST, I mean it was useful when created but now not needed.
[removed]
Anyone here mostly trade SPY?
Facts bro, holding underlying shares is really king. No theta or IV crush to worry about
To everyone who bought those ACB puts I sold, thank you for your donation
*DRILL DRILL DRILL*
I'll take 1/15th of one share please!
Massachusetts doing another lockdown
That vxx guy has made today pleasant
when does the flash sale start?
First down, quick snap to VIX, Michael VIX looking downfield, spin move, gets out of a tackle, he's dancing around in the backfield, makes another man miss, eyes still downfield....
You ever been so excited that your tongue feels a little like you've touched it to a 9v battery? Feel the energy.
But can it run doom. Or Jin yang suck it.
short interest is at historic levels for VIX
[removed]
We’re talking Apple the company started by Steve Jobs right? Just want to make sure.
Wednesday will see the largest single day gain in the history of spy. 8% by 1pm
What the fuck are you doing NIO
Yeah, it’s currently 11/2.
pass dat CRON
Idk man..it's actually too undervalued. I bought leaps in july when it dipped from 43 to 36. Very small insignificant amount. Perhaps I'll just sell on this bounce
you spoke the truth and they crucified you
Hey you guys can cuss me out because I know I’m being stupid but question. How do you guys deal with missed opportunities and trades ? Hindsight is 20/20 I’m aware but I actually tear myself up for missing opportunities that could change my life. How do you get over those dumb thought loops ? Just not give a fuck?
NIO NOV 6 31P literally free money
I guess flat till elections
Why do you say that? The price has been pegged since the google deal was announced and isn't that deal under review in Europe until until next year? 

If you have other info please share!
I'm liking this candle. Would've been nice if we had a few of these guys consecutively tho
They did and every state but co is betting Trump wins 350k bets
Nice man. I saw a post about two weeks ago to get into it. And I was going to. But then just plain forgot. Sigh. Oh well.
CGC
## thanks for the update
IVR is almost one of the top tickers with most money thrown at it to not move.. there’s a reason this is undervalued, the same reason it’s always undervalued it’s not new
Fake news
Until tomorrow then they will go grrr
Yes, I am still holding DKNG so it will stay flat until I give up and sell
There is a case where we may not know who is the president until end of this week. This week will be chaos both in the market & outside.
It's like a fleshlight but it moves
I love this sub
[removed]
GME green dildo into close I will never ask for anything again till Wednesday
I need 20 bagger, drop this bitch
Market is fucked up but that dont mean everything going down like odoyle. But i am truly aretarded
Die you piece of shit SPY die
Truffle mayonnaise
[removed]
im gunna be honest boys, options are retarded. Just dropped 10K in NIO shares.
Dude I understand. As parents keeping them off the pole and sex work is the number one concern. And it is shameful. But as long as they are not getting hurt and manipulated into doing something crazy and/or illegal, let them be. As much as I effing hate only fans. It is the safest way in that industry to work. Make sure he/she knows your on their side else they’ll just do the opposite you want. Kids be doing stupid ass shit since the beginning of time. But I ain’t in your shoes so wtf do I know.
It's had a meteoric rise so knowing where it will settle at is next to impossible. Reasonable? Eh I guess.
Guaranteed +8% profit if I get assigned
My highly otm SLV calls only -80% now...breaking out the canned dog food tonight!
IMO ppl gearing up for massive civil unrest is out of touch. What do you guys think?
If you think what’s happening right now is that simple you truly belong here
Bears are so quiet compared to this morning.
the metric is the 3 months leading up to Oct 31, not the day before
Tomorrow should be flatter than your sister's ass until 10 mins before close. Wednesday will be red because of all of the retarded people who will freak out that the election does not actually end tomorrow and start shooting shit up.
It’ll hit 120 before the month is over
##My sister-in-laws best friend works at the election and she says it’s going really well.
twitter pls
Bullish.
I hate when they give away the ending in the trailer
Spy 315 2020 🇺🇸
You have taken the first step to success, respect yourself.
yup, M up when people buy puts and down when people buy calls.

This sub been too bearish since Friday and I knew exactly time to get calls.
[deleted]
AMC - Give me a reason why I shouldn’t YOLO. Market cap is $267 million right now, a steal if they do make it.
You just triggered the WSB libs lolz
My UVXY sh*res need a Hail Mary
https://twitter.com/michaeljburry/status/1323027584804794368
[deleted]
[deleted]
Paper hands?
shit gon get CRAZY tomorrow. get your popcorn wooo!
Oof, good luck.
Assuming IV gets lower, yes.  Is it a guarantee that IV lowers post election?
I like to live dangerously
They deftly maneuver and muscle for rank, fuel burning fast on an empty tank
[deleted]
Which one of you autists should I listen to? Im just too retard to decide
[removed]
Or man? When did women get the priority to be mentioned first
yeah, also AMD all stock purchase of XLNX is a huge L to stockholders.
The undatables

The show is wholesome as hell at some moments and depressing at other times
[deleted]
Why is AAPL so gay
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PYPL   200.0|4.35|4.45|4.4|0.97|104.097%

**Unusual option activity detected on the PYPL 200.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

PYPL 200.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxmcgl&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Time to just load up on Vix in case of any surprises lmao
my dawg
Lol at all those salty bears
I own most of those

MPLX already made me $10k today, so I doubt I'll be disappointed.
[removed]
Today is a cash gang kinda day.
Is 825-850 reasonable for Shopify?
its looking for a bottom

If you have Nov 20 or later calls you are gucci - just gotta wait a bit
It’s not that hard to understand. 3 sigma drop last week priced in worst case scenario. Market realizing it’s not the end of the world and buying the fucking dip.
[removed]
I have CRON, and I sold the covered calls for $6 strike and my cost basis was only $5.55 so I'll make 45 cents per share if I get assigned, which is not bad in my opinion. Or I don't get assigned and I get to keep the premium and the shares. Either way I'm happy.
[deleted]
any reason not to buy PYPL 200c 11/6? can't find one
Markets don’t look one day into the future and decide what to do
woa gold dick sucks is knifing down atm.....
CoNtEsTeD
I’m more of an 11/6 guy
Bought puts now
really spy really
Apple doesn’t do surprises
This is fucking insane
https://twitter.com/JudeDwain/status/1323350195812265984?s=20

> BREAKING - National Guard arrives at McCormick Place in #Chicago
flat since futures opened :/
Yep all shares. Added to previous positions. 900 shares rocket now.

Thanks for vote of confidence.

I also have a few 11/20 24c rocket calls and a few January 60/65 Raytheon calls.
explains the unusual AMD puts and NVDA calls I saw coming in today
*MASSACHUSETTS GOV. ANNOUNCES STAY-AT-HOME ADVISORY: NBC 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
[deleted]
Rumor going around they may leak election results tonight
Sure!  Feel free to reach out to me on discord at Pickmojo#7553
250 EOD
Expected SPY movement in the last 25 minutes is $1.5.
Well ill shoot that hope right back down. 1987 did not have the JPOW effect. SPY to the moon with our tax rate
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh... 

Apple are using their own chips from their phones for their next computers. They've always use AMD graphics for like the last 10 years. It'd be great if they used nvida for the cuda + their own cpu. But that's nto what you're saying
it's not a lotto, it's a fact!
probably scared for their calls
Have you looked into all of those..? Because I think you’ll be disappointed
People buying calls rn - why?
No, I shoulda googled though, ty for the link.

I just didn't realize buybacks went that big.  $1B seems a bit surreal to me, but I guess it's more common than I thought.
We'll get through this, brother. Have faith.
Nice drop there in the last 5 min. Let's see if it continues.
Who wins the election (incumbent or challenger) If the market closes green before election day? Anybody know the stats
How lonely do you have to be to see unknown number and then eagerly answer the phone?
This is fucking insane
MuH cALlS!!
Third and short, VIX completes the pass to the left side to SPY and gets DRILLED by Softbank on a blitz, they made the first down but Michael VIX got the worst of it here and he's slow to get up
Shhhh let them learn, I had to learn the hard way and they want to as well. The tax system for weed in the USA is shit. Unprofitable. Canadian hosted stocks dilute like a motherfucker. Look at ACB or ETHHF both have 15x their original share count AKA the stock is worth 1/15th of the original not counting their share price tanking. Followed by reverse stock splits. 

LONG CGC, PLNHF, GRWG
Going down bro
VIX back on the menu.
How are they “extra” votes?
MARCH IS BACK  

&#x200B;

PARKER LEWIS CAN'T LOSE
10k in investments 
Other 4K in gambling.... or depression?
You're a mad man
Fellow WSDers stay safe. We don’t want to lose any one of the rare 1million species exists in this sub.
Here comes the EOD dump bois!
Stock up on puts! Or go full cash gang.
Gambling man, wait for Wednesday to place your bets and not lose 60% of $500 to IV crush
EOD pump it is.
Had my finger on the trigger for SE puts and went with NIO calls.  What a stupid ass decision that was.  Knew it at the fucking time too and because of PDT ban couldn't sell my NIO calls when I was briefly up, would have had to take a buy ban.  

Stupid ass PDT rules man.
diamond fucking hands, god speed
You can sell any call above the ones you own
Oblivion Fingers?
Mods forgot to adjust for fall back time change. 

My portfolio forgot to adjust for me being retarded
Got out of CGC
DRILL TEAM SIX FLYING IN! 🛩 
DRILL TEAM SIX FLYING IN! 🛩
amazing
i guess the wave is poots
Multiple possibilities.  But only one sure thing.  Stimulus will happen either way
Are they confused what happening tm?
[deleted]
DOOMPTIT
Link
#timber
SPY 450 is easier to get to than spy 280.

Path of least resistance

For real though 🌈🐻s
$40
Bag holdin into Election Day
Im in 328p not selling till 359, also wat happened other thread
FIT bout to pop off
I’m dipping my Johnson in a chocolate fondue and selling the chocolate casting for trading money
Acb puts when trump wins and bans weed
had no idea michael burry turned into a huge trump supporter
Yall be waiting for the crash.. bunch of pussy ass bears in disguise.
March is back.

PARKER LEWIS CAN'T LOSE
Bearlection election erection it is
Who gave laxatives to SPY?
I thought box spreads were banned SMH
I’ve been chasing that feeling of my first loss for 8 months now, no matter how much I lose it just never feels the same
Prime dumping hours
Does anyone here own Nio 2023 calls?
No... clocks were set back yesterday and the mods are idiots
Yeah but the Mods are all fucked up
Massachusetts announced stat at home order.. puts baby
^(\[Laughs in IV crush\])
Too many “market makes no sense” comments.  

11/6 SPY and QQQ calls ENGAGE.
Pypl covered calls probably a good idea pre earnings..
looks like automod forgot to change the time for his posts
I go to the World Trade Center to trade.
Dude it’s fucking ridiculous
[removed]
poof red dildo incoming
[deleted]
Damn, you weren't kidding. Good catch.
Y2K or daylight savings? All in Enron!
ACB yes or no? IV is 220% which is terrible
Reluctantly crouched at the starting line Engines pumping and thumping in time
its nov 3 here, you still in nov 2?

 lol
Oh my
They price in the worst outcome
I’m stuck in the dryer and AMD is my step bro today :(
I thought it was going to be this week?

Huge options volume for this week.
i did bruh,  i got these puts 2 weeks ago
Holy shit
 A large number of people, certainly the majority of the political looter class, think the best way to deal with the rapidly deepening economic crisis is via 'stimulus packages'...This is a bit like treating alcoholics by urging them to buy more whiskey
Repeat of Friday guh
Puts on mods
Not sure if you guys saw but Biden would restore tax credits for TSLA and GM... So that would obv be a good time to get calls.
[removed]
PRICED IN!
I never go to cash gang.

At worst, I go to "Cheap Warrants" gang.
[deleted]
stock crashing in the 2 minutes since you posted this, lol
It’s still today
God it's been such a long time even super
I mean we kid about the market being retarded but god damn
Sounds gay.
Can they drop it off at the door or something? Sorry, hope you feel better dude
Why would AMD go up on that news? If anything, apple might push the desktop trend to move to ARM away from x86. So NVDA calls are the move.
[removed]
People that know what they’re doing
100 328p, and im not fuck9ng selling till 359
##eod dump
Cuz you thought it would go down. Really is that simple.
$FSR gonna gap up tomorrow
Bruh theres a new thread up
DRILL TEAM SIX FLYING IN! 🛩
see the comment I left on the other user on this thread. just my dd haha
« Chinese company »

« Unaudited financials »

PASS
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
FIT   8.0|0.01|0.02|0.01|0.0|35.257%


FIT 8.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxlwdp&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Crushed or cubed IV...Fill ‘er up!
Why are we in the "moves tomorrow" thread??? Time travel? Did the market close?
yeah you may be right. I'm just trying to figure out why there are so many calls expiring from 11/20 and after on NVDA and puts on AMD from 11/20 and after. AAPL just announced that they won't be using INTC chips so INTC is completely out of the picture for now. it's either AMD or NVDA, and I think option flows explain NVDA will get the deal imo but let's see! good luck to both of us
He'll send out a stream of angry tweets then suddenly pop up in moscow to escape justice and whine his guts out.
zig before the final 10 minute zag
Chili's? Look at this high roller.
Can one not even dream??
Which one of you retards bout my FIT 8c 11/20 that have been at a penny for two weeks the second it went to two cents.
*States literally mobilizing national guard for the election fallout*

SPY: green it is

I’m bag holding my puts

[edit: they’re also building a wall around the White House to stop people from storming it. Normal times!](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/jmrdn7/nonscalable_fence_to_be_erected_around_white/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
I see a short-term rebound, as in just for the upcoming days overall
That dudes name is tien lol
It's true
Don’t. Get calls. MM always inverse us. This sub is too bearish. No way MM allows them to make profit.
SEDG
I have to watch so many tickers. Now because of f`d up Auto Mod I have to watch 2 discussions thread in parallel as well. Ban this auto mod !
Nnn though?
Bought 1 share of AMZN. I’m going to be rich.
Yea my guy.
200C 11/06
Tim apple should eat a dick
okay, clown.
if WBA hits 40, the market overall will be at ATH.

yes, too optimistic
IVR calls

STNG calls

FREE Warrants

RDHL Shares

BCLI Shares

FUSE Warrants

MPLX Leaps

I could go on and on.
Right, with this IV, and noone knowing which way we're going
[deleted]
You think weed stocks will go down if Biden wins?
We will open green
[deleted]
Fukkkk
Trxmp win will be bullish for AMZN
thanks man, you too
I have covid. Want to get high. Can’t get weed delivered without infecting some poor woman
Cant wait to dOuBlE dOwN
They're not gonna do anything. Gun control is just a push to get suburban votes. It's why if you check any of their plans, it's all vague. There's no concrete on what exactly they're gonna do.

All that talk about Beto and he's just gonna be an adjunct professor at some random school in Texas, he ain't even part of Biden's planned cabinet.
Uhh I’d give u mine but I just flushed my bad
Played a dkng free game ln for the first time ever and won $500 lmao
 gonna throw it all at some dkng puts
im getting a debit spread at 330p/327p after the closing pump 11/9, should i drag out exp date or leave it 11/9
AMD gonna print 🤘
Regenerons “miracle cure” can only produce 50,000🤦
I bought when it hit 31 and I’m up about 100$ so far
[removed]
Decent risk of getting assigned next week.  Earnings for ACB and CGC.  If they shit the bed it will be bad.
Obvious manipulation if this closes just above 330
Own chips
W
stock falls AH on earnings and your first thought was to buy/hold calls before election ?
I hate this market I officially quit. I cant do this anymore fuck you market manipulators

Edit: just sold my puts before the mini dump wow yup fuck this
Time to panic hedge from endless self-doubt.
LMFAOOO
Will fap if green AH.
What the fuck is crsr doing? My calls are dying
Aint shit priced in because there are a fuckton of scenarios

1) biden win/blue senate

2) biden win/red senate

3) trump win/blue senate

4) trump win/red senate 

are all possibilities that each have significantly different impacts on the economy.  and if the elections are close it means an added layer of uncertainty since it'll be contested.  there is nothing priced in atm. then we still have corona virus in the background raging out of control.  pfizer and moderna are supposed to report results in Nov.  If they're bad we are fucked.
AMZN/FB/TQQQ calls
Amd ????
Last two EOD pumps seem to legimatey hurt my wallet sooooo
SPY pumps 50 cents in 20 seconds just like that. Imagine thinking bears have any chance at all.
I just doubled down on SNAP puts.  Mine are dated 3 weeks though.
Handles forming everywhere! Buy!
Why not both?
Couldn’t tell you personally, I’m almost finished with the base game but if it’s more anything I’m playing right now I’d imagine it’s worth getting. My friend gave it a good recommendation.
you are definitely living up to my expectation of you lmaoo
own chips. https://www.theverge.com/2020/6/22/21295475/apple-mac-processors-arm-silicon-chips-wwdc-2020

MO-NO-PO-LY
[deleted]
I sure fucking hope so or puts on me
I’m eating water soup with a glass of air tonight
Scribbles TSLA in green crayon on my mail-in ballot.
All stocks moon tomorrow 100% guaranteed
Oh, okay okay relax. Alright.
i think Wednesday will have the most impact on iv
At least buy puts that last past this week if you're so gamble-y
The green light flashes, the flags go up
Churning and burning, they yearn for the cup
his mom
Everything is green
🤡
apha my bro
Everyone's rushing into the market  day before the election :D
Nice job programming the AutoMod you cucks
Can we just do a coin flip?? I don't really want to wait that long to find out who wins
Powerful Facebook boomer energy on 2012, lol.

Imagine thinking Mr. "sure insurance and pharma, you can tax the citizenry directly" Obama was a negative for the market. All to shed a tear for Pierre Delecto...
hope so
End of Nov for me 😪
Giant shrek dick incoming cause bears like to get fucked
Lmao you waited the whole day to post that with confidence, didnt you?
Calls on AMD 🧐
Nintendo DS gang checking in
ZBRA
I’m starting to see why mms took their money out
Sell and hope you can jump in quick enough before it moons
well most "stock news" is written by braindead retards, so be the change you want to see and write one
>What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, November 03, 2020

raiding guitar center
If it's ever federally legal aurora would hit 500 in a matter of days
We’re gonna get some crazy swings in AH
>"Amazon, UPS, and Wal-Mart will be announced after the 40 day post IPO quiet period ends." Merger was 9/28, so that would be 11/7. Former White House Chief 0f Staff, Former Schneider CEO, Publix CEO, and ALL top notch talent are on the board or hold high level positions."

Do you have any source for this other than random pumpers dreaming on stocktwits or yahoo finance?
Go home, you’re drunk!
Starting the tomorrow thread before market close? Bot must not be used to daylight savings.
fReE mOneH
I’ve been perma bull
 their own chips? Or amd chips?
Trump and Biden victories priced in 🤪
Roll your CSPs man
I sold some OTM calls @ 36 this morning. Feel pretty good about it... so far. 🤔
Who is actually buying right now ?
like what?
US
AW1-12
Remove The Protective Film Before Using It
Any thing can happen in last 30min. Who wants to hold bags before election night.
Walmart pulled ammo and guns from their stores gives a clear view of this elections.
paypal
Big green candles at 2:45, 3:00, and and 3:15 exactly. MM algorithms mind fukkin' us.
Fuckin nerds
[Spy Calls or puts?](https://strawpoll.com/x6hqbwqyw)
Amazon already had their best year ever and that’s without q4!
btfd
STNG, earnings in 3 days and they are trading at half of book value.

I did Nov 20th $8c.

IVR is also good, do Nov 20th $3c.
Nice effort, would read again
What a waste of a day
Fuck bears are
He also said he wouldn't shut things down.
and now at 30....
No shit wtf I asked if options will get IV crush TOMORROW u know due to the election...
Who here is thinking this is a bull-trap, and we drop tomorrow morning?
I was promised a fat dump
AAPL going to unveil mac without INTC processors. So calls on AMD & NVDA?
Too expensive
🔥💴
I don’t understand how I’m fucked even as theta gang
I just bought spy calls so he must be right.
I will need to stock up on some wine bottles tomorrow, it will be a long night.
Banzai Teen... Omg I thought this is some ...Teen movie stuff ... you understand.
[removed]
Welp bois if we open green tmrw I’m wiped out
$apha
Ohhhhh
**BULL CASE** 

$AAPL TO UNVEIL MAC LAPTOPS WITHOUT $INTC PROCESSORS NEXT WEEK
Dont do NIO puts you will get fucked.
Let’s pump this
Depends on how intense this runaway inflation is gonna be from all the fed fuckery
GME making the legendary trump face profile pattern...
I would pay a decent bit of money to see "Bears r fuk" in an article about stock news
EOD
Either SNAP goes to 38 tmrw or I declare bankruptcy, who you got?
37 sir
That’s what we’re expecting so it’ll probably moon to $332
ugh too lazy to go back, just noticed it confirming that 2000 buy.
but yea probably too otm to catch a breeze...
Tell that to RH auto-sell feature
Holy fuck I can't believe I set my clocks back for this shit.
huge cum shot if true
Call or Put?
Think about it guys..... 

$AMZN below 3000

Holidays coming up

Second locked down is inevitable 

Strong Q3 and good forecast for Q4

Possibly stock split in the future 





It’s going to be $4000 in 2021 or $10000 in 10 years from now
When you roll you play around with the strikes and dates until you're rolling for more premium. I only roll for a credit.
Friday you’ll have to scavenge for a pen too
[deleted]
Bullish divergence on the hourly. Fuck you bitches I'm hopping in.
[removed]
Joke's on them my calls went tits up
If you are cash gang right now, you're a pussy.

There is so much good stuff to buy
another one at 3:30 also... very suspicious
Just bought spy 400 jan 22 🔥💵
It's because they're censoring the right-wing and conspiracy theories.
Gimme an earnings play for today
AAPL has been using AMD GPU's for a while, and with the latest gen RDNA2 I would expect that to continue. I don't think they will switch to ARM on their flagship products just yet (Macbook Pro, and Mac Pro), nor do I think they will switch back to NVDA just yet.
🙊🙈 ✋
Expires some time next month actually
Battle for death, only one will remain victorious.
fuck it PYPL lotto it is
"un-sportsman like conduct on the offense. 15 yard penalty. remains 1st down."
Yes. I wouldn’t change because of one day.
Too many bears. I was bear but I don't think tomorrow dumps. Even if it does, it will go up more later this week
Yeah was wondering the same, how are they still worth 7b if they have no products and aren't doing anything.
Shitcoin going to win the election
When do y’all think spy will hit 1000, i think early/mid 2030s
You are an idiot just like Taleb.
Don’t buy weed stocks now if you aren’t in already I didn’t think people how to remind you of this
This is the kind of dd I look for here
place your bets
It’s beary suspicious that no major brokers have had any “outages” lately. 

Guess they’ll wait for a face-ripping rally to drop a bug fix.
Twitter stonk is ded
Yes.
SHANGHAI, China, Nov. 02, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NIO Inc. ("NIO" or the "Company") (NYSE:NIO), a pioneer in China's premium smart electric vehicle market, today announced that it will report its third quarter 2020 unaudited financial results on Tuesday, November 17, 2020, after the close of the U.S. markets.

The Company's management will host an earnings conference call at 7:00 PM U.S. Eastern Time on November 17, 2020 (8:00 AM Beijing/Hong Kong Time on November 18, 2020).

**NIO EARNINGS ON THE 17th AFTER HOURS**
Sell Nio? Or are we seeing 35 by eotw?

EDIT: I meant sell my calls, not sell calls to clarify
Worth it
You bought them expecting a certain election result, hold them.

Besides today’s volume seem to indicate insider buying from people who know the partial results from mail-ins votes.
Probably am going to buy NIO again at 32 and whatever it drops to tomorrow
We’re waiting till Friday before doing that.
mods gay and also not smart enough to handle daylight savings time
Will be funnier tomorrow
Instead of just selling a 185 put on tdoc, I sell a 185 put and buy a 180 put at the same time, for the same expiration. Because it's only $5 wide, it only uses $500 of my buying power. As long as TDOC closes above 185 by expiration, I make max profit. If TDOC is below 185, then I can roll out the position to a later date, and receive more premium to do it.

Edit: every position I posted is already profitable right now, one day later
Perfect dd. I for once expected more from wsbetters but bear is the new noob
We mooning! 🤠
Damn....DKNG gonna end red again isn’t it
Tienshinhan
Lowest you can?
All retards flock to CASH GANG. It's the only way we can survive this uncertain time. We'll have a party. Bring Your Own Elmer's Glue!
Reluctantly crouched at the starting line Engines pumping and thumping in time
twitter calls, please go up
Retreat to the basement! Go go go!
They fight in a ring 3 3 min rounds
supreme court
Just thought I’d remind folks that would actually like to eat some tendies tonight haha
Aapl 11/6 $120c
Nice
 Just now: U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen, a W. Bush appointee, has ruled Republicans lack standing to challenge 127k drive-thru votes cast in Harris County.
best of 5 shoot out

&#x200B;

that's why wal-mart removed the guns and ammo
my guess is that AAPL will be using NVDA chips on their MacBooks. no other explanation for unusual calls on NVDA expiring 11/20. AAPL even is next week.
Also iphone12 to record some lit war stories on instagram
No like the massacre at Tiananmen square
Jesus christ 190% IV on vxx calls.
Scared money don’t make money.
QQQ on Christmas mode rn. Jingle bells jingle bells 🛑🟢🔴🟢🔴🟢🔴🟢🔴 attention calls are fucked beyond belief, also, alert alert puts are FUCKED TOO
U know which direction cmon smaht guy
wsb still on daylight savings time
yes

or no
Depends which direction the market will swing
handy hands
Fake gay ass pump lmao
THIS!
IV isn’t that high right now...
PermaBulls scavenging the recrumpled applications from their trash tomorrow
Find out next time on N I O
The plastic is nice. Instead of finger prints you get ugly torn plastic that looks like your refrigerator just got back from a week on Jamaica with zero sunscreen.
Shopify‘s earnings were decent, no? Thinking about buying stocks for longterm at maybe 825-850.
Sold calls against 600 shares today. Gotta lighten these bags. And I know every buyer is lurking on this forum.
Somehow automod acting fucked up is making me want to buy more puts
lol Winter time.  you're so cute
Bullish...
What do you hear?
[deleted]
I want Sue Hererra to wrap her thighs around my head like a squid
Hope you’re safe. Bullish af tho
Explain plz
I've been bagholding for a month and lost half my investment
Pretty sure they also said to always inverse wsb
Lol gay mods don’t know about daylight savings...
[deleted]
Vicious eod dump incoming?
Idk
I fucking hope so. 

Started using ebay to buy shit this year and loved it. Checked out the options and figured fuck it, ill yolo into some EBAY 75C 01/15/21. Theyre dirt cheap and analysts have it around 64.

The site is very fucking smooth, they send relentless amounts of emails and notifications that bring you back into the app to keep buying shit you don't need, which keeps user engagement high.

Bagholding a ton of calls but they were cheaper than shit. Make em pop boys
MMs mind fukkin' you.
I think it's time to start going long again. Is COVID getting better? No. Are economies struggling? Yes. Are we in a recession? Yes.

All reasons for the market to go up, since it never does what the normie average fucks all think it should do.

Reason #2 is related to the above. All of WSB is now bearish. You can see it in the DDs. We saw the return of the retarded 5 paragraph GEX DIX LULZ bullshit bear porns over the weekend. Daily thread is cluttered with SeConD LeG dOwN downies. 

It's time to go long and defy odds and print cash while all the normies stay cash or worse, short. Yeah that makes sense on paper but in case your newbie ass hasnt learned yet, the market doesnt do what "makes sense".
Tech looking iffy. It’s because nerds at Silicon Valley don’t do cocaine.
Automod forgot about DST
Puts on automod
Second and long, VIX with the give to UVXY who carries it out across the original line of scrimmage before being brought down, and Michael VIX has to hurry up to the line, clock still running!
Fuck u AA
AMC callllllsssssss 😂😂😂 making money cause of this 300% IV
[deleted]
congrats on your $750  profits
I know it sounds rough, but better you teach him this lesson than someone else
It’s an actual news story. 

https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/02/investing/dow-stock-market-election/index.html
Filter, I AM YOUR FAJA
Just you
That one bitch on Bloomberg looks like Doug stamper
Anybody getting cannabis stocks for over night?
Dump
I know now :)
I use the unusual_whale app. Popped up there. It was right when that first candle hit. Not sure if they posted it to Twitter yet.
This is literally what I do, I buy 500 tsla and sell it same moment as I buy it at like 0.1 profit, lol
Oh that! Wait what is the name of the dbz guy? Is it not tianeman as well?
Who are you voting for
The highest strike available
Excuse me we diamond hand to zero here
If VXX runs to 26.40 by close, today's chart will be immaculate
https://www.arabnews.com/node/1757621

Craziness. Stay safe friend.
Don’t swing any big positions
Go with JETS airline etf
Coal
Is trading over in US ? Didn’t you Switches to Winter time yesterday ?
The day isn’t over why tomorrow’s thread already?
PayPal going up because people need money? Makes total sense.
Tech is bankrupting me so I hope all ur spy puts bankrupt you
BUY IT, THEN SELL IT, THEN BUY IT, THEN SELL IT AGAIN!
Suck a dick....
eod
One day 🙏
Senate is the key
Will all call/our options be fucked by IV tomorrow
New threads up
Achievement unlocked: You have been flagged as a pattern day trader
Weed stocks are like buying into farming.
Fuck no, bears r fuck - didn't you hear??
If those are shares than I'm confident you'll be a millionaire someday
[removed]
No, guaranteed money loss
And divorced at least once by then too.
Yep same, apha calls printed today
Can't afford a fridge but I've sticked it on my fax machine.
The level of pissed off im about to be when it dumps is gonna be astronomical
👏🏻don’t👏🏻forget 👏🏻to👏🏻take👏🏻profits👏🏻
Lol too optimistic?
Pussy Hands
I called green monday, red as hell rest of week. Time to see if im right
Think it’s Margin
Because it's up 77% at the moment...Even with today being green. Well, the 12/31 $250p is up, the 11/6 is down but that was a low cost high risk high upside play. I had $20 available cash to trade and said fuck it.
[deleted]
[removed]
IV crush is killing me
You retards always type with such confidence it makes me want to believe you
It’s literally going below 330 now
If you’re wrong you get banned since you think you’re so clever
But everyone knows about the laptop. One more thing is for surprises.
Why you so angry boy
What if the election is a tie????
Giant green candles came at 2:45, 3:00, and 3:15 exactly 🤔🤔🤔
[deleted]
Wouldn't it be Wednesday?
I literally planned to go full cash last week but then saw that WSB planned it to lmao
What I do is look for the first post about any underlying stock. Look for buzz words/phrases ‘too the moon’ or ‘drill team ready for duty’ then just inverse that
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323360629718159360

$AAPL TO UNVEIL MAC LAPTOPS WITHOUT $INTC PROCESSORS NEXT WEEK
Buy spy puts end of today or wait till tomorrow?
Weed stocks too low in my opinion. They should be high. Heh.
[deleted]
I want to buy 2023 Nio leaps, what strike do I go for?
SOL
Hmmmm
It's a horribly run company that has fucked over investors repeatedly, but it's pretty heavily shorted and has a pretty significant catalyst coming up, even if the US markets aren't a massive demand surge for Canada weed.

Already took profit upwards of 400% and put it in some tech calls for a month or two out.
Lol no tianeman square that picture w the guy in front of the tank
Positions or ban
rightttt
[deleted]
Here comes the retarded final 30 min pump ig
Get the fuck back in here 🌈🐻s,

 *and bring the mayonnaise*
ps vita
Theyre gonna pin it at 330. These fucks
Wait.  Which direction?
Yo there is some kind of small terrorist attack in vienna, austria right now. 200m from me :(
Wait for oil to crash tomorrow after this little pitiful rally today
[deleted]
Earnings beat didn’t mean shit ever. Not just in the past 8 months.
If you think Biden’s gonna win you ain’t black
If you wanna lose money then go ahead.
Remember that MM always inverses us. You key calls when everyone gets put.
[deleted]
No one talking about paypal?
Huh, weird....

SPY chart today shows it going up to just shy of 333, then dropping to near 327.
Is this the year weed stocks finally don't make people sad? Everyone I know voted to pass that shit. NJ is gonna go greeeeeeen.
[removed]
[deleted]
Fuck it. I’m holding my weed and EV stocks. If Bidens leading tomorrow shit will pump like crazy
First and 10, VIX rolls to his right, he's chased back to the left, makes a man miss and runs out of room and he's sacked!
Yup
No one is buying these garbage options. Only fools.
JKS, SWBI, ACB anything worth getting for tomorrow?
Lol somebody forgot to turn back 1 hour
Incoming rug pull last 10 minute of the market. Also af futures will be 2.9 negative. Spy will open at 320 and dump to 306 within 5 minutes of the bell. Circuit breakers will kick in and then another sell off to 280z Screen shot this and put it on your fridge
wtf BABA up almost 2% and calls are still red. Can't win
Snap volume has dropped off but still stuck around 40$. Fucking dump it
Many (well-off) people are saving money more than ever. At the same time, there's never been so many people unemployed and poorer than ever before.


The economy is like Riley Reids asshole it just keeps getting wider and wider. When shit builds up it's just gonna crash uncontrollably.
[deleted]
Fuck do I hold my CGC $21c for 11/20 or sell before election?
Looks like NIO setting up nicely for another 5% overnight move
Strength of market today is pricing in a Biden win? Or nah? I think so...so if 🥭🥭 man has any chance of winning Tues night the market will dump by Wed. IMHO
So everyone gonna sleep on jumanji?
Friday 20k investment into rocket, Raytheon, visa looking like a great decision 💪
Is this a dragon ball reference? The guy with green pj and 3 eyes?
Could've sold significantly better PLUG calls :(
tank bear is fuk
Still tons of upside but you better pray to Pappa Musk or whatever god you believe in that Blue wins the election
I just realized that in one month NIO is up 50%. Just crazy. God damn my paper hands.
And the price immediately sinks after
Major SELLOFF
Did you forget to reset your clock?
It’s projection
Bought 0dte SPY 330c for $0.25 and sold it for $0.85. It’s an achievement nowadays. 😂😂
lol no one is buying those. Check the bid/ask spread.
It’s a good investment even if held for only 3 months
What caused tech to tank today relative to other indices?
Even if you get the earnings result correct and the direction of the earnings stocks correct, is there a high risk that the market tomorrow can literally bring down everything?
Everyone must be eating mac & cheese, KHC mooning
Thinking calls too..
Shut your whore mouth
So I’m guessing we not dumping ?
NIO
So here it is, fourth and five with the game on the line deep in their own territory, Michael VIX alone in the backfield, he's gonna take the snap and cut back to his left and there's a lane, just enough for the first down and the bears stay in this game!
Ya I was being sarcastic on the original post lol 

You are exactly right. Fear is the greatest manipulator no doubt
Will all stock options get IV crush?
[deleted]
Rich people that buy and pump stocks couldn't give two monkey craps about the state of the economy, so they will continue buying and pumping regardless of whatever happens in the real world. Stonks are literally free money as long as you have a long term horizon (at least a month or more).
Today is the last day for rocket ships. Tomorrow will be flat. Wednesday will be the end. 

Think about it. It’s the storyline. “Trump has done so much for the economy. Look how awesome the markets performed. Then Biden won and everything went to shit.”

The next two months will be all of the heavys unwinding their shit before Biden comes in and then, who knows. But, I think this manipulation will be over after Biden wins tomorrow. 

At least, that’s how I plan on losing all my money this time.
SPY $250 Put??? Why?
So we're pricing in federal legalization? Soooo..... It's priced in...... I'm gonna light up walking down the road at close!!!
fds are the crack of the options market
[deleted]
SPY. Will run up until EOW I think. A lot of put expires EOW, that is when MM decides to tank.
Contest election priced in
That was satire you dumb fuck
It’s the 17th
I need your help fam, what strike and expiration do I buy for $UVXY?
sex products
Gains! Now time to sell everything and watch the market tank while we all spectate the cluster fuck coming from the election lol
Finally got my PDT flag expired today, going through September Techoning with that shit was nightmare mode.
Just say “No!” to bears giving out market tips to buy puts during a bull market.
Last $500 left, should I go SPY puts $328 Nov 4 or NIO puts $31 Nov 6?
Laptop bruh
yup
The fuck just noticed LL is up 15% today
Soon my friend. Gotta have a little patience
How the new expansion?
[Listen Here You Little Shit](https://imgur.com/a/NxJEtNX)
Weed is by side, it’s always been there

MC Chris
I don’t think double every year but the pandemic unequivocally was a huge positive for amazon and they deserved to moon. I believe under 3k a value.
*BABA, black sheep, have you any tendies???*

*Yes sir, yes sir, 3 baggers full.*
Did oil move about 8% intraday? Speculative 🧐
And if the Republicans win you are going to have riots.  Either way is going to be entertaining.
today landed 11/12 ACB 6c.  will try a flip on half after election, hold rest to earnings.
At this point, PFE being the first to get vaccine approval with data release being Nov 20 has to be the worst kept secret on Wall Street.
WAIT U GUYS DIDNT TELL ME WERE ROTATING OUT OF NIO😡😡
Inverse the reverse that’s the way
We mooning!
You kidding me?  This shit should be tanking like tianeman right now 😒
Markets still open brah
Amazon below $3000 is such a good investment for 1-5 years later on
is the market saying that amazon cant stay under 3k? or can we get a fat drop tomorrow when election is contested
Not high enough
This was a bear trap, playing a bear trap, disguised as another bear trap
LOL, the 20dte OTM calls I bought at the bottom are worth less now after the bounce cause the IV is dropping faster than the price is rising. IV is going to make playing this market a bitch
Apple's November 10th announcement is titled "one more thing..." which if you're not a big apple nerd, they ONLY use for announcing new product lines. Whatever it is, it's significantly new, not just updates. This might be where they show off the glasses for the first time.
Thank you for your service
good thing I’m a dog or else I wouldn’t have sold my spy puts before the green dildo
Ban mod
Just buy NIO leaps, wont go fuck wrong w it
FD $ACB !!!
Where's that guy doing play by play on the VIX? Looks like he just took a sack to run out the clock and lose the game
If I buy puts it'll go all SNAP on me.
See if holding my 2.5 AMC protective puts was a good or bad thing
Wait why is trading already over inUs?
[deleted]
Anyone else afraid of IV crush and going cash gang till wednesday?
God bless dude, good luck. i lost so much fucking money on this shit penny stock last year
Thinking about going all in on UVXY Shares
Wow anyone holding dgly??
Can I have lil recession? 

🐻👉👈
Lol was that you there? The womyn in that video looks like the mascot for your gay city of San Francisco
Yes
FEYE calls, sell on pop when mango pushes Russia/China interference
Mods getting cucked by daylight savings time smh
Oh yeah. That's definitely clear. Happens every time and everybody cries about it and panic-buys ammo... and nothing happens lol
Yeah I'm aware. Hopefully it sees 40 by next ER.
That AH pump omg

Spy sailing past 350 🤪
fuck i’m scared 😭 it has to rocket again tomorrow tho if biden has the lead
Illegal pump
[deleted]
Yes, calls calls calls. Biden win is priced in and if Trump pulls another surprise we will moon.
Yeah, those were today's moves.
Nah. This is the two largest hedge funds not wanting to print the largest hedge in history. The whole thing is rigged.
Nope. It’s WSB put/call ratio. You buy call when everyone thinking put. 99% of time works
Is this a joke?

www.investopedia.com/amp/news/10-stocks-poised-outperform-record-buybacks/
If I inverse the inverse of the inverse...is that poots or calls?
Guess I’m holding this shit until tomorrow...
We’ve held the line at 330 all day
Cash gang was the move, chillin out playing DOOM and completely forgot about the markets. Only things I got in play are 2023 leaps.
I'm disappointed in the lack of weed hype
Wow would you look at that. We are exactly where we opened at!
[deleted]
Google
Didn't say people would wait until today to dump large positions.

I said people wouldn't wait until today to open large positions.
aw shit here comes the dump
I have 2 years
You take that back right now
It needs to be alive and at $50 on Wednesday.
haven't you heard?
Dream team 6 what happened? I thought you guys were getting ready
Holy fuck there’s a rare grey dildo on the QQQ volume chart. Didn’t even know those exist
spy red ah calling it now
RKT Gang. Rise up 🇺🇸🚀
I chuckled hard the other day dropping my mac at the store for repair. People snapping up iPhones left and right with charger and charging pad as well. "Were saving the environment and reducing our carbon footprint by not including the chargers and headphones"

One part of me is thinking this is stupid as fuck going to cause more waste. Other part is thinking. Yep thats going to make bank now as people are going to want the addons.
VXX still mooning tomorrow
Wait so these were bought today??
Lol @ y’all crying about the price action. You had to know this week was gonna be volatile right?
Borg life is very bullish
When did you buy these?
No.
its gonna have that "after 4hrs still erect see a doctor" syndrome remainder of week
Maybe in a parallel universe
Im not losing money. I bought puts at 10AM.

And even if I were, that wouldn't be why this is manipulation.

Honestly, the people who cry "manipulation" every time the market moves are obnoxious conspiracy theorists. But the people who act like manipulation doesn't exist in the market, and it never happens, are even more delusional.
Thought Trump was the only one still using Twitter
Im in
Might cut my losses. This green fake rally is getting to my head, living rent free
wtf is the daylight savings messing up the creation of the new thread
MJ sky high AH
I used the Tim Apple device. It’s like a fridge but can’t hold any milk :(
Sweet. Liking my puts even more.
Good game bulls you guys win today
Death. Get VIX put and print
well mine is in puts...
Right on cue...
Civil war is bullish af. People have to spend money for equipments and food when going outside for riot. Stimulates the economy
Thank you
Will we be rich one day ?
So when is ETSY gonna go back to 140s?
Can’t decide between LUV or DAL calls. Does it even make a difference?
I’m holding all my CGC fuck it
What's a good site to check spreads on mortgage rates?
Thoughts on RKT?
SHOP under 900 long calls are free money, i will scoop for sure
use VTI with march exp. IV on those was less than 20% last time I looked.
😂🤡
After Kamala Harris becomes President, will we see the all black, gun roundup squads before or after Bill Gates puts microchips in everybody?

MSFT $250c 6/9
Unplug the PlayStation
Market mooning so hard 🌈🐻 mods want it to be the next day lol
I guess it was a lonely good call
welp, i bought puts begining of day. this is new news lmaooo
https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/1355284/vienna-terror-attack-shooting-austria-police-latest-synagogue-news
I haven't had a profitable trade since 2018
Throw some ETSY in there too
TSLA gunna be stupid green tomorrow
DGLY blowing it's tits off today.
Bear r fuk for like the fifth time today.
Do not believe everything you see. EVERYBODY BUT PUTS AT CLOSE 🚨
Gtfo with the doomer shit. A non retarded person can prepare this country better for responsible re-opening without egging on half the country with hoax and liberate bullshit.

The markets want something other than aimless nonsense for reopening. Clearly the markets we accounting for that.
ali g cutting out the middle man going straight to the tendies.
Buy TSLA when below $420. Sell TSLA when it hits $420.

Literally can't go tits up.
My plans are simple. 

If Biden wins I’m going to sell all my personal possessions and buying as many weed shares as I can. 

If trump wins I’m going to buy SPY 1/21 420 calls 

Good luck to whoever is holding through. You are retarded and I love you 😘
What’s up with this reversal? I do t have any open positions just wonderinf
Post examples of what goes on there.
Apha stock to the moon.  These calls are printing
Amc $7 eow
I wish. I need this fuckin squeeze
SPYs gotta close below 330. Where TF is the volatility!?
Bears r finally fuk?
man really that easy to trap ya, eh? A few green candles at 2:30?

blackrock loves ya
[deleted]
bought calls, sorry guys
THANK GOD FOR KIT KATS
Lol AMC dumping without earnings
link to data?
Ha ha...
Amazing an entire day of trading and we are up 7  cents since open.
Who here is thinking this is a bull-trap, and we drop tomorrow morning?
Ah
thanks, Ibkr was what I was thinking
Just cause you’re losing money doesn’t mean it’s manipulation
[deleted]
[deleted]
IV crush tomorrow. Everyone rekt, theta gang wins
vix ded or alive tomorrow?
Is automod the same bot that’s in charge of Robinhood on leap days?
how much OTM should one buy leaps? i bought spy 500 12/2022
CRSR is such a small cap that they kind of just do what they want.

$22 is my buying point tho, I am hoping they get flushed real fast so I can go in
Lost half the portfolio today, yes, i am retarded, no, im not done
Fuck was going to buy spy calls after I sold my puts but out of day trades lol
[removed]
You can believe that the pump isn't real, but your beliefs aren't going to change that chart
Do it for us.
Positions bitch , strike ... date ?
Dumb comment
Schwab been doin that to me too
[deleted]
can't tell if serious or not, but...

The term black swan was used by Taleb because, in the origin story, literally everyone in the West for all of history (UK in particular) had only ever seen white swans. There had never been a black swan in their lives, ever, so why would they even comprehend that that option / outcome existed. All of sudden, when they start exploring Australia (iirc), the explorers happen upon a flock of black colored swans. It made headlines back home as an example of the contrast / stark differences between home and this new land.

This was an event that was completely unpredictable to the point that it wasn't even considered a possibility. 

So, for this OP chump to imply that one of the two contenders in the presidential election victory is a black swan is just laughably stupid and entirely fitting for the IQ / EDU of this subreddit.
Split half. Tan $80c 4/2021. EWJ 55.5p 11/20
Shit what time?
Fuck - I found an app/website even more boomer and toxic than Facebook. 


You guys should check out Nextdoor. Holy fuck that place is shit. 

Not sure if that’s bearish or bullish if they ever go public.
There may not be a civil war irl tomorrow. But there will be in the stock market.
Your post and amd are shitting the bed.
You said it yourself
Just rip it off. What's she gonna do, put it back on?
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
I was thinking calls
What we buying calls on bois
330 been the pivot point since August
Buy right now
177
Better dump those puts fast bears, because we just entered a bull market.
Lol I had to do a double take 😂
Wtf?
Fuck me waiting for funds to settle but the stock I wanted to buy options on is up 17% today
Shit now I'm the idiot lol. I guess I did question how the fuck is hyllion that low. Yea quick math you are right.
Lol. If we go to a lock down under Biden and a Democratic senate then there will be monthly stimulus payments. So who gives a rat f*ck if we get locked down. It only matters when the government doesn’t help us and forces us to stay home with out income.
super weird price action
Mask mandate but no lockdown
Weed calls and shares up nicely tho
he said he’s going to get take Covid serious and get it under control, so is the market really pricing in a biden victory
Rkt 11/6 $19p
Need Biden to lose for puts I think. Wall Street is tired of Twitter finger Tariff wars.
fuuuuuck thought I had another day trade. Looks like were holding half the account in SPY calls overnight. Wish me luck
Same. Could have made a lot if I wasn't fixated on options
if i buy calls i know well dump, so i wont
[deleted]
You should have 500K by 24
Automod is high on cannabis stocks.
Ur gen X
Big pump on spy every 15min since 230pm... We finish above 332 today
*me whenever i see a green GameStop dildo*

IS THIS THE SQUEEZE?????
[removed]
[removed]
Yes, you are selling the puts.. you think it will go up when you sell puts
Not everything is manipulation.

But this definitely is.
wsb mod is as retard as everyone else on this sub
OH LAWD THEY BUYIN
[deleted]
Step 1. Go to Europoor.

Step 2. Live there.

Step 3. Never work again.

Step 4. Profit.
Today was a bear trap inside a bear trap. Beartrapception
Bears are FUK
You a pro dog that’s all that means
my rams yesterday :(
Imagine buying puts after the 3 sigma drop last week 🤡
Puts on eBay. Thanks
I've noticed that Twitter's stock price has been going down for the last couple of days and I wonder if Trump's postings are hurting their business?? What are your thoughts?
every time i flip here, market goes higher n i hit myself for not buying calls, fuck ill do it for the team
Help Im addicted to SHOP and AMZN puts
You think his acct has been hacked yet? Lol
Unlikely
Lots of tech had strong earnings
[deleted]
[deleted]
No, under 200k and you a failure
What to YOLO 15K on 

Either gonna be able to afford a home down payment this Feb or set myself back 3 years
Let’s goooo
how odd we were below it today
Uh ha ha me too
thinking monthly 350 hmmm
Kicking myself for selling TLRY at +4% this morning
Who the fuck is going to wait until the day before election day to dump large positions?

Everyone that was trying to sell sold over the past few weeks. Now is the time that large positions are going to be taken. Bearish or bullish
Could’ve made so much money if I wasn’t fixated on spy all day
You could vote for Sleepy Toe to prove your black tho
Should I buy VXX calls at close? There’s no way volatility doesn’t spike tomorrow/Wednesday
Automod didn't roll back it's clock lol
Agreed. A steady climb with decent jumps from news, ERs is more rational. It's still up 8% today and slowly climbing but after the morning dip bears claimed "the scams over!" haha.. Nonetheless it would've been nice to see another 15% day, but you're right it crashes to consolidate.
Not with Writing options cheaper than the ones you own
Hope its red tom so i can get shares
MODS SET CLOCK BACK
Everything is pumping lol
forth eorlingas Mf’er
Even Nasdiq trapped the bears. Back to your caves! Even if we ride to the dawn - stonks onlyyyyyy go up!
[deleted]
Why r stonks going up 😳
I mean tech is just dumping even after stellar earnings so yeah more of the same I guess
CRSR didn’t get the memo.
After hours is a lot different now it seems
🌈🐻 really love their assholes stretched
.
tsla 410 EOD
"NO MAMES" 😂
🟢🟢🍆➡️🐻
\-8k today, wtf
You do realize if Biden is elected we’re going back into lock downs right
Playing tan through sedg ?
it was in the oversold territory
Oil and gas up and Palantir up. Honestly who the fuck knows at this point.
spuz puts, uncertainty = bad
Guys, is a boomer who’s 40 with no net worth of at least $500k a failure?
🐷🐷🐷
That is pretty fucking hilarious
Being on WSB is an embarrassment, don't think you are on some high ground.
Bought more shares of PLUG and ICLN. The future is green energy.
Algos blast it past 330 and assign it as the new support. Very legal.
Big dump last 15-20 minutes of trading. 10 bagger potential
tsla 410 EOD
Anybody wanna buy a boat and harass the Dutch east india trading company with me?
If you dont buy spy puts you arent black literally cant go tits up
Sigh, looks like i'm holding puts overnight
Don’t use RH if you’re trying to day trade, I believe cash accounts bypass that all together
[deleted]
Anyone holding shit through election?
Who else bought more GME today
FIRST
There is a decimal point in there. $8.18 confirmed.
Automod doesn’t BELIVE in famers
I meant percentages.
short squeeze for all the gay bears hedging it out?
It's both
[deleted]
It’s literally free money
Me is sad bull. No SPY drop to get my calls in :(
Good day for ACB calls.  shame my account was blasted so I had very little inroad;(
Mods forgot daylight savings lmaoo 

Pulling a robinhood
Big ghost
I cannot wait for this guy's loss porn
I am in shambles
+1   it's unlikely that you're retarded
[removed]
Biden is an angel, orange man bad.
What the fuck why new thread.
Get your Wayfair puts..... every strike's a WINNNNAAAA
im not, taking my measly gains and GTFO

will hold like a few of em just for the yolo
F IN CHAT FOR BUYING PUTS
fuck me
If you too scared to buy now you might as well stop wearing pants 👖
Today was really boring waiting for stocks to fall. Maybe I should just buy so it'll drop already.
There literally weren't any days before market manipulation
$330 is established as the new floor. We won't fall below this no matter what happens with COVID, elections...etc.
538's upgrade to "Clearly Favored". IDK about it though.
QQQ GREEN

It’s over for bear

🐻➡️🗑
I didn’t even take Latin and I know what that shit is lmao
Methinks it is a good idea to long VIX total return swaps
yeah i got March 90C, also down almost 50% now.
The MOD is not in USA, didn't account for daylight savings
Qqq going greener than hulks fucking foreskin
Your gonna listen to a plant?
40% of Republicans polled said they would not accept a democratic victory. 

40% of Democrats polled said they would not accept a republican victory.

Edit:  https://twitter.com/ScotchStocks/status/1323385182817144833
Strong earnings?
That’d be real fun now wouldn’t it.
I done did an uh oh.
Imagine not knowing how to take a screenshot on your PC
There’s a woman behind trump at his rally that changed the 4 more years sign to 24 more years 🤣
he'll never concede, he'll have to be dragged out kicking and screaming like the toddler he is
lol its just the best when everyones expecting it to crash and it does nothing
what the shit is going on
Pypl calls 100% profit
strikes?
How did you take a screenshot on your refrigerator?
[deleted]
You are giving people way to much credit

they are thinking, it can only go up from here
[deleted]
at this point, an end to the election is good news for all sectors
My morning calls are going to see these paper hands tomorrow morning
Hold spy puts through tomorrow?
Should we go to war tonight or stay in and watch NFLX?


Choices next week.
Lol arguably the biggest election in history happening and you think markets are gonna care about that?
itsatrap.jpg
#YOU ARE ALL POSTING IN THE OLD THREAD
(Auto mod is drunk)
Friday bear puts dead, snap puts dead, amd bulls dead, ups calls dead, bulls been dead. Everyone 💀💀💀
Wow, looks like MMs are going to pin it to 330 again
Ban ban fucking ban
Just sell a call/put under the strike price you currently have to lock in gains. It’s writing options and doesn’t use a PDT. You sell the cheaper option below yours because if you go with the one right above it will use collateral to cover the difference. You’re welcome.

Example: I have a $140c BA and I’m up $1000. Sell as many of those calls at $141 strike price so now you’re only risking $100 rather than the total $1000. Then you just buy back the credit you sold the next day after selling the options you actually own.
This getting pumped good for the inevitable tomorrow dump
[deleted]
Almost a 5 bagger on ACB. Going to hold some through election just to see.
(I do this not for me, but for your classical edu)

upvote for Cincinnatus

downvote for Catiline
[deleted]
For some reason Hyliion's market cap is shown to be around $500 million on Robinhood. On every other platform it's listed at $2.8 billion at the moment.
YES BEZOS
Rogue Trader: "wudeye tell yuh; yew keep dubblin' up and sooner or la-euhr, you're bountuh win"

&#x200B;

WSB:  FUCKIN' A!!
[deleted]
0DTE SPY CALLS HNNNGGG
fail
I only buy stonks to hedge my spy puts.
Lmao apple 90 EOM 

My leaps are toast
Lol I went short
Inverse WSB as always. Too bearish here in the past two weeks
For a second, I “believed” the market closed an hour earlier today :/

Not that closing it one hour before is NOT a bad idea.
sold near the peak so 👍🏼
Lmao was up $800 on SPY puts. Didn’t sell and now I’m down $100. 🤡
[deleted]
Reddit doesn't know about daylight savings time? This isn't Robinhood
Tendies never too far away
>the virgin mail ballot spoilage versus the hanging chad
FANG and RTX
[deleted]
Ah. Got it. Thanks much for the info.
Flair doesn´t check out. Anyways: don´t, IV is going to kill you. Even though you are none of my kind, I still ike you bears alive.
I thought I still have 1 hour to save my calls!! 🤡
Nice mods Smfh
No I am not! How dare you? Did you have access to my portfolio? Did you hack my rh?
Preemptive ban. We'll see in 44 minutes.     
    
Edit: lucky bastard
It’s not cheap
to the east? meaning in the atlantic ocean after pelosi mirders him and dumps his body in the river
30% loss in 2 trading days is theta?
Fuck u EOD pumpers
[deleted]
yes, a very good candidate, but don't be too aggressive with strike price
F bro

I am bagholding $40c and $50c. Down like 20k 🤦‍♂️
Will shitkings actually end green?
Should’ve sold those puts after holding them for 1 minute now I’m down big
Imagine being a bear.
me
[deleted]
Callin up their shift supervisors to not hand in their two week notices
The fuck we have to stay at $330
BAN automod.
That’s not how this works
Easy DD in retarded market
[deleted]
I was thinking puts. earnings reports have not been kind to many companies.
Here I am holding a VXX $32 call for 11/20 waiting for tomorrow's decision and seeing the market flood. Also had a tesla $420 call, but Fuck me on that one lol. Musk if you're reading this, tweet some bs that will rally stock for no reason
Anyone actually think Trump will concede if he loses? And if he refuses to, how will the market react?
Good, so the puts I sold to open on Apple at $105 will make money as they try to pump the stock back up to $115-120.  

- ThetaGang.


when you sell puts at $105, you make money if Apple is not below $105 on the expiration date as your option expires worthless.
$329.50 is the new floor.
Ban the bot
no, and you embarrass yourself by misapplying this concept
the most correct thing i’ve seen all day
actually I bought calls before the results. made 95% and sold. Then expected a fade out back to 10EUR.

even overall
3rd and 3, bulls showing blitz, VIX takes the snap and he's SACKED for a short loss, just behind the line by Blackrock! It's gonna be 4th and 5 but in this situation you gotta expect they're gonna go for it here!
is it me or is bottom in
i dunno but look at the % gain on the 1990...lovely
k thnx
I think I’m retarded for buying puts
It’s obviously due to the 1 hour time shift, retards. Nothing to see here
I’ll remind u baby in ur dreams, when ur children look at you in the eyes I will be there
If it makes any of you guys feel any better Jimmy’s probably in 🌈🐻 Valhalla right now, being TPed by huge red dildos and loving it  😢
340 eod!
can't do poorman's CC on OTM leap as far as i know, thought it has to be ITM leaps.
DEVELOPING: Gunman opens fire at synagogue in Vienna, Austria; police say 'major operation' is underway. Europoors might sell off today.
uhhh... why is this up? day light savings? BAN ON BOT AND MODS.
Cum
They are trying to hack your RH account so they can withdraw all $200 in there
Yes it is.  Vegas odds show they think there is a 65% chance that Biden wins.  The majority 66% of people making bets are voting against these odds and that Trump wins.
buying PYPL 200c 11/6
I’ll sell you some puts
>!You're!< in shambles!
really? do you think that there's like a constant inflow of new buying power into the market? like, maybe every two weeks?
What do you call a suicidal Al Gore? A hanging chad
Spoke too soon too soon too soontoosoo...
I'm buying SQ calls cuz dont wanna get IV crushed
I am retarded but when you roll out an option don’t you still just lose your premium? If I lose 250 in premium and roll out and keep the next 250 in premium I’ve still lost 250, no?
Thinking about PYPL calls...
[deleted]
Where is Europe in this picture?
Biden wins stonks  will go up 
Trump wins stonks will go up
Fed won't let spy go red on the year ever again.
Show us your plays from Friday that made you bank and you will gain a little respect, otherwise this isn't stocktwits.
Any minute now huh?  Yall been saying this shit all day 🤡🤡🤡
What are you babbling on about?
Buy the rumour, sell the news
[deleted]
I'm down more than half on my 150 leaps for 1/22 ... hold strong brotha
Wow bot fucked up its day light savings
automod will never recover from this
Bear god Bezos raining tendies upon us this month 🙏🙏🙏
[deleted]
that's theta bruh.
Yeah
Follow up question. If there is a significant price change overnight. What are the expected outcomes?
Don't forget tomorrow's the big day! Get out there and buy a QQQ share. If we all do our part we can make the Nasdaq a better place.
it's an alliance bruh
If Trump wins it's dumping though.
Avoid pdt all together
Yeah, it is under support right now I am pretty confident it will try to regain $75-$80
Jpow^2 aka J-POW-POW aka J-Pow-Papa
It’s like a 2 sigma polling error, about 5 SD away from Black Swan territory
Markets pricing in presidential election happening tomorrow
The shovels are being prepared for 359
Amazon, Ford, ect.. blow out earnings, Stonk goes down.  AMC brink of bankruptcy, selling shares at $2.30, no forseeable improvement for months, stonk goes up. It's easy
Did you guys finally went to winter time?
Joe Biden has autism, not good ole’ WSB autism, I mean like super gay aids autism
Nope they’ll still print
getting IV cucked so hard. My 11/20 BA calls I bought last week are still down 30% even though BA is at the same price
[deleted]
Out of all the tech I could’ve shorted today, I shorted SNAP. How the eff does it have so much strength
pussy
He bought 600 contracts. The consensus here is that it’s a paper account. Meaning it’s not real money brokers give them to you to practice. TOS gave me 2, an ira with $200,000 and a margain with $100,000.
[deleted]
Greed.
he bought 600 calls, 100 shares each
Bears ironing the Wendy’s job application they foolishly crumpled up and threw away Friday.
Look to J Pow’s coming at first light on the fifth day. At dawn, look to the east
Guess I'm going to give CRSR 11/20 25cs until Friday.  If this shit volume keeps up I'll just cut 'em lose, 50% loser, but better than 100%.
For sure but do they know something?
[deleted]
There‘s just way too much buying power i think... every one in cash gang wants to go back into the market
true true, JD also good from what I read, will be larger in the future, which we like
This bitch has done nothing but fuck me up. Jesus I want it to die already. All other social media are shitting except this one. Very odd shit.
[deleted]
automod trying to warn us
QQQ puts. Missed my 40% exit now @ 20% and stubborn. Fucking holding it.
Schwab might allow it. I use ibkr for trades like that.
Sorry for your loss!
It’s for the best
Puts
Day ain't over yet. I didn't hear no bell!!!
Of course it always could be. I don't really have any better luck making picks based on that feed. I think I'll stay away.
Sell me this pen.
Wait for a few days
Are you asian? That sounds like wasted efforts if you can't even udnerstand so I would assume your number is somewhere on the web on the wrong list.
Calls you?
lol shitty WBA up 4.89%
Not saying there will be no downwards movement, but with those premiums it will be a hell of a ride.
Is a Trump victory a Black Swan at this point?
[deleted]
I really hope they get him out.. I’m exhausted
Might as well just send money to my cashapp or set it on fire
Tf is this
Probably going to sell off right before close

Great time to load up on calls for the inevitable rally...
Tf? Automod just saying fuck it markets closed 😂
More ways to watch the line go down, sick!
Son bitch I in
I'm currently using robinhood. Also, if they remove it, could I then be flagged?
AMD monthlies IV is high. Good candidate for the wheel?
Hotter than an middle eastern climate
[deleted]
It was pretty good. And the volume fucking soares for 3 straight days
Except for the past hour
FSLY done dumping?
Even RH isn't that retarded
[deleted]
Me like movies, me invest in movie place company
[deleted]
[deleted]
shit man it's crazy we closed at 320 today
If Biden gets massive amount of millenial votes (who looks like are actually voting this election) I could see it being over tomorrow. Only got Tsla stock rn
literally uninstall the app
VIX calls, SLV leaps, and something for a Trump win.
I wouldn't. If Joe Biden somehow wins, he will shit on NCLH and RCL and everything else.
F to anyone expecting good price action today
Nah man, those are the tears of entitled white liberal college students. Trump voters are stoic as they are mostly poor opiate addicted trailer park people who are numb to being shit on
Yo energy gang, Is RIG a totally retarded play?
Yeah this isn’t gonna dump EOD. This looks a lot different than last week. 

And I’m in puts.

SPY look like it’s about to take off.
Has ever anyone heard of a larger share buyback than the MPLX **$1 Billion dollar one** announced today?
My weighted blanket
I also went in amc my own thoughts. Not good so far. Got tsla in morning
Calls
Call up robinhood and ask for a refund
You should try buying puts everytime there are things related to society and politics. The best way to trade stocks is focus on economy, social issues and politics.
I mean I wouldn't be surprised if we mooned tomorrow it wouldn't make any sense but that's the life we live I guess
Sold PLUG at 15.90 some days ago.. should i go back in?
"Only (chinese city) can mold you into the greatest version of yourself" 

\-Chinese propaganda commercial airing on cnbc lately
Calls
Where's drill team 6? I'm ready....
I’m glad NIO pulls back and consolidates. When shit gaps up too fast and goes parabolic is when it crashes. Give me that nice steady gain.
I'm getting multiple calls from Chinese bots everyday. I mean who are they targeting? Once I answer some lady speaks in Chinese. Does anybody know what they are doing?
for what purpose?
oy, too volatile
the good ones get banned. display your tag proudly, friend
Am I not an autist anymore for holding 5k of Sony calls into this week
RH just added a 1 hr portfolio chart
I’m a senior programmer earning 10/hr lol, third world country sucks
Well, there's always next time!
Mods are bears, just rage quit cause market was about to moon
Donkey Kong might end up green.  Jesus Christ superstar.  Still down $160k.  FML
Amc announces bankruptcy is likely. Are those of you long assuming a restructuring of debt that makes stock positive? I don't understand the play here. How can holding through earnings tonight work for you?
JD also a solid company but I like BABA more
If you use TOS, you can call and ask for the removal. Not sure how many times they can remove it.
It’s just crash insurance
Mods belong here
You know hes right tho...right?
Calls on Benjamin button!
[deleted]
Upvote for Cincinnatus. 

Downvote for Catiline.
[deleted]
Short FANG and RTX EOW. The value is there, but a Trump lose would send both down, in the short term.
I hope I'm down 25% on my leaps
[deleted]
Youre one red day away from selling that fridge to cover your negatives
You can't get to the Microsoft Windows without passing by the Microsoft Gates
**You can keep WSB great by casting your vote. Does this submission belong on WSB?**

| **Remove It (1)** | **Keep It (0)** |
|--------|:-------|-------:|:------:|
| [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jmuhx3&message=spam) | [Click to Vote](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=jmuhx3&message=approve)|

[Click Here to Change Inaccurate Post Flair](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=postflair%20CHANGEME&message=jmuhx3)
___
 ^comment ^will ^disappear ^--- ^0 ^shitposts ^removed ^since ^last ^crash ^--- ^[information](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot) ^--- ^[leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/leaderboard) ^--- ^[REWARDS](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/votebot_commands)
Good tendies we got
Thoughts on PYPL?
You right.
[deleted]
I am now in on the 11/4 spy put gang
weed stonks
Second and three, VIX slides to his left, pumps, now throws towards the sideline incomplete to SPY
Wake me up from this financial nightmare
Leaves plastic on: asian confirmed
do they actually want me to believe that big money is fomo'ing in today?

Even my dumbass is going cash gang
In one week TWTR down 25% and SQ down 12% while Jack is sobbing checking his RH account every 5 minutes
We need to vote automod out and replace him with a better automod

#MakeAutomodGreatAgain
What.
I should clarify. I’ve ‘learned’ more about options in the last week so I feel more comfortable doing them. Where my account rocketed was from a stupid call I didn’t know what I was fully doing and got lucky. The inverse happened shortly after and I stopped doing them to study more
Get a cash account with another broker
My fridge broke yesterday, I'll get one of these next
[deleted]
Damn straight
my laptop has seen some shit. most recently, this morning.
LMFAO
What’s the play to open before close today
im ok with that
Expecting a run-up to and after SMSI earnings, so I'll look at dipping out around the $5-7 mark in the coming days.
That’ll happen many times in your life brother stay strong.
As if this isn't a hedge or there isn't a different hedge? Nobody with $300mm decides to yolo.
On green days, stonks dip 0.01% and a million dip buyers come in.

On red days we dip -2% and no one gives a shit.
What! Market closed😱
Peacock?
GME GME GME GME Prepare for lift off
Fucken tendies son straight up
Sounds legit.
PayPal predictions AH’s?
So ima sell my RCL puts.. at a loss.. Sick
My money so tall that my body gotta climb it!
Honestly man fuck you, I was about to the same fucking Friday but didn’t wanna risk it. Fuck
He was complaining about the refs giving him a technical foul for accidentally spitting out his mouth guard
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Feeling-Gur the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ya amd is one you probably want to average down on. could take a while though. you probably want stonks.
[removed]
A big high no? I have 145c 1/2022 and 120c 1/2023.
Autistic mods
Free money
Who said that, and why would you listen to them. Could've asked me dog.
Just a bounce, blood bath starts tomorrow
Lol
A-cup flat to close?
hentai
I’m gonna forget you exist in 2 hours bro
Because of you, I bought a leap today 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
what are your current positions and what are you planning pick up?
ZM is gearing up
Who is playing PayPal??
Delta hedged, nice.
Only because of election tomorrow. Otherwise I think SPY is too low
First and ten, man in motion to the right side of the field, VIX takes the snap and carries it towards the right and Michael VIX has some blockers, seven yard gain on that play
Right?
I thought the exact same thing.
#end of day dump incoming
Inverse
u/zjz fix the auto mod time to account for time change. What is this robinhood or something?
Lets see if the VXX uptrend keeps.  Should get a bounce up any minute.
I can’t believe the markets auto mods haven’t closed the market yet!
AMD price too low IMO
Lol AUTO MOD SO DUMB it truly does belong here.
I opened with fat losses, then suddenly had fat gains, and with this current trajectory I'm gonna close at breakeven. I love this market
those have to be worth more than they were in march wtf?
Lol mods forgot to factor in daylight savings change
Well. I dropped out of college this semester. But I just applied for re-enrollment because I lost all my fucking money. Back to square 1
NIO 2023 45c is the high IQ play
And then they say Robinhood account got hacked
seems like the perfect place for it. Keep that shit away from the real brokerages
Damn boy, people here hate money and love corruption huh? Seems about right.
Voting
i did.... free money
Its simple. Just get AMZN puts and profit a shitton.
if this isnt where you risk on, idk what ur even doing here
Yeah, use a fucking real broker you degenerate
Dumbass bot
VXX 50c locked and loaded
Black Monday canceled.  Now we just go into standard political retardation. After that we can go back to obsessing every day on stimmy. So basically same as the last 5 months.
Ugh I'm more conflicted by the moment
Hello I am from the hr future
Lol that day lights saving time fucked me up
Calls. Weed only gonna grow regardless of who wins.
rip
Stfu
Unusual Whales just showed 300 volume on AMZN 2100 put for 11/6 😂
Bulls are not letting this fall
The premiums on SPY are too high. If you hold them get out right now before IV crush please. I don’t want the amount of loss porn I feel like I’m going to see tomorrow.
Eh... If u sell a put contract (100 shares)....

On the expiration date of that contract, if the stock closes below the strike price you choose...you will be assigned the contract. You keep the premium. So... You buy the stock at discount...

If it plunges 30% ur fucked(unless the premium u got paid offsets this loss, which I doubt)... If it goes up 30% you only get to keep the premium bc it's not ur stock. So you have a maximum profit...but technically an unlimited risk of the stock plummets to $0

Selling puts is recommended if you plan to purchase a stock anyway...
I did a project for SunPower in Chile once. Was fun working down there but a shit show project
You bought puts at a 5 year low... You're a star fucking trader.
Bagholder with lot of cash on hand.  Powell has been fucking me in the ass for months.
Hold cash. If the election results happen during market hours there are enormous gains to be made.
[deleted]
[removed]
 i literally did this my first year of college by fking around
No they don’t. They’re just a retard with more money than u
Fuck that. Stock has some retard strength behind it.
DRILLDOS ONLY - WELCOME TO SOUR HOUR
Buying calls, got it.
Wait... is a blue wave bullish for oil? More stimmy = more demand?
Well it's green.
I was so confused thought I was on Robinhood for a sec the way auto mod bugged out
*shakes fist in blackrock's general direction*
[deleted]
it's not anything - try https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/QAnon

basically some 4chan poster started to claim he was imbedded into the government and helping to realize this great awakening bullshit into America - dude posted some super iffy photos of things like a cover sheet to what might be a possible document (notice i said might be a document) - a picture of an airplane window (which might or might not have been airforce one) and then posts stupid cryptic number shit that makes no sense and never comes true.

No idea why these idiots still eat it up though.
calls on puts on your money
50k for a verse no album out
[deleted]
Wtf why is Dogecoin on robinhood
Gush is down 35% the last 3 months and every car company is moving to electric. Bullish for oil?
Cold
We mooning!
Well hello there! Market closed an hour early today lol
last 15 spy candles looks fkn stupid
Show us ALL ya bish
You absolutely will.  It'll be even uglier, I'd wager.
You retards said it would be red today
Lol wtf
puts
china, but only baba
BC all EVs are mooning and PLUG generally follows. All weed stocks are booming too. Market is definitely pricing in a Biden win today.
If you aint buying SNAP puts, you aint black
Am I living in the future??
If you have the cash for it sure, but the premiums are fkin high. I just went for a 2/19 45c — relatively far time, projection looks good, hopefully enough room to grow. 
If you are really liking Nio, 23 leaps sound like a good deal if you’re okay with the premiums
[removed]
no way that's going tits up.
🚨IF YOU LOST A TON OF MONEY TODAY🚨

It is just money. You are crazy enough to be here, so you’re crazy enough to make it back. Worst case, there’s bankruptcy. Debt wiped clean. Hell, my daddio was getting discover card offers only a few months into his bankruptcy. There is always hope.

**Don’t make a permanent decision over a temporary situation.**

.-.-.-.-.

24/7 Crisis Hotline:
1-800-273-TALK (8255) (Veterans, press 1)

Crisis Text Line:
Text TALK to 741-741

Veterans Crisis Line:
Send a text to 838255

SAMHSA Treatment Referral Hotline (Substance Abuse)
1-800-662-HELP (4357)

The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700) 
         
The National Problem Gambling Text Helpline 800-522-4700
Puts on Mods
no
Suck my balls.
Lol daylight savings time
[deleted]
nice
Nouce! Saved you some srs cash!
Not really bro. That's very uncommon, and unlikely going into a volatile Tuesday.
Wsb said screw today’s discussion let’s talk about tomorrow haha
Thoughts on my APPL $160 leaps 9/2022 bought for $9100 now worth $3k.. just delete Robinhood for 2 years ?
I'm still shook
Are talks still going well?
There's the standard WSB response, but daug, you should pull out your original 2k and then proceed to dick around with the rest of the fun money that you picked up. Not like this week isn't going to dick you for that 2k in a few minutes anyways eh?
Not a 6 mm dick
The denial is real 🥴
Yay! It's already tomorrow!
jokes on u ur on wsb
Crying
Who the fuck bought 300 contracts for AMZN 2100p for Friday? lol
If you are not buying spy puts you arent black
Right da fuq is that about
[deleted]
I like how SPY decided it would fill one gape from today's cash open and now it's marching fill the gape from last Wednesday. SPY 336 tomorrow. And yes, I intentionally said "gape" because I'm extremely immature
Second and 5, VIX with the quick throw out to the sideline and that'll move the change, the pass complete right at the sticks and the clock will stop here
When you live in your mom’s basement theta gang wins
GUH
congrats, and fuck you
Daylight savings time even messes up Auto Moderator.  Time to abolish it
Big nuts and little brain or big brain and little nuts?
So since the bulls r fuk you decided the market is closed?
yeah it went down. i even have a call but i was expecting it to go down. whats your surpise?
[deleted]
I dont have diamond hands but you could jump out when theyre profitable

Confucious say: ‘Market go up and down when Country run by a Yo-yo’
That close was redonk
AMC won’t move much downwards but may set up for a bull trap
is anyone actually successful at scalping QQQ?
PYPL or SEDG yolo today?
[removed]
Wrong
Polls. 

China, solar, weed, healthcare, pharm
This is what if. This didn’t happen to me lol.
No because I posted the exact same comment but reverse and now I am net neutral. stonks.
twice!
Votes won’t be completely counted until late November
I bought puts on Shell after the 5% spike last week and it spiked up 8% more. Puts on me.
$$$$.  SEDG options are too much for me right now.
Which one of you autists just bought a 11/2 spy 336c from me for a dollar.
DEUS VULT! DEUS VULT!
Here comes the dump
[deleted]
For America
yeah it shot up fucking 50%, on earnings that really werent that great. "analysts" just said it was good but me and you both know it was SHIT
Selling puts is probably the safest way of playing options (beyond extreme forms of autism here wanting to prove it wrong). Do 45 day+ out collect that time decay and deuce out.
It’s important market data it’s worth it
If you aren't buying AMZN at sub 3K you hate money
[removed]
AMD is burning to the ground right now but gon rise like a Phoenix soon.
[deleted]
If you believe in SEDG, then I would say yea
Thanks. Bullshit indeed.
She already got confirmed bro


(/s)
How far out should I go, 2023?
Unusual Whale alerts
Lol what was he saying was ridiculous though
it just starting its break out, get monthlys
In a word, down.
Fucking right?! Last week someone did a couple million on BA puts, which I jumped on and it's sad town now.
imagine using crayons the day before an election
USA USA USA
Your right your right. Idk what tho
NIO’s such a trooper. The only thing keeping me afloat at the moment after Tim Apple’s betrayal
I have a feeling tomorrow will be flat
cant take my eyes off this gay market
How do you fail a whole semester? Did they literally fail every class?
With how much volume we’ve been seeing at the close I expect it’ll move lower unless the MMs wanna work hard to get past 330
All day i keep telling myself I missed the CGC trade and then it goes higher
Upvote only because of your headline lmao
AMC puts cannot lose money
Let the quad witching commence...
Okay what’s the spread, layman’s version
all in on black at a casino
[deleted]
Why not just play sedg
Might as well get leaps
butt plug sales through the roof, related to increase in onlyfans accounts
Fucking hell! Covid wasn't enough now people gotta deal with this shit as well. Puts on humanity
Legit
AMC puts cannot lose money
My laptop isn’t from hell but it’s definitely not living a sin free life. I can’t remember the last time it went to confession.
bruh that's the point about roos, it doesn't matter which way you choose you're going to get stopped out and lose every time.
Agree.. Donnie contesting is a 100% given. Regardless of result.

And that includes if he wins and not winning with record votes.
match
I swear to God, robinhood is fucking retarded. I've covered my fake ass margin call and it won't let me use an instant deposit.
Biden’s camp has said they will contest as well.
Sir, this is a casi...oh, carry on.
Internet will still be working so degenerates can still trade
You’re going to lose all your karma
Got some spy puts just in case
[deleted]
Polls. Biden at 90% now. Blue wave likelihood increasing.
positions or…
as many as it takes to tell him he's on his own in the world now
He sold? DumP Eet!
Well if you invest in solid growth companies. At 7% a year you'll double your 4.3k in roughly 10 years
[removed]
Oh I'm looking. I may be selling Friday, but may hold until next week.
Yes
Oh my play is 100 1-22 5$ leaps I bought at 1.5$ each. I had been selling calls against them so I’m hoping we don’t rally past 5.5 for a week
this is satire you dumb fuck
AMC...
Pretty sure that shit be over 100$ if not for the entire pandemic
I'm down the same 200 bucks I was 3 hours ago.  Need NIO back over 33.50.
2/3 of drilling rigs got stacked this year.  The glut of oversupply is over.  Look for rising oil prices and natural gas prices.  You can't shut 2/3 of rigs down and be in the same boat as feb/March.
The more uncertainty, the more the fed buys. Simple as that. Can't allow US to collapse.
Anyone playing ACB?
So if I buy one contact to sell apple puts I am obligated to buy them if they’re below the strike price ?
4 years of poots.
[deleted]
[removed]
oh come on.. buy a single 0dte ...   everyone should have something in the game.
No not really. 

Unless you paid 0 attention to the post earnings rally and just "feel" like it should be down
Depends on if the election is settled and 🥭 accepts the results
I'm holding. When Trump wins tomorrow night, we are soaring.
Prepping for a possible Biden win tomorrow. Notice all renewable energy and cannabis stocks are pumping
PLUG already running away from me
Be careful with SPwR usually low volume so moves insanely fast
Save
Just sold my weekly VXX calls so you know it’s gonna dump now
He said spreads. Not naked puts.
If only Matt Nagy’s play calling wasn’t 💩
imagine being this retarded
Always inverse WSB
All of them?
Yeah, sold $70p for Nov 21 and bought 90c Dec 11th

I might close those and go for $85 instead but holding for now
He probably needs to sell this after his loss porn hits his autistic brain.
Silly bears, some of you just follow the herd
First and ten, VIX in the shotgun, designed run for VIX and he'll get 5 yards here.
I’m considering this
hedge?
Did you end up buying options or you straight up own the stock?
Closing below 330 would be a win for bears... probably not going to happen
BuU bUu BuT RkT iS JuST a MoRtGaGe CoMpAnY Annn Annnd PeLoTon Is JuST a BiKe CoMpAnY And TsLa iS JuSt a CaR cOmPaNy

Thank you for making money easy retards
Become a stripper
Er play
Wtf does this mean
SPXS lol
SPY 335 EOD 🤤
add 5.7k
*States literally mobilizing national guard for the election fallout*

SPY: green it is
Even when I hedge with puts my puts still lose money
I dont like 🥭 but man did I find that shit funny too lmao
I sold my ACB call when the stock was up 5% this morning. It's now up 18%. Reminds me of the exact same situation with NIO that one day last week. How am I supposed to know these shits were gonna moon \*that\* hard
they are already expecting trump to cry about the rlections so some of it is priced in. If biden wins cleanly, we’d likely see a rally
So up or down?
pinning at 329.50 -330 or think it will fall?
STMP is a steal right now
Who makes high blood pressure medication? Calls on them.
[deleted]
Don't fight the trend
Spy bounced right off the vwap line. DRILL TEAM SIX, GOING DARK
Should I buy Nio shares or leaps?
What’s the best way to turn 4.3k back to 10k (srs replies only) 😋
Your child fails out his first semester of college after promising you would pay... wyd? how many curse words do you use? 

(The child fails all of them from partying all the time)
Because it is
Your puts r still fuk
Both
Because overvalued
SPWR (Sunpower solar) roughly follows SEDG.  Y'all think playing it during SEDG earnings is a good play? I think SEDG is supposed to beat expectations.
So when he outlaws everything your collection will be even more historic! 👍🏼
I have autism
[removed]
Only two possible outcomes how uncertain could it be
Interesting idea. Have you sold anything on Ebay recently though? I did a few months ago and it sucked. I'll stick to FB marketplace and other options, much easier and less BS.

\*edit: Could also be that I'm retarded
Strike? Date?
I want SNAP to die so fucking bad for these puts to print. Please mother of god let it happen already for fucks sake.
Lost 4.8k shorting spy futures. Made 7k day trading as Kang Gang. Would’ve been way nicer if I just didn’t touch spy last night
Ya there will definitely be stuff like that but you won't see the same sort of emotional breakdowns
Stfu gay
# PUMP EET

DUMP EET

PUMP EET 

DUMP EET
france enraged a lot of the extreme ones, those on the edge may just be acting out now because of it. Not aware of a large muslim population in austria, though
Oh I’m well aware of it but the pricing is dependent on demand so if you were to artificially inflate demand, I wonder if it would work
[deleted]
[deleted]
Heck no
[deleted]
We buy high and sell low here, you belong.
Why does all tech look like it’s ready for a massive drop ?
i wish i sold my snap puts last week, this stock has made nothing but sad and angry
SPY was at nearly 50% IV earlier today
While you seem to think, that the markets will pump

I can surely assure you, that we will dump

Although the market, has been bouncing like tigger

I can smell this coming, just like a...
Unless you’re talking on some type of ER ticker, volatility isn’t going anywhere yet
Ah well then.
Why is PLUG mooning?
MMs got jokes
Losing money* 

Fixed that for you
No wonder you’re broke.
I saw that but I don't know if it's good or bad.
Market rises on election uncertainty
TWTR 40C 11/6?
>I don't really mess with options so I cant recommend a particular strike but i think Calls 10% OTM and 2-3 months out should be safe.

Alright kiddo, get the fuck outta here. Ban
My heart cant take this
As well as the TV remote
They already dropped down to this level like 3 times since the split 2 months ago. Figured the third time hitting this level they'd have a decent chance of bouncing off, coupled with mango getting flushed and his hard on for going after tech on Twitter being a potential non factor soon.
[deleted]
Hit the "undo" button, retard.
Double rejection at 330 if any of you degenerates care
ACB puts?
What you think is gonna happen after elections?
Retarded market
11/4 puts if close below 330, calls if close above 330
I am down so much on rocket. Need that shit to rally hard so I can get out
Unusual Whales shows puts bought ending this week for PYPL way OTM. Does anyone else have any insight into this play (or gut feeling for that matter)?
In Vienna? Didn't know these idiots had any influence in Austria.
That one mysterious whale waging $300 million in spx index calls definitely knows what’s coming
Puts are free money for power hour
[removed]
Lowest AMD will ever be was today , get in now
If Biden wins it will all go away, having served its purpose.
Getting late in the game now, but Michael VIX still has a chance to lead his team to a comeback here. They'll start deep in their own territory, and the clock is not their friend here. First and ten for VIX.
Biden’s gonna win guys
Is that a gambling site and what are the other sites saying
This poor retard buys POST brand cereal, can’t afford the Kellogg’s shredded wheat? Times must be tough for this loser...
No downside, the amount of times I see people posting here about RH being down or not accepting orders is ridiculous why anyone would still use it
!remindme 3 days
If gold closes above 1900, I will queue-m.
Everybody form a circle

Put your left foot in

Your left foot out

Your left foot in

And shake it all about

You do the hokey pokey

And turn yourself around


Now put your right foot in

Your right foot out

Right foot in

Then you shake it all about

And then you do the hokey pokey

Turn yourself around

That's what it's all about
You know they're gonna go protest with their mall cop gear right? "The south will rise" stupid ass people looking to hurt the other side
I expect FB to dump more this week. Cucks tight with the current White House.   
TWTR might ban Captain TweetsALot too.
Fuck. Time to buy spy 130p
I’m still sittin on the sidelines for this shit man. I feel like a cuck but 🤷🏻‍♂️. I r scared.
Lmfao too true, then somehow Satan would be like “sick ride, lemme buy one” and then moon it
I managed to secure 11 spreads for free before i started getting fills at 1 for the 4.50c... ill wait a bit more and see if MM start filling at .02 again and i can scoop up some more.
True I’m retarded
You sound like a nark
BIGLY PUMP COMING THIS WEEK.
Source?
[deleted]
What else are you gonna do, put it in savings?  Don’t make me giggle.
Who are all here betting on clear election result? I'm bullish that SPY will moon to 340 after election with one clear victor.
im a bear myself but i think its time we give it up bears. were not going to win.
NIO pump confirmed.
wtf is xpxs
ARKQs second largest holding Materalise $MTLS getting absolutely slammed.
Hope you are not buying. It’s a trap.
Prob will see a light dump in the futures, volatile day tomorow, then ATH by Thursday/Friday after trump wins the WH
If you failed to buy TSLA calls last week when it was at 380 because the dancing bear tricked you: Better luck next time.
depends on next month
to or not to sell vxx puts
$333 calls expiring today are only 6 cents and they require only a 1% pump in the power hour. Very reasonable.
nahhh snap being up is retarded
2-3 months that is a brave call
Yep. The chance we have a clear Biden win tomorrow is like 10% even if he eventually is president. Crimson red for the next 2 weeks. I think the contested 2000 election dropped 20%
True.
Get the cheap ones , spy 310 , u know that massive red dildo candle has to come
Is there going to be serious IV crush on Wednesday morning?
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323354412283211777?s=20 

\*Treasury Estimates U.S. Net Marketable Borrowing Will Total $617 Billion From October Through December 

\*Treasury: U.S. Net Marketable Borrowing Estimated at $1.1 Trillion From January Through March 2021
to the moon when Biden declared victory tomorrow night
MACD divergence too..
Lmao why is spy ripping to the 4th dimension rn
[deleted]
Where do you see these alerts?
Wtf r we pumping on? lol
Imagine betting against America
Theta gang has entered the chat.....
Even if that were to happen, NIO would go up in the pre market followed by a high in the morning and then just a complete dump throughout lol
Beer, weed, and gambling bigly green
Uhmmmm...
Got mine. I need an election tie where biden dies during the announcement for the strike not to be laughable. But still.
Man, if you’re getting directional lately, you’re not even gambling, but just asking for it. Even roulette with 0,00 gives u 47.4%. Options are just that. Directional is great, at times. When in doubt, strangle it up for some premium.
Hey man. SPXS 

Edited. My bad
Their first trading was today. Actually yesterday at 18:00 EST, when the market re-opened. 

I watched MES today but didn’t trade it. Just traded ES like usual
*****


*[wut?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WutbotPosts/)* | *[source](https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/blgois/anyone_using_the_new_micro_futures_yet/emo8ocl/)*
these random ass dildos are so gay
I’m only a starter not investing much but it was the first one I bought due to the hype, I thought it was all taken bubble I’d fallen for. I’m clueless at this. Thought it would fall today after Friday. I really wish I bought more.
[deleted]
[removed]
I’m talking calls, not puts.
Pump SNDL if you like money 🍸
Bovada odds are heavily favoring a Biden win and Dems to take the Senate. Why didn't DKNG offer election betting lines?
[removed]
double topssss
They fuckin with us bruh
I’m down 250 today
Damn people are in a betting mood..
<3
It’s not going to be a thing
You should definitely try that. If the first half doesn't work, you didn't believe hard enough.
The kind that wants my under-priced puts to buy hopefully
Because they are different companies. TWTR shit the bed on earnings. PINS being so down is more confusing tbh
3 pm pumppp
I don't trust those high falutin ice boxes. I just use [this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/Western_Union_Universal_3-A_stock_ticker_%285900034065%29.jpg)
Looks like it just had a 50% run up. Probably no.
Get your crossbows from Cabela's we're retaking Jerusalem!
Yes
yup been there. I took profit and i'm out till close.  Can't fool me twice
I was told oil prices were coming down?
fake out?
They r not! This market makes no sense.get it Jan!
[deleted]
If Biden wins in a landslide the market will soar. Everything else will be a mess
Transferred more money into my account because I am a sadist in getting this wrong
Bbc or bwc
Is there legit reasoning behind it or you’re just guessing?
Wanna yolo spy puts but premiums are retrded
Why do we keep repeating history??? Doesn't make any sense!
I got fucked by buying QQQ puts at the bottom. Now i switched to QQQ calls, and im also getting fucked. Lost $400 today so far.
This next candle is gonna be an important one
Shoot the bears.
probably
I would guess it's islamic terrorism
ANET got earnings today, anyone playing?
Brave is Chromium based, and Chromium based browsers usually use more RAM. I haven't used a Chromium based browser in a while though so that could have changed.
obviously.
🤡
Why’s oil an weed goin up 🤔
This is the bottom.

Election impact on market is overhyped, election day everything will just skyrocket and never come back down cause people will realize that there's no cliff & then everyone will just throw money back in.
If you were a dealer, in what scenario would you stop buying if you know the Fed gonna buy from you in worst case scenario or they just going to give you more free money.
lol someone just dropped 9 million on fucking MSFT 1/21 275c!!!! Fuck my ass.
Major rotation into value stocks. RIP tech! You had a good run.
I actually did enjoy dating on the spectrum. I thought it was insightful and careful not to poke fun. Although many of them were very funny
100% agree. Wrote this on a tab of acid while contemplating my place in the world and what to do about it. Decided to also share with some more responsible investing subs as well. honestly left this hear for the comedy value
I've been winding down some of my ACB calls just to lock in some profit. Bought at .06 average and sold for around .34.

Was trying to turn some of them around on beat up blue chip tech but it's not going well atm.
[deleted]
3:50 pump scheduled.
ACB. It’s cheap as hell to play. Just do a 4.5 or 5 call
I really upset my roommate because I said "let me do you a favor" and peeled off the film that had been on his macbook for a year.

It was peeling up on the corners and looks terrible. He's welcome.
Holding ACB through earnings next week is degenerate gambling at its finest or worst depending on perspective.  Especially if it pumps hard off election results.
You pick the strike and expiration. You put up cash to make the purchase. If the stock closes below your strike price at expiration you will have to buy the stock. If it closes above then you do not buy the stock. Either way you keep the premium
Sour hour, engage!!!
Captain HINDSIGHT! Is that u?
The doorman at my apartment building make more than you do and minimum wage is $8 here.
snap is gonna die today like twtr did I just feel it

also kinda need it to happen
[deleted]
Not gonna fly to America to do that lol.
I’ve if forget about them for 2 years you think it might print ?
Should I buy a fuckton of FUBO shares ?
which one you got ?
It probably will.

I like RH, for some stuff. But tastyworks is my primary broker
I honestly think I will tonight
[deleted]
I can't even think of what country Danes belong to. I guess I'm retarded but seriously, ain't no Daneland. Oh shit. It's Denmark. There we go
All I ever wanted was another dow 1000 day, please let that be tomorrow
TSLA predictions for eod and open tomorrow
All in!
Why do TNA weeklies have 200% IV ???
Algos really going to just bounce us between 330 and 329
Very likely. It’s a retarded market
Check the receipt.  There should be a refund policy on the back.
[deleted]
Why the fuck is he wearing a red mask in his house?
You do know options have price models right? No one blindly buys the mid of illiquid chains
yessir
no wonder youre so boring
I use myspace trade
All in lmao
How are they associated?
Cool, but how did you get the line to turn green? New feature?
I’m entirely in long positions, my butthole is clenched for the incoming 3:50 selloff.

edit: Dude below me is retarded
Well, your Mamacousin met your Daddyuncle...
All I know is SNDL is on its way back up and that makes my wallet happy.
it just feels like at 3:45 there will be a huge SPY +10 spike
Is it me or is that fridge smiling?
Big pump coming this week
Snap is a value stock... my ass
Wayfair is a shitter so it’ll probably moon like ZM
Imagine a Crocodile and a T-rex next to each other. One survives an apocalypse and the other doesn't.
You got 315 in return. Sell it and buy yourself a new PS5 poster.
The hanging fucking Chad
Lol if y don’t sell it today . You will lost everything
Would you say the month chart on SPY looks bullish?
[deleted]
put the calls to november 9th then
EOD is when you buy your way OTM puts in case election is contested.  Just make them for Friday not Wednesday.
bruh how is snap still going when Twtr is down back to back sessions over 25%
My mother.

jks, it's from a mainstream loan company
I'm calmed. Those of us here will still find a way to make money off this uncertainty but there are those people who are close to losing their stability if shit hits the fan and nothing is agreed upon
It's all obvious in hindsight.
XLF is the proverbial whale pump & dump cum dumpster
market is priced in for biden victory
My bruddah ✊
🤫
Keep talking, keep getting upvotes
Mad bullish
He bought? DUMP
this is an awesome new copypasta, thanks
Bears r so fuk
Why there? Neo nazzis or something?
Free AMC Debit spreads on the menu.... 4.5 call sells for .02 and the ask on the 4.0 call is .02... Free $50 spreads... Just wait for the bid on the 4.5 call to have 1 @ 1 and it will be filled for 2... literal risk free. although 100% tonight seems unlikely.
Just open an E*TRADE or td ameritrade account and never look back man
Multiple shootings in center of the city police moving in telling people to stay away
hard to predict up or down right now so wild. I dont know what to get.
The battle cry of WSB...
DICKS OUT FOR HARAMBE
[removed]
if all dip buying could be put on hold for like idk the next hour or so that'd be great
Exxon
MMs do it
Apple calls for nov 13, announcement nov 10
NIO doesn't care. They're purely focused on dominating their domestic market before anything else.
Buying calls at today’s top (which will be tomorrow’s bottom).

High IQ move. This is the way.
PZZA
Gump
Power hour tug of war
Fuck me, that’s how you ought to buy high and sell low
A can’t go tits up idea to manipulate options bid/ask spreads in my favor.
very bearish here. You already know what that means :D
Stock market got that vibe like the rapture is upon us. Wednesday is gonna be fuckin wild.
You are welcome pal. Remember to vote if you haven't
[deleted]
There is no way it's not contested.  No matter who wins, it'll be the next "stimulus talks"
Also, out of charity to you: USO got raped so they diversified their futures out of front month so it's no longer a pure play.
Photo or gtfo
A guy confident enough to pull bitches without having any of the above
Really good point. I feel like this is the one scenario that no one has priced in.
[deleted]
Lol why are.yiu being downvoted..?
Firefights in the streets of Vienna 

[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323352916841943040](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323352916841943040)
I have 100% of my portfolio in SPCE calls.  Branson gonna bring us to the moon soon
Unless you have a billion dollars you’re not going to mess options prices up too bad, no it’s not illegal
Jesus AAPL fucking sucks cock. Thought buying calls at  107 was a good idea.
amazing...waiting for the final dip to buy, need this hard recovery
Strong comparison
This sub is still pretty bearish bois,
Get calls and make money. I guarantee you
Always inverse Goldman
This market is making me callous to all its flip flopping. I don’t even remember what a normal market feels like
Shoot. whatever you can afford. 2023 calls. I think anything will print in the long term
# $PRES Election earnings tomorrow
How does selling puts work in layman’s terms, you are obligated to sell them and put up cash?
down? up? cant tell if I am dyslexic or not
6 dicks
lol
Isn't it foolish to buy options today? What with iv crush and whatnot
🎶 Theta in the morning Theta in the evening Theta at supper time! When Theta’s on the menu you can eat Theta anytime 🎶
Terrorist attack in Vienna!😱 i m buying NIO
RH just closed out my 0dte spy puts right after the pump. Can I disable this?
AMC play buy shares and immediately sell slightly OTM  covered calls
Please leave my boy NIO out of this😢
Short term bearish positions and long term bull positions as we head into a crazy election week.  What are your thoughts on this strategy? Sure I could just yolo short term, but I see a rough few weeks/month ahead and some recovery post-election and into next year.
???
Dump straight after they have pumped.
That only applies to the stonks market as the real economy is currently experiencing deflation, too many things available without enough people buying them.  The scary part is what happens after deflation and then what you described will happen almost exponentially.
Spy stahp it
Why am I retarded?
We going to drill back down amazon looks like it’s dying again and will take the nasdaq with it 👀
Damn it’s going down in Vienna
the shares come with warrants
Jesus man F in the chat. But don’t worry I’m about to get incinerated too with this power hour upcoming
-100.02%  
How do you even lose more than 100%? Did you lose everything and then deposit $20 and lose that too? It should still be -100%. Wtf.
Gonna yolo into 2 shares of AMZN
COMMENCE DUMP
no u
[deleted]
Higher price high on SPY with lower RSI high... interesting
if it wasnt for the election, id have already put my life savings into amazon calls, it probably wont be too late to do so on weds if we spike
Priced in
Ya I just got fucked. Got busy and waited and didn’t sell for profit
buy the dip
[deleted]
Spy still trending down like a 🌈🐻 it is
Bruh, What’s happening to amazon?
I did this morning. Paid off big time. They’re so cheap, why wouldn’t you. If Biden wins tomorrow they’ll pump and you can walk out with a quick profit
Thanks, ROBBINGHOOD for selling my 330/331 credit spreads for max loss, even though they'll probably expire worthless and I could've made all my premium back. Couldn't even cancel or replace order. that's BULLSHIT
Bbc
One Red potato.
What does that mean?
Yes but why wait to buy calls until it goes back up?
Nah, either way it goes, we'll hear constantly about how the other side cheated until everyone's bored with that and it fizzles into memory.  Until that point, we'll all be waiting to see what happens with the contesting of the election (literally nothing will come of it).
Golldman sachs pumping the market
It actually took about a week. But I see your point and one day sounds better.
not sure, not willing to jump on it now tho, with the election tm
you paid 60 bucks and woke up to a 900 gain and didn't sell? I start looking at yachts when I simply double my money, 15x would have given me a stroke. Bless you.
[The SEC would like to know your location]
While you seem to think, spy will go parabolic

I’ll be throwing my money, watch me frolic

You’ll be in the woods, blowing a guy

I’ll be on my boat, busting in her eye
hard to think we would be green
I need some Clifford action show me a big red dick
What happens when you try that with half your contracts?
This just gonna dump the stock even more, ._.
[deleted]
Upvote for the cool ticker at the bottom
It went so well in march/April lol
  
If you're so smart you'll go long fracking junk debt
Sure. Take one step forward and one step back
Read an article about how Kamala said she wants to 'decriminalize weed' so stocks are thinking its going to get legalized like Canada. She thinks it'll generate jobs, lower incarceration, and give some tax that can be utilized towards more local use like roads.... People think she is most likely gonna actually do this so they are clearly running with a Biden Victory. At least expect the rally until Wednesday as tech gets killed on regulation rumors. 

&#x200B;

NY POST: [https://nypost.com/2020/10/09/weed-stocks-surge-as-kamala-harris-vows-to-decriminalize-pot-in-debate/](https://nypost.com/2020/10/09/weed-stocks-surge-as-kamala-harris-vows-to-decriminalize-pot-in-debate/)

YAHOO FINANCE: [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/weed-stocks-surge-kamala-harris-204823516.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/weed-stocks-surge-kamala-harris-204823516.html)
[deleted]
Use spreads then
Delisted
[deleted]
Cuz lockdowns reduce demand and people know that and are shorting the stock making it go up
 https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1323352740660047872?s=20 

> U.S. TREASURY EXPECTS TO ISSUE $617B IN NET MARKETABLE DEBT IN OCT TO DEC 2020 PERIOD, DOWN FROM $599B FROM AUG ESTIMATE
NIO Gang
Owning stock + call options when it goes up is like having QB and WR TD from the same team in fantasy football 👍💰💰👍
Aerodynamics are a fickle bitch.
big ol sales order @ 329.25 anytime it goes up just releasing those shares.. downside immediate future
Will Drill Kings finish green!  Find out on our next episode of Power Hour!
Thank you Jpow.
Amc puts?
I’m in 332p@1.8 I’m riding this out win or lose
I mean if the fed wants to buy at the high, why not. JPOW is that kind soul who wants to give his old wallstreet buddies full value.
I have 1/2021 $40 calls for CGC. It’s not just Biden winning, it’s also a shift of momentum out of stocks that have doubled since March. Plus, more states getting marijuana on the ballots
We prejacked
Poor AMD
We’ll prob end flat because this market is weak.
Has AMZN found its bottom?
329 here
335 by close. Massive after hours dump. Your calls get fucked tomorrow
Going red EOD
Lol. You mean credit spreads? This is going up
My favorite. Who will win
I'm taking my measly 200 gains today and going cash gang until the election is decided. There will be easier trades at that time.
Wtf did I just read?
Gonna be sideways for 5 years
i think i will acquire more puts here
[deleted]
they fucking replaced my order and sold them at like max loss. before 3pm too. couldn't cancell .fjuck robinhood i'm done. going to a real broker. if spy closes below 330 i'll be FUCKING pissed
If u want to know who will win tomorrow go check TWTR price!
next time sabr falls beow 6.5, im getting 5k more shares and calling it quits on this market
What is fd!
With you on that
MMs really fucking us over
Ole Jack Burton always says what the hell
Hey retards, some of you missed the market open, dont miss it again on close. Theres still another hour to go.
tesla little brother grows up so fast
ah makes sense thanks :)
AMD & AMZN killing me
who’s going all in FD cannabis stocks ? fuck i’m scared 😭
apha
Calm down man it’s just elections.
What if I ask it nicely?
this is a "fuck da robinhooders who 0dtes auto-sell at 3pm" pump
that's impressive retardation.
We are going to be red tomorrow right?
Nah we're safe. 

We don't spend money on options. We gamble.
lmao, so true
Would it be illegal for me to use two accounts to buy options. One to severely under bid to widen bid /ask and then use the other account to purchase at the lower midpoint I artificially created. also the inverse, put an ask out for higher than I’m looking to sell it for so I can raise the sell point as well?
SPY 327P 0 DTE
Geo
Priced in. People are expecting this shit. What the big boys are looking for is stability and predictability, which they will soon be getting
Puts on Frito-Lays
God if there was just a way to be sure.
it’s not tomorrow yet
Gambling addiction. Also money seems less real when it's in stonks
Ikr are they planning to sell it as new on eBay after or something
PPT?
Power hour or did we cum to early?
Dump. Pumping now to take the edge off.
Will Amc make me rich? Find out
14-18
  
Can't complain
Ah yes, the yin yang pattern on SPY
We only deal with racks on this subreddit
everyone knows this bro
Dump amazon rally feels fake
PTON will probably smash earnings so it will go down. Puts it is.
Pump
massive pump till 4pm and once retail is not trading let the casual sale of billions of dollars worth of spy commence
Yea but it’s not obvious news lol
BZUN wyd baby?
feel like an EOD dump is coming (I have puts btw)
Uhh literally everything
This market is so rigged.
This sounds like a mix between the moviesn; Primer, Wolf of Wall Street and Saw
Everything looking on sale. Msft 201 amd 74. Ill regret not buying
Hesgoal.com
cruel and unusual punishment for bears rn
10x Nov 6 spy 330/325 put credit spreads. $2k profit ez.
markets definitely moving retarded
yep
If its a pump I'm fucked so its definitely going to pump
Thanks for the cool account balance AMD, only took losing 75% to get there.   
[https://prnt.sc/vc3l57](https://prnt.sc/vc3l57)
$335 by close $340 tomorrow.
No ticker haha sadly. The company is Stonewall Foods, they make some delicious stuff
During the last 59 days, my girl has only had her period once. But I got a good feeling.......
SEDG better pull a FSLR on earnings tonight
Yea I may buy some Jan 2021 37C if he wins
Mods assign flair to only the most autistic among us
What will happen to NIO because of the election tmr ?
This shit feeling like Friday
“Nobody”
Ps5 or bust
With a biden win hopefully it fucks them real good I need these puts to print some more
Lol that is the news.
So hear me out! Longing ACB?
ACB calls it is then
Kill boogiemen.
Thank you. I’ve been telling everybody my perfect market predictions but these MM’s have insiders who are fucking me over and making me lose on every trade 😤
My brother's friend works in the industry and is telling me that there is a lot of chatter of $SPCE  being one of the biggest players in the future Space industry. They will easily hit 28$ end of the month. So when that happens come back to this post so we can tell you we told you so.
Looks weak.. get ur puts rdy!
spy and vix pumping?
If VW want to sell id4 to China you best bet NIO will be selling in Europe
  
If tsla want to sell their shit to China you best bet NIO will be selling to the us
  
Free real estate
While you cry, about the market today

Tomorrow awaits, with a bit of gay

Although the orange is the one for us

There’s phaggits out there, that will cause a fus
VXUS and IWM
EOD pump or dump?
I am not sure of the justification for today's run up, but I feel that tomorrow and/or the day after will be a bloodbath.
Samsung fridges r trash anyways
I hate to break it to you, but no matter who wins, the election is going to be contested.
Just remember Rome wasn’t built in a day but it burned down in one
Long term rotation into value and energy has started to begin. DD on the way
[removed]
No
It's gonna be a shitshow tomorrow after all is done 🤦‍♂️
🎶 *I got friends in low places* 🎶
Bought a single ACB call just for the memes. Fucker is up 106%

Shoulda bought 10
I hope we get some dump on this days
AYX has lost most of the pop from the new CEO. May be one of the rare actually goes up on stronger than expected earnings
SPY, 11/6 $300P
Any recommended lotto tickets for if trump wins?
Lol just getting started
[deleted]
Let this sink in:

$RKT had the same net income as Bank of America $BAC last quarter and yet Bank of America is valued at a 200 billion dollar market cap and RKT is valued at 37 billion...
I don’t know what is getting ready to happen. Sitting on cash and made $20 today 😂
SHORT THE PUMP

no not that one, the other one

No no the next one
I work for a major partner of Zoom. Before the pandemic I thought they were a nice $60-120 stock. I kicked myself for not buying it at $64 in November of last year for a long time (more so now). They are not worth close to what they are. They have a decent story and have carved out a nice market share, but they are so overvalued in a market with so much competition. They have benefited greatly from the pandemic.
Literally think SPY will have another parabolic ending, FUCK SPY
Sold some stuff and was thinking of buying tech dip
Fair civil war is dramatic, civil unrest is more accurate. Closing major cities right now would spook the market for sure
Nio stox
Kicking them out would not be lucrative at all my guy, write up a contract where the little shit has to cut you in at a rate increasing in accordance with their monthly OF income.
MA and MI both implementing stronger virus measures/curfews. Yup this thing is gonna tank when all the other blue states follow after Tuesday.
I am being sarcastic, it is very much priced in, I bought under 20 though so idc
NIO solidified itself as the next big thing in EV next to Tesla.  People loading up on leaps/shares at this price gonna be filthy wealthy.
*riced in*
[deleted]
Buy calls when “bears r so fuk” comments get downvoted hard
$23, so not great, but ain't terrible comparing to people who bought at $40-50, I'm afraid of selling calls on it too cuz you never know when this thing explodes.
$GUSH is mooning lol
no volume in this thread.  sad.
spy put debit spread seems too obvious here...
Yea idt there’s gonna be any real unrest ppl are too burnt out from this news cycle
Nio leaps?
I bought CRSR puts this morning and they're paying off bigly.  11/20 $20p

Also bought CRSR calls this morning, they not doing so well.

Edit:  sell to close did not fill at $.80 so I'm watching all my puts gainz go away again.
Pot stocks definitely pricing in a Biden victory today. 

ACB up 18% on no news
Well you neighborhood dealer’s Venmo isn’t publicly traded so idgaf how much weed is being sold illegally. I care about how many tendies this hype can make me.
🤡🤡
who is buying FSLY?
Sold MTB calls for 50% gain now regretting it. Bank stocks pumping. 

Anyone in AMD or buying more? I have March $85
Okay that’s only one cruise line
They’re going to freefall. Dead by the first summer post vaccine.

I’ve been eyeing the 6/21 chain as the first position.
I went out and bought a nice tub of dip Friday, and I've been enjoying it all day today. Mmmm... good dip.
Fuck it... in whales I trust
the Wallstreetbets twitter account just shilled it
They're thinking of averaging their losses on a 3/21 call of some sort?

I don't know much but probably a bad idea?
Lol selling Apple 165c for pennies won’t help
Ummmm. What?
Everyone here buying puts... Calls it is!
Same bro
This is absolutely retarded
Election? Less important then the lockdowns.
Little pumps like this are good. Gotta give some breathing room before the next dump.
[deleted]
Because my fucking daughter/son isn’t gonna be a fucking pornstar. You have failed as a parent then.
Try taco bell
Except NCLH announced they are extending suspension through December
[deleted]
Bears shitting the bed late here
guessing this much of a pump was going to happen irrespective of who wins, and a resurgence of covid was expected

who knows what'll happen the rest of the week though
Just git gud
It cracks me up some of you have built MMs out to be a boogie man when they are basically just bookies
The worst part about this? I know that no matter what play I make, IV will steal all my gains
Buying puts for next week seems sensitive then
Parkaaay....
Thatta boy
338 by close
25 guys in Seattle burning down an Arby's isnt gonna hurt my stonks to be fair.
Dude most trades are done by algos. Don't focus too much on day-to-day or minute by minute price actions because those are all done by computers. Focus on the long term macro picture and form a comprehensive trading strategy or position around that.
Yeah you right it’s a very seasonal business and by the spring a vaccine might be here by then. You are right it might really be red tomorrow specially if the whole market is red. Good luck bro I am hoping u print tomorrow.👍
AXP $95 call end of year
Buy high, sell low. The way of the wsb
Red days have been declared illegal and bears public enemies #1. MMs have orders of margin call on sight.
Support your kids, subscribe.
You what now?
I’m retarded.
[deleted]
For all the retards that asks, “how to make back 3 k to 30k “ or some 💩like that...

Just print money. Print money digitally retards, it’s that simple. Stop being a peasant, print money, be rich
[deleted]
Down 30k and I barely feel a thing. Amazing. Feels like a depression laced super power
You need to call customer service at the stock market. Keep demanding to talk to a supervisor until you get someone who can reverse the transaction. It helps to threaten a negative Yelp review.
But they make chips! That’s all that matters for market sentiment.
God,i wish this becomes true,i got puts.
330 hot lava.
Need a link for the Leicester Leeds match
It's supposed to be later this fall. They didn't give an exact date.
Ngl i need an eod dump
I concur. Trying to be more positive though. It's working. Lost all my money though
331 EOD?
NASDAQ does not want to even close flat today
Harris said they'd legalize it
Fk no , enjoy burning $$$
I read this in Jackie Chan's uncle's voice
Eh it had rejected hard below $21 on every run up until now and break even was 21 or above on most options. 

To be fair I have no idea where the top is now that we just rocketed through that.
Thats a soy attitude. Buy American, prime beef bro
Markets jump on election counting hopes 

Markets tank on election counting woes
yeahhh, call me jimmy. jimmy poison. 

\*puts on sunglasses and lights cigarette\*
Tesla is pumping a bit who did this?
The thought if it is just pure euphoria and that’s why I will get shit on by China opening a fissure in the ground with satanic spawns coming out or something. My luck
SQ/170C/Nov 2.
I sold Cron today...
I would buy INTC puts regardless
...unless u sold strangles...
Son is ok. Daughter is not the same
I cant wait for tomorrow/Wednesday.
You don’t know how accurate that is lmaoooooo
Another thing to analyze are the Ferguson and I believe another city riots that happened under Obama. If I remember correctly those also caused shortages and price increase for ammo and firearms.

Still the largest driver this year has been COVID-19 and that was even more amplified by the riots beginning with Minneapolis and continuing to this day to some degree.
weed stocks were the clear winner today
Could see Aapl getting there but not anytime soon
Never again
Lmaoo this pump tho. I hope nobody is dropping all their money on calls. When this comes back down it’ll get ugly
lol
It’s fucking shocking to me there r ppl on this board that think the rest of this week is gonna be smooth w no civil unrest lmao

Altho tbh i’m not sure the market is gonna give a damn abt civil unrest, i think any downpressure rn is just a lack of buyers waiting to speculate on next leg of econ once election results somewhat clear
Investors are scared of Biden regulating the monopoly.
tech got a bump time for a bloody week
why is it strange to you guys we are melting up on clearer evidence of a non-contested election?  Sometimes you just need to get out of your own way and stop hoping for bearish conditions to appear just because tmr is the election.  It's been priced in that it would be contested and now it's looking less likely hence the slow melt up.

Could still sell off EOD on profit taking so diamond hand those puts.
This sub is always late 1 week. We gonna gap up this week and everyone gonna buy calls then we gap down next week.
I need to get drunk and start watching cramer again. Agree huge likelihood of contest/volatility. Donny isn't going down without a fight
I’d buy calls
Raise their rent
The dip that kept on dipping
I would buy stocks.
[deleted]
AMC
>It’s gonna be a steal if it gets below that too.

Well here we are.
Biden prez; red senate. No stimulus.  SPY calls fucked.
The inevitable cuntpunch to the market will be glorious.
head to r/investing if you want beta users
Ba on it's way back to 170
Idk, the rich are all totally safe from the wolrdwide chaos, and that's who this caters to. Anyone with the money is going to wanna go to space before they die, I know I would. Their projected plans and pricing have them profitable eventually. I say send it
Whales have a target they’re trying to reach before dropping the bags. You can literally see them pump XLF and then just stop all of a sudden when they’re done. The more qqq contributes to the rally, the less they pump xlf or xlv. Like clockwork.
I KNOW I thought it would be different this time
340c
But that's how you supposed to do it though
TSLA, 11/6, 420
You start charging rent, utilities and food.
How you going to kick out the top earner in the household 😅
If it hasn't gone through yet, you can cancel the order you've placed in your order book. At least I can with my broker.
Balls
  
Deep
average down, or sell and put money into something else
the MMs hate you

yes you

they will do anything to destroy you
Probably subscribe and support tbh
I see that a yolo, is what you are trying to seek

If you pull out my plug, I may spring a leak

The market is fucked, up and down like a frog

Your wife may have a seat, on this hot dog.
Rally for the day and dump after hours prob
Ah the double bull trap very clever
qanon.pub
EOD Pump has arrived
Post-election riots and second wave of COVID already priced in.
Stonk market look stronk to me
algo day, thought so, just tired of waiting for my vix calls to explode already
Alright SPY this is getting out of hand...
This pump is a rerun. Get your cheap puts. We going down in 12 minutes.
2:30-3pm margarine calls, lock retail out and rally into close
please no eod dump
dealers are most likely covering
all dozen of the highways?
OP curious to hear your thoughts on LI and Tesla and why you're focusing on NIO
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
DKNG   50.0|1.05|1.15|1.09|-0.09|91.951%


DKNG 50.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxg7s9&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
It do be like dat
Print money
Charge them rent you dumbass and yolo that money. If your kid can make money for being pretty wtf not
That’s so fucking hot god
What’s your cost basis? I could see 30 easy by EOY.

I know it sounds like a bunch of sore hurt talk but it is, actually, being extremely shorted, not sold off.
Maybe more polls coming out or something
[deleted]
AMZN is way oversold. Buying 2023 leaps and ✌️’ing out
The CDC just announced they can reopen if following strict guidelines. They’re at a great re entry price
you son of a bitch I'm in

DKNG 12/18 50c
Can anyone explain that spy candle lmao
Please drop a YOLO below. Ticker, strike, expiry only.

Thank you.
bait?
Cmon PPT
what if I hold SPY, what is rest of market?
[deleted]
[deleted]
NIO FDs
Activist investor acquires chick-fil-a and votes to open on Sunday. EZ money
ticker?
No u
100% opposite hour.
Umm should NIO keep up the trend, $40 by EOW is well within reach 😳
[deleted]
I really doubt that tomorrow. Otherwise sure.
Lost all my gains for the year i n sept and last week
gambling addiction
I had stock in weed months ago...people spending more at home smoking weed to escape depression...stocks went lower. I like the idea of having weed stock, BUT every study I've read about the switch from illegal to legal shows a decline in the amount of weed smoked. I dont doubt that a dem controlled gov will  reschedule weed which will result in higher stock prices...but all that is gonna happen well after Jan 20th. Its best to wait till after the 1st of the year to seriously look at weed stocks
I did that in a week
what if they leak election results tonight 😳
[removed]
NIO 40c FDs
At this point I’m going to hold puts through Tuesday, will then buy cheap calls when we start to level out
Please don't.
And the other side voted for a reality star but screams that they dont give a fuck about celebrity political views whenever someone famous speaks against their savior.
Well damn instead of selling my puts EOD, I guess I should’ve did that 20 mins ago. Went from being up $1100 to bloodbath.
oh my god are we seriously doing this pump?!
Thanks dude
When people are begging for a close that wouldn’t even be ITM for you, ya know you are fucked. I need like 323
Pump weed bro
[deleted]
Buy now, then wait
If there's one thing I've learned from scalping puts the past few days, just set your limit price and don't touch it after. Don't try to get greedy and continuously adjust you sell price as you see the stock change. It's not worth all your gains for that extra 5%
“Susceptible to pump and dump” which is bullshit because other SPAC tickers were not marked
Who the fuck is buying cruise lines just let them tank they are fucked.
If the highways get shut down tomorrow who knows what happens
I can take losing a few hundred if it means that I don’t have a tropical fruit for a head of state any more
Those were just scalper algos, don’t mean anything
priced in
I'm sure youtube censors info related to that

probably check bitchute if you want explanation
congratulations on having a car parked in your kitchen
got 328p 0dte i wanna ditch, but I just dont believe this
that is a massive hedge. also, it's 310 which is not very unlikely, a hedge would be much cheaper and farther out of the money.
mines fine, must be your shitphone
Why?
trash
What companies positive earnings made the stock value go up since late March?  I thought everyone sells pre-earnings to take profit.  Think of earnings as the stonks version of "do deliveries" of this sub.
I have Nio shares, but I’m thinking about going all in on Nio leaps.

What strike do I choose? Jan 2023 $45 call?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/06ashwin the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
S-SPY-san! uwu dont touch me there!
It is a dip if you are buying puts :)
[deleted]
Edge
[deleted]
They've literally said on record they're avoiding lockdowns pre election to avoid appearing political.
  
El Paso just ordered four more morgue trucks
Your son or daughter starts an only fans account when they turn 18, wyd? How fast do you kick them out?
Not buying this shit, fuck you MMs
Lmao, they will be sooooo pissssssed when Trumpy wins
GG bears. Maybe next pandemic or election?
Wait what does this even mean? I think you are in over your head
[deleted]
Because it got so out of hand so fast that social media companies worked hard to ban it. Working “theory” is that Jeffery ep$tein was part of a global satanic cabal led by the clintons that kidnap thousands of children and drink their blood to get”adrenochrome” which is the magic drink that Hollywood celebrities and other “elites” drink to stay young, but also that drump is literally the second messiah sent personally by god to stop them all
Polls coming in. Gonna end green.
Convert it to Danish Krone?
Sell
strange af, pulled the trigger daily spy call
Thank you thats all i was looking for, head JRE speaking about it and was curious.
[deleted]
When do The Purge alarms start going off, midnight tonight or 8pm tomorrow when polls close?
Imma hop on that boat. Ill buy em off you cuzzzz
Proof that Canadians are cucks.

At that point, just buy KO stock or bonds. Not even leaps smh
Sell calls against it to lower your cost basis.
no low income housing?
So no one knows what the fuck right?
That's a lot to hedge...
Options good, options the day before the most heated election ever and during the middle of a pandemic and with sky high premiums? Maybe not so good
Here comes the pump fake.
Gay bear
I have to say all this back and forth is genuinely exhausting, like when will the time come when I can just park my money on one stonk and just allow it to sit there and look at it like next year or smth?
I’m in WI - our 7 day rolling death totals are up 8x in 30 days for a doubling period of 10 days
Cannabis ripping
Wtf pump is this? Election results out? Covid cured?
thats a tough dildo right there. straight jammed in my ass.
/r/theinternetofshit
As a gay bear? It’s quite the orgy tbh
What?
I’m down 29% this past month
XLE w/big energy
What a strange day it's been.
Fuck
Oh thank god
Do not hold til Wednesday, IV crush after election
Bears are just negative people in general.
Told you all spy vwap 329.77. Just crossed it. Time to add shorts
BAN
Same, and I did electoral college margin of victory and  popular vote margin of victory
He was briefed on it in January, didn’t lockdown until March and the stock market panicked. He placed his unqualified son in law in charge of the national stockpile of medical equipment, he consistently attacks scientists, and managed to still get covid in spite of being the most well-protected person in America, cause he’s literally too stupid to follow basic protocols for covid protection. 

What am I missing here? What has he done to inspire confidence that he’s the right person to handle this crisis? Don’t just tell me I’m wrong, tell me WHY I’m wrong. 

Fuck your politics - Logic and facts make money, your mango boner doesn’t.
Your ex also, just thought this time would be... different..
love me a nice 1pt green dildo
Bruh
My stocks and calls hope not...
Let’s hope the Chinese market survives until your next birthday my man lol
Need to break $28 to really start flying
Could be a hedge for their 250 million on SPY 335. That data is pretty much meaningless
$280 🤝
What the fuck
if my march call option is down 50% should I buy it again then when the market goes back up. wont take as long to recover?
IWM
Yes options
Show us your Dick then we can talk
F in chat for 🐻
Yes good job
I love how one side shits on the fact we have a celebrity reality tv show host president but then gets every celebrity they can to do cringy campaign pandering for them. Like ah fuck if Lady gaga says to vote for sleepy I guess that settles it

Puts on this country
Be me, eurorich, 6hrs ahead
  
I will know the results early :)
  
See you in my past brother
[deleted]
QQQ with that afternoon wood
Spy giving everyone blue balls lol
Told you to buy $330 calls a couple hours ago. They were only 45 cents and they will close the day at $2-3 at least.
delete this nephew
[deleted]
bro every hour Im getting even more excited sitting at work loool
Tbh Amazon is a good long but I too don’t understand why the fuck it’s dumping when it’s suppose to be “covid proof” 🤡
ALWAYS 100% of the time
Robinhood crashed so that probably means fuckery about to pop off

Or they're a shit company that can't keep the app functional during high volume days
Alright, all in on Baba calls. Expecting liftoff tomorrow or Wednesday
What the fuck spy
Yeah. Y?
Holy shit an actual SPY faceripper
Got burned trading them in the past good luck
Haven't seen a single stonk except for NIO mooning after ER despite good results. Best of luck
Q was a poster on 4chan claiming various celebs and high profile people were pedos and that mango was going to get them arrested.
MM algos written by same developers as RH, don't know it's now DST. Shit's gonna pump for another hour and 15min.
My short term election bet is puts on DK.
SPY puts
Estee Lauder or PayPal if you need your fix today
So no options?
While you seem to think, the markets will dump

You must have forgot, your portfolio can still pump

The instrument I tend to use, is a put option

This semen I spill, is a salty concoction
Buy tomorrow.   Should come down a bit.
I love how I’m so freaking cheap in my day to day. I hate wasting money or paying retail. But for some god forsaken reason I don’t even hesitate to drop thousands of dollars into meme stocks. Why am I like this!!! 🤡🤡🤡
Firefox
If spy doesn't die tomorrow,i will die.
That’s why I wear condoms.
Only in winter in new england
Wtf is this
AAPL puts
I guess I mean why how when everything is is fading into the grave
How fucked are my aapl $160 9/2022 leaps? I’m down 64% just hold???
BABA, that is also just before Ant IPO.  To the moon baby!
you clown, you would do that to your children?

fuck you
Yeah and every time i get it, it says link expired. And im not waiting around at all, this is all within 2 minutes, been trying off and on for a month
Just do the opposite of what u think
election has already started, but you'll see the somewhat live results through out the day on the media.

you'll see results towards the end of the night, but shit will be weird since this election is different due to covid and all the mail in ballots, etc.
332.36, SPY has already put in it’s high for the month
You think that California measure will pass?
So tomorrow confirmed Red?
[deleted]
What?
[deleted]
Money making tip: learn to be patient longer than the market stays irrational
RKT LOL
Nio puts are cheap and almost always goes down several % the next day after a run up.
I only do Tesla puts from my model 3 browser. I’m not poor.
Don’t lie, how many of you were bold enough to get spy 310 puts for 11/4
12 pro
It’s not actually a coherent theory, it’s a bunch of conspiracies wrapped into one to suck in losers and idiots
There's a prnt or something like that on the top right of your keyboard. Press it then go to paint and press ctrl+v. Then save it and upload the picture like that.
You must be lonely
Pump TSLA pump
No. Not the same conditions at all.

Might pump still tho to close above VWAP
Brave or Firefox?
GME spank
if you care about your descendant's success, this is literally the worse decision you can make. 

you need to hold your kid's hands as long as you can, and that includes a good mental spanking by showing them the reality that paying for most college degrees is fool's errand
 there is an open interest of 114000 for 11/20 spy 310p 

that is over 52 million dollars
Ask mom for moee
[deleted]
Icln will go uo tmrow once biden wins.
All in spy puts, weeklies. Trump doesn’t concede tomorrow.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/prettygurl_xoxo_luv don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Don’t those two hate cannabis
Lots and lots of media fear mongering is whats been going on the last couple months imo
Is this your 4th time saying you'll never buy puts again?
Always buy more.
?
2DTEs too expensive to play with today
EOD pump probably
i prefer: "your village called, they're missing an idiot"
[deleted]
GME calls for January 2021 or later
If y'all really are flabbergasted SNAP is above $40, you're kinda dumb
BAbA calls
How to lose 10k in one easy step. Buy AMD calls at 7 and sell at .30
Thier products are better than Intel's now, but nobody has the money to buy them
I can’t believe it’s not bankruptcy!
Trump needs to stay on the good side of Wall Street, those are his only friends.
If you’re too retarded to daytrade just go long at this point tbh
Wait. Buy in at $28.
Well I was hoping for another dip to buy into before tomorrow but no such luck
You think that would cause a civil war? You cant be serious. I dont think anything on a big scale will happen. Maybe some small riots or but not a damn civil war
VXX team. We are the watchers on the wall
HAVE YOU LEARNT NOTHING
It varies from state to state, some have started already with "early voting". A few states have early voting turnout exceeding the entire vote turnout for 2016. Some states such as Arizona are notoriously slow in counting their votes and they are also in a "later" timezone. It really isn't very likely that we will know the preliminary results until Wednesday, and that's only if there aren't equipment problems, counting problems, missing ballots, and other stupid BS that seems to plague our US voting process for two decades now.
there is an open interest of 114000 for 11/20 spy 310p
Fool me once, shame on robinhood.
Fool me twice, shame on robinhood.
Fool me three times STILL FUCKING ROBINHOOD NOT MY FAULT.
Why would you do that? 

Buckle up, the fun hasn't even started yet.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/keepitswolsome don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Do I buy more NIO now or do I wait
yes
give me a 5k yolo
I’m down 10k and a child, I got nothing to lose
Nah. If the loss is good enough to screenshot, it’s good enough to double down
Bon joor maple friend
Puts on FANG
PYPL drilling after earnings?
When’s the flight?
🤡
[deleted]
explain, plead with them that paying to go college is the FD of life.

you should be paid to go, or else go find a profession somewhere.

We need skilled trades.
If you don't even have enough in your account to buy a $TSLA call, you shouldn't be posting here.
Jesus just fucking crash already
overwhelming hospitals in texas and wisconsin this past week...
We just need stimulus after the election then the market can go up again. This market doesn't really care about virus anymore.
Invest smarter
Start: 4PM, End: It could take up until the end of the week.
Fellow Canadian as well 👋
Looking at $60 a bj so that’s about 100 bjs my friend
LOL ACB is up 17% today too. His puts are already worthless 😂
Cboe calls?
Dude they send you another email to reconfirm you wish to unsubscribe including a link. And it is only valid for 24h, miss that window and the roll back to fill your inbox
Eod pump coming, repeat of Friday 👀
we’ll see results coming in throughout the evening and have a general idea of the winner before midnight
I can barely believe that people use RH, but I 100% cannot believe that people use the app.

At least use desktop.
Nah theyll wait until right before thanksgiving right in the middle of the post election riots to announce it and then everyone will unite together to lose their shit.
Apple puts expiring ASAP
Loser mentality. This man has half a million and you?
PUT IT ALL ON CRON( a cannabis company) & hope Biden wins. It'll at-least get you to 7k don't know about 10.
Give it to me. I’ll give you a 100k back
Amazon, please drop to $2500. I’ll buy 100 OTM calls and get rich. Please, please, $2000 would be even better.
No. That will print Wednesday
NIO calls
SPY 325 puts 11/6 exp
I just read an alert that an autistic male near me is missing. One of you needs to call your mom.
USO puts?
Lol.....liberal Azz reddit pansies
AAPL been fucking me so hard that it's gonna turn me 🌈🐻
Flat Wednesday. Stay by w cash. Best chance to make money on a jump-in in a very long time.
That many times? Must be user error lol
STOP
How can I turn 4.3k back to 35k
Thought that was meant to be amzn
Short FANG then EOW.
Tempted to throw 10k at NIO 11/6 35c’s
The secret ingredient is crime
wowwww shutuppp
Bro if my child is retarded enough to think paying 100k for a liberal arts degree is a good investment then I've failed as a parent in the first place.
Arise, arise, Retards of Théoden!
spreads shall be shaken, calls shall be splintered,
a VIX-day, a red day, ere the sun rises!
PUTS now, PUTS now, PUTS! Puts for ruin and the world's ending!
Death! Death! Death!
Forth retardingas!
Lmao
Well I hope that’s never.
How can I turn 4.3k back into 10k?
"What time does the Bread Line Close?" - NIO Bears
YOLO is an acronym, which most people agree are words.

You musta went to public school.
I don't trust vegans. SOY P $0 12/18
What is Qanon and why cant i find any videos explaining what it is? All I find is “why Qanon is fake” “Qanon is dangerous”
CGC bumping. Pricing in a biden victory
Oof
Maybe
Is AMD competing with Elon's Boring company next?

It's been fucking only drilling for last 10 days
[removed]
The rally is going to be wild for whoever can withstand not being fucked by margarine
I'm just asking when the collateral will be released back to me as buying power
Not even close
Biden’s. He’ll rep all Americans.
if looking long, you could do worse than cgc, which already pumped today
I prefer to trade $CORN.
Yea let's make them both red
Not really
Bonjour
I went all in on leaps 3 months ago. Sitting pretty rn.
 Virus actually pretty weak, imo
Bears r fuk.
I’ll start buying when Amazon is less than $2500.
Tell them there's no jobs in lesbian donce
AXP to $95 EOY.
300s most likely toast unless trump does some incredibly weird shit
Sell instead of buy, take advantage
Them do are released late at night, west coast polls close at 11 Eastern (though those are all blue states every election)
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** After the pullback, factoring in STIMULUS, COVID, ELECTIONs; i'm balls deep in $KR and you should be to.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmrz4w
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmrz4w) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/SECdeezTrades, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Jack-Skinne
MasterCookSwag
duskyMonk
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Ups does
PSA: SNap is still a piece of shit
Big tittie goth anime chicks = 🌈🐻❤️
It's still going...
RH just screwed me 3 times on fills. App crashed what a POS
oil stocks obv short squeeze right?
Give me a strike
Yes
who tf made a bot that spams hentai? ban
bro
I just brought shares and let them ride .. no option plays
tell them to go to college overseas where tuition is much, much cheaper.
SQ could also be tanking because Jack Dorsey looked like a drunk hobo in his testimony last week. Let the dust settle and hang in there that company is only getting better.
We still have lower lows to discover
Nothing at all will happen. Thats what i expect.
When do elections start tomorrow? And when are results released?

- fellow Canadian
“Buy the rumor, sell the news”
Come back in a month, gaming hype round 2 coming up soon
Yeah I'm thinking about NIO for the 17th ER
With everyone all anti-lockdown these days, governors will wait too long to take stringent measures and hospitals will become overrun in multiple counties. 

SOY 300 12/18
damn shorts closing right now from the 326 range
Way oversold. After elections it’s gonna rocket.
What is this cracked out pic
Same.. can’t bet directly on pres result though because it said it was at max but bet on other things such as him winning Fl and Az!
[deleted]
I use my TI-84. I keep winning $$$ when I type in “80085”. It’s my secret I’ll share with you degens.
The facts are there, this shit is gonna take off. If you don’t get in on this, you’re gonna have more regret than your dad when he knocked up your mom. 

$SPCE, 35 contracts, 12/18 19c
ZM safe heaven, covid proof boys and girls
[deleted]
Ugh I got 3100c 2/19 right before the dump dump
Laugh at them.  I'd know I fucked up if my kids were delusional enough to think I'd pay for that shit.
tell them to get a job then start taking 2k a month from them so they know what they are getting into before its too late
Depends on the school
This did not age well, you deserve all the pain
My dad is the dean at the Electoral College and he said don't come to the market this week.
CGC
Woah boomer autist
who cares what 🥭 says anymore after the polls close?
probablyyy should have pushed all the chips into CGC over the weekend. fuck. this is like the 4th time it's bounced large in the past 1.5 months.
Based on what? Prop 22 not passing in CA?
Should I pull out of my SPXS $6 calls with a loss or no 11/20 strike
couldve cashed spy put for 20%, sold at even cuz of freak-dildo, now not sure
Ok bye
Wha?
So I potentially fucked up. But see if biden wins, landslide or not, wouldn't trump throw a tantrum and make everything super volatile?
This market will continue to dump. The election will end but corona will get worse. Might have to take a break from markets for a while.
$327 EOD and I’ll never buy puts again I SWEAR
hentai
Here we go, it’s working towards SPY vwap 329.77 now. I will go short spy end of day today and sell at open.
God finally RKT holding some gains. Absolutely miserable watching this thing pump a few percent to ultimately end lower on the day.
hentai
hentai
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VXX   26.0|1.95|1.98|1.94|-0.44|174.436%


VXX 26.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxf57i&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Overbought and oversold simultaneously
hentai
Better odds than a 100k GME yolo
I sold my HAL earlier for $12.46 a share. That was a dumb move. I should’ve trusted myself and stuck with it a little longer.
Ban.
Haha yeah..
Someone give me a yolo
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**STZ**|**$177.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-06**|**$2.19**|**$174.845**|**84**|**151**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckh0y6qtgipwn07512byre5i8) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/hockey_bettor/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
333 EOD
he promised me $1200.  If i dont get it im stopping traffic.
$268.5 resistance on qqq
Still rallying from the big earnings beat couple weeks ago probably
Maybe I should buy VXX 11/6 $26c and $26p at ~$2 each for a likely >$4 move either way?
🌈🐻✊ just about done with their smoke break 🚬🚬🚬
Better have a hedge
The lesson to learn here is to not play options in this type of market. The risk reward is off the charts but no way to make an educated bet on direction. Sit on the sidelines for like a month and then fire up the options casino.
I got nothing
Made some bets on predictit for my boi mango
"SUCK IT, JIAN YIANG"
IV higher than camel pussy
Oversold?
Spy CEO announce stock buyback
You smart SOB
Do you know what safe haven means?
Suspect if there's sustained rotation from tech into travel / covid-affected stocks etc. in run up to vaccine news it can be taken as given that Wall Street knows something public doesn't ..
This is the dumbest thing I’ve ever participated in. 

But I wouldn’t want to lose my money with anyone but these fucking retards.
I want it lower...keep tanking. Cash on hand
Ppl go out that late??
Oh I understand the memes. Just not the self loathing work you all do
Tell them to do it on their own then
Yeah that's why you buy tomorrow you tard and wait for them to go up
Circuit breaker Wednesday
Jpow really said my printer still works
You mean like last Tuesday?
Market is having its way with me, and i did not consent
AAPL bull here getting fawked
This spy dump is gonna be mess
this market reminds me of a great doc: king of kong. if u haven't seen it, nflx that shit. tight
Polls pump
I wasn’t even talking about legislation. 

Gun manufacturers thrive during a Democrat Presidency because of all the “Dems till take away all our guns” rhetoric. 

It’s fear. Plain & simple. Just the sheer chance of a Biden win sent gun sales through the roof.
What to yolo
They want you to pay...
Pornstars pumping stock
Yeah just like tiktok went away when he "banned" it
I’m bullish on NIO too
I can’t believe NIO rallied back after that death sell off. Bullish.
Get in safe havens like NIO and RKT
COUP coming right back to september support at 238 on this 9% acquisition drop. anyone eyeing entry later this week?
Watch SPCE pull a SNAP at earnings and moon solely because they went slightly less into debt than the previous quarter.
Big oil killing it today
[deleted]
No way.  It makes me feel alive.  My mom always told me my immune system is like a muscle. Need to work it out to make it stronger.
Yep the market knows whats happening tomorrow
Get them addicted to FDs on a $100k student loan
What is happening with BA?
Name checks out GUH
 It's a whazy. It's a woozie. It's fairy dust. it doesn't exist. It's never landed. It is no matter. It's not on the elemental chart. It's not fucking real.
So its a toss up between Nio, ICLN, and Weed leaps. Why not all 3?
Any outcome is contested most likely
If tariffs are lifted and they can export outside of China,  then you'll be sitting pretty.  Otherwise idk
Which one?
Sounds like SPCE today.
depends on if you hate money or not
I thought it was funny
Go ask the guys who went all in on FSLY at 120 DKNG at 64 and PTON at 130
It's their debt, not mine. Fuck them.
uber puts for next week, thank me later
Buy at close can take advantage of the am pump or daily dump
Will be cheaper soon
This isn’t related to the stock market melt up coming up. You’re arguing against yourself.
Yo
One last bull trap before the day ends....
Fucking roos man, every time I try to day trade SQQQ and TQQQ they reverse the instant I buy in.  You can beat roos, best not to try.
My hedge is Wendy's BJs. Literally can't go tits-up.
yeah I guess if you buy a retarded expiry and hold for too long that's what happens
If your down on your puts and I’m down on my calls. Whos winning?
IWM just shitting on bears rn
Everybody and their uncle already knows that the market is virtually risk free and buying the dip works 100% of the time, so why not?
[deleted]
wtf is the point of this shit lol
Bring back the thumb wheel!
Anyone know why algn up so much, can't seem to find anything from them.
YOLO is a word
I need pypl to do well on earnings for the sake of my sq calls plz
What's a "share"?
 LQD 130.5p 11/13
and their investor call for earnings is after market close, considering how it's going .... it might be red tomorrow who knows at this point. Look at 2022 Jan $3 put someone bought a ton of those today. Problem is very few analysts cover the stock and the very few that do think well winter is here, nobody is camping when in reality trends don't shift that quickly and RV sales continue to be really high
If spy breaks the 200ma on the minute chart, it will hit vwap before end of day
Just got off the phone with one of the Bogandoffs, he said “pump it”
Yes, cash only til Wednesday
Where are my fellow bulls at?
I think so. Pilots are secured and I'm hoping after a successful test flight it soars.
Morning Star because its the only Marijuana stock that has 1 billion dollars cash which it got from Marlboro's Acquisition. It was also one of the only Marijuana companies that didn't buy a bunch of companies at a ridiculous price in 2018/2019. Its the only one that can still be a strong contender even if Marijuana doesn't pick up for another 8-10 years. Already generates around 40M in revenue and has market cap of 2 Billion (more than most Marijuana stocks on the market). So 6.50 is a proper evaluation, it's currently undervalued and will probably only be this way until Wednesday.
Cramer told boomers to buy this week.  


On a more serious note, market expects Biden election with blue senate. If we get contested or anything else market will go down. Highly likely contested.
FUCK AMZN ALL MY HOMIES HATE AMZN
seriously bro wtf 😢
[deleted]
green dow red nasdaq is illegal
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/hockey_bettor don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trading it on the Chinese market?
I never thought about this before, what will Trump do after he loses? Another Apprentice? You know he can't just fade away like a normal ex-President.
Aight bet
Spy is gonna get denied so hard
Going all in spy puts if it hits 329.6
Nio is also 90% of his portfolio.. just looking out for him
I'm makuchaku@ on TradingView. Chat there?
UVXY looks like bunch of lil batman heads
[deleted]
Hope you did it for Friday and not any further out.
Listen, man.
I don't want to lose a thing. Wake me up when September ends.
At this point would Biden contest any Trump win?
Anyone remember trading futures on election night '16?
Get to the fucking batmobile
This is a rich man's game. The little guy is worth nothing. You will be steamrolled by the whims and mood swings of an MM Chad, no matter how close you may get to finally breaking free from financial hell.
Your son or daughter wants to go get a liberal arts degree and says it will put them in a 100k debt.. wyd??
I agree and plan to do the same.... but once the dust settles.  Not opening anything new today :)
[deleted]
I use my smart chair to trade.
Thanks friend. You make me rockhard.
[deleted]
Betting on Biden over uncertainty or trump is my guess.
huge calls on NVDA expiring 11/20 and late December. big money knows something. holy moly...
Buy a put you idiot.  Permabulls so stupid when stonks don’t always go up.
Look at APPL and AMZN so far this year compared to BA.

Price moves after earnings are dependent on what the price did before earnings, it's not like the stock is having an IPO every earnings call.
[deleted]
A fate worse than death
nope
They’ll replace all those mall retail jobs with positions at Amazon warehouses.  We’re not actually in a recession, the economy is just changing
THE VIRUS IS THE THING! THE VIRUS IS THE THING!
Lol Trump isnt giving out a stimulus
If he forces his reelection
The green one
Not a problem fam
isnt historically election days are bullish
Yeah and both ACB and Canopy have earnings next week.  At this point I am trying to figure out when to swap from Calls to Puts.
Oh god YOLO isn't even a word... Our schools are trash...
👐
fugazi pump
2 weeks not enough?

🐷🐷🐷
 https://twitter.com/BNODesk/status/1323348221733855234?s=20 

> NEW: Massachusetts orders many businesses to close at 9:30 p.m. daily due to coronavirus, public urged to stay at home between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m.
wayfair calls, not sure. amc does sound logical
Don’t you even think about it SPY
I meant a red day. And anything above the pre covid numbers are fake highs anyway for most stocks.
I'm a bull on oil as a recovery stock (buy long in a month or two?) but feel like buying puts today on a short term play.
Ayy sold my QQQ puts at the bottom...maybe....now what to do for tomorrow, cash gang seems enticing for the first time ever.
[deleted]
Trading channels
Thank you sir. You make me rockhard.
I don't get it. Why get her into yoloing her savings when you can just yolo her savings yourself?
You’ve had two months. This market is so oversold
Will we ever see one day $10 swings on SPY ever again?
SPY volume isn't dropping. It's going to get ugly if people are still repositioning, let alone adding to positions!
I slightly exaggerated. Every two weeks I get about $900-950. Pre-tax I get 13.50/hr. Minimum wage here is around $8.
$300 lmao
Were literally still almost 2k points down on the Dow with election volatility at ATH 😂
Last chance for cheap puts
Gotta love when the SPY 330P you bought almost at the daily high gets IV crushed back to what you paid for it in the span of 5 minutes despite SPY being 1% lower.
I would vomit if NIO ever is worth 500
Biden
[removed]
Who else owned nio at less than $3 a share?
Dude, that’s easy money. Gtfo here if you think that’d be annoying
You are retard
Give me one reason tomorrow will be flat or green
It's just money haha right guys?
lol BULLL GANNNGGG
I want to see blood and cum
Yeah it did. Tempting me to buy something for this week
Let's be real, she never loved him
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** According to UBS the implied probability that we will only know the outcome of the elections on or after November 9th is over 40%

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmtin9
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmtin9) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/JPAMota, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
BoardButcherer
bpcqd
Unless the civil works starts at 3am cause Trump wins
This post just reminded me how poor I am
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Who is down $300+ from buying puts today
Puts on weed stobks then
Damn spy really closing above $330 lmao
I'm no expert but you probably should have sold at $9.58
If amazon makes it back to 3k this 🐻may feel bullish again
# Do you all know the thing ?
Yeah this will be bloody the rest of the week
anyone got a good explanation for this pump?
I’ve only heard that 400 times lol. Not an msft fan but I respect the play
Sriracha aioli on everything
Also dont forget Elizabeth Warren could legitimately be treasury secretary. Anyone want to hazard a guess how her financial policy would affect markets? And Bidens tax plan to raise capital gains, even tho likely not in effect until 22, do you think huge asset managers hold till January 1st 2021 and hope it does not kick in till 2022? If Trump wins and red sweep you could see no stimmy. Literally no short term win for markets. Long term it doesn't matter whos in office just allocate to the sectors they favor
yea boy.  My CGC 12/18 calls are up 77% today. APHA calls also up a chunk.
Weeklies are why I’m poor
>Trying to push federal laws onto states over gun control is about the most politically suicidal thing you can do in this country.

Yet here we are. They're pretty open about their gun control plan and they think the time is right to finally push it through. Maybe the millions of new gun owners from the recent panic buying might see the light and tell them to slow down, but I'll believe it when I see it. 

Maybe they're all talk... But I'm in California and I got a taste of Kamila Harris's love of gun control with that whole handgun roster + microstamping silliness in addition to all the other stuff that they'd love to introduce to everyone.
Heterosexuality
You don’t lay down tp first?
Batman forming in TQQQ you know what that means
CNBC saying the market is acting odd today lmao everyone getting played
If the deal falls through I better get a coupon for a free beef n cheddar.
Alright I'm in if biden wins
2/19 is my birthday actually (hilarious it was the end kf the bull market this past year) so I’ll be holding until then for sure
[deleted]
🤡^
You may want to double check that.  From the article I linked above:

"A trader must make the mark-to-market election by the original due date (not including extensions) of the tax return for the year prior to the year for which the election becomes effective."

That's straight from the IRS.  Accountants make mistakes all the time.  It sounds like your accountant thinks that the election must be made by the due date for the taxes including extensions (which is Oct 15).   But the IRS pub specifically says "not including extensions" which would make it Apr 15 (or possibly July 15 this year; I'm not sure if that covid thing counted as an extension or a new "original" date).

At the very least I'd send your accountant that link and ask them about the discrepancy.
Roo crew.
Bulls have the memory of a goldfish
all day but some states don't start counting early/mail-in votes until tomorrow so they probably won't be done at least until wednesday
My mom said she just bought 40k of acb shares cause she got her medical card.
Spending usually involves getting something in return though
It did run up like a mofo though.
We know very different republicans
[removed]
Tried to warn you 🌈🐻, Super V+ close today
Shits gonna go crazy when mango man declares himself king tomorrow night.
Last time you'll ever get MSFT for 200 again
that spike was your last chance to buy puts
if this keeps up I’m gonna have to get a job 😡
Obviously we are all extremely surprised
[deleted]
Thinking about getting leverage from my mom and her boyfriend. Is this the Wall Streets Bets way?
You probably smell like rotten cheese
that fool only watches tv and hold Nazi rallies
Give me extra sausage
What's this savings strategy you mention?
[deleted]
Who ready for red EOD
Ambushed by Kang gang
I’d like to make a move but I get my day trades back tomorrow so I’ll wait ig :/
I’m not sure but we’ve been warned to expect days or weeks to count all this shit
Too much DD
Cant wait for  Ant group IPO
The day after election is always green
Im interpreting this is a quick short cover, and eod dump
Akin to saying "It can't be that easy to expect inside-exercise bike Peloton to moon during a pandemic". Or "It can't be that easy to expect tech to moon during a pandemic". Or "It can't be that easy to have a bull market while the Fed pumped trillions monthly". Or "It can't be that easy for Lowe's to moon on DIY during lockdown". While WSB over-complicates & is reactionary on the day-to-day, a lot of the good plays have been fairly common sense (if inflated by the money-printer). It is fairly common sense that the market will moon on a consensus government & stimulus bill; it is fairly common sense the market fill flail on a contested election. No "It can't be that easy" about it.
NIO call debit spreads DKNG calls SPY call credit spreads
Even just selling a $42 weekly call this morning would have netted him a free 15k 🙄
Bro wtf is this swagbucks chat room and how do I leave
TSM and LRCX calls
Serious answer is that TQQQ and SQQQ are for shorter term plays due to beta slippage.
hoping for a speedy recovery 🙏
Yes
I really like weed leaps I don’t think republicans are even against legalization at this point
Ever think about how gross the guy before you on a public can may have been?
VIX don't give a fuck about elections, holidays, news, just percentage changes. We're chopping. VIX doesn't like chopping.
yes
Sq has been massacred lately
The market is pretty down before the election?? Lol what’re you on bud
Oh so my 300’s are toast?
$SPCE getting ready for takeoff?
wish for you
I’ll see you guys in the Wendy’s parking lot
I hope you are putting ground up glass in his oatmeal??
And a quick Trump concession with no claims of fraud or legal escalation?
Sick of investing.com emails won't actually let you unsubscribe, just sends you in a loop.
Blame me. I bought a 328p and sold a 328/329 call credit spread.
why does your fridge look like a shitty 10 yr old Android phone?
MVGA!!
what time tomorrow do the polls get counted?
Honestly necessary. Not sure what the curfew might really help but people have been getting out of hand recently. Trend is not looking good at all in MA.
[deleted]
Dump
"Man looks at a daily chart zoomed in on 1 week of price action, is confused"
This market is giving me the shits
thanks for the last minute put sale your stupid ass algos (or shorts). Preesh
If they miss, drill.

If they beat, also drill.

All stocks drill in 2020Q3 after earnings.

Exceptions are Snap, Goog, Pins.
why are you guys saying bears in shambles? when actually I am in shambles
sure it wasnt a chopper crash?
No one is really surprised there was a bounce off of last week's lows, are they?
Lmfao bahahaha I swear y’all are actually retarded it’s kinda sad
*weed calls grow louder in the distance*
I hope the majority of retail that’s buying options believes that too
No he won't. Cult stays a cult
flip a coin, probably puts
SQQQ
Check out r/Kroger lol it’s a dumpster fire and the union is attempting to strike
TQQQ on high volatility.
Did anyone really think Trump would allow the market to be down the day before the election? He’s got jpow at gunpoint running the printers at warp speed
Please, don't.
TQQQ shares

Qqq options
VIX drop?  What, in February?
Vegans frown on this
Ehh everything is clear in hindsight
[removed]
[deleted]
Hope the guy that bought my PLUG puts I sold Friday is doing alright
I'm calling a post election rally regardless of who wins. Any takers?
DKNG completing teepee pattern
[deleted]
Ummm, we can easily see 320 in this type of market
Is this warm up for tomorrow?
Stupid bears 🐻 you should feel ashamed if you converted.
Imagine my surprise that AAPL is going to be the reason I go broke
Your grandpa clearly knows better than you 


Meanwhile in his head: “My autistic grandkid won’t leave me alone, keeps talking about options like he just discovered them”
This guy knows what it’s like to have athletes foot.
Pretty sure he purposely texted himself with his wife's boyfriend's phone for fake and 🌈 internet points
Too late now
I'm Jerome Powell and I approve this pump
Fuck my life in to pieces, this is my last resort
Puts woulda printed
They're not really pumping a stock, all of China's EV stocks are going up because the government has a goal of putting more electric vehicles on the road so China becomes a leader in EVs. The way they are doing that is by restricting vehicle registrations for gas powered cars, but if you get an EV instead its easier to get a license. They're kind of pumping the whole industry which is why XPENG and LI Auto are also going up.

By the way Tesla also sells cars in China which is why Tesla has also benefited from this. Though I think Tesla shot up too much too so its going through a correction.
Uh my shit is officially weekly now
ACB FD when it dips tomorrow. If joe looks like a winner, we should see a big pop. All he has to do is sign an executive order. Energy is a good play, but that takes way to long to pay out.
Fridge: “Your milk and your Tesla calls are expiring soon, would you like me to order more?”
Sad.
shake out gang
[deleted]
QQQ vs TQQQ? 

Which one do you guys prefer playing?
[deleted]
[deleted]
You really think VIX will drop before election night? I don’t think so
Oh my, spy came early...
lol you'd have capped his gainz many times over.
Bet can you have them deliver it to the front of my tent in the park
so did I? thats why i bought options calls in it for next week... always bet against myself.
Domp eet
> selling earnings forward

Thoughts on a play? seems like a setup for a bullish rally... 40mm short 9mm float.  Perhaps a less than terrible EPS loss with a short squeeze tomorrow ?
him and I both :'(
the volatility some of these stocks on the Nasdaq are moving 1% in 10 minutes fucking hell
Drill team 6 got into a car crash on their way to SPY's HQ. Thoughts and prayers 🙏🙏🙏
Those are printing well now though! Let’s hope the gravy train keeps rolling
If we have a week of pumping in AH and dumping during trading hours all week that would be so annoying lol
You need to jerk off more. That wrist action is weak
Does that mean calls on solar energy stocks?
MM’s have Hearts too
How to play pypl earnings? Anyone? Worth it? What has their stock done around earnings previously
[deleted]
What the literal fuck is this market
Sorry $320 put holders
now we're talking.
🤷‍♂️
uh oh, bears are fuk?
You think this phases me? I put my socks on first thing out the shower.
Need a Friend Fam?
Lol damn you
Those are his words. He knows well what he tweets, he wants market to crash or at least beat big tech corporations. Classic mob play.
Lol this is beyond Kang gang
Good thing I sold covered calls and secured puts ahaha
Dementia pill factory
I think VXX will plummet tomorrow night, with a Biden landslide.
Dumpppp
I was adding to tech on Friday but it has not paid off. I unwound some other positions to be able to buy tech if it continues to go down.  I think the risk/reward for the market is good at this point but the action is not what I expected.
I'm such a fucking pussy. I can't justify making a move right now, feels like pure gambling. Cash gang, rise up.
AMZN PUTTTTTSSSS 🤑🤑🤑
I have spy puts but love the daily algo spy pump. Reminds me that humans should not be involved in the stock market
if $MSFT keeps sinking EOW I’m gonna beg for food 😎
hentai
Hail Mary pump to shake out the weak, get fucked MM
OOOO RKT is up almost trading at 19$.  What a fucking joke.  this shit
You’re banking on China staying in the game heavy
I mean yeah haha. 

Damn selling covered calls every 2 days would net you like $800-$1k per week for the past few weeks if played correctly, ugh. wish I couldve done that.
Did you start with negative $12,000?
[deleted]
[removed]
Stimulus matters more for who gets control of house and senate than presidency. But yes, bullish either way.
just wait until VIX drops, then your puts will really be dead.  perma bears are as bad as perma bulls.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SQQQ   40.0|0.51|0.54|0.52|-0.05|156.001%


SQQQ 40.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gaxdqi6&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
going all in amazon
I’m retarded I meant yes lol, I’m selling CCs on everything I own
The market is in a long term uptrend and looking at past elections in this situation the market goes back up 90% of the time. Interest rates are still 0% so a lot of big players will be investing at these low prices. Also technically the candlesticks are forming long shadows indicating the selloff is losing steam. Follow my advice at your own risk but I'd say in the next 30 days the market has a 90% chance of going higher.
Setting up for a power dump
PLTR is such a beast. She refuses to go down..
I bought a new iPhone; I did my part.
Nobody tell him.
BA just reported loss of 449mil in Q3, stock up 3% today

In the meantime, aapl/amzn dropped 10% since reporting practically printing money 24/7 with covid or not.

2020 is that kind of year
Is this the Covid tech bubble popping? & what’re are some solid value stocks
*AmAzOn Is ReCeSsIoN pRoOf.*
sell?
Idk man
Amateur. Real gay bears stick it in the vacuum
NIO is a Chinese commie scam
Hella goofy
[deleted]
Dang I got shaken out. I tried to stay cash hang but couldn’t help myself
Once RSI hits 70, I am going in on more puts.
[deleted]
My grandpa has 2 million in nio and I keep begging to show him how to sell covered calls to collect stupid amts of premium but he just says he’s “satisfied”. Boomers man..
xilinx buyout bullish as fuck. Intel's over there in the corner selling off fabs and industry arms, AMD is buying big players.
Theta gang wins again
I think this is the opposite lad
Oh my
Biden win? Yeah, that would be nice I guess, but Senate blue wave and 13 states voting to legalize marijuana is what I’m betting on
very cool, very legal!
why so high?
Bears are in shambles as usual.
These are all Chinese people
Short squeezing in T-minus 30 minutes
Agreed. Pump this bitch up
Dread it, run from it, MSFT $200 arrives all the same
[deleted]
Any thoughts on vxx 27c 11/13. First time playing vxx not sure if strike/exp is too far
BTW I love gay people. It just rhymed
[deleted]
Exhaled too hard. Snot came out of my nose
Just to be clear, the breakeven price target here is $109. Godspeed.
Ur muthr is hotz tho
just sell it. it’s down like 15% in 3 weeks, for a blue chip stock you couldn’t ask for a better situation
PUMP ITTTTT
Trump winning mark my words and I dont even vote for trump
[deleted]
Bulls... we will have our vengeance, in this life or the next
NIO is about to be worth like 500 per share and people are sleeping on it when it's only at 30 rn 🤡
bears are once more fuck
Bruh not every 10 point Dow swing is caused by market manipulation. If you can’t handle the heat then join me in cash gang and let mr. market do his thing for a few weeks. There are always opportunities to make money in the future.
VXX right now, waiting for the bottom then buying LEAPS on ADBE
they dont work during the 9:30am to 4pm trading time. Only in the pre market and aftermarket.
Was asking the same. I think something big is cumming before er
Beyond depressing. I sold all of my calls today smdh.

&#x200B;

Shares are down 10% but I will keep them.
I bought the $30c 2/19/21 like a smart retard back when it was $27. Best of luck to both of us I guess
🥈🌞🚀 all in
Just think how much it will be worth once apple goes up, sell now
Yeah, great pick! That’s my largest holding
Yeah but you could benefit from a huge IV crush after the e*ection
spy red eod? maybe a last minute major dump but then again maybe a last minute major pump like the legal one on friday
Spoke too soon
It don't go down
Incompetent Trump to be president you want
Windows pc
Quit crying about bears and buy puts on covid hype stocks, the bubble is popping. Buy calls on value.
Jeez, SQ is just being massacred, wish I would have just put that in BA instead.
tim apple is literally a terrorist
Not sure if that's worse than tech calls lol
What's the rush? its gonna drop in an hour or overnight
[deleted]
AAPL cant reverse. It's a dead stock after those earnings results
I dont see any dip
This is the way
Lol until tomorrow
Good opportunity to buy more puts, thanks jpow
So you’re ignoring trumps massive debt. Got it
They say every time a bell rings, a retard gets his margin call.
I'm going with AMC 2.50c ER tonight with good news so they can dump their stock and get more value for their offering.
Amazon looks like a 🌈🐻 destroyed it
I think I'm gonna wait for any rally tomorrow and enter put position then.
QQQ is a bubble and will pop on the vaccine. It’s already showing serious weakness even before any vaccine news
Yeah maybe for like a month. Then he’ll just be some guy yelling into abyss that no one cares about.
Bought a Tesla put and just really don’t feel good about it.
If NIO hits 40 eow,I'm gonna send everyone in this thread a meat lover's pizza from domino's
Fuck it, I’m gonna sell puts. They, whoever they are, won’t let this die die.
SPY puts vs SPXL puts what’s the difference if we’re expecting a big move down? Higher liquidity doesnt mean much in the grand scheme of things does it?
you know you love to see those random green dildos
💎✋🐻🏳️‍🌈
if Trump wins we get a sooner stimulus and business friendly prez.  If biden wins we get a huge stimulus.  Bull bull bull.
Nice...
Expect Tech to tank until mid Nov. Every first week after a new president is elected is suppose to be a red week also so just expect things to get cheaper or stagnate. Its great because you can holds some cash now and invest on your next paycheck.
Jesus Christ lol
[deleted]
i’m rly surprised that tesla is still holding around 400 despite how inflated this shit is lmao.. pretty impressive
for real what is OP even talking about? biden in short and long term will make markets decline
We are never gonna get SPY at this high of an IV ever again right
[Apple announces event for Nov 10th where new Macs with Apple chips expected](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/02/apple-announces-event-for-nov-10-where-new-macs-with-apple-chips-expected.html) (ARMs).  Posted shortly after I made this post.  

Here’s to hoping I get some of this back in the green.
This sell-off has been very orderly. Nobody is panicking to get out which indicates that it is a broad rotation and risk-off exercise leading up to the election.

The million-dollar question is .... "has everyone positioned correctly and ready to move it lower?"

Also, I am in the camp of a post-election rally but that is what everyone is expecting. That can only mean that it will not happen.  It can't be that easy.

I raised cash today because I was fully invested and I want to have some dry powder should the market go lower.
$SQQQ 11/20 40c

600 vol with an IV of 160% who the fuck is buying this shit lol...
Amazon debit spreads
[https://www.brookings.edu/blog/the-avenue/2020/10/28/older-voters-may-secure-a-biden-victory-in-2020s-swing-states/](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/the-avenue/2020/10/28/older-voters-may-secure-a-biden-victory-in-2020s-swing-states/)
To pull their stock selling earnings forward and count them as profits
[deleted]
It would be better in the bathroom
I was quoting op
Who’s buying the tech dip today?
No IV is sky high on everything
Yeah right!  Everyone will be tuning in to see that lunatics meltdown.  Twitter to the moon if Trump loses.
🥭 ‘Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests’ . Going down boys.
Hentai tho
u fuk my muthr
As it appears an erection has formed on SPY

The meth that you have smoked, does not lie

Red we go, for most of the days

Come tomorrow, we wipe out the gays
Trump's incompetence directly supports Bezos.
only if we close on a green dildo. If we dump at close wait til open tomorrow
So SEDG earnings tonight AH can we get the ICLN slump off now?
What to yolo
Fuck every time I wanna sell my AAPL put it goes down a tiny bit and tempts me to hold omfg 
I’m so scared of short covering or just random reversal
Bulls all excited but qqq still looking like a rape victim
328 is seriously a bitchc
scary pumpkin but not scary enough for these hands
The pump before the dump.

There's nothing in the market, much less in this economy to sustain any rally at this point. Every pump is gonna be a bull trap.
If you dont believe a Trump win will cause civil war I think you have not been watching pretty much anything for the last 4 years. They were marching on Washington in 2016 and he had not even taken office lmao. Ask yourself why are major retailers in NYC boarding up windows? Think they are expecting a hurricane???
CRSR is fucking dead.  God damnit.
If you want to hold your puts don’t open the app till next week.
Bruh im holding longs and even i got dazed by that spy climb 🤣🤣🤣
My put order filled. Now time for 328.
The stocks you hold will go down, the rest of the market will go up.
And what exactly made you think a company with a 100 P/E ratio was a good investment for March 2021?
Look at the 3 month graph for Biden's odds here and then compare it to the 3 month graph of SPY: https://www.predictit.org/markets/detail/3698

The high vol days for the election were flat for SPY and the high vol days for SPY were flat for the election. Basically, the market and election result are uncorrelated.

*The market doesn't care about your retarded politics, it only cares about making money.*
Weed, solar
Fridge is over 1 year old now but the ice maker comments have me spooked ngl
I feel that 😂
If Trump loses. Puts on TWTR
Who is joining me in 🌞gang if Biden wins?
God damn I shoulda listened to the people that said take profits on my 11/6 330 puts. Fuck lol
Question- Why would AMC announce a offering before their ER ? IF they are about to drop bad news on ER why would they announce a ceiling of $2.50?
hentai
NIO dont give a fuck
Why?
if youve held thro the past 2 weeks, then might as well hold lol, not much more downside, im boutta double donw
hentai
Red: frige is empty


Green: fridge is full
hentai
Nobody anywhere has a knack for predicting anything.  Even most funds fail over time.  As soon as you realize all trading is just guesswork the better off you'll be.
5.06 for a 328p expiring Wednesday.

LMFAO
MORE PUMP!!! MORE!!!!
I come here like many before me have...I need a 10 bagger.
I see you keep your tendies in the fridge
My favorite bread is PUMPernickel
Who got out before that big green dildo
hentai
This is reasonable. What are you doing here?
EOD pump just like Friday
THE?!
1
2
Autistic retards
Elevator up, staircase down
The email is a courtesy email. If you are a highly valued client, you may even get a phone call. The truth is, they will be selling you out in the next 24 hours if you don't deposit more money or take care of the problem yourself.

Also, you have no way to control what they sell and they have a right to sell anything... oh yeah, and they don't have to wait. They actually have the right to sell whatever they want, as soon as your account goes into margin call status.
I beg your pardon
💎 🖐 SPY 327p VXX 27c
PDT rules?  what strike/expiry?
UVXY 1
[deleted]
Bloody Tuesday
I use my dishwasher.   Hes not the startest guy. But he's been right a few times
What broker u using?
people are buying liberal stocks like Cannabis because they know Big Tech about to get regulated with the new President and VP coming into the office. Everything is being played as of Liberals winning. If you look at those stocks like solar, weed, industrial .... they  are all up.
Plunge

Protection 

Team
Idk if you’re being sarcastic but it’s gonna pull another Tesla
Yes
Will spy hit VWAP 329.8 today? Stay tuned for next 2 hours
10
explanation pls
PLUG
Still holding eod $330p’s tight and close to my chest
1
hentai
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢁⠒⠀⢀⡔⠂⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⢹⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠁⠀⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠟⠛⠛⠓⢄⡀⠀⢂⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⡀⡌⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⢁⠄⢀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡄⠁⠀⢀⣀⠀⠘⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⡂⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡠⠔⡞⣡⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡠⠈⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠱⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢄⣾⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⢢⣿⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⢐⠀⠀⡀⢐⠆⣹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⣿⣿⣿⣄⡄⠀⠈⠀⠀⠁⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡁⢘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡀⢀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡸⣿⣿⠏⠻⠟⠀⡌⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⡋⠀⠀⠀⠠⠐⠉⠀⠀⢀⠨⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠆⠀⠀⠀⡀⠄⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⠀⠀⢠⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠻⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡿⠛⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠀⠀⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⢿⣿ ⣿⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢻
Didn’t know algos could fomo
Damn IWM having a seizure.
Totally natural organic growth.
This doesn’t even make sense, this is still playing one side. A true retard I see
Calls on asian dildo or carrot
If you’re messing with that much get some of both
Paper handed gayyyy
I’ve come to the realization I should’ve been shorting QQQ this whole time
322 was the bottom
While you sit here and joke

About the man who is woke

You suddenly become ill

As the bat virus will

End your life
hentai
SPY just warped to 329 that easy. Bears are fuk always remember.
Wtf happened? Rona cured?
$1.20 pump in 2 minutes, ridiculous
My BENIS always says Zynga but I’ll chill until the election is called. Dip your toes into theta gang until the market picks a direction.
September happened.
hentai
No way. They are REALLY blue.
Just bought calls on one so we can hope
I know... Hehe. I'm inside my sister's cuchi too
AMC calls
TSLA is my barometer for the market’s appetite for risk. 

Up 2.2% today
They reported strong October Sales
Yep, but won't do yours.. sorry.
probably should stop out of your puts now.  it's not going to finish below where we were 20 minutes ago.
What if I'm just here to confirm my DD is contradicting the majority of the sub?
True, just wish I was free to open/close my trades when I want
no more pumperino pls
I can't buy your shitty iphone if my calls don't print. Ball's in your court AAPL
[deleted]
a debit spread might be the move. I expect the election to not turn out as bad as people think and by December amazon should be seeing new highs
Buy VXX now, eod, tomorrow am, tomorrow pm?

Press 1 for now

Press 2 for eod

Press 3 for tom am

Press 4 for tom pm

Thx you
Bet
That’s what I hope for but instead, it’s down 75%
Are ya winning dad? 😯
please don’t fall for it
How many paper hands on puts just got shaken out lol
Which of the 2 new America’s do you guys wanna live in?
328 back with vengeance
If I was 116, I’d have enough to retire and all I have to do is wait. Checkmate poverty.
I use my phone to trade and my fridge for hardcore porn.
Whale tail has saved me many of times.
Welcome to the deadcat bounce. Next stop, 325
Can’t believe I actually sold my spy put for a profit. 4$ but hey🤗
So glad I learned this lesson before this week. Monday green was very predictable. Tuesday will spike then begin to fall mid day into  Wednesday.
After a huge sell-off? It's quite likely. Democratic win means bigger than expected stimulus. Republican win means nothing changes, same status quo, markets rally because uncertainty is gone. Win win either way.
Yes. Doesn’t mean it won’t work though.
And anyone who bought the calls right before close Friday got to profit too.

A rare day where bulls and bears print (or both lose depending on how you see it)
What are Biden stocks?
just use a strategy that doesnt use up a day trade and save them for emergency exits
Space earnings eow. I’m curious as to how much money they burnt this quarter
debating buying an atm debit put spread right before close, agree?
Always good to buy a company that has run 3000% in 6 months before their earnings
Jesus christ the UVXY call premiums way OTM have doubled since this morming. No way it hits 40 this week...right? RIGHT!?
did biden fall down??
Up 384 percent on ACB calls. Fuck I wish I didn't blow up my account a few weeks ago this would be way more exciting.
[deleted]
#🥭
Fuck, do i hold my 0dte puts? This hurts
I chime in with haven't you people ever heard of


Closing the god damn trading app


*Don't overtrade, my brothers.*
EOD 🤡 just wait , ama !remindme 2 hours
Lol u realize short interest increased right
USO puts all in?
That will happen if Trump gets elected tbh
Someone must have said something? "\_\_\_\_\_\_talks  going well"
Could go up another 500%
Diversification...you take that stuff elsewhere. TSLA4LYFE
Still got 2 hours left 💣
Ahh yes good old Organic Growth, no manipulation at all. Nothing to see here.
>  Deez nuts

FYI, for those uninformed:

 Deez Nuts was a satirical presidential candidate, portrayed by Brady C. Olson (born 1999/2000 (age 20–21), who ran in the 2016 United States presidential election. His form to run for office was filed with the Federal Election Commission in late July 2015.
What about it
What the fuck is going on
Pump is a gift to abort bulls. Don’t be stupid. 
Sincerely,
Cash gang
Very cool very legal etc
Bought at 16-29-40-25, 100 each, wish I sold at $55 cuz I was up 10k now im down 2k oh well.
Imagine actually thinking bulls r fuk.

Bears r perma fuk
Ya did you watch there iPhone event?
What do you mean by straddles? English is not my first language.
probably not, especially on tech or somethin
Why not wait a couple days?  I agree the beat-down was unfair, but it's not suddenly going to become fair if there's an election-related meltdown the rest of the week.
ever heard of a Jade Lizard?
Post twist, OP visits his nearest Home Depot and walks over to the kitchen renovation sections and takes these pictures and is too autist to buy an apartment, even less to get a motel room
Dream team 6 in shambles!!!!!!!!!
I would buy nio before earnings
You got more gumption than I do. Good luck!
[deleted]
whatever happen to the tiktok sale to microsoft or oracle or whatever?
All my tech stocks are fuk but boomer part of my portfolio is mooning. Not sure how to feel.
Christ
Oh ok SPY I see how it is
rigged
LMAO
1.20 in two minutes jesus christ
Yes. Max pain points for retail traders. It’s the algos squeezing a few percent wherever they can.
The good ole days
Make a decision.  Don't be a pussy.  Go with your gut.
SPY going parabolic
buy motherfucker buy motherfucker, buy
[deleted]
Enjoy your gains little one
Apple and amazon have not been “safe havens” since July lol
[deleted]
Lol at pooot holders
no, gyna stonks are fraud
Have u seen the news at all over the last 6 months homie
What earnings to play?
I missed that open unfortunately, but nice work regardless. That would of been pretty ideal to fade.
SPY up a dollar in 3 minutes...
I bought the dip and guess what happened my boy. The tale of old times..
WHAT IS HAPPPPPPPPPPENING
What is keeping this market up bro I’m so confused
And just like that I'm in the red
Omg fuck
Thinking about buying some 0 DTE atm puts a minute before close and see some cucky after hours action
By who, Snoop Dogg?
spy 0dte 330c are only .38....   just in case it goes full retard like it did friday.
Hey man, just a random wsb autist stopping by. Chinese sector is truly amazing at times. I too once rode to the moon with a company called LK. I thought I was on top of the world but in life, shit happens. You can't predict it or you can never understand it. Take some gains if you can. That market out there is very unpredictable. Your a smart man. Congrats
This is the way
If it seems to obvious it probably is
ZM will rocket into earnings same way it did last quarter, they report late Nov early Dec iirc so election out of the way could be clear skies to their earnings
Lmao
[deleted]
[deleted]
Very cool, very legal
If Goldman is telling investors they’re pricing in Biden and suddenly you’re FOMOing into Biden stocks, I’m afraid you are buying the news.
Were we go again, Friday all over again
What are tesla expectations for next month?
In bentonville?
Hyln isnt even 1 billion... Half a billion atm. And you should look into the fundamentals of hyln before bashing hyln.
...UPS
Yeah I know
Burry is in on WYNN, are you?
wtf is happening
Would selling CCs right now be stupid?
Fuuuuck what happened.
SWBI or RGR in anticipation for a blue wave and thus increase in gun sales?
MM pump let’s see how that goes
Can see it going to 10 tbh
many tears shed next few days due to election. runny noses due to increased covid and cold/flu season.

calls on kmb
At least my loss wasnt too bad, I just got out.
What do you expect?
if mango bailed out only the blue states he could have bought their vote thus winning the election
As they should be.
they are calling this kangaroo..
[deleted]
While no one will know, If it’s trump or biden

I’ll put out this fat cock, that I have been hidin

While you sit around and wait, for him to leave

You’ll be sucking his dick, come Christmas Eve
Yeah I think I saw someone else say $10K so I just went with it. I’ve never bought a fridge before so I have no idea haha. Plus I’m retarded
AMD about to pump hard
Mike Pence is short for Mechanical Pencil.
Why spy got an erection?
People are stocking up for another few months of lockdown
If you have robinhood gold there's an arrow next to price stock price
Stfu and buy the dip pussy
One of my biggest dumb luck plays happened when I picked up XOM leaps before close on Friday. Selling and locking in them gains ahead of schedule.
plug power
so biden elect = baba print right?
Yes
Still giving people time to get it, I suppose.  I wasn't interested but today's price movement has surprised me.
Drill team sacks hanging low
Yes
Even Biden and the democrats love some military spending. Tbh, long aerospace
How does a short squeeze already happen if the short % went up?

Oh wait you don't know what one is
Why would you help those who you like to fuck?
I’m making mad money today sorry for your failed trades and high levels of sodium chloride in your blood rn
Yep. That is why I have $1k sunk into calls expiring Friday hahaha.
If msft loses 200 drill team 6 is gonna come out
Gonna need a source on that 99% losing homes figure.
Just open up a new brokerage account somewhere else.
Nokia
penis
never the wrong time to buy calls brother
Absolutely the opposite. I don't like Trump but he'd make the market go up for a good week-month while a biden win will make it tank even more and will begin climbing up after 2 months when new and more stimulus talk happens. The market is dependent and wanting Trump to win
[deleted]
196 then 192 but 199-200 is a fort right now.
AMC puts seem incredibly Logical...so it'll probably rise 14% on guidance
Goldman Sachs informing clients Biden has edge
This green Monday was very predictable. It’s gonna make a nice high starting point for my puts to print from
These big green rods the shorts covering?
whats the matter SPY-kun, are you craving my mcnuggies?
Looking at the market, I might start losing money somehow by staying on the sidelines...
do I hold SQQQ overnight im scared
Wtf spy? Go back down
You degenerates should do a line
tf was that dildo
[deleted]
Are we looking at the same charts? Or are you just an actual retard?
lol thinking American is dumb. nothing deserve anything buddy.
Lol green hulk dildo very legal.
Boing
can we not lmao I’m cool with y’all killing my aapl positions not my Microsoft too 😭
When that shit hits 5 then goes back to 10, maaaaybe
In my opinion (which has been wrong for months now so you might want to inverse me lol) I think tomorrow VXX will peak because of election night so I’m holding.
Find cheap straddles before markets close tomorrow. Sell them when the election is still not called and/or Trump goes nuts on Wednesday or Thursday
Im also Dutch and for me withdrawals take like a bit longer than 24h, within a day i get the e-mail that the  payment is being processed and then its always in my bank account the next day.
Is there any reason for NIO spike or is it just retarded Chinese steroids?
I respect that
Spy earnings tomorrow night bro
I would think so, unless we need to kick Russias ass?
I’m selling my puts EOD. If this gaps up tomorrow, puts are completely wrecked with how this has been going today.
What ?
OH JESUS NO TURBOPUMP
So fucking glad I sold my amazon in the green beginning of day
Buying leaps on GOLD calls once the inevitable selloff occurs after election night
cause chances of not knowing the winner for days are high and trump not accepting defeat too then civil war chances low
What's up with align technology
mango gonna drag it out like the phase one
I really hate the day trader pattern rule
[deleted]
What is something good then? I have no shares whatsoever in my account looking to hold 50k of something
Blue wave would be bad for gun/ammo bulls
This is how legends are born
I’m aware. Are you some sort of shitty life coach? Go bother someone who wants to make money.
Anyone know what genetic neuro deficiency makes you predisposed to buy calls. I'm doing research for a thesis titled ”buls r fuk”
Msft is not going below 200
***Clorox (CLX) says it still cannot meet the high demand for its disinfecting products, despite a ramp up in supply; still interested in strategic acquisitions***

Are people drinking CLX instead KO?
[deleted]
Hi guys, is this unemployment line?
noted. still gonna loose.
Puts seem so obvious right now... talk me out of it
PAYPAL
Better opportunity to buy more for the year end rally. I lost quite a bit but dont give up.
Yeah, I’m in PYPL calls. Idk why
[deleted]
Whales use xlf and xlv to move spy. It’s pure manipulation, hit up SEC and tell them G Sachs is at it again if you’re concerned
Tech suppressed
Hey guys can we all go long SPY, so SPY can be the next Pump & Dump?
Uber...basically playing the guidance situation that's been poor this season
Let’s knock msft down under 200
Yeah I’m glad I live in a small city but I guess you never know with the crazies.
Yeah buddy. I have 12/18 92.5c's I bought before the earnings announcement. Thought it was going to the fucking moon. And maybe it should be - but the people making the market don't give a fuck about or understand how AMD is actively fucking up everyone else with their good G/CPU's. 

Recover what you can. I think they're undervalued right now and in a week or two they'll stabilize at something a little higher and I'm going to exit and recover what I can. Better to lose 60% than to lose 100%.
bleeding has slowed down.. maybe we see an eod rally?
We are green
Nio looking like it wants to 🚀
Think AMZN will keep going down past July?
Can AAPL die already
[deleted]
[deleted]
Average DOWNNNNN
MSFT, AMZN, NASDAQ, and SPY all near very important levels
[deleted]
Priced in
I'm a bitch I'm a lover 🎵
I think it's less about news and more about price here. XOM returned to their Covid crash price just last week so it's hard to imagine there is more downside for this stock. Bough January ITM calls last week that will probably see consistent growth for the next month or so.
[deleted]
Am I dumb for buying calls EOD
Or at least where he was conceived.
The problem is that Apple will most likely be under $105 next week..

Godspeed retard.
[deleted]
Amazon got a beating it didn’t deserve, going bullish
both garbage, but apple is better
wait for a lil pump back to 80-85 then cut losses.
See you boys at the 5 and dime when I’m 89.
no one was dumb enough to buy calls at open right? right?
+1
[deleted]
RTX should go down on a Biden win yeah?
I bought the dip with common. This will come back.
IT WAS PRICE TARGETED for $6.50 since last EARNINGS
Depends, is the “personal” loan from the mob or loan sharks or wife’s boyfriend
I honestly dont think there will be any chaos at all. Not sure why people expect civil war and all that madness
Are any of you guys playing earnings?
I see you’re scared, of the mango looking man

Don’t you worry, I will give you my hand

Now close your eyes and wish away your fears

Because you’ll be jerking him off, for 4 more years
Hey step-SPY what are you doing?
SPY Options expensive AF.
EOD rug pull.    

Source: I am an MM
This is the bounciest cat I’ve ever seen
Been there

Do not recommend
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/New-Set-3059 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It's like saying im offended, nobody cares
$16.5 11/13. A little risky of hitting but not too worried
Everything i tried to play today turned red instantly 😭
Healthcare sector is honestly pretty flat compared to tech if the narrative really is political uncertainty. XLV was dumping last week.
good advice, am 70% down on aapl calls am kind of making peace with literally exiting at 80% or even 90% on the off chance that it bounces a bit back up
On average they prob will go on as normal, but some sectors won't, or regions. I expect chinese stocks to drop with trump and oil stocks to drop with biden
It didn’t go below 196 in September
Biggest bear trap of the year today. 🤡 🐻
Friday was hell with 5/6 big tech just fucking tanking and dragging everyone with it. Probably better to pass.
CRON about to rocket. LETS GOOO
Election is priced in. As long as a civil war doesn’t break out, the market will go on as normal
I think he'll step down. My concern is if Biden refuses to concede.
Damn, you suck dick for a living?
LMAO $FSLY! They said revenue would be few million less, missed earning in one quarter and wall street dumped so hard that the company lost over 53% of market cap.
This didn't age well and it's only like an hour later.
Get real money or use a non margin cash account and PDT isn’t a problem.
[removed]
Pleaseeeeeeeeee
Yep ..
And then Trump announces he is contesting the results. I expect a ton of volatility for the rest of the week.
Hits 30 by December
[deleted]
Is there any bear left after been fu—-d for over 6 months
Downvoted bc ur european
 🆘  Deez nuts getting delisted  🆘
I guess what I learned from losing all the money is that  buying the dip does not always work
I’m gonna wait until tomorrow now. I’m transferring 25k more in the account maybe I can get some more discounts
Dont know if I wanna hold 11/6 30/33c or sell EOD
20 bucks says Zm has another retard pump tomorrow at open
DGLY
buy China to get (V)Gina..
Not straight up civil war, but uncertainty around who "really won" and various groups deciding their side was robbed and they hit the streets. We're not talking a true civil war 2, but it could be a destabilizing time that adds a shit ton of uncertainty to the market.
Note for next time when fomoing. Prob shouldn’t buy a position when it’s already up 500% for the day... 😅
hej guys, plz buy maxr and rkt. i promise they will both go to $60 very soon. ##pumpit
I have $27 11/20
Sell 310p's against
GME gang hold your positions!!
What’s the next level of support after 200 for Microsoft
very excited for election to be over and markets can return to some level of normalcy
wow TWTR extra fuk
if senate flips blue, there will be fewer dollars heading into rich folks' pockets, which means pressure on the buy side, and lower stock prices, all things being equal

which isn't the worst thing for AMERICA at this time
[deleted]
Ya i sold in the morning for 10%... eh. But glad i got out
Most instant deposit trading at other brokers is limited to stock/options. Have yet to find one that allows it besides RH. TD, Webull, IB, and Tasty do not allow it. At least with TD you only have to wait 1 day before you can trade options.

Maybe ML will let’s you if you transfer from a BofA account, but I haven’t tested that
Why do you assume I’m not prohibited from day trading? Bold assumption there, cotton.
I'll nut
Almost bought puts on Friday... so glad I didn’t.
wouldn't u want calls?
Wow my nasdaq prints are looking far happier than when I opened earlier. What a day.
Both garbage
PayPal for earnings anyone?
Im getting increasingly worried about chaos on election night with the possibility of a contested election... also spy 300p exp wednesday are 53c a pop which seems insanely high
[deleted]
Dollar Bill Garekeeoer
Still in the time machine at 7:30 am eastern when they though today was giant green.
I am sitting on 1/15/21 320p's that I have had for a good bit.  Not sure if I should increase my holdings or pick a lower strike.
Probably Apple Bc it will catch crazier runs but both are good if you’re looking to buy and hold.
What strike/date did you sell?
Never touched GME, the short squeeze already happened lmao
The better question is what is cash gonna do for them in a civil war? Might as well hold equities
Trump supports  Bezo or Bezo supporting Trump
???
All in airlines, watch the vaccine companies coincidentally drop good news this week and next
This stock is a giant mound of horse shit with zero profitability, and a product that is yet to be proven as worthy to consumers....better make it $25c
AAYYYYY we out here
If you have to ask you don’t wanna know
Well fack
It’s gonna be a wild week
Fuck here comes another sell off
They've had their time for the last decade. They need to be brought back to earth
OnlyFans
Probably up
[rug pull](https://i.redd.it/lcfuig3bntw51.jpg)
Yeah hes don goofed bigly.
Anyone else playing VXX calls for expiry on Friday? Firmly believe my $27.5C will continue printing
"Serious hood action" is enough of a warning for me.
None
I know a guy that's been going long on spy since like 340. Best part is he "averages down" by buying more spy calls.
THIS IS FOR HARAMBE 🩸
it is highly unlikely that Trump, who has to die in office or quickly thereafter to avoid spending time in jail, will go peacefully.
This hits too close to the kitchen displays at Home Depot
Yeah up 8% wowww how will I possibly recover?
its an older meme sir, but it checks out.
Gonna switch my puts to calls after checking the polls
spy -2% tomorrow
DGLY
Just got off the phone with drill team 6, they said flat until 3:30 and then sell off or drill to close.
r/thefridgelight is wondering
uh oh - found the 'smart trader' with $500 lol - you might wanna check out smallstreetbets

Edit: you can also check out my post history lol
We still buying the GME dip? 🤡🤡🤡
Venmo me 20k and I’ll write you a note that’s redeemable for 50 shares of TSLA
I definitely thought this was gonna go the way of luckin coffee.  Congrats.
This morning's brief rise for NASDAQ allowed me to cash out a lot of positions and now I am ready for contested election. Hug me Bears
[deleted]
Bruh you can sell hundreds of these and build an Iron Corridor (no idea what it's actually called).
We’re either going up or going up after the election.
weak buy strong sell
What was the body cam company again?
It’s going to 104
agree, red today and tomorrow, wed green
Mean lean bouncing machine
USO puts a good move ?
Too soon junior
Not trying to be a dick but when big money is exiting a stock like Apple after bad news, you’re better off trading out of a long position, better to salvage than try to tell the market why it should go the other way on Reddit
Although zoom may never see these highs again

Your mother will still drop her eggs like a hen

The market is still green and I’ve got this handled

By the way, I like my eggs scrambled
Nah you should hold
no theta squashing the iv. It went up 1.50 and reversed direction. This hurts the options premium until it stays in that direction
Solid DD
Remember when everyone was saying how NKLA will get delisted
“Fool me once, shame on... shame on you. Fool me... you can't get fooled again.”

-George W. Bush
[removed]
facts
Apple or Microsoft a better buy right now to hold
I feel discriminated against
Man I wonder how many bulls got slaughtered today
And the ants went marching down, into the ground
Pricing in four more years of George Bush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8m8cQI4DgM

I love this piece about Ayn Rand and conservatives heroes. How prophetic it turns out to be. 🍑
Niotards deserve it
Up 400% on 5.50 acb calls. Hopefully I don't get destroyed
Chill on that tho
[removed]
I would say puts on anything OIL related are a pretty good bet rn
The bad news is I’m about to have a couple stacks of SPY puts expire worthless. 

The good news is I’m not an idiot and I don’t need that money. 

Lol lesson learned
I know you're joking but solar is booming
Lmao y'all qaeda. Yeah, I suppose it only takes one idiot to start shooting and then boom.
tech dragging everything down
$110 Jan2021

&#x200B;

Bought at $7.65 sold at $8.1, now worth $6.7. I think he will be fine if he holds onto them though
Now you can watch your life savings crash and start downing beer at the same time
Start growing and make actual money lol
Puts it is.
So SQ was a mistake
Holy fuck cup and handle on JD is an amazing set up. All in on 85c
stonks tokyo drifting
I’m a 🪑holder
Nio is that one Instagram model we all wanna fuck. That’s right I said it!
I feel you, I lost some money to amd as well....
Are my 3/20 200cs gonna print?
So many nio bagholders
Damn should've waited a minute before selling PLUG covered calls
Why would you buy AMC puts? Lol literally has nowhere to go. Sell and get into something that actually has room to moon or crater
Someone send an invite code and I'll use it to sign up
I thought last Friday was a hard day for Tech.. 🔫 The party continued.
[deleted]
Nice job! My advice having been in this position before would be to take out half and live with the rest. I went from 4k to 20k down to broke and kicked myself for not pulling out 10
Exactly, extreme double standards
LOL for sure. I spent years just depleting savings, but then I had an insane year racking up gains and I’ve been just taking Ls on those profits now. Definitely Ls...but hurts less than before at least 🤔😅🤡
Get out while MMs let you before the destroy what’s left of the Nasdaq on that amazon dump 💩
270 by dec
Idk in the wine aisle?
I’m sure you did, my friend. Good luck with your paper trading!
Man if I wasnt already broke I swear I’d buy this red. Theres good gains comin for whoever did
Do you have the buying power?
good boy spy good boy
Oh yeah it does.  Tech has been pumped forever, time for things to balance out

MPLX, for instance, shouldn't have to do a **$1B share buyback** to get their stock above April lows.
Same to you Gilbert Grape
It’s not different I guess. Imo it’s who you hate less, just picking our poison you’re right
Getting those smelly nervous farts now, those real litterbox bombs
baccarat, dealer bet.
99% - people are losing homes, comfort and security is compromised, political hysteria is rampant
Why XOM up almost 5% lmao
Coronas all time high, Biden could very well win which would prob mean a month shutdown, gop wont pass a stimulus if Biden is coming in,
Can it, Branson. Mom says I don’t have to give you my gains ever again!
LMAO
[SLB and ACB leaps printing](https://imgur.com/nr1GN8e). Obviously not related.
So you’re selling I should just sell some? 🤔🤔
I'm a big lefty, but I'll be honest with you. The most likely civil war scenario is if Donnie wins but it's due to some bullshit like throwing out votes on a technicality or something. The riots from this summer will look cute in comparison.
$2k in my pocket from this [NQ short](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020/gav5zhw?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
Wheres the dancing bulls
Bruh that's what TikTok and Snap are for
If you're undecided at this point you can keep your vote.
It happens before every election. People fear Biden will infringe on the 2nd amendment in some way so they stock up. They won’t come to your door to take the guns away, but they can ban the purchase.
Thanks for the review. My GE fridge worries well for about 2 years and then started having problems with everything. Cooling, the fan, water, power, etc. Always thought these Samsung fridges looked nice. 👌
bezos
[deleted]
🧠
Ban.
High five!
I need $Rope...now‼️📉🆘
No
Check out the past civil wars retard.

People are forced to choose sides because of the crazy few
Should have been a winner
Tech doesn’t deserve this lol
I love WSB "The obvious play is puts with market volatility" you do realise volatility doesn't mean the market drops 30 points, it can mean we kang gang for the entire week.
Lol - already took NIO from 13K to 42K, sold, took out 11K, then bought back in last Friday - have fun being a 'smart trader' lolol
Why do you make the same stupid question in every thread?
massive unrest
They are expecting to wake up one day having laws limiting gun/ammo , like the NYSAFE act did in New York
In b4 NIO investors upset that Chinese companies aren’t very transparent or honest
That sounds about right, there were even small riots when Trump won the first time too, so definitely feel like that would happen.

Just feels like Trump not stepping down stuff is overblown, though i could see things being contested just not like some civil war whatever people are talking about.
How is that different than the last 4 years? We the people will get fked no matter what, it’s just who you like more
29 was the support during the last bloodbath, i'd look to add at that point
MSFT 200c is back baby
Ladies and gentlemen you’re looking at the future number four prostitute in all of Kazakhstan
If it makes you feel better I probably missed on 20% gains Becuase I didn’t jump in at 332, waiting for 333 but later came in at 330
Yikes, I'm glad I live in a small city right now.
Seen what y’all qaeda has been doing this week swarming and attacking Biden campaign events with guns committing felony assault with their vehicles?  People preparing for those fucking retards to take it to the next level.
`[Laughs in market-maker]`
Jesus Christ stop selling AAPL. It’s had enough.
Screw it im selling $SQ, just goes down everyday
were your spreads too thin?
Andrew Yang baby. Y’all just ignores my guy
If snow does go red and anything is possible

Unzip my pants and suck this popsicle

If that it far to much, for you to handle

Then come here, and throat this green candle
[deleted]
THE THETA IS TOO DAMN HIGH party has my vote
collapse
That's as endearing as it is concerning.
I'm half cocked to load up on Calls tomorrow at close.
Someone said it best, tomorrow is earnings for USA with the election being guidance..
YOu dont need to be rich in this life , but Ill tell you it fucking sucks to be poor.
Thinking about buying puts on DK
buy some chipotle and call it a day.
This post is brought to you by THETA GANG
No, spy just hit support. It will test again and break. Sideways until EOD tmrw
I doubt it quite frankly
ACB did me right
i've had a few arabian goggles sessions.  no houdini.  a spiderman here and there.
Dude you can't possibly think this was appropriate to post here.

There are clearly defined subs for your account:

/r/smallstreetbets

/r/babystreetbets
“Long term” lol
Either way tomorrow the White House is going to be an old folks home for the foreseeable future and that fucking sucks
The IV is still insane.
Ameripoors didn't buy anything just flat and started selling
Don’t yolo it again. Put your winnings in legitimate stocks for retirement and don’t sell them until you retire.
Made out of Amazon Pine
Don't hold options either way. Unless they're spreads
CNBC will blame us for this won’t they?
[deleted]
Guess I need to do a lot of reading on it lol. Never invested really but it looks promising sometimes. Thanks for the info, I will apply it to my retard brain lmao
Is AMD dead. I might sell at a loss. Tired of this shit even during  green days tanking
That is not how mail works. Speed matters
Drill team sax primed and ready
A civil war won't happen when people still have a roof over their head and food to eat. 99% of humans just want comfort and security and aren't willing to risk anything for all this political hysteria that doesn't affect their life.
But what if one of us were in the city block, or what if you burn a cross on one of our lawns?
trying to but bp is fucking me
Tell those fucks you only use butter
[deleted]
Gonna be crazy riots the next couple days. Trump supporters in Texas are already saying they are gonna shoot up San Antonio if trump loses. I’m sure it’s gonna be the same everywhere
No one should have wanted it before...
I would like 1 mango man temper tantrum of tweets at 3PM EST thank you very much.
Portfolio is a steady representation of how many days are left in the year
r/boneappletea
That’s insane. $5 for -1SD. The monthly is $10 but you get an extra 16 days
Don’t tell him
I think it should be mentioned there hasn’t been a world pandemic in the past 20 years nor was 2 trillion dollars injected into the market within months. We haven’t had an artificial injection like this in years.
I thought weed stocks sucked
[deleted]
So today doesn't seem to have worked out? It needs to fall another $1 to have a chance (as of 2pm EST)? What was bad about today? Too expensive at open?
Trump admitted it himself
[deleted]
if there is a clear winner we will have results tomorrow. and the senate is decided on election day
Yes
Rona won’t get solved if mango is re-elected , he’s already given up on it lmao
Unless you stay bettin it on red for the next 6-8 weeks 😂
Butter delete the app then
Even if you get the direction correct for earnings result, the election day volatility can easily bring the whole market down. So i wouldnt play earnings on thhe elction day lol
Wwnt cash gang cept for Tsla 100 shares I sold a cc on last week, feel like market heading to Spy under 300 again
http://imgur.com/gallery/WrKPhfd
It’s held up pretty well so far. We’ll see
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
well they suggest the stock won't fly
Odds Donnie injects himself with a vaccine at a rally today?
Is there really no other broker that allows instant deposit trading??
[deleted]
❤️❤️

we’re a happy 🤡 family
Give 20k worth of blowjibbers more, I know that hole is prolly tired
I had a nightmare about SPY yesterday. We'll be stuck in this 327 - 330 range until January
Fair. I did but just not enough you know.
That’s the exact cost of doing business actually.
Anybody know why the SPAC ticker was banned by the auto mods?
Thats the Point about Amazon they always look expensive, because they reinvest everything.
Yes exactly
Fuck you too
Here comes the pain
Buy cannabis stocks
Hope you closed out for some profit
I bet it’s airtags
Putting my money in the only thing I trust.... Weed.. watch me lose it all like I smoked it.
not if nasdaq breaks friday's lows..
Who’s shorting oil
While the market is green and bulls r still fuck

One bad trade, will make you a cuck

It’s now apparent, that orange will be president

If you don’t like it, you’re not a resident
cumming to Nio
U/HillaryHitmanforClinton  dunno why but was reading this post and had a retarded idea for a user name
https://twitter.com/business/status/1323323507300835331?s=19
Love you too
I’m gonna get margarine called
im expecting a big jump eod
Waiting on the gap to be filled to get in on calls
Why the fuck are people stocking up on ammo like crazy? What are they expecting?
Take out a loan then
I too forget that 1990 was 10 years ago
They shoulda added w/e this is to the end of their last presentation
Robinhood functionality is pretty shit though
IV is higher than normal is my best guess
Don't forget you can enter long legs and short legs at separate times. Kinda nice as theta protection :)
nio call
VVIX
I mean how much lower can it really go
Whatever happens in the election, I want you guys to know that I love you all more than either of those geriatric fucks and I would happily burn down a whole city block or burn a cross if anything bad ever happened to you.
PLTR call option 11/20 or beyond it
Lol, sold my AAPL calls at $110.12, feel bad for the poor guy that bought them
You're clinically retarded if you think BABA is going below 300
Why would either of the nominees declare after nov 3 ? That’s a stupid move
Well I be damned, you can count. Thought everyone around here had the ‘tisum
I haven't done anything in months. I came across an extra $250 today... uhhhh I'm sweating. IV is tooo damn high.. i like it.
SNAP puts
Truly hope that’s not the case
R/antsteeetbets
i've been the recipient of a rusty trombone. 

the all timer is the houdini, though. look that one up lol
I am an undecided voter and will decide tomorrow based on how the markets close @trump
What signals? Thanks!
There is.. VVIX
Goodnight
Vxx
AMEN
Apple yes. Nio no.
Well yes, but actually no.
Why?
A week out?
It’s very natziesque
Make the pain stop
I have 20k in cash i want to double it by tomorriw
That’s soo gay
Hit the gym and combined with the euro accent you'll be very popular.
Murdering my arkf calls
There are way too many Gains posts on the Hot page right now
SPY really loves 328
Yeah, they’ve been going down for weeks
So who exactly lost today?
I was hoping for a pump today so I could get puts but nope
[deleted]
[removed]
I get the feeling if Trump wins we may see something.

Biden wins, the TRump groupies will go home and sulk over a beer.
Well what do you expect from lesser creatures
Bye bye
Unless it is
I blow up my account every ~3 months
anyone playing sysco earnings
There should be an index for the volatility of VIX.
No, it’s going to 105
SEDG or pypl earnings?
I have a feeling we’re going to get the biggest vaccine pump yet.  Mango and friends planned it for tonight.
You mean calls?
I hacked into the McDonalds ordering machines. I’m getting all kinds of tendies
Buy some bourbon and call it a day.
probably but maybe not. Could go up, could go down. Could stay flat.
Jokes on u I inverse wsb
Bold of you to assume election results come out that early
Hard to say. I want to pick it up but I feel like it could dump more
Will NIO remain flat, give a EOD pump or EOD dump 🤔
Heard, thank you!
To much dead account blocking the way bro 😔
Looking like a double top on uvxy. Should I be worried?
My tomagotchi does all my trading for me.
See you later suckers!!!
I'm not here for politics, just chaos for spy putz.
That takes me back
I mean it was pretty obvious we were gonna open green given the run up EOD Friday.  Many people called today’s green open bleed close. Just to trap more bulls.
Why the fuck are IRON CONDORS the dumbest name ever.

If our bird was made of metal it wouldn't fly.

Dumb pokemon names.
Because everyone has the same idea as you
This is not lost your wallet street bets. 

Ban.
Considered SQ puts but overall bought Fb puts 
IV to high
I expect a sell off at close which means it'll climb
Someone get the defibrillator for Nasdiq
Yea what you said
RETURN THE SLAB    
    
OR SUFFER MY CURSE 📉
Options are volatile as fuck, no matter what you'll break even if it hits 109.
too late for spy puts?
drill team sex stand back and stand down
investopedia.com
Having a second helping of wheaties and spinach.
Bulls up .06% “wE aBoUt To MoOn” 
Down a lot more “Spy doesn’t matter anyways” 
Lmao you guys 💀🔮
I’m trying
Probably shouldn’t have trusted a group of thousands of Retards banging their heads on keyboards without helmets
I’m thinking really hard on this one
election iv?
[deleted]
Is this a joke?
I have $30
Holding amc puts feel like holding stock
the buy and hold strategy historically wins, but it's not sexy
[deleted]
Jfc guess who sold CAT calls this morning and bought tech calls 💩💩
[deleted]
I fucking love that it's the perfect casino
Congrats. Will you verify your email now?
is there a youtube video of this somewhere?
picked up a shitload of way OTM QQQ puts on that dump just in case of a face ripping rally on a clear biden win tmr night.
When donkey Kong inevitably barrel blasts under 35 what vine will give him support next? 25?
Becky's staying inside instead of showing off her ass. No need for leggings when you have no audience
I really doubt things are going to get crazy and feel like the market is overreacting to this election.

But then again i thought that the market going up March through May was fake and gay too. So who knows.
[AAPL Mac Event Next Week. Intel puts?](https://www.macrumors.com/2020/11/02/apple-november-event/)
Because very little chance that the aftermath inspires market confidence.

Almost assuredly SPY will go down on the 4th
Bulls after 1 green candle “WE MOONING BOYSSS” 


Bulls after 6 days of blood red “BUY THE DIP BOYSSS”
test accounts.  not trading with real money.
That won’t pass until January the earliest. 2-3 more months of no stimulus, unemployment already 700k+ per week, rising cases, etc. not much to look forward to in the short term
Eod sell off incoming
SQ being taken out to the woodshed
Those will happen if trump wins too u sped
The calm before the storm
Entire portfolio in NIO + UVXY shares until tmrw, up 5% already
You're stupid because you're in WSB like us
What do with think about PayPal tonight
Wtf was it like that one month off? sounds heavenly
Contested election regardless of who wins. If you think AMZN is cheap and trump will win, then wait for a better sale
Buy amazon now?
That was short lived
Im no financial nerd but revenue is before expenses its not actual profit.
Bull trap, becareful
Where is drill team 6?
Should really be "Leaves plastic on mom' s fridge"
tbf, most things in the economy is prolonging the inevitable. And if you manage to prolong for long enough, the effect was spread so thin it's barely felt.

Maybe we are going towards another great crash. But i don't mind the fuckers on top temporizing the problem over as long as they can. 

Most people can take gradual decline. It's the sharp turns you want to avoid.
if senate flips to blue tomorrow expect stock to rally after biden takes the stage and announces plan for stimulus for americans.. i wouldn’t hold puts over tuesday night
Who's got a SPY 0dte 10 bagger for me?
don’t buy puts on lumber liquidators
bro
Going balls deep into calls expiring into end of Nov/Dec for the Christmas rally
Robinhood is the only broker that lets you trade options with instant deposits... since they let their clients blow their accounts instantly, it gives Robinhood a competitive advantage over every other broker.
Get SPY puts expiring mid-Nov for easy money.
[deleted]
APHA about to break $5!
Look at spxs as a cheaper option if you like to gamble.
If MSFT breaks below 200 we enter the forsaken realm once again...
the sausage king is dead, killed in a sauna today
If the sleepy old man gets in oil and weed stocks will shit the bed like him?
Yeah it should be up this is bullshit
2:30pm
wooooo hoo now only down 97% on acb, feeling that pump lmao
Buy leaps. Nio amd apple
[deleted]
loaded spy and tsla calls
Premiums are so fucking high, nothing is worth it
I'm scared he might be a pussy and won't start a civil war.
They are relaunching Steve Jobs. Given their stock performance they had to revive him.
[deleted]
aaaayyyy i probably sold you those.
Implied volatility google it
[deleted]
I knew that before hand honestly, just thought this time would be... different.. 😔
Does it deserve to be up?
While you load up on poots and destroy your portfolio

I’ll be with your wife, nailing her in her cornholio

While You piss and moan and tell me to stop

I’ll nut on the floor and hand you the mop
I believe his real name is tim apple
Biden's magic RONA wand!!!!

Priced in!!!
*85
You would think that but people holding puts are diamond handing for SPY 300 and people with calls are waiting for 350
Me too lol I’m holding SNAP puts that are up 20% and I wanna sell so badly
I’m all over it at 3:59
Take profits the markets are showing a lot of bullish signals right now.
American girls can't even spell Scandinavia
Welcome to the real world lol
What's even the point of obsessing over charts and day trading when long-term TQQQ has gone up by 437% since 2017?
How the fuck do you guys trade this shit? You literally just buy calls at open then sell before noon to lock profits? There is no long term options the last 6 weeks.
Won’t happen. Some really do abide by the rule of law and others riot in the street and loot.
Took the gains on AAPL puts expiring Friday. Will I regret it?
That would be awesome. I have 50k I wanna buy and hold with but I was thinking amazon msft or apple.
Doubtful. If you think covid is a Dem tool to force in Biden then why are European countries also locking down? Especially conservative run ones?

Here’s what I see. If Trump wins. Riots. If Biden wins. Lockdowns. Red days ahead.
Why is spy dying? Nothing wrong beer and money here don't see the problem ☺️
Someone talk me out of puts on lumber liquidators
[deleted]
Yeah
Can someone explain the risks of a wide bull put spread?

Looking at cop 28/33
Theory : AMZN is looking like the market is pricing in a Biden victory with the expectation that by simply acknowledging coronavirus still exists, there will be actions to curb the damage and reduce the future growth of Amazon under a Biden administration.

Conclusion : AMZN is on a temporary sale today / tomorrow until Trump wins. 

Please tell me why I am a stupid.
Yes
looking forward to sinking with my gains rather than my current savings 🤩
What the fuck LULU I trusted you!
They abandoned that property long ago. Also what on earth makes you think that would negatively effect a stock? Insurance is a thing
Every stock deserves a beating from time to time
Place a 0.02 buy order
Yes.
ittl get back up there.  Not exactly sure when but tech is gonna come back in the long term
Yes. Take what you can in this market. Next week will be easier to navigate through imo
It is. But Imma play the elections. Sell mid day tomorrow. If VIX rises
Agreed
Major EOD pump bear r fuk
Nah I think we’ll see the low tomorrow..
iPhone sales missed and they’re pushed out of China,  worst news for Apple in years
Dude Snow dies the hardest.
It wouldn’t dare do that to me
Vix is recharging
msft 100 sounds about right
I have a samsung fridge, prepare for hell with your ice maker. 

https://topclassactions.com/lawsuit-settlements/lawsuit-news/samsung-refrigerator-class-action-enters-mediation/
Was like yeah i know amazon is going down.  Looked at puts, yeahhh no

Big boy shit right there boys
Do you hate money?
Well, make or break time
Fake pump brought to you by drill team 6 and 🌈🐻s
Man they REALLY didn't like Obama.
Stupidest post lol. Caused by completely different conditions and there are many things that are in place now (bc of this crash actually) that would prevent this.
Gay day. Not sure why I even look at my portfolio except during the last half hour before close.
Pretty sure both sides are making money with this kang gang shit
"CHIEF OF STAFF WALKS BACK CALL TO ARMS, STATING IT WAS METAPHROICALLY ONLY" stocks surge to 370 on re-stabilized nation
Selling puts, AMD not going to be able to really go much lower than $70 unless there is some negative news.

$74 is strong support
anyone think ROBBINGhood will sell my two 11/02 330/331 call credit spreads 1 hr before close at max loss? Shouldn't as long as SPY is below 330 right?
Jesus Christ that’s expensive
Everyone should get in to APEI before it’s too late
You got some nuts
because he listens to Coldplay?
So calls for Election Day, huh? Everyone here seems so sure it’s going to dump it has to be a green day
Same but at 2500
Please die SPY
Nobody. It’s so ridiculous nobody would have conceived to do so
Can you afford a to sell a $2k put?
Source
Lolll F. 

I’d like to say it gets better but idk, options are a fickle whore. So many Ls, but once in awhile you get a W and that somehow fuels the next 10 degenerate trades.
VIX barely moving in relation to SPY, reversal may be coming
doesnt matter if it crashes under your strike, you have the right to sell
hahahahaha
Do american girls like scandinavian guys? (I was born in Saudi Arabia but moved to sweden when I was 12)
Keep an eye if it breaks 328. I’d consider getting out if it does
Ofc i bought QQQ puts at the very bottom fml
Fuck amd bishhh ass Lisa Su with that horrible clitx buyout
Feels like Tim Cook shoved an iPhone up my ass with these calls.
Wrong way spy
Only down 2k pshh rookie numbers
This is a well hidden secret nobody rly knows.
I think we all gravitate toward WSB, It must be coded in our extra chromosome
See you boys at 330 end of day :)
Spy Nov 4 @ 326p avg 4.94
Did you buy already?
So more red this afternoon into free day tomorrow? Into COVID crash p2? Got it
MSFT $200 is the stonewall upon which the bull market rests. Many a bear has fallen before it.
no, leather jacket man
It hit 196 last week
Imagine opening your fridge to find out you’re out of Natty Light, only to close the door and be reminded of your 99.9% losses.
🖕
“Selling early” is usually selling while ur in the profits but stock continue to run up that’s selling to early, u just sold for a massive loss paper hands
Apple announces new product event next week. Stock tanks.
Wish I didn’t buy QQQ at 295....
Lmao if it helps you sleep bruh
I dont know how lol can you ELI5?
Drillking
If Trump wins- good for business, economy 1st

If Biden wins- Corona virus will get "solved", businesses will get to reopen, jobs will come back

&#x200B;

Either way, going to be big green by the end of the week
Weed stocks and oil mooning like crazy, MMs placing their election day bets
Down. If it doesn’t do it during RTH it will during ETH
Some of you all need to stop watching so much TV and movies.  We don't like in the Mad Max universe. Nothing's going to happen.
Up 30% on my puts... take profits? Lol I’m scared as fuck
CCL 🚀🚀🚀 soon
When will the fridge gets it's day to shine?
This doesn't make sense coz Trump like fossil fuels and hate green initiatives. You must be an autist.
weed stocks high af
If Amazon drops below 2000, I'll put 200k into AMZN shares and not check my portfolio for 10 years.
Makes sense. If senate flips we get the heroes act regardless and that shit gets priced in
Mom the fridge lost me 25k
95
Pied Piper absolutely deleting the Coruscant index :O
it will never see 400s again after this month
I think so too but I saw big calls coming in on options. Think this is the bottom?
[deleted]
i m all in 😂
> rusty trombone

I've received a few rusty trombones in my day but pretty sure cleveland steamer is an urban legend/reserved for the mentally disturbed/scat freaks
Sooo autists... when do you dump NET?
Yeehawdists may be out in full force too should Big Perc Biden take it
New English retard here. What’s papermoney
Priced in. ( i hope ......)
LOL is this the unemployment line?
MSFT 200 watch party. If it finally breaks below, the bear orgy is a go.
*Tesla millionaire checks in.*

Tepid applause for Chyna stonks
Marijuana legalization
No, I'm not dumb enough to try and trade options til at least Wednesday.

But today is predictably decently green
Let's see the puts then
You must be new to this :/. Earnings beat doesn’t mean anything the past 8 months..
load up on poots
I am so so so glad my order for zm calls didn't go through on Thursday. At least these spy puts still have a chance.
lemme guess you panic sold your puts at open and now bought puts at the bottom at lunch.
Phew 👍
Weed bulls on the moon already 🐂
Open the calender, is it today? You can count on amazon dropping 2% intra day.
Does AAPL really deserve this beating?
Whats with you bears and this gay lil green creature? Is he your little Bear good luck charm or something?
Stimulus talks going well.
sideways boring shit market
you know it won't be a landslide
BARELY, POP Holdin it down.  Pimpsquad for life.
I should have sold em at 100% but Atleast o have till 2022. I refuse to sell at a loss
Its green and bulls are still FUKT if that tells you anything
Nobody who’s ever used crack or cocaine has ever called it “crack-cocaine”.
I think we gap up to SPY 338 Weds morning on senate flip. But then the market has to deal with Pres outcome and we selloff.
Pump before the dump
So puts for Novemember 13th?
Pathetic
Your mom bought him that fridge show some respect
i think we should turn wsb into a dating app based on our bags. thoughts?
hf what is your native language or are you peaking on acid rn lmao
lol
I ise the toilet. That’s where all the money goes
Trade spreads if you are worried about IV crush
There is no way AMC goes up, which is why it will fly tomorrow
Honestly legalization is needed to get the retards on both political sides to chill the fuck out
Amazon is the new DKNG
reverse for bears
Show me 326!!!
Don’t be retarded long $ACN
>diversifying into stable ETFs

Ban

>investing based upon your expectations 10-20 years from now

BAN
Weed stock calls ✌️
Then you don't remember 2000 election between Bush and Gore and the disputed Florida recount.
AMZN just broke below it's already downward-moving trendline. So if it doesn't bounce back pretty asap, look out below at power hour.
SPY is STILL GREEN on the day
But them calls printing? Hmm..
Oh you mean like the whole morning?
The all-time chart is probably like 95% down, but nice tendies.
If SNOW can go red then anything is possible
Shiiiit, I guess I’m never going up
AMZN or SAP calls?
Bulls getting slaughtered out there.
They will make like 350 Billion+ in revenue this year lol
Yeah but they also do it for like tortilla chips and hamburger buns and all sorts of shit.

Good to know about the mayo tho.
Wtf was it like that one month off? sounds heavenly
My naked strangles did just fine.
Wtf was it like that one month off? sounds heavenly
So the robinhood thing was obv a joke. I’ve only traded $SPY on it a few times and it’s slow for that. 

Tech Review: 

I use it mainly to set timers when cooking, to check inside, and watch YouTube videos of recipes. Between my whole family and I, we probably use the “smart” features of the fridge a few times a week. My mom likes it for checking the weather without using her iPad or the Alexa. 


Hardware:

Decent storage space. Have had it for a year and 0 issues with the ice dispenser. You get a pretty solid cheese drawer, produce drawers, and shelf space. It’s annoying when storing gallons of milk at times since the side shelves are kind of thin. If you want pictures of the inside let me know and you can get a feel for how things fit.
Take the wins where you can get em....
We are going red this week no way if 🥭wins democrats let the election go uncontested. Cities will be burning down some are already boarding up shops. Red week
No one wants NY after antifa took it over
Btw, IV was not that high, not expecting a IV crush post election?
I was scrolling through quick saw 'PUTS on Bacon' and stopped to scroll back to your post about to downvote it before I reread it.   Only Calls on Bacon allowed here.
Positions up: “makes sense”.   

Positions down: “THE DAMN MM’s AND ALGOS”
You would think but it’s been down for so long so hard to get excited on it. They have announced new partnerships and deals last month but nothing is helping the stock. Big thing is if any states proceed with clearing the path sports betting. Play earnings are next week so fingers crossed
I deadass started trading options 10/12 lmfaoooo

I feel you
Big calls coming in on ZM expiring between this this Friday and December. Has this bottomed out? It corrected $150 lol
have you tried selling when youre up?
[deleted]
How hard will my SPY puts expiring in 3 months tank after elections because of IV crush?
lol who bought calls
PYPL 11/6 190 C
I'm scared trump might loose and start a civil war.
Which way?
All in on adobe cus this photo chop is weak snot.
is oil up and tech dropping an indication of trump win over biden?
Thank you for your confirmation bias
amzn gonna be 2200 at this rate
Only because I didn't have confidence in the first place. Personal risk tolerance™️
Shh.. he's trying his best okay.
I was in on this shit at like $5 then got burned by the other Chinese stock out-of-Luckin Coffee. Sold and swore off ever touching anything listed from gyna. 

Congratulations on your win!
We have a winner! 

Hopefully whoever wins, there won't be civil unrest and stonks will resume that upwards thing next week.

Plus, we might finally get a 'rona bill.
leaps are so pointless in this market.
just feel like you should know that I legit laughed for a while at "single malt mayonnaise."
Yessir
Its just because of election. Once the elections done things will look normal again hopefully
One day before the election?

One of us
[deleted]
2008 😍
20 is close enough
Spy wants to fill this gap.
Weedstocks going off the chart
DKNG is hard to value right now. They’re not profitable & revenues are low because covid fucked sports this year. But market cap is what? 13 billion? Hard to say if that’s reasonable or not at this point.
i am a natural born loser
Beware the ides of MSFT 200
Probably better entry after this fkery
I wish you all Godspeed!
I need a bounce to short into :(
im making a sizeable bet on sleepy j at some point..love for it to get even closer
Not, CNN sucks too.  More of a NBCs type.
Any good ideas to play tomorrow’s election? I’m thinking puts for Uber for prop 22
fuck u
Webull would be so much better if they let you trade options on instant buying power.
Lets flyyyy NIO btw I'm quarantining on the yacht this summer just letting u guys know
So buy every TLRY dip from here on out?
Ok, out. Hopefully at the bottom for the day. Time to go jerk off.
Bullish
MMs just trapping more 🌈🐻 to fund the big pump this week
If landslide by either side = moon

Too much uncertainty has led to sell off. Landslide will clear a massive chunk of uncertainty. A trifecta of House of Reps, Senate, plus Presidency will moonshot stocks in 2021
so i should panic sell?
Yeah I actually find the YouTube tutorial very helpful
I sold the minute before it started drilling
Or you took this picture at a home depot...

Fraud

Get outta here ya bear
I feel this pain
Imagine bragging about a bmw or even bragging about a car.... literally anybody with a pulse and a paycheck can finance a bmw. Cars aren’t really status symbols anymore. 


Edit: LMFAO YOURE BRAGGING ABOUT AN M4 LITERALLY THE CHEAPEST M CAR ON THE MARKET. ENJOY YOUR DEPRECIATION RETARD
BREAKING: Trumpp and Bidenn to team tag the next 4 years, both serving next 4 years. 📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📈📉📈📉📈📉📉📈📈📉📈
Lol, enjoy your fridge breaking in 3 months and being unable to get it repaired.
I don’t remember the last time my account ended green for the day

Market red - account blood red
Market flat - account blood red
Market green - account lighter shade of red
Fuck I relapsed into options right after getting my one month sobriety coin
those ghost pepper wings are great
Looks like it may be algo pump o’clock
Bruh. Thats 40 years.
Cum*
Give it until eod
Today is literally green mostly
My MSFT and QQQ 2022 leaps went from 100% to -5% in 2 weeks. I ain’t selling
This guy's never had hand-crafted single malt mayonnaise
thanks, so calls it is
anybody in here actually done a proper cleveland steamer or rusty trombone or is that shit just urban legend?
Costco sold out of toilet paper again. Double down on puts
TOMORROW BIGLY RED
this 2pm pump brought to u by....popeye's chicken - cuz, shits fire
I was promised a big dump today. I'm only down $300. Pathetic
My theory is that no matter who wins both parties want Jeffrey to fork over more taxes.
Everyone back in the pile
Will MSFT ever relieve itself off the $200 curse
Stop looking at spy, it doesn't matter until the last 2 minutes of market close.
Nice!
They said that about today yesterday.
Another 8 mil in the bank.
Welp, let’s hope trump wins and declare another tradewar before Thursday open
The retards are out en masse today
Amazon is going to plow the Nasdaq straight into a bear market holy shit
Joe Biden leads in the election count, Donald Trump tweets out a call to arms refusing to leave the white house.
MAKE VIX GREAT AGAIN
Here comes the retarded pump
[deleted]
Or I’m one of those smart traders that doesn’t waste my time with pump and dump bullshit. Have fun holding the nio bag, looks like I was right :)
Fuckkkkk that hurts. Funnily, that was actually my only good bet yesterday,  put 20 bucks on Denver at +1200.
Watching tech slides into negative territory while tesla stay green, don’t worry tesla bears we will have our day
You know how I know your gay 🤪
Apple doing so bad they're changing their name to Orange
This is why I came to this sub
Tech bubble is bursting
Actual cult
HEAVILY, almost feels targeted lol but luckily there’s still a bit of time on some of these positions, time to leave when not 70% down
🌈🐻ORGY ALL INVITED🌈🐻
Yeah, but you have to have some pretty bad timing to lose money on puts in the last week.
Lol I've been flipping puts today ;)
 💎   🙌   brotha
[removed]
bears must have been thrilled in 08
Qqq weekly puts. Going off a cliff in aftermarket today.
Look at BP for leaps if you ain't trying to get out quick. BP $20 2022 leaps are cheap as fuck
ATM?
About sentiment. Not about future price action
Do people really expect green days on presidential election week? Like... have they just came to the US  or just forgot what elections does to the market? 

A Long term bull, cash gang since mid Oct... till next week.
Call holders have to be shitting their britches right now with power hour coming up
Whats up with the nasdaq?
Goddamn it feels good to be cash rn
Tech was where most of the growth over the year was so it makes sense that it has the biggest pullback
Wowowweewa that's a green candle
Zoom just fucking died
I wonder how GME guy has such diamond hands.
So much complaining in here. If you don’t enjoy losing, you don’t belong here
Funny story, restaurant style usually means a thicker product when it comes to sauces.   Restaurant mayo is thicker than home mayo.  It's called extra heavy.

https://theeagle.com/brazos_life/food/lisa_fritz/heavy-mayo-not-the-same-as-regular/article_5926b761-92e9-57df-8130-5ca4c2c1cf9d.html
why bruhhhh
So...puts on 2028?
Nasdaq retesting friday's lows, if it gets back above 11k now, relatively bullish shortterm.. (if it breaks, the opposite ofc)
Why? I’m on a plane moving there now
Def a good time to exit calls
The market went up on their backs makes to go down
Scilicon valley realized they're just a bunch of retards with programming knowledge and not the intellectuals they think they are
APT trading sideways for more than a month now. Theta is the only winner there
Hello bears. Your time has come.
Tomorrow is going to tank so hard.
Today, I never hold over the weekend because of IV crush
Sorry buddy! At least that call is at $3100 lol, I need $400 higher to break even by April
hard curfew and mask mandate in full effect Nov 6.
Msft wall test incoming
[deleted]
This doesn’t feel good guys, calls early morning was not the way.
Yeah but what if they lose those viewers 😮
face down tits up in aapl calls
Puts. Give yourself a little room. UVXY is brutal to the ATMers...both ways.
ATVI down 2.5% intra day holy fucking sell. May buy some of that shitter after that and i went 🌈🐻
Have a lot of Apple puts
Tim Apple, n-word, etc.
AMZN back to July
Thank you
Shop at costco, just return it a few years from now.
Tech sector really became the biggest loser
AMZN is below it’s September low.
Are you sure? That would mean... investing... on a l-l-long term... perspective...*shivers*
Sell tomorrow in case there's a clear winner, iv going to fucking crush you if uncertainty goes away
my ex put me on some dem list.  getting wall to wall texts. bitch
Tech is massively and ridiculously overpriced, fundamentals don't matter ...until they do.
Sell before Friday. I'd sell as SPY begins to test $320 (or little higher than that). If it breaks past $320 you will lost out on some money, but you still turned a profit.
Was that for your fridge monitor?
They have an absurd amount of covid cases plus they are spending like 4 billion on covid measures. Up from the 1 billion or so last quarter
No problem bro. It’s gonna be sideways until then
if it makes u feel any better, it looks like there's support at 2950.
Wym?
More stocks traders are communists then you think. Your fantasy is that people dive head-first into this casino, see how much of a game of chance it is, how the entire market is built on a survival of the fittest casino system that benefits the very few and still come out as a die-hard capitalist.

Trading stocks was one of the many building blocks that showed me this system is a scam. Might as well play along with it.
fucked this market.. now i am one tits up one tits down  😂
Bulls fukt gay bears open up ur assholes for a big black dildo incoming
Tech stonks r fuk
Tna
ADMP for next week. Pretty sure they gonna get approved this time around
Bulls were real cocky in the morning
SOL
Take a screenshot of your p/l. Use photoshop to bring it back to green. Show your wife and her boyfriend. Its like it never happened.
QQQ gap up this morning went down
Not true, my accountant filed mark to market for me on oct14, and everything is gravy... Besides me having not so much money
Baba 230p? Sir, are you out of your god damn mind
PUTS on Boston.
1
Can't stop writing   weekly AMC  2.5p for 48c each
does not compute
LOL if you looked at AMZN & ZM you would think COVID had been cured
If there is a massive panic sell you know they'll do it after hours to kick it off.
Pricing in Biden win. Dems are harder on tech and tech is still way overvalued compared to other indices. Small caps and Dow get a lot of boost from a dem stimulus package so they are holding up stronger.
I’m saying if you’re buying now you’re an idiot people been buying since last month for the run up if Biden wins which it’s proven he won’t.
And just like that VIX positive again
Lmao
yes
Lol ok
Back into the negative I go. 

Damn I really can't hold onto gains 40% gains gone in 2 trading days
Good chance for drilling tomorrow. But I’m a retard so there’s that.
Damn I wish I had that option
too much words.
Hold
Assuming this guy wasn't just cutting his losses from last week holdovers
Says something
[deleted]
Trump withdrawing his gainz
[deleted]
We all try to tell you guys to take profit at noon.
Someone give me a sleeper pick to throw a little money at
REGI went over budget on their latest upgrade project. This quarters earnings may not hit the mark. However with their new capacity to reuse material due to a cleaner distillation process their following earnings should beat the mark. 

Also blenders credit is the subsidy. 

They generate biodiesel and other fuels from biomass.
It's technically renewable energy.
What is high 6 figures like 800k a year?
Just make a new a game and start over
You guys ever notice how food companies will call shit like "restaurant style" to make it sound fancier? I just saw a commercial for mayonnaise where they were like "craving that restaurant flavor? Try this fucking mayonnaise."

Like bruh, what kind of fucking voodoo do these people think is happening in restaurant kitchens? They don't have access to secret mayo from the foothills of Spain or some shit. 

Calls on marketing agencies.
strike/expiry and how many?
you know if Orange Man doesn't win by a landslide he's going to get up on the balcony of the White House and give double birds to the country on live TV.

Then SPY is going to open at 305 Wed morning.

So, I'd hold on to those bad boys.   But hey profits are profits.  You do what's right.
This is just the appetizer. I’m waiting for the main course. We eatin
Buymore
Kudos to all the retards playing spy this week
lol
if I’m already 70% fuk is there even a point in still getting out?
Yup no need to sell shares if the company will recover. Timing is hard, add more if we drop
Just picture Alan in the Hangover thinking about blackjack calculations.
AMZN back to September lows.
Goddam puts are expensive rn
-4billion is nothing. All the crazy shit they doing.
[removed]
If you're actively trading this close to an election then you surrender your right to ask questions that being with the word Why.
Bruhhhh if it goes any lower it breaks past the resistance point of the double top and everyone’s calls are fucked
Just saying remember how retarded you felt beginning of October when you let AMZN under $3K get away from you
I don’t see AMD competing with Apple in processors. Apple wasn’t using AMD before and it’s not like Apple is going to sell their chips to Sony and xbox. Intel getting squeezed from all sides though.
[removed]
i have 4.5C NOK, same expiry. all it needs is a few cents of movement, and it can come out on top

but the stock is heavily manipulated. it's fucking bullshit
Dusting off my nasdaq 10000 hat rn
When were you when bulls was fukt
Wtf is going on with it?
Green on 8 of the previous 10 elections then generally some selling in the week and month that follows.  If you believe this election is not like the other girls, it might make sense to wait it out. 

I have not added to any positions today, but I've not sold either and I may pick up some on this afternoon dip.
Where is your god now?
Big tech getting taken to town.
Oof, shouldn't have doubted my vibe.
tech getting slaughtered
Unfortunately there are no takesies-backsies in the stock market.
You’re overvalued, keep that same energy come Christmas Amazon $3500c 1/21
A lot of uncertainty. Market will come back up
Longing ZM near ATH 🤡🤡🤡
135k isn't rich bruh
I completely misplayed DKNG myself.
Bitch ass stock gave me late delivery too
Yeah stab right to the stomach
And start playing ads that you can't skip before it lets you open the door.
Spy, next stop 326.53
Yeah I also have 330s and am selling at the 322-323 range.
Biden win will crush Facebook.
I bought 0de puts at open, sold when spy hit 1.5% for a 50% loss.............
Thanks... will keep that in mind
We already got dumped on so the only option is to pump like the honey dipper port-a-john truck.
Buying pressure
I thought YOLOs have to be FDs
So AMZN really gonna give up another 3% huh?
SPY still too high
Bruh pain
Just wait boo
you can still get out
Even if my portfolio goes 50% red, I ain't selling at a loss. I'll baghold this tech shit for YEARS if I need to.
Know when to quit. Set an upper limit to yourself.
Who was making it up?
Buy atm UXVY calls or sell $18 UVXY puts?
Make SPY gay again
Lockdowns r bullish for amazon
Time to nibble on QQQ
Anyone know why the Nasdaq is so much more red than S&P/Dow?
Tech giveth, tech taketh away. Next year of no growth so be fun
13 red days
HYLN low
SPY poots
Why did it just decide to start drilling? Lol and why is tech dying when covid is increasing and more lockdowns ? I’m in tech puts but, wtf? Like damn. 


This is mostly due to election I’m assuming. Market gives no fuck about covid it seems because tech wouldn’t be selling off like this.
Pussy hands.
Love -2% red days where volume is at 50% of the daily normal. Fucking retards going down to the bid all day long
Sell Nov 6 spy puts EOD?  Or hold till tmro?
Joey straight up looks like his face is falling apart
Hoping for another red day tomorrow 
BABA 230p 1218,
APPL 100p 1218,
TSLA 380p 1218,
TWTR 34p 1218,
AMD 60p 319
Waiting for it to get over $10k, just wait on it.
There's extreme fear in the market right now but SPY is on a major support line. It'll take something big for that to break
These red dildos are pissing me off! We need a big black one
SmashIvanka69
SHOW ME THE SELLING 

# SHOW ME THE SELLING
Wait....you guys don’t invest in blackjack?
WMT is a better buy same with BJs and COST sorry.
Money is money
hooo hooo haaa haaa stocks go down put go up
I’m selling tomorrow no matter what percentage. Don’t want to chance a huge rally if there a clear winner.
Just $1k?
Vaccine approval will be good. 

Offset by massive covid spikes & deaths in the USA. Thanksgiving will be a super spreader event everywhere. Hospitals will be getting ugly in Dec. 

Then big stimulus.
[deleted]
🐮 BULLS NEED VENTILATORS PRONTO
What to buy
sell tomorrow
Sector rotation to oil today. You can’t even make this shit up.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Just hit 70% only 30 more to go

**URL:** https://redd.it/jms6cq
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jms6cq) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Pat_Mawenni, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
POLICE__NAVIDAD
poorcollegekid12
Sharted with the chortle
It's because of the guidance.
ya
So just like Tesla
[removed]
TSMC is the true winner of ARM Macs 💰💰💰.
Pyapal is gonna surge 40 percent cuz credit card usage is way down
Idk, Samsung repaired my monitor for free with overnight shipping both ways.  Maybe you just had a bad experience?
I think you are right, but renewable energy is also a part of the Green New Deal
Yes
That’s actually retarded
I can't lol PDT, praying for the best tomorrow :(
Logic is bulletproof
Yeah I'm just waiting to buy at day's end.
bruh... guess i m fucked  😂
Yeah but they’re currently not going down with the S&P.
Atleast you didn’t hit all legs in ur parlay and had Chargers ML as last leg to win 20k. They lost by 1 point with a td with 1 second left
Don't forget to like, subscribe, and SMASH that support floor.
Damn, sold my SPY puts too early.
Bears doing complex math equations in their heads. Bulls struggling to use a calculator.
Amazon/msft/Apple/Facebook just dragging the whole economy with it. To big to pump 🌈🐻 win
I’m not hungry but I can’t stop eating
That’s a bold play
[deleted]
Amazon is trading at 89 multiple of its earning

Guidance is very vague $1 billion to $4.5 billion
I missed out on PayPal puts but it’s gonna drill unbelievably hard tomorrow
Better hope my APPL leaps moon. If they fucking don’t well I’m in trouble.
Just a glitch, it’ll get ironed out soon
Just spike up or down already... stop being slow
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
ZM   500.0|10.2|10.6|10.46|-8.4|73.53%


ZM 500.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gax9nuy&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I had people shitting on me for saying it was set for a run at 18$ a share. If you are confident then do what you think is best. Don't let some fucking sit on the sidelines cheerleader tell you what to do.
How many red days in a row will this be for SPY
What do you mean by the bp?  If you sold a call credit spread and both legs are expiring worthless today, then it's a non-event and whatever cash collateral you had locked down would just be released when they expired.  I may not be understanding your question correctly.
I have SPY 330p expring Friday, I was thinking to sell when SPY hits 323. 

&#x200B;

Or hold till Friday?
Maybe start with cash secured puts this week? What if spy tanks to 320 or further? You’d probably be able to collect decent premium during this volatility and wouldn’t have to sit on potentially buying high
I bought the Amazon and Apple dips, but they keep dipping
Shut up and post some loss porn.
Bezos announce a split of something 🥺👉👈
Thank god. Take ur money and jerk off
sell them
[removed]
This is the way
Bulls are dying out there.

Bout time.
Biden wins -> Biden declares oil illegal -> Biden compensates oil companies with billions -> oil companies invest billions in Tesla calls -> Tesla stock going up because oil is illegal  -> XOM stock mooning
SQQQ UVXY and VXX here
Biden is winning tomorrow you know why? Because everyone is selling Amazon. Who is Biden going to go after when he wins? Amazon.
So were futures homie
Seriously though, how do you like using that fridge?  I’m thinking of changing out my GE.
Today is like bagholder match party.
> The poors will never understand 

Nothing screams rich like standing in front of your fridge for x amount of time
my YTD would agree w you
Prob cuz everyone owns Amazon including me
MJ etf, cant go tits up
Completely legal-ish depending on how good of a job whomever is investigating you does with the audit.  

This is a white collar crime at best, and even then, most crimes like this have to be proven that you actually had intent to defraud someone.  So, quite literally pleading stupidity is the best way to get out of it, and then unless they can prove that you knew what you were doing was illegal/fraudulent to the standard of "proof beyond a reasonable doubt"  which is basically 100%


Which is why "100k loan to pay off 100k student debt" is easy as A ---> B.  If you bought a house with 90k then put 10k to debt it might be looked at, it might not.  If i bought a car, a house, a boat, personal loan for construction, throw your legitimate income in there, take out some cash on your CC then deposit cash a few weeks later in an off amount.  Throw some money in a stock account, and take it out, and stuff, it -could- be proven Completely and exactly how it all went down, but the odds are no one will care enough to look into every transaction from last year, where it went, separating legit money from loan money, over several transactions and so forth.  Itll be chalked up to "this guy is shit with finances" and then theyll take what they can.

Ultimately, it won't even be deemed illegal, they just won't let you file bankruptcy on it.  Theyll say "you cannot file bankruptcy on these loans: x y z.  

Odds are, no one will file charges on it because that standard of proof in criminal cases is much higher than civil (51% vs 100%) so just because civil says "fraud" doesn't mean criminal = fraud.  Which, it might not even be fraud in the criminal sense if its fraud in the case of bankruptcy.  Its totally different things.  The most likely outcome should things turn poorly is they say you can't file bankruptcy on it, and you get in a really bad situation until you default and so forth. Which, even then, i find this unlikely.  

I don't know much about bankruptcy to say the details, but im pretty sure its all legal-ish
iPhone 12 but with a charging brick, only $199^00 extra
Get out of the market guys. They’re trying to trap us in these final hours.
How is SPY still green !?
11/20 500c ZM. I’m -80%. RIP
BULLS ON PARADE

parade to get the fuck out of their calls 🐻
sell as soon as you hit 30%+ my advice
We drilling to close?
We pumped for no reason it's only fitting we tank for no reason 😂🐻🌈
Can’t wait to buy my portfolio for the next 3 years tomorrow lmao
Something that’s overvalued by $1000 a share
🥭 calling out tech for suppression. This why it’s tanking?
320 eod
Damn. Trading on the fridge, immediate tendies inside. This autist is living in 2150.
lmaooooo
[deleted]
Margin costs suck ass
I was jacked to the tits in spy puts, and my portfolio is now very green for the day simply because I bought a few more at open.

Bear markets are the fucking best.
... And I was too lazy to buy Nio a while ago.

F
[deleted]
☯
Positions: SDOW SQQQ SPXS GME, fuck you bulls
die trash die
Lol. Nobody tell him. Weed stocks like tech in March 🚀
Too bad I paper handed half my puts at open... would’ve been positive by now
TSLA $420 for the memes
0DTE 3275/3250p were going for $1 at open. Almost $6 now. Might be a 25 bagger today?
yeah, basically all business shut down at 9:30.
Somebody just got a new fridge
Twitter lol get woke go broke
"...death row...whatta brutha knows..."

\-chuck d
Chadaq is so weak lately it’s kind of pathetic what happened to u tech bulls? U can do better then that 😂😂😂
Good luck playing calls on anything today
Wish I held my qqq puts instead of switching to spy
Can we all just agree to do a hard reset on tech stocks? Set em to 0 and then ride them back to ATH
To the tits, me boy.  To the tits.
You must really hate money lmfao
[deleted]
Been there. Done that.
sounds good thanks
If you’re curious as to where the market is headed, look at copper futures. It’s considered a leading indicator on equities. 

Hint: it’s going up 🤫
lol if u didnt sell the gap up, you're retarded
People taking profits for election chaos
You know how to make a guy feel good there bud
I bought calls this morning am I fucked
it’s happening !
Goldman Sachs informing clients Biden has edge
What the fuck is up with Amazon, didnt they just have blowout earnings and isnt a second covid wave supposed to be good for them ? LOL
😆
[deleted]
[deleted]
SEC. this guy right here
Can we see more pictures of your kitchen?
You only make 20k/yr full time...? People at McDs make more than that
Everything will resolve after it is cleared by the OCC, usually late night New York time
[deleted]
Vix is just as lost as flight 347
[deleted]
It will cause IV crash for sure
I’d like to apologize but the calls I just sold wild have been sad to see this go the other way
Bulls eat grass (green)
Bears eat meat (red)
🧐🧐
early voting results are coming in.   they are nervous
Maybe NKLA can build some of those trucks to use as morgues for the dead bodies from covid 2.0.  That way it doesn't really matter that they don't run, just tow it into place.
Just heard an analcyst say that a delay in election results could cause spy -15%  😂
Yeah its a little spooky all the betting odds have started pushing trump closer to even a day before the election
Holding CRON stock long LONG term. CGC also
Fuck you fucking bears go back in your cave I'm done with your ass killing spy you commys.
This is the second time in the last 5 days we went from almost up 2% to flat.
Priced in
This hasn’t aged well
So many bull traps fuck
Funny thing is my area code is MN which has historically always been democrat. Seems like a waste of resources or they are nervous
$leepyJ03
Shit really?
6 months give or take
Big time red dildos. Potentially an epic sell off into close.
Lol I just quickly vaporized a $1k deposit, fuck
Options currently pricing in the next drop so no one wins. Fucking premiums are crazy
😂😂now that you bring that up! Indeed
Robinhood is glitching values.
my QQQ puts i got on friday just broke even.  If I brought em today at 10am (when I normally buy/sell) I coulda doubled instead of breaking even lmao.
You are a great American.
this world shall know pain
Im balls deep in odte, once a retard, always a retard
Much lower
who is playing pypl and swks today? calls or puts?
Consolidation day
This is so bullish.
First time being a 🐻 

$325P - 11/6 Exp

🔒 🔒 🔒
She will sell your soul to AI I think not.
Your mom said hi
Yes very much so.
Lmaooooooo
Red close or another bull trap pump 🤔 

Upvote for red; down for pump
now this is tide pod racing
fuck ATVI as well
Ok, so just hold marijuana stocks. Got it. 👍🏻
Slow motion sell off with vix still elevated.  Nobody wants this shit.
can’t go wrong if u hold or 10 years
donnie now only +130 on my offshore. joey b. -170  shits getting a little tighter.
AAPL really getting RKOd today
Dump your calls while you can, tomorrow bigly red
[deleted]
What’s the timeframe?
Terrible just look at VIX it’s dropping.
This one's gunna hurt lol
Every time I hear this phrase I think of Bran the broken, then I curse D&D for ruining a great series.
GRWG is the only one worth owning
Can’t you swap the batteries out? It’s a cool idea for charging stations. Just pull your battery & swap it for a full one. 2 minutes & you’re on your way.
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NOK   5.0|0.0|0.01|0.01|0.0|168.239%
SPCE   25.0|0.29|0.3|0.3|0.03|121.6%
AAPL   130.0|0.73|0.74|0.73|-0.25|40.163%
NIO   40.0|2.4|2.42|2.4|0.51|101.87%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 40.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NOK 5.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

SPCE 25.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

AAPL 130.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 1 times

NIO 40.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gax9b5t&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Look at that VIX jump
If I have a call credit spread that is going to expire out of the money and I'm going to collect full premium but I can't close it out because I'll get PDT will I get the bp back tomorrow or today at close?
Massachusetts going on hard curfew.  RIP ever going outside.  


edit: and we have mandated masks in public.
hope u lose everything
[removed]
honestly ive been getting fucked all day take that shit down to 320
superfuk positions 

$35p SNAP 11/6

$5c NOK 11/20

$25c SPCE 12/18

$130c AAPL 1/15/21

$250c MSFT 12/18

$40c NIO 12/18 (Saving grace)
Imaging the dissapointment from both species if SPY just stay flat for rest of the week now.
still printing?
[deleted]
I think his skin tone verification is the 2nd layer of protection.
Apha calls are printing today
Lol imagine holding calls the day before election 😂
Did you see the guidance of -$4 Billions?
How low can DKNG go
I put 6k in far OTM put LEAPS in July and don't consider it a yolo
Its fookin windy outside
Microsoft is a giant corporation, they don't care about a 150 call.  To make them even start to pay attention to you, look more towards a 1000 call.
I use my child’s Leapfrog from time to time.
Mom’s spaghetti
why is twtr being punished
Mild gambling issue.
AMZN getting pummeled today
Same one CS for better selection and fill and one RH for mobile
Communist Hulk dick on the SPY  chart.
$PYPL is going to make or break me today
Spy: I can go lower
Market is pricing in a Biden win
Ok dad. I will put in the sell order. Just tempting to hold since we're at LOD now.
bought ACB at $4 even last week, it's gonna bite me in the ass isn't it?
That's one word looking cock
#Tech falling like a Boeing 737 Max  
  
Lets go!
GWPH
My pain is greater than yours
you're on a list that the Ds hope to exploit
Yeah did you see the earnings beat ?
Shoutout. Just send over the profits on Venmo, would you?
Damn these entry points looking pretty nice but I can’t jump in too soon like I did in September. What’s everyone eyeing for leaps?
SPY going vertical for the 4th time today
CLOSE THE MARKET
But there won’t be any growth/ much recovery in that industry going forward if Biden wins.
No I only inverse WSB.
Dems text me as Fallon, Republicans call me Bob
My name begins with a C 
I don’t know how my number got tied up to those names lol
Frack u
did anyone try "lOcKhIMuP" yet?
thats alot of red im seeing
No need for name calling.
Yeah I don't understand why anyone would not buy puts right now lol.
pucker your buttholes gents. the game is on

&#x200B;

you about to see some pod racing
What was the job? And how much do you make now if you dont mind me asking?
High six figures like 600-900k?
Finally 328 smd
Now this is pod racing
Nice try, but the IRS is smarter than that.

The mark to market election has to be made with your taxes for the previous tax year, timely, not including extensions.

Also they have to consider you a trader (not an investor) to do this, and to be a trader the amounts you are trading need to be "substantial".  No guidance given but I'm guessing that the $50/week you are saving from taxes ($70 if you include the money you make behind the Wendy's) doesn't qualify you.

To quote the IRS (https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc429):  "It doesn't matter whether you call yourself a trader or a day trader, you're an investor".  Fucking harsh.
It about to get real gay up in this bitch, 325 here i come
Check out CRON and the top 4 USA MSO’s also; TCNNF, CURLF, CRLBF, GTBIF
Makes sense boomer biden still probably has a team of people in a room using rotary phones
Negging you? You a Misc bruh for sure
Imagine being down 10% solely because of amazon shares 🤡
You know warrants are being exercised soon
permabulls be like: OMG SO BULLISH 11/6 Spy 1000c
world: covid cases are rising and more countries have announced a lockdown

tech: guess i‘m going to die
There are some interesting REITs that just do data centers & cell towers etc. Look at the top holdings of VNQ. Top 5 are probably safe bets if you’re buying a few months out.
Nio? One more pump today or no?
i have a structured settlement and i

NEED CASH NOW
Not worth being sent to area 51 for experimentation.
Good news is that not much of my portfolio is left is TSLA weeklies.

&#x200B;

I haven't sold them, they're just not worth very much anymore...
No downside needed to get below 330. Retard.
Been marching up all day. Looking good 👍
Donnie must be stuck on the toilet constipated with all these tweets.
Weed calls easiest money I have ever made
Is my cash gang gonna print today???
Spy puts
[deleted]
I’m fucking ready to pass 35
The new episodes? Already own all old seasons on amzn
tits and ass?
Can you call the bottom on Donkey Kong? I'm being slaughtered out here
Anyone here wheel SPY?   
Was thinking of getting 100 shares for the inevitable election dump, and then just selling a covered call on it for each expiration. in the week. Can net about $400 a week about just on premium, and If I get assigned, just sell a put as SPY will always inevitably go up
Biden isn’t actually going to pull back oil, he just talks like he will
Im selling all my tech now!!
Cathie Wood.
[deleted]
How many accounts do yall have? I have my main margin and a smaller cash account.
Bruh tell your mom it takes closer to 15-20 seconds to peel plastic off a fridge, this isn't god damn rocket surgery
I think 100$ wasn't an educated assessment on your part.
Little too high. shoulda went with 85 or 90.

more reasonable  and you would still have a shot from Christmas/ black Friday gains.
What should I buy on Amazon?
Republicans only know how to use social media bots the Russians gave them
Psh I’m at 9.5k
IV will destroy you both ways.
We are very close I would imagine. I already have all my shares from long ago otherwise I would buy here. There is limited downside now and it is Amazon, if your gonna have to bag hold any company this is it lol. 1 or 2 years from now this dip will be long forgotten.
I am only guessing it is pricing in a Biden victory that would help shorten the COVID time frame by acknowledging it still exists? Don't think Biden is going to win, unfortunately. Buying opportunity?
Just declined a high six figure job because it would require me to do actual work
If u didn’t load up on qqq puts in the morning I don’t know what to tell you 😂😂
Fucking amazon thank you 🌈🐻
From what i have seen, seems worth the risk to test it out.
Just woke up. Are we getting a Daylight Savings Event bump today? Seems to be bottom, fellas! Just went all in on this week’s calls as there doesn’t seem to be anything else eventful this week.
what’s the bottom for AMZN bc I’m getting fucked so hard I could feel a new arsehole opening up
Holy shit! Best news all day.
SELL. Take the money wtf go
[deleted]
Oh I bought. At the peak. Waiting for it to get just a little lower so I can hopefully sell it at the bottom
Somebody hold my hand while I put 5k into 11/4 SPY calls.
Damn bro someone on reddit calling me lame, gonna kill myself
[removed]
if its all you got then yeah
That’s what they supposed to do👍
I got you. Just bought half a share
Yea I was down 15k on my puts and sold. Whereas if I held I would’ve at least broke even.
Other campaign is out of money
Personally looking at CGC
my account [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuKBsJoA7jk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuKBsJoA7jk)
Wait till next week. This is not the bottom.
I can get behind that.
Depends on your acct size buddy. For some people that's just a hedge. For some, it's their whole acct.
Looks normal to me
One can hope it goes under 10.
$1647 is a weird amount to have started with.
They're mooning rn, what you on about?
Aware lol
Still up way more than me
Lmao
Their Russian friends found everyone’s phone numbers via multiple hacks.
Oh yeah definitely, holding these calls for 2023
You mean the company that go from $1700 to $3500 now in correction mode.
328 can suck a dick
$$$$
That rear end is hideous.......
SPY to close at 330 again ? Or more downside ?
SPY pump or dump EOD? I'm thinking pump just to inverse everyone.
This
UVXY eod?
If you’re buying now you gonna have a bad time in a couple days when they sell lol
Bear gang🐻 soldier checking in
Rotation out of tech names over the past couple of weeks. Tech index is down more than 6% in the past week.  I have some Tech names and they are all trading bad.
What stock are you looking at?? The 4 largest USA marijuana companies have some of the strongest charts I’ve seen since tech started rallying in March. Check TCNNF, CURLF, CRLBF, GTBIF
Also GRWG looks strong here
Maga2020
Buy AMZN you tards
3/28 is Chuck Norris bday
cuz ppl want em
A stark reminder that he is still one of us
CGC, APHA, CRON, ACB
Airlines still down bigly
Is $2.5k on far OTM puts enough to be considered a YOLO or no.
Everyone here talking about shitty "stonks" and not about Reno911 coming to HBO. WAKE UP PEOPLE
I’d say 25 or 100%+ before election and I’ll cash out half and ride the other half. Most likely gunna ride all of them and lose it because I’m really autistic
what strike prices yall setting ur straddles at
Dont worry, I sent it for you.
[deleted]
Lol Mango desperation tweeting something fierce today
Guess I’ll wait for CGC IV to settle a bit
MSFT approaching the holy land of 200. Buckle up
HOW DOES NIKOLA CONTINUE TO FLOAT GO DOWN FURTHER YOU SHIT
Fleshlight Trader^(TM)
FANG earnings...
[deleted]
Limit down tomorrow
It’s going under $10
[deleted]
Elections tho...
Why u wanna hold.
Cash out dumb fucker
he going for 5.3M
dude i want this shit to be over so badly.
same. fuck these fools. I have NO IDEA whose is buying at these shit prices. It's fucking insane haha
Why are the dems the only ones texting/calling me?
Civil war!
CNBC analysts keep talking about the tech bubble, rotation into value etc.

I think it’s fine long term, but could see it trading sideways for a while.
same as today
Why you watching CNN?
Homeboy doesn't know when to pull out if he's anything like his father.
Not voting basically makes you a gay bear
Which means they will print
options are so fucking expensive now
What if mango man tweeted “buy the dip.”
Bro you sell and buy back in
also you’re lame, sorry I don’t make the rules
Imagine thinking market makers actually move markets rather than just fulfill liquidity and set bid ask spreads.
[deleted]
Paper?
Why are you watching Fox News?
Any other time SPY drops $4, puts up 100%.

Today, puts up 14%. Lol mfers selling puts banking off them premiums. That’s what Pete Narjarian said he was doing last week.
Yeah - I really don’t get why he wouldn’t sell off half when it was $15. That was just an absurd run and would have locked in $1m
U have a target price? 25/27? Think it could short squeeze pump another 25%+
Palms are sweaty
What are the tickers?
SBUX, AN, VIAC, ABBV, WYNN, VZ, V
It fucked me hard once but this call is already making up for it
Can't get to $3 million if you sell out at $2.3 million.
AMZN dropping so low doesn’t make any sense to me
Holy shit SPY puts are so expensive.
Leg down happens with the unexpected not with what everyone expect
lmao sure follow me for inverse plays ig
Maybe you should stop being a lazy fuck and just do it
im just sayin spy dropped 1% straighline, i realize thats no biggy but vix did jump same. i was thinking the election iz over. im so moved on to next week
Let’s all try and guess trumps Twitter password. First to get in tweet some shit to manipulate the market as you see fit.
They have been mooning the whole month my man
your moms kitchen is nice.
If you don’t vote you can’t complain
same dude I still hold my shares I have hope to get at least some of my money back
Im officially calling the bottom on Hyllion at $18.30, using my proprietary 'wishful thinking' indicator.
In this case, I’d rather hold the stock CGC for the long LONG term
What’s the general consensus here? Tomorrow bigly tank or what?
rally into the most pivotal election in decades? lmao yeah okey
You risked $50? That's cute. Liquidate your 401k, take a second mortgage and actually gamble you retard.
No guidance (mkt likes guidance) and delayed products, I think next quarter it will be better
Remember bulls and bears.

it always goes tits up.
Can I listen to you atleast?
CGC 20 11/20 right here
Imagine the iv crush
[removed]
CRM is a steal RN
Get Gilfoyle asap to hack this fridge lol
sir, no one expects this stock to go anywhere but up
Who else not voting in this gay ass competition? I jus can’t bring myself to come out of the closet & go to the booth
ok boomer
puts on America
where do you see that? are you saying overall or is this the IV on specific contracts youre looking at?
Ban
u/Deepfuckingvalue should have sold his GME when he was up 2.3 million. His account is only worth like 750k now
Wrong, wrong, wrong, and wrong.
Would this sub's collective dream of VIX smashing through 50 sometime this week come true?  
  
Would our far OTM SPY and QQQ puts print?  
  
Would going full retard on bear leveraged ETFs like SQQQ work?  
  
**Find out on the next episode of DragonBall Z!**
wut. 

how about ETFs with weed stocks?
Spy finna be gay
Wait til 2100
Apple’s the only company that can announce products and have their outlook get *worse* lmaoooooo nah fr I’m crying
Lol why is there a cnn ad on Fox News? 2020 is weird as fuck
Lmao go for it, in the mean time enjoy your fridge and get your ice maker sealed from the fridge side if it freezes over.
I guess I’m fucked
get yourself a fridge that can make you tendies
Buy weed stonks now before they moon and you whine about missing out
Can’t be good for amd either even it’s not directly related.
Is anybody getting AMD puts?
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   35.0|4.15|4.3|4.25|1.22|103.323%
VXX   28.0|2.21|2.25|2.26|-0.26|161.368%


NIO 35.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

VXX 28.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gax8gh5&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
OK clear the deck for takeoff.  Bull run is starting.
We shower in bear tears.
Jesus Christ puts on your spelling.
Lmao
LI $22.5 11/20

FTCH $35C 1/2021

NIO $35C 12/18

CGC $21.5 11/20

PLUG $17C 1/2021

VXX $28C 11/13
Mango mans pumping the tweets out hard and they’re not helping a mf thing. 

🌈🐻✊
SUCK IT, JIN-YANG
bidu is the gayest shit ever.
Up 45% on these 11/6 PINS 60p. Cash out? Hold until worthless? So many options.
Apparently you can lose your government security clearance for owning weed stock...
Imagine being MM and thinking you’re going to shake me out of my NIO calls with a little intraday fuckery
PSTH is good but you may wait for next year before it moon since no one know when they found a target.
Yes, NIO, perfect time to buy in! Only up 2000%. I still remember autists here negging me when i wanted to buy in at $4 and now they're going all in at the top.
95 is my price target. That is where it legitimately should be in a normal market without all this bizzarro dip buying


If it gets to 95, I'm going balls deep. If not, I ain't an apple investor.
NIO looks fit to run. Just got into weekly ATM calls
Spy 320 tmr
We really been 328 all year huh
Same idiots who bought KODK at $60?
it went to 1.3 tho did u ever buy or not at all?
At open
Fuck Musk
Anyone here a europoor?? Stop smoking bro.
The federal gov has hardly done anything to force any states to do much when it comes to gun control. In Missouri and other states, you don't need to register firearms, and you don't even need a permit to concealed carry in Missouri at least. 

Trying to push federal laws onto states over gun control is about the most politically suicidal thing you can do in this country.
[deleted]
"you are strong and wise, Anakin, and I am very proud of you."
Ok
This so you can watch your money go down the drain while figuring out how you can make a weeks worth of food last a month?
Anyone looking at MNSO? This shit doesn't move even when the market is tanking. accumulation?
Puts on your grammar
Do filthy bulls even shower?
you can set your watch to it.
Good odds
I feel like a lot of retards in here are going to find themselves with SPY straddles at close tomorrow and fate will reward one side while violently raping the other
SPY implied volatility for this week is 53% versus TSLA's 78%. This is the first time the two are so close. Normally SPY's would be in 20s and TSLA's would be in 60s.
Nio breakout lets see if we can test the 35 high
Get puts because it won't hold unfortunately
[deleted]
All the DD I need. Im going all in
and my nightmare
When’s the algo pump taking place today?
Get some Amzn shares now or wait a bit?
Lockdowns priced in, anything election related priced in. If anyone wanted to buy puts he already did. It’s only up from here and a big juicy squeeze
Lick a toilet, COVID, get your tendies.
AAPL under 100 is my dream.
Nice
Shhh,...nobody tell him🤫☝🏻
It’s a reasonable election play. Or was perhaps.
Oil stocks went up. Biden means red for oil stocks.
All fridges need better dynamic thermal control around the icemaker hopper. All of them... and the sad thing is, it's literally maybe $30 worth of parts and a junior-junior level engineer to completely solve that problem...

Maybe I should crowdfund a WSB tendies fridge that is perfectly engineered, just to show the losers in the far east how it's fucking done...
Put/Call Ratio on SPY is 1.524.  This has been consistent over the past 5 trading days.  The market is positioned for a post-election rally but we have another day of uncertainty tomorrow.
I'm sure.
It’s true
And you knew this when you bought them?
My weeklies puts I got on Friday at the top to hedge got completely killed
Unfortunately I didn’t get in a month ago, I should have but better late than never
Fisker. FSR
I just hope it does not shoot up till next payday.
It always works, until it doesn’t
Yes, but Tesla has never been high whereas this stock has had 3x the price it has now, so that's another story.

Also by take off I didn't mean that it will be worth 90$ in 3 months, but 45-50 in 2-3 months is probable.
Teusday corcut breakers confirmed
Theta gang got rat fucked last week
Haha already seen a few of those.
li auto too

Chinese ev, liked by wall street
In my opinion Twitter holds value because it really has become the “public forum” where important people issue statements, but from a revenue standpoint yeah I do believe Snapchat and Instagram would make more money. Never really used Twitter thank the lord
😂😂😂 ur right and I personally believe in them I know you do to and it was a great report and they raised guidance
NIO just blew past 33 setting new support and coiling that spring baby.  Nice try bears
When I’m old I’ll tell my grandkids about how 328 and how strong it is
[Smoke weed everyday](https://youtu.be/rnS-05XoXs4) 🍃💨

#CGC $30 C 11/6
Lets gooooo weed stocks
[deleted]
Yeah right, year chart fucking ugly
As am I. Live with morality, die by morality
never ever listen to what we say on here
USA USA USA
Once i get day trades back im buying OTM calls on  meme stocks with ER after hours and playing the IV run up and selling at 3:55 Every time i have ever played ER the calls ALWAYS are up 20- 30% from rising IV.
Like two rival groups of howler monkeys screeching at eachother and throwing their poo. It'll be the best show on earth.
Where the hell are the commas?
Stonks only go *up*
[deleted]
not nearly enough to justify their stock price.
Seriously if Tech stock keep moving down we should take Internet down since Internet is also Tech. So you guys better let Tech stock moon again or else we are gonna take away Facebook, Instagram ect.
you filthy fucking cunts you.  should i straddle spy ahead of this fucking shitshow tomorrow?
no choice.  double down.  it cant get any worse...lol
All the degens are out this week.
They just announced positive news for testflights, new pilots, NASA payload.
Hurry up and tank so I can buy stonks
even more space
How jacked are you?
I hate myself for not sending NIO on Friday
SPY 327.90 to 328.50 is the new range.
What the fuck bro....
Last chance to get calls
Sexy downtrend today. Bears to feast.
🌈🐻✊🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I dunno but it's about effing time. shiiiit.
Don’t mean it’s a good investment lol
God I miss flying 😢
Lol aapl boys are the dumbest people we have here. 🤡🤡🤡
😆🤣😆🤣😆🤣
irl. Daddy only gots Visas
Do it if you want money
They’re hiring like crazy
[deleted]
What did you bring it into them for?
i'll retire
I bought them cheap in the AM, just not sure if I should hold a bit longer. Not sure if we are expecting more or less volatility over the next few days

Edit- sold them
Puts decaying fast 
Tank pls
AMZN is repeating it pattern from last month (9/2-9/18). Today we are at the equivalent of September 18th. RSI and DMI on Sep 18th are nearly identical to today. MACD and Bollinger bands same. Don't be surprised if this is bottom.
So many more questions
Geo is green tho
Yer mum
Anyone can tell me what’s up with spce?
sold a $77.5c at $78

held aapl $130c at $117 (:
I bet we rally more after 3pm into closing and then stay flat for tomorrow
I hope these SNAP 40 buyers declare bankruptcy
*theta gang
so bitter
We end the day at 328. End the week 328. End of year 328.
Excuse my ignorance, did he buy 100 11/6/20 35Cs? What does the +600 mean?
Inverse
It was priced in months ago
Im all in on nio jan 22 40s lets gooo
I clicked that link knowing full well what I was about to get myself into.

I have never been more relieved.
I am trying to figure out how to hedge all my dumb positions
I can try that maybe itll work lol
Lmao 🐻😂
is that in your wallet, or you mean irw
Tim apple making me worried.
$330 calls expiring in a couple hours still have 50 cents left in them. Insane.
Couldave bought 330p for .8 now trading for 2.3. I was so close to pulling the trigger but i felt like it made so much sense that wed die down that the market wouldnt let it happen
4 c
In Twitter the sentiment looks NO but some people are saying  polls are 46(yes)/42(No). Any idea what’s the real sentiment on the ground.
Posted about REGI before and they’ve more than doubled in price since I bought shares in May. They benefit hugely from legislation that took effect the end of last year that gives tax incentives per barrel of natural gas produced. That legislation isn’t set to expire until the end of 2022 so I don’t intend to do anything with them for at least another year.
spoiler, this was actually a SPCE rocketship to the moon
Got some CGC 11/20s last week
Sudden green candle like today lol.
How illegal is this in comparaison to going full Walter White and just selling meth to pay everything off?
I love when I see mooning posts than look at the ticket and it's like a 1-2% movement
what
Trust me I know it's all my extra money from this year it hurts but I ain't dead yet so I can keep going one day itll work have to keep trying no matter the cost
[removed]
[deleted]
I am trading in my Hololens.
it's honestly just a joke, cause in reality if any other company reported those numbers, announced stock buybacks and raised guidance, they'd be up 20-30% but Camping World ... goes to levels not seen since last Wednesday lmao.
What's the cost and how much movement do you need to break even and then to profit? Do you have enough time?
Probably around 200% after last week
Positions?
NIO makes batteries and sell cars
Market 100% pricing in a Biden win right now. Just take a quick look at the stocks that are green today
Not a bad idea to have some 1P and 3C
CGC leaps , NIO leaps both guaranteed to print.
SPY below 300 by the end of the year easily.
Should be a good long term hold.
There that bull trap, right on time..
[deleted]
Bears and Bulls both retarded rn

Cash gang getting MENSA invites
Haha no... unless 😎
Sony since it started pumping at 78 is now at 85 and isnt losing steam. Goddamnit me.
It’s more then extremely low it’s damn near impossible 😂😂
Won’t see the effects of that quite so soon, most poors don’t care if their credit score takes a beating but when they lose their roof we should see things start to crumble
Stop playing with me Jerome and pump it
I'm one of them lol.

Hoping to avg down if AAPL hits 90 next week.
Cashed out 40% up. Still holding SPY 6 NOV 325p May unload that end of day if trend is people chasing the put hard.
Godspeed
I can't. It's the sinking hole falicy.
Shares it is (go ahead, downvote me you dicks)
hoping for event short + excitement over new iPhone coming out given pre orders weren’t reported in earnings + pro Max just about to be available for order
Except this fridge has a POS ice maker, at least my 4 door flex did. Had the have service people out 2 times in 6 months because it would freeze over. Piss poor design engineering from Samsung. Only thing I like about it is the screen and speaker.
I hope not 😢
People are still holding onto Nov 135 calls lol
Yessir
Ladies and Gentlemen,  
  
This is your captain speaking. We have started our descent towards QQQ 260 and SPY 323. The weather at the destination is extremely volatile and turbulent until tomorrow. Please fasten your seatbelts while the seatbelt sign is on.  
  
Thank you for flying **Air Bearways**. We hope you enjoyed your flight.
am i crazy for wanting to go all in on puts eod & swing into tomorrow?
We gotta do better than that bears come on let’s finish the day -1%!!!
Insider: lowest you will ever see AMD
Especially if Mango refuses to sign a stimulus because he lost
Its either gonna test the hod or lod im betting the high
What are the light saber candles on apple called
I fucking love that shit. When I first watched this movie I don't remember thinking anything of that scene (I had no idea what any of it meant), but I rewatched this movie about a year ago and understood the scene it perfectly. It was a magical experience
87 means you're a bit dumber than average

welcome home
Solar and weed stocks mooning, market saying something about election?
[deleted]
Weed
Everyone who bought calls on Friday made money today. Lmao
algo spamming their site
[deleted]
Spy just break 328 please
Why? LMAO the chance of this trading below $20 is extremely low...
Pull out and take a break, volatility is about to get insane
Spy puts now dumbass
PFE, any day now
Fake algo pump soon
sqqq 24.5 25 call 11/6 11/20
Still no date, still “fall” 
Don’t expect any real pumps  until the launch date is announced
Stop? Wtf.
VXX calls and VTI puts are printing nicely.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Sh4d0wH0dl3r don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't see why they would be different from any other election; will probably get exit polls + early votes Tuesday night, and probably a trickle of mail in afterwards.
Weed Stonks be poppin
Thoughts on PSTH? I've been seeing some posts on here but I don't know if people are just pumpin'?
It’ll be the best seat in the house
[deleted]
Some institution(s) that sold a fuck ton of dump puts will throw all of their cash into this wood chipper until it jams and seizes up
my account balls are heavily dipped in the tech sector, any suggestions on companies to diversify w?
Just commenting to follow the fun
Just do the opposite of what you'd do
Hey Baba..... stop mouth fucking me.....
Even Moneygram is holding RMBS, just $3mm though
How much is GME short interest at now?
That pleases me. I have seen your flakes all over this sub.
and very $$$$$
[removed]
Is 87 on an IQ test good? Curves to an A- right?
do it
means $40 incoming 😎
[deleted]
I trade on a microwave running Doom, which is itself running Robinhood.
[deleted]
 Marijuana stocks leaving the atmosphere! 🚀 CGC, CRON, TCNNF, CURLF, CRLBF, GTBIF, AND GRWG
I’m pretty much all in on 11/20 puts.. lambo or geometo this is the wsb way.

What should I put as my license plate for my car?
[deleted]
If WSB has taught me anything, Hope leads to disappointment
Man I’m up $10k this week. I’m ready to retire from all this lol
Imagine if amc goes to $10 for no reason.
Spy getting ready for its eod drilling
pretty much
Got a long call with a break even point at $19 lmao, premium so fucking cheap
$340
Buying those PYPL debit spreads far enough out that VIX pump > share drop.
F
Can profit off of a crash with lower IV by using lower volume spyders
i can’t read statistics and numbers just tell me are we pumping tomorrow or dumping?
That fridge is like $1500-2000 no? 10k seems excessive
Yes bro wtf
Expected SPY movement in the next 2 days is $12.20 based on options pricing.
Is there anywhere in the US we can do this? Easy money
iPhone 6S with a cracked screen crew checking in 😎
[deleted]
Who would be more clingy to power: Donnie or Cersei?
probably
The big deal is that part of that Biden gain is in Pennsylvania, which was looking close. If Biden can't lock in Pennsylvania that changes a lot of things. So the confidence interval has moved significantly for Biden with this morning's polls.

The real-economy stock market wants Biden to win and takes off whenever it looks as if he will.

But, don't listen to me. Because upvotes can always be redeemed for Robinhood $$
Spy puts before close ?
You're legit retarded.
holy shit TLRY was so obvious
Mango is fuk?
gROOT gang lets get it.
Port is up 100% since last Thursday kinda wanna pull everything and sit this one out
Lies
Add tuition loans to this
Delta: -0.06, Theta -0.63. I'm good buddy
PYPL to drill after earnings?
At the end of the day its up to the states to issue lockdowns. I mean why the fuck do we elect governors
Except the lately converted bears think we should enter March crash 2.0 and that's stupid.

We didn't crash this badly because of the number of Covid cases.
Rewatching Casino Royale, the main villain's $100 million puts expiring worthless lol ultimate autist
I'm doing this after the election gets sorted then selling otm weeklies on it
OP's stock research team is made up of Zack's junior stock researchers that got rejected before they made it to interviews.
SPCE testflight date good news
Too big too fast IMO
gotta think Amazon is gonna crush it for the holidays, virus or not.
I got 11/13 $20c leggo
He lost his lunch money :(
Bitter bc u missed train :D
SPY 11/13 315p
A fuck ton of different CRSR $25c’s
http://imgur.com/a/ozBsL3E

Gonna need some plays after I get paid tuesday to come back. Prolly can put in 200$ any ideas

Yea I am fuk/rekt
So fucking easy to go down and painful af to go up
Nios been between 32.50 and 33 for 2 hours now

Edit: nevermind lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
11/6 26VXX C and 312 SPY P
Should I sell my 32c VXX calls at the end of the day? Up almost 100% today
so many election sms messages rn, calls on TWLO
This sub is gonna be so wild tomorrow night
Dudes need your thoughts.

Volatility can be a major play but given how it's reacted to today it may not shoot up a lot or it may. Who knows.

&#x200B;

Given this info, thinking about a strangle with long VXX call @ 30 and long VXX put @ 25.

The idea is to capture up & down or down & up. Thoughts?
Down 70% praying for a run up to earnings Q1 2021
FACEBOOK is at strong 1 month support level, get in now!
it sure did buddy
Delta, Tesla, my balls in my wife’s boyfriend fists
Been thinking the same thing lmao
Ha... Thinking of doing the same on Tuesday, if we get a run-up before the Market closes on Tuesday, I'll probably close up to half my positions and open some Puts. The risk of Biden winning huge enough where Mango can't "reasonably" contest the results is still good, and the Markets could go stratospheric... Of course, I wouldn't fully bet on things being wrapped up in a tidy bow by midnight on Tuesday.
I think the safest bet is to go all in on SQQQ $35c expiring this Friday
AAPL boys got wiped out from the first event in September then the iPhone event, now they think this new event will save them lmao
I swaer I thought it said digital investor on the sticker
Weed stocks are going for it
fuck SPCE, retarded shit
I can attest to this
my portfolio is bleeding but cash is still trash
I have calls on tide pods combined with windex and bath salts. Can't go tits up! This is the WAY!
I got a cheap ass $250 samsung fridge 5 years ago and so far I’ve had no issues
 
How long is a fridge supposed to last anyway?
You'll know the exact top is in when the entire thread is yelling NIO with rocket emojis pre-market one day.
I will rule over the wasteland from a throne of skulls
Selling puts?
Hope it drops it like it’s hawt
That's pretty brave.
Sept & Oct separated this sub from our yacht money
Better keep the plastic wrap on so you can return it with hands of steel
I want to buy puts so I’m thinking calls
your prediction is not bearing out.

wtf is the news
NIO is not good for short term plays...
11/16 $300 SPYp
I couldnt help myself. Was not what I was expecting. SFW
[deleted]
You may want to look at canopy up 9.6% on the day.
Bear gang
SPXL 45 put 11/20
No u
People who think xxxxxxxx can't possibly happen in 2020 are fucking retarded.
Residential too. Lots of landlords can't kick out tenants who don't pay
thinkin bout an amzn leap right now before election day
SPCE and a good turkey ham sandwich
SEDG buy the dip opportunity. Earnings AH
LMFAO
Didnt they use to have battery issues
poors rising up in bloody revolution?
Short it real quick bro
Good shout
[removed]
I just increased my price target for AAPL from 127$ to 200$ by 2022.
SPY EOD predictions?
Jesus Christ, FUCK YOU ARK!
boomer stock
Do people here not understand that a PT is for 12 months out? I know lately stocks rush up to meet a PT as soon as it's announced, but it's supposed to take 12 months to get there, not 12 seconds.
TSLA calls NIO puts
QQQ 11/13 $270p at least holding into tomorrow
Yeah I was at the George Floyd protest in downtown Houston and there was very little looting or smashing windows. H-town is better than that people.
$5
[deleted]
Say you think SPY will close below 330 by Friday, but not any lower than 325. You buy a 330 put and sell a 325 put. You have a fixed maximum profit. Just need to close out before it expires to avoid pin risk.
In that case, all in on China stocks https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1323330770199408640?s=21
spce site crashing did anyone read this yet?

https://www.virgingalactic.com/articles/virgin-galactic-flight-test-program-update-spaceflight-from-new-mexico-progress/
@u/argyt I found u
So we loading up on puts tonight or what ?
none which I know of or stand to question 😎
Yes
what should I get for lunch
no mews on yhat wtf
I need a power hour 0dte lotto what do I do? It’s come down to a coin toss at this point. 

I kinda of want to go in on calls because big money might keep pumping it today and dump it tomorrow before close
It’s going to open at $325 tomorrow lol
Yeah assuming there is a clear result. And we all know that ain’t happening. Give it two weeks and maybe your little theory holds water
White knuckling 325P expiring today
sell them and close them out two days later after the IV crush
[deleted]
Bitch what the fuck
Sad, that’s a lot of money they’re about to lose...
AAPL bulls got wiped out. First after the watch, then iphone, then earnings. Me included.
315p 11/2
Yeah how high is this stock going to peak?
Check Idna and arkg etfs - 20% off of the top in a few weeks. Doesn't look like vaccine is around the corner just yet
God dam this is so cursed
Any particular reason for the rocket ride rn?
VIX yeeting but upwards
All in. Ty
325
of course
electric vehicles are the future
If they go they'll all go. Biden wins and those states open up, we could see another meme run. What's your average?
Commercial yes, residential not necessarily.
420p
SPY $300 puts expiring on Wednesday are 56 cents each. A lot of people are expecting a crash.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Whoever said cash is trash wasn't watching their portfolio bleed each day
Oil 2022 will be a massive dub, US shale got dicked pretty hard and demand will come back to full extent by the second half of this year. China just increased non state oil imports by 20% this morning for 2021 and are continuing to stockpile state sponsored oil reserves as well. India and China will lead continued and significant demand growth for crude and LNG.
200
lol, not really. 40 billion dollar car company that sold 5,000 cars and doesn't even actually make them.
Reported to roll out their own Mac chips.  Puts on Intel.

Edit: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-invites-media-nov-10-171501054.html
300p
300 11/2
325
Take profit homie, I sold off my CGC calls and am just watching from sidelines
Ok, which of you euro-poors just [bet £1 million on Biden to win the election](https://www.newsweek.com/million-biden-win-election-largest-bet-ever-1544011)?
Alright boys roll call. What’s everyone holding?
Why is SPCE mooning
Leaps are probably a good idea, but my shit expires in two weeks so that’s where my anxiety comes from
Apple event incoming
Rookie numbers
what wuz the vix spike  at 1,30
All in (my butt)
rawwwr
Duly noted
STOP
Next four friday
vix is mooning rn
AMD is literally raping me. Su Bae why hast thou forsaken me?
wow SPY puts are so expensive right now
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmkz1s/comment/gax07ol?context=1
keep telling yourself that lmao
A really good fridge- like really good shoes and a really good bed- is just one of those things that is worth the money.

The poors will never understand but who cares? That's why they're the poors. Enjoy your rusted 19 year old Kenmore, poors... When I open the door on my really good fridge, reaching for tendies is a literal ***experience*** going inside that fucking thing.
First step would be applying to LO jobs online. You can go with either a bank or a mortgage broker/direct lender. If you go with a bank you don’t have to take the nmls test, however your comp might not be as nice. If you go with a broker you wont have much of a base and you’ll have to take the nmls test but the bonuses are insane. You also can’t have a recent bankruptcy on your record. I’d just check LinkedIn and start applying
ALGN doesn't care.
You now live at the place you were birthed. Life comes full circle.
[deleted]
Weed stocks and acb are ded.
Ok?
Oh sweet we're going up!

GUH -> HUG
SPY 1DTE YOLO pick the strike for me
So you went all in with how much and gained how much and then have lost how much? Because with your pic seems you didn't lose that much
Who bought $ZM at $588?
i am. the one fucking day i buy calls.
This possibility keeps orbiting in my mind. Guess we'll find out.
Why is AAPL so fucking lame now? Are people seriously that uninterested?
If Sleepy wins. You won’t be able to trade with confidence until Mango is kicked out of the WH next year
I'd give it a sideways
Yeah it’s definitely our best way of reaching people your age aside from Instagram. Twitter is really only good for “brand advertising” aka if you are okay with paying premiums for intangible brand value (aka eyes, but not direct sales.) long term I’d bet on Snapchat over Twitter, but weekly or monthly obviously it’s random.

I owned an account with millions of followers on Twitter until recently and sold it and left the platform because of how toxic it is. The platform was on a decline until trump started using to campaign. If/ when he loses, I can see Twitter banning him and losing the engagement his account brought. Or, if he doesn’t get banned but he’s smart, he’ll make his own media platform like a podcast and only use Twitter to promote that.
Nio Leaps is where it's at dude.
[deleted]
100 x 5 and ik that’s still not a lot don’t remind me
Since y’all scared. I thought this was a sub for risk taking. Am I in the wrong place? Is this not wallstreetbets........I’m confused.
Look forward to more people defaulting on mortgage/rent payments and the USD continue its descent to hell
In calls? F yeah it can. MMs have to buy shitload of shares to hedge. What do you think?
Where?
Not enough zeros.  Work harder next time.
REITs are all screwed. BUY PUTS ON ALL OF THEM.
Heh yeah now we're only at 142. Blue skies lol.
thats a pretty big dip
Nah I have my own and it is DIFFICULT
all my SPCE holders, it’s time 😎
Idk
GUH
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
CRON   6.0|0.33|0.47|0.4|0.15|101.952%

**Unusual option activity detected on the CRON 6.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

CRON 6.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gax6z7w&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
cant even enjoy these +5% when I’m down 40% all time
It's ok bby your 100 dollars will be ok
Civil war
Holy shit VIX on a mission
Who the fuck is buying rn 🤡
Just wait until NIO cars catch fire like Chinese hoverboards
Wednesday spy long straddle?
I must have misunderstood the “how pathetic that they feel they have to do this” 

I feel like whatever direction the election goes it’s gonna blow up like crazy
CRON $6C 11/13 or nah?
Rip
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPXS   6.0|0.87|0.9|0.89|-0.1|106.245%


SPXS 6.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gax6y1l&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
thoughts on WEED stonks? bagholding ACB
SLV 👀
Oh what? And the fat redneck chuds are going to come out with their hunting rifles and take on our military? Idiots.
Less overhead and operating costs. Duh
0 :-)
Virgin galactic must’ve had a successful flight, SPCE taking off
lol bye vix, this market is wild rn
So market stays down and snap goes up, market goes up and snap goes more up? Fuck this game
Any little green candle destroys puts. Lmao.
I just went all in on NIO 33C exp in two weeks; scale of 1-10 how badly would you rate this trade?
Vix took off like a rocket and spy is limp dicking it. MM fuck off.
It's not your strategy it's the fact that you're trading options at all without even knowing how option premiums are priced. If you'd known that you'd know it never makes sense to exercise before expiry.
Just watch.
[wrong](https://products.wholefoodsmarket.com/product/365-by-whole-foods-market-thin-crust-pepperoni-pizza-435f3c)
[deleted]
business decisions.
[removed]
That's diversification of some sort I guess
$328 was the floor. The rest of the day will be higher and higher.
[removed]
Samsung and LG fridges suck ass.
baba
Diamond hands will ruin the best of us
Bought the RKT dip :)
It is lol.
Am I the only retard holding PYPL calls through earnings?
YA'LL...I just got off the phone with my dude, Mr SoftBank. Said "NIO is the last dip we're gonna see for a very long time, maybe even ever. Load the fuck up." His exact words.
found the angry NIO bear
man can everyone push to get this daylight savings time shit cancelled...its a fck. now i stay up til 04:00 for the close, so will not get to sleep til 08:00 now for next  six months, 07:00 was bad enough
Visa is fucking trouncing Mastercard today sheesh
Thx for being specific with the time zone. Fuks here are throwing time stamps and making it obscure
M-shaped recovery
No idea it just shot up.
All it will take is Trump losing and you are there.
[removed]
[deleted]
its cause civil war calls are cheap
Me too, but I wanna go second
3% dividend with 9 P/E ratio. They just need to survive for at least 10 years...
NIO sells cars too?? What's your point?
is it messed up that i’m using the gains from NIO to buy a tesla?
lol SPCE
Mooning to $40 on perceived trade weakness from Joe
You sick fuck...crunchy?
What’s up with spce??
Yeah bro
Even tho I’m so confident on my spy puts I’m so scared
Two American cities are burning because two non-innocent people died. The elections will have 100x more impact than those.
exactly, doing nothing most of the times is the better choice
Spy went literally from 333 to 328...
she would be really attractive if her face was symmetrical
Dumbass
Lets say the election is now over, what events are there even to look forward to?
There is no way a pizza at Whole Foods only cost $5
Quick! SPCE!
I work for Sucking Extruding Cunts

Insider says SPY 0$c 3/23/20
Yeah FNKO abt to kill earnings
NIO the hot stonk but anyone follow LI?  EV company that actually sells cars.
UVXY calls and SPY puts. Thank me in a week
my plan
Bought all I could afford at 263 more. Lets gooo
I'm just wondering if we won't get a false pump after the election & then have 3-4 months of completely stellar performance.  Macro notwithstanding.
DKNG announced a deal at least once a week and never moves. Just announced one 30 min ago and drilled
It’s just going to hurt you man, get puts if anything
Make America Great Depression Again!
Could you imagine going to a party and getting so autist that this was a great idea....then leaving without logging out....
My stonks turn into a benjamin.
as you should
Gonna need those 50,000 rounds when the Great Race War begins.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   34.0|1.14|1.16|1.14|0.36|108.811%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 34.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 34.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gax6n2w&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
Weird flex but ok
Ban
$VVIX down almost 2%, investors pretty confident that there will be no post-election shenanigans, I see ...
that was pre-election world, not a guarantee now
I’m with you, I know that’s the reason. I’m agreeing with you
They announce a flight date?
went from -24% to +12% on my aapl puts today. lessons learned: 1) don’t hold puts before an election & 2) diamond hands work sometimes 💎🖐🏻
Those pizzas are so small and not worth it. I'm serious!
VXX is how I play VIX since TVIX got delisted. I think VXX is the main way to play vix, please correct me if i'm wrong
$350/day gang. Doesn't sound like much but it's twice as much as my old job! And the proceeds are feeding the put-selling machine that'll keep me nice and lazy next year.
Still green half a percent for the day
Well it depends what your goal is but I wont be suprised to see a short squeeze to $40 dollar range before it sees a correction.
I’m really rooting for this market. I think we’re fucked, but I am rooting for it. I want investors to win.
Your Wife’s boyfriend isn’t going to be happy if you leave fingerprints on his fridge.
Mods
When was that put bought?
You just looking for a reason to suck off your dog eh
Samsung calls
AMA tomorrow
If you're not buying high and selling low, are you even trading?
Dont lie.

How many of you got caught in the bull trap? 
I been buying snap puts since daybreak. Issa wonderful feeling, baby!

(I ain’t gone lie tho, I bought some hella early. They still gone print, but still. Fuck😒)
yep 👍🏼
So should I buy some nio? Nahhhh
I wish
Septuple bottom on AAPL
Vix calls? spy puts? Deep OTM spy calls?  What's the move retards
Wtf happened to spce suddenly. What's news
Clearly not vegan, but is it gluten free
Should I sell NIO 34c 11/6? Getting pretty fucked from FOMOIng
Wtf happened to LULU?
NIO is dogshit and you pumping that vacuous stock in cahoots with the Chinese government does no one any good. Go back to bed.
When even Fox reports this, you know it's real bad for 🥭
Shooting heroin together? How romantic! 😍
buy puts
Damn sold those Aapl puts from this morning too early
Wow u were right bro wonder if it really is manipulated by a fund or something I should have picked up puts when it pumped hard 😂😂😂 but I am happy ur went even in this shit 😂😂
All frozen pizzas at Whole Foods are 50% off through tomorrow. Seriously every pizza is $2.50. 

 Good news for anyone holding AMZN calls 🤣
$SEDG puts are free money
TLT broken
!remindme 1 day
how do u get those
[deleted]
If SPY doesn't go red EOD,I'll lick peanut butter off of your dogs dick.
It'll be fun when we go from 327 at 3:55 to 331 at 4:00
It should go up when trump wins. Thank him that your 401k will moon
Basically same thing
Too high ?
CGC ( canopy ) literally had a property set on fire and the stock is up?
down after earnings, but long term i think it’s a steal rn
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/93633154

Open your eyes
Or as we call it in Zimbabwe, $700 trillion dollars.
Ok Intel is getting dirt cheap. I'm about to YOLO on it
why'd you have to say that, i just convinced myself not to fomo into nio calls
Ivanka has this irresistible beauty to her. A father’s dream daughter.
Hope ya sold
Of course you are!! Isn't Filing for chapter 13 the whole point? I'm proud of you son!
Proof or ban
I have a strong feeling were going to EOD pump instead of the obvious dump, any non gays with me?
Cap
Ah you are one of those - just comments on what everyone else is doing but too afraid to do anything yourself
call credit spreads for spy?
[deleted]
Oh I don’t disagree with you at all.

Just think this dumbass FOMO market will push it higher regardless of its business

Pre: NKLA
I was reading that if you calculate everything using the Shiller PE, big tech looks a lot less overvalued... 🤔
GOLDMAN SACHS MD FOR GOVT AFFAIRS TELLING CLIENTS JOE BIDEN HAS EDGE OVER POTUS || HES UP SIGNIFICANTLY MORE THAN HILLARY CLINTON SO WHEN FACTORING 2016 ERROR RATE HE STILL WINS DESPITE POLLS TIGHTENING - FOX BUSINESS
Pumping to dump harder
Snap existing is a crime against humanity
We aren’t crashing until Nov 4th. Around 10am Cali time. 

Thank me later,
You think correctly
he will get no seats on mars, probably sweep the rest

for the arket angle, spy calls for short pump, then the massive hangover is gonna hit
I closed half my UVXY position and opened up some longer-dated UVXY puts on the remote chance we get a thetagang sponsored election and VIX plummets
Now I need help. Who else think buying SQ calls is a wise crazy decision?
[deleted]
Followed that TSLA unusual whale put on twitter. Exited at 25%. All cash for tomorrow and buying dip Wednesday
It will close at max pain at328 to fuck everyone
S P C E
Nothing says “this was purchased on all credit along with the new la-z-boy set” like a giant  fucking screen on a fridge.
Just realized I've been playing VXX and not VIX. Oops?
Evidently true on both accounts
mods needed over here.
MODS WE GOT 1
No one knows lol
Move to Australia, your downward red arrows become upward green ones
MODS
until tomorrow
this guy gets it
[deleted]
Oh how many times i have heard this before before a newer low
Why do they have a screen in the refrigerator in the first place.
Bought some apple 150 leaps for 1/22/22 here, will buy more if it goes lower
🤡 valuations 🤡
he already said no lockdown, should still buy zm calls tho
**THIS IS 2020**
Anyone here work for the SEC? Need some insider plays plz
Bet
VIX at 38!? Bro, if you ain't selling premium then you're just taking a ride on the vol crush pain train.
Biden says no lockdown.  Sounds like it’s going to be more of a national mask mandate and open safely
we all know a giant green dildo algo pump is coming
Put time
Yes pretty sure. But they deliver less than 100k cars and are worth near $50B? 

Be careful with that one.
I’m thinking red because of the election
If SPY doesn‘t go red EOD, I‘ll lick peanut butter off of my dogs dick
What happened four years ago...
Nio and APHA calls. Spy puts. Thank me later
Sure bud
Strike date?
I'm in your sister's cuchi cuchi gang
That's cause most of the March crash was a liquidity crash which isn't much of an issue at the moment so yeah I agree
he’s gonna enforce a lot more lockdowns than trump will
[deleted]
No. See also: 2016.
> lockdowns

you have them all through out Europe, zoom is popular there as well and it just keeps sinking like a stone.
They don’t feel like it.. they HAVE to do it. You forget what happened four years ago?
SPCE 🚀
We're back and Michael VIX just continues to make big gains on this drive, VIX is getting it done on the ground and through the air, as here's first down and it's a designed sweep play for VIX! He's gonna get down inside the 10 before he's finally chased out of bounds and this bulls defense is absolutely GASSED right now!
Could possibly be this with Dems winning.
[deleted]
SNAP at 40 is a crime against humanity
No
Also renewable energy stock
MSFT STILL hates 200. Good.
Lowest you will ever AMD again
The confidence this man has in NIO has inspired me to buy in. Also still crying about the NIO shares I sold at like $4 last year
FAAMNG? That's old news bud.

Take a look at  G T F O

only Ford is down today
Aapl can buy twtr with pocket change right now
Why would a Biden win mean a lockdown?
Free for the cat to jump n time some nice calls
Jesus VIX
Are you still heavy into amd? I have a deep itm bull put spread on them for 90/92.5p March 21
Autism peaked
How much money have you lost overall?

(Got 'im)
interesting analogy
"Soon". Do you know how many cars Tesla had to sell and all the Musk manipulation it took for Tesla to be where it is compared to before where it was relatively flat for YEARS. Why do the retards on here think every bullshit ass company is worth billions. You guys want to be angel investors and venture capitalists, while the real angel investors and VCs are cashing out on you. How about holding on to your money and making responsible and intelligent decisions?
Bc I dont understand how
A. You are retarded for buying from best buy. 

B. You are retarded for going to the TardSquad to fix your computer.
Buy tech, democrats love big tech
5 eow. Algos are dumb and they’d pump it
Hahaha
Those two outcomes aren’t linear to the market. There was a pandemic this year and the market catapulted after a quick drop.
Sold PLUG CCs. Feel good.
I use my leapfrog tablet
Just walked through downtown Houston. Every single business is boarded up in the downtown area. How pathetic that they feel they have to do this. Smh
Markets go down when incumbent is about to lose
Found Hunter.
Short UBER EOD tomorrow. If prop 22 fails in CA, shits tanking. They should also tank on their earnings, which is Wednesday.
What does this mean?
Have to start now and average down. Don't buy all in. When all retards go bull it's too late.
[deleted]
Tweets still gonna be extra spicy till year end
the truly smart people in here are never permanently attached to a position

the smart people are bears right now and will switch to bulls when appropriate because they have reasoning behind their actions not just stocks go up or SPY 200
Yes
I’m rich in crack-cocaine
NIO coming out with booty shorts. On sale next week for $42.069.
>!I accidentally hit the spoiler button and then just decided to run with it.!<
28 at least
What a time to be alive!
Yeah I know. I’m looking at 300 worst case. If there’s a blow out I think we’re mooning. I’m cashing out tomorrow on my bear credit calls.
How should someone play a trump election loss with him then declassifying  everything in the entire government out of spite.
Zero cuz I don’t play memes.
pretty sure this shit will moon just because donny wants to pamp it before voting.
[deleted]
[removed]
Nah betting markets have him resigning early
AMD
Bulls needed to change the daily downtrend annnnnnnnd FAILED. 

Praise be the bears.
[deleted]
Everyday is "high covid cases" no one cares
Fuck yea I love this shit. But I keep seeing people on Facebook and IG asking about ways to help with their anxiety and shit lmao
softbank was sort of telling the truth when they said their billions couldnt really move the market that much...
This downwards pressure is crazy right now, could easily be mostly red across the board by close. 

This makes me think that tomorrow will continue down into Red, but at the same time most of wsb seems to think it’ll be red tomorrow which almost makes me think green.
Man and we got elections tomorrow more shit to fuck up this market
Spy is disintegrating like spiderman.
DGLY up big.  So, the market is “forward looking” by what....24 hours?
I bought a laptop from best buy.  It broke, so I brought it to geek squad for repairs.  They just called me to say they haven't been able to complete the repairs because they dont have a charger for it.  I have to bring them my charger...which I bought from them...for them to complete my repair.

Calls on $BBY because I'm sure I am getting charged extra for this.
pricing the future. New snap users went up. New Twitter users went down. just a guess, though.
lmaoo, and youre gonna watch it run to $4-5 if not $10 in the coming days. sorry
Anyone buying calls for SQ? I think they will blow away expectations. Who else thinks the same?
But calls might be a good idea.
Putting all my money into NIO instead of going cash gang. The Chinese will take care of my money 😌
Hate bears but I can't even lie, holding puts this week feels great lol. 

Jacked to the tits in UXVY calls doe.
[removed]
🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🍆🐻🌈
Do the polling results come out later during trading day or?
SEDG earnings predictions? Gonna pull a FSLR?
My tech positions right now: 𓀐𓂸

Please help...
Sub 100 here we come!
If the market doesn’t increase significantly in value very soon I am fucked
it went to 197 like a month ago, no reason it should be over 200 given the present reshuffling / vol around election time.
[deleted]
DXY pushing up higher, getting ready to breakout to 94.5
Correct. Honestly sounds like a bunch of children lmfao
What happens if AMD goes back to $2
If mango wins, VIX through the roof
👏🏻
[deleted]
Bulls r fuk   Say it with me
[deleted]
SPY closing below 327 today?
Trump is the president until January regardless
AAPL coming out with its own broker, infinity day trades with small accounts 📈📈📈📈📈📈
Business boarding up today is so sad..this country is in trouble
Too safe. Very low risk tolerance
MMs btfd?
This is the way - I was more so alluding to this fact. Perma-anything is retarded
Not even investors. Just absolute sheep. If an article is printed saying a stock might go up sometime soon, idiots pack into it like sardines in a can
RIP
ban
When spy hits 300 buy calls
I would think so. With a 5% return annually that’s a good chunk of change especially if SS is still around. 

Really depends on bills. House paid off? What’s current monthly spending? Etc
Your neighbor UVXY gang say hi

UVXY 25C
I bought at 52-45.................... 18
30 and 33 c 😎😎
Thats how options work. They end up being very valuable or worth nothing.  Most expire worthless.  Never buy them with the expectation of breaking even.
What if I told you all money is paper money
Tomorrow is going to be a long night. Can already feel it.
Already down 50% on my TQQQ short puts. Why can't I ever just wait a little? I think I'll be good at $107 but it'll be white knuckle over the next few days.
Based
[deleted]
HCAC
....it's green
How much money have you lost the past week?
People who think there is going to be a civil war are fucking retarded.
Imagine if you weren't poor
Msft
Haha idiot. Buy puts
lol.  literal lol..   well done retard.
328 breaks and we head straight back to 324?
WTF is holding SPY up all my tech stocks are red
1.5 million in 2020 dollars, yes. Just add 2% each year
VXX predictions for EOD tomorrow?
Profits? Looks like the market is about to fuck your mom and give you a little brother instead
I Yolo my 500$ into spy puts how safe am i
Why murica, why ?!
it was mostly an election play/fomo from last week it dipped hella friday so i just sent it but got out i’m not holding through tomorrow lol
[deleted]
that situation has happened a bunch of time but next month there is a new ath.
[deleted]
PUTS PUTS PUTS
All the way
This isn’t the return of the dark gods... at best this is 4 evil elves in a trench coat.
So we yoloing life savings on AMC 30Cs?
yet, bulls mostly right last several months (not defending bulls..i am a bear). but you're right. no one ever says "oh man! look at all the great news why isn't the market going up!" it's usually, "btfd! brrrrrrr! stonks only go up!"
Apple sure loves 108
Oh covid cases going up? Dump Tech! (gottem)
market rotation into all things chinese?
blackrock?
More like terrified.
its low volume too, there's just been low volume tbh hard to say what the market will do
Green Vix Dix Pics for sale
Im fuked
Fuck yeah! SPY getting fucked 🌈 🐻
Lmao covid classes suck that’s all I’ll say
QQQ just bounced off its 100 exp. moving average to the fucking penny. Sometimes entry levels are very visible and easy to spot.
[deleted]
My risk tolerance says that I can by spy calls the day before a civil war
Effects of NNN hitting already i just got a 3/4 chub reading that cause I thought of Keira Knightley
I thought my call debit spread wouldn’t go tits up that expires in April... it’s going tits up
don’t forget FD puts eod
why is twtr going down
A song about The Quality Street gang 😎
[removed]
Anyone excited about tomorrow? lol
The people really getting fucked are the wannabe small street bets kids on tik tok
Not in the pic.  I use a liquor bottle.
Everything drilling except SNAP, snap is apparently the saving grace of the economy. Dumbass investors
this wedding is horseshit
This hits too close to the dumpster behind Chili's
Wait till the day after a winner is announced
Down 100.02%. Solid
Depends on how much Healthcare will cost when you are that age. Could be wiped out by a few  cancer treatments
My puts are getting hard thinking about it.
u/SaveThisVideo
Stocks pare gains on tech woes

Stocks retreat on tech worries
Sir this is a casino...
lol i got a 307 exp 11/4 halp meh
I should have done the same. I lost biggly
I'd be thrilled
[https://i.ibb.co/hfJW717/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/hfJW717/image.png)

HUGE Spy lit pool share print just rolled in:

1,500,0000 | $328.91 | $494,000,000
Come on SPY you can do $329
Wake me up for the last hour or when SPY hits Sparta 300 again.
[deleted]
The screen on my printer/scanner.
This post requires way too much thought for WSB. I dig the idea, though!
I seriously don’t know what the fuck is still holding nkla up. We haven’t heard shit from them in months lol
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Can Election Day cause IV crush similar to an Earnings Call

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmroc5
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmroc5) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Formularization, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Formularization
-jurjen
Jack-Skinne
Curio5g3org3
LongJNUG
water_boat
dingo_dollars
Dow Jones was the fiercest pirate to navigate the market
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
25.5c
NKLA
SPY puts
Have you seen the chart for NIO? Just buy Dec calls atm and sit on them, or sell weeklies against it
Sector rotation into your mom
How much longer should I wait to load up on calls? End of week? There will likely be a rebound right? I don’t want to miss out
we don’t do that here
I think fb/Twitter good plays if you expect a dem win
Goodluck brother, I’m in a similar position, I bought some more with margin on my other account🤞
Puts for now. I think it’ll come back up but don’t think this is the bottom either
Not interested
regeneron is manufactured in the ovaries of thousands Chinese of hamsters.  Chinese wildlife, it gives and it takes.
interesting, I am 19 so therefore retarded, my whole generation is addicted as shit to Snapchat so I can believe that. If you want to reach gen Z Snapchat is your avenue
probably flat
Lockdowns again! No one is using tech, this lockdown is gonna take us to the dark ages, or so investors think
Tell it to give up. BURN SPY BURN
Reasons don't matter, that's all you need to know. The smart ones don't fight the trend with "logic"
took $3k in NIO profits and rolled them shits into more contracts
My dumb ass has been watching them since 15 and only playing calls the whole time 😂😂
Ummmm 🤨
Guess who just got back today

Them wild-eyed bears that had been away

Haven't changed that much to say

But man, I still think them cats are crazy

They were askin' if you were around

How you was, where you could be found

Told 'em you were livin' downtown

Drivin' all the old men crazy

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town)

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town again)

You know that chick that used to dance a lot

Every night she'd be on the floor, shakin' what she got

When I say she was cool she was red hot

I mean, she was steamin'

And that time over at Johnny's place,

Well, this chick got up and she slapped Johnny's face

Man, we just fell about the place

If that chick don't want to know, forget her

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town)

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town)

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town)

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town again)

Spread the word around

Guess who's back in town

Just spread the word around

Friday night they'll be dressed to kill

Down at Dino's Bar 'n' Grill

The drink will flow and the blood will spill

And if the bears want to fight, you better let 'em

That jukebox in the corner blastin' out my favorite song

The nights are getting warmer, it won't be long

Won't be long till the summer comes

Now that the bears are here again

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town)

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town)

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town)

Spread the word around

The bears are back in town

(The bears are back in town again)

The bears are back in town again

Been hangin' down at Dino's

The bears are back in town again

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGZqDzb\_\_bw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGZqDzb__bw)
good point
PDT saved me on Friday from buying calls. I bought puts on Friday morning and closed out halfway through the day, and I didn’t have any day trades left.
so we can buy the fucking dip
shit still ain’t dumping like it used to tho
Wow didn't even know. Thanks!
312 here we come!
Vix calm yourself
This leak is worse than the **Titanic**.
What positions g
Antitrust
I wanna see that AMC gain porn tomorrow boys
Peel the fucking plastic film off you bitch
we'll be back to break through that weak ass shit in no time
Anyone playing zoom?
MSFT really bout to go below 200
Spy puts are my only position red rn come on spy just die
SPY 11/6 215p up .01 suck it bull nerds
It feels like we are due some big news
Bring on the carnage
no idea
SPY going red today or WUT
Not in China
Stripe boisssssssss
Twitter ohh. May be a bargain now.
my 320 spy puts would absolutely love that
NIO will go to $100 by end of this year. Kidding, I have no clue how stocks work.
we all buying puts you dumb barnacle
SNAP is fine tho
SBE
Portfolio going parabolic
27c gang gang
This seems autistic
Tbf “stonks only go up” is like 5 reasons packaged up for morons, but yes permabulls are morons
Bears are the smart ones? How much crack have you smoked today?
[Take a look at that call/put price skew](https://imgur.com/a/1jR1vTX). That picture was the weekly showing the IV difference, but go look at the other dates and their chains. This is likely to do with warrants getting exercised as NKLA had a similar situation but was much more exaggerated. Buying shares without making an additional options move would be a mistake. I'd recommend waiting until after the warrant situation ends or selling puts at the level the IV skew is dictating the price will be after dilution. 

Edit: I'm interested, but I'd like to do more research before deciding my move and position size.
Knew this morning was a Bull trap, MM's trying to shake out the weak Bears and ready the Bulls for slaughter...  Held onto my UVXY and added more this morning, now sitting pretty and waiting for the fireworks over the next few days....
Puts if before Dec
Calls if after Jan
Kang gang are the true masters
And for this weeks installment of 328 the strongest number in the world....
Lotto ticket gang represent!
I have inversed my fomo, going 330 calls
Which FAAMNG stocks are the best deals rn?
I know. There hasn’t been any breakout news for a while
[deleted]
About to break 10K in my gains for the first time. Stoked. 

Positions closed this morning for 12% profit, Calls: ETSY, DKNG, FDX, CHWY. 

Holding: SPY ITM puts 0DTE.
Only gay bears buy puts near strong support level 🤣😂🤣😂
Haha i do too, just pointing out this is in no way an everyday occurrence
Guys want one thing and it's disgusting

\-Stock market crash

^(and sex, lots of it)
Yay! Didn’t blow up my account! Well totally.. AMZN 2/19 3100c are still a toss up but can’t imagine they go tits up, right? Right guys? 👀
:/
Imagine thinking the day before the election is going to be blood green
JPOW prints the Weimar PapierMarks, Trump can send the Brown Shirts.
keep your head up trader your headsets falling off, ofc it’s natural to be nervous about losing your job. start firing away resumes like drunk texts on a Friday night at 12:30, and stay active, tire yourself out so your brain doesn’t
I reckon we get another bs pump EOD, maybe a bit earlier this time around
This didn’t age like milk. Well done.
Depends if you're 40 now or 20
damn, we gonna bled until 4 pm
We all know our boy 328 don’t go down without a fight.
This is a rug pull, if there ever was one
Even I did not click on that one
not for long :(
Calls on breadsticks, unlimited profit.
depends when u turn 59. Today? yes that's good. 2060? probably not great.
[deleted]
i wish i would have
#🚨🚨🚨 Reminder 🚨🚨🚨
  
ZM is still over $440  
SNOW is still over $250  
PTON is still over $110  
SNAP is still over $40  
  
NKLA is still over $0  
  
**We have a lot of room to slide further**
[deleted]
say goodbye to the coddled american bull
you initial suspicion was correct. all those gain posts were in fact too good to be true
Just sit on cash and watch the world burn. Come back in a week and pick up the pieces
Alzheimer’s.
Underrated comment
I'm not in the bear market, the bear market is in me
[deleted]
Its alright man, it gets better. I lost 18k in 25 minutes during august and i felt the same. Just gotta zoom out and look at the bigger picture.
flair checks out
This is the way
Doesn’t QQQ also have 3x option expiry dates per week?
yes
GD I average down on spy 330p then panic sell for a loss like a puss. Got 5 left. Please 🌙
U r fukt then
It's like watching paint dry right now, frustrating half fuck price action
How mobile is that?
He knows he will have to sell his 4K refrigerator after his next play. Better value retained with plastic on
I took Wednesday off so I can watch this place and the country go nuts Tuesday night
you think so, little boy?
I might buy BA calls just because it tends to pump 10%+ for no reason
Imagine telling people 50 years ago you make trades on your fridge
is it too late to buy NIO now? any other EV play post-election?
because I'm fucking right goddamnit
If you live in California or New York...no. Otherwise yeah that’s good
The longer I’ve been on here the more I’ve learned how fucking dumb most of you bulls are. Legitimately the bears are the smart ones. Bulls never have a reason why we should go up, but bears always have a reason we’re gonna go down
Die twatter die
Yolo on AMC calls because I’m a retard. PT $5 feel it in my balls.
I would jit
commence drill
imagine being a bull imagining all those things this morning
Agree. I’m bull, but cmon, you have to adapt to the situation sometimes. Also, somebody let SNAP now, that shit nuts.
4 weeks in a row with this shit, ducking ridiculous
U will make money in a month or 2. Depends if u wanna be homeless for that long. U will make profit tho undoubtedly
also, you know cheeto is going down with a fight and he's gonna drag the market down with him
Can't wait for the real panic selling to start
Sold for 20 bucks profit then bought a call
This drop sure took its sweeeeeet time coming in today. Finally.
Does this mean the bears are coming back in to root for the collapse of society?
The kind of Asian that pulled out their profits and paid their car loan, and transferred to TOS. I’ll be back to making yolo plays on robinhood in a month.
Don’t overthink it.
he think trump has ad block disabled
ohhh and last night with futes. Fuck em
Ya best start believin' in bear markets



CUZ YER IN ONE
[deleted]
You must wear big pants.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m sorry man. But in the grand scheme, over the course of time, that only like 5 years worth of a cup of Starbucks expensive coffee each day with a tip.
Was mostly Tesla. Just buying and selling (good timing). Started options last week, never seen anyone do bad things with that - so I have that to look forward to
Get ready for more fuckery my man.. this shit is going downnn..🥺

I have my ass spread out wide but ready to btfd
Never heard of that. He has a 180 day lockout before he can dump his shares.
Why couldn’t you guys just wait a week to trade lmao
Apple event 11/10, they're going to be showing off the new ARM macs. Puts on Intel.
320 tomorrow
from +8k to -2k, fuk u nasdaq
Um, spoiler alert much?
SPY320eod?
Ass up teeth out
Low volume posturing by MMs who think they've divined the outcome of the election already, and now fear is setting back in
[deleted]
326 here we come!
Dont gaf bout fair value tho
just need it to drop one more percent no biggy
Youd actually only have about like 20 minutes to get out of amazon before you got fucked
Who is going to Olive Garden when cases hit 150k/day this week? Drill on DRI
Man. Tech is so overvalued. Watch 'er fall.
Positions
Look at SPY man so inspirational
107.8 for
Apple has been broken!
Fuck i wait and wait and it keeps going down
ATVI was really up 2% today too holy fucking drop Batman
Ya
You will get gains my friend.
Why is Twitter down bigly and snap up bigly
I swing both ways. I turned quite bearish a month ago though.
Just a thought: Maybe you shouldn't masturbate in your own mayonnaise.

Save that behavior for when you visit inlaws you dislike.
Dad?
The fact that qqq is down so much more than spy simply because spy contracts expire today proves that this market is the NFL. Riggeddddd
Lots of people just went negative YTD. This is when the real panic is about to start. Buy puts before it's too late
This shit going down fast like Fastly
Keep holding puts or we gonna have some idiotic pump EOD?
this market is just one giant trap
Puts until we test 323 if you wish
[deleted]
[deleted]
IDK but I've been holding that shit stock for 4 months and finally got out at $3 a share with a 5% profit. never again
Bulls were so cocky this morning
tomorrow night is going to be ultimate comfy zone. drinkin beers, lookin at memes, maxin out on shitposts...ahhhhh :)
Drill Team 6 reporting for duty
JPOW better print so hard that the Zimbabwean dollar denominations look like chump change.
Call me crazy but im thinking about going long. Havent added since June
[deleted]
Where can you see buy orders at those price levels?
[deleted]
Tired to warn you man
Puts!
just a heads up were probably going to see a decent bounce off of 327.5 or 327 because SPY is oversold right now so take it as an opportunity to load up on more puts
I don’t know what the answer is but IV will be worse tomorrow
Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye

Later bulls 😘
[deleted]
impressive bull trap this morning
It seems like the best play might be to wait until earnings on Nov.2nd which should be bad and buy calls if you want to lotto this stonk
NIO has the Chinese gvt !!!
you missed the part where I said I hate having money. $20 BET baby
[deleted]
poots prolly
[deleted]
Probably similar to the feeling of buying puts the last 6 months
Am I really gonna have to sell my house to load up on Amazon shares?
fuck this dump for starting so late. now i know how a boss feels when an employee comes in late

"frank you fuck you know you live 30 minutes away!"
Money printer go zzzzzzzzz
how is this gain? Ban
The funny thing is...who the fuck is buying rn 😂
V-shaped recovery!!!


(on bear portfolios)
$$90 fair value
[deleted]
No dont do it u finally got out.

He tearfully implores, eyes glued to his 11/6 exp VXX calls and SPY puts.
I would say that embedded processing of the sort that requires ARM as well as parts from Texas Instruments will be a growth area. Distributed generation, PV, wind and "smarter grids" all require powerful point of load processing.
VIX is headed for green? Who could have guessed
SPY puts printin
impressive
Ban
watch spy big green dick rally in the last 15 just to drop tomorrow afternoon
Why did spy drop?I have puts btw
Hopefully my calls recover...
SPY 327 here we come!
Holy hell these candles tho
WSB bulls have been sacrificed to the whale gods for bear tendies. 

Your sacrifice will be remembered. 

*cackling fades into the distance*
That’s how you know.. it ain’t the bottom then
Puts?
This is a damn good price for AAPL tho
I’m glad we both made money today
Did they fixed the glass doors?
ngl this shit hurtin haha
Tomorrow.
This rug pull is munching my carpet.
yeah, but it has a PE of 86. plenty of room to fall
free fallin to 324
Really praying for a circuit breaker tomorrow
SPY 300 puts. Yes I know..
Yeah there’s barely any support after 107-108
At this rate I'll be fucking the wife's bf
SNAP should be drilling to 35
The ship is sinking boys FOOK
[deleted]
This isn't even funny anymore, getting fucked by bezos, Cuckerberg, and Tim Cuck for 3 weeks straight
Don’t be retarded.
280??? Why not just do debit spreads closer to ITM so you don’t throw away money?
give me a -3 day tomorrow for spy plz
Jesus gets me horny too
🌈🐻 luvs JPow.

He has perfect record of tanking the market every time he gives a speech.
😩
"investing" ?

We don't do that here
I see used tampons
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [POP SMOKE - WELCOME TO THE P](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usu0XY4QNB0) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usu0XY4QNB0)⠀►►⠀ 2:40 / 4:00 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
fk this, even fridge is doing better than me
Ain't it like an hour before close or something?
[deleted]
FADING FADING FADING
When did you buy them? IV will crush them if you got them last week only.
DKNG goin down
Puts in the morning worked great A+++
Sooo who bought calls today
[deleted]
If you loaded up on puts at open, might want to take a little profit here because there hasn't been much velocity on this dump.
[removed]
I’m a bear can I eat your ass
If it gets broken.. watch out below.. i see it going to 100 and taking the whole market with it
A commodities trading platform?
SPY crashing in slow motion.
S H A M B L E S
Why is your fridge so dirty like my portfolio?
Spy puts or calls ??
What’s with twtr
SoftBank can and will pull the order book when you least expect it
don't make the mistake I did and take your profits  
runups in after hours can murder profit
Except who wants to pay higher prices right now when you can buy in later for cheaper..  you want to make money and we literally just had pump and pump and after pump of tech, its time for the money to take profits, which they did as you can see, and now they want to buy in cheaper ... so its waiting time right now for tech.
err you mean 42.069
You’re buying brand name cereal? How fucking rich are you. This is the wrong sub.
AMZN is so oversold, holy shit
Alexa play welcome to the party by pop smoke
Don't think we're going to drop past 327...tons of buy orders around that price
Accounts blowing up left and right
Feelin so horny rn Jesus
I was so over leveraged still down 8 percent on day an holding puts.
LOL at the bulltard cucks 😎
Any word on what they’re going to buy?
tech is the one taking the dick right now.
Spy 315
You need to be in position for tomorrow, now.
Gave myself paralysis by analysis. WTF should I do with my money rn
That’ll do it
IDGAF who wins tomorrow as long as they pump the shit out of FB, HD, AAPL and SQ tomorrow night so I can close these calls Wednesday.  Then put Yeezy in there.
Get fucked kettle
Look at NYC
You said it man!
Literally Apple amazon Microsoft and Facebook (39% of the Nasdaq) are crashing the rest of the nasdaq and market god dam
Soon this fridge will be your house.
RIP. Market isn't turning back around for at least a month
Bulls: ah shit here we go again
can you say it 1 more time please
I'm such a poor, bought a single vxx call and hate having money so threw down on a fuckin 280 spy put eow lfg
This is pretty gay dude
Kinda mad that my dad is one of those "save and invest" kinda dads but he never just put like $50 into a stock for me when I was a kid
If QQQ is down .5% I need spy down .75%. Spy has the banks and travel stocks for fucks sake
Made $1k on LL bought 200 shares Friday close
Care to share the DD on NIO? Also any other recos with the market being low?
Ya so sleep cycles usually last 4 hours so I think that’s what happened, you woke in the middle of a cycle.
Haha buying puts is so easy money. Most of this sub can't bring themselves to buy puts, which is why it's free money
deep state did this
Hate to break it to you but futures mooned all night (Europe and Asia pumping the market up). We are the poor ones that are crashing it right now lol
I can't take this pain anymore. All I see is red.
The last time MSFT closed below 200 was 6/19/20. There is a gap unfilled @ 190.82 from 6/15/20. Could today be the day? 🤔
Pretty much what I’ve been doing for a month but it was way more fun losing money on stupid FDs
Today ended up being a giant bull trap.  RIP bulls
Vibes ✅💵
Yes buy them back from me good sir
I understand this but I think the panic has completely taken over and your usual hoarder suspects are buying several times more than they usually do, and even sane people are falling for bad deals out of sheer desperation. For instance, like an idiot I started a new project this Spring in a caliber I hadn't stockpiled prior, and found myself paying nearly 2x regular retail for remanufactured shit just to have enough to test and zero the thing.
k.
holy shit they’re bringing back the iPod shuffle
Risky but not that stupid if you wanna gamble. Gun to my head calls or puts I'd buy puts too. But my actual play is to do nothing/buy dips in my long term investments cause I have no clue what's gonna happen post election let alone how markets will react.
SPY puts 325
Hour before market close I believe
[deleted]
ARM is the one with NVDA yea, I like that solid move, ARM is well used for embedded processing.
WTB spy 320 / nio 30
Apparently there really is no such thing as free money
i still don’t think my put prints here but this isn’t bad
Around 3
You bought 120 $20 puts?
It needs to be broken for good 

Crash all the way to 105
Hey bulls,  eat my ass
As a Californian I too agree California can go to hell.
Nah, I recognize that its gonna happen regardless
RIP in piece
Weve already crashed more than ever in a week before the election, so im with ya
This shit melting down so slowly, its gunna bounce to fuck everyone.
But aren't they offering a bunch of shares at a max sell price around $2.39
Positions?
That SPY drop 😍
Last Friday was the move for that. Youd be up. I got in Friday morning made decent moniez
Idk if I should hold my put overnight
Fuck man I think it's very optimistic to hope it's gonna be over after tomorrow. But I am with you.
[deleted]
Great one more thing to drag the stock down
TWTR should start charging Trump to use TWTR. At least their stock price would start going up
timber
I was like 20 pounds overweight via BMI and I had shit sleep apnea. Might be worth a sleep study for a cpap machine
Go bully someone else.
holup something is amiss here, you claim you have plastic on the fridge for having an asian mom, yet you only have 5 bucks in your account? what kind of asian are you?

and you're probably spending more in electricity to trade than what's in your actual account
&#x200B;

Dug up my old collection. Sold the played and < $20/card and even some empty wrappers for 1k so far.

Sent 50 of the higher end higher grade cards to PSA. It's been 6-weeks, probably wont get them back for another 6-weeks.

Posted sales of my shoebox collection here: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18f5iJ3Ye0ip\_sCYYI1\_e1JHV-xftZMIR9PlTf6B9AJ8/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18f5iJ3Ye0ip_sCYYI1_e1JHV-xftZMIR9PlTf6B9AJ8/edit#gid=0)
Bear market price action.  Futures manipulation to gap up and then fade all day.  Probably fed pumping money via futures for banks to suck off the tip during market hours.  No momentum in any direction, VIX this high means whole indexes move like penny stocks.  Bears are in control.
How about a peeing video
SELL SELL SELL
107.80 support to the penny
I said it 27 minutes ago. I'll say it again...

NIO and LL are the safe havens today.
And in case anybody forgot. FOMC on Wed-Thursday. You know, if there wasn't enough going on right now
I send my condolences
[deleted]
r/optionmillionaires
SPY puts or SPXL puts better if the election gets fucky and there’s riots? SPXL obviously riskier but if the market tanks it’s a gold mine.
PC or an iPad.   I used my phone until I lost >$1000 in the bathroom messing with futures when the wifi cut out, and I didn't want to run out into the middle of my office with my pants down. Upside: Price floor on my dignity has been firmly established.
That euphoria at open though
[deleted]
Yo everything is so overpriced fuck IV
[Senor Chang](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNJFx0yTfPQ) is on to you.
Looks like the WSB autists are moving the otm 11/6 CRON calls
Or he's in commercial real-estate
Hey bulls! How does it feel getting cucked nearly every single day?
RIP to the last 250 they had in 0dte 340c
~what time does RH automatically sell contracts?
Holy shit AMD why
Urge. To. Fomo. Rising.
Love me some IV and AAPL
right, I have AMD shares as well. I like these two long term, which is why I bought the shares. the short term action is nothing I really care about, if we move down I will average down my costs if we go far enough. To me the future is about parallel processing.
I’m up on 311p 11/6 lol. How much longer i hold on? We over 2.11
From 500$ down last week to 1.2k up today just on NIO shares and SNE calls. And I don’t what the fuck I’m doing
So you’re saying it still has more pump in it then
I’m just joking you’re good ✌🏼 I wish I w as cash gang rn
A trump victory is already priced in
_ 9
the floor is $108
Sorry to everyone who wasnt in SNE this past week. You missed out on some tendies
Sleep apnea
Imagine not buying puts earlier today
Buy the BRK.A dip
Jokes on you guys, ants can carry 100x their body weight in puts
[deleted]
Quiet you.
Bought spy puts right at the top feelsgoodman
Bought a straddle Friday. Sold my short end at the first dip today. Sold my long leg at the top and then bought weekly puts when it was 331. This game is too easy😂
Wrong- D.TRUMP
Lol
[deleted]
Counting down the ten years
RKT had my dick hard

now it's getting soft again
[deleted]
I wouldn’t be so sure. But ok
What website are you using for the OI changes?
Was about to do the same but went with CNK. Similar upside with less chance of bankruptcy
I see your wife’s boyfriend invited you over for some beers
Only GRWG
Everyone is in shambles bozo
Print pictures of trucks and touch ur pee pee
Lol I just got this same fridge
Who the fuck keeps pumping Apple
As someone who buys social media ads, this isn’t surprising at all. Facebook (and IG) first, and Snap is what we think will be the best returns in the coming years. Wouldn’t spend a dime on direct response Twitter ads, it’s money in a black hole
imagine making the rules tho
Bulls & Jpow in Shambles.....
19?
quality of this thread keeps plummeting, it will soon break $0 just like oil
I thought you went broke
“APPLE STONKS ASSEMBLY!!!! FORM OF.... “
While Twitter is down and makes sense to you

Not all of us, we’re raised by a Jew

Social media is one of a kind

I’d love to hit you from behind
IV so high, amazon down 2% & weekly puts up 15%
NIO has actual products tho
i put $25 into amc calls lmao hopefully it prints
Can confirm. I need to cash out my long position for a down payment on a home and this is just what happens.
Why we going down If trumps gonna win?
SUCK IT, JIN-YANG!
11 hours.
why not just pull out 60k
Go do something else and let your LEAPS collect money.
Yeah but im in euroland some options cant be exersised like in the usa
I'm fuqqen loading up tomorrow/Wed
You’re dumb as fuck
Bulls in shambles
VXX TO GREEN SPY TO RED
Snap has retard strength backing it.
U-V-X-Y you ain’t got no alibi...
JPow is just replacing the printer ink. Rally will resume in a few.
The only girls I’ve got are my cats. Go get em chief!
its hard holding these amd 1/15/20 85 calls. averaged 4.95. down close to half
Watch it look like a regular truck lmao
leave her alone
Why did mods autoban comments with ticker DGLY
Puts are gonna print today
It'll be designed by an 11-year old instead of a 9-year old.
Very obvious. But apparently wasn’t to a lot of people this morning saying bers r fuk from a small increase. Rip to their robinhood
[deleted]
I did have ramen noodles for dinner
Jesus
Gimme some retarded plays
How many hours was it? Could be you woke up during rem which would def make you tried.
Yeah doesn’t make sense ? So ur saying u sold for a 15k loss?
Stock is bad, its fundamentals are not good and its chart doesn't look good either. It's only a buy if it reports a good ER
I wanna see one of those red candles that makes the rest of the chart smaller, youknowwhattamean?
36,000 OI on TSLA 1/15/21 100p 🤔
Anyone else in $SPXU calls?
Cmon VXX kick in the afterburners.
[deleted]
Why are Eurpoors so poor??  Are they all liberal arts majors?
NIO is the next NKLA. Just a pump and dump.
What is it exactly that Nkla does again?
crumbling down, it's so unreal.
So this DD is copied and pasted from this website- http://willowdalepartners.com/smith-micro-software/


It also seems to be a bit old..

Their other recommendation- SEAC, didnt fair well
Weird bro almost as if all the negative shit is priced in already
Snap is the new nkla
SNDL
Too real
^(Better get out of that trade.)

^(You have been wrong before.)

^(Remember how they look at you. They know.)

^(Think of the shame.)
[deleted]
Dude, the analysts giving upgrades are paid by the people collecting commissions on trades
Right there with you!
Poor mark cohodes he’s all in on them and ostk
I occasionally snore, but I’m not a chronic snorer. Normal weight.
Took profits on RKT calls and [bought ET 5.5c to undercut the 6c open interest](https://imgur.com/a/Knb7ysO/)
Sold later that  next day.   This comment was posted during after hours before the 21% drop the next day.
Whatever catastrophic crash folks are expecting isn’t going to happen 

I don’t make the the rules
Spy just die you bitch.
Welcome to your new nest egg
depression?
Remember when it went up for like 3 months on pure fomo?
It doesn't necessarily correlate with price momentum, but stochastics.
This dudes got calls for sure
While JPOW is off, and your account is in shambles

I’m out with your wife, just think of the gambles

Now I’ll tell you, She sucks a peg like no other

It could always be worse, least it’s not your brother
why the hell would he listen to you though? he just made hundreds of thousands.
AMZN calls are free money here, right?
What do you Americans call it? A banger in the mouth?
idk why i waste money on options. Basically i'm flat on options while making up for all lost time playing es futures.
My guess is you’ll be bagholding for a loooong time
Bulls aren't even going to be able to vote from debtors prison, so sad.
**'TESLA TO UNVEIL UPDATED CYBERTRUCK ELECTRIC PICKUP DESIGN IN 'A MONTH OR SO'' -ELECTREK REPORT**
the market gifts bulls a 2 hour window to sell their calls and instead the reaction is "bears r fuk!!!" all morning while buying more calls and then shit starts selling off and people are crying like it's the most unpredictable event all year
fractional shares I presume
Thoughts and prayers
Bulls capitulating?
325 also.
LMAO, keep doing it!   XD
Yep, keep in mind expiry isnt until 2.5 weeks after ER, so i plan on holding, especially sine the ER will be jacked to the tits. Ive averaged down to 2.00. If we have 3 or 4 days like today we are all green and you can send your kids to private school.
c\_ \_ i  \_
Still recovering from battery day, but playing SPY today is freaking fun.
Isn't it obvious that this was going to happen today?

we're trading in clear bearish channel and we hit the bottom of the channel on Monday causing that faceripper eod

now we hit the top of the channel at 332 and are gonna bleed back to 322
[deleted]
You can probably still just call them fugly
Reminder: No matter who wins the election **don't** go loot and burn shit.
Rotation into SLV?
this aged well
Soooo calls at power hour again? Got it
Maybe you’re onto something about nerves. Might be losing my job soon.
This that bitch brain shit
Imagine buying 5% OTM options on SPY on either direction 🥴 theta gang wins again
12/18 $3200c, started with 1 call now I have 3 at an average of $17k a contract. Yeah 50K in AMZN calls. We're fine hold strong and let Bezos turn into Santa this Winter and leave you diamonds in your stocking.
What’s dumb is we are still green for the day...
VIX shrek dicking
[deleted]
10th stage of grief: i dont give a fuck anymore
Red before close
Leap calls Nio 2023

&#x200B;

HAMMER IT, Im up 150% in 2 months and this baby just starting. I have $25c
depression
If theta is higher than delta, then I should avoid it, correct?
[deleted]
We could easily have record growth immediately after the election, simply because it's over and a victor was decided-stability returns to the market & the vix drops to pre-covid levels because a comprehensive plan (even if it's a fascist agenda) is in place.  That kind of stability can't be bought, so the svxy could moon the day after the election.
I been trying to figure this out too

I'm suspecting low levels of Vitamin D or K2 or magnesium
I appreciate what you're trying here, but this is the definition of wrong audience.

You might change some minds but the reality is that the vast majority of people on this sub who actively participate want to hit a lottery ticket. Not set up a stable portfolio.
Looks like very.  Fuck.  

Confirmed:  Remy smarter than me.
covid
Stairs down hold better, I’m not mad about it
How does it feel to have $1.3 million evaporate in a week? Jesus christ man
Go look at Dec S&P options
I’m a fan
That's.....so interesting.  Something about the legal gymnastics folks can pull when it comes to taxes and finances is fascinating to me.

I dunno if that's a good or bad thing, but still so damn fascinating haha
don't sell
Couple possible reasons:

-Too much sleep can cause grogginess 
-Depression 
-Eating shit food the day before 
-Drinking the night before can cause interrupted sleep
-Sleep apnea
Keep shorting AMZN. It's going down another 10%.
Are you overweight? Do you snore?
[deleted]
Probs throwing $1,100 away on these VXX calls, but it's worth the small hedge on all my other shit.
Remember when Amazon smashed earnings and then went bankrupt?
what about the next day and next few months since then?
Well I was planning on getting in on a dip but it just keeps going up. If it isn’t under 27 within the next 10 trading days I give up.
Believe it or not I was gonna comment the sub but I forgot the name somehow...Idk how I got into college sometimes
Not explicitly, but I think it's a good enough signal.
It is weird how 323 has such strength when it gets crossed both up and down.
sell all the the things
if there is indecision regarding the winner, the market will probably dump. If there is a decision immediately, the market will probably be fine, maybe pump for a bit.
Gotta wait till Biden is officially elected or you might get clapped hard
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard the USS WSB, where we pride ourselves on going straight down.  


Our current destination is 11/20 DNKN 105 puts, and the weather looks clear for a tank with strong pressure coming from elections and the inevitable drop from this peak.   


We look forward to your continued patronage on this voyage of tendies, and we hope you enjoy your stay. And remember, my wallet runs on DNKN.
nervous about something, substance before u slept
I’ll be buying amazon at 2700
You're still a good kid.
U-V-X-Y should have hedged your calls  my guy
You're fucked! Yeah, yeah you're fucked!
Lol. I put $50 in AMC. I have big folio btw but every dime matters now
Salivating for it to drop to $195. Loading up on shares then.
There's bullshit support all the way down. We're set up for blood.
[deleted]
Yeah, zoom out a little more, it's _always_ been doing that hockey-stick thing (it's probably gonna keep doing it after this tiny down turn). This is just a good spot to buy if you haven't already.
[deleted]
At least they are shares lol
Just fucking dump already
[deleted]
Closing half my puts today bc I know this shit has retard strength at 323
Maybe those 19.99 die cast ones
Which we will yolo the $37,000 into AAPL calls and turn it back into $7
VIX doing that thing again
[deleted]
WAYFAIR GONNA SINK LIKE ME IN YOUR DADS PUSSY
We still have 3 more hours of this.
pfizer vaccine data end of this week or next.
Hit reset below ondemand and then reload whatever scanner you use
ha you wish! my SPY 313P 11/2 will lambo harder than yours
They became severely overvalued once quarantines started and are finally coming down to reasonable levels. Should continue to decline unless the US enters lockdown again.
What weed stocks should I jump into?
Anyone know why I feel super tired after an especially long restful night of sleep?
Did you start with $20?
My puts still haven’t noticed were going down
Lost $13k in unrealized gains. Buy and hold my ass
this is the quality shitpost material i come here for, keep it up soldier
11k for the 100th time,, might bounce
Why tho?
Get ur assholes ready we’re getting ready to dig
That depends. I've heard of people suing their way out of private students loans. However, federal student loans? You're shit out of luck.
It’s green how couldn’t it be organic
Are you ready to make some mad money bro
While I’ll take my dildos, and you take your dicks

I’m going all out, and buying the VIX

Now half my accounts betting on the end of the world

I’ll sit back and relax and jizz in your girl
[deleted]
Fuck I just bought NIO all in... I hope to make it out alive
Everything drilling except RCL lmao. Slash my tires and call me Denise
Underrated does not = undervalued 👀
[deleted]
Yes
Majority of my portfolio has been in leaps since the end of September and this shit is boring as fuck
TSLA and $420
💎 🖐
Same...
Or it’s so they don’t go bankrupt....
It's called a telephone. As per the fine print in you account agreement, all they have to do is make a "reasonable effort" to contact you.  There is no requirement that they actually do.
I want to make a play that makes the least sense.

Either hugely bullish play or count on SPY being flat. I’m still bag holding SPY puts from Friday when I was counting on the early plummet.
If you're not shorting RCL and the rest of these cruise lines when they're about to bounce off MA, I don't know what to tell you.
To all the bulls that gave bears shit today...

...this is your reward.
Made 50% off my Camping World Puts. Nice. That will pay for some camping gear.
AMC and GUSH calls in my portfolio. I love the slow bleed into the sweet embrace of poverty.
[deleted]
That dude who put his Brazzers account in here def works for Brazzers
Shrek has entered the chat
[deleted]
Brb gonna start delivering food to startups
This afternoon until close could get really ugly.
Lmaoooo
MSFT & $200. Name a better duo.
Just an fyi there has never been more NIO talk on this sub and I can assure you thats never a good thing for any stock.
Burn spy burn!!
Fuck me, whale alert
Not like there was anyone in here saying bulls fukt amiright
Volatility 🚀
AMC or AMCX?
If only I had $7 in 1996.
I think it’s working!
Smart and being a good trader don’t go hand in hand sir
..... He’s absolutely right
VIX is already so high. We had riots all through the summer & market didn’t care. I bet we see VIX fade. Everyone is expecting unrest, more covid & future lockdowns. Most likely nothing will be as bad as predicted.
That's what he said
Yeah this isn't 100% a positive though. With a better marketing team i feel like they could have ridden the IPO hype way more effectively instead of it just being a meme for a little.
will be a lot lower later.
We crashing!
Lol 280? Are you fucking stupid?
Those have got to be worthless right?
god i hate NFLX, down 11% on my shares, and dying to get rid of this shit...

pure options play
[deleted]
squeezing on VXX. could pop
Pretty sure Brokeragelink never lets you buy individual stocks.
nothing like losing 10s of thousands of your hard earned money
Not to brag, but being a 🌈🐻 might be for me. I just made $6.00 off of the economy taking a shit.

&#x200B;

/s
I have SPY puts and VXX calls

This feels too early. Kang is coming for us.
You're so smart, tell us...
The safe haven.
Its just more information than you had before. See what direction market takes now
Whales dropped the bags! Thanks bulltards for participating!
Easy. Go out and get COVID.
[deleted]
lmao im gay but aint no way
Didn't I say this whole sector was manipulated, I'm basically even on all my puts now, look at that fakeout on CWH
PowerWheels don't count bro...
Yup definitely should have gotten out earlier/stayed out
Yea it’s called CSL, college star league or something. Bunch of schools do it. Also play in an Intermediate team on ESEA.
Um.... actually Tech is overvalued buddy!

https://ibb.co/nwK0WTm


or

https://ibb.co/MDkJqhG
Just got out of my last put credit spread on amzn.  I got some AMC FDs, but otherwise all cash now.  See ya'll bitches on Wednesday.
Fuck CNN. I'm an autistic gypsy fortune teller and these are my fucking tarot cards.

Now go look at the market and TELL ME I'M WRONG.

ehh?...

EHH?

Fuck you.
TQQQ on sale.
Any reason for puts on amazon? All i see is upgrades for the last 2weeks. 
Amazon is pricing the Biden’s presidency?
AMC bout to drop some surprising revenues for the quarter that they know will beat expected earnings. Only reason I can think that they’d offer more shares to raise cash right now.
Get yer cheap lotto tickets now boys!
We're green volatility bois!
MMS are letting us guys get out too. Nice of them before the rug pull
At this rate my children will be poor enough to have a good backstory for America’s got talent
Gme Gang stay strong. 💎 🤚
this early drill reminds me of Friday and i don't like it
[removed]
Oil will never recover. EV is the future. I have oil stocks only, not options.
Get your red dildos! Get them while they’re still hot!
But he a socialist lol
No
Wow
People SHOULD question vaccines, do you trust the pharmaceutical industry ?
both definitions please
can spy do that legal stuff it does and drop 15 dollars in 2 hours kthanx
In denial?
Jpow took the week off boiz, time to drain the swamp
Nice
yeah i fuckin wish
Yeah, but set it and forget it mentality is king. Being an active investor isn’t for everyone. While 2008 may have broken a lot of trust in the market for some Americans, most couldn’t tell you what their 401K is comprised of. They also don’t count for inflation, market’s clawing back large losses, and lost compound interest gains. 

Your every day American isn’t going to bounce on their 401K, for a ton of reasons. But yes, I agree.
Jesus AMZN. And to think if the market wasn't up so big to begin with, Amazon would be sucking even more shit.
Yeah, makes you wonder where AMZN would be if they hadn't blown away predictions
Fuck tech all in cheesecake factory
I’ve made money on my 0dte spy 329 puts, took my profit like a smarty🤓. What’s the next move fellas?
I had sooo many chances to buy calls instead of averaging down on puts.
😬😬😬
$7 in Apple in 1996 would be worth $37,000 today
The GME yolo guy has been holding for a year.
your TSLA yolo is not changing the world
Proof or ban.
The volume needs to be at least....3 times this size!
That’s what she said
You posted something similar with a HUGE buy on SPY last week at 329. It doesn't mean anything without more context, could just be a hedge
This shot crashing and you still holding your calls like an idiot
instability is the markets greatest enemy.  Spy was at 75 when obama became president and ending at like 230.  The idea that Dems are bad for markets has never really been true.  That last bad dem economy was carter.  

What are you talking about?
So I’ve rolled my 13x  $50c’s into 2x $45c’s. I averaged down as much as I could stomach but that 50 is way out of reach. Maybe we see mid 40’s by earnings and I’ll let them fly on the higher IV. For now man it’s getting tough to watch this thing hover in the high 30’s low 40’s everyday.
Twitter is less then snap, makes sense to me
SPY 312P 11/2 will make me a Lamborghini owner
I jumped into SNE calls on the TikTok news and lost $1k in 5 mins.  
  
I held off on buying FTCH calls and could have made up that difference.  
  
Here's hoping my SPY and QQQ puts rescue my from my retardation.
Everyone else is assuming there's going to be a big crash after the election- what if there isn't?
omg this sub is awesome. I have found my people.
officially have $40 in my RH account.. am I doing this right?
AAAAAAND the account is red for the 23rd day.
Kinda seems like a big MM covering buy
[deleted]
Biden’s been leading by 10% nationally for months
so after 3200 bounce buy puts and start test driving lambos?
AMZN puts have me car shopping mercedes instead of kias. 

Bless you Bezos.
If Trump loses, Twitter will become obsolete. May be it is pricing that scenario.
I’ll let you fuck my sister, if you bring the beers

She balls deep in AAPL, I’ll save you the tears

Now that I’m jealous from my sister getting fucked

I’m wishing I could go back, and knucked when I bucked
🤡🤡🤡
What is this, volume for ants?
All that campaigning just to get 40-pieced tomorrow lmao
Don’t knock your knicks, 1956
I do that a lot
what is your definition of bullish and extreme
Ditto. Didn't sell when spy hit 323 Fri and they were green. EOD will determine alot
someone make a buy order at $0.34 for the spy 0dte $303 put so I can get rid of it.
Asian family forces you to overeat. "Why you so fat?"
people will care depending what's announced. 

first line of ARM macs?
Please NASDAQ....crash harder.
You guys have home?
Truth be told, I don't know the technical proper name for it, but yeah it does sound kinda g.ay
[deleted]
slow melt up back to around 1 point on SPY starting now.  EOD will probably see a push to 1.5 points.  Not going to dump with the polls for biden that came in over the weekend and this morning.  contested election looking like 33% or so odds at best.
It’s crazy the rug pull isn’t harder amazon is down 2%
*starts screaming at spy 319*
it's real easy - there are only 4 possible options -

buy call, sell call, buy put, sell put

see?
Selling puts on HYLN looking pretty good to me
I didn't like money anyways
Does it?
All in spy puts, please drop
Tech sucks today. Value green asf
Just come back in a month, they'll all still be here.
[Calling the IWM top](https://imgur.com/a/68Ze9Uj)
My tablet that I use when I go in the shitter. Also, but most importantly, my pr0n tablet.
I’m so fucked
Tough crowd
This looks extremely bullish
[https://i.ibb.co/rtRvTnp/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/rtRvTnp/image.png)

QQQ lit pool share print just in

315,000 | $268.94 | $85,000,000
Are you retard
gonna ease into the meme covid stocks cuz why the fuck not?  if we are going into prolonged shit this will be the united states of amazon and what not
[deleted]
WRONG.
I think I could be okay, I’m slightly worried about IV & I’m not bankrupt yet but if this doesn’t work out I’ll probably have to stop.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/hugesavings don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is that what my comment says?
Well see about that
"Sane investing"

We don't do that here, Mr. Cramer.
Apple really thinks it can save a sell off by making a stupid ass announcement no one cares about
This isn't a good analogy. IV could go up after the election if there's no clear winner. That doesn't really happen with an earnings report - it would be more like if a company decided to delay their earnings call at the last minute.
That happened to me in July. So hard to ditch losers after getting burned when they rip.
This is so ridiculous. The point of any device is to use it not protect it to infinity.
Why do you still have the plastic on this piece of shit?
PFE ?
r/ropes
Good news, boys. I, somehow, have paid my mortgage yet again.
Fuck me
This things a beast
Need to save this thread and look back at it in like a month and see all of these stupid comments lmao
Now it's value dying
lmfao
Lol I used the words scalping and addiction....you think Im buying anything other than weeklies?
Withdrew/transferred to TOS after the PDT violation from RH.
Dude how the fuck is snap still up this actually a scam
If i had millions to invest it certainly wouldn't be in options.  I'd just buy a shitload of land out west.  Easiest investment ever.
Its the loss porn from the credit swap he used to cop that Ferrari
Repeat the process with more digits and your YTD balance will multiply !
I bought those last week and felt extra retarded, not gonna lie, but I'm feeling nice right about now.
Up 10% for the day. This is when greed kicks in.
>!Oil is going down. Those are going to be heavy bags for a while at least and the theta is going to eat you all that time.!<
You guys ever buy put to hedge and then lose a fuck ton on the call and the put. I’m not talking about theta decay, I’m talking about the underlying going up and down respectively.
This 😂😂😂
You could also get hit or not get hit by a meteor today
Just so you retards know.. Edge devices such as fridges and coffee pots very often arent secure. **DO NOT ENTER ACCOUNT INFORMATION ON THESE DEVICES**
CANCEL ALL ORDERS!!!
Similar to casinos, WSB doesn't need a marketing budget. Whether people win or lose, whether people tell others about their free dumb money or get butthurt by their own stupidity and not tell anyone else out of embarrassment, the house makes money. The house always makes more money than your stupid ass
It's November
Laptop too?
Your mom
Apple won’t drop 108, Idk how many more puts I can add
May be blackrock will double downgrade USA equities after the election.
VIX under center, takes the snap and on playaction he'll look left, he pumps once, and fires it to the right towards SPY and this offense is now in the red zone! Michael VIX really heating up on this drive!
I was 37% down and now I’m only 21% down hell yeah!
Always crying about how high taxes are. Gtfoh
Spy puts barely moving from these drops..... I need -1% EOD
I have calls for APA and MRO that expire in April 21. I’m also down but today helped.
not if it's contested.
Better feeling than ditching it and watching it go back up
Ain’t gonna take me a whole year to save 12k you fucking clown
IV crush on FB puts killing my vibe rn
i come here for comments like this that keep me grounded.

"i guess 2xxx isnt as bad as 15xxx" 

::smiling but crying emoji::
Fair enough. But they're up 10x on the year already. Why weren't people this bullish on the stocks pre covid? I hate j pow. I hate QE. I want fundamentals to matter because they have for every decade except this last one.
Sorry guys. Should have told you before my moves hit the news.
 https://www.barrons.com/articles/fund-sold-apple-stock-intel-bought-nio-zoom-video-51604003963?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo
STOP RESISTING
Doubt it, and I have a 280p
~225 EOD
I was looking at the 2000 crash last night & I think a lot of traders forget how long a market can go down for. 

Even buying SPY. If you bought any time in 2000 you basically held until 2008 to break even - & then the market tanked again. You would then have to hold through to 2013 to get back. So brutal! 

No wonder it took this long to convince retail traders to get back into the market. DCAing down for 2 years would have been painful.
Anytime man. Good luck!
the fact my 322p expiring today isn’t completely  worthless has to mean something
Fuck, prob coulda held my puts longer but I’ll secure the 1k for the day.
[Called the top](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmkz1s/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_02_2020/gawypns?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3), just two minutes off
January
Why the fuck isnt Apple tanking further damn
Bulls like ‘this is just a trust fall buy the dip’

*cross arms close eyes and fall backwards into abyss*
I don't feel so bad now, let's ride.
I’d just like to thank the bulls for the put discounts at the open.
Hilarious.
vxx calls baby
VIX is already pretty high. Would take a serious leg down for it to break out above 40.
The best thing I can say about my performance the last few weeks is I've correctly ditched losers before they got worse. Not much winning going on.
Lost $100 today and then deposited $100, just going to tell myself my account hasn't changed at all.
Lost 15k cause u sold to early?
Buy the CLX DIP
You won’t
Wallstreet is backing Biden.
Spy bb go red u know u wanna king
Confirmed
SPY is still green and VIX is less red than SPY is green

that's a good sign for bears
[deleted]
Just hold them for weeks
😂😂. I forgot to check that option.
[deleted]
Calls on volatility doing me goooood
20 years later...
Who cares it’s the end of the world tomorrow
At the money SPY calls expiring in a couple hours still cost $1. Insane. These used to be like 20-30 cents.
https://imgur.com/a/UbRB9O9 found this bad boy at goodwill
[removed]
When would this stop😩
[deleted]
Here goes VIX
I’ve been debating that myself. I don’t think this happens. NKLA doesn’t have a single upside that’s makes sense for GM
You’re philosophizing the stock market? Oh man. You’re probably a fake bull chasing tops and a dumb bear shorting rallies.
soon
its tech..
Shares or options
Oh okay thank you!
RKT
If Nikola wants to pay GM to engineer and build trucks for them, I'm sure they'd take the money
Lollllll scalpin AMZN puts is an addiction I just always beat myself up for selling too early
TQQQ to $96 please
[deleted]
11 pro max
Ahhh there we go
Second retard to spell guaranteed wrong on this sub
OIL OIL
Bears r so fuk
Lost 15k cause I sold early. I’m seriously contemplating longing $rope
We bottomed for the day. Now up we go from here.
It wants to go red so bad
I hope bulls rip corded this morning on the fake & gay pump
JIAN YANG
what a great post here on wallstreetbets you are a shining member of the community thank you for the content
Depends on their exposure. Volatility and indices particularly yes, other ones you should be okay.
Amazon/Apple single handedly is causing the next market crush to big to pump. Buy puts!
If spy closes red today I will absolutely cream
Spy 280p gonna pay off this week
Taking a bunch of THC oil to time travel to Wednesday morning when I know if I’m fucked or not.
[deleted]
Tim Apple just announced new chip/Mac event on 11/10 and aapl barely moved. retarded market swapped the new apple chips like a fly on the wall...
Sorry to hear that friend, hopefully things start to look up
Twas the night before election and all through the world

Not a boy was jerking to the thot of a girl

For it is no nut november and civil war nears

No time for fapping with apocalypse fears
I dont even question it anymore, its just free money puts now
lol
GME is a penny stock.
The real retards are the ones who figure it out.
These puts are printing, but why is it tanking? Lmfao
Now snap it back
Acb here
And there is no longer any such thing as debtor's prison, so what are they gonna do, take our homes and throw us out on the street? We don't own any goddamn homes, we live in our parents' basements.
Pretty sure its unstable. Could come right back down sub 10, unlikely it goes over 20 soon.
i bought a lot of shares
Good thing you left the plastic on the fridge. It’s in nice condition for resale since you’ve seemingly lost all your money on Robinhood
I have acquired puts.
FUCKING DIE TWITTER
BA is the girl who will only ever let you get to second base and then yeet the fuck out leaving you with a hand full of titty residue and the bluest of balls  
  
.
[deleted]
I wonder who will be left holding the bag when it blows.
Political polarization will be the demise of this country. Regardless of who wins, it won’t end there. The extremism that we see on both sides will continue.
So basically all options I’ll lose the majority of they’re value
SNAP is ass.
so basically you're  saying he's  golden right now
Also 120% IV, I’m not sure how to play this, earnings will prob kill the IV, and election might possibly help that too idk. Luckily the shares are cheap so just stocks can still make a good return
Maybe cause you a slow thinker bro
We accept him! We accept him! One of us! One of us!
r/micropics
Neither side is legalizing any time soon.  Not even Biden has promised legalization.  Best case is rescheduling and access to banking and uplisting.  

Disclaimer: Am all in on MSOs long.
Cash gang, mufuckin cash gang bitcj
SPY premiums for 11/4 are so goddamn juicy. I can’t resist...
Instructions unclear, just bought 200 gallons of salsa
[deleted]
How can amazon just keep paying puts 

It’s like theta gang on amazon is just fucking idiots
this is ironical  .... it's the boomer stocks that are keeping SPY alive
Quit with the foreplay SPY. You know what you came here to do, and that’s go down. 127. Cmon.
Not political but the market has gone down every single time a democrat has won the presidency since 1992 if I’m not mistaken
Trump is just gonna flood cash into the market for a temp boost. Then it will go right back down if not worse.
Hold stocks. Sell calls.
ha it is to laugh.....
My only concern is VIX is barely up
I'm still trying to understand why. I'm happy, but not understand the size and the speed of the move has me spooked.
If it werent for election and Corona nad Shit yea but Well probably get the retracement anyways, i still Made Profits with the long
Bull run into elections
ATH by next week
Maybe....I'd wait til it shows some signs of life though, shit is like inverse NIO, just drops like a rock everyday when you really think it should consolidate for a bit.
[deleted]
BA will do the only thing it knows how to.... betray you
Took a bunch of FSR profits, is it gonna keep mooning or is this unsustainable hype movement?
I do what I want
i read this in a xbox live support voice
it’s a fake pump after fake pump. If you keep falling for it you’re an idiot
If it's near $328 then I'm going to contest it.
Chances GM goes through with the whole NKLA deal?
Lol imagine being the party voting to tax the fuck out of the rich then calling them broke at the same time 🤡
Okay, i can live with that
Oh shit it's 1pm.

The wall street bros are back from Chipotle and they snorted adderall in the bathroom.

Hold your dicks
I filed for bankruptcy 10 years ago and I’ve never not had a late model car or a solid roof over my head
Patience.. it should be sub 100
Marhaba Isphaghol bottle spotted, Asian retard confirmed ?!?
#  Premium is too high imo
[deleted]
Not sure the exact point you are making, but I think you are pointing out that we are all swayed by adds whether we know it or not.

I very much agree with that sentiment. I have been on a social media, and digital content cleanse for a few weeks and that was part of what spurred this thought process. It has done a lot to change my perspective of the current market and how I interact with the companies I do and do not support.
i trade TSLA on a TSLA
[deleted]
Two main reasons:

1. Hyliion isn't the only CNG/RNG power train, true. But, whatever they've developed far surpasses whatever else is on the market performance wise. See the Wegman post I linked to for proof. It's not that RNG engines don't exist, but rather, they don't exist with enough power to pull a big semi loaded to the brim...until now

2. Software. Similar to how Tesla operates, trucks transmit data back to HQ on how the power train is operating, where the truck is consuming energy from, etc etc so they're able to optimize. I think Healy discussed this on the most recent JMac Investing interview, I am a bit too lazy to dig it up but tl;dr they are basically a software company as well, just catered to big trucks not consumer vehicles.
ICLN call, looking to ride a small wave up and sell before election result
I hope the mods break the handle of the banhammer on you for this post
No, only Orange Man can do it on twitter.
Possibly, but could be some news coming..
Yeah man not like the past 2 months or anything
No, the other guy still calls the shots for another 2 months
Guess i have not really lived yet .... but i wanna learn options baaad
buy the dip
Lot depends on if Trump acknowledges and accepts the outcome.  If he fights it or plays the poll fraud and manipulation card, get ready for a red winter.
FB 300 EOY
lower highs lower lows

you love to see it
My puts closed out at the end of the day Friday and where paid out.
Chasing money is 100% American
The Ice Machine
Daily reminder that any options you hold through the election will likely see a significant drop in premium akin to holding through earnings. If you aren't confident in direction, gambling will be twice as expensive.
Yeah really curious how they are going to do after being beat up for the last week or so. Sq could see a nice bump as well
Or the TSLA infinity squeeze
I had a manic episode due to my psych having limited availability and lost my entire life savings ($20k). It happened just as my mom got diagnosed stage 3 cancer and my dad got diagnosed with Parkinsonism and brain degeneration, 2020 sucks fucking ass.
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/stockpredictor the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
its now htzhq and gonna be going to the moon in 21...back to the 50s anyway
the fact that I find this practical is alarming
Hell yeah GME, roll with the punches. Duck dodge and weave
Ok fine. Only sell *Half*
lose money
Calls, thank me later
Indeed
Austrian > Keynesian
Clear orange victory will cause the largest run in spy imo
Heck no sub 300
BA - do sumthibg
Lmao KR is the flattest stock in existence. Theta gang is the only way to play KR.
Buybacks.
$4c 11/20
It's just algos bro

The trend seems to be down for the moment
I think the sell off is coming to a close, we should see a slow rise for the rest of the week. Hoping to sell mine by tomorrow or Wednesday morning. Godspeed autist
are casters the new e thots ?
Thanks
Same https://reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/_/gavt3x4/?context=1
"xle calls r dumb", u said. "xle? u r fuk!" , u said. lick my ball now
3.50 for 11/6. cost me a whopping $2.
Yup I'm convinced it still will. Trust the plan, trade the plan. You'll see my gainporn next month. Currently down 14k
Ppl who have millions at their disposal and don’t know how options work never truly lived
Trump supporters are the rich people
Vix move bitch. why I always bet on the slowest horse
Bullish if true
Calls on GPS as it becomes the focal point of the American economy. Duh
VXX isnt moving at all rn, kinda weird
Can you at least tell me?
(that's the joke)
uvxy is way better than vxx anyways.
APHA is rocketing today. Get into the weed value plays before the election 

Either side will legalize it cuz they need the tax dollars. And repubs can rationalize it like cigarette taxes
At best spy is holding 327 by close. No way does it drop below 329, regain and then hold for rest of the day. Second leg down incoming
It’ll be like SPY and VIX derivative earnings are tomorrow AH
It's their colors
At least the fridge has a 10 year lifespan, unlike your options
If B\*den wins bigly will we see SPY 340 by Wednesday?
The entire plot of 2020 is work from home
Slide the roll onto his bayonet and give him a Pepsi.  You'll be fine
why did it run up too high to begin with?
Anyone but Biden
3.50 for 11/6
so CNBC hust makes up a rolling scrnario predicting 5 minutes ago to be the future trend,   hour after hour.
?
not bragging, just fax.
Yup. Analysts keep talking about tech being overvalued & the transition out of growth & into value stocks. 

Probably just trying to unload their WFC bags
[deleted]
[deleted]
Every spy dump is getting bought so fast. What’s the move for 0tde spy?
Remember, don’t hold puts overnight bear boys.  The ride down was last week.
Good luck. I was not comfortable holding 7K worth contracts expiring on 4th.
[deleted]
Pro Max but it was a shitty/quick photo
[deleted]
Just got a call from drill team six, they’re taking the day off
nah we're just stupid. I got calls on amc, nok, pfe.
Who the fuck came up with that retarded Iron Condor name. Sounds like something WSB would come up with - a retarded pokemon name for a trapezoid looking chart geometry. Like seriously, how can a Condor fly if it's made of Iron.
5C lottos at least 3 weeks out
Facts^ I’m holding 35c 11/20 fingers crossed for a moon landing
And this will be a beautiful death jumping out the windowwwwwww
You have some of those words right
We've entered a Ron Swanson market
You pump and dumpers usually buy an aged Reddit account you guys aren’t even trying anymore.
No. They’re too retarded to download Robinhood.
Sorry I’m dumb but isn’t SVXY inverse of VXX? Meaning you’re betting on stonks going up?
If SPY closes under $328 today that marks a net negative over the last three months. 

In the last 100 years a president has not been re-elected if the market has declined in the three months leading up to Election Day.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** CROOKED IF TRUE: Elon Musk may be bent

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmrn2t
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmrn2t) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Proud_Idiot, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
TheStankWizard
wsbyolo666
Jack-Skinne
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Can someone explain to me how badly IV will be effected by the election
Hahaha.
WSB isn't the place to brag.
NVDA company color is green, AMD company color is red. Personal DD
literally me on this sub
Fuck that, dont sell shit
[deleted]
put or call?
Weed and NIO have saved my portfolio, VXX up next
we’re all retarded buddy
will be nice not having to worry about a flash crash every day
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Reunited                    ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bu3OQFCsKXQ) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bu3OQFCsKXQ)⠀►►⠀ 3:50 / 5:46 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
Imagine selling your $40 11/20 puts this am to buy NOI weeklies
Yes I’m sure a 2T cap company is ‘desperate’.
Nobody tell him
New product event announced for Nov 10
Savage
At this moment, it's obviously a bull trap
Imagine betting against Chinese production capability
GDX has outperformed the QQQ and SPY this year and SLV has outperformed SPY this year as well.
[deleted]
Free money
Theta gang wins the election? Wow who could’ve guessed
[deleted]
Back in puts. Alexa play Reunited by Peaches and Herb
[deleted]
Lmao remember last week when bulls said that AMZN sub 3100 would be oversold and it would bounce
Bear for now
Dude I had snap puts for 2 weeks already. And 90% of the time they just pissed me off
After the 100th time I think I timed the bottom perfectly
Shares.
Since Blackrock is basically an arm of the US government, is this technically a declaration of war?
Look on the bright side my dude. You no longer have to worry about a women or managing money. You now have freedom which is the most valuable thing there is.
AMC the play bois let’s do it
Had to sell off some of my 0DTE expy to break even due to responsible risk mitigation and I know I’ll miss out out a few grand now.
Buy more
Time to start a hedge fund.
good bot
Whats your lotto ticket?
This bitch was ready to file for bankruptcy
If there's civil unrest svxy is going to moon.
Apple sent invites to journalists saying they had “One More Thing”. Most likely announcing the MacBooks with their new in-house chip.
Good luck homie. Maybe make some changes.
They usually do after a day like today.
That’s why you never use market orders
[removed]
I had to tripledown last week on DGX (Quest Diagnostics) but finally in the green today (like +25% on all calls).

RONA ROUND 2, LET THE TESTING FLOW!!!
Spoken like a guy who doesn't want to give up the source of all his success: inversing WSB
Lol
SELL *EVERYTHING*
What if Kanye won?
328.60 then blammo
Told you retards
[Stonklabs](www.stonklabs.xyz) has the option flow which would help you guys determine market direction
buy long term... my march 2021 calls bought in July did me real good
Really. You aren’t going to sell? Ok
lol downgraded Europoors entire stonk store

***Blackrock (BLK) downgrades European Equities to neutral on surging COVID cases and renewed restrictions; also downgrades Japan equities to underweight***
[removed]
nice whats ur position
TBH I had this whole post planned with bold and shit but I got real lazy.
Pussy buy the VIX
"SPY crashing"  as it's still up 75 bps. I'm a bear but cmon man, we need that 322 territory again
[removed]
US session so weak. Murica literally hates money
Why does AMD like red so much
Wawaweewa I am a bear I am a bear
Here we go
PFE data coming sooooon
Hypothetically, if you keep buying calls you’ll eventually break even when the stock rebounds? I usually do this like a mad man & it pays off
Dump**
WTF TWTR. What the actual fuck.
Imagine having 5 analysts upgrade TWTR and it drops from 41.50 to 39 -.-
Texas too busy committing  acts of terrorism.
Come on VXX you can do it.
[deleted]
You should hop on UVXY calls as well. I have both
So THAT'S where the tendies go.
I think all of America will also realize they’ll be big sad as well now stfu an go to r/politics
Algooooos
How come the other 20 truck brands in the US are not their competitor? And then I maybe buy some hylln.
[deleted]
Now here's VIX on a designed quarterback run, cuts it inside and he's into the open field! Michael VIX with a nice gain to set up the bears offense in favorable territory!
Anyone holding calls over the next couple days brave AF
No, at least not yet
Buy puts
I’m only playing spy and snap this week bc who tf knows how the market will respond to PayPal earnings
Fucking hell way to go. While my dumb ass was betting on apple going down, you watched twitter jump outta an airplane without a parachute. Nice puts!
No idea
I am trying to close as many positions as possible for $0 or preferably a small gain by close tomorrow. Last week fucked me as I was planning on closing then but would have taken significant losses. VXX put credit spread already printed for me. IV on VXX options is retarded high right now. When the volatility surrounding volatility is high I run; I am too inexperienced to see a good play right now. If I come out of November Net $0 from early October I will be happy. I will leave tendies on the table to avoid going full retard. 

I know, I know, ban for not following the way; get scared when others are greedy and greedy when others are scared; insert another stonk idiom here.
Nasdick red
[deleted]
Have you watched them the past few weeks? Definitely characteristic
Premiums are insane. Joining the Theta Gang for a few days in here.
I suppose it’s not doing too bad
I have  a lotto ticket, yes. Knowing this market, AMC will be $40 by EOD tomorrow.
Place your bets! Place your bets!
What announcement
[removed]
Slow bleed for now and everyone will soon start to notice and be pressured to sell and that’s when spy will tank quickly
Girlfriend walked out on me, my portfolio is in shambles...what a fucking time to be alive
In the short term, possibly, but you have a novel trading environment. Oversold won’t come home to roost until stability is restored. However, tech has also been over valued consistently for awhile. They’ve padded in a lot of room to fall, especially any tech that posts actual revenue and not negative EPS.
EOD pump scheduled at 3:50 pm.
Basically yeah it won't mean shit in the end.
So is SPY just gonna try to find resistance at each whole dollar on the way down?
Haven't you learned by now
Yeah I can’t decide what would be best in the “America goes to shit” scenario, VXX calls or SPY/QQQ puts.
ATHX is the future of medicine. Won't hold your hand through this, but the DD is out there if you feel like digging. Huge payoff coming between now and June 2021. More payoff to come for years to come. GL
Ok bought more
Anyone interested in dfw getting an office to day trade and share ideas?
This is so unamerican
Worried that it will touch one of my strikes, in this case I’d be worried the market takes a shit and hits the bull spread.
Lol I see that -100%
Me this week after joining  cash gang:


Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice

Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
yeah if the screenshot is indicating anything, the person who took it is highlighting the 10k call contracts for 33.97 for some reason. Possibly because it's a good one to take.

EDIT - It makes sense that this person would do this, because the strike price dropped and NIO is a very bullish stock. It's most likely a good play based on NIOs uptrend
[deleted]
my theta pp got very hard to this thought
"Just like Giannis I can't handle the Heat"
Metals are hanging on..even progressing upwards
still a glimmer of hope out there of a smooth election

once that's out of the way drill team 6 will show you what it's capable of
Guess they could just scapegoat Joel Kaplan and call it a day.
Pump attempt

***Atlanta Fed GDPNow (Q4): 3.3% (prev. 2.2%)***
Fuck I wanna buy BABA but the IV is so high
Acb popping this morning too
I'm going to cry from happiness
Bought aapl before the announcement without even knowing there’d be one. I’m down 10%.
Sir, I am retarded.
Weed is back on the table!
If the election results are contested by either side it will not be good. Trump has said he already will if Biden wins. This not good for a democracy and how civil wars start. I doubt that would be great for the market.
SELL SELL SELL
President Jerome Hayden Powell is expected to win in a landfall. 

 Win with JHP
Hahahahaha Did u give urself that flair? Or did a mod assign it?
tomorrow
AMZN and AAPL down bigly in Green Day like this is uncharacteristic
You going to exercise?
I think big boom them big down boom much later
Sure they do, if their party also controls congress and the president pressures them to start passing federal gun control laws that effect how hard it is to buy a gun in every state. Or by simply not vetoing any gun control law that congress might come up with on their own. 

So I have to ask... What's the logic behind your statement? Did you forget that federal laws exist? Do you think that state laws supercede federal laws?
anyone playing AMC?
SPY protected by boomers
$5.01

+$24 000

-100.02%


Yup checks out.. totally belongs on this sub
I’m singlehandedly manipulating CRON 11/6 7.5 c

I am the whale now
100% I'm with you.
☝☝☝☝☝☝☝☝☝☝☝
not a complete read either. 

As a consumer (we all are) one has power by steering choices in our best interest.

You might think you already do. And then you are around advertisements. And you still think you follow your best own interest. Ad industry spends allot of money. Not because they are stupid. Reducing the amount of advertisements in your life is very helpful. And doable.
solar and wind are cheaper then oil and gas already. long term would be a smart move but I'm retarded so what do I know about smart moves.
[deleted]
Market goes up, I'm down 2%. Market decides to go down, I'm now down 4%. Aint no fucking winning today.
Ice maker issues seem to be common across all Samsung models. I have a different model, but my icemaker stopped working after 8mos. I've had it for 2 years now and had to get it serviced twice for icemaker issues. Hope you have a good warranty!
Drill drill drill amazon take us 🐻to the tendy promised land
Eh slow bleeds can be better, less chance for a bounce
[removed]
I'm not buying calls. I am buying stocks. It did pull back from the split. From $137 to $108.
Who’s playing fintech this week?
SELL OR HOLD AMAZON???? HELP!!!!
Nice
big oof
The future is always unpredictable no doubt. NIO is luxury EV is what I was trynna say. Look up that NIO lifestyle is absolutely insane. I drive a Toyota lol but they may not sell the most cars like Toyota a year they just need to take up a good majority of the luxury EV sector in China. It’s almost like how Ferrari doesn’t need to sell 1,000,000 cars they just need to maintain a high quality car and take up the majority share in high quality cars. It’s a risk no doubt but the reward is to high to miss out on
Tape ur assholes shut because some drilling is about to happen
So hard to focus on my actual job when I could be having fun in the real world by refreshing my Yahoo Finance App compulsively... 

the fucking grind man 🤷🏿‍♂️ .
[deleted]
[removed]
Oh we definitely are the idiots
This sucks, because I forgot WSB is about inversing, so of course when I want them to downvote me, they upvote me.. 

Well, there is WSB finest.
Yes, only meme stonks tho
The only smart EOD play is to close most of your shit.

I have absolutely no idea wtf is gonna happen to the market tomorrow, and any of you claiming you do are fucking lyin
r/ofcoursethatsathing
don't think it's priced in yet, make some plays!
Apple could realistically be at 70-80 in a few months and it would be a fair valuation. The company is barely growing and has modest earnings yield.
no correlation anymore...start panicking
Apple at 108 infuriates me 

Please go to 105
I'm looking at the vix & is it my imagination or is tech looking oversold?
smells of desperation.
Jessie, is that you?
FB 260 is lava
Saw an ig captions that said "Just like Giannis I play for them Bucks"
Any event that has spiked IV and then subsequently fails to make the magnitude of move priced for can cause IV crush.
Definitely a dump. Just get puts for once.
While I tend to agree, and try to do so myself, you are in the wrong place for that shit!
Holding until at least tomorrow, I think we’re about to see a big dump at eod
I love Fubo
You wifes computer mostly
narrator: he isn't
Is this the pro or the pro max?
I like this post because I am a bagholder
Ur a poet
Fuck I have so much work to do but can’t focus. Fuck
You know I should go cash gang more often. This is beautiful
I bought at the top too, but manage to averaged down and sell for a profit. Thinking of going back in though.
I'm not asking for much, just a 3 percent down day... 📉📉📉
I have absolutely no idea what the fuck is gonna happen tomorrow.

I'm gonna close like 90% of my shit at close
yup, also got SQQQ calls
On stock twits its the exact opposite.. bias retards everywhere
Nobody rioting tomorrow dude- that’s all in a Y2K peyote dream
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   32.0|2.86|2.93|2.87|0.9|103.542%

**Unusual option activity detected on the NIO 32.0 contract(s).**

^Source:barchart.com

NIO 32.0C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gax1jzx&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Mm just buying SNAP to cover the puts they sold. Just disgusting
[deleted]
Upvoting your comment. take that.
About 33%
Tim Apple can't keep getting away with this
People are selling out of AAPL in order to buy more NIO.  Duh.
AAPL event on the 10th. Hopefully a pump
It’s going to 2900 at least
Let know what you think
spreading its wings
I got NIO $32c expiring 11/13. I fully expect NIO to hit 40 eow.
20 Nov?  Hmmm ... that's about the time when Mango is challenging his "stolen win" in the Supreme Court.
Albemarle is the safest. Also like Livent.    

The world is def. gonna have a voracious appetite for lithium.  No where near enough is currently produced to feed the projections of all of these rosy outlooks that claim will happen wrt EV adoption.

No idea about buying as a commodity.
And DRI
Theta gang
Legit. Market moons on democracy day and then gets murdered the day after as it all starts to burn down
[deleted]
If by funny you mean amazing, then yes
$2.5C 11/6 because I hate money
Ok fine, alcohol hangover
So this is what they mean by smart devices.
We refuse to go full drill
The wrinkles keep the dust clear
nice to know, that would mean I'd have enough to do this, but I don't think Schwab allows this. Sounds one of the brokerages with portfolio margin?
[deleted]
Because Biden will decriminalize weed? Dudes old as shit and hates lazy stoners. Not to mention his VP is Kamala “prosecute marijuana smokers” Harris. Seriously what makes you think Biden winning benefits weed stocks?
Can it be tomorrow already? Can't wait for this bullshit to be over
Im a raging bull but today im a big gaping bear.
Bears delusional
Why cash gang when you cam buy stonks?
You also say your ta indicates a new high is coming.
Lockdowns better buy up casinos and Boeing

Those are definitely lockdown friendly stocks
U got an etf that follow it?
I forgot I had placed a bunch of 40$ TWTR limit buys fuck knows how long ago and woke up this morning a proud TWTR owner.
markets dont like uncertainty
Anyone else getting UVXY/VXX calls in case the election goes to shit and there’s civil unrest?
The things that print the scratchy lotteries ?
[deleted]
spy puts are the way
Get in line you ain't special
I mean long term we’re going down. Maybe the election causes a squeeze up short term.

I was just talking on the daily moves
Go metal gang before it’s too late
11K again..
They’ll have their time
Pomp eeeetttt
aapl is holding 108 like glue. just drop below it already ffs
Peak autism inspired by HowToBasic
sell pressure ramping up fast
going red on election day is fucking un american.

TAKE IT TO THE MOON TOMORROW.
The trick was to open the market green so trump wouldn’t worry and make him not plan ahead and then dump it now and tomorrow so he spends his time figuring out why and not campaigning properly. Donald if you’re reading this don’t fall for it
Trade on your fridge, best yolo trades ever!!  Just yolo a superbowl bet on the Buccaneers or something.
Wawaweeewa
$3c for amc! hopefully it prints
His covid plan is pathetic not to say trumps is better
Lol well in that case do the opposite of what you have been doing
Fuck Jeff Bezos upvote party 👍
Here comes NIO daily afternoon pump
Chapter 11 and bankruptcy, with no real movement to make options worth
[deleted]
A little coke or alotta coke?
The ice maker in this thing is the biggest piece of shit in history. Thing is slightly slanted back to front so the fills up full of ice and overflows the front before hitting the turn-off switch. Total jackass design.
Yep and I’m down 50% of my portfolio because of it
Bulls bigly fuk tomorrow
DrillKings red again, lol
Here we go again... another Apple event.
Yeah man, still no internet at the office after Hurricane Zeta so I'm here at home reading WSB and watching my account tank
SNAP is social media
Just took in 2k profit off that swing down. I'll take them gainz. Still have longer term putz in the works for a no declared winner after Tuesday
Thanks u got an etf that follow that?
Slot machines that control the stonks
Ok guys, we are dropping.
pretty sure the FED starts buying SPY directly before they allow this to happen
Never doubted you once SPY, die you piece of sht. Doubled on my puts today FK YEA MURICA.
[deleted]
Next week, maybe. This is the beginning of the end.
Just turn your phone off bro...
SNAP is a complete joke
Michael VIX has been knocked down several times on this drive but he just keeps shaking it off, here's the first down throw and HE'S GOT SPY ON THE SIDELINE for 7 yards and the clock will stop as he ran out of bounds
Sike sike rn 🔫
Anybody got a coupon code for SPY calls?
Both
[deleted]
It should bounce hard of 0 though
This is news to me too
Lol it’s my FD account I’m good just stupid yolo’s
RIP to anyone who bought at the open
ZM far worse I'd say. I also baghold TSLA at 480.
tf is VIX doing
Amzn and aapl are both lower then their three months ago. Oof
[deleted]
We all 🐻 at heart.
I better be reading about a VIX touchdown here in a minute damnit
If the 320 trapdoor opens, yup
Been playing for so long lol, play for my college currently, fun stuff
Thoughts on Amazon? Hold or sell?
Massive dump at the end of the day. Get your money out.
naw. Just don't think the risk/reward is adequate for the position I had. There's a difference. Will probably make another play later
1900 to 900 in 2 months AMA
Naadiq free fall
I fucking love how you got a flair for this :D
Not sure if to yolo PayPal for earnings today or just turn my phone off
[deleted]
What’s the play on AMC?
I don't have any Puts.
I'm a fool then


I'd say 95 is a fair price target for apple outside of this bizzarro BUY THE DIP market. I'll buy there.
This
He'd be up more if he sold this morning
[deleted]
How do I become a loan officer?  I'm fresh out of a job and looking to pivot, maybe this could be an option.  I'm gonna google while waiting for your reply!
DIE! DIE! DIE!
What’s diff between leap and call?
-100.02%... you’re def a fucking autist.
330 is its home for now
Tech down SNAP up.

I mean come on
why is tech dumping?
Having a good day at work?
What in the fuck was this video
Lumber Liquidators and NIO are the only safe havens rn.
Hold strong friend, they’ll print just wait
Now this is Podracing!!
Biden said he will crush the virus, but why then are airline stocks not mooning?🤔
Buy puts. Got it
what the fuck is this r/csgo

nobody cares
Not holding, but figured some autist is around here
Wtf dude tomorrow is Election Day ??!!?!!?!!?!!
SLV 🚀
💎 🖐 🤚 

🐻 🐼 🐨
i knew i should’ve bought calls on lumber liquidators smh
calls or shares? I'd say ZM, it has nothing after the pandemic
Trust me I have lost a ton of money on weeklies. They’re tempting because they’re cheap. But just like far OTM plays, they almost never work. Yoloing your entire account is a quick way to blow it up. But most people fall victim to the slow bleed. They keep buying weeklies because they’re cheap, then deposit another small amount and repeat. Before they know it they’re down 20k. If you still want to play around with lotto tickets (because they can be fun) just make a rule to not spend x % on them. Hell even better, open up another brokerage account. You’ll soon see that account at zero and realize you’re just lighting money on fire. Cheaper options, spreads, no weeklies, occasional lotto for extra fun. Take it from someone who learned the hard way.
This is how its been for weeks now bro
VIX starting to look really good to me
Interesting that GME is unaffected by this and is holding well.
So then you don't think that
🤔
Yea tasty, It scared tf outta me I was about to take my positions off rofl.. Either a bug or foreshadowing?
Fuck where’s the VIX spike?
Hopefully people get out of their puts before it's too late
Just got done chatting with ToS support. Fuck you Chris_R
Its probably just the dirty gasoline they used to make it
Specially aapl that shit is such a boomer stock that warren has it😂😂
If you’re not buying AAPL here, you’re a fool
Hertz looks like a buy
I feel a lot better still have a way to go
Go use that $183 on some blow and a sorry hooker you need it retard
[deleted]
DRILL TEAM 6 REPORTING FOR DUTY
[deleted]
If AMZN goes any lower today I'm going to cum in my pants at work
BTFD
Honey = money. Obvious 👏
Bigly
I doubt whoever wins will successfully break up these big tech firms. Too much money paid to lobbyists and campaigns for it to ever pass
[deleted]
Who else is looking forward to 4 boring years after this shitshow?
[one more thing: iGarbagestock](https://i.imgur.com/Eem6i5A.jpg)
It’s gonna bounce back up.
SPY under 300 EOD
fuckin psychopath
This is a true Wallstreetbetter.
Sub 300 almost
Flair checks out
All I know is that Kanye said that lol.
Username checks out
[deleted]
So what happened to all htz stock holders now that it's htzgq and at $0.73 ?
Zm
Oh shit guis, I just realised its an election tomorrow!

SELL! FFS SELL!
Tsla is done bro
Spy crashing to zero
you bears should be fuk for saying this
Hahahaaaa bulls r so fuq
I buy my weed from the black market because it's cheaper,  but history has a funny way of repeating itself
What % of portfolio was that?
You have to call 150 times if you have calls at 150
Lol she'll find someone else if you go bust
Yeah that's cool but does it run Doom?
EVERYBOOOODYDDYDYDYYYYYY SELLLLLLLLLL NOOOOOOOOWWWWWW
$VXN
Ya VXN
This NIO 34 call for EOW is gonna make me rich right?
o_O
Wait is it good for tsla?
OP works in finance
Ever heard of puts?
LOL hit him with the "bucko", gah damn
Its down 5% today, tomorrow is election, if market tanks tomorrow don't you think it will be a better spot to get in on?
I’m in
Equipment?
2% gain on SPY puts. Am I warren buffet? Probably
Agreed. What do you think about Li?
Why the fuck is QQQ 1% diverged from SPY
Capitulation incoming
Undateables is the UK version, Love on the Spectrum is the far less cuntily-titled Australian version, which is an interesting inversion.
Well I went all in at $130 so you know I’m retarded
it was good to see him get up tho
Puts always puts
You guys think tomorrow will be bad?
I've always used and counted on my magic 8 Ball. I've used it since I got it when I was 12 years old for Christmas. It has never steered me wrong. Although most of the answers are ask again later when it comes to stock investing. I've even had it with a little answer triangle doesn't even pop up it just stays down in the liquid it won't give me any kind of answer. But I still count on it. I wonder how much I could get on eBay for an antique or vintage magic 8 Ball. I need the money and I might even still have the packaging it came in. F****** magic 8 Ball!
Pants getting tighter
Anyone short FB in case dems win and anti-trust lawsuit swoops in to break them up?
My account needs that to happen
There is an argument of guaranteed/low risk nature in selling a course VS actually having skin in the game

Ultimately they're making more money than most traders and/or business owners in their respective fields so maybe we're the idiots
This post gave me cancer
Time for WSB to show you what it is really about. 

Fellas, Downvote not only his post to negative 110, but Downvote my comment to negative 100..

This is what WSB is really about.
I member
But making these puts print baby!!!
And you expect me to read all of this when I can’t even read 1 page of a book without falling asleep yeah nice try retard
[deleted]
Is it ever helpful to question autists why they do the things they do?
Managed to sell some cover at the top hah
Wait FAANG are boomer stonks?

Always have been
Do nasdaq have a volatility index?
Edit-Thanks for the quick answer wsb
wow you don't say, thanks for this insight
only spac in existence with no shitty founders shares
Nothing is happening.
328 soon
Lmao isnt this a quote from (spoilers)>!the Boys?!<
Unusual whales had an alert for $39c 11/6 🤔
English motherfucker, do you speak it
[deleted]
Maybe they want to stop the dump lol

***NYSE halting many stocks amid an equipment changeover***
Lol you saying this tells us you know they're not fine.
You sound more like a real stock market trader man if you say gape fill instead of gap fill.
JCI is another one very similar. They're like P&G. They'll truck through anything and will slowly march diagonally up as long as society lasts
VXX peeking
sport(s)? I only see nfl, ya dingus, and no one from players to Goodell gives a hooty hoot
[deleted]
SPY dumping to unprecedented levels not seen since 10AM.
Time to kang back up
Another red day and I keep buying. Short-minded investors is why they missed out on Apple at $212 and Microsoft at $135 back in March. I am still buying at today's prices.
Does this cocaine kinda smell funny to anyone else?
That shit had me dying when I heard it live
Fudge
Cool flair
Microsoft getting awfully close to 200 support and spy is getting close to 290
*salutes*
Hey was there any previous election where the sitting president tell new york and california to go to hell? ok then.
come on, i told u guys to buy puts long before market opened
Don’t forget Costco and Albertsons as well. Great DD here.
No way haha
Was it tasty? Had to be a bug saw the same thing
I know , failed attempt at humor
This is bad
What's worse. Bagholding ZM from $580 or Tsla at $490?
Market is draining the swamp as we speeek
There won’t be because too many people hate both sides
What are best lithium stocks? And is there a way to buy them as commodity
Omg remember when RH forgot to account for a leap year? lol. LOTS of losses that day.
Bought some APPL calls with some weed stock profit just because it's down so much, still disappointed.
[deleted]
Remember when stimmy was flavour of the month and Nancy kept fucking everyone’s puts. Glad that’s over.
these posts really need to be autodeleted
Any time rasmussen has anythinf leaning blue is a shock.
HONK HONK
I'm in a similar position where I bought Jan 15 $90c when the share price took a dip on oct 14 and was around $83, and was before their GPU announcement and earnings, still took a dive. 

When you say buy back lower, do you mean like rolling out? Or buy back at a lower strike price?
Puts
Folks really bought NIO calls at the top today lmao
I swear on my life I had a dream last night that he pulled off the merger.. I bought 50 shares at open this morning
And the stock tanked after. Good fundamentals doesnt make a good stock. Otherwise micron would be a top 10 company and NKLA would be a penny stock. But here we are.
Homelander approves this message
big deal, I can make my history chart look like this too if I turn my phone upside down
Im out til EOD, this shit is top choppy
My calls are all like years away, all are for November 20th so I'm fine.
[deleted]
Next time just start recording at 9:29 then screenshot from video. Pro tip
Sunday night is when tech executives start drunk dialing. It can honestly go either way
VIX on the option right, the quick pitch to UVXY and VIX is hit hard! UVXY out close to the first down marker but boy did VIX take a hit!
tsla at PE of less than 800.. buy this shit
[deleted]
Imagine owning RKT.  30 red days straight
[deleted]
Those PM bastards boomed us bulls in the first half, not gonna lie.
I'm calling it - SPY 11/21 210P

🌈🐻
12/17/21 $50s here, got $10,000 worth
The Xlnx deal is AMD.  Did you mean Mellanox or ARM?
i got some kc...not sure if it is more china crap or not...but if it blows wooo hooo

oh and not from kc, but travelled to a few games there - great place for football, until football turned to shite
[https://clips.twitch.tv/NeighborlyWittyBatOhMyDog](https://clips.twitch.tv/NeighborlyWittyBatOhMyDog) CSGO casters talking about JPow
Can we have a circuit breaker pls
Let’s get it gamer😤
i lost 87% on FB calls
Tech is just eating dick after dick
But some blood on the streets would really help my puts print. Maybe we can have just a little blood?
JFC Shiller STFU
all this trade does is confirm I’m in the right subreddit
And down goes the NASDAQ
I still think we rally into close and through tomorrow but I just got out of my calls because this is looking really spooky
What's the move for Apple's Nov 10 event?
How they lookin now?
Just doing my portable enema now, sir
> Look man, here is the answer:
> 
> - Everybody thinks you need to trade before the election.. WRONG.. You want to trade AFTER the Election.
> 
> - once you see it that way, then you will understand ThetaGang.
> 
> Let the market rally up to 340 or down to 300 on SPY first, then sell options.. see the difference?

Yeah, like I was mentioning, you can also do that on the Vix/volatility, trade it after it makes bigger moves.
W calls lets go
red wave confirmde 

but fr, the issue is there aint no sportsbetting online in these elections so limit rev on dkng
okay, any time now
Shut the fuck up, or I will fucking lazer you, with my lazer eyes - Kanye President West.
Cant even see any green bumps on its monthly chart
Amazon really do be fucking me in the ass
Made 53$ today 🤣 done for the day, cpuld have been a few hundred more (or way more depending on the finish today) but the kangaroo scaring the fuck outta me
Asian mom logic lmao. I’ll be peeling it though
RBG is better than both
most you are idiots, and very very wrong
Went red on both my calls and puts 🤡
This hits to close to home😭
Are your two avacados ripe yet?
lol that visual is hilarious
Check my edit retard
Reporting for duty will help out ASAP!! 🌈🐻📉📉📉
I've got 40,000 shares.  Is that enough?
When is msft going to buy Nokia again?
I would sell. Chinese companies have a tendency to be fraudulent.
*Drillkings
Algos forgot about daylight savings time, the dump is happening an hour early!
If youre stilll not holding tech puts, trading might not be for you.
Shit jinxed
CALLS RED PUTS RED theta winning
Did we really just have a circuit breaker about 5 min ago or was my broker bugged?
Don’t pump this shit here without positions
Down 400 dollars on AMZN FML.
(this is a Republican polling firm)-

[https://twitter.com/Politics\_Polls/status/1323319264137367552?s=19](https://twitter.com/Politics_Polls/status/1323319264137367552?s=19)

tomorrow is going to be a nail-biter bros. just imagine how the market will react with every new info
Yeah sell Pfizer. No one needs the blue pill
I can draw imaginary lines too!
[deleted]
It feels like the price action is reflecting news from the quarter and the news might knock down the stock.  Many of the companies are beating earnings but can't match the expectations set based on current stock price.  BofA has a target on it of 650 over the next 12 months but I feel like we revisit high 300s before ever make that kind of march to those kinds of targets.
my biggest win today was LHX at +6%. Shame that I wrote 11/20 180cc at 4% up, instead of right now. 

hint, LHX will not reach 180 by 11/20
Right on...I'll be buying every CRSR dip from here on out.
HON bitches.

Honeywell is made of HONEY.

Bought in at low 160 last week, 11/20 170c up 106% now.
GOOD NORNING
VIX not buying this dump?
[deleted]
whts the play
Positions or ban
Where the fuck is some good DD. Sitting here with my thumb up my ass.

ICLN calls for a Biden win is my only play right now
Too much jelq for Elong...
Workaholics enters the chat. “OOOOOHHHHH YEAHHHH”
Sir, this is the unemployment line.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well, well, well, it looks like GME is again a safe Heaven, allí bulls to GME, we are going to tendie town
DraftKings been red 7 straight days 🤣
Scalped a quicky, bottom might be in, but i sold so it prob do down more now
Puts on DKNG and PENN. Players testing positive for covid on the rise. Sports are in jeopardy
Yessir!
[deleted]
those red candles have been bigger than the green candles all day.
Trump will handle the big picture stuff and Biden will focus on the day to day.
Don't forget far OTM for the authentic WSB experience
Calls on DogeCoin

Much moon. Such shot.
Right. I always wondered why “professionals” sold courses in things like e-commerce, trading, etc. ITS BECAUSE THEY CANT MAKE MONEY ACTUALLY DOING THOSE THINGS! ;)
Facebook and Microsoft been getting mollywhopped for a minute lol
You must be new to this sub...
zm shareholders (bag?) both institutional and retail, rightfully getting into panic mode....lots of fingers hovering over the sell buttons......100k about 15 min back, then a few 45k ish.....oh here comes more....look out!!
Only if Mckenzie secures a biiiiig bag
so never. got it.
Looking like I should have stayed out today
Looks like just bear gang
1 /MES contract is the same as 50 shares of SPY. /ES is 500 shares of SPY. They both have options and trade 23 hours a day with a break from 4pm to 5pm CT every day. That's pretty much all you need to start.
Buying power of $67. Yeah he checks out
I fucking knew I should’ve got fb puts when it was green. Oh well least I didn’t get any calls
Jpow got this
Did Tim Apple say the n-word again today?
I hope all you gay bears get fucked on your SPY puts
They murdered their ER...
Hold the line bulls all we got left is each other👨‍👨‍👦‍👦
fuck you QQQ
Tech holders went from a sign of respect to a sign of autism in just 3 months.
Please dump so I am no fuk 🌈🐻
To clarify, I’m long on NIO and short on SPY...
Lol
toyota sells 10,000,000 cars/ year
Nio will sell 35,000 this year??

toyota market cap 215b (profitable, proven, reliable)
Nio market cap 44b (no history yet)

Toyota makes 285x + more cars
Toyota market cap is 4.88x of Nio.

It's a fucking bubble, that does not mean it cannot succeed long term but how can anyone confidently invest at these levels?
Omg it's happening!! 🐻
Yo ho ho, down we go
Dang, the candle just cut through the SMAs like butter
fisticuffs!  or a true duel.
There's no way that's just stocks alone
Can you buy a put now after this drop?
Still down 10% today 🤷‍♂️
You are an idiot. 10 bagger and didn’t sell. Did you think it would be a 100 bagger? Damn retard
Hope everyone bought their puts😂😎
Everything is algos so when 20% of the S&P is down Apple + amazon is bigly down we drill
Somethings gotta buy me Chick-Fil-A tendies :(
LoL sorry. They announced an event for this month
SQQQ is my bae.
I'm not gonna celebrate because I got ass blasted this morning. Wayy too early
You’re looking at German listing I imagine
It’s 2020 so yeah, perfectly poetic
Ah, I see.. Sorry, my figures were Nov 11/2  if you got them Friday before close.
They'll have to scissor fight for the office
“bEaRs R fUk” headasses 💀🐂🔫🌈🐻
Yeah man I have puts too. I was hoping for a dip today. But it’s just not going to happen today.
Samsung no less. They are the absolute worst about support and repair in appliances. Nothing says I'll be buying a new appliance in 4 years like Samsung
Come on drop faster
Its a hedge.  Look at the Put side for 22.50
AMZN going to 2741
Horrible growth and overvalued as shit during covid. You have chinese knockoff TSLA doing circles around that sinking ship stock price for over a year now.
Most likely yes.. look how they do it.

Notice the dip and then it will go back up.. that dip you see is when options are "priced" lower" and even though it will go back up, your options are now valued lower than before so it will be in a sense "crushed" some or decayed in value just from that dip even though you are right back to where you started on the price of the underlying stock...


https://ibb.co/jWGs4L2
Now is a good time to buy your SPY calls.  QQQ keep waiting.
Alright I sold my CXW and CGC calls cuz they already printed. Got my CRSR 11/20’s and LEAPs plus some 11/13 SPY puts for if the market shits itself short term so I can double down on CRSR
Don't kind yourself there are plenty of liquidity.
I live in the box this guys fridge came in
Hence, guns up.
Their PE is tiny. I'll look at them and see why
Lolololol
DING DONG THE BELLS HAVE RUNG, ITS TIME TO SELL
[deleted]
I’m pretty stupid and have made questionable decisions. I do belong here.
If you're not retarded, you can't be here.
🌈🐻 Drill Teams Report:

AAPL ☠️☠️☠️ 

AMZN ☠️☠️☠️ 

MSFT ☠️☠️☠️ 

QQQ ☠️☠️☠️ 

SPY 🚧 Work in Progress 🚧

All Drill Teams on SPY

Luv, 🌈🐻
RKT and RXT @ 99% loss gang represent!
I figured it’d take months to learn how tbh, I’m on TDA though
Bought gme 14c for 12/18
yeah, when i nearly threw my monitor out the window on friday asking WHY THE FUCK IS MARKET MOONING.. that exact thought came to me...   mango will do anything he can to prevent market crash friday or today.

\-edit.. but i am retard, so i still bought moar pootz
At least you have $13.03 to save yourself.
[deleted]
Out with $200 profit!
???
Kept loading up on puts as we climbed thinking it was a bull trap.  
  
Hmmmmm
[All Time](https://imgur.com/a/hV7CoJz)
If only they just do one big event, the stock might just moon. Why have three shitty one?
[deleted]
To anyone saying smth about Civil War....Stop. This is just WW3 meme all over again.
Aahhh red dildos welcome homw
Yeah....AFTER niggas started printing money...how sustainable will that be when the gdp tanks for these ludacris solutions to 'avoid the crash.'  Millions of people are still unemployed. The ONLY way to actually fix that is to get them back in the job market.  Anything less is prolonging the inevitable.
MRO earnings on the 4th
[deleted]
how was $FB $270 earlier lol
If you buy a call - You’re BUYING the RIGHT to purchase 100 shares of a stock

If you sell a call - you’re SELLING the OBLIGATION to provide the 100 shares of a stock to the “call buyer” 

Key words are “right to” and “obligated”
Societal collapse was priced in apparently?
Pray 4 me
Meh
SOL = 🌞Gang
This is like Friday in reverse
frfr why would anyone conform to the requirements of a more "normal" job if they can literally generate money on demand
Tesla die already
Wednesday expiration and I missed the tippy top but still 🤷‍♂️
If you understand what a short Iron Condor is, you know that it is a Call Credit spread on top, and then a Put credit spread on the bottom.. so why would you be so worried about a crazy move if you are trying make money way otm on both sides? and hoping the market just doesn't touch your strikes in the allotted time..
Did you leave the plastic on in hopes of returning it when you lose all your money?
Anyone from KC in this bitch
Pretty much
If you haven't switched to a real broker with futures, I think you've missed the best opportunity to trade a binary event we've had in a while.
Sorry bullsharts
Who will be the first lady
Holy shit SPY 

That was a wild red candle
Ye and they'll continue to buy Macs so Apple wins
Shooting heroin in the gutter is my fetish, this is a win-win.
VR has gotten pretty good. Could use a bigger library of better games though, more like Alyx.
Was gonna wait til EOD to buy SQQQ... missed the boat now it seems
I bought shares but mine don’t have a expiration.
Guhhhh fuck were going to be dripping red soon
Spy might’ve started drilling I’m prepping my asshole rn
Quick handoff by VIX to UVXY, and they're really picking up the tempo here as UVXY gains some yardage. Boy they sure are pressing the issue putting this defense on their heels all of a sudden!
+$5 tho
ZM really giving it to me raw for 5 days
Now the dump begins bulls they gave you your chance to get out
is twtr halted?
If it goes to 2500 this month Id nut so hard.
I sold one actually...
I’ll sell my puts once ZM goes to 250. So Wednesday ?
Wtf is that? Wow that's autism at its finest congrats man
I’ve never been more sarcastic in my life
It’s pretty much 100% that we wont see a clear winner tmr doesnt that mean market’s just gonna tank until the results are out ?
Should have been up at least +100% to +250% this morning...
Mango's rallies are not what they used to be.
Finally. Film it all next time. Especially that ugly blue shit off the ice maker switch
So I should present Mr. Mollusk with a prototype of my patent-pending dick straightener? Free tendies??
For next time, I recommend you buy low and sell high
There is no way SPY finished green on the eve of civil war
I see an equal amount of green and red. What is this?
I literally rolled out of bed 10 mins ago, checked my phone, saw SPY was green, and half-asleep bought a fuckton of puts


Already printing bigly. Market ez.
Directions unclear, bought more Funko calls
 a few little cut and paste HYLN tidbits I been collecting, let the other suckers buy NIO at the top we in at the bottom with HYLN, the wait should be worth it, fear not the meme stock ...

*" Fact is they have their erx product that is almost ready to go. Fully electric power train, 1300 mile range, full analytics and optimization system and can haul up to 80,000 lbs as far as I know no fully electric class 8 truck manufacturer can come close to those numbers. Even tesla battery tech can't come close to that. "*

*"Amazon, UPS, and Wal-Mart will be announced after the 40 day post IPO quiet period ends." Merger was 9/28, so that would be 11/7. Former White House Chief 0f Staff, Former Schneider CEO, Publix CEO, and ALL top notch talent are on the board or hold high level positions."*

*" the Idaho Reporter wrote "Hyliion ($HYLN) stock expects a falling knife in a week."* [*www.idahoreporter.com/...*](http://www.idahoreporter.com/2020/hyliion-hyln-stock-expects-a-falling-knife-in-a-week/) *One point in the article was that warrants can be exercised 30 days after merger, which would be about November 1. The article states "Do not try to catch the falling knife once it starts going down. Wait until the stock hits the bottom, which is around $22."*

*" For the most part, the stock has stayed below $23.71 since 10/20. If it goes above $23.71, it becomes profitable to execute the warrants, and thus dilute the shares. "People will exercise the HYLN.WS warrants and sell the equity HYLN until they are at parity. "*
It’s actually lube. He stays ready for the pounding.
Thoughts and prayers
Lol bulls cant find anyone to sell them to
Was sweating all weekend
It’s just not gonna tank I’m sorry you guys. They’ll tease you and take your money but there’s no way they’re going to let it tank a day before the election.
bought low sold high
Which one of you are buying Hertz? Show yourselves!
Airline puts are the play 11/20
Be careful and do a trial on papertrade before you spend your hard earned  money on their discord
Stonks
Everyone saying EOD dump, we're either mooning or staying flat.
We have an office pot. For how long it takes for one of them to concede. On 11/4, 1 week, 2 weeks, 1 month, 2 months or 3 months/civil war is in the lead.
imaging still buying a night before civil war
Lol
Get December puts
Just try it out with a big margin. Then you’ll understand (maybe).
Get out of your calls now. EOD dump confirmed.
Puts on love
lol fax someone said this screenshot cost me 1k 🤣🤣🤣
You're rich by Zimbabwean standards
Yes but I used my day trade to get right back out after I slapped myself 3 times
Intel continues to die. What a shitty company
it's a horrible decision from apple in so many ways.  Everyone with a intel based mac just got cucked and will continue to get cucked.
Apple one more product event [https://www.apple.com/apple-events/](https://www.apple.com/apple-events/)
join the club
just forward it to voicemail and be done with it
Try getting puts instead
Amazon drill us to the promised land 🌈🐻
Anyone who knows how to trade doesn’t have a Discord/membership because they make more money trading than teaching. Only people who don’t know how to trade sell stock lessons/Discords
Not sure I want my face all over the internet. Wait
trump and biden will tie and we will have the first co-presidency
Your backsplash looks like crumpled aluminum foil.
That's what I'm saying, go big or go home
Yea it should make a run for 4K in the 1st quarter next year
I love Apple chips, sweet and crunchy
ban
You know we are talking about selling options, as in writing them, or "selling to open" options, not buying them right?
Refrigerator is smiling since the graph is going up
Bankruptcy isn't the horror it is made out to be but at the same time, this is an absolutely dipshit approach to it.
Alright Russell we get it, you’ve got a big dick
Oh no I was really looking for a discord for money advice, oh well
gonna need that brazzers credentials for research purposes
Youre retarded. You arent even close to a real loss. This amd dip is not real. If it hits 90 any time before march youre probably break even
So who’s ready for the eod dump
Excellent play by Michael VIX to see the confusion in the defense and he absolutely DRILLED SPY right between the numbers there, what a throw!
Or buy now and gain 24K on the recovery thru Dec
ironic it's called BQ in a country that eats animals we consider pets
I think theres maybe 2 out of the past 9 weeks AMZN puts havent printed
Wild guess: op is the delivery boy for best buy
[deleted]
I wanna go back to 9:29 when I was excited about the market
The Drillbook
When in doubt, zoom out.
I was up 500, now only up 50, SQ you suck.
she probably just wanted to borrow some money
No idea. My calls are bleeding out though.
My little check cashing/cash for gold loan sharking stock CURO is doing it today baby!  Beat earning by a bunch and is marching up today!  Gonna get me some new tires.
Good luck, could be wrong. But boy, hard to see it right now that it cannot go up to some degree.
It’s a crazy week to buy but I got some 11/6 $40c’s just for fun on the last dip.
Any other 🤡’s here who just bought AAPL calls when they heard the announcement and forgot that the world is ending this week?
are we drilling? is it happening?
$BARQ
Thought about it but bovada doesn't have great odds for the bet I'd make.
I think we're going down now
Link plz. I guess i can Google it. Do people there care yet or na?
Don't know what I was expecting...
Buying Apple at 106
Welcome to the fuckin' show...
[removed]
😂😂🤣🤣🤣
macs with arm processors are probably gonna kick intels macs ass
Isn’t NIO like 10% of spy now ?
[deleted]
My wife does this to my dick
lol 2.5K here sold for 4K
Yes SPY just stay below 330 please.
How is this simultaneously the coolest gayest shit I've seen lately?
Bank stock should rally if the Fed returns interest rates to near normal. Which is a Biden move. I would expect modest growth from this point.
“Haha how could you lose money on a day where the market is up 400?”

Where there is a will, there is a way 🤡🤡🤡
No one fucking bought AMZN that high thats why it dropped.
ruh roh
Congratulations. Now go fuck yourself with a roll of $100's
Bye bye 330, GIDDY UP! 🤠
friday, and i averaged down until my balls started to clench
You are wrong, I do it for those sweet sweet tendies
You seen the 2dte premiums on spy puts right now? lol
Lets see those big boi bets man - how much money you got on puts for them?
Here, so they understand what you're saying:

6265657020626f6f702062656570696e67206d6f746865726675636b6572732c20796f7572206d6f6d20776173206120746f6173746572

Edit:  Converted to Hex for the algos
Biden must smoke weed
Plot twist: it was him
what do you think?
They hurry back up to the line, VIX barking out signals, here's the quick snap and VIX hits SPY on the slant, down inside the 330!
Tim 🍏 needs to do better.
Leak a sextape or something bruh
[deleted]
Then since you "think" it's better to put yourself into risk before and let computers/algos take you for a ride down Red lane, I'll tell you another secret :


https://ibb.co/G95kKLG  

- notice where the premiums are higher/lower for the later options..

ofcourse this will change fast but you can see it more clearly when you go further out..
Lmao nice!
I got a “u up?” text last night but I slept through it.. feels bad man.. 😔
Someone know some good discord channels and has got an link to join?
imagine buying amzn leaps at 3400 or 3500

you dump 30k and end up with like 6k
DROP IS IN
brave mofo , gz. bet you were sweating last night
LMAO lets fuckin gooooooo
short term no idea. long term I like the xilinx deal. 
not a huge fan of the last 10 days, I would buy more shares if I had cash on hand. I will sit on these puppies for a few years probably. my FDs are currently in dope and renewables playing a biden win.
This is why I sell options 😎
Anyone else bullish on lithium?  EVs seem like they're gonna take off this decade.  Every company now has ESG woven into their corporate governance.  I keep buying a little bit at  time of lithium stocks.
Options so expensive a 1% green barely move 11/4 calls. I’ll be back next week.
Calls on Uber, Lyft other app-based ride-sharing/delivery companies. I think prop 22 has a good chance of passing in California
[deleted]
"Honey badger takes what it wants"
-Trever Milton
:(
Thanks, I'm gonna study this more after work. Also I dont think this would work in a normal market since spy does not move like the way it's been moving since covid and also bull run before covid.
You’d have to believe the run from 2k to 3500 was based in legitimacy to think 3k is a steal. Is it just gonna double its market cap every year?
[deleted]
Didn't they ban your gayness last time?
QQQ RED

It’s over for bul

🐻
As many liberals as it takes
You are totally right, I basically have never played them and I don’t know why I thought now was a good time. Completely stupid move
Republican Senate and Biden POTUS is no stimmy. Democratic Senate with Trump, *something* eventually gets through.
I like this idea, when a trade goes tits up, you can reach in and grab a beer
All by design
many puts will
They are building their own factory to mass produce. Once that happens it will be sustainable. You do not understand NIOs concept if you comparing them to Toyota. And Tesla mkt cap 376 bil. NIO is 37 bil so yes a tenth
They're up to 4 mobile morgue units in El Paso right now
New IPod
You only need around 25 shares to do it. You don't have to put up 100% collateral to sell calls.

Reg states only around 20%+ unless your broker has more strict house rules.
If the loss is good enough to screenshot its good enough to $ROPE.
I can only double down so much
gentlemen, the race is about to start

choose your horse
Nov 20 32c
Go back to r/investing retard
Whats up with all these people chanting everytime DKNG dropas half a percent
lmao i dont even know if i will be alive in 5 years , i want that fast money right now  😂
I predict, imminent market doomp, i can feel it in my balls
25k in spy calls friday sold for 42k today :’)
:D
[r/recircumcizing](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/016/212/manning.png)

Beware! NSFL.  Serious hood action.
It literally can not go tits up!
An ATM.
Is a fantastic time for having a gambling problem
which ones? leaps lol?
If you hold intel, its time.
[deleted]
It’a a kangaroo trap
Lol sold this morning.  They will continue to smash tho
The ones you overpaid cause you panic bought them on ebay thinking they would be sold out?
loool
Can’t tell whether this is a bull or bear trap
SQQQ gang  🐂🔫🌈🐻
Welcome, my friend..
second down, VIX fakes the handoff and has room to run to his right! blockers out in front and VIX is gonna take this one all the way near the first down marker!

Gus, this defense just keeps failing to account for the speed of Michael VIX, I don't know why they're not putting a SPY on him every down at this point
Also imaging thinking analysts are right.
I wish i could give you an award but im broke so ill save your comment and give you one when reddit gives me a free award to give out
There are no safe bets. This is a casino.
🍏 announces event for Nov. 10 where new Macs with Apple chips expected

Das it? 🤷🏽‍♂️
Waiting patiently for the Chinese Chewy, $BQ to have its day
same, on $130C for April
Can you briefly share your dd on Nio?  TIA
Drill bitch drill 🌈🐻
Further if you’re waiting for things to calm down
more like 80% but yeah
Going to 2450$ - 2650$.
lol my portfolio is flat sideways like a peaceful pond
[deleted]
Remindme! 1 month “where is nio?”
No, but I bought AAPL and SPY puts in February and watched them continue to rise for two weeks before the bottom fell out.  It was incredibly difficult to hold those why everyone was still bullish, explaining how Covid would never come to the US or affect the US stock market...
Ban
***Apple (AAPL) announces event for November 10th where new Macs with Apple chips are expected, according to CNBC***
Ll
Inject that sell off into my veins, let’s go
green is buy, red is sell...no, wait...its... oh fuck it.
330 pinned told u cucks till election :D
Someone asked me what the best gun stock to own was and I replied AMD. 

They responded but AMD isn’t a gun stock.

And I said yes it is. I never wanted to own a gun until I bought AMD calls. 

Lisa please get it together for the sake of my calls.
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323317309004546050?s=20 

Breaking:  The NYSE is being flooded with trading halts on an equipment changeover 

 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323317658893373441?s=20
What is this about?
Thanks for the information, I will definitely put it to use.
why no one share an robinhood account details with like 10k in it?
I like looking at water from various sources I go to, like a creek in a park or a pond or whatever.  Crazy shit in there.
Yup riding acb FDs for the election
It?
better hide ur kids and  wife  😂
Yup.  Isnt it glorious?
I don't think anything above 33 or 34c expiring this Friday is going to print. Im just trying to break even and get out at this point. I think we'll see the stock continue to rally throughout the rest of the week tho. Guess there's only one way to find out
Won’t know tomorrow
Stop buying weeklies. Seriously. I’ve learned to try and never let anything get within a week of expiration. Either dump it or roll it out. You can still yolo some 1 or 0 dates. But don’t let your main plays get close to expiration.
Lost 90% on my AMZN calls
And the remote control.
Both renewables and gun stocks will tank in the event of a trump win

Threat of regulation is what drives gun stocks up because it drives sales
So I’m thinking December calls. Is that a safe bet or should I wait till shit calm down?
All in on TAN with UVXY as a small hedge
Amazon PE at only 93 get it while it’s hot
His sisters priced in as well. Wicked cheap
Remember in that Batman movie when Bruce is in the cave and those mole people kept chanting "rise, rise, rise" that's basically what I do all day
That’ll drive market up idiot
I'll give you till the end of this week. People do this for clout not monetary gains.
Sounds like you can still get a 90% in the class.
I think they also have some kind of legal quiet period after an IPO for 40 days which ends soon. I tried to find the info I read on this and cant, but you may know more.
GME is in coma plz come back 2021   😂
trump as president= civil war
Wtf uvxy you were the chosen one!
its always priced in no matter how much it moves up or down
Is this it?
ya mutha
tomorrow or wed
Facebook is that way, retard ------>
If he loses he's gonna found Qitter

All cue-anon, all the time
[deleted]
I'd be worried about the screen 'freezing'...
ICLN
I have a Jan `22 $120 leap that I've been selling weeklies against.  I'll sell a little further OTM just in case.
[removed]
That’s retarded.
true ture  😤
I should have bought those SE puts when it was 4 points up instead o FOMOing into NIO.  I knew it at the time too and still did it.
Really thinking about getting some nio leaps for 1/22
Wish I had millions of dollars to sell covered calls on that stock
SPY puts and NIO calls.....🤞
I need a civil war this week to save my puts.
Someone shared a brazzers premium account info yesterday here.

Does anyone have a premium realitykings account or evilangel account?
Didn't this sub do the exact same thing in April and May?  Somehow forgetting that JPOW makes money printer go brrrrrr 🖨💰💰💰📈 gets the 🌈🐻 every time.
Anyone playing AMC? What’s the fd play ?
[removed]
Double the presidents, double the pump
0
Domp eet
Adding more puts idc
Apple support will fall off a cliff
A hacked pregnancy stick
Alright, we're back from lunch.. time to tank this thing.
And there are a bunch of normal people buying to defend against all the wannabe commies and anarchists who have planned rallies across the country who either won't concede or are openly stating that they are going to try and burn shit down no matter who wins.
Wouldn't surprise me if that stock portfolio was just a screen shot from one of Wallstreetbets posts. If not, GG to the boy and probably gotta return/sell his dad's Ferrari.
That’s the plan I’m starting to get nervous I thought maybe we had a short squeeze but this is holding very strong right now
Understandable.Have a good day
I want a loft
totally insane.
And you're retarded
The next 20 years are priced in
longer than your expiration  😂
I have seen NIO bears say the same shit on every leg up - "ohhhh its up 20%.... oh its up 40%" I just keep laughing and laughing. Also - the fucking analysts literally are all raising their price tragets on it.
No idea, it was around 33 bucks when I bet the 34c
Equities, metals, DXY. At least one of them is full of shit. Will be interesting to see who’s left standing.
Your moms priced in
Yah but gmail is better for personal use
[deleted]
Trump as president = less school shootings?
Dude amzn is not for the poor or paper handed lol. Shits crazy
Cannabis calls really printing today.
Also I always buy them with the same strike price if you get different strikes the deltas get all fucky.
Good thing they are wrong about everything lol remember when they downgraded Apple two weeks before they popped cuz of the split?
Well at least in 30 days amazon will be at $0 maybe it’ll catch a couple bids then
If you say you know what’s going on you a LION 🦁🦁😳
I got two, but only busted one 🍆💧
good day for the scalpers to scalp
It’s priced in.
Downvote bc you’re still poor
VIX still too high for premiums
bear with me
Take the mint of Spain hostage and print your own, it’s  pretty simple
hope u dont get screw tomorrow  😂
Apple sucks
Thread volume super low
Yes
Oh I get it 🦀 go sideways
cloud numbers were meh
Probably a kid playing roblox adjusts prices depending on buttons pressed
No play
Biden win is priced in. Trump win is priced in.
you only have 1 nut?
Have you guys ever bought smth perfectly at the bottom and then it slowly began rising? 😎
Everybody is bracing for impact
This dude literally trimmed a contract for 2$ like wtf and said set stop loss to breakeven 🤣🤣
Lmao RIP when some of y'alls wives click "all" and it shows a 98 percent overall loss.
Sometimes SPX because 60% of profit is under the capital gains tax of 14%. Only issue for some will be that SPX 0 day options are about 1 thousand dollar each. 10 times higher than spy.
Either we go to the moon or $ROPE
Hit the icemaker and watch the stonks fly.
Congratz and fuck you
We can’t even break 331 lol
spy flatter than my hamster titty
Bullish on them for rejecting a deadbeat
[deleted]
Leidos, Raytheon, etc have tons more room to go. Defense is gonna be fine no matter election results. Steals.

Amazon below 3k = steal

Rocket is starting its moon mission.
Massive call volume in WFC, 11/20 24.5... Someone knows something!
Honestly, +18% on Lumber Liquidators is taking me back a few months lol.
Which ones?
Imagine waking up election week and buying the top of tech at open
“BeRs r FuK” headasses 💀📉
Interesting!! Nice post
Alyx is pretty great. Stove other good VR games: Subnautica, Super Hot, Skyrim, Star Wars Squadrons, Fallout 4, Payday 2,
aapl owns your daughters and their hot friends that hate you.
You’re losing your life savings in a word doc?
3.  It’ll last about as long as it takes me to take a shit.
# Make Volatility Great Tomorrow
NIO baby moon is the other way
gotta start saving up for that 100 shares of amzn and start selling those FDs
Finally can fucking upgrade from my 2012
VR headset so u can cry to your virtual waifu after u lose all ur money   😂
Just bought a 135 c for 6/18...

It’ll print
Apple , ur a fking slut
I’m new to this. What did you do here?
Same with weed stocks
Hopefully they post earnings above $0
Good thing the president has next to nothing to do with how hard it is to buy a gun in any given state
They're forgetting most Americans just don't give a shit. The only thing bringing lock downs is legit over capacity hospitals. Over capacity like dead bodies rotting in the parking lot. Short of that, we won't lock down.
Premiums are insane. No thanks
Or rather, didn't
Trump has already said that he won't shut things down again. Biden has said 'I will listen to the scientists' so you can make a guess there. 

On another note, GS is known to mislead for there own gain right?
that’s what i do to my penis
“Yolo all you have” on a penny stock go get fucked you asshole
Imagine thinking there'll a tomorrow
I got my access back to robinhood but I'm staying Webull. Better tools, even if they do sell my info to China
Are we really doing quad bottom on TQQQ?
Only one more day until we have two presidents! Hopefully the market reacts favorably
I used to get $0.60 to sell a NIO $18p, and now it's $0.60 for a $30p. I miss my gravy
Ahhhhhh this is so slow
Hear hear!!
I bought $10k and I’m bleeding amazon red
First and 10, quick snap and blitz is coming, VIX is chased down for a short loss
no he’s going to come after Jack Dorsey hard
yep
What’s the amc play ? Quick guys
Your words, not mine
It’s pretty simple really, if we go into Wednesday with a clear idea of who will be President next January, all of the uncertainty disappears and stocks might be at a real discount right now.
Maybe because it’s a meme and up 170% in 3 months
[deleted]
Thanks.
Sure! Go all in because IV is only 160ish
[deleted]
$SLV
Hold imo. This pump is fake and gay, bet you we gap down bigly tomorrow and if the election is contested spy could break below 320
When did you get in at if it closes above $33 today we will be fine
AMZN calls on margin...
Bulltrap..... Hopefully
SLV pumping. DXY up, 🤷🏻‍♂️
I just don’t get why we are not dumping
When we buying TWLO?
🦀 🦀 🦀 MY APPLE LEAPS ARE GONE 🦀 🦀 🦀
"Inflation is taxation without legislation" - Milton Friedman
Goodbye donkey Kong!
No clue why that was downvoted 😂
Mmmmm, and to hear the kcshhhhhhhh as it peels off. I would take the ass beating just for that.
Enough to shut down the economy
🐻🐨🐻‍❄️🐼

       🐂
You say this and I'm picturing people in confederate uniforms with bayonets blocking my path to the toilet paper aisle.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/SECdeezTrades don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yes and yes 

And ...... no
tell us the tickers asshole
[deleted]
This also works for burning sensations when you pee!  

Just ignore it and it goes away.
I am holding shares as well.  What do you think about the action this past 10 days and what do you think about earnings?
Taxes under Biden.
Appreciate you.
Everyone who wanted to sell or buy already has. This might be all week
Holy F. RKT gang. Rocket Auto!?!?
Big tech is the only one getting screwed today. May be market speculating Biden victory.
Lmao go buy some more cruise lines
#gottem
Yep, looks like you might be, lol

I'm still not so sure something insane isn't gonna happen EOD though. Let's see
He bought?
The Un-split hopefully
CALLS on ABBV and AMCX.  These rockets are just getting started  


ABBV is looking at Skyrizi as a COVID treatment. Literally has SKY in it, that means it's going to the moon.  
AMCX has massive short interest and earnings looked pretty dam good. Subscriber counts are up
Still suffering through the 45 rolls of Scott I got back in May.
💯
No
Probably CPU/laptops related
Cramer?
Raymond James ups vff price target to 400% of its current value. No big deal.
Good to hear they've come up with a permanent fix - they didn't replace the board on ours at the time. They could never get ours to work so we decided to take our losses and get a KitchenAid instead.
Unless you are buying weekly NIO Puts, I really don't understand how you can be a NIO bear...
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-invites-media-nov-10-171501054.html
November 6th 328 puts
How many deaths u guys thinking due to civil war 2?
Next week
Thanks, one question. The call and puts wont be priced the same. For example the put can be .70 and the call can be 1.5, what do you do in that situation? How do you buy? 

I guess in this scenario you need a downward move of 0.70 relative to strike and 1.5 relative to strike to be profitable


Are you only doing this on SPY?
sell naked put to get some money and buy AMZN ATM call
If/when Donnie wins you guys think Twitter is gonna rocket back up??
sugar daddy\*
3rd and 2, VIX with an empty backfield, tight end in motion to the right, VIX hesitates, and now finds some room to run on the draw, and that'll be a first down for Michael VIX.

Great job to make a play to keep the team in the ball game and get a fresh set of downs, it's been tough gaining any yardage today
You made money like that being a bear this year? Damn that’s impressive
WE BACK ON ROBINHOOD BABY
IWM 4 DTE 155 puts
It’s 2020 please stop using the R word. It’s not hard to find a more appropriate word choice
A $3,000 call for Amazon, which could be worth $0 in 4 days, is selling for almost $7k. My God.
What is the % gain?
Gotcha, can create spread & even buy back the one you sold higher if you still like your position tomorrow
[deleted]
Fuck it I’m in
My 2003 Windows XP Toshiba laptop
Panic selling by those who still think Trump=tendies. It'll go down no more than 10% if Trump loses, then the blue chip stocks will be first to return so buy back quickly. I'm trying to find companies that may have been stifled by the current regime but I can't think of anything in particular, but I do predict a few sleepers blowing up immensely by the time Joe takes the reigns. I just wish I knew who they were right now.
?
My puts are going to expire worthless today. Then tomorrow is going to tank, while I try to be “disciplined”. As soon as I buy the dip later in the week, I’ll get bogged. 

Honestly just writing it down so I can look back later on how dumb I am
Amber heard a cum guzzler?
Why not both
Ligma Nuts....not to be confused with sugma
I thought that was pov taking a piss for a sec lmao
Dude I need it to hit a minimum of 35 by Wednesday to escape my dying 34c 11/6 calls.
Sell half, pay taxes and spend the rest on TSLA.
cAt GiRl  😻
Fell asleep after the 20th peak. Nice job asshole
I’m down bigly on Apple 140c for April
Proof of positions or ban
What’s this newly scheduled Apple event?
Well. Sitting at 75% down. Feeling good about only picking up 2 of these calls so I’m not sweating the loss. That AAWW guy though; I need that shit to take off.
I am my own daddy.
[deleted]
Probably not, banks are more concerned with fed monetary policy, vaccine, and stimmy. Either way they’re probably already close to their relative bottom but until vaccine / stimmy they’ll probably sit where they’re  at + or - 5%
Did you guys pile up on toilet paper before the civil war rages?
I also have an AMC lotto ticket. Why do we think its going to go up?
Just pull up a chair and sit down in front of fridge to trade. Problem solved 😊
AAPL and TSLA will be higher in a month.  And......Biden will lose.
Biden is -185 to win on bovada. Seems like the most perfect hedge to my FD’s
[deleted]
I sold at 3300 and it seems like it can get there again easily. Probably will wait until after election though
It’s my weakness
Amzn been moving in a straight line downward since I bought it 2 wks ago
I worked at a gun store in the bay and we shut down for covid but could sell per appointment. Well its safe to say about 2 weeks later we didnt have a gun left or ammo, and were not getting more first anytime soon outside of literally a dozen a week or so.


The bay has like 11 million people and maybe 10 gunstores.
Fucking seriously? 🤣
Hate to say it but truuuuu
I will. I’ve always had trouble understanding them. But if it saves me a day trade I shall learn
That IV is ridiculous lol.
GS expects the current Covid19 wave in the US to: 
 
-Trigger lockdown measures for 15+ US states in November & Trigger lockdowns for 75% of US population by late December with material risk of a nation-wide lockdown by then. The increasingly explosive case growth is expected to push new cases well above levels leading lockdowns in Europe recently. 

-Require lockdowns to remain in place until March to offset the seasonal upward pressure on Rt, or at least until measures such as vaccines become effective in reducing Rt otherwise 

-Be color blind, even if some red states will require lockdowns earlier

Source - friend with a Terminal

Edit: formatting
SPY $400 😭🤡🐂
➡️➡️➡️➡️➡️
Of course that's a thing
Sell puts to create a synthetic long??
Not getting in unless it goes to 2800
Lmao
[deleted]
Theres no way we dont dump into closing
Hello fellow amazon employee haha
When did you enter the position? Congrats and fuck you.
Haha you said cum
If I wasn't poor, I'd so buy AMZN
stop.  buying. AAPL. Calls.
Possible
Not poor or bad credit just young 😔🤟
Keeping the tag on the fridge so you can return it when you go bankrupt. Big brain hedge
Did he even wash his hands after masturbating from the bathroom lol
Lol phase 1
Dude I just moved into a rental place and this new Samsung fridge's ice maker has been freezing constantly. Thanks for the heads up.
AAPL 150c 3/19?
They beating my boy uvxy in broad daylight
lmao u always coming back for second fuck ? 😂
Calm down, take a deep breath and go back to r/politics.
Google ghetto spread, sell call above ones you own
Ehh wait until volatility drops
Calls on Home Depot in anticipation of the rioting?
😩 sadly it’s real
Kinda was hoping to see Apple at 106 today
[removed]
Well he was able to get his crooked dick inside Grimes  and make a musk jr so it can at least go the distance. Leaps on Tesla
I’m going to be racist towards algos in an attempt to to make them dump. 

*beep boop beeping motherfuckers, your mom was a toaster*
Feels like a GMEbang
What about this post was "spam" ?
https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmpz4n

I guess some salty RHers who bought what I was selling LOL
Don’t care who wins tomorrow. I just want the bull rally to continue. Let’s rage
Get some
[deleted]
Nasdaq hasnt had a green day of over 1% in almost a month
34c 11/6 reporting in. I'm scared man, I sold my 31c 11/9 for 95% profit this morning and bought back in like a greedy retard. Think we'll break even before we get crushed by theta?
Ligma balls hahahahahaha
Volume crazy low today...
[deleted]
100 day ma
Bullish

**Businesses warn of hit to profits as second U.K. lockdown deals 'devastating blow'**
ask your daddy to buy it
What’s some good AAPL calls people are buying for next week? I was thinking $115 11/13
Theta decay will eat any possible profits due to the premium of the option you would be purchasing. If the delta is high, the option premium nears a 1:1 ratio to the underlying price. So low delta means you get less ROI for the option, especially the longer it takes to get to ATM. Combine those two, and time will eat your lunch, just because of theta decay and piss poor returns even if the underlying asset starts trending in the direction you picked. 

Basically: low delta - price on the underlying asset moving has a lower return/risk. 
High delta - closing into a 1:1 match with underlying asset value.
Theta - why your options drop in value every minute they continue to exist OTM.
That shits expensive yo
Reddit Inc. has banned Seeking Alpha articles because their payout model strongly encourages spam. 

To get around this, please repost your comment/thread with the link removed. 

You may wish to copy and paste the full article if it adds necessary context to your post. If so, please include the link with a space in the domain (e.g. "seek ingalpha.com/...")

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
i have shares in my "no FDs" account.
Tech is dead time for Boomer Jones to shine
But the meme!
Exactly. And honestly if Trump wins he’s not fighting for votes anymore. He’ll just send the national guard in and shut it down.
I’ve done retarded things like that. Be better retard, I believe u can learn from this
How is AMAzon dogshit?
Always getting thrown off cages 😌🥰
You just got 

*Margin called* 

Congrats 🥳🥳
Best industrials ETF?
uhmmm i guess you answered your own question there if you expect a gap down
Amazon looking good rn below $3k
Deadly disease
i scrolled through there before making my comment, which i made because all i saw were various authorizations, approvals, and plans. i didn’t note anything substantial or completed.
Ligma balls
What do you think about a decentralized peer-to-peer unsecured or partially secured lending platform? I have a feeling it can work if lenders lend to a pool, and based on the amount lent, have more or less say in which debtors to approve to withdraw from the pool. Debtors pay funds directly back into the pool, with interest split pro rata among lenders. Maybe offer low interest rates, but have as collateral wage garnishment and garnishment of other claims, which can be called only on debtor default.
Go PLUG my little H2 child!!
Vaccine pump attempt

**CureVac's COVID-19 vaccine shows immune response in Phase 1 trial**
I was thinking of posting that too!
Is this what they call a pendant? I want us to go down, but that confirms we go up
But it doesn't, which is why every chart scribbler is posting on reddit after the fact and not posting on the deck of their yacht.
$YOLO Cannabis ETF blasting off

11/20 $12c

4 states bout to legalize, get to ass in here
If u think amzn is getting drilled bad while having decent earning and a sustainable business model wait until everything else starts drilling
Weedstocks, 1000%
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VXX   60.0|0.38|0.39|0.39|-0.12|223.212%


VXX 60.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawy7w6&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Zzzzzz
POS phone lol
people are too slow too move off plays.  AAPL is dead.  Try a real growth stock like APPS.
Ya. Learn how to create a spread out of that and you can lock in your profit without using a day trade
This is fantastic!

Sorry for your loss
Bullclowns gonna have a taste of Red Robin tomorrow
Why is AMZN underperforming so badly right now? Lmao
RKT 12/17/21 $32c going long on this hoe
Thoughts on UPS calls? 

Or CHRW calls? CHRW got way over corrected on its recent earnings (beat!) at least. Probably should be $95-100 right now
More AMZN and more SHOP puts. These dogshit stocks have a lot further to fall.
SNAP???????????
lol the VXX 60c for 11/20 has been going up over the last hour or so
I hit the drinks by accident, can i have a link?
So you lose your life savings and you just keep typing gtfoh
Would be fine with that
Yeah, once you realize that's how NIO works you can be a lot more comfortable holding your calls.

I've fucked myself TWICE now selling my stuff while NIO was flattish thinking I would time it. Sure enough, I sold my spreads on Friday to day trade with the money, and then didn't get back in (Thinking that election was going to make the market falter), and then it does this.

NIO rewards buying and holding.
Dat moment when youre selling games for a reasonable price and nobody wants to buy them because Im surrounded by poor 😔
delete this you poor. play with real money or GTFO
Lmao
Me
I made a peeling video but it’s literally gonna take 15-20 minutes to actually peel it all off properly
With that kind of trading prowess they might need to trade the frig for a styrofoam cooler and steal ice from a hotel..
SPY and VIX like 1998 Mankind vs Undertaker Hell in a Cell rn. 

If you know, you know 🤷🏿‍♂️
The premium is minor compared to the underlying when spy moves. I buy them at the money. The call or put will be slightly itm. I love using it because the consistency and still being a player during a random red day that will make you over 100% gain while everyone else is screaming about there position being destroyed.
Yes? first trade lol? Or do you no longer have day trade?
Sir this is a casino and we only buy options
Should, that thing is a shit sack stock
A lot of people with smol pps see a 10+ point lead for a candidate a day before election day and want to get on the rocket ship. They don't realize that just because one candidate wins doesn't mean the other concedes. I agree, too early to be going all in on stocks, but I see where they are coming from.
I feel attacked
I don’t care that I’m losing my ass on SPY puts right now because I believe in my AMC lotto tickets
Source?
check back on this Wednesday.

&#x200B;

320+ electoral votes. maybe even around 380.
OP just got flagged by moms as a PDT for this
aapl owns instagram models.
[deleted]
I called that Friday, with everyone here buying puts it was bound to go up
What’s ligma
Imagine thinking tomorrow is anything but flat/slightly red.
They have 1500000 pe though
How would one apply that saying towards losses?
I understand theta gang plenty, and reasonable minds would disagree on making the trade before/after the election. There’s more than one way to theta tendies but it’s basically a fact that you get more premiums before the election vs after, obviously more risk but that’s part of the fun.
aapl should head towards 95 for a healthy correction..
I'm buying 1 WDC leap every red day until I run out of money
What strikes should I hit if I'm looking into ICLN leaps?
SPY is afraid to move 🥺
As a tall person I’d love to spend $10K to hunch over and awkwardly surf the web on my fridge!
150 call? Bruh 😂
You want a beer? Or maybe some Tesla calls? Up to you really.
Why not both?
[deleted]
If any of you are WSBVoteBot users you can see what is up with votebot at http://wsb.gold
Lol right? 

“Hey guys we’re buying our stock back, be sure to bid the price up really high!”
Kermit green you 🌈🐻
Banks going to sell off more in case of Biden win? Or is this their relative bottom?
And not turn in a flat YoY Q3 like they just did LOL
Zuckercuck scammed us all
Calls on ruler, calls on spatula, calls on belt
Thinking weekly weekly ZM 500c they go for 300 each now
"Because you a fat, and a poor"

-- Jin Yiang, when asked his opinion of WSB
This market can ligma
Anyone playing NVDA?
The risk/reward on puts is trash rn. That 323 support is insane, definitely a option sellers market rn
Someone confirm. Bought apples calls. I can sell with one of my day trades and I won’t lose profit
[Source](https://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWHC/QB/2020/2911.html)
It was retarded. I'm also retarded because I did the same thing.
I did and I’m being cucked
So I should or should not add more Apple puts

Selling is off the table / PDT
The square chart is the best elevator up and stairs down chart I‘ve ever seen.
You gonna get hacked bro, but I guess you already have nothing left to steal
oversold last week, we'll see if trend changes though or it's a fake breakout
That's a gargantuan "if."
how about roku
Don't jinx it lol
Not even close to the same IMO.
Debating puts for $UVXY or $SPXU for like 11/20 

I’m expecting a gap down this week

Which one should I go for?
JFC you must be super poor with extremely bad credit to get denied a credit card lolol
Puts on my sense of humor
The year is 2040

Apple does their 4th split since 2020. 1 share back then would’ve been 20 now.
Some bears don’t seem to understand this, they think that NIO going a couple cents or dollars down it’ll crash.
I don’t think it’s going to happen. Zoom keeps getting tailwinds. Actually has great financials and is actively finding new ways to monetize its free user base.
Yeah this is sad. Maybe mention it might be better just renting the vehicle and if he wants, maybe doing some Uber routes in his spare time.
Tell your mom I like her fridge.
Bulltards never learn
Why tf is BAC so high
Thanks rainman
RKT May close green today.
Why
If you’re buying a call and the delta is 0.20 and the theta is -0.40 you would most likely lose money even if the stock went up because the theta would be eating away too much premium. Only way an option like that is profitable is if you sell it the same day or if it has a big spike up. A 1-2% move up won’t be enough for you to really make any profit. You would most likely lose money if it went up 1-2% the next day
Im lickin my chops like a greasy fuckin pig! Buy calls if ur smart, cuz im holding puts
Apple trying to see how far they can fall
AMC probably the closest you’re gonna find
330.00 - pump it 

 330.60 - dump it
Please enlighten us mortals.
[removed]
Depends - it can. But not being a fucking window licker is a much better strategy
You can't even spell autist you fucking retard
https://dailylifewithamonstergirl.fandom.com/wiki/Rachnera_Arachnera
Vic rising, qqq way down and will start to drag the market. I'm thinking about buying some 0dte puts about now.
Draft kings please go down to 30-32 i want to buy stock
They announced that already early on didn‘t they? They‘ll present the new MacBook Line-up
Apple tanking, no one cares anymore Tim Apple for your stupid events
waitress: enjoy your food  
me: you too, thanks!

puts on my social skills 🤡
Reverse split coming soon
It’s still up 7% lol
[deleted]
Not gonna lie, my SLB calls sitting pretty
fk u tim apple
Wow someone hates Amazon with a passion. So ded
How “monster” are we talkin?
My pants every time SPY shoots up.
You can get a solid lab microscope to look at slides of bacteria, blood, or other stuff for like 400$ + right? I feel like its the same concept though with the fun wearing off after a while unless you can experiment with your own ideas
Not saying it'll happen but the day hasnt ended
#Look man, here is the answer:

# -  Everybody thinks you need to trade before the election.. WRONG.. You want to trade AFTER the Election.

# - **once you see it that way, then you will understand ThetaGang.**


#Let the market rally up to 340 or down to 300 on SPY first, then sell options.. see the difference?
Good
wait for the 10th, it's gonna be good
wtf are you doing? heating hand sanitizer to kill the germs?
Perfect way to ruin ur appetite
Puts and Calls getting destroyed insync.

On the same thing, tryna repeat (Repeat)

We was in them cash gang right back on the robinhood

Took a L on my last play, I was in the play too long

Fuck it, out the fed building JPOW got a quick release
Imagine thinking tomorrow is green.
I see it too. Let’s hope it works
And all your base are belong to us
Its called lunch
All that matters is whether SPY closes above or below 330
[deleted]
Can someone tell me my decision to buy TWTR at the opening bell wasn't the most retarded decision of all time?
worst DD ever, considering some of the things you could have found about HYLN

all in
Strike?
Why tf is Exxon mooning today?
beat it you little shit
They are real you can find them last call at your local bar. And yes.
[deleted]
No I’d kill it
Same - and its all democrat shit. I think they got their stimmy money
Honestly I'm on the edge of my seat, esp. watching the Q's
Damn I busted my nut to early when I saw the futures blood red last night 😅😅😅
JPM puts, fuckers denied me for a new card after sending me a preapproval for it
lol
Hold up u might be on to sum 😳
Imagine this convo in 2040 retards:

Dad why the fuck did you not buy the AMZN & APPL dip in 2020
Dollar up with the index like the little positive day last week. VIX still in support zone. Don’t let this fool you
Desperation.
If  orange man is voted out  I am going all in on alternative power stocks.
This 330 support is one strong motherfucker
Right on!!!!!
A Biden win comes with a corporate tax rate increase of 7-14%. Hope your calls are dated for 2022, but who am I kidding, you are here with us.
Spy forming the famous Bermuda Triangle formation, only once seen back in 79’ .. it’s about to to gap the fuck down buckle up babes
Don't tease me like that, my puts haven't filled yet
Yup everytime AAPL has a binary events and I'm bullish , atm strike price plummets!!! Puts on deck!
[deleted]
real traders use their nintendo ds
Omg if TSLA pumps to 410 by eow I might kinda only be -25 % all time.
Anyone else bought calls on apple. No. Okay
No. Go long volatility for the election itself, then right after when everyone's panicking, go short volatility.
this game will tie and go into OT
[Hit the links and have a dmt](https://youtu.be/rkQIX6rqyhc) i did
It's amazing how "investors" are piling up and dying to buy stonks as fast as they can one day before election with all this uncertainty going on. Like they want to buy stonks so badly that they can't wait another day or two for some of the uncertainty to settle.

"I....really...must.....buy....stonks....with....all...my....money..."
[deleted]
Epic 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Spy puts or UVXY calls?
'DAQ gonna finish red. Classic bull trap
Algos count digits
[deleted]
Goldman’s Sack lowers 🍎 target to $75 🤣
Green energy seems to be pricing in a Biden win
Very true, that’s why I came here, the top tier idiots. I got a nice vehicle, they got a -89% portfolio
Slept in... What happened to the crash that was suppose to happen today? 😆
What are you talking about? I'm talking about the actual reality. I know the market will follow the perception, but it's not real.
[deleted]
Don’t get cocky buddy, we’ve watched this stock take a shit for a month straight. We can’t get excited over one Green Day
Replies: “yes” without a link... 🤦‍♀️
Just let the fridge handle the trading it’s a smart fridge for a reason
[deleted]
Yeah I guess I was wondering what strikes would be best.

Like would 3000/3100 be a good debit spread? Or is it too narrow? Should it be more ITM?
My calls are printing
Apple event gonna be the studio AirPods and Apple chip macs
Of course people take it seriously.
Prefer toaster
😂keep this coming
microscope is actually very fun
SHOP has just given up on life
[deleted]
ooh good choice

ive been thinking about VR for a while. I wanted to get the valve index for half life alyx but I dont know if the value or quality of VR games is that high yet with what its out currently
this is honestly the most boring morning i’ve seen in a long time and it really ought not to be
L O L
NIO always does this guys. This is just the opportunity for the bulls to get calls and stock on discount before it rockets back up.

Best get while the gettin's good.
8 yards is 7.32 meters
Ya baby tease me so good.
Theta is gang banging anybody that bought anything at open on the index ETFs.  Oof.
[deleted]
Weight Watchers you fools. $27.5C 1/15
Guess Tim Apple is not done disappointing us this year
Any crack or meth stocks reporting earnings ?
[deleted]
Got in early and made a killing on shares then made a killing selling calls. Dumped everything but 200 shares last time it hit $16. 

It’s gonna pump again to maybe $20 on merger date and then bleed off HYLN style. Probably going to pick up $15 Feb calls during tomorrow’s panic sell off.
Damn it man I said don't scare it! You can't look it in the eyes bro. It takes that as a threat!
how?
Second and 10, VIX in the gun with two in the backfield, he fakes the handoff and finds UVXY in the flat, good for 8 yards that sets up a 3rd and 2
lol no def apple one related
They can't all be winners :(
Some guy on Reddit said he hated guns and was a big liberal (moderate lib here). Dude said he and his wife just picked up two guns in fear of unrest. It’s not about Biden legislation. It’s about fear of police not being there to help from such mass conflict. 

The right have their guns. Maybe they buy some more. But liberals buying guns? Almost none of my liberal friends have guns. That would be massive. And they’d only do that for safety, not just bc fear of gun control. 

Idk man. They’re still pumping.
why would anyone think they'd have an event for a buyback?
Rebought that QQQ call I sold at bell. Let's go back up again
Nov 10 AAPL event, they said they’re tired of this disrespect they’ve been receiving
Current Balance: $5.01
Dollar Gain 1Y: +$24,331.21
Percent Gain 1Y: -100.02%
Bro Robinhood belongs on the fridge
Apple event on the 10th is just the charger you didn’t get with your phone.
So your brain says God is theta gang?
Low volume consolidation on SPY kinda teasin some action bout to happen
This is not TA. The only real TA I see is the market predicting a Biden win. I still think Orange Daddy has a good a shot as any but the election is definitely causing uncertainty. Ever since the beginning of the pandemic, the market has been running on emotion more than we're used to, and it obviously hasn't stopped
power hour probably
that happened thursday
A gun
It's entirely normal to feel undue buyer remorse after big purchases. I felt it too after my first new car (22 yo) even though I absolutely loved my new car 

See all the players here after they put in their entire life savings into 3dte options lol
what the fuck are u talking about? a double top isn't TA?
Same as earnings ?
Eww shredded wheat
Apple event announced for Nov 10
I BOUGHT POT WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL
thats my life story
SPY and QQQ just chilling at their major supports... smells very legal
😂😂😂
I have a bridge I can sell you

But if you really want to throw your money away buy icln
[deleted]
Tuesday always red
Shit now Apple has strength
For earnings? I got fucked by msft
Also algos.
Open a debit spread
That's true. No one wants to acknowledge that primary dealers cannot lose no matter what. Getting into the realm of shady capitalism where one group is judge, jury, and executioner.
That's nearly impossible but gl
The cut dividend killed this stock for me
https://twitter.com/zerohedge/status/1323313330782674945

APPLE ANNOUNCES NOV. 10 'ONE MORE THING' MEDIA EVENT

buyback? 🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏
Probably some more eggs, since I'm running low.
probably goes red by eod
Your fridge is watching you masturbate.
sedg eod MELT UP. GET IN
r/thatpeelingfeeling
I see, but the value of your premium when you sell will also be lower correct? Like if it's at the same price at 1pm??

But what you are saying is that usually there is a good move?

Are you buying itm?

I'm really interested in this strat

Also, today the calls have higher premium, how does this work then?
solar and puts on volatility measures.
Anyone else feel like the Covid count was 99K to avoid panic from a six figure number?
[deleted]
[removed]
TLRY 11/6 $6.50 calls printing. Weed stocks going to explode if Biden wins.

🍁

🍁

🍁
330 floor
just wait it out
[deleted]
Apple gonna compete with Elon for cat girls 

That’s the special event
QQQ: aight imma head out
No, people buy guns because they’re worried their neighbors didn’t plan ahead as well as them for financial hardships
Shhhh let it work in silence. Dont jynx it
looks like NIO is going to melt back up.
Ah my bad
Fucking right
Resistance on NIO is ridiculous tank already!
Come on Tesla. Up, down, I don’t give a f*ck. Just do something
I've never gotten this many calls and text messages in an election before. Constantly getting calls from local folks who are running for local shit.
Boats n Hoes..
325 retest, or deeper.
That's not plastic. That's a painstakingly developed layer of dried up splooge.
On the one hand, this screenshot looks fake. On the other hand, why would someone waste their time faking a $20 gain?
Oculus Quest 2 looks pretty cool
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠋⠉⡉⣉⡛⣛⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣸⣿⣿⡿⠿⡯⢙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⡀⡀⠄⢀⣀⣉⣉⣉⠁⠐⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⠄⠄⠄⠁⣿⣿⣀⠈⠿⢟⡛⠛⣿⠛⠛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⠁⠰⣄⣴⡬⢵⣴⣿⣤⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⢀⢄⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⡉⠻⣿⡿⠁⠘⠛⡿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠃⠄⠄⠈⠻⠄⠄⠄⠄⢘⣧⣀⠾⠿⠶⠦⢳⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣤⡀⢀⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠻⢣⣶⡒⠶⢤⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠋⠄⢘⣿⣦⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠉⠛⠻⠻⠺⣼⣿⠟⠋⠛⠿⣿⣿ ⠋⠉⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢻⣿⣿⣶⣄⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⢀⣤⣾⣿⣿⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⢹ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢻⣿⣿⣿⣷⡤⠄⠰⡆⠄⠄⠈⠉⠛⠿⢦⣀⡀⡀⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⢿⣿⠟⡋⠄⠄⠄⢣⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⠹⣿⣀ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠘⣷⣿⣿⣷⠄⠄⢺⣇⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠸⣿ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠹⣿⣿⡇⠄⠄⠸⣿⡄⠄⠈⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢻⣿⡇⠄⠄⠄⢹⣧⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠘

"Gyna"
Survivorship bias. Yes bankruptcy is not the end of the world but don’t think there will not be any major consequences. OP got lucky. Avoid bankruptcies like a plague. 

Talk to professions who deal with bankruptcies and they will tell the other side of story.
Bro I had Fubo TV. It was garbage
ICLN
[deleted]
If you got 11k, the 12/18 $3200c is a cherry right now. Days like these get the blood flowing and tempers raging you feel. Cheers
Calm before the storm
I wanna buy oil puts
TSLA, TAN, NIO, ICLN
[Fuck you](https://i.imgur.com/kxv3Msh.jpg)
[deleted]
💪
Ahh u slut, 330 is too good for u
Last week I mentioned that I traded NIO and PINS a day too early before their big jumps and put on watch that I was about to close my APPS and GRWG calls too. Those both are also doing great now.

So if you want to fade me, I’m probably closing out of DGLY and a new batch of PINS calls this afternoon.
Seems like there's going to be a rug pull at 3pm

🌈🐻
That’s why y’all ain’t gunna make any money
Let's go! RKT 🚀 don't fk me !!! (again)
Weed stocks. CGC and TLRY
Can zoom just get blown up already.  Such a stupid dumbass valuation on a flash in the pan.  It's as bad as WorldCom, Pets.com, or eToys back during the .com blowup.
Gunstocks would go up more with a dem win solely because people are afraid their guns will get taken. But they never do. Check out gun stock performance when Obama won
Ok amzn we can start drilling again
[deleted]
cgc calls
ICLN
RKT out here doing gods work right now
[deleted]
Where is the world ending crash?
R those head and shoulders 🤪
What positions did you do when fucking around?
[deleted]
What’s it saying?
Quit bitching and buy puts. This has been going on for literally months now.
tell her that it looks god damn awful
I read on Twitter that the secret to making money in the market is to get up early.
[deleted]
bought weekly puts this morning too, feeling good about them, its just a matter of when the next drop comes
what would you buy if you were 100% convinced Biden was gonna win?
What’s a good way to debit spread AMZN if you can’t afford an ATM call expiring Jan?
All Tim Apple had to do was provide a little guidance and we wouldn't be in this mess. Mr. Market is sending a message, "Whatever it is, it's too little too late."
It might. But also might not idk.
Because they can use election fears to knock it down cheaper while selling puts, and then buy shares and then let it cook post election knowing consumers will flock back during a lockdown probably. Look at France, banned from buying non-essential items in person, yet you can purchase anything you want from online retailers.
Money to be made selling puts if you like the company
Wow rkt went up today😯😯
QQQ wants to go red, SPY wants to go bigly green
SPXS, tomorrow red confirmed
I cant find it
REMOVE THE PLASTIC YOU FUCKING RETARD ARE YOU DAMAGED?
what are some toys to get for black Friday? kinda wanna get a drone but I feel like the novelty of shooting scenic shots runs out fast 

a telescope sounds nice but light pollution probably sucks
ZM new TSLA. Puts didn't get filled at open and I'm not trying to catch knives.
SUCK IT, JIN-YANG!
Would you look at that
Good job bro we mooning by 2022
They replaced mine and finally fixed it. They had to replace the motherboard. 

It's been fine since then.  Well, it is still super slow to dispense just a few pieces of ice, but it stopped freezing over.
Both gun and weed stocks are secularly up bigly today. People are placing bets for the big night eh?
yo nasdaq wtf
RKT dip buyers (me) are being rewarded ☺️
Fuck.You.IWM.You.Fucking.Fuck
[deleted]
Facebooks monthly chart looks like a penny stock
Lol nio $29 eod
lol it is
Do you mean higher in negatives? Or in a traditional sense like -3 is < -4
>The sub isn't about being right most of the time

Lol you got that right
Screw the haters. This TA prints me tendies. Keep posting this my dude.
Jesus Christ, Tim $AAPL, throw us a fucking bone. Last two events weren’t good.
Yeah right
You never know until you bet
Why is AMD not mooning right now??
Silicon Macs?
Same, APHA shares and $5 calls, GRWG $20 calls scooped up on dips last week were great. Might sell the shares here but fuck, could moon further
Link it then holy fuck
[deleted]
New Arm chip computer
Good job now they are going back up 😂😂😂😂
You deserve that 12k loss LOL enjoy another year of saving up retard 😂😂
[deleted]
Oof. That weekly SPY chart!
Who’s still FOMOing into ALGN? Lol puts it is.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Market Analysis on Election Weeeeeek

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmq4wq
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmq4wq) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/maxoptionstrading, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
woof6
bpcqd
Y’all crazy if y’all holding calls. I’d only get calls after trump is confirmed as president
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
All I know is I am not holding any aapl calls through “one more thing”. Whatever it is, it’s going to disappoint
NIO going to ATH eod
[deleted]
U fuk
[deleted]
I have faith in FitBit calls so I can’t really shit on anybody else
Why is VIX tanking, IV should be through the roof
[deleted]
Looking forward to the riots tomorrow and Wednesday
Get a life plz.
Gotcha, i actually have quite a bit of cash secured puts on them right now for 11/20 that is ITM, so likely will get assigned, which was my intention. So just wanted to see how the timing on this warrant situation would work. Thank you for the detailed explanation.
I just do it every Monday Wednesday and Friday. Monday’s usually have significant movements (more than 3 dollars). Wednesday are usually flat 10% gain. Friday being a tossup of being a mini Monday or a 15-20% gain.
Saw this morning they're releasing some new bundling subscription package... A collective "meh" at best, IMO.
When do they expire?
Good day for hyliion only a % down wow.
Where is the dump at
Lemme get one of those VIX spikes riiiiggght... *here*
[it's a reference to this Seinfeld scene] (https://youtu.be/KLOyChP2AWA)
You’re guaranteed losing money as opposed to the possibility of making money.

True autism.
Wow...thought last week, get long ZM @ 467. 438 is next, but damn. 345?
[deleted]
Any truth to the RKT offering auto loans and teaming with Vroom?
The best scene in Layer Cake is when the old rich guy tells Daniel Craig...

“Drug money is easy money, not real money”
Yes
Not the smartest, your right, won’t kill me so whatever
Holding apha, we so close
**CNBC: Apple Hosting Event Nov. 10**   

AAPL pump soon
So it might go up, or might go down? Riveting.
[deleted]
Damnit! I forgot to play that. Been on my mind since sept
[deleted]
Nah
Scrolling through WSB to read the daily DD, click here, found out I was #1 on WSB last week.   
 Feelsgoodman. Thanks for compiling!
[removed]
We’re holding they are trying to fuck both calls and puts before the dump. I’m holding onto a -40 percent put as well.
Apple will announce another Mac with $1,000 stand and your puts will be destroyed.
When i start thinking that its usually too late, switch to puts
This shit gonna at LEAST hit 327-328 before it bounce up if it is bouncing up
Im staying away until the election is settled, fuck this
That screenshot cost about 1k.
Feeling pretty good about selling OTM covered calls on RKT.  Max profit inbound.
Don’t know who needs to hear this but if you’re new to trading options, don’t buy an option with a theta that is higher than the delta. Unless you plan on selling it the same day you bought it.
I’m glad I got EOW puts on SPY but I’m really disappointed in not seeing profit sooner
[deleted]
[deleted]
i feel like a biden win would be good for tech because i dont think he's as interested in anti-trust, maybe market thinks they're overvalued? no clue tbh
[deleted]
Do you have a fucking link you retard
Y'all got some of that volume?
[removed]
Gypsy house, with plastic still on the fridge
Check options profit calculator.com
[deleted]
Unfortunately I think we’re gonna have to wait for the real action to start AH
Are u doing leaps or short calls?!
Have faith in the UPS calls my man if I only because I dont want to accept reality, at least do it for me homie
18k in May DKNG 50c and they are up 1% when DKNG is up 1%... literally would make the same via shares
rug pull kinda day
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Never thought I'd have actually got a good trade idea from Zero Hedge.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmpz4n
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmpz4n) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/gasfjhagskd, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Danktownmayor
hodl_for_the_moon
Couldnt u wait after election? Lol
$AAPL SPECIAL APPLE EVENT SCHEDULED FOR 10 AM PST ON NOVEMBER 10
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Lol
Go all in
calls on disappointment
Apple event 11/10 “one more thing” please save me Tim 🍏
Stonks? Just hold them... all blue chip
Okay ZM you can go back up now I’m sorry I missed selling your calls for profit this AM I swear I’ll sell once I break even again
Right one is the first, left one is the second.  Though both do fit both categories haha (which is the joke if you were making a joke)
Everyone is buying puts. So inverse that if you like money
Tim apple get your POS back to 120
Get bent
NIO volume starting to skyrocket
Get bent
Yes
[deleted]
Hold
[deleted]
"Market rises on good Apple product hopes".
You might be good in 4-5 years
NIO 🚀
Free money
[deleted]
Creepy af.
NIO has solar-powered rockets aimed at the moon. Best watch out, $36 eod.
You can give your soul to Jesus, but your ass belongs to WSB.
Cause no stimmy? Tho Long term that gives us the lowest volatility as nothing gets done, right?
Bearish
I thought day trades were only sells and buys dont matter but I could be wrong
How do you fuck up so badly
I think I’m SPY-POLAR
Holding my spy 300 puts. It’s chaos from tonight
I am in love
3 day trades
Yeah.  We had a Samsung fridge at work.  That thing sucked.  The ice agitator and dispenser kept freezing over.  I had to thaw that thing in the sink multiple times.
A toilet, that is where all my picks go anyway
[deleted]
Who’s ever keeping spy above 330, your moms a hoe
Printing decently on APHA 4.5 calls now. Should I sell and take my profits or wait for it to moon when biden wins and weed is legalized in 5 us states?
Yeah dude...You aren’t supposed to use options like discount coupons for stocks. Use them to hedge, or play the earnings lottery if you’re feeling adventurous. Hopefully this was an expensive lesson learned.
VIX taking... why
Someone remond me how is tsla and nio up?
Yeah I got the car for an absolute steal, one of the reasons I did it. I’m not sure what’s gonna happen with my life yet so I’m just going to stay at home, work as much as possible, pay off my little bit of student loans and drive a nice truck.
Puts
Your puts would be crucified
[deleted]
$1.50 is never coming close but maybe u get a little upside if it hits $130 in a timely manner. Still pretty unlikely tho.
Market trending down. Bulls in shambles.
Seriously lol
Hyliion is more like Drilliion
Bigly
Op we need positions 🤨
Yeah spending 10k on a fridge isn’t retarded at all.
Lmao everything you said there is wrong buddy. Go lose on puts some more kiddo
[deleted]
Tim Apple... wtf are you pullin here “one more thing... we forgot to tell you how overvalued we are...”
My man!
Hold long.
So I said I wasn’t going to do it, but I had to pull the trigger. Looks like NCLH fell to low $16.... I went ahead and sold 16 Puts 11/06/20 @ strike $15 which at the time gave me $469.38. Paid $10.62 in commissions, Charles Schwab still has commissions on options per contract.
It was coming up on when the ban expired.  Everyone knew that was going to happen if you even remotely follow those stocks.  And regardless it was a solid buy just based on support
ok so we all getting puts for tmrw ?
Another Apple Event Incoming.
If ZM breaks through 450 it’s going to be fucking DRILL SZN
I believe so.
SWBI

Biden wins = buy more guns because 'dem liberals will be after 'muh guns. 

Trump wins = buy more guns because 'dem liberals will riot and loot

Win-win for SWBI
Buying a single stock three times all different prices amd size amounts on Monday and selling all at once the same monday is 2 day trades? Or three?
Suck it Jin Yang!
If you're yoloing 40% of your money you still belong here tbh.
1. Ok
2. Cant scale like this forever if you knew how manufacturing worked you would realize how unsustainable this is.
3. Ok 40 years, still have honda, Kia, Toyota, tesla, all other mfgs are going to evs too and already have capability of mass producing cars
4. Not true
5. Keep buying nio
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
36 EOD.
[deleted]
SPY touched 332 and 329 today. Some bought calls at 332 and some bought puts at 329. They both are fucked. 

I am in later category bagholding $600 loss with 20 contracts of 325p expiring on 4th.

Sell or hold?
I lost 1k on puts today idk if I should cut loses there still 1.5k in value idk what to do either
Tsla puts
They've been purchased since the morning spike. Either sell EOD or hold for tmrw
Anyone else think SHOP 1000C a few months out is a no brainer? Expensive in absolute terms but I think high probability of winning
I dont believe in fancy crayons, market move up, market move down, u cant explain that
Look at LA https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJuARMQr/
Yeah that would be true, but prediction markets are favoring the outcome of a D House and D Senate right now. I personally think they are overestimating the odds of this happening, but it looks like this is how the bets are going down right now anyway.
We tanking at close right?
All depends. How long is your ding dong?
That’s why - it has already gone up an insane amount this year. Rotation to other sectors is starting
I think God spoke to me in a dream and told me to buy FD calls **and** FD puts.

But my brain says this week could be flat as fuck.
PSTH FTW!
Puts on my life
Its going to be a shit show lol
everything else: https://finviz.com/
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
THE BASS ABOUT TO DROP
you look like a man of culture who gets strangles and straddles and then is red on both puts and calls.
I believe in my man VIX. Got that dude's rookie card in a frame.
Is theta gang rich yet?
Do you think giving my life to Christ will save my 11/4 puts?
Think it’s the casino kinda gaming, not screens in mum’s basement
nice!!
Your mom is gonna fucking kill you
Yeah I mean I’m not giving investment advice but if the market goes up during a contested election... I fear for the future of our economic system as a whole
[deleted]
Money printer go *sad trombone sounds*
im going cash gang for elections.  risk reward.  IV is too high and at most I get like 30% and risk losing a lot more than that.

To chipotle!!!!
I wanna get puts to hedge but why are they so god damn expensive
Should i buy more
AMD leaps at 100  2 1/5 years what yall think
Does election fuck wit IV?
🚀
Fucking election needs to happened already, this shit is so boring
Just get a few hundred shares and sell iron condors all over the graph. On a short enough time scale, the price should basically be linear.
Debating buying puts right now or EOD? What are you guys doing?
Fuck it eod
**Reminder from 2004**

The electoral score between Bush and Kerry **at 5 in the morning** was:

Bush - 254

Kerry - 252
You're  getting down voted because reddit is run one sided by a faction of Democrats. You're  comment is a pretty honest/realistic view in my opinion.


Probably a few patrons of r/politics.
Pls exit.
How do you figure?
50 cents maybe
Anyone in SQ calls?
I need the drill to come now please.
where did all the CNBC panic go? they are such a fraud. 2 days ago they were shouting doom and gloom and now they are like, yeah everything is fine. clowns
NIO is back boys
[deleted]
800-273-8255
How many tendies in the icebox?
As promised yesterday I did buy popcorn. Prepared for a show on Nov 4th.
I'm in
[deleted]
I'm chuckling at SLV's squiggly-snake pattern for the day
Was afraid of the IV crush so I bought shares and set a trailing stop order instead.
I might be insane and retarded. Insane because I keep doing the same fomo bullshit and expect a different result and retarded because I 90% of the time bet incorrectly
NIO bouncing right off that 100ma. Almost exact.
Why are we taking this out on tech again, tech is one of the only industries that has thrived in this pandemic
Mr. Market: Fuck Apple. Now NKLA is a real stock.
0dte spy puts. Sell now and salvage some $$$ or be a true bear and hold till EOD?
THETA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Next level! This made my day.
Market playing dead to detract VIX and bears
I wanna see GME at 50 like it’s done before
🌚
tim apple shows up and says “fuck you guys” and just walks off
Ban. So clearly paper money it’s sad
Oh man to be on the selling side of THAT call...

I see you but TSLA has barely topped 500bil market cap at its peak. Meaning it’s lifetime gainz are at best 1/4th what AAPL needs in the next couple months.

Idk if that way of looking at it actually makes sense, but it certainly points out the absurd. In a perfect world Apple would need to innovate and generate 4X TSLA in a space where they don’t already dominate the market (before Jan).
Ah yes maybe this Apple event will be completely different than the last 2 and earnings 🚀- retards here
NIO calls a damn roller coaster. Day trades was down 45% 1.5k then within 20 mins it rebounded 56% lmao wtf
Cash gang will not ride with you to GONDOR
You'll be fine.
Going on second week of my big pharma company completely shut down by the state. We are maybe releasing 20% of the covid tests we actually need too. Won’t tell you the company cause that’s illegal but decent Covid outbreak after an amplicon contamination. Sent everyone home, still not going back. Got a printer today so I can work from home
Wouldn’t gaming be a Covid sector
I like how you have partially taken the plastic off your fridge.
Fsr is the new nikola. Convince me otherwise
Lol I just want us to push towards robots doing all the work ana yang is the sci fi candidate
"All new Macs are going to be made with AMD chips and AMD graphics cards."  

Then I'll be rich
They haven’t had tools for a while now...aside from press conferences
Bought in this morning SPY 11/9 $321p, hang in there bear gayng
Yo, that's the exact max amount that you donate to Pokimane. You know what time it is
I know this is satire, but I feel like brokers are only doing you a favor when they notify you of a margin call. They’re ready to sell all your holdings without your input anyways.
Why the fuck does a fridge need touchscreen
Yep
This is half the way. Good luck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Monday_(1987)
Why is your line green?
Still holding.  1/15/21 exp.  So...haven't sold at a loss...yet.  Autistic diamonds?
11/4 295 - no choice lmao
Come on 🚀 bust through and make me 🥜
I see NIO I upvote and buy.
best user interface of all ott streams. i agree.
[deleted]
MMs are at lunch, don’t worry it will go up once they come back and dump
Hmm.
Are you surprised to see him back in the game so soon?

Well, if he passed their protocol, even if he's shaken up a bit, the bears know that Michael VIX gives them by far the best chance to win even if he's not at 100%
I wouldn't recommend puts or going short.  I fully expect AUY to go to $7 or get bought.
VIX and SPY still trending up.  Who will win?
There is no red stock market. There is no green stock market. There is only the united stock market. And that market is fuk.
Nice keurig, pleb
puts on SPY, calls on gun stocks
Aye, can you watch porn on that thing?
Might be less profitable but today looks like a bump and sideways tomorrow. Biggest question will really be how hyped the stock looks. Keep tabs on HK 9988 (HK listed version of Baba denominated in HK dollars, ROUGHLY a USD). It will give you a half days head start on what the US market may look like.
Yeah I may pickup one or 2 more end of day because no way the market doesn’t go red on Election Day and the day after when no victor is announced
The aforementioned clowns contribute but they contribute every year. Given that we've already broken records and it isn't even black friday yet should indicate new customers are moving into the market and paying absurd prices because they don't know any better. I've never seen shortages this extensive or ammo prices this absurd. Increasing the amount of gun owners in a very short period will cause a demand shock for ammo.
Guess what my portfolio consists of? Apple puts. Guess who has news? Apple
sorry bro, communism not going to happen here lol, good luck with your fantasy tho.
Will this new apple event help my calls or sent them straight to $0.01?
I see $50 plus long term for Fubo honestly it’s a great sports streaming service. Cable is dying and sports betting is getting legalized in more and more states.
0 dte Uvxy calls free money rn
Short the vix tomorrow morning bro
thats not the title
Banks are not here for charity.
The Dems are unlikely to take the Senate imo which is bullish for tech.
I know originally i was thinking “man it’s all over the place” and then I’m like nah it’s just flat. I’m out for the day with a $1 profit because i forgot to close a position and lost $200
Positions? Strike price?
Why is your RH green?
Why I asked you cuck
You're welcome. Enjoy the tendies.
[deleted]
I need like 300% gain on my 11/20 calls to break even
Why post this here? Fucking high schoolers. This isn’t a karma whoring zero quality meme page like your life is. Please leave.
NIO <333
If it's a close race then prob sometime by the end of this week. Otherwise we will prob have a good idea who wins by tomorrow night
INTC will sell off as Apple moves to its own chips I wouldn’t want to be holding it till the event is over
My microwave.
Sometimes the coffee machine.
People say i need better tools but i think thats an excuse. If you are skillful enough you can make any tool work
Tomorrow probably
I too have CNBC
Why is VIX down???
Boeing calls it is. No positions on them yet, don't ban pls
Are you doing this consistently 3 times per week, or speculatively on days when you expect higher volatility or significant moves?
Sold my 11/20 $30C day after earnings due to the general market pullback and feeling like it was gonna be too far OTM and get hit with theta decay. Still holding $26C & $28Cs, will sell on market bounce later this week if it happens.
Agreed. Even Green Day’s like today don’t make me feel much better. Need a big lift from earnings to dig out of this hole. Those November’s most people are on are going to be rough.
[deleted]
Why is tech selling off so much? Pricing in a Biden win and stimulus or what?
By this logic, jump on FSLY, OSTK, and HYLN

Which I'm inclined to do if I had money
I mean I’m no fan of what Trump’s done with guns but it just takes one visit to Biden’s campaign website

I mean uhhh 11/4 SPY 330p
LLC is pass through for taxes and personal guarantee for debt usually

https://thecollegeinvestor.com/9652/setting-llc-investing/
Then they could’ve gone broke with celebrities like Nicolas Cage, instead they’re gonna go broke with us on UPS calls.
AAPL you dog!
Buy puts at the top of the range, buy calls at the bottom you scared trans bear. 

TLDR way too late
can this shit dump the fuck out already??
You guys think volatility tomorrow? A big move up or down?
Bull trap today. Doubled down on my SPY puts
It rebalances every day so that’s not the issue here. *Current* day TQQQ is tracking lower than QQQ.
Wut
NIO printed for me as well today.  Had $28 11/6c until I sold this morning after I saw the big spike.  

I’ll be looking for a big retraction to get back in during what will likely be a period of uncertainty and FUD around the election on Thursday morning.
Impossible but I would cream
Nah Nah Nah Nah NIO PUTS
We refuse to drill
[deleted]
[deleted]
Idk Tim, macs kinda just lost it for me.
That's a steal!!!
FOMO is the greatest retard strength
AAPL event Nov 10 at 10pst
Apple announces event for Nov. 10 where new Macs with Apple chips expected
1. They were literally getting so many orders but were unable to produce them cause of production. 

2. 100% growth year over year is literally insane

3. China government backs them up. Also China is trynna go full EV 2060 

4. I forgot Tesla sold 500k cars their first year of existence. NIO mkt cap is a tenth of Tesla so idk why you all upset

5. You dumb
Amen
Yeah Gus, great coverage downfield but VIX is clearly still hurting from that last shot he took on third down in the last series, you'd expect that he'd look to gain a few yards on the rollout here but instead he throws it away and avoids a big hit
Until the next stimulus check.
[removed]
My balls can’t handle another fake RKT rally! Not today!
Loading up on lotto tickets ahead of earnings. If cruise lines can jump after reporting negative revenues wait until a dying theater chain beats expected earnings
Its Chaddaq tyvm.
That’s my point. It’s been horrible for years
If Biden wins were good, I have calls as a gamble play.
I use my gameboy
[removed]
Thanks, I didn’t know it worked that way.
Motha fuckin flat Stanley market smh
Priced in bro
(Through gritted teeth) And the fucker's still not green.
Bulls about to be prolapsed, confirmed.
Yeah buy puts
[removed]
They should have went with Madoff if they wanted 25%/yr gains
Was looking at that
Risky play.  Covid-19 can ruin this stock.
[deleted]
Market is making bets on Biden rn.

Oil is going up because they're banking on increased regulations and decreased subsidies, which should tighten supply and/or just outright raise prices.

Certain stuff in industrials and construction is probably going up too in anticipation of infrastructure spending, but idk shit about those sectors.

This will probably be as good as it gets for tech if this what's going on and players may have already begun their rotations out a month ago or more.

disclaimer: just a humble retard's opinion
[deleted]
Anybody else feel like we're just waiting for bad news before we drop?
I just watched a Colbert monologue for the first time in years and I think this no audience, no laughtrack format is the closest thing to the Colbert Report
🤫
Yeah I wanted a Toyota Tacoma, but my car was just about to hit 100k and dump in trade in value, and I get the lowest employee pricing option from Ford. I only paid 70% of sticker price
Weirdly was eyeing BA this morning but didn't get any options, like an ex-gf you can't shake
I’m not buying your calls bro
Is this the RKT bottom?
Not yet. Waiting for 33% value. Normally go for 50%. But in this market, we all gotta take what we can get. People wanna ride the whale to tenditown. The real game though, is dodge, weave & don’t become shark poop. 🦈 💩 True story. Good luck! Stay vigilant.
SPY got no business being this fuckin flat
“Value investor” in this market. Lol ok
[Fridge Bad At Math](https://imgur.com/a/hV7CoJz) 

Edit: old link had full account number but basically I withdrew everything from my RH and just put it into my TOS+ Savings
Do it I did it
XLE, wow
Buying good stocks?😂😂
Please🐻🐻
Aapl news
And not even as part of a spread.
[removed]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
PFE   40.0|0.29|0.3|0.29|-0.02|46.006%


PFE 40.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawvgtn&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
Same! Let's get it!!
Donkey Kong
your $MOM
Yup
Super cool. Super legal.
FB drilling - 300c EOY
What is FB doing? Gotta be a buy soon?
[removed]
Spy Calls nov 3. As long as election isn't contested
.... right
So here's VIX back under center now, three receivers split right, back goes in motion to the left, Michael VIX takes the snap and drops back, going through his progression and he's gonna be flushed out of the pocket, moving to his left and he just throws this one away. He had nowhere to go with that one as good coverage down there forced the incompletion.
Relax buddy, nows your chance ya dingus
TQQQ limited down on Friday and caught a shortselling restriction. I think that might have something to do with it at least. Not sure
UVXY calls. 12/18 85c is what I’ve got
Cuz if tqq was at 100, and qqq goes down 1% then tqqq goes down 3% and is then at 97. If qqq goes back up 1% then tqqq goes up 3% to 99.91.
Spy bout to dump
The news about apple canning third-party repairs hasn't priced in. You might not be fully retarded just yet, but I don't think the tendies from all the extra repair orders will be here in three months
Amzn 11/20 $3200c
I don't even think so at this point.  I sold one call expiring in January against it to get some premium.
No mames, weyyy
Positions?
I don’t hate money THAT much
 [https://twitter.com/CNBCnow/status/1323310603679813640?s=20](https://twitter.com/CNBCnow/status/1323310603679813640?s=20)

 JUST IN: Apple announces event for Nov. 10 where new Macs with Apple chips expected
when you take uppers and downers together it’s called a straddle
Look what they did to my poor Chasdaq 😔
Lol why would you pay so much for OTM long dated contracts
[deleted]
Weird world we live in where I'm considering dumping AAPL for NIO and ICLN calls
Apple event just in time for Civil War.
As a value investor I’m loving this
Anyone thinking 200% OTM weed leaps for 2022. They dirt cheap rn and a massive short squeeze could occur!
I grabbed some $uvxy weekly calls at open. These are gonna print!!!!!
I just came

Thanks for the upvotes. If you would also like to donate i have a Paypal account
Usd? I’m like almost $11 CAD lol
This is boring as shit.  I'm actually getting real work done.
That's why you keep an eye on Toyota when you want to buy. Got mine 0% while interest rate was way more than now
That’s an extremely conservative estimate
Spy volume is going so dam low wonder if we will break under 100k for 10mins
Nah but definitely a few more weeks
One of us. One of us
Being a bear is hard man... it's like whacking with the wrong hand. I just want to go back to normal
My DGLY calls are paying off bigtime
Best option to put $5k in right now right now
You dipped the economy, you pumped the market, then you dipped again!
Any Chinese stock
In the next week hopefully. Almost certainly not tomorrow because of mail in ballots
[deleted]
I’d call it diamond handing but truly I’m just too lazy to exit and re enter positions
Whenever you buy a put, tell her to sell the same one. Can't lose that way *taps head*
blackberry key 2 LE
Buy GME nerds
What if the opposite of what happened on Friday happens today and SPY drops like $3 in the last 2 min of trading?
this is the way
You belong amongst us
Lol were still at 330 an hour later.
Anyone holding their spy puts to  worthlessness or expiration?
Damp eeeit
One word if you are tired of losing - WEED
lol apple event nov 10
That’s unreal to think about.
www.UpSolve.org
Bulls and bears both trapped! Nobody wins!
Man I hope you’re right
Its gonna go sideways and then drop towards eod. Bull and bear trap
He's retarded
Hahaha that's sooo good! I want one.
Probably, as a major binary event is over. But I would say if Trump/Biden has a small lead (<1000) in PA, FL, OH, TX, MI and the electoral count hinges on it, then there are going to be lawsuits and such for at least a month so VIX should stay pretty high. Doubtful that Biden concedes in the same timeframe as Hillary (i.e. Election night) unless it's painfully obvious and it would be highly doubtful for Trump conceding this week regardless of the gap.
[deleted]
It’s all coming together
gme plz :/
It’s heading there
I’ll get in if it gets in the 68s
But doesn't that show the opposite of "we have tools"?
When do they announce next Prez
This week starting green letzz goooo
Half of y’all are autistic
High volatility messes with returns, especially with high put volume. The leverage comes from options, which underperform on days like today.
Pre-split
Me, watching my opposing election plays both going +7% today 👀👀
I had somebody complaining to me about a Roth IRA only making them 3 grand off an $8,000 contribution in 2 years. Left their broker over it and ditched the account.
Paper hands
If we collective ignore that, it’ll disappear from our radars. Either way, it’s a speeding ticket for them.
Puts on waiting on a response from a hot chick
Come on Zuck, the fuck are you doing?
No guts no glory
[removed]
What are we thinkin about AMZN puts
Fuck me ive done 10 minutes of work all day. instead fucking around positioning for this election
Buy the $FSR dip!
Worth averaging down?
U better be right
Only if you have paper hands
Guaranteed total blowout
You're on the wrong subreddit for that.
After u/mannysteezu said it would tank I took out a 5mil dollar loan and went all in on spy 240p 11/4 if i lose money he get ban
Well he’s saying that the math doesn’t add up so there should be some combination of options that is profitable 100% of the time, then buy that combination until the prices realign
[deleted]
So that you can keep leftover tendies nearby to get you through the red winter?
Too poor for BNTX options so just loading up on PFE 11/20 40C even tho I know BNTX will shoot up a higher %
You mean to tell me that the guy who dropped out early and threw his support to Biden so he could help edge out the other two presumptive nominees might get an attaboy if Biden wins? What a fucking surprise, Einstein.
WORK calls. Easy money
Fun fact, I work with a couple gun manufacturers and they would prefer a Democrat victor, as gun sales rise exponentially due to fear of gun control laws.
Am I bag holding this mornings NIO calls?
damn there is alot of OI on this for the 11/20 $4.00 calls. whats your positions op
COTY breaking out
I got an FD for Friday. Knowing this market AMC is going to be $40 after earnings.
Super bullish
Life is too short so love the puts you got
shit.  i guess i'm the retard.
SPY 330 and QQQ 270 and refusing to budge.... next 15m gunna get wild possibly.
Lol
No. No. And no.
They shook me out of my shorts.... Feels bad
Milliomaires
Maybe they'll find out that AMD GPUs cause testicular cancer and the stock will finally go  up
Degenerate fucks, all of us.
why
Stop, so much regret not getting it at 200,10
If amzn msft and aapl fall the whole market will follow
The market has been pricing in some degree of expected election chaos all month. The question is, will things go smoother than expected or not? Nobody knows the answer to that and the market certainly doesn't know. So everybody is just trading based on the ordinary technical indicators now. People are shorting at resistance (331.5 currently) and buying off support.

I'm still holding because I bought an aggressive position in the last five minutes of the day on Friday that I expected to unload at the last second for a quick profit during an EOD dump before the weekend. Instead we got that $2 green candle and now I'm trapped. These puts will expire worthless on Wednesday if the market doesn't go test 320, which is a coin flip
I honestly think NIO has a better chance to hit 150
For better or worse. Wouldn't mind a little pump from him, but homeboy is meeting Justin Trudeau and getting shit done, so it's ok.
You obviously haven’t been paying attention. The results won’t be ready tomorrow because PA and NC are accepting mail in ballots up to 3 days after tomorrow. Unless it’s a total blow out we won’t know til end of week
How's your day going?    Lol
I know as soon as I say enough is enough everything will rebound
So far all my calls and puts are in the red. Good start!
EOD dump seems so obvious like Friday, probably gonna pump on nothing watch
Thank you!!
No, let it stay up. Everytime a retard posts something, just do almost the exact opposite.
wtf rcl went from -3% to green because nclh suspends sailing through dec and that is bullish apparently
holy shit
Yeah I've done it over and over. I bought a bunch of super cheap PINS calls last monday and sold em at break even to buy some bullshit. Only to watch PINS shoot in to outerapace days later!!! Oh well
you must like it by then right?
How the hell would you do that?
Okay why did it drop when he was still the President. Not sure where you’re going with this.
330.30 purgatory
TLT calls and spxs share
[HERE YOU GO. PEELING IT](https://imgur.com/gallery/YlDoKyV)
Susan Tedeschi makes me cry a lot
They lost a patent lawsuit and have to pay out 500 mil. Came out over the weekend
biden winning would be good for TSLA right? TSLA boosting causes NIO to boost too? im going to be rich from NIO??
keep going dude

congrats
I know
😉
Chinese company stocks scare me
[deleted]
AMZN still drilling after smashing earnings, what?
My Houdini spread iron butterfly eagle Rambo play looking real nice right now
[deleted]
calls on samsung
CVX setting me up for a fatty rug pull when the blue wave hits
the numb feeling when looking at your options expire worthless
[deleted]
Mercury in retrograde bro
Or stay at 0 basically
Yeah i also trade on degiro. Those numbers refer to dollars you don’t follow us stocks in euros
nio do your thing this week please
Yes dump like the dumpster fire that 2020 is
Doubt it. With cases rising, people are not worried about buying no damn phone anytime soon.
Flat while the market waits for the election
hang dai, Wu  🤞

cocksucker
With good news, they could make it up very quickly indeed, but ultimately they make it up with earnings. If the company is earning more than they're "losing" by paying dividends each year (or quarter), the chart will tend higher even as investors get distributions.

Companies paying dividends that exceed earnings will weaken their balance sheet and potentially be unable to afford dividends or growth investments. Yikes!
Also won’t be racially motivated riots so the police won’t be politically in a position to stand by and watch
FROG calls for earnings this week. Should be very strong.
China stocks drop when Trump is reelected tomorrow. Be wary of NIO
Sucks- have to split everything with my moms boyfriend because he’s letting me use his iPad
QQQ needs to go red
oh damn. Good luck out there.
[deleted]
Imagine...guh.
I've watched gay porn less gay than this market
This is bearish? Someone sold a lot of spy in dark pools, anyway i bought a bunch of 0dte puts, probably exit soon if we keep going down
Lol, pricing in dividends!? Pricing in a whole lot more then that and not done yet
or leave them as is.
I know I’m just saying stupid things to make myself feel better about my bags
Guess I need to do a deep dive. Seriously, thanks for that!
Would not be surprised
? Fuck others the way you want to be fucked?
Nobody wants a new iPhone. Everybody wants a fucking vacation.  


Tomorrow: AAPL acquires CCL
When I want to know how the markets are doing I check WSB
Msft 200 gonna be back on the menu
Do your homework 😂 look what spy is doing.
Lmao Liz and Bernie will be shut out guaranteed. But Pete Buttplug will get a position just watch
Sleepy Joe should be pushing that.. "Make politics boring again"
GDX and SLV looking real nice
he was still president
Whew lawdy. Bullish then because she was going to pursue Glass Steagal revival (as she said in the primaries several times)
AMC only goes up from here boyos get your weeklies while they fresh
how low do you want it to go? it’s already below the lowest estimate price target of 37
On average, election day tends to be green and the day after election tends to be red. This time, both will be blood green.
On the long term yes short term, it's a fucking kangaroo smoking crack in a rollercoaster
KCAC
I know this is probably a retarded question but why is TQQQ not 3x QQQ today? It’s tracking the exact same returns.
Get out of your calls now. Trust
No one is pricing in anything. That’s what happening they are just waiting like us
Most of us got burned on AMD stock options. If you're going that route, I'm afraid the price in won't be enough to make decent returns. Your best bet is probably covered puts right now. Let the autists buy your puts expecting to exercise due to Election Week.
Idk bro I’m pretty fucked
Real action is Wednesday through EOY
Not how dividends work
[deleted]
he's flexing for his mom
GDX might be the move if markets dump a good bit after elections 2023 leaps are even looking good
Just close your app and come back before 2mins to market close. That's when the actual shit happens anyway.
Nah this was planned months ago, people even made videos on the upcoming changes. Probably a delayed response from the Riots earlier in the year. A fence isn’t going to keep the US military out, if they need to go in and pull Trump out.
Fuuuuck yea I was ready 5mins ago
......means he's going to win and he's expecting the liberal pansies to throw another hissy fit.
Apple and amd are such weak company’s. Take em out back already.
I use my garbage disposal.
I think I’m one of the few who doesn’t expect to see wide spread civil unrest following the election. Perhaps pockets of people acting up but I don’t think it will compare to the original George Floyd riots. Police departments around the country won’t be caught off guard again and I believe the majority of people are sick of the nonsense.
Possibly. Was just skimming and only saw “Daily discussion thread” so I figured they were all from wsb

My b
Need a 10 bagger from AMD this week. That’d be real nice
Futures
Kamala got us printing $$$$$$$$$$$ already loooool
I want to see them cry once Joe lose
Payphone or walk into the brokerage office
Been fuk for 3 months now
The Corona double dip is lethal
Ah another fellow retard from degiro. Holy fuck 60k bro how heavy are your balls. Wanna have a gambling night i wanna see you bet those in bj 😂
$AAPL down and not mooning with everyone else? Now that’s just unfair. Guess they’re pricing in dividends.
UVXY shares
[deleted]
Everything is bullish so why not
Factory screen protector?
Gotta win first tho
Fam if MSFT goes below 200 its over. Stonk is dead.
What position?
Grab some nio puts early this morning. They gonna print hard because wsb obsessed with it
You could be right that CN EV production competition becomes a 0-sum game for business in the next couple years. 

But, we could be underestimating China’s production capabilities and greater commitment to EV’s. The fact that NIO is going to be stuck co-oping with the CHINESE gov might not turn out to be as limiting a factor in that regard. We will see, TSLA to the moon either way.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/gogelmob don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
First time?
I’m going to bet demand for the latest products is through the roof.
Sounds like you should be able to profit on arbitrage
Long ball Larry
You think making money in the stock market is that easy???
Buying up all of Malborro's cousin CRON (MARIJUANA STOCK) & I am enjoying the gains. Will keep buying it up as it rallies into election with so much BIDEN WINNING NEWS!!!!!!!!
Still plenty of time for that yet
Judging by his name... he is very serious.
[deleted]
VXX boner
Red or green tm boys how we feeling
r/politics really needs to be renamed to r/redditleftyclub or something.
That fuckery this morning pissed me off!!! I made a quick few hundred and by the time I got out of the shower I sold down 30$. I would've loved to have traded before the days of market manipulation.
Congrats, can I hold 10K?
how did you trade it?
He bought?
Okay good point
So who had FTCH calls?
Thought on ETSY at this price? 🤔
Doo doo do do do. Do ba do ba do do
Bullish?

***US Democratic political advisers say Elizabeth Warren has extremely low odds of being named Treasury Secretary, according to FBN's Gasparino***
Big boys drilling about to need drill team 6
MMM doing work
lol
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPXS   6.0|0.54|0.55|0.55|-0.15|112.706%


SPXS 6.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawuud2&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Try shilling for china and you can banned in so many sub reddits too.  Reddit is not freedom of speech.
That was a dirty move lol. We live in a world where NIO saved my AMD calls lol wtf
Calls on fiber one bars
QQQ testing that 270 support again
[deleted]
Dayum. Well done dude. I’ve just been doing monthly calls. Thinking about doing weeklies tho this week
[removed]
sell my SPXS 6c 11/20? Down 20%
Wait 45 mins
Fellow tech call restards, how fucked are we???
It gapped up and has been going sideways, how am I trippin?
It doesn’t end here imo
I did that at spy puts and I'm down 250 lol
IV is kill, stonks up after election uncertainty is over
I would risk being beat up just to get the satisfaction of peeling it (or just to not be mildly infuriated every time I look at that shit).
It's still going down
this is why we need a big crash. too many retards out there with cozy jobs can make some BS
One day we'll find out that there was never such thing as a market and prices were always determined by some computer located in DC and not buying/selling action.
theta was too high for my liking, delta was too low as well. Just a recipe for money burning
Great time to last minute hedge
Brody just do the 3 large 3 topping pizza for 7.99 at Dominos or the Big Dinner Box from Pizza Hut
Not freedom notation, that's for sure.
Such a fraudulent market. SPY mooning but puts are still expensive. The derivatives math doesn’t even check out. Manipulation.
Trends
going to play theta for the rest of the year. good luck you retards
Why is the sky blue? Why is water wet?
Bear trap or bull trap???? Will we ever know
Really... Cause it looks pretty deflated
Sell
[deleted]
trippin
You blind
Imagine thinking the federal reserve does anything to move stock prices week to week
Fucking finally. Been bagholding since it was at $34
Banks up pretty bigly rn
[deleted]
Oh you sold naked calls. That could actually hit tho. Did you take profit?
just YOLO’d lol
AMC\*
do it retard
Baby's first triple win.
Early in the morning, risin' to the street
Light me up that cigarette and I'll strap shoes on my feet
Got to find a reason, reason things went wrong
Got to find a reason why my money's all gone
Apple dropping again
[removed]
Hold!!!!!!!
Doubled puts. Easy money
Covid cases are spiking , countries are locking down, No stimulus and we are on the verge of the most controversial election ever = SPY up
I just woke up and was too late to sell my calls too.
Ammo hoarders could make some serious gains right now if they were smart.
buy stonks and sell calls is the way
AMZN and AAPL calls seemed like a zero risk play this morning so did not get calls. Should have gotten puts though
dont fucking get it either. not complaining tho, slowly getting out of that RDS hole -- or so
If only Xilinx didn't exist...
MSFT isnt below 200 so we good fam.
inverse WSB they said
I'm not buying more until it's sub 2850 at least
All the DD I need! I'm back in
Now that YOLOed $25k into AMD calls, does anyone have like $3 coupon code for pizzahut or papajhones?
lol are you for real?
~~There’s no history of you commenting in r/politics in the past few days.~~
Which Greek made you not buy puts?
Bear traps all over today lol it's a mined camp right now.
Going to get a haircut, PINS better be back in the 57s when I get home.
We not talking about vix dropping like a brick ?
Jump on NIO calls letsssss gooooooooo 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Bleeding bad
What’s propping the spy up today? 

Are the little s&p 500 guys going up or something? I know it aint big tech...
Love my boomer tickers today....GE and BA about to break up again and keep my calls I nabbed this morning printing.
Imagine thinking JPow will allow a red or even a flat election week when he's been working for this all year.
Retard with a nice truck
ARM Macs will increase their margin by at least 2pp tho, does nobody see that?
What a boring day
well Gus, VIX walked off the field slowly under his own power and they're looking at him on the sideline, at this point they're treating him as though he just got the wind knocked out of him but of course they'll be required to go through concussion protocol
[deleted]
Spy puts
Proof or ban
Ask to see an itemized deduction. Usually they just lower the cost of the bill.
‘Sold’ OTM calls to someone ‘buying’ OTM calls. Doesn’t need to go to 36, it’s called underwriting. But I’m sure u understand that concept. FD to $0 people.
Old man stocks where it’s at today
You can't even place a spread order there, you need to order the legs separately. It sucks. Just switch to IBKR, commisions are similar, plus you get way better fills.
Except the last 3 did hot have Rona, stimmy holdup and an economy on a cliff to deal with.
Yolo some more into it
horribly thank you though how are your calls doing?
The volume on nio is retarded
TEN getting killed
[deleted]
Should have invested in plywood smh. Shops and banks starting to board up again in NYC.
What sort it insane notation is THAT
If I played options with my 1k , I would have lost it all. I went from 11k to 1k with options and then I went from 1k to 11k with stonks. Now I am at 7k because of options.
U r worse
Next president doesnt take office until January anyway. Even if he loses it's not like he has to leave tomorrow. This means nothing.
its almost as if theres a method of how options are priced that can explain why
That’s very hard to come by tho. 2.74 after direct deposit is still very good I think.
This going to $40 by February of 2021
Energy
Its hard to make any picks right now because the macro market is gonna be the controlling factor.

But what are ppls thoughts on Canada goose since people are going to want to get outside and they’re basically the Apple of outerwear?
[deleted]
Just follow the r/tuesday sub. 
r/politics is actually r/radicalcommies now
Not enough leverage, should be up 200%, down 150% at least.
fuck if i didn't know the greeks I woulda copped some spy puts last friday, thank god I understand the basis of my retardation
Wow they bought the fuck out of the NIO dip
Oil up + DOW up + tech sliding? Maybe MMs liked Trump Gangs weekend antics lol. 

That and the swing state numbers increase
Hopefully
[deleted]
Ok it’s nap time wake me up at 3:55
you cant be serious>
[deleted]
it’s diamonds hands if you didn’t sell at a loss. it’s autism hands if you didn’t sell at over 1000% gain. don’t associate yourself with smart ppl
I'm guessing he needs go clear it with his parents first.
So if you're still holding, does your TA suggest your puts still have a chance?
Ah yes, the strong and defined support of 329.42 is in play.

Makes sense
Had em early thank god. Up 30% today
This is the dumbest and greatest post I've ever read!!!!
Idek why people even bother with those anymore.... nothing is going to happen and they’ll just say “we have tools...”
What tickets are holding up SPY? Biggest cap stocks are down?
Quiet you, I need people to sell to
I need dd fast have to pay med bills
Yah bro talk about ditching 12 Jan Calls at .21 Each..
It seems small green in early morning and then red rest of day. This stock has probably had like 2 Green Day’s the last month
You want to buy it? No refunds
My breakeven is $8 T_T
I think I forgot to tell him. 💀
[deleted]
not gonna go up until prob 100 support, get leaps then
$GOOGL calls just to flex on this guy
I sold out of FSLY this morning. Can anyone tell me why this is a long term hold? I thought Tik Tok was their only major business driver. Kind of reminds me of KING gaming during Candy Crushes peak.
Let me help you, when it’s green you sell. And you keep doing that over and over and over ...
Red
Store Capital is a REIT with their earnings this Thursday 11/5 as well. Ticker is STOR, calls it is baby
Imagine looking back 5 years from now and going “yeah bro, sold amzn at 3k”
[deleted]
Tomorrow Vermin Supreme shocks the world and the market by winning in a landslide, followed by all pony related stocks mooning.
Same, why can’t everyone speak
$1800 to throw at an overnight hold. What're your moves?
$XLE fucking ripping
New iPhone kinda sucks
EZ money
Rug pull got canceled. Now the new play is pump to the moon.
apple n amazon down hella n spy 🕵️‍♂️ says i am the captain now
I gained $700 on a call option that still has another year for nio. Will we moon even more?
I just got banned in r/politics for supporting donnie. Very legal
Brent oil literally made an 10% intraday movement
wait a few days till its like 2600
> data

> indications

You keep saying this but aren’t providing anything concrete. Sure there was portfolio rebalancing, but DXY has found support above 94. Even on days where the market is up, DXY stays up. To me, that’s a bearish indicator. 

But if you’re going to talk about “data” and “indicators” but not actually specify what you mean then I think you’re just bullshitting.
8
What do you think retard
Yeah I mean they gotta price in a recovery of some sort.
Why is Apple going down ffs?!
I think a lot of retarded investors think that they're the next $NKLA without informing themselves. Their CEO is quite the opposite of Trevor Milton
why are oil stocks up so much 🥱
Fuck this market. Up %2 one week down %1,5 the next
Oh I know, I'll sell all my 10 PWR calls I've been holding and bleeding for weeks   to buy vix calls 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡

 https://imgur.com/LnJGxX0.jpg

 https://imgur.com/Vulqmcw.jpg

 https://imgur.com/0Vg6254.jpg

 https://imgur.com/AXiA8mn.jpg
always has been. The oldest generations no longer care, the youngest generations don't know shit, the generations in between never get any real power.
$rope
[deleted]
This actually makes me think you found the next big thing.
Sell the options. Then you make money 😉. I IV crushed so many calls and puts over the last earnings week lol.
I just need those positions to print so I can buy a plaid Tesla Model S and a new motorcycle. Oh and a beach house. Yeah that’s all
How are your spy puts you opened eod Friday doing boys?
I a bought 31K (55) NIO 40Cs for May. I think longer calls for NIO are the way to go, plenty of room to run. NIO bears wanna cry about it but they literally can only make money scalping or on a lucky weekly.
To a degree this sub just reflects general sentiment.  If there is mania driving a bubble, you can tune in here to see the mania.  If there is pessimism driving a drop, you can tune in here to see the pessimism.  This sub is useless as predicting trends.  When people on here are predicting the future, those predictions are much more useful at explaining todays movements than to accurately determine anything about the future.
AMZN IV got smacked today. look to enter options, thank me later
Puts on your Anus
I got hungry looking at your spaghetti mess of charts.
Spy is mooning yet Spy puts are so expensive lmal
Biden win priced in
Another Fake QQQ pump ?
DKNG........please someone tell me where the hell these guys are going? Up, down, flat?  (“In a Van down by the river”)   Why?
fed is painting the tape for big players who are smarter than the fed and know what the fed is going to do in advance, that’s just a fact
My lip gloss is cool my lip gloss is poppin
Lol definitely true.
Nio V shape? Would make many dicks bigly rn.
What a Loopehole I didn't know that ignoring a call means they can't take it from you! 

Brilliant
Hedge w/ PLTR
Bumpy
You could have turned 1k into 11k X 100 with options
I heard that last night around here but wasn't sure if it was legit. Yea that seems reasonable then, thanks.
Anyone has an eye on NIU? Moved pretty solid
I bought 11/6 BAC calls. Get your puts in now to make some tendies. I did it for you bois
[deleted]
Wow spy up $0.80 today let's go bulls
There is still hope, I think 100 is possible by December
TA - trend activity, right?
Yours doesn’t?
CAlls or puts
yea I wondered about this, I know social media feeds us what it thinks we want to see, but I have only seen people swopping to Trump throughout the last months, as well as way more support for Trump, and some surprising influencers changing camp too. at this moment I expect Trump to be a landslide, but will be interesting to see if it is just social media feeding me algo driven context. which would be odd since most social media sites seem driven to support Biden.
If you don't see it, it isn't real.
They are listed in the Frankfurt exchange.
Fuck nio for going up
My bull spreads are not laughing.
Calls on my abs
Does that mean anything? Lol there’s a buyer and seller
DGLY 🚀
[removed]
which is why I suspect that Robinhood traders are such a perceived threat to the establishment.  We don't know what the fuck crayons are for other than eating. You see a double top, we see a moon ride. You see volatility, we see a moon ride.  You see a 20% crash in one day on all major indices? we see a moon ride.  Stonks only go up, right?  If enough people stop learning the "rules" of the market, it becomes the wild west and nobody can predict anything anymore, regardless of their TA skills
Look at this article from the BBC: ”Markets rise after lockdowns prompt oil price plunge”

Guess locckdowns are bullish af after all.
Corcut breakers confirmed
$69
Stocks rise in anticipation of tomorrow being a Tuesday.
Thank you FSR for making my account big green today, thinking about selling covered calls on it soon
I’m holding calls that expire next year and have been playing weekly/monthly calls on the way up and it’s been working pretty well so far. Anything I sell will he used to buy leaps that’s for sure
So.... that only leaves raising rates, which will tank everything?
the day is far from over
Should listen to: 1. CNBC, 2. JPM Analyst, 3.Flip a Coin, 4. just buy Tesla
AMZN road to 4K
Options are speculating. Stocks are investment.
I got 330 puts - drop bitch
Does anyone else just listen to blues and cry a bunch and hope things get better? I’m so emotionally volatile :/
327
Tell us how it goes, I am interested as well.
Oh snap, you the dude on stocktwit i saw a day ago and was like wtf with that amount of shares. Glad to know its the prpl kings lol.
Bears are in denial.
When the market's unstable, you don't stir the fat, George! You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to run around the stadium and close all the windows. That's where I'm going, pal. And I'll tell you something else. I'm very nervous!
Nokia, Enron and my ex
[deleted]
Whats their symbol?
thank
Gun stock calls fucking printing wtf thank god for this yolo
Search under "warrants"
Pypl puts? Even if they beat
Ah you're right actually
I thought you meant retail
I don't think they'd hire someone that young 
And if they do it isnt common 
Most warehouse jobs are picky sometimes
No.
My bottom has been clarified enough ty
That better be the bottom near term for amzn reeeeee
[deleted]
You want a laugh? Look at the FSLY 6 month chart
Yo my butt hurts. Nothing to do with the stock market but like my actual butt hurts and I don’t know why. Whatever I ate has apparently become pointy and far too solid.
PAYPAL BUY OR DITCH
that's when we really crash
Wood is expensive rn
[deleted]
[https://i.ibb.co/sRF9zZN/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/sRF9zZN/image.png)

Huge SPY dark pool share print just in

1,000,000 | $329.59 | $330,000,000
kick amazon out of spy, they have proven they're not worthy.
Double down later
I have 135C down a lot.
Not going negative.
Lol every time I mention APHA will moon in here due to election, some cuck will always say it won’t because it’s not being legalized. It doesn’t matter. Hype matters. Who was that cuck yesterday? He had a duck 🦆in his flair
Not to sound like a fucking retard but I’ve always been a car guy. I almost went super retard and got a used Audi A4, monthly payment would’ve been less but if it broke, I’d turn broke. And depreciation would’ve raped me
The price of the amzn call I sold this morning has gone up while the stock is dropping wtf
Why would i buy gold if i hate kids?
GRWG
What's going on with crox?
333
No I fixed it, Chrome removed it somehow, and the hack had an update, works great now!
[deleted]
Yeah, dont know what ill do if I lose that $2.
Tesla Model X, duh
Incoming corcut breakers
Mr. Bot. Churning out hundreds of nonsense articles every day.
someone fucking buy SPR or something fuck

This 2+ percent *up* puts it at March lows lmao

LMT come in and buy the whole fucking thing, fuck it
Would be useful to learn about
Glad I sold my FB call this morning. Shit is bleeding haha
So tempting though
or do nothing like theyve been doing
Buy calls they said, rich they said lmao
Hold strong. 6000 gpu lineup, Intel whupping cpus, and next gen consoles bringing much profit. 

Your still a legitimate retard though.
Where were you 2 hours ago to tell me this?
My 3 years old painted using green, bears are fucked
anyone buy the amazon dip?
There will be a rally regardless of who wins
[deleted]
[removed]
yeah!! maybe later on today tho
its stuck
If by up you mean down 100%...then yes...
Let me know your next move before you buy
Huh
Fed played balance sheet games last week to not show they been buying more shit. This week will be interesting.
If Apple and amazon weren’t down we’d probably have a 3% day on the S&P today fam
isn't that how the entire economy works? :wondering:
They get paid in rabbit pellets if that makes you feel better
I hope all you bears turn hetero
336
I use Degiro and find options to be very hard to parse. Is this the reason why Degiro is for autists?
Calm down cnn
[deleted]
All these MMS keeping snap afloat so the puts they sold aren’t worthless are going to hell
Fomc was pushed to Tuesday Wednesday according to investing. Should be an interesting week. They only have like 2 thing left. Negative rates or raise rates, right?
Why do you think I came all this way?
Personally, yes. But I got downvoted to hell and back this morning for stating it publically.
[deleted]
These pumps are so fucking low volume it’s retarded
Just take a look at TSLA presplit when you have a bunch of retards buying $2000C when it was below $1000. I'm a theta player who sell OTM to WSB retards but I make sure to manage my risks accordingly. My rule is to never enter an infinite risk position and DTE has to be less than 45 days
Lumber liquidators. Proves profit but no guidance and moons 18% lol. Wtf.
[deleted]
Bro it is only gains if  you sell, please confirm you did. Pigs get slaughtered.
Probably because they’re like >50% of what I’m holding.
Wipe down your fridge it's got smudges all over it
You mean the goverment owned factory which nio has to share with other to produce EV's becomes less exponentional? There is only exponentional growth in the car factorys from Tesla imo the way they manufacture and get changes done quick inside there factory's is out of this world. Go ahead buy nio stock get 50-100% gain i just keep my money in Tesla gonna 5-10x
328
dont forget to pick up TAN before bag o bones snags that presidency
Retards don’t buy any new NIO calls until election. Don’t FOMO and loose your money. May be start buying after fee weeks.
they were still dot matrix, they didn't go brrrr, they went dotttotttdotttdottttdott
I just realized that my desk calendar is still on Feb 2020.  Good times.
No idea what that is
You must be retarded to have paid for a screen on your fridge
I also like to set money on fire
By end Of day today’s candle will end a long green dick candle with the tiniest wick at the top
spy lied sir
yes, fucking miners is illegal
Have old 90c exp December. 😩😩
323
Because of how stock market works
Keep your positions small he said, on WallStreetBets. WallStreetBets where balls deep and irresponsible are the only two common traits every degenerate shares.
If "they" is /r/wallstreetbets then welcome aboard you def belong here
[deleted]
$300
My portfolio just took a nosedive. My order for NVDA puts wouldn’t fill since it kept dropping, so I said fuck it and just put a order in at the price it was at. Check out NVDA last candle,
3/21 125c.  Bought them like a month ago.  Died two days later.  Just dragging the corpses around now.
SPY EOD prediction?
He lost $50 and is crying lol hope he gets banned
[deleted]
are we seriously having a flat fucking day? After all that Black Monday talk? jfc
If its known its priced in.
Or too lazy to peel shit off
Good time to average down, unless you shot your whole load.
I'm long CRON and it's mooning. =D
Why Apple Microsoft and Amazon  are down when everything is up
What are the spiritual implications of praying for a market crash?
You keep saying that; In the future, does something happen to the Earth's gravitational field?
Idk I just don’t understand the need for more than a $15k truck just me tho. Enjoy the trucc
“put all your eggs in one basket, and then watch that basket.” - Andrew Carnegie
Everyone is up at least 100% today right?
We were trading below the bottom bollinger band. Nothing drops or rises in a straight line. Even in March there were big green days on the way down and big red days on the way up. We could see 2 days of buying even with chaotic election news. 

If you want to buy puts, you have to time your entries and set a trailing stop loss. Maybe buy puts at 331.5 and be prepared to lose 25% and bail on the trade if it keeps rising. 

Feel bad for the TA deniers here. 

Disclaimer- I didn't follow my own rules and i am trapped holding puts right now.
Hey Carnival.... go fuck youself! All theme boomers that love your Petri dish boats so much bouts to check out on the rona wave so just crash and get it over with!
Someone reassure me spy will drop dead like my erectile dysfunction today😣
Anyone think FSLY is a long term buy at these levels?
It's all of these things and none of them simultaneously.
AAPL you d3ead piece of poop
I expected more chaos
My go to move
$NIO gang stand up
whenever you buy, so please let us know
The person who publishes the articles "Stocks rise on ____" has the easiest job in history
Yes actually there is
i mean yeah what i said below but also, yeah why not? i don't collect them for monetary appreciation, but historical appreciation.
Buy gold. Please, someone think of the miners!!
lol it's up since then, why would I want to imagine losing money?
Lol
What do we tell death? **NOT TODAY**
They’re mostly 11/20, my 11/6 are fucked at this point. I could average down if i sold stock, It would be make or break my account based on what happens after the election.
just bought a call on AMC, fuck it.
Yeah the way nio is going up the strong support from retards like me but it’s a big investment for me I put in all my profits
Oh boy I fucked up today didn't I?
$5
[deleted]
You have me doing some research currently. I’m assuming this is a touch undervalued currently depending on when the merger takes place. Thinking about gambling on it
this comment was also priced in.
If that happens, you're invited to my party.
I'm from the past. Should have stopped trading in August.
In the last 3 elections, VIX dropped like 50% in the week after so it will probably happen again.
damn mm's flexing hard today
Holy fuck this options market is out of whack. Down over 10% on calls I bought Friday before the run up
CLX puts? 11/6?
Really reaching for that comparison but I like it.
800
Dhammmpieeeet
It is imperative that you get on line with a certified Microsoft technician - at least level 5 . They will connect with your account and issue you a refund after that !
It’s In Jan
Just be patient. Earnings is the 17th. It’ll shoot up to 40 me thinks around then. I’d sell before earnings tho that’s me.
Yeah, sorry, Just updated my post. There’s an ongoing class action lawsuit involving them. I’d look at your model number and check online to see if it’s affected.
CMON, MAN
Fuck this. I’m going to play golf with randos.
Don’t know much about chamath, but he is killing it.
MSOS
vix upgraded to overweight
BREAKING: This market is gay
Wow look at mr big words over here
Man the auto-debt cycle is disgusting. A guy that works for me had his car repo'd, he went out and immediately bought a new $30k vehicle with no verifiable income and bad credit. Mine was slightly more expensive, I have a shorter term on my loan, and his payment is DOUBLE mine. Like wtf. Basically they just collect usurious interest for a year or two until he can't keep up or wants a new whip. They profit so much off the interest that its greater than the repo expense & writedown.
I mean the most he'll lose is about 11k to 12k so it's not exactly a risky play
where is NIOs realistic top
I should’ve just sold snap puts this morning. This son of a bitch never lets you win
weed

solar

guns

anything tech or China-related long term
VXX and UVXY calls printing a bit. Now just need SPY to shit itself and I’m in business
This as well. I “invest” in speculative stocks and options while I dump all of my gf’s money into boring ass ETFs and blue chip stocks. Her % return this year has beaten mine of course. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Q4 earnings from the consoles and PC's
Try copying the headline and going from the Google search result
Is there a volatility index for the volatility index. Need to drill deeper
NO PUTS EVER!
Good you try with tiny money to learn
EV cars. Solar.
Yeah I travel over 6 months out of the year so why buy a house.
and VIX is still down, he was absolutely drilled after he let that last pass go, Softbank was bearing down on him and got in a clean shot, he's slow to get up. oh boy, the bears can ill afford to lose VIX here. we'll step away as they tend to VIX
weed
Bears: The virus is raging.

Bulls: Priced in baby.

Bears: Riots in the streets.

Bulls: Priced in baby.

Bears: Stimmy failed.

Bulls: Priced in baby.

Bears: Europe is shutting down again.

Bulls: Priced in baby.

Bears: Election uncertainties.

Bulls: Priced in baby.

Bears: VIX is mooning hard.

Bulls: Priced in baby.
Big buyer of Dec-11 3000C on AMZN

It had zero OI going into today and some whale loaded 15M of calls today.
Hyliion filed paperwork last week simply stating to the SEC that warrants existed. That’s it. They filed this because they were SPAC warrants, and now they’re HYLN warrants.

It takes the SEC about 30 to 45 days to approve this paperwork. Once they do approve it, Hyliion could say “Ok everyone, you have thirty days to exercise your warrants into shares.” This is what the other commentator alluded to. When Nikola did this, the share price dropped, because the warrants were converted into stock, which everyone sold ASAP to lock in their profits.

Truthfully one of many things could happen. Hyliion could *not* recall warrants—the have five years to do so. Or, people could convert the warrants into stock, and simply not sell—the only reason people sold is because they bought warrants low and sold them high. What if you bought warrants high, and wanted to break even on stock price?

Me personally I do believe HYLN will call them back, but I don’t think waiting for that event is a good enough reason to not buy now, because even if they did there’s no reason stock price couldn’t go up before then—late Nov / early Dec is a lifetime away.
Good christ the IV on vix calls is 272%!?!?
Now is the time
*asian mom logic. The sofas are also covered :(
This is the dumbest comment on this thread today congrats
[deleted]
AAPL to 2Tril in 2020 and then 4Tril by Jan 2021 are u fukin kidding me?

That’s WAY more than twice as crazy as the already crazy runup 😂 it’d be growing faster than any Provence or entity in the world just by numbers not even scale. MAYBE if apple glasses came out and took over the world on Christmas
lol
Take 25% of my income but don’t provide me with basic necessities for staying alive. Good trade.
Ban
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/The_one2_win the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There’s a different color other than red? 🔻
If WSB has taught me anything, it's that now is the time to go all in on GME
I agree 😂😂
Looks like a weird-ass Sectoral Rotation out of mostly AMZN (?!?). Shit makes no sense
https://finviz.com/map.ashx?t=sec_all
[deleted]
Going out on a limb and saying no
my mom's dildo display
Yeah I dumped some stuff in the green and moved some stuff around. Can probably grab 2-3 more contracts but only as far as March tho.. might wait for after election even if it'll cost more.
give me stocks that will benefit from a biden win
Darned thing won't drop back down to $195 where I panic-sold it during September.
I was promised drill team 6!
[deleted]
Yo Apple, instead of taking a huge dump in the morning and gaining a little after, today the opposite?
Tbh I have no idea who is going to win, but I do think that no matter what the person that loses will try to contest it which would make my puts very happy
You are doing this wrong. In fact, calls don’t sum up, you’ll need 150 phones to call at the same time
AMD is buy worthy, but i go for the Leaps, to give it enough time. If the markets suddenly turn deep green, i ll change the position into shorter term.
[deleted]
All the ones I was looking at.
Barron's has an article on this out today, they project pfizer will go up nicely.  But I think the overall market will bounce 5% on positive vaccine news (just guessing).
ouch
Ok yo.
Yeah I told my parents they need to take away my teenage bros phone for his mental health. Everytime I’m with him he’s always sending snaps for no fucking reason or scrolling through Instagram and seeing how many likes he has. So sad that people need constant contact and validation from their friends and “friends”. It’s literally a cancer of the mind.
what's the job?
Federal Reserve purchasing Assets now, that could be part of it. Just announced yesterday.
Lower highs
Placed some 11/6 2c's for market open, just sold for 40% ROI. I think I'm done fucking around buying anything this week, too fucking volatile with the election.
Have we just witnessed the most epic bear trap ever?
It's funny how AAPL get more volume than QQQ and SPY combined
Honestly fuck every thing u know about the market nothing will help I have the keys to 100% success in this market. U must follow this rule: the market will moon when I have puts and drill once I have puts. Enjoy ur fatty 10baggers every week
What happened to AMD?
Bears in shambles, wondering what the hell is going on trying to make sense of the market when it’s been acting irrationally the past 6 months.
MMs are pumping so they can go all in on cheap puts for EOW
More lockdowns. Oil drilling. Oil companies mooning. Market pricing in a trump win IMO.
don't give these idiots good advice
I don't know cause it didn't burst yet
BREAKING: Goldman analysis suggests water is wet.
Its a fucking trap boys. Don't buy calls
Fridge is 1 year old already and we haven’t run into any issues besides the WiFi not working (ended up resetting). Is the ice maker issue common?
Pride goeth before the fall.  Just make sure to post your loss porn later this week.  Also read the rules retard and come back when you have some real porn to show.
Who else is holding CGC calls and hard as a rock right now?
>https://www.antiquesandthearts.com/travis-landry-talks-pokemon-following-surge-in-bruneau-cos-october-sale/

Fun fact. "Very Good" in card grading is actually very bad. It's a PSA 3 out of 10. [https://www.psacard.com/resources/gradingstandards](https://www.psacard.com/resources/gradingstandards)
We need to channel all of that energy into mutual hatred for boomers
^(It's not just money. Remember how disappointed they are in you.)

^(You can still sell it now. No one needs to know.)

^(You are different. They will never understand.)

^(You had these feelings before. You were right then.)
You’re fine. NIO day is Jan 9th
Nah by EOD Friday I was thinking today would be a bounce
hav upvote
Ban
Knee - OH? 

That’s how I say it in my head.
3150 close tomorrow
It's funny when they crashed to $2 I was like lol to those tools that bought in at $10.

Here we are at $30+
It will probably reach 3500 again by January
If France was as well defended as SPY $330 is, WW2 would have ended in 1940 with Germany losing.
mf probably has 1 or 2 contracts
volatility
Merge with BLM FTW. If so, who knows?
Get down from there, SPY, honey...You're going to hurt yourself.
it's future was valuable at $1700 / share in march. Not as valuable now. And definitely not valuable at its price objective of $3,650.

but what do I know, I'm just a golden retriever who learned anglish & stonks
Lmfaoooo MYYYY BOOOODDDAAAAYYYYY
[removed]
Where were you when the tech bubble burst?
[deleted]
[removed]
SPY down $2 since bought puts. Puts down 5%. Congrats theta gang.
who said a used one costs $35k? lmao
amazon forward PE is 55x, which isn't ridiculous, kind of overpriced still imo but anywhere around 45-50x I think is a fair price
MWHAHAHAHAHAHA
defense is up quite a lot surprisingly and healthcare and the financials.
oh fuk, we drilled the VIX by mistake!!!

back up!  back up!
I’ve managed to perfectly buy at the high and sell at the low twice today :)))))))))
DGLY squeeze
Chimpu predicted this
Basically lotto tickets at this point. I’m loading up in case they report surprising revenues tonight
$330 is the new floor and extremely well defended. It would take a civil war to break it.
I have TOS running on my game boy
Depends. Do you think Trump will win?
How long dated are you buying
Sell the fridge so that you actually have some money to put into your account.
It’s manipulation so, we should be going down but they want us up for whatever reason. Probably to get retail to load up on more weekly calls by pumping monday and then letting it fall tuesday/Wednesday. Can’t tell you what to do but imo we’re headed down
[deleted]
So 330-331 iron condors close out 10 minutes to close got it
Going to sleep 
This bullish nonsense is retarded
>$5.01 

> +$24k

> -100% 

MATH
hope so
Sold my puts on Friday and thinking of picking up some more. I’m feeling a slow bleed coming on
In and Out Burger FTW. If so, tendies will never stop.
banks are strong today
That’s a lot to say in that big ah-brain of yours every time you see the ticker
Serious: was there any annoucment to make it this green? Or is this people just seeing a dip and buying before election, knowing it will go up right after? I'm not fucking complaining by any means just wondering if I missed something.
Who’s ready for NIO to pump that big Green vein 😈🤑
Fucking autist isn't just trading on his fridge, he's been doing it on margin for over a year and just broke even after a big spike putting him $5 in the green.

He's been waiting a year to get back in green mode before posting this.
Bitches love snap
Yes.
Yeah but why would I spend 35k on a used one when I could’ve gotten a new one at a lower APR for 5k more
32 new base for nio
May be a trap
How stupid is it for me to hold puts into Wednesday?
Kanye West is doing all this, isnt he?
yeah man I feel ya.. had 13 80 jan 21 for 2.5 sold at like 5.. at least we're both getting new PS5 son!
Election needs to be over already
This whore is going to try to go to 332 again before dropping to 328 EOD and open at 323 and bleed the rest of the day Tuesday
Holy fuck a lot of y’all lot are sensitive. Just relax. Bears and bulls, you’ll get ur gains
theta gang report in. Can confirm. Feels bad taking free money from the mentally disabled
this shit is hilarious
[deleted]
Already up 50% on CGC 1/15/21 20c I bought Friday

Very nice! Great success 👍
Fucking kang market, I am up 0.72%. Also why are the FANGs not moving together
spy puts was a "no brainer" on friday too
BIGLY DUMP
You just dad joked yourself into the stratosphere. Good job.
Full dollar candle on spy RIGHTTTT 😩😩
Are you going to sell covered calls
SoftBank about to buy some more calls...

[https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323305103240167425](https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323305103240167425)
Ah boy, fourth down and Gus this was a great throw by Michael VIX, SPY had just enough separation and VIX put this one right where it needed to be, this is just a fantastic play in coverage by Blackstone
The only thing guaranteed in life is death my friend
Imagine 2016, but this time with tens of millions of retail piling in.

Who's excited for Wednesday open?
Fucked
Financial Times blocked the chrome add on that allowed to bypass pay wall, still working on Barrons and WSJ

Edit: nvm, they all blocked it
Snap is fucking cancer
Crude gave niggas the head fake of the month from last night to now lol
Man I wouldn't even mind. I mean I prefer chick-fil-a tho
once AAPL goes below 108.07 support, it's going to start tanking and bring down both QQQ and SPY with it

🌈🐻
I see a lot of rotation green though
All of my moves are made, RobinHood only holding a few leaps, all my money in Fidelity waiting on Jack Ma and his giant ANT to make me rich. 

CHINA #1
this shit is amazing
also wondering
N Eye down it goes, N Eye down it goes, bankrupt is yo name oh.
Buy a share man
333 incoming hop on nowwwww
Yeah this. I don't know the specific cases but I suspect they did it too quickly, so BK court was able to claw it back as a fraudulent transfer. Let it age a little bit so it's not on last year's budget. You don't even want "student loans" on their radar or in the conversation. Pay the loans down on auto-pay over twelve monthly chunks etc. This pushes out the whole timeline but be deliberate.
How dare you?
Die snap wtf
All cash right now😤 only because I’m equity restricted on TOS till tomorrow
Did I miss the tech dip FUCKK
Lmao I financed 28k, it’s worth at least 42 as of now. They bottom out at about 17-22k with 100k miles. I will never be upside down on the truck, probably trade it in for something in a year or two.
Nice nio bounce at the 32 previous ath
then why'd u say you bought a truck at $53k msrp when you """"really bought it"""" for $37k? lmao and no used trucks don't cost that much
Do you know what ITM is?  Back to investopedia,  you should go
I love the out of no where full dollar candle on SPY
JPow will never allow a red election week. This whole week will be blood green.
Markets been pinned In The same spot all day. Feels like a face ripper incoming eod
NIO bears really enjoy getting cucked
Inverse yourself.
Yes
$apha lets go boys
Agreed. If you see big tech start to catch a bid though, SPY could take off. Playing the SPY 0dte 331 calls.
Isn’t vaccine gonna be made so cheap they won’t even make money off it?
They have revenue of about a million now. They’re hitting volume production of their ERX product in 2021, so yeah 2022 should be a stellar year for them.
[deleted]
retarded
This shit is retarded
Cut some losses and buyback lower

Edit: theyre still worth 2.50, that's far from all your money. A lot better than .25 possibly down the line
judging by the worn down areas, he likes to stick it in the ice cube dispenser
How are you down 100.02% and have money in your account
Damn. Hope you become a millionaire
market is being gay af right now, so flat...
Meant 107 lol
DKNG man... red day #7 confirmed
It’s getting spooky I’m still holding
Extremely
u/vredditdownloader
you gotta remember things are going to still need to be financially stimulated - so that doesn't change, we still have QE and all the other JPow tricks but without having some retard on twitter threatening countries and crashing the market every other day based on rumors and hearsay the market might continue to go up not just match previous highs before taking a fat dump.
40c might been better tbh
I feel like Amazon is Bigly manipulated. Or consolidating? What you guys think honestly? After earnings like that besides Fukien  election or COVID. Shit is valuable
octopus signals
You burned up 150 of my brain cells by reading this.
Fack off mate
Me too.
You mean 107?
My entire portfolio has been Ni0 calls for the last two months
[deleted]
Its not
Earnings are in two weeks, could swing both ways.
But they’re not
Show your losses retard
[My portfolio, courtesy AMD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qTeH-oIkPQ)
Maybe it will be in the money!
Long term yea
I’m out of day trades until Wednesday, but I’m thinking SPY puts EOD is a no brainer play
So calls?
Guys this is important, Im from the future! I have sent this message with internet Explorer you should recieve it january 2020. Market is going to crash in march. Buy puts!
If you’re betting on a biden win, hold
I sold TWTR puts before ER. AMA
So why is SPY up today? What stocks are supporting this?
Funny you remember this Seinfeld episode. Here  s an award
Identity crisis?
If you’re new get stocks, otherwise look at Jan calls.

If you want to be full WSB (read: a retard) then yeah Nov 13.
Agreed brother. Glad I dogged that bullet.
There's something happening in here. What it is, ain't exactly clear.

There's a man with puts over there, telling me I got to beware.
Already got $230K in it.  And it's not for the divvies.  I'd be a lot happier if they used that cash to pay down debt or buy back shares.
[removed]
Man this boring movement looks planned
Imagine when Pfizer announces vaccine results, market will moon even more.  Should be within 2 weeks.
AMC's survival plan relies on them issuing 20 million new shares, AND their theaters would need to be open for all November and December. They're fucked
If it follows the pattern they dump on a Green Day and pump on a red day
They were also sending push notifications thru the app saying to vote yes or uber would have to leave ca or something like that. Not enough people aware of labor laws, and too gullible imo
If ever I need to keep a bunch of Autists busy, I'll just peel the plastic part way off new appliances and sit back and watch.  The jimmy rustling in this thread is audible

&#x200B;

Edit: Shredded wheat.  Calls on this guys colon
yes
Anyone holding Paypal through earnings?
72 months dumbass you'll never catch up to depreciation.  Msrp.... But that should only sell for 41k or so.
[removed]
Imagine not thinking healthcare and water are a human right.
[deleted]
You have to buy the dip not at top. It ramps up pre market. Just wait
F150 XLT 302a
I really don’t my puts just feel like there burning a whole in my account
[deleted]
Thanks for the thought tho Apple is taking my lunch money
Just because Amazon is a good company doesn't mean the stock is at a good price
Fucking anybody at this point, just sick of hearing all the bitching.  It’s like the whole country is involved in a retarded sport & I could give a fuck about either team
this is too easy, once it breaks 330, everyone goes short so just go long 😆
[deleted]
Oh no they’re buying the dip
We made it onto Quicktake on Bloomberg!
Bought $45 call for NIO 1/15/21, what do you guys predict?
yes
F150 XLT 302A
I bought SKYY at the absolute fucking top of the second peak. These bags are heavy.
Hurry before it goes up up
[deleted]
Look at the numbers between bush 00 to 08 and Obama 08 to 16. Democrat presidents lately seem to push gun ownership really high.
Where are the people that told me that we would never see amzn under 3k again?🤡🤡🤡😂
Which model truck?
I grew a vagina and bought $75 AMD calls for fucking 2023
that's way, way OTM.
Can't break that 330.5 roof
[deleted]
Fellow $3800 call holder here. Still down
All trucks are about this much but most dealers get 7.5k in rebates, then there’s additional savings, so the car actually will cost like 41k, I got it for 37k.
Wait until people can actually buy the cards and processors compadre
Hmmmm ok
50/50 game yet 90% of people lose lmfao
Okay ABBV...I get it. I shouldn’t have sold my calls this morning. Thanks.
Idk bro it makes no fucking sense. Amazon is only company beating fucking estimates by 65 million years. Wtf
[deleted]
Buy this fucking amzn dip already softbank you pos
#BanElectricity
Sell it all
it still woulda been worth it to sell my QQQ puts at open and rebuy now lol.  Help im scared
[deleted]
bezos gave us a buying opp of a lifetime, double down
.........and VIX pass to SPY incomplete, good coverage on the play by Blackstone will force a punt here
900 shares of uvxy let’s go baby
Sir what is a premium
Will you stop Dave. Stop Dave. I'm afraid
volatility
Yang could pull votes from trump voters who have lost jobs due to covid I imagine. But then Trump would probably win because americans hate helping others.

I still proudly wear my math hat, personally.
To be fair u did it to urself😂😂
Halloween's over. New banner please.
Sell weed stocks or hold thru?
Amazon feels like tanker gang rn
Idk wtf to do my calls getting IV crushed & theta cucked, i feel like selling them bc the have only went down for a week straight
Stuff like oil probably dips but overall the increased stability that the election being over will bring probably brings some improvement. However, given that that's my hypothesis the exact opposite will probably happen.
this market is gonna slump into tomorrow. just watch.
Lmao yeah sure buddy
Andddddd it’s red now
Sell the fridge and get smaller model, for more tendies to play with
Am I retarded for wanting to buy ITM $207 Apple calls for December

****107 im a retard
Dw bro another day another bet
Looking to pick up some AMZN today
So there’s a gap above and gap below which one will we fill
Holy shit stop fucking selling
Do any of y’all have family that buries money in their mattress?

Like at least put that money in PRPL, smh
I sold a few covered calls this morning :)
watching aapl rn is like watching paint dry
[deleted]
Oooo spicy
underrated comment
You mean the referendum on western fascism?
She’s fat
Idk what more impressive that you are trading on a fridge or that you have +24k for a year but still are -100% with only 5 dollars. Truly an autist
[deleted]
Any reason?
Lol at the DOW holding the market on its shoulders rn
I bought puts yesterday and today. I am down 50% so I might as well hold until expiration this week.
True, but the big state economies are blue. So if Biden "promotes it" the biggest economies in the country will mostly do it.
[deleted]
Honestly all these posts about the past is irrelevant. This election is so different compared to the others.
Lol it’s not even about race. I try to just see humans as humans. However we have gotten a lot of BLM “protests” lately where they just loot stores and break shit for no good reason. I live in an area with a fairly low black population but I’m not worried about them because of their skin color. Plenty of white people involved in these riots as well. I’m just glad I’m not in a big city like NYC or Chicago. Those places will have the most shit go down. Suburbs are super safe but even here people are getting nervous. Neighbors are saying they can’t find ammo and neither can I. Most guns stores low on actual gun stock as well. It’s like people are expecting a civil war. And if everyone is expecting shit to go down it’s kind of a self fulfilling prophecy.
Ban
If we see under 2.9k I'm definitely adding some.

What's the IV on the April calls? If it's under 47% that seems reasonable.
And it is (currently all SHOP and AMZN puts)
Yes, fresh meat
DD might be wrong but the play is right. This going to moon with gold bro
Just when you think they cant get any higher, they do.
I just got a message from the future. There are no winners and losers until they pick a winner and loser but if they don’t pick a winner or loser than winners become losers and losers stay losers 🧏‍♂️
Rebates and savings got it down to just under 38k, my car was about to die, wanted something that holds its value and I work an absurd amount of overtime.
They want it up until they don’t if you feel me
SEDG earnings AH. get inn
[deleted]
I don’t get my allowance until Friday
Imagine the mango gets handily defeated to the point where no one listens to his inevitable complaints of non-existent election fraud and the market is up bigly on Wednesday. That would be a nice poke in the eye on the way out.
nothing really i was told stonks only go up
SEGA!
“QE for broad spectrum equities for young Americans”
Those are so fucking expensive, amzn prob a buy
When you pay the taxes it will feel real
Did Lizzo sit on AMZN stocks, wtf is going on.
I like how my amzn $3900c 11/13 is up 30% from this morning.
[removed]
Fat fuck
Updated to shitpost.
333 incoming
I also read lumber liquidators as Lincoln logs... maybe I shouldn’t be using real money to trade...
[deleted]
Puts and calls my man, puts and calls
Any chances for TWTR? Or is it just gonna drop back to 20$?
Watching the premium sucked out of my 11/4 330P is infuriating
Pennies in front of a steam roller
Amazon, what the hell man? I thought I bought the dip.
[deleted]
WHY DO I KEEP THINKING AMAZON HIT BOTTOM!!!!??
Spy pinned for sure
DGLY is having a great day
i agree $swbi isn’t going back up
Position?
Some of these stocks got that mf scoliosis chart 🥴
yea i sold after the screenshot. You know what they say, “if it’s good enough for a screenshot, it’s good enough to sell”
Trump, deregulation and lower taxes stimulate the bean of the economy.
long term capital gains tax should trigger a minor sell off. economy should be better
In my mind, Wall Street looking at WSB is like that scene in the Sopranos where Tony is watching AJ on the computer

https://youtu.be/PHu9D8armIA
I bought 11/6 , 30P’s . Up 70% so far
350 EoD
I'll be an idiot with puts making me money.
FSR is better
Could’ve collected more premium on Nio
Not a fan of aapl sold at $106 then it took off to $126... but I think you are undervaluing the work from home... it’s nice to have the best phone when you are on it 90% of the time.

Even if the best phone isn’t super great
Ain't gonna be a real lockdown, red necks would never follow it
Welp gonna be a -2-3% day for amzn at this rate
Me, Think or Swim and my money
Now VIX steps up and fires deep down the middle looking for SPY!
Not selling yet waiting for the account to hit $10 then sell and go by myself a happy meal
Anyone bullish on DDOG?
LOL people thinking theta gang is making a killing when theta gang is barely breaking even in most days.
I know, believe me. I pulled this shit with bitchcoin too in 2017, sitting on the sidelines once it becomes mainstream. Of course TSLA has more to offer. 

At some point in the future when Exponential EV production numbers become less groundbreaking I’m with you.
Shit I shouldn’t have switched to spy puts then
We’re breaking 330 soon bears be patient
I'm hold a small 325p position today.  I'm gonna lose money on it, but not all is lost...yet...
Play Station. X-Box.
Just want some action, this shit is boring
STONKS only go....
FSR Calls
Way to keep that plastic on, grandpa.
Wrecked but i'm still here.  My 11/20 calls might fail (looks like they will) but my 150 shares will make money sometime early next year.
he's a tard and he bought puts on friday saying it would be free money on Monday
buy high sell low.

this is the way.
well that bull trap got me
[deleted]
That’s a good idea. I’m NOT putting my whole account in nclh in the next month.
Lets fucking go Weight Watchers. Get that big girl off you.
It was a good ride
Broke
Née yo
Lol apologies
Tech is dead ☠️
Lmao it wasn’t 53k, it was 37k after rebates. I made myself sound even more retarded
It already filled
VIX is announcing that drill team 6 is on their way
Try it 5 times in a row. That s the catch.
These days are killing theta gang.
I made a quick three hundred bucks took a shower by the time I got out of the shower ended up selling for $30 loss
Not yet. It's so far out of the money that I'd rather just put the money in the next tax year. Already likely in the highest tax bracket this year.
Best to buy on the dip and sell during open. Rarely does it keep mooning even after open.
holy fucking shit. why is that so cheap on the january 2022 calls????
One thing I've learned from this sub, the crowd is a collection of retards, invest accordingly.
refritrader
I have 2/3 👈🤡👉
Tempted to buy AMZN 3470c 4/21 but IV is a little high. Plus who knows how much amazon will tank further
I think either way things will rise, maybe not this week but soon enough.
Lol yup the one time I decide to not set a stop and let it ride. Barely green now.
Must resist buying AMZN leaps 🥵
Nope, I bought calls like the retard I am
Mannn i thought 🍉 was back in business
Who do you want to win the election and why
ruh roh
😂😂😂😂😂🤡
Nee-yo

I read MCD and Mick-Deez instead of Em-Cee-Dee. Unless it's something like AMD, I don't usually read letters individually
[deleted]
That double top is going to easily bring this AAPL below $100.
Congratulations man! I picked the wrong horse.  China truly number 1.
I believe that's the Naadaq page
[removed]
I'm actually doing the opposite. Freeing up capital to roll remaining value to Feb/March calls and will add more.
correct
Vix creeping back up
I hedge 🤷🏻‍♂️
With a strong pos in puts
ASAN, HYLN, AND PLTR

Name a more trashy trio
yes
[deleted]
Here I go buying the NIO dip again
do you understand the concept of taxes..? you’d probably see 21k of that after taxes
Solid company
Bought more puts for cheap. Here we goooooooooo
Fuck me if I’m wrong but didn’t zoom and Tesla do like the exact same shit for a week now?
After the first 100 losses or so you get used to the feeling
AMZN really dragging down Chasdaq
Keep in mind AAPL ex-div date is 11/6. Beware of sell off
Civil war is priced in at this point.
Yes, buy calls on a company that ran 1800% so far.  What can go wrong.
You do you, boo.
bro can you please not use DD flair if it's literally like a one sentence rant, now you just wasted like 5 minutes of my life, good click bait at least i guess.
Samsung fridges are absolute shit. $50 says your ice maker is going to leak/break within the next year.

Edit: Being serious though, owned a model similar to this one and needed the ice maker to be replaced twice in the same year. There’s an ongoing class action lawsuit involving it. I’d double check your model # and be sure others aren’t having the same problem - if you can still return it.
I just hope the lunch time heroes come back and see they didn’t make tendões, and smash the sell button
Tech with that synchronized dip.
just post the opposite of your positions, i'm sure wall street has to wait for you to post here to figure out what you have
[deleted]
My account is alone in the moonlight
Wish i did, it was super overvalued
I should have I bought calls at $34.50 that it would hit $35 11/6 already down a cool $1000
Oil has made like a 5% recovery from its overnight collapse
Am I the only one always gets cucked by nio? Lmao
We’re like half way through the right shoulder
Do things plummet if Biden wins or does the idea of a sane person in the big chair boost the market higher?
I love Simon property group. You should too
Tech apocalypse
Are we ever going to have a flat day again? Every day it's up or down 1-2%.
Gotta love no volume elevator downs
if that is what u think then just sell it already
Oh no
What kind of truck?It’s not retarded if your making >$80k
Face ripping rally please
I think gambler’s fallacy is ‘it was heads the last ten times, due for tails’.  You’re talking about recency bias which is worse
Started a position of Jan2022 calls on AMZN & also bought one weekly 2800p in case we collapse
Ah, a fucking dipshit retard who doesn't like being wrong.  Just delete your fucking retarded post.  And what kind of clown buys options on a $5 stock?
We’ve got a gap to fill 📉
I did lol
Yes. :(
Could you imagine if NIO goes from +14% to fucking red? Perhaps you fucking goons will stop spamming this pump and dump china fraud.
[deleted]
I don't know why oil is up today but I'm not complaining.
How are the GME bros feeling?
[deleted]
Trust me bro
Last Time nio jumped I bought puts and it didn’t retrace. this time I didn’t and it died, I’m gonna stop posting my decisions before I make them, obviously Wall Street is listening
Hope nio holders held and are buying more. It's a great opportunity guys.

45b car company delivered 5000 cars in a month!

/s
b o r i n g
On green days we dip from +1.7% to +1.69% and dip buyers immediately come in to save the day. On red days we dump -2% and no dip buyers to be seen for miles and miles.
I dumped all my RTX sharesight on Thursday lop
My March calls have straight up rigor mortis
THIRD AND SIX, Michael VIX in the shotgun, steps up in the pocket, he pump fakes, looking deep downfield...
Of course since I bought calls like a moron
Increasing riots > more swamp ass > calls on UAA
Agreed
Why didn’t you sell?
I took two 31 puts.
Order a triple split flip and that gives you 3 shares of W
None of this shit looks like it's about to turn around. I need a V shaped recovery.
hi OP, can you please explain what this warrant situation is? Thank you! I do have a bullish position on HYLN and share your view as well.
Weed stocks mooning, pricing in a Dem win?
Which is?
AAPL Dec 20 115 Calls seems like a pretty good deal. Apple is hitting about support right now and with the new iphones coming out i can imagine the stock bubbling in the next 5-6 weeks.
Oh im sorry man. I dont really live around black people its only like 8 percent here and they pretty much stick to their own little areas shit sounds terrifying
Blue team wins on Tuesday - Tilray Calls play?
I need like a -3% reversal, expires today
Fuck cant hold my cash back no more
Stock price is too high imo
Away from this annoying Kang market
nice, lock it in before you lose it all
no reason to move out and also no reason to buy a $53k truck lmao
Sell calls then
hope you took profits on this, if you didn't sell your calls in the first 30 seconds of market opening and then buy back in you're kinda retarded. It will hit $30 today
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/Ne-Yo_2013.jpg
Trust me we're not crashing again today. Mixed to slight red at worst.
Imagine not loading up on puts an hour ago
Lol your a dick but correct sir!!! Lol
11/8 I think?
QQQ about to go gay
Nio puts was the way
i'm here for the slow bleed down
You’re glad you missed out on a shit ton of gains?
Is NIO really going to go from +13% to red?
There’s a lot of time left. Wouldn’t be surprised if you had the opportunity to bail out with some profit still. Also wouldn’t be surprised if you lost everything. Good luck!
[deleted]
What makes you think that? AMD has exhausted all its cards. Im fucked in the butt
My avg is 25.30 with 324 shares. If it drops to 27ish, I will add more. Not selling.
DD: The only reason nasdaq is behind because a bunch of stupid techies are panic selling their RSUs. Earnings were announced for a lot of the last week, so they probably couldn't sell until *today*. Given the uncoming uncertainty, they're dumping en masse
If you're bull all the time, you make money more than half the time. If you're bear all the time, you make money less than half of the time. If you try play both sides, you can win 100% of the time or lose 100% of the time depending on how skilled you are at speculating.

Since none of us have any skills and this is a casino, I think winning about half the time sounds better than the potential of losing 100% of the time
At least you can stress eat in the same spot you trade
Whew, my FOMO RSI is cooling off after that pullback on NIO
Hopefully work revolves around that 53k truck or that might be one of the dumbest financial decision I’ve ever heard of.
Wheres everyone at?
"You gotta know when to hold em, know when to roll em, know when to roll em down and know when to run!!!" Some old school for ya
I really don't think she's a good pick for that job
how is AMAZOn UP every day on Open and GETS FUCKED after LIke fucking 10 days in a r ow ?
Yeah his share of 65+ voters has dropped and he's still getting absolutely crushed with white suburban women- he EEEEKed out a narrow victory in 2016 winning states like WI with 21k votes and PA with less than that. 
He hasn't done a lot of coalition building (one exception in FL with latino outreach) and instead has focused solely on his base, and while it's almost certain he is going to get more votes than he did in 2016 by focusing only on the base and juicing turnout- I just don't think it's going to be enough to take him over the finish line in states like MI/WI/PA which he needs to win.  
This isn't 2016- Biden doesn't have nearly the unfavorables that Clinton did and he very wisely played the middle, Trump's approval rating has never surpassed 50% nationwide, and the share of votes going to 3rd party this year is 1/3rd of what it was in 2016, and you just can't win with the same 46% of the vote (his share in 2016) if there isn't a sizable chunk going to 3rd parties. 

Donald Trump will declare victory tomorrow night anyway before all the votes are counted that's a safe bet, and PA is a huge spot to watch because SCOTUS has ordered all ballots received after election day to be "Segregated" so they might be "Rememdied" later, so that could be an issue if Biden loses FL and it becomes crucial to his path to 270. 
Overall though there's no way to massage reality to declare that every single data point is moot and he's doing great, he absolutely still has a path to win, but he needs to hold on to every state he won in 2016 and even if he hasn't lost a single voter from 2016 that would be hard because the % of the electorate that is his base (White) has shrunk from 2016 by about 1-2% anyway- so he's got that to overcome as well.
Or vice versa.
The cumulative retardation of this sub is just purely impressive.
Algos ❤️spy
market head fakes like this to facilitate repositioning. autists think the world is ending.
[removed]
he's minimizing depreciation
Damn...that's like a down payment on a house dude...
Go, go riots!  BCC way up.  Thanks you antifa for forcing businesses to board up.
Probs
beautiful. i hope you can retire wealthy soon
Dumbass purchase. Live and learn, treat it well.
idk what you consider a dip, but NIO has dropped 10% in 90 min
UBX
I'm definitely taking your advice but will I be to late if I join on Wednesday?
Hey Kara Swisher, no gives a single shit about your son.
0dte 332/333 call credit spreads are free cash
Might want to hold that
Sold a strangle today month out 95/130
Rode that pump up to 7.20 and got the fuck out. Are there still people in this?
Pull the plastic off dumbass
Fuck you
Only the impatient ones. Itll be higher than this in no time.
Jd good too but baba has better margins and cash flow. Also higher Cagr
I live right outside Raleigh, NC. Where we’ve had lootings and riots/protests multiple times in past few months. I’m not concerned for my well being because I’m in the suburbs but I have no doubt that bigger cities will deal with civil unrest regardless of who wins. Probably more so if Trump wins because Dems are so fed up with him. Gahh this two party thing is just a recipe for disaster
What about volatility? Do we expect an IV crush?
You son of a bitch. I’m in
If DXY breaks out, stonks will tank.
Reminds me of Silicon Valley lol
VIX with an uptick here
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/New-Set-3059 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, this week AAPL dropped  SO LOW
if I were you, I'd make the wrong decision
Long calls for JC Penney Co.
sold my call up 30%... watched it moon to 80% but now im happy  i would have been down 30%
why do u need a $53,000 truck lmao that was retarded. get some mowers, a trailer, hire up a couple mexicans and run a landscaping business on the side to put the truck to work
My month out aapl calls already dead
I read this in zoidberg’s voice
They are idiots that can’t accept that fact😂😂
Glad I bought RTX calls on Friday
Tdoc
Do these "extra lives" come with any serotonin?
You see, don’t you see, we’re happy when it goes down, we can just buy more, we can glut ourselves on amzn aapl nvda amd nio nclh. We’ll be rich eventually.
NIO puts ftw
Y’all stay playing the same plays and get surprised when you lose money lol
cashed out my nio shares to snatch up all the contracts i could
Good thing you went all in instead of putting the bare minimum in. Oh wait..
Well I financed half and travel for work about 6 months out of the year so there’s no reason for me to move out yet if I’m never home
What is the reason
HELP ME IM DROWNING FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
VIX 📈📈📈 SPY📈📈📈
Puts📈📈📈 calls📉📉📉
I don’t like this anymore
Best NIO calls?
VIX rising get your buttholes ready bulls
CRON with the retard strength.  

# 💪
Y’all were supposed to spend your weekend buying shit from Tim Apple. You’re all grounded! 😡
So when will we know who’s the winner of America’s got talent “president edition”
Shit bro totally the same situation here
With VIX so high, they are ridiculously expensive right now.
Big dip tomorrow?
Perfect 330 Pin for the MM’s and theta gang to take everyone’s weekly money
Idiot
algos
Is NIO really gonna go red?
I’m 🚀gang and 🥈🏄🏻‍♂️ like it’s 3 months ago.
Ban. This isn't DD. Trash post. At least mark it as a shitpost plz
amzn you a ho
Man the spy manipulation is insane right now
did that boris vax pump help airlines and cruises?
iGarbage
Live life and enjoy it bro. And yes  your also a retard
Trade it in after 2-3 years and roll into another truck so you always have the warranty.
Broke ass bull
Feels that way
You son of a bitch. 

34c 11/6, I like to live dangerously
[deleted]
real talk, might as well get it now. hard to time the bottom -- it's gone lower than thursday's close, but idk if it's gonna see friday's levels again. I fomo'd into leaps, so meh down quite a bit right now, but if you're not doing weeklies, might as well jump in sometime soon
Damn using all my day trades tryna fix this shit
Why the fuck are you spending $53k on a truck at 21?
Fucking glad I sold my Tesla today at the top
*325
Just return it
TDOC and DKNG both near ~15 billion market cap...

which seems like it has a better moat / future profitability?

I vote TDOC
buy spy calls we going to 336
So hold your positions? Cool
That is still 5 months away... Going up by 25$ is not impossible
You bought a 53k truck and still live at home with mom and dad ?

🤣🤡🤣🤡
You should be using those hands to jack dudes off not commenting here.
Low key feel like wasting some cash on SPY lottos to bank on a Biden blowout
Up $5k to almost red. Hope you’re fucking happy NIO
Can someone please post this in reverse at 30 minutes before close today?
Do I sell everything I’m already down too much
Trend is your friend
Yes, only finance cars if it's 0%
amazon drilling and spy still up, kill me
Hope those are shares.
Always with the drama. Its just an election.
Like he gives a shit about his "friends".

Dude would sell out his own mother to make himself look good or someone else look bad for 5 minutes.
[deleted]
My cat got hit by a car and bounced a bunch more than twice
I wished i had followed that. Got cucked lol
[deleted]
Quitting my 325p bought last week, fuck this
I'm kinda glad I missed the tech bubble in summer. It's clear that those who were in it have gambler's fallacy it will happen again. The amount of loss porn people could post from what Ive seen "averaging down on AAPL" past few months alone would be front page worthy.
Then you answered your own question
I’m out +6%, who do I speak to about applying for the wsb hall of fame?
Bag holders unite
Nee yo
Only if it’s somewhat long term imo
I sold puts 😎
Before this subreddit I was so young... so naive....

Now im just poor. Retards unite!
We live in a world of lies and perception. All is relative. The only thing I’m getting from China is that the government IS the companies, which means they’ll do everything they can to keep it tight, I get your point but if we want to make money we must follow it
yup
MMs in a meeting with the legit polling agencies none of us are allowed to know about. Deciding to pump or dump this at 330.
What is this fruity ass hipster broker?
retards strength
Is SPY going to stay at $330 the whole day wtf. Someone tell JPOW to start printing.
Perma bull is not feeling good rn
[deleted]
I fucking hate money
Imagine not planning up to load up on SPY puts at the end of the day for the last 10 minutes and AH dump
They'll announce a new program where they buy meme stocks.
[deleted]
kk imma load up some puts on amzn
Use that money and buy some ice-cream son
Dope down 9k on my last amzn Jan call.
[deleted]
My boy got massacred by the fucking high school bitch from Pineapple Express, fuckin Angie what a bitch
Get unlimited day trades
no fear!!! china gonna push this!! believe in china!!!!
Another win for theta gang
[deleted]
So many fuck tards in here today
As option holders we demand a new CEO! Bring back Steve Jobs!!
because of the low volume
All I can see is that plastic. What the FUCK is wrong with you, you psycho?
How do you undo it?? I messed up my MMM shares
Would've made lots of tendies if I didn't sell last month
I bought a truck that cost 53k msrp(paid just below 38k), after savings and trade in I financed 28k at 2.9 for 72, I’m only 21 and now probably can’t afford to move out. Am I worse than the retards in this r/?
Nio might go down/sideways for awhile but im pretty confident come january itll be in the upper 30s/low40s at least
They brrrr'd on Friday at 11:00am on the dot.

It doesn't work like it used to.
AAPL, AMZN, MSFT have so much weighting in SPY that even though 90% of stocks are green SPY is struggling.
When you guys are reading through this thread and you see NIO... do you read it N-I-O, nee-yo, or in-ee-oh in your head? 

Mines different every time.
just did this and they sent me a link to the secret ticker menu PDF
[deleted]
Nearly impossible to short NIO. I bought 11/6 30p @ 0.70 when it was up 10% this morning. Got out @ 0.73 when NIO was up 5.5%. Bout to touch 4% and the option is going for nearly the same price.  IV is completely owning that option price
50k in shares... queen lisa will print
Sell and go in at a lower entry
r/smallstreetbets/ is that other way. We don't welcome your kind here.
I don’t want spam calls, I want spy calls
Gonna be red pretty soon bro
VXX calls and UVXY calls doing decent. VXX more so. First time getting a UVXY option so I hope it treats me well
No matter what. It's a solid idea to take out your initial cost. Or even half of that. Just so you can be even more all in mentally. Although, if you can handle the risk, go for it. Best wishes.

I've got a ton in it as well and I'm holding till 100 minimum.
I think I’m going to get an amazon prime membership
Anyone playing Wayfair earnings tomorrow? If so what’s the play?
We have to much to gain if spy dumps. So it wont :(
I'm sure you made more money on options too hah. With the market at least you feel in control of your money somewhat which is why this isn't a true form of gambling in my eyes. In a casino if it doesn't go your way, poof all your money is gone. Here at least you can sell before it gets too bad. 

I never want to feel that way honestly but I can imagine. Don't think too negatively about it, it was a learning experience and at least you know the dread that comes with such an outing. Remember that greasy feeling whenever you feel like going to the casino. This way of thinking helps me in disassociating from unwanted behaviors and hopefully it can help you too. Good luck out there
yess push this shit into the stratosphere
Jewzus lol
every major index green

lMaO bUlLs FuKt
why? and expect ER be really good
You should and you did, cmon, don’t fail our retardhood.

Reverse some advice so that you always buy high sell low and you are GTG!
Those that keep selling NIO, y are you gae?
1 hr rule saved me from being cucked by Nio
sounds like HK ever had democracy under UK
positions or ban
Everyone did
That's not the quarterly dividend, numbnuts.  That's annual.  It's $0.0262/quarter.
This

If people peek behind the curtains, they would be in for a rude awakening
-100% lmao
well im weeping that's for sure
Oil from -5% to blood green. The dump is fake and gay
Anyone playing amd? It's so low.. I was thinking 1/15 90c or should I wait till Wednesday
It’s gonna moon for earnings.
Why is SNAP still up 3%
booo

those are rookie numbers

you gotta pump those losses uppp
gj eric. now you can buy that toy car you always wanted
When should I buy the NIO calls
Pro-tip : If you call your broker you can split your $BABA into 2 shares of $BA. Also works in reverse
Spy put holders, we have 4.5 hours, stay strong with me 😞
Wasted a day trade on NIO cause 5% down.learned that lesson
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Kelegii don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Which app is that?
Uhh.... Never?
Bearish on Johnny Depp's career now that he's been branded a wife beater (plus the box office bombs that were his recent releases)
T, CVX, XOM, WBA, GE all booming 😂
My profile is dead. Holy shit.
You mean put?
[deleted]
[deleted]
lol unlikely, when she dropped out biden was like "wow, what a great campaign you ran! gb2kitchen"
That's only 4 weeks bro. That's a blip in time 

I'd have to work 12 weeks
That’s right bb - f you 🐻
Don't do that to yourself, TSLAs been headed down for months. NIO has been beating their growth consistently for over a year
I wonder why these types of posts doesn't get uploaded in the other investing subs 🤔
[deleted]
Spy qqq weekly puts. Miners calls expire next week
Spy is so manipulated right now. Everything drilling and spy drops a few cents. And apple barely up .20 cents spy goes up a dollar
NIO really fucked the FOMO crowd didnt it?
One of us is really horrible at math
Mainly hands and fingers
Bulls got cucked lmfao
Arent they not projected to have any real revenue till 2022?
[deleted]
Value
The bank sent me an email on Friday that said they were going to start charging me negative interest rates on my deposits (euro bank). I promptly removed my cash, thank you very much.
Bdien = likely lockdown = QQQ rises.
Wow I regret selling MRO at $4 today. I was spooked by crude last night
My chart be looking like a weeping willow
Here's help!!
Amazon below $3000 again? F R E E M O N E Y
dip opportunity on SEDG. Earnings AH
JD is the amazon clone not baba. And jd is the real undervalued one.
Spy come on take a dumppppp man
Are you talking about inflation?
[deleted]
VALUE > TECH
and like the cuck i am i got sucked into it lol oh well at least it's a 2/21 leap
Big sq buy above the ask. I think some big boy is playing PayPal earnings through sq
[deleted]
I just spent $16 on on-board wifi on an American Airlines flight. I’m fucking retard. AMA. Calls on AAL
what the fuck kind of question is that?

If you're in the sub and in cash, unsubscribe and go back to /r/investing
Anything predictable, is not
Bulls fukt Bears fukt Theta gang fukt there saved you some scrolling
NIO giving us all more opportunities to buy.
Anyone in on FANG for earnings tonight?  Looks like it could have a big move with a good beat.  Calls aren’t too expensive either out to January.
We’re literally not moving the rest of the day
Because people are selling everything
When will AAPLtards learn it's not a dip?
U must be getting paid 400k/yr
Guys if you did the opposite of what you’ve been doing all along you’d be rich 👍
People on here are always talking about $SPY blah blah but I spied their wife in me bed 😎💯
Sure every company makes revenue but the reason Nio is also running is its made strides in generating that revenue and other people/investors see that. Or are you telling me you are the chosen one to see something no one else is seeing? Not sure about Chinese clones cause not all are publicly listed but Chinese Amazon baba is actually undervalued right now. See where it is in a year
Depressing about NIO, profit taking seems a little excessive. Thought to sold calls at the top smh
would a chad sell into fear?
Q1 will be glorious brother
DRILL SZN
Xlf being manipulated upwards
Lol. The US is "democratic"
100%. 5% of their business in US. Ant IPO in HK and Shanghai on Thursday. Earnings report. I am almost to the point where I am confused as to what I am missing. Stock is going to moon.
dont do that, its not funny. if you need help pm me.
I mean perma bulls do tend to be right if we're talking indexes
Hard not to buy some amazon calls right now
Loaded up on OXY and MRO shares, hoping orange man wins election, will check back next week
Imagine thinking this week will be red after 2 blood red weeks.
Apple and amazon drill will tank the market algos trade on correlation and shit makes up 20% of the S&P get out
Y’all remember when SPCE was $40???
Tim is such a failure
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**NIO**|**$32**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-06**|**$1.72**|**$32.16**|**8940**|**12561**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckh0redz4fpgz07516x2cmvbn) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/owlfish123/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Whenever I see XLF pumping, I know it’s serious fuckery.
[deleted]
Thanks. Good point
Yikers
If China left Hong Kong democratic, I would be more inclined to invest in it's economy. But I just can't support that shit. TSLA over NIO.
Don't be surprised when all of your assets are frozen.
Don't the people that are text spamming the hell out of me to vote understand I'm busy gambling
Im so fucking done with you Apple !
"Yea bro I'm basically a pro trader, right now I'm keeping my calls cool in the fridge to prolong their expiration dates."
What was the trade????? You sold a covered call?
Kelloggs I think. It's one of the big ones.
Amzn 💀
Whales using xlf and xlv to keep spy alive which is what they do literally every time they can’t hold qqq up
CHADSDAQ not looking so good
but not really until 25.
why the fuck T won’t drop guys
SPY being propped up like weekend at bernies
I diagnose you as retarded
Put on JPM if Biden wins and Elizabeth Warren is treasury secretary
Should I jump in on a amazon call
[deleted]
This is not the way.
Ur all so fucken retarded to buy nio calls at open 😂
Sry, was temp banned for that post lol.

Have a few. short 130,133,135’s. Long 138,140’s for 11/6
Told y'all value would beat tech. Biden
[deleted]
Almost the last time I am going to say this - get in on BABA. Gray market already shows 50% premium - [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-02/ant-group-said-to-trade-at-50-premium-in-hong-kong-gray-market?sref=6uww027M](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-11-02/ant-group-said-to-trade-at-50-premium-in-hong-kong-gray-market?sref=6uww027M)
Shouldn’t we have dumped by now?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tesla has so much more to offer then just selling cars. Tesla has everything vertical integrated. They have around 40billion in assets there own factory's i can continue this list but everyone in this sub should know by know what tesla offers. I dont see an comparison between nio and tesla.
Second drop is always bigger
NIO never went to 36
They are buying the "dip" as always. We'll get to $335 by close.
[deleted]
I’m talking my puts here. Stock should die. Was down 4% and now it’s just about green
Seems like a 50/50 thing to me
Freal though. Which doesn’t exactly instill confidence.
Tf is up with CVX shouldn’t oil be dropping?
Only if you hate money
I would but I don’t own that app. Maybe if you had Venmo.
Spy just won’t break goddamm
Imagine if that was a service , I would be rich
Predicting earnings is like trying to predict the color of your poo after Mexican night. Could be blood red from the spices burning you a new asshole, could be green from all the guacamole. You just don't know until it comes out and if it's red you're gonna feel it.
Average down and average out. You can’t possibly lose more I think. Not a financial advisor, follow this advice at your own risk.
Sold in 2012.
Yes
Idk how spy is up this much on this low volume
Who’s in positions rn?
$CBRE printing for me right now, I'm hard
Is this your DD? Ban!
same but tomorrow might be crazy day
Puts on having a sense of humor
QQQ .. has .... turned into a butt fuk position!!

Ready for full penetrative drilling!
[deleted]
Back to IPO price?
[removed]
just valuation, I'm saying the upside is capped right now
What bothers me the most is that you've clearly torn the plastic off the bottom half of the door. Why not just go all the way? the top half is clearly less prone to incidental moisture contact so is in even less need of protection, and those are really just meant for shipping, you can take that off once it's installed, brah
Hogs get slaughtered
Xlf being used and abuuuused rn
Some hot chick.
This shit makes no sense
$CBRE $CBRE $CBRE
biden lead bad for tech because fear of a capital gains tax increase, meaning people would sell to take profits on everything that went up 1000% this year
🥭 has pow and buddies at crack rock at speed dial till election results... bears are delusional in thinking markets gonna slip more
Well merry fucking Christmas!
so from some quick maffs I would have to work 165 hours at work just to break even in my portfolio
I could find a way to make losing plays in a savings account.
Deep insider knowledge that tomorrow is election day.
Should I sell tesla no profit and next dip all in on nio?
$33.65 here fomod like a bitch. But it's shares so who cares.
Man, banks really carrying this.
There were a shitload of big bullish options sweeps on AAPL this morning and anyway it is face planting.  Good to know that I am losing money with the big boys.
Back to cash, closed my 3x tqqq 11/06 100p I sold Friday afternoon for 3.5 at open for 2.13. 

Might could have made more but I’m taking no chances in this volatile situation
Beers.

I'm getting drunk.
MM bout to take us on a magical journey
Is your fridge single?
How ya feeling now you big dumb bear
Lol love the no mames
What if I told you it’s part of a much larger company called Kellogg’s?
Just buying my puts for the dump tonight/tomorrow 🌈🐻
Holding SQQQ calls, let's see if things get bumpier on election night
Owned by kellogg's
stop being retarded
Already sold some to someone @ 36. Wondering if they think they got a deal.  🤔
Calls on nio bag holders
P&G
Mail carriers that dump mail isn't a democratic plot. Unless all those ballots were for trump (they weren't) the dems stand to lose more. The vast majority of people in the country, and especially mail on ballots tend to vote dem.
[deleted]
Small pp gang 😈
So you're saying don't DON'T buy the dip. Gotcha
Abso fucking lutely
exactly, just looking to pick up 10% here and there usually just wait till 11:30ish and see what's a good set-up out there
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Andrewskeeter don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
CVX reaching for the 🌟
Nasdiq almost red
Yea. I think we end up mostly flat as people with gains exit their positions and new people start new positions at these levels to lock in capital gains rates.
NIO puts were such an obvious move that I am ashamed I didn't buy more
Seems like speculation that prop 22 gonna pass.
For real. Got .5 days of pump n then just shits the bed. Thanks you clowny mother fuckers. 🤡🤡
[deleted]
ES going back to try breaking 3300
You guys just don't get it. Our boy here bought this fridge on credit for the amount of profits he hasn't yet cashed out on his weeklies. By keeping the plastic on, he can sell it as brand new at anytime. Absolute genius. 

...on that note, too smart of an idea to be his. Probably his wife's boyfriend.
I know this is hard to believe for people in this sub, but not everyone works in the service industry.  Don’t worry, you’ll get another stimulus handout soon enough.
as long as thing runs up like another 100% in a few months, dont give a fuck if it drops 5 more today lol
Oh? More qqq puts? Ok cool, loading.
NIO is the cuck of the day
That company is trash. Stay away unless you love having your shares diluted.
fuck this market, i just lose money on every position
My guess is market is expecting a Biden win, QQQ dropping.
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2020-12-02 16:26:19 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-02%2016:26:19%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmove3/it_doesnt_feel_real_nio/gawqf39/?context=3)

[**3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjmove3%2Fit_doesnt_feel_real_nio%2Fgawqf39%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-02%2016%3A26%3A19%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jmove3)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[deleted]
autonomous is great and all but we aint gonna see that reap benefits prolly for another decade. if u wanna buy and hold go for it. doubt options will do u any good if that's what ur bettting on.
My all time graph has been forming a cock and balls pattern. The tip of the shaft is finally forming. Will post pics of it, it it cums to fruition. 🥰
Japan equities and European equities just got downgraded by blackrock. *new high record on nasdaq and s&p* so stupid, let the shit dump man.
Disconnect from internet and never lose money
I’m just a terrible trader
O O B
[deleted]
BOARS R FUK

Lean hogs down half a percent today lol
One of my almost-elderly bros has a multimillion dollar settlement against his name — he was a co-business founder where the company and people were all sued after a construction accident — so his technically-unmarried spouse owns all their assets and "rents" a room to her essentially-husband. He thought about declaring bankruptcy, but decided it would just be easier to be technically destitute, while living/serving his best friend / lady. They maintain separate, adjacent, legal addresses so that they are less-easily-proven "common law spouses."
Cute shoulder
Damn, I’m not going to be able to give my wives bf his weekly allowance
Probably relax. I expect to drop 5-6 bucks this week w/ a reversal. It happened last week. Some of y’all are too anxious
strike for PYPL (ER)? 200c or higher?
Figure your own shit out and learn to take action of your own accord or you’re gonna fail at literally everything in life

Asking others for approval and going along with the crowd is a sure fire way to not make it
Good luck to you all
Mission failed successfully?
Puts, big tech puts held since Friday
NIO calls are on discount right now guys. Buy them while you have time.
Is pringles a publicly traded company
Beets
[deleted]
Fuck Michigan
Then sell the top, retard. Oh you’re gonna hold till you’re red? Gl with that lmao
🌈🐻 Drill Teams Reporting

AAPL ☠️☠️☠️
AMZN ☠️☠️☠️
MSFT ☠️☠️☠️
QQQ 
SPY
Never has a post belonged here more than that one.
Selling sqqq puts??
PYPL probably gonna dump on earnings regardless of how good they are, huh?
And just like that I’m done. RCL you fucking chomo stock
Butts
finally not being a degenerate. sold my calls and just waiting until after election. i can’t take this shit market anymore
Pretty sure most of the weak hands left last Friday
i cant seem to stop, that's the problem
What even is leg day bro
Calls lol
Insider knowledge?
> not against the ability of retards to double the price of an arbitrary stock.

Underestimating the power of retardation will hurt you one of these days.
GUH, down 25k the last 3 weeks
Imagine being able to borrow Billions in risk-free money from the Fed only to fuck over retail traders.
How dare you talk about my father that way
Yeah it just started being glitchy 🙄
Tech dumping as Wall Street buries money under mattress
Haha I have a 25 push up before a meal rule going the last week. Chest getting swole, but I may go anorexic
Then we pull out and go all in on Boeing
🌈🐻 trap
Kamala is very anti big-tech and big-banks. Also, banks get wrecked when people can't pay mortgages..commercial real estate will crash first, then residential. It's not setting up well
RKT gang were back!
Pelosis husband
Hoping y'all sold calls and loaded up on puts
Shut up pip squeak
ok i may have put the word "gay" before the h word and i got flagged for "promoting hate speech" lmao but still, what the fuck?!
But Apple
I overexposed myself once. Now I get to introduce myself to new people every day
We’ve had big dips before then recover. This is nothing new.
Lol, nearly every company in the stock market makes revenue. What kind of lousy ass logic is that. Yes it has potential to run more than 2000 percent. Just not really good odds to bet on it after such a run already..... every China stonk has potential. Just like how the Chinese of Netflix, Starbucks, Twitter, twitch, amazon, etc etc all do too. 

Good luck expecting nio to be the “one”.
The dump at close will be unbelievable
Spy puts
again, it's just pinned to 330

yes, VIX is high, but it's been nuts since last monday.
I just got out of 11/20 40c ... I'll get back in eventually. Take it for what it's worth... Today is the first day in about a week that I don't see NIO dips being bought up within 5-10 min. It is however on its RSI low for 1 and 5 min chart so it's likely oversold right now but I'm still a bit skeptical mainly cause of election.
Fuck off FSLY and DKNG.
[deleted]
Well NIO turn around today?
Just stop then
I bought the bottom retard.
Same with NOK :((. Yet I keep buying leaps like a fucking monkey
i know bullish
Are my spy 330p going to bleed 🩸 to death
Buy NIO and BABA if Biden wins. Buy everything else if Trump wins.
fomo'd into 2/21 45c LOL time to sit back and sip on my juice box while the world burns and china forces everyone to buy a nio :D
But when Donnie nukes China out of spite
[removed]
pretty sure they're basically giving away AMZN shares for free right now
Take my money, and make it double
[deleted]
Just tell yourself if you can buy the top you can buy the bottom just do better next time!
Tell that to all the people who have lost their job, or company's that are closing down. 

By the way your position is better off when there is a pandemic ongoing than a vaccine.

Your comment is like : "just buy a house if you are homeless"
ROASTED APPLE 🍎...
Bucks
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Phil Collins - In The Air To](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA)⠀►►⠀ 3:16 / 4:54 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Maybe, one of these groups of people believe that if trump doesn’t win they will be enslaved by a deep state organization, that seems like a pretty good reason to go nuts
That’s fucking insane. It’s literally our genus. 

Homo sapiens. You’re a homo. I’m a homo. We’re all homos.
its like everytime I hit refresh on my brokerage webpage I lose $100
Wow. Maybe China stocks \*would\* fall the day after a Trump win. I gotta think about that.
Why are people selling so much starbucks
I’m all reits and prefs and it feeeeeels gooooood
That is the lamest reply I've seen. I'll steal any meme, its just an image and if your self worth is based on a jpg you are 2 steps away from going long $ROPE anyways
Bought NIO at 33.49, collected $310 on NOV 35c.  Guess I'm holding this nice bag till next year.
Wow my dick is so small I open credit spreads
It ramps up lots during pre-market
SEDG earnings beat AH? FSLR did great as well
Too high IMO
Haha that’s the wsb way, good luck
The broad market moves as a whole in general with certain segments moving more or less.
Can someone Vimeo me so I can buy lunch
Get your AMC earnings lotto tickets now in case this shit pulls a Kodak once they report revenues again
# B  _  _  _  S  R  FUK
Who???
But pre market was green!
No u
Honestly don’t think the fear is there for a big sell off right now
[deleted]
DBX. How do we feel about it?
That’s actually what I’m
Doing rn.
no it wont 

where do you live where you think the fat fucking useless libs have enough balls to start some fires
Jerome, his arms closed.
I guess America is off the hook with our surging COVID cases?
Someone just sold 1,000,000 shares of $SPY wtf at 11:23
They just wanting to buy a lower dip
a hot red head with good nuggets
Spy not dumping. Wtf is this
All y’all saying spy premium insane and me seeing -20% is pain
Probably back to the late Sep low in the 106s.
IPOB broke 16 🤣
Hey it's me! Got caught bag holding NIO
Alexa play Phil Collins - True Colors
Fuck I cant believe how much money we're making
RGR and SLV my babies
Was using think or swim whil PDT banned on robinhood for a while. Just got robinhood back and I might stick with TOS cuz this shit glitchy af the whole time ive been back on it.
FRIENDSHIP ENDED WITH TIM APPLE
respectable yet autistic wsb mindset. you’d do find here
Check history. Gun stocks moon when a dem is elected. They tank when a rep is elected.
Yes, sir
You’re telling me the 327’s I purchased at open have a chance?!?
[deleted]
Remember a lot of traders don't have experience and started this week out with cash or were already in. As time passes this week they will add more and more to their position size, especially if it trades flat or drifts down. They will be fine at the start, but then they will slowly overexpose themselves. Then once things start getting wild they will either bail due to the volatility increase or barf up their positions from a massive loss. Expect it from them and don't let it happen to you! Don't get lulled into opening more positions during the slow parts of the week!
[deleted]
Short ba @ 149
This is the week to go full theta gang. Volatility is through the roof, so you can get juicy premiums with little risk. Personally, I’m holding some Iron Condors. Market could go up, down, or sideways, so I’m not holding directional positions
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323299476732284934?s=20 

> BLACKROCK DOWNGRADES EUROPEAN EQUITIES TO NEUTRAL ON SURGING COVID CASES, RENEWED RESTRICTIONS; DOWNGRADES JAPAN EQUITIES TO UNDERWEIGHT
Is DKNG’s mission to drill to the center of the fucking earth? Because if so, mission accomplished. 😖
Theoretically if Bxden wins and the election is contested.. $BABA would be fine, right??
Selling everything, but I'm buying calls tomorrow.
The cost of puts is too damn high!!!
I’ve been following nio since like $6. Last week I finally said fuck it and bought 40k worth of shares. Makes me sad see what I could have had but better late than never because once this shit really starts taking off we are going to see $100+
r/dogecoin 

very coffee, much wow, to the mooen!
They are making revenue which is a big deal. Was tsla making revenue in the first few years? Not saying it's another tsla but has potential to run more.
Gave my weekly sacrifice of 10% of my portfolio 

It’s up from here folks
How is WAP not a ticker
Resting easy on the sidelines.
And you think that matters? Lol
Everything is expensive and not worth it
buy UVXY?
🌈🐻 TEAM 6 TEAM 6!!  

PLEASE PROCEED TO FINISH OFF QQQ
SPY premium is insane
Shut the pump down, Jerome. There’s no more need for you here.
Very nice words but we don’t say that over here buddy
BAH GAWD OH MIGHTY

THAT MAN AAPL HAS A FAMILY GOD
DAMNIT
I’m not opening any today. I am already in SEDG, SQ, and 8 others.
RIP to the greatest market that ever lived ⚰️⚰️
lol exactly
Apple and amazon single handily tanking the market. Feels good to be a gay bear
[deleted]
[deleted]
plastic fridge for several years. autist.
Same lol
die nasdaq die
oh its you, my pooping buddy's other account, my acct got banned too for 7 days cuz I said the h word that rhymes with fomo
[deleted]
If spy could finish red, that’d be chill
Go to the Wendy’s Twitter page. That will give you a general idea.
Spy still green
Why can’t you just fuck off and SPY!
I use my e-garbagecan
smart
didn't age well
Elevator go DOWN
Dont overthink it
RIP Timmy Apple
all in'ing at 10
[deleted]
[deleted]
"\*chomp\* I'm ruined! \*cries\*"
Im new to this.  If their next earnings is on 11/12, should I be looking at call options expiring on Nov 12, or the next week out?  Thanks.
I agree but I watched QQQ,  spy , nio , cwh , tsla and roku all drop in unison??
Cash coming back to do what PJ traders couldn’t and break 324.
remember to buy industrials so they can dump them later to buy tech
I AM 🐻 HATER AND LOSER OF MONEY
We are gonna close red, aren't we?
Seriously, why is it dropping?
How is SNAP still over 40
VXX has a boner
Lmao I see what you did there
With the nonsense that will be this election, is it even possible for tomorrow or Wednesday to be green?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why though?
gun stocks underrated right now.
Backwards Market confirmed
Nasdiq needs some blue pills. Somehow my portfolio isn't hurting too badly. For now. Fuk
Bye bulls see you next time
Good call just don’t. I gotta say I’ve lost way more on options but at least it’s not as greasy as leaving the hard rock at 6am to drive home down $400
NIO going to rampage 5% into close and everyone knows it.
ooooo we crashing
Ready to nut tbh
“With 5G, you’ll be able to dump even faster than before.”

—Tim Apple
And....DKNG red LMAO
Jeff bezos said the n word again
Apple puts 🤑
This is my play account. My work 401k is more diversified. I am poor by the way. 

https://imgur.com/a/qc9B7jN
Drill time?
That's definitely true. Doubt we'll go back to 30 but taking profits when you got em is the name of the game.  Might do the same next time
Wow, thanks for the useless info.
high volume sell off broke spy below 330
[watching my AAPL calls like ](https://youtu.be/maKkcA5iiSo)
Still confident?
Are election FDs the ultimate earnings plays?
Closing red EOD
It's a McDondals, but they don't cut corners.
Rotation out of Tech into Industrials after good indy numbers. RIP Nasdaq.
Huge calls on ZM exp this Friday. Personally just waiting to jump in when the sell off seems to be done
No market, don't do it again

Don't do it again

I'll be a good boy

I'll be a good boy, I promise

No market don't hit me

Why did you have to hit me like that, market?

Don't do it, you're hurting me


Why did you have to be such a bitch
Holy Vix
Yeah just can’t see AMZN not going above 3100 before next EC

Not to say I likely didn’t over pay....
Everyone sleeping on plug. $20 EOM
Last chance to dump the 🌈 and buy calls 🌈🐻
I haven't hit 100% on this one yet. It was up 50% earlier today but I held it, now it's back to like 20%. Wish I had sold my GME calls when they hit 100% though :\
take the plastic off you psycho
You're not alone  😢
Biden probably a bit better for China stocks, but literally anyone winning on the 4th would result in a modest rally imo.  

Trump probably a bit better for tech.
thank god i used that fake ass pump to buy more puts. WSB called it right for once
i feel like that savings is mostly concentrated to the upper 15%
Did Tim Apple kill someone over the weekend or something?
Shaka when the walls fell :(
Bro be patient. Money will come.
Let's see
Fucking finally
Loooool Not now
Unless it’s VXX
NET u okay?
Smoke signal
That's exactly what I experienced. Luckily I got my election trade in at the top. I had made a quick few hundred in NIO and by the time I got out of the shower I sold down 30$
[deleted]
90. my bad
I think she got stuck in the washing machine
Damn I got gotten
What is this communism
McDonald’s but with more bacon
lmao
I've decided to YOLO $5K on either SPY calls or puts for the last 10 minutes of trading. Hoping for that 5 bagger boys, let's get it!
BAH GAWD 330 HAS BEEN BROKEN
Look at the valuations of both companies. Both in terms of market cap and PE ratio. Atlas air is way undervalued while ATSG is overvalued...this isn’t 100% certain but just some DD that one might want to take part in
I was thinking beige 😛
what just happened
[deleted]
Just be careful. Small companies can in fact double pretty easily. $2T companies less so. This was purely a bet against large numbers, not against the ability of retards to double the price of an arbitrary stock.
Upvote this man
They bought
Also loser
LETS GOOOOO
wtf who knew there was something called **Day Trade Call**
Newman’s Own k-cups. What a 🌈got
Do you go to the porn subreddits and complain when people don’t post that their girlfriends didn’t put out for the night?
I think the billionaire class has managed to save most of that. The remaining people dipped pretty hard into savings for the most part.
The Stork
Trump bad for China, dems bad for tech (antitrust)
Clean your fridge bro. You got some white stuff on it.
Nasdaq dying,
FOMO. They weren't weeklies so I should be safe.
STEP RIGHT UP AND TEST YOUR GRIP STRENGTH ON QQQS WILD RIDE!
what exactly is a wendy's? I am a europoor and we don't have that here.
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323298799348027396?s=20 

> \*J.C. Penney Settles With Holdouts, Easing Bankruptcy Sale
You know in the movies when a ship captain realizes they're all about to die so he starts singing to himself and won't answer any of the people yelling at him?

Bulls rn
🎶When the SPY falls..🎶
already in my underwear
This may be one of a few accounts, especially if the dude is putting in 135k
Weekly spy puts pumpin
[deleted]
Imagine if your account showed candles so you could see the exact moment you fucked up
We're going to win so much you might get bored of winning!! 🥇🏆🏅
Say it with me kids:

DIE SPY, DIE
[deleted]
Buy nio dip?
So uhhh, AAPL where ya going
What strike?
335 by close.
A lack of funds to buy a long put in SPY is the only reason
What about hating on mods?
hnnnnnnnng.  that's the sound my tummy and my angina makes.
🌈🐻 Reporting - SPY 330 breached, MSFT tanked

Elite Team 6 going in.

Luv, 🌈🐻 maintenance team
three heisman winners!

(two of them are broken but whatevs)
Inflation city
If I wanted to burn my money I'd just smoke some weed. I love to gamble but I thank the stars that I don't ever feel like going to a casino.
[deleted]
ZM just has 5% swings twice a day like it's some penny stock
Cash gang(bang) where u at
Earnings run up
So let’s say tomorrow. Biden has a massive lead in reporting. Would this be good or bad for Tech.  


Lets say trump has any lead at all. Would this be good or bad for NIO and China stocks.
hope you have ur shorts ready
That's because we always make money and never lose money, it's the first rule of trading. Don't tell me you actually lose money...
[deleted]
The battle of 330 will soon be fought
>Heather Boushey

I'm feelin it
If your entire personality is hating on bears or bulls, you’re a loser
Will someone please hammer the close door button? I'm headed to basement level 6 and need to get there FAST.
AMZN calls took my money 😥
PINS strong because literally every single mother over the age of 34 uses it.
[removed]
Man of my word
second down, VIX in the gun, the snap is to VIX, options out to his left side, and he cuts back upfield HE HAS A CREASE AND VIX now tackled for a gain of 3
-90% is expected, the positive is something to talk about.
Someone narc’d. I got banned. Fuck yo couch. 
Buying any contract today and holding overnight is just about the dumbest thing you could do today.
That cant have been the momment we have all been waiting for...
And ammo. Lots of ammo. Not only will it come in handy for protection during the collapse of society, it will also serve as a fantastic medium for trade. You could definitely get a chicken for a 9mm round.
Is BYDDY just free money?
anyone playing FSR?
LMAO.  You may have wagered too much.
[removed]
Bearish
I mean I feel like tomorrow is the most likely day for it to pump....
Time to drill.
Where do babies come from?
I tell ya hwat
$330 holding steady
Why did u do it?
anybody else looking at AMD jan 15 2021 calls? IV isn't that high on them (50% which I know is fucking high but this market is fubar and that's low compared to other stocks on here) and they're only asking 2.00 a call. seems like a decent play

edit: 90 strike
This. Fuck you in the ass OP
True money lies in being flexible. And no retards, don't start stretching your damn dick, I meant it in terms of investing.
According to Barrons, Americans have managed to save $1.3 trillion so far this year.  What do y’all think is going to happen once we have a vaccine and another round of stimulus (in addition to an extremely accommodative FED of course)?  Turn off the mainstream media for a while, Americans are sitting on PILES of money that they are scared to spend right now.  I’m theta/cash gang until we move through this period of uncertainty, but we are entering into a time of unprecedented prosperity.  

AMZN $5000 12/31/21
FSR excellent bounce off of 11.60
Yea die SPY die
I tried to tell you
I’m eating a tuna sandwich
If I just took profits early and didn’t try to day trade NIO 😢
I see it. Respect retard
looking like it's going to
I bought NIO at the top, AMA
I’ve never made money on 0DTE but they’re pretty fun.
The autism that allows these gains is the same autism that leads to losing it all.  But yeah you’re right NIO is only going up from here.
Fuck bought NIO at 33. January 39C. Oh well
329 🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃
\+1 vote from me just b/c a legendary MJ music video.
JFC, always buy the dips on Aunt JMIA, she is always in the kitchen cooking tendies
Why buy puts on a SPY etf vs just spy puts? Liquidity on those is such bootyhole
You love to see it
Now everyone is saying “Bears are Fukt” so I’m gonna take that into consideration and buy puts...
Does this feel like winning to you?
[removed]
TWTR pricing in a bankruptcy
Fully expecting SPY to pump after this constant dump teasing
i’m just gonna wait eod to buy puts
Yeah wtf is it mooning for 🤡
Why is spy on a spot. Is this MMs at work ?
Survivorship bias. Think of all the shitty trades you could’ve made, but forgot about.
What are you doing *step-SPY* 😧
Finally
Look it up there’s more articles
We broke 330 for 30 seconds!
Seriously. I encourage my girlfriend to be as conservative as possible. She's my safety net.
Not yet
true, true, definitely takes a hit LT. It might be worth buying the dip though for a quick scalp in 20 or so minutes
They have the temerity to produce an actual product and profits making them practically boomer stocks in this economy.  Maybe Trevor M. can come out of hiding in Venezuela to take over for Tim
I feel like every team has a covid positive player at this point
Automation would increase their profits without paying drivers. You'd probably want leaps if you wanted to bet on that.
Bro the stock was like 20$ when that article was written gtfo
Never buy options that expire on a Monday, buybfor friday
Keep buying nio buddy
never say never
Samsung appliances aren’t garbagé
i hate how all the 0dte retards never post loss porn it always how they made 100% in 5 minutes never -90% in 5 minutes
who cares?
Can feel it just begging to be cut loose and tank
preston smith tests positive for impostor syndrome
330 is such a cock tease
[deleted]
Yep they can count mail in ballots for a certain amount of days after the election
Buy!
SELL! no! Wait no BUY! Wait?
Not trying to offend. Just trying to help you be better
Or take it off in a few years and you have a new fridge once again
KEEP UR HANDS IN THE VEHICLE AT ALL TIMES
it's relentless too, you'd think after time it'd stop or the urge would lessen but it never does. just as strong and impulsive from the first day it introduced itself to you
Weird flex
Good man, stimulate the economy and my portfolio. You're a kind man.
Lately, my bidet
My $325 11/02 puts are dead.... Fuck
Like what? It just smashed earnings and is well positioned for extended covid environment. What other negative catalysts are coming?
...why not? TSLA is worth nearly 4 times that currently.
no clue what you are talking about. But thank you for obsessing over me.
Those are definitely my lottos

They were profitable on Friday lol
What a meme stock LYFT is
90%to 50% since I started... 11k to 1.8 to 5.3 k... you gotta pay to play. It’s just chips
Flatter than hank hills ass
They barely making more revenue than they did in 2018. Still only selling what, a couple thousand cars a month? In that fucking country with what, half a billion drivers? Ya sorry, that’s pretty fucking weak. But ok, go ahead and keep believing in it. 

There’s a good reason why it’s market cap is still low
Qqq puts
I'm down 94.2% all time...
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323297378946949122?s=20 

 \*GREEN BAY PACKERS PLAYER TESTS POSITIVE FOR COVID: NFL NETWORK
Free money hack: 

Set limit buy on SPY at 330, stop loss at 329.99

Sell when you’re up. GG
Spy fk off and die I just wanna get rid of you please. The longer you take the more money I lose :(
MSFT 220c 3/20
Vxx rips premium does not move 🤡market stuff
JMIA is an index on its own at this point...
I’m holding NIO. I like watching the money disappear.
This choppy shit is nuts but god damn if it's not easy to scalp
TWTR will see a huge influx of volume in bitching no matter who wins, so this is also very valid.
$100 play gives me 300-400% returns, but the moment I raise the stakes...
"I'm surprised I'm still here I've been bear gang since february. Turned 3k into 230k, paid off 120k worth of student loans+car and lost the rest of it. Living paycheck to paycheck rn to finish paying the capital gains by december 31st. Buying like 1k in fd puts per month hoping to catch the next ride down.

I've always been a degenerate though so I'm prob here to stay."

No you lost 110k and are worth shit right now.
[deleted]
was down 96%, and only two weeks ago, i got to -49% now back to -80% all time. so i think yeah but you need luck
How many times do I have to tell you guys

-- Trump pulls ahead, market tanks: Most recently, Trump jumped ahead after his good debate performance and that tanked the market for a few days. Then, on Friday, it came out that he was pulling ahead dramatically with good turn out and Biden was sagging on poor turnout, and it turned the Biden relief rally on Trump's slowing momentum from the debate into another mini-crash day.

-- Biden pulls ahead, markets jump: Today some favorable poll with a big 10% Biden lead nationally came out. Whether this shows Trump's late burst of momentum or not, we'll find out starting tomorrow. 

You can always tell an optimistic Biden rally because it's accompanied by a leap in renewable energy stocks and industrials/infrastructure stocks. You can always tell a doom and gloom Trump market mini-crash because it's accompanied by a bump in the same old stay at home coronavirus stocks that are on the last legs of a bubble and industrials/infrastructure stocks die a little more.

If you listened to me, you'd be making bank on options trading just ahead of these swings
Stop calling me out
Real Talk ladz, watch Pennsylvania tomorrow before you jump at the markets on Wednesday, I live here and they are doing some strange shit with mail in ballots and it could take weeks after election day to get a vote tally
That's...a fair point
Amazon and Apple drilling market crash incoming 🌈🐻. Puts puts puts
He actually fucking does
[deleted]
momentum has slowed down and SPY is bouncing off 330, wonder if it breaks
[deleted]
Can you send $28K?
Ooh it's always fun watching VXX and SPY rise together.
if you can believe it, there are more days coming after tomorrow that could tank AMZN, lmaooo
VXX is a shit hedge in my experience
RIP
Yes.
Jesus Christ this is choppy
Whatever it takes.
To prepare for the only way they know how to calm their wife's bf when he gets home from work, bears spending the remainder of the day deepthroating bananas.
[removed]
Spy wants to dump so bad
Yeah bro, I am mad as well on missing out on those gains.
[removed]
You did great, but you just forgot to apply the #1 rule.  Always inverse WSB.
[removed]
Love the warranty sticker, excellent work fuckboy.
Leave the plastic on so when your options inevitably become worthless you can easily return the fridge you can’t afford.
trash
Also gonna bleed if Senate and White House aren't same party.
I can imagine - I knew a kid in Uni who did the same thing and then killed his parents. He is serving lifetime in prison now
VXX calls VTI puts lets gooooooooo
JUST FUCKING DIE SPY
I thought I was getting this shit at a discount...
They just declared BK
spy stuck in quicksand
That 330 resistance is strong
[removed]
Imagine walking to the fridge and seeing price action and being able to make the trade at the fridge just in time, worth it
Just loaded up on 0DTE $330p. I better not get burned lmao
Ban the ...... market?
I am having a day where most of my options positions are red and my hedge with VXX calls are all down at the same fucking time.  Fuck I really have this options trading shit down to a fucking science!
No. But very common occurrence to be aware of both at the end and start of each month and qtr.
HERE IT COMES!

yes, here indeed comes a little blip to take us just south of 330.5 again
I would hope you guys have a clear winner over there cuz I don’t want that shit to reach the courts and tank the market 🤡
GODDAMN YOU BA GO FUCKING DOWN YOU PIECE OF SHIT USELESS DEATH TRAP FACTORY!
Imagine buying AMD over good ole INTC at a discount
Let me get in on some of this action. Alright, with our money combined we only need $4200 for a share. Who else is in?
Dump this shit so I can get in cheap lol
Pretty sure that a circuit breaker would come into play on the way to 290
That’s gambling for ya.  If you haven’t already, don’t ever go to the casino son...
Jeez we're going crash. Bulls really can't put up a good fight.
[deleted]
https://amp.detroitnews.com/amp/5275209002

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/may/07/michigan-lawmaker-armed-escort-rightwing-protest

https://mobile.twitter.com/fordfischer/status/1279463131861979136

And the classic:

https://capitolweekly.net/black-panthers-armed-capitol/
Just don't camp on my lawn okay?
what's your venmo? I'll send you the toll you'll need for Charon at the river Styx.
Warren more like Bill Gates retard
Apple and Amzn just keep selling off
[deleted]
Hold
Heather Boushey > AOC

sorry fellas
No position on AMZN but I saw big calls exp late Nov, mid Dec, and some in January as well.
This market is ass.
Buy
RIP QQQ
[deleted]
I personally think this tech is inevitable but it will take years more until we get there.

So basically shares.
TSLA puts...worth it
 "Once again, the conservative, *sandwich*\-*heavy portfolio* pays off for the hungry investor!
Selling puts on a couple things I want to buy cheap. Exciting right?
Trending toward clear winner (regardless of tweets) = Green as the cash we pay your mom with.

Tightly contested election = Redder than communist China
In honesty,  do UVXY calls have any chance to go tits up?
TLDR - Sell NUT because it’s no nut November
Why do you think it went up?
I'm at -85% in my RH account.  I'll let you know never.
He'll yeah brudr
I’m not offended
Do it
[deleted]
How do you see it not going down at least a bit tomorrow?
[deleted]
Cause earnings week
Don't buy NIO

https://www.google.com/amp/s/investorplace.com/2020/10/3-reasons-why-nio-stock-isnt-the-next-tesla/amp/
Yeah man I was down 84% and now im only down 71% 🤮
[removed]
[deleted]
This is it bois the downfall
It’s a 😴 buy
stuff the ravens on first down and they have a hard time keeping the drive alive
Nio has sold every single car they've made so far. They upped production and still sold out. Of all Ev plays, they are possibly the one true competition to tsla. With China's backing, you can expect lot of swings but the market cap is still low. Were you complaining when Tesla had an insane run based on nothing but projections? Or you look at fundamentals only when it's convenient?
I had 30C jans that I sold for a 3 bagger. I would have more today if I held but that is okay. I just took out 11k and bought back in lol. Its so tough to know when to sell but I think on a 100% gain its fine lol
[deleted]
I’m not so confident of it because Dow is the highest of any Indexes
FOMO is a teasing bitch. You get that one trade that gives you unimaginable returns in a day and then think it's going to happen repeatedly, wiping your money as you think about that *one* time
HERE IT COMES
okay!
Hmm. This makes me want to play the runup of equally retarted future yolos
Just wanted to say, I like your name.
[removed]
One more run and done? Or did we hit the roof already?
Welp nows the time. RIP guys
This certainly doesn’t look like it’s gonna ump
Sell puts? Got it
Bro I posted it yesterday lmfao it’s actually 130 I think
Zero
I did the same buy high sell low lets goo
hi VXX
Yes I believe in it to the point my whole portfolio is $FSR but you gotta be patient
[deleted]
So 🌈 you might turn into a mod for reading it
How is that working out for you?
I sold and got back in
Hi I’m Chris Hansen.. Stfu clown
At 105 I may buy back in and go long. Shit maybe 100 see how this goes..
Bag hold until expiration, this is the WSB way
my puts expire today lmaooo
lol any predictions on which way or just generally that something happens
Anyone ever come back from -84%?
I have about 1500 buying power and im considering just using it all on UVXY shares lol. I just don't see how it doesn't go up even a little bit at some point this week
Suck my fucking dick pussy
Right we might get a pump after elections
not trading has been my best trading strategy for the past few weeks. My P&L has improved greatly. Especially the "L" part.
[deleted]
I don't want bears to win :/
lol VXX atm weekly puts are down even though VXX is down 2.5% today? I would never buy those options, you're still losing money even when shit goes your way haha no thanks
I guess we should all learn to love the taste of wonderbread
Exactly why I had to share it here
Hope u got a good reason to die on that incredibly stupid hill.
[removed]
Msft isn’t even sub 200. No dips yet
Dude, shut up
You bears r so retarded. You guys forgot the golden rule
So does mine. Nio will be worth $40+ by February
Proof or ban
Yeah just like today is green, because everyone turned bearish Friday lmao.
[deleted]
I sold at the top. Going to let it creep back down to $30 and buy back in. This weeks too volatile to not take profits. But am a long term fan.
You'll definitely have to. I'm bearish, but 300 is going full tard....and then some. Gigatard?
Don’t know. Never tried that before.
Amazon 3,000 is very strong. If tomorrow doesnt tank the markets. Leaps are a good idea
Buying opportunities for bulls, and cash outs for bears.. both parties win
Same boat. On the upside I finally found something I am really good at... losing money
If you sleep with your head oriented to the North, the Earth's magnetic field pulls blood (containing iron) to the crown of your head all night. Repeated every night for years, especially during early childhood when the brain is rapidly developing, this can have deleterious impacts on the humans life, with one of the neurological effects of this magnetic pull being autism.
Is this supposed to be a flex? That tech is 5 years ago
What you are about to see is going to change your view forever.
Vix ripping. You know what that means ya fucks
Drill Team 6

Rush QQQ

I repeat 

Drill Team 6

Rush QQQ
Already on it boss man
Both are shitting damn
FDX and CAT saving my account from being blood red again
All my homies fuck with the black tar 🥴🥴🥴
I’m very bullish on NIO, can’t wait to pickup more
Why would I want new iPhone if the stock don’t squeeze bears smh
I have $35C 1/15 so I'm just holding. Sometimes I wish I'd sell during one of the peaks and buy the same option again at a lower premium after a price correction but it's less stressful this way.
it'll break 330 once you sell your puts lol
looks like the bleeding has stopped for the day.  Can't break the 3300 door
Why
So is tomorrow red cuz I’m pretty sure some retards will be exiting lmao
[deleted]
I’ve got spy puts too. AMZN calls and spy puts don’t go well together. But I guess February is pretty far out
Tim Apple & Su Bae, why??? Go up
Who wants to pool money to buy 1 AMZN share? 😎
*JEING DEAO LEAMBEAU

*Sold by third party seller

*Not eligible for returns

*Ships from China 

*Not eligible for amazon prime

*Murder hornets included
Given enough time, yes. Automation is inevitable
Serious ?
Lmao It’s worked well for me so far. Once it doesn’t, I’ll bounce out.
Not illegal, just impossible
lol
So calls or puts?
I loaded up on some $3 strike lotto tickets myself
Dawg all three of those sectors are down during his presidency.... So No?
Okay so after reading more about it, I get it now. The stock price drops on the ex-date reflecting the dividend, not on pay day. This makes alot more sense. Do most stock not make up that gap quickly?
did 🐒 confirm this range?
Gay bear
$TWTR cause "trade talks going well" tweets for another 4 years
What do you guys think of FSR?
Yeah $ICLN would absolutely skyrocket
Why is gdxj going parabolic but gld and slv are fairly flat
You think it’s unlikely Trump wins?
GME
Michael VIX, back to pass, looking, looking, nothing down the field he's gonna have to tuck it and run, and he'll get back to the line of scrimmage but nothing more
Can confirm, I’d feel like I was mooning if I were up $100. 😭
VXX calls
Ok, a lot of people are saying this is different from 1987. Due to the rise of computer trading. Is there not a parallel from computer trading to rise in (1st time) retail investors? 
Also. History repeats itself all the time.
LAWS OF HUMAN NATURE
None of that has any info about what the price should be. It’s a great company that will do well. Stock is still overpriced
BA is erecting again
Mah ni🅱🅱a
i want to beat 330 in the head with a shovel
So many times people will say mooning or its ripping and the thing moved 20 cents lol
[deleted]
Fastly buy or sell?
We holding till tomorrow?
Oh then yeah def. that’ll be the time to stop gambling for a second and load up on a long future growth portfolio haha
Lol VXX rocketing & SPY gives no fucks
Fact.
Is it illegal to take a day off trading?  
Edit: if you still have money
$10 long calls cheap af
[deleted]
I cant wait to buy VXX puts and dine in Valhalla
Flat
His parents probably wish they did now just like he's wishing he'd got in earlier
What's your election play?
Be smart. Gay is losing money.
I like your idea, but why stop there if we can go below 290?
I bought VXX calls at open. I'm betting on no concrete answer for the election or unrest with the Don winning.
VIX is red
Make sure you pick a cool color.
How about no
600 shares
It will be patient
Needed that win, thanks SHW calls. +300%
Spy EOD?
Yes, Pappa
Votality? What is a volatility
Vix mooning while bulls fiddle w themselves
spxs
Shut up f@ggot. There’s a difference between shilling for a candidate and talking about effects of an election
I feel like 95% of the people here thinking mooning is when they’re up $100 in their robinhood account
3305-3315 range locked. Time to nap.
The only way to defeat Bog guys is to Hold
Yeah probably right
Autism is very complicated, with no single biological component having been identified as the cause. I think early childhood brain development is a key piece of the puzzle.
So much red tape involved in that
I think that's basically everyone today.
Down she blows
[deleted]
Yes I keep telling myself since they're wonky I need to sit out but Im a degenerate
Donnie's plan is to bury the election in lawyers to stop mail-in ballots from being counted after November 3rd, using lawsuits.

He actually said so himself, explicitly.

My guess? If he's so much as tied with Biden by November 4th, he'll declare victory and declare mail-in votes being counted after election day to be a fraudulent criminal conspiracy, using any available avenue to block them, including his 6-3 conservative supreme court.
What puts you guys getting for tm?
🤮🏃🤢 

🗑
Did you buy the dip son?
[deleted]
SPY puts and AMZN calls for Feb.
what puts to buy EOD?
Blue skies ahead... Then to the moon.
[removed]
[deleted]
Just bought .00001 shares of AMZN 😎 lambos here i come
Lol very true. Today even more so. I see momentum moving upwards but prices moving down.
Because she said she wasn't supposed to talk about it
Plug gonna pull a NIO
If you can’t answer that question for yourself you shouldn’t be here
[deleted]
what is this shit? Where's TLDR? You expect me to read all of that? Just tell the strike & expiry
6-7 months during the years of age 3-5 have monumental impacts for the rest of their life. And also, we clearly are still in the thick of the pandemic and WFH/Virtual Learning environment. There's no telling, from here, how long this will go.
come on Wall Street, make my brain release the happy chemical
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thats actually incredible
Everything
I have spy 300p 11/6 and I’ll hold until 99% loss if I have to
It's worth $13 for an FD, so I got just one.  They did announce a sale of 22MM shares or something like that to raise cash, so I was expecting a bigger drop this morning.
$155 xd
May
I’m bag holding these from over the weekend lol I want off this ride
" Y'all of all" - nice
Dow will  go down
Went from a 5% up day to a neg 3% AT AMA
>but I’m right

You sound like a child
Wtf r u talking about this is gonna flip red u autistic retard fuck
[deleted]
Thank fuck I stopped shorting Lyft those green dildos would have wiped me out
but r they really?
its never breaking 330, fuck me sideways
[deleted]
So are you saying the algo bought calls when the price had just dropped a bunch despite otherwise increasing trends?
What stocks we thinkin will moon if Trump wins, financials? oil? defense?
So Nio is worth more then 100billion thats what 100$ share price makes it.. I wouldn't bet on it mate but hey we gonna see loss porn idc 😎
Bears and AMD bagholders all going broke, gotta love it LMAO
He didn’t take a screen shot of the whole account only saved that crappy screenshot that hides people knowing it’s a paper account
exp?
down 12% leading into the holiday months, where most retail stores are getting fucking decimated because everyone is afraid to leave their homes. you think people are gonna be lining up at best buy this year for the ps5? lmao not a chance
It’ll probably just stabilize and then moon a different day. It does that all the time, but not before a red day
Wish I could say I was joking lmfao
Amzn? Apple? what are u talkinga bout
Even if beats. ....gonna be sideways....so be calm and njoy
Both
Big whales traveling in packs slaughtering bears left n right and it's not manipulation
IV because of the election
[deleted]
Yeah, because 1/15 is not this Friday
Ngl this day is kind of annoying
These are some officials looking documents you‘ve got here. Im convinced.
The amount of liquid capital needed to move stocks a certain direction would far exceed any potential gains from making options expire worthless.

There's tons of manipulation in the market but this isn't it
>XBLrameen

Vix calls
GM for earnings $31p end of Nov
Buy your stupid dip bulls I dare you you’re just fighting red rn tomorrow you fight the blue
Where should I put my 401k if we're talkin bonds? Options are pimco, dodge and cox, and vanguard inflation protected / total market index
[deleted]
Interesting to come here and see this comment for the 10th time
Maybe. They are going to sell a shit ton of Bronco's and that mustang-thing. I won't pretend to know how much that should add to the market cap.
That's always been their endgame.
Throwing in kitchen sink yet
The whole month of October has them out of wack.
She’s going down yall
thanks for the confirmation bias on my 0dte calls
SPY, VIX is calling your bluff
no you fucking don't lmao
If you don’t have UVXY calls what’re you doing?
Can go either way but risky as hell to play it with elections this week lol
So spy is going to stay right at where it open at or what
 Can we just free fall to 310 already , in one fucking candle please
...so that's how they're hacking robinhood.
Story of my life
Be careful trading today. I have a feeling that MMs are trying to lure in retail traders today before the contested-election rug pull.
Have one 33c 12/18
VXX be creepin...
IV high, sell options. IV low buy options. Be the casino, not the drunk douchebag
You know dumping one share of amazon won’t make a f difference?
I wanna buy some 0 DTE 325 puts so bad but don’t wanna be gay 😤
Anyone else think NASDAQ might go red but S&P and Dow won’t?
DGLY popped 18% this morning. Think it's going to rally even more with the election tomorrow. Thoughts?
[Lol](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/climate-environment/2020/10/28/trump-tongass-national-forest-alaska/%3foutputType=amp) there goes that
12 mo forecast for NIO.. $44 low, $155 median.. these guys aren't going away between their backing and prospects to expand.  HLD https://money.cnn.com/quote/forecast/forecast.html?symb=nio
The largest company in the world is shitting itself but no way this pump is fake and gay, huh
Y'all of all people know how fast VIX can change...
yes
Now flat/kanggang till EOD, as is tradition
UVXY 11/6 calls free $$$
Theta! Strangles from Friday coming in noice....
[deleted]
“I’m just going to flip these real quick”

“Shit, wrong direction, guess I’ll hold another hour or two”

“Goddammit, oh well holding another day can’t hurt”

Rinse, repeat 😎
[removed]
Might as well hold, right?
Ur gonna be so poor
Yay! I am hoping for a dip before buying.
You guys think it's too early to buy MSFT 1/15 2021 230C?
Vix creeping up
Organipulation.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Organic manipulation' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
Bought, legged out, got back in, now red for the day lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
You're right, it's a great price
They still have a 2 billion dollar contract with gm
F
[deleted]
If Trump wins (unlikely at this point) than Stimulus Maybe by December.   
If Biden wins, no stimulus until Feb, McConnel and Trump have no more incentive to pass anything, and they will suddenly remember what fiscal conservatives they have always been.
You’re speaking strictly post-election yeah?
Aw babe
think PYPL beats? or priced in?
I mean it's only been 6-7 months of quarantine, not years and years. So idk if that constitutes being "raised in isolation" but keep up the alarmist bs, feels bullish.
Organic manipulation
Weird flex but ok
why are spy puts so fucking expensive this week wtf i wanna be a millionaire
Strange looking condom
Anyone else hate these fucking comments as much as me or am I fucked
What are the chances that Amazon announces stock split and that causes the opposite of TSLA dilution news?
Now that it’s reached $35. It definitely can do $45 by June of next year.

This is straight up stock bag holding.
Jeez why spy otm puts still expensive was going to hedge some with my portfolio but shit might get wreck even more
Metal gangggg
bought 31K worth of 40Cs last Friday when they were on sale briefly. Nio is a long game options play.
Anybody else's momentum indicators all out of whack??
That’s why when IV is high, u sell OTM calls or spreads. Friday, sold a bunch of strangles, all coming in with this crush. Theta! When the time is right.
*Boing, boing, boing*
If we are going up 1.50 is the barrier. The put will decrease in value along with the call increasing. Once broken the growth is exponential.
[deleted]
We're a friendly bunch usually but sometimes the meth gets us
Imagine thinking Amzn at 2999 is a good price

Edit: downvotes! Must have found the call holders
Options are indeed broken.

Like seriously their price is a goddamn paradox. The premium should reflect the likelihood of big dick moves, but their cost of arbitrage is purely how often the price crosses its strike. And in ideal conditions that cost is 0. But then an option can't be worth 0 because there's no chance that the price will remain exactly at strike at expiry. So it's a paradox that rewards sellers bigly.

Being Theta gang is like owning a casino, though nobody will actually tell you how to make money. Covered calls or "cash covered puts" (i.e. actually just naked puts) are actually dumb. You just shift your deltas around but the sum total is the same.
Pain
[deleted]
35c 11/20 40c 1/15/21
No.  But we will welcome them in here in 16 years anyway.
[deleted]
Love you, Boo
"Hey Google - Play Free Fallin' by Tom Petty"
5% movement in spy this week and I’m all in.
Home sick today so I bought spy put hoping to recoup lost wages
MSFT not as much SNE
He’s a bow hunter lmao
Magnets and autism, how do they work
If you bought shares you should be good, they got saved from bankruptcy and have the support of the Chinese government. This company shouldn't tank but you never know, plan accordingly 👍
BAN THIS SPAMMING FUCK
[removed]
[deleted]
Can't believe I played it from 3000 to 3400, made a shit ton, and then lost all that money backwards
Gay bear
👌🏻👄👌🏻
[deleted]
Exactly.
Yeah in Amazon
[deleted]
Always inverse wsb. I can't even afford to do options
[removed]
No one knows. I need an adult.
What puts are you playing for tomorrow?
[deleted]
Getting cucked by Tim Cuck and Jeff Cuckzos as usual. What's new?
Cliff dive when there’s always a little pump the dump is afterwards
[deleted]
!remindme 5 hours
Wut
fuckin IV through the roof (as expected)...might just need to sell some calls
[deleted]
Buyers came in at 3196.
[deleted]
shoot the protesters yes.
Yep. Called inverse WSB on Friday because I’ve been here for uhh more than 4 months unlike most of you /all crowd
It was actually already worth only $.60 like 2 weeks after I sold it. Retards cut both ways: They'll pay an insane premium, but they'll keep paying it for months, forcing you to wait to expiration to collect it all LOL

The fact that this is still worth $.07 is almost as crazy as when it was worth $1.25.
idk
I see amazon coin is below 3k. Time to buy the dip fellow retards
BeCuZ ThEy GuNnA TakE mUh GuNz!!
Whales using xlv and xlf to keep spy alive. Manipulating cunts
Jeezus amazon is a fucking buy, but nah let’s jump into airlines
Shoulder giveth, shoulder taketh.
[deleted]
As all dead cats do.
NIO positions?
I am losing.
[deleted]
We both got autism haven't we

Yup

*well that's good to know*
[deleted]
Spreads or risk reversals.
I made money buying bonds for coal companies under the Obama admin.  
I made money trading corn during Trump's trade war.  
Opportunities abound no matter who is in charge.
Yeah it’s ridiculous
How to get the market to sell off = dump amazon and Apple which makes up 20% of the market cap of the S&P. Algos will do the rest. 🌈🐻 let’s dump!
Ok so PTON below 100 tomorrow? Yay or nay?
The dividend man comes down your chimney, kicks you in the dick, then leaves the money.
Wait til close tmmrw you’ll be swimming in this bull trap
Hi :)
Cliff dive incoming 😬
Hopefully the printer gets fixed after lunch time
Seriosuly SPY 330.03 go fk yourself you peice of sht drop already.
If only you had shares instead.
[deleted]
It's alright spy, take a breather, don't wear yourself out.
blasphemy
They’re trying desperately to keep it above 330
[deleted]
this looks like $chwy $63c 11/6
[deleted]
That’s a long term play, 5g gonna take a sec
calls on the number of WSB-members
TRUE
is NIO done for the day or will it moon later
he bot? doompet
[removed]
I’ve been waiting for this one. Turn it up!
[deleted]
That's literally the opposite of today's news.

> (AMZN) had record sales in the third quarter, but the e-commerce giant also saw its shipping costs jump 57% year-over-year, reaching an eye-popping $15.06 billion
Legit interested in renting a paddle boat
But the dip
Sell calls for premium. To do this sell weekly calls that are above 125. You can sell 1 call per every 125c
Pls don’t bring that demon here
Horny
Every day
no, it dips this week then it moons
I am loaded with Dollar shorts. And this motherfucking DXY isn't budging a bit. Fuck it, gonna watch my account straight after I see a new POTUS elected. Everything else is high IV so no point in making fomo shit trades anyways. 🖐️💎
SNAP 36 at open tmrw
No bear Novembrrr
Is that how autism works?
Get puts then
No
[deleted]
unleash the kraken
[deleted]
it do be like that
[deleted]
Delisted
Text book
Every week for months now, lol
That’s the big question. How high? 35 today? then a big dip and maybe 38 eow?
[removed]
At 10:35 this morning there was a huge influx of mostly large call orders.   At the exact same time the stock dropped noticeably, but then had a slight rebound.  It almost feels like someone just dropped the price to keep some calls OTM.  I'd love a better explanation if you have one.
How we feeling bulls?
No i do pushup, pullups, and pistol squats cuz I'm not a biiiiiiiiiiiiiitch.

Just kidding man glad you're finding ways to keep movin, it's a really important component of a healthy life. 👍
Plz no
shouldn't u be posting david hunter's latest tweet and claiming it as your own?
But those are shares
[removed]
BW3 used to have 10 cent wings and ir was glorious
Nope, just sold for a 40% gain cuz we didn't move as I expected
ACES, ARKF, LOW, TGT, and of course RKT 🚀
Didn’t know AMZN had a prime day sale on their stock 😍
I have so much dip already I don’t have enough chips for this
Just had this thought. With so many families of early childhood children being raised from isolation at home, the neural development of millions of young children will be stunted in the regions of the brain responsible for social integration. This is going, as I see it, very likely lead to an epidemic of Autism in the coming decade.
I ain’t never seen an Election Day close✨ green ✨

🥘👄🥘
bought some VXX 30c 11/20
It’s cause you belong at r/smallstreetbets
Have you seen the GME videos?  I wouldn't say low quality lol
Hold, slight consolidation today. Check 6 month chart, expecting to keep going up in steps. ER coming mid month
[deleted]
Ban political Bs
These premiums are so expensive that these puts are barely moving with SPY dropping. I bought puts at $332 and these mfers only up 4%.
10 x 200
10 x 215
5 x 235

Max risk is around 10K
I have 150K in shares at 150ish as my long lol
Retard logic: Leave the plastic on so the 'fridge looks good.
It just went below 3000
Patiently waiting for the Donkey Kong moon mission.  Any hour now it’s going to rocket up $3-$4 a share
Nah bro I automatically swallow ;)
F
This is fucking crazy... today both bull and bears are fuk... kang gang takes the cake
[deleted]
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/maxoptionstrading don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Apple doesn’t lie
So out of one corner of your mouth you say it’s a myth, and the other corner you need to defend one of the very many proposed tax increases by dems that I brought up. I’m staying relevant to this sub so I’m not getting into it because I don’t want a politics ban, but I’m right.
It's an algo scraper. They use bots to collect data on options and then make plays based on the consensus of the data
Yeah he missed out on getting dropped on his head as a child
Dividends stocks typically go down in price after the dividend for exactly that reason.

A $100 stock that gives out a $1 dividend typically trades at $99 the next day, plus or minus whatever market forces affect the price that day.

The easiest explanation for this is that the company no longer has the money in its bank account. Imagine buying a $100 bank account for $100. After you withdraw $1 from it, you can only sell that bank account for $99 because you've instantaneously extracted value. Only if that $99 returns to $100 value could you make profit.

Mutual funds and ETFs also go down after distributions because NAV (and thus  their intrinsic value) goes down as the money leaves the fund.
Isn’t it true every election it’s negative -1% so this gonna have to tank soon
this is pissing me off
You had the audacity and good luck to buy the March dip.

You, like almost everyone else, made a fortune trading the big tech stocks. Among those you find your favorite race horse. You win almost every bet on this stock, and buying the dip always works.

One day the market suffers a correction and your positions take a hit. "I'm long term positive on this company, I'll buy the dip and wait" You say.

The day after that you wake up and it's a sea of red. Your favorites are declining over 3%. You say to yourself "Now is the time to go in". The stock keeps declining intraday, but you keep buying the dip, not realizing the huge position size you're building up.

The next day the correction continues. You've wiped out your initial gains and some more. You have no cash to buy any more dips. When the bell rings, your portfolio is utterly broken and so is your spirit.

You go look at futures gaining 0.34% and begin to type furiously on WSB: BEAR R FUK
Made good money on NIO now getting fucked
can the spy just go to 350
MMs: They fell for it? DAHMP IT
What a shit day for big tech
Well, I'm hedged good af over here. Bring it on, election night
Purely technical bounce.     Buy before close Friday (below moving averages and RSI) and dump that shit Monday morning
Snap puts
SPY going down, QQQ going down, PINS rocketing. Makes sense.
Hold. Da fuq?
Money Markets move their cash out slowly to capitalize on retail "buy the dip" tards.
If you wanna get in NIO now is the time this is the dippest of the dip
What the holy fuck TDOC
Ikr. I’d assume Harris is the antivaxer.
People just playing the short sell game with HYLN, it just needs some contract announcements to pump it.

Pretty pissed all my gains are gone but I’m hopeful towards the future
Would be funny to see this guy lose 20% of his capital on taxes in one year while deducting $4K/year in short-term losses for the rest of his life.
When did they do that?
This is truly what I’m here for. Fuck these puts.
shit i shouldn't have said that
Ya 95% of my portfolio is USA I’m just saying
VIXX CREEEPIN
Lmao I love it
[deleted]
You're right. 24hrs on wsb and 19k is 19 bolivars
What in the literal fuck is going on
He did post it albeit in 2014 ofc lmao https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/449525268529815552?s=21
Yikes
12/18 85c
Take the condom off your fridge already
"Why don't people buy when the market is committing sudoku but they buy when they're making cash money?"
Lol
11/6 spy puts.  All in.
That’d be dope
we’re about to fall of a cliff
:(
Amzn under 3000
I’m holding too bc I’m waiting for it to run up one more time but it’s not looking good. What’s the top? 35?
Good one bro.. we obviously didn't understand each other.

Can I:
When I see sub which is interesting to mark it and recieve notification when people answering the op.
Hope we understand to each other or shall I call to your gf, boyfriend to draw it up on graph for you.?
fuck you
ban
Snap back w the retard strength guhhh
hmm, I think the opposite. I guess that's what makes a market. Banks will be the flight to safety.....imagine that. Or, if decisive Biden win, stimulus is coming. OR, if feds relax bank buybacks...up up up
That’s what I told your dad last night
Can spy stop hovering at 330.30
pretty sure bezos just sold all his shares
Down 50% 30 minutes after following a bullish MDT unusual whales play. Nice.
[removed]
[deleted]
somewhere in the range of 20-40
Bought a 45c 2/21 lol hopefully doesn’t bite me
Buy the fucking Rolls Royce dip!!! I am sure the will recover and go in Now! Or am i fucked?
Lol I didn’t sell off immediately, so I lost a little, but I’m still up. The fact I started with $1k just a few years ago and just started options trading this year. I’ve worked up to $5k just today and 60% of it has been NIO.
[deleted]
You are now manually swallowing
gonna sell my call, u better not mooning
Your wife’s boyfriend has a nice fridge
-2% today?
Watch AMC report earnings and moon simply because they show an increase in quarterly revenue
Good job retrd
Finding the vaccine isn’t political. It’s being made political. He is not going to slow shit down because of sole obsession the right has about Hunter. When the scientific community has a vaccine that makes it through trials, it will be released. End of story.
As long as the order is always all buys then all sells it's just one.

buy buy buy sell sell sell = 1

buy buy sell buy sell sell = 2
Shit you not just watched this dude slam a Natty at a stop light, howl like a wolf, then point at me and peel out from the stoplight.

Puts on the Midwest
What’s your call positions?
Definitely an Autist if they peeled off the plastic like that.
I was going to buy some puts to hedge my long positions but damn, options for this week are crazy expensive.
All of Weed stocks are running, will probably do so tomorrow as well and if Biden wins will moon on wed.  IV is getting out of hand though.
yerp
Made $58 shorting NIO
Hold, sell if it goes above 331.
Back to where it came from
[removed]
Dare I triple down on Apple puts
4% return over three months guaranteed is pretty fucking nice
toiler paper hands and fomo
They’re the old money
Bears I was promised a crash so I’m cashgang now. What do I buy?
you may have diamond hands but you have a fucking coal brain
Yep you definitely belong in this sub...
Listen boys, if we get a major rug pull or circuit breaker this week, the Casino goes back to easy mode and then 🚀🌚 on calls.
I got in at 9%.  Given the volume I'm feeling alright.  That said might get stopped out tmr.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Is it remotely smart to open new trades RIGHT before the election?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmp0ff
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmp0ff) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/-CraftCoffee-, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
-CraftCoffee-
bpcqd
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I’m gonna keep at it though and see if it works for me. By the way you describe it, it does sound super legit and profitable though. Guess I just need to familiarize myself
Why even complain, you could live in New Zealand where US markets now open at 3:30am 🤡
RIP to all the nio callers
Don’t forget your ovaltine.
Sometimes a serious selloff can trigger a big green day after that.
[deleted]
[removed]
Free fall already
Why are spy dump days such low volume but green dildo days have massive volume?
A man gotta have a code.
Username checks out.
I shout into my washingmachine and has worked so far so try that instead
NKLA is being floated on the hopes they partner with a major manufacturer/get bought by somebody with tech if understand correctly. 

NKLA has nothing other than some buzz around the name and got funded well IMO
Are VR cam girls the upper middle class of the cam girl economy?
RIP Friendly's.
What do you guys think NIO will hit eow?
Yeah I moved to VXX.
blaze it
Short after the biggest weekly L since March? You're in the right place retard
-50% on spy puts, hold or roll over ?
How are we green rn all I see is red
cash gang til after erection
The fomo on nio was palpable this morning lmao
Agreed let pins fall
hahaha
Tesla is still a safe bet imo. Just crazy to watch.
Will Ford ever be a $10 stock
Jesus christ amzn
Great company/service, but not so profitable or growthy.
Sold most of my calls (hopefully) near the top of todays little DCB, bought those calls before close on Friday.

My plan is to wait for some doom and gloom on Tuesday, due to uncertainty and what not, and somewhere before closing, will buy some cheaper Friday SPY 340C.
How are the HTZ puts handled at expiration since volume is so low?
Guys I hate SNAP just as much as the next retard but you won't be the first to lose your asses on SNAP puts.
It’s cause wing stop got two things going for it: you don’t have to clean up after yourselves there and Rick Ross owns a fuck ton of them. Naturally this increases the value
<$320
When it was 332
It’s going up either way, buy the dip
Sorry Grandma, I spunked the Crown Jewels on Nikola calls
Going back to 30s where it belongs
[deleted]
SPY is kinky and edging. Fuck yeah baby, do it. Go all the way.
QQQ double top and double bottom. We bouncing around now boys!
Are you down to break even?
PTON cash = 3x its debt ?
[deleted]
It’s flat.. too flat....
Hope at least one of you dumb 🐻listened and got fisker cause that was an easy +200%, probably too busy losing money betting against America though smh
You really should’ve kept this to yourself. And for that reason, I’ve voted to have your post removed.
wait for it.  Close is going to be wild.
You're in Commodities? Good luck with that.
I didn’t FOMO into NIO! This calls for a celebration😎🤠
Damn alright.... so I’m not gonna lie I’m a little skeptical just because it went up $2 and my straddle was only up by less than 1%... so what is it that would cause me to make big bucks? Once it picks a direction and shoots toward it? I mean I know it’s only a 0.7% movie for SPY but I’d still think the profit would be better than 1%
Ok.
I am loaded to shit on Paypal. This shit better hit tomorrow and keep gains into the morning for me to offload. I have calls, and shares with OTM puts as a hedge lmao
This is gonna ump, no?
Anybody else use a home treadmill to get their steps in like a 60 year old woman?

Nice little morning stroll while waiting for Michael and Kelly 😍
Please dont sell a single fucking share. Don't listen to them
#BULLTARDS!!
Friendly's the diner? The one around here closed around 10 years ago. Good ice cream
Are you serious that AMZN 3k is gonna break wtf
No they have all taken a long vacation not doing shit. All of their 137 000 employees have been in vacay since before the split
Thanks for clarifying the bottom for us
Just went Short on SPY, I think they've drawn in enough retail this morning..
you can always do the 60/40 rule or 70/30 where you put 60/70% into growth stocks (probably wait till election is over) and use the 30/40% to trade and use those profits to invest into more growth stocks
UVXY calls looking sexy rn ngl
Algos doing their best to keep Amazon under 3k jesus. Maybe we see a massive squeeze if it manages to pop.
You speak truth, but have you had their dry parm garlic, boneless? Undervalued IMO
Wrong sub retard. This sub is for gambling, not slurping on your daddy’s nutsack
Guys I don't know what green is anymore
Lol....
Position or ban
I can’t confirm it but come on there is absolutely a chance he posted that shit
i literally will never know why my bitch ass doesn't sell when im up like 300% on a play.. its like greed x autism x fomo
fuckin snapchat
There's no such thing as house money. It's a logical fallacy. $19k is $19k.
Spy premiums are insane for calls and puts. I sold my NIO calls for a 270% return this morning so I think imma sit out for a couple days until prices become more reasonable.
Tendies are coming for nio puts!!
Proof
People just chasing a cheap stock
Damn I got you heated over some words I typed on Reddit. Go get laid bud.
Twitter seems oversold 20% down Friday and still dropping
It’s now the age of the Cam-Girl economy. 

Stay Tech
[removed]
NIO deflated buddy
Hah. Nah, full time doing property management stuff for a rich property.
You hold them through tomorrow, then NIO jumps again
[deleted]
I'd buy Cracker Barrell over Wingstop. CBRL valued at $2.6B and has $2.8B in assets, plus positive equity unlike WING and PZZA
I think banks are going to get murked this week..
[deleted]
Their fault for hopping on a stock that already jumped 10%
You think the dividend payment comes from the dividend tree?
Hedging my SPY puts with NIO FD calls 🤡🤡🤡
Not really.
currently in 420 march 21 calls
TLRY taking off
thats how i move it along, make a few hundred a month with easy flips. "trick" is to keep the security for 31 days so it posts. Then sell and rebuy a few days before the dividend ex day.
Telehealth taking a massive shit today. As usual.
Okay, so you had funds saved up! I'm 22! Incredible gains sir, let's ride this puppy to the moon!
Ay what's going on
Here you go. It doesn’t work.
if I were you, I'd "invest" more of my pennies into it
Luckin Coffee, but with EVs
I sold my shares because I was scared the only thing green in my port would also turn red 🤡
First of all, calm down on the histrionics because a capital gains tax would be so marginal there wouldn't be any effect on trading behavior, and second of all taxes like that affect such a small part of the country that it's such hyperbole to say "taxes on everything and the kitchen sink"
Thats why I sold all positions in AAPL. I realized there just isn't any innovation there since Jobs died
You should put at least 25% of that back into weekly 310 Spy puts or weekly 345 spy Calls.  You could easily turn that 100k into 250k this week with one more options play!
This guy fucks.
Rip nio fomo buyers in the morning
[deleted]
PayPal up or down tmm ?
Inverse batman!
you're going to die at some point. that help?
what's your spy buy in price
[deleted]
[removed]
unusual options activity on $C can anyone decipher for me
Your retarded comment mentions literally nothing about the market. Take it to the right sub, which is probably some Trump fanboy club
Serious answer, there is always a bounce.
oh yeah
Rip
I am interested in this aswell.
Can you somehow mark a sub to get announcement when people reply to you? Something like on FB?
Dividend amounts get deducted from the share price. This strategy does not work.
I deserve this.
just buy the stonk then pus pus
Not to mention their wings are just BWW rip offs
jeez... sold my SPY P from friday at a 50% loss this morning, got into NIO C, but am losing on that one as well...
Probably going to hit 40 within a few months based on the growth this year but nobody really knows. I’m guessing everyone is looking for the next Tesla and that’s what’s going to keep this up for a long time.
RIP Friendlys
Are u my daddy
Election is tomorrow
And it's too late to change your mind. You let lost be your guide.
Puts on this guy's bank account
Puts on my ability to delay gratification.
[deleted]
As a bear currently, I don't mind giving money to bulls. But thetagang can fuck right off
>stop playing aapl lol
Thank you for posting this. No really, thank you. Now I have confirmation the rally is fake.
I miss the corona virus task force days. RIP Faugay. GYNA
Apple hasn’t done shit since before the split
the options market pricing mechanism is retarded. that little pump on amzn just now was so predictable, yet it sent put prices cratering momentarily. I'm glad, because it allowed me to buy back a 2900p I ambitiously / mistakenly wrote a little earlier in the morning.
Hey man baby steps okay
Making money on puts with all this bearishness is easy. Only way you are gonna lose is if you get too greedy. Be sure to secure profits from now and then, nothing sucks more than watching your big play turn into a big loss.
Bro it's the Chinese Tesla!!!!!¡!1!

/s
[deleted]
[deleted]
Does anyone know why NKLA goes green but HYLN is red day after day when it’s pretty much proven that NKLA is a pure scam?
Note to self: always listen to wrektdev
[deleted]
Nobody tell him
[deleted]
Mother fuck the stock market has not been fun for the past 3 weeks
[deleted]
NIO holders be like

What's an ADR?
Yeah that's some other nonsense too
I lost $50 during this mornings fuckery.
Fuck me for paper handsing Lyft and bagholding pins
I want HYLN to die a horrible death. Puts all the way for that one
Tighten up your buttholes and dig in 🌈🐻s

*Help me push this mf in* SPY 🕳
AHAHAH RETARDED ASS NIGGA
*SUS BOY*
They’re gone, just like the Nvidia shits. Resellers are gonna sell at a premium especially over the holidays
I agree they are overvalued, but they don't have negative equity
In this stock market, a company must minimum have 500 p/e or else they under valued.
Part-time at Wendy's?
🌈🐻 Drill Team 3 and 4 on SPY.  

Take it below 330 and tank that bastard.
[deleted]
hint: news doesn't always move the market.
Nope. I’m about to buy calls at this level because it’s cheap and undervalued . The climb is now starting , I totally didn’t miss anything because it’s going up another 1000 percent
Such a low volume day. The real dump was Fri
proof or ban
Haha.😂🙏
hmm yea idk could be the \~.9% drop in the last 30 minutes
Somehow I pulled it off
just get shares then.
The bottom confirmed
Sony getting ready for that ps5 release!
Anyone else feel like we're getting set up for something big?
bruh, i know this is a casino and all...but...put in a stop limit. 

obviously pick whatever loss you're comfortable with, but I usually shoot for 10% down from the most recent peak of my option price.

next significant down day, the stop limit will trigger, you take all that greenery and ride the dip to another entry point, then shovel it back in.
It was confirmed that he has smol pp
De ce
Do I wait til the the blue one wins until I buy NIO or should I make my bet now
[https://9to5mac.com/2020/09/17/how-to-use-iphone-back-tap-controls-ios-14/](https://9to5mac.com/2020/09/17/how-to-use-iphone-back-tap-controls-ios-14/)

who tf really tapping the back of your phone? the fuck
Have you heard of diversification because holy hell what the fuck is this 40-60 Tesla/NIO I
Top*
Probably nothing more annoying than people who shout ‘WHY WOULD YOU BUY _____ DURING A ______’ as the market Kangs the fuck out lol
their wings are shitty too and bite-sized, way over-priced.
I find it hilarious
You really believe in it? Fisker has become synonymous with vaporware, in my book. Are there people who really think he's legit?
This is true. Didn’t think about that
DKNG: *Y'all got any more of them Michael Jordans*
For the love of God please sell. I love loss porn but not to this scale.
Now this is the loss porn, I came.
Man AMZN gettin slapped at 3000 now??? 2900p lookin juicy af....
Don’t look at SNAP or PTON
Doubtful. Vote counting will most likely take longer and then we might see shenanigans from either side
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
😂😂😂
Fuck this.  Sold it all.  Cash gang.  Good luck world.
yezzir
Cost average into inauguration day.
Ok who’s the retard who’s buying the NIO $45 weeklies I’m selling
idk why but this feels so sus like a rug pull is coming
ACB moving in anticipation of Biden
Brooooo your rich and about to be poor 😂😂🙈
Don't talk to me about Dimond Hands until you've lost 100k on puts and still continue to hold them 😤
It wants to dump so bad
Lmaoo what happened to all the bulltards that said it was to late to sell? Did y’all take this bounce as an opportunity to unload?
Trump promised if I vote for him - no recession.
Gonna slowly bleed after election if the Orange boi doesn't accept defeat or it's not as clear a win as expected.
I hope they see this

/s
[deleted]
[deleted]
320
[removed]
It's election day eve and comment volume is so low...
😂
I know I know. I've bought LEAPs for NIO at various strikes since it's been $12 and collected my gains. My mistake has been not buying more than 1 or 2 at a time. 

I also have 100 shares i got at $12, but with the way nio moves, covered calls seem risky
[deleted]
They are -99% already, might as well hold through expiration lmao
Aww did you miss out
Really want to buy draft kings but the IV is fucking 89% even for 6 months options woof
Bulls don’t actually buy this fake pump on no news, right?
I see ok, but selling puts for an extra 10k per month sounds nIce too
I put my hand upon your hip, when I dip, you dip, we dip
Tomorrow my friend. Tomorrow
It's not that simple m8. Try thinking of the election like earnings...
yea i agree with the bullish sentiment but the low quality memes and shitpost make me uneasy
It's actually a free online class through Coursera, but I'm flattered that you think I could get into Yale.
Wingstop: $200m in assets, $394m in liabilities

Naturally valued at $3.5 Billion.

What the fuck
Politics affects the market, of course I’m gonna talk about it the day before the election.
only lost a few hundo, so not terribly upset about it.
Grandpa?
I sold short term /NQ call spreads and bought 2023 leaps on MSFT, and a Jan $600 call on NVDA which is retarded.. need to sell more spreads to at least cover all this extrinsic value  but its too risky to do all at once.
Common spy stop being a pussy go under 330 where you belong.
[removed]
I bought QCOM calls at the top :((
And most people have finished buying shit for their home offices and now need to start saving money because they got laid off after their home office was finished.
Has anyone successfully preordered PS5 or Xbox Series X? Would like to know where to get one.
[deleted]
NIO isn’t overbought... whereas TSLA, while I’m a long believer, moves 10% up and down errday
I was told there would be dumping.  Where's the manager?
*BOY*
RIP AMD
Sold for 140% gain this AM 😑 and then the casa would’ve been 230% 2 minutes later fml
I have 26.5c for 11/6 that's down about 30%, but my thought was that I'd be selling them today or tomorrow.  If anyone can claim a large margin of victory tomorrow night, I have to think things settle down.  Uncertainty is highest today and tomorrow, and VXX took a giant shit over the weekend.
Same here I sold early this morning on the big spike and just repositioned under 12
[deleted]
IF I SHOUT MY WISHES INTO THE WISHMACHINE, THEY COME TRUE, RIGHT?

SPY 300 EOD
Dude you are losing money to thetagang. Are you really cool with giving money to those pedos?
Imagine not being in NIO long term
Ngl IV did fuck me and I will barely break even but suck it bulls
god please give us a winner after tomorrow
On a day where a lot of EV stocks (including ex-spacs) rip at open, HYLN tanks -3%, down 54% on the month
I got like 80% cash do I just not get anything until like... Next year?
Lol
Definitely an atypical environment! Gotta eat while the getting is good and save up for when shit hits the fan
What is this gay shit
Tesla barely treading water above 400 😅😅😅
You misspelled SPY
Bull trap
If anyone is holding calls I genuinely am impressed by the size of your balls im sweating and im out rn
Just buy the cheap APHA $5 leaps if you want to play weedstocks.
So tempting to get 0tde 328 spy puts. I see this closing at 326
Just went in big on ICLN, could see a massive rally if Biden wins
Apple gonna go below 106 today lol
Woah
Ok I’ll watch
Exactly. I put in for a put option for this Friday. It’s going to tank, but buy in the dip I will. This stock is on fire and it’s only going to get better for them next year.

Edit: I believe it will drop down to like $25 - $30 after the sell off. It’s still a safe stock.
This is the bottom. Please
Wtf is this account. It’s like you made 20 generic WSB comments to make it look like you’re legit, and then sold the account to someone that immediately started spamming stupid political shit
I’m loaded and ready on snap. 

What a beautiful fuckin day🌞
Value stonks
These premiums aren’t fun
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Drill team 6 see you in 3 years goodbye my friend
It’s an easy comparison to make but he’s very different in my opinion, but only time will tell. I believe in the company though, he’s putting his reputation on the line.
[deleted]
Imagine thinking now is the time to start a position on a shitty Chinese EV maker after it moved up 2000 percent in under a year with basically little change in their actual fundamentals to warrant the run up. 

Only dumb money is chasing and buying here on NIO shares. 

And retard money is buying calls here.
I wanted to buy at $2 but it was 2.10 and i was like lets wait for the $2 threshold
You da man brah... baaaad mofo
Why though? It can’t even break the VWAP rn If it goes down to 328-327it’s already going up to 60 cents and it’s at 37 cents rn
ay fuck your puts
That guys different! Get him!
Good got
Thanks to god i only bought 50...
Flat today. -6.9% tomorrow
Let’s see what happens
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hahahah I sold at opening 👹👹
🖐
One more pump NIO please
DGLY going parabolic. Folks expecting riots this week?
Dead cat bounces twice
Yeah i lost on NIO calls. I need to go back to selling after i reach a reasonable profit and being done for the day.
^(You can't control it.)

^(Remember what the others think of you.)

^(This will be another failure. Better sell it now.)

^(You don't belong.)
[deleted]
Buy the market dip
Wanted to get in NIO sub $25. But I think sub $30 will do.
Ty kind Redditor. I’ll look into it.

Not much history on that specific stock. They just start up?
Yeah you are right - I am in May 40Cs. I need to just chill
ah the ol' sideways trade to fuck over everybody -- classic maneuver. too bad MM's dont realize im fuckin gay and like losing money.
TAIWAN NUMBA ONE
You alright there buddy?
Too bad I spent it all on AMZN 3450. Shits too expensive to just buy more every time it dips
[deleted]
Lol
FSR gang wya?
Lol the sentiment changes so fast in here
So glad I held those ABBV calls over the weekend
Apple red

My calls are dead
SPY please go down to 220, I'm not asking much. Just crash and burn in a fiery hell so I can 'win' about $37
Yeah Blue Wave will be the green wave 🌱 💨
> BreakingDow's nearly 425-point rally led by gains in shares of Honeywell International Inc., Dow Inc. 

LOL!

If Honeywell is responsible for this pump we're definitely drilling to the core of Hades by this afternoon.
Initiate operation in 2230 hrs
Jesus just do something already
thats why you go delta gamma neutral on high IV and collect theta
Hey now my mom says my gorilla hands give the best hugs
I discovered recently that the c-word is banned here

Meanwhile y'all TSLA/NIO traders are dealing with higher volatility than shitcoin at its peak. Balls of steel, what can I say
334c are cheap rn really thinking about it
Who else got puts at the top for the eod sell off I
For real just bought some Dec 11 calls. And lost 20% in minutes
Shower thots
Good luck bulls.  My algorithm went overweight long this morning.  I cut this trash strategy out but the firm inversing my orders already put the hit in.  This shit closes flat or red.  Watch.
Looks like 3300 is a support
Miners. Earnings week bro
2@3280$ avg. Will buy 1 more when it hits 2900.
Someone please buy my 1/15/21 HUYA 37.5c I’m sick of this fucking stock
What happened?
That's why we're all doing it here.
$40? Really risking it all, eh...
Recent memory tells me there’s always room to go lower
yes to 2850 before the great bounce to 3100
[deleted]
Sir this is a casino we are all nuts here
Shut up infowars
I WANT TO GAMBLE BUT EVERYHING IS SO UNSTABLE REEEEEEEE
#DRILL TEAM 6 STAND BACK AND STANDBY
Marry them without a prenup
When you write em at a price you’re comfortable with, you can’t lose.
[deleted]
Sir, this is a casino. I’ll ask again: Red or black?
Bought contracts at the top for a quick 15 minute trade now just getting sick watching it lose 45%
Tim Cook please stop man
Youre beyond clueless. Im not saying that for sake of name calling you. You just displayed your ignorance on full display, all beyond any reasonable doubt, thats what im calling you that. Go waste someone else's time
You're going to get fucked if VIX jumps to 50.
[deleted]
that is the last play I'd make but good luck.
It's overpriced that's why
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VXX   27.0|1.36|1.37|1.34|-0.72|163.025%


VXX 27.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawls7d&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
This is how I know my long dated calls are fine, because bears are actually retarded.
I have GDX and SLV calls and shares
How old are you (just curious). 60k at $5.25 was risky
POSITIONS OR BAN
Impeccable head & shoulders pattern on the 6 month WING chart
not unless you are writing them #thetagang lmaoo
Does it happen on the 1st of every month?
That’s why we’re here
You okay bruh
How can VXX not be the play the day before the election? Shits skyrocketing no matter who wins the election no?! 

VXX 27c 11/6
just buy 2023 LEAPS and smoke some weed
I am not sure about rest of the week but I will be buying puts eod today and sell tomorrow or Wednesday at open
Sell dude, that's life changing already. Imagine how bad you'll feel if you don't. Let some ride if you need to.
Bunch of potatoes with helmets on, smashing the keyboard with their heads and oversized gorilla hands
How can you be so confident it’s not going to do some crazy bullshit in the next 48 hours? I sold bear credit spreads because I think it’s more likely we go to the downside and I’m still a little nervous it shoots up.
A little late but get out of here with this p/e bullshit 

I remember Netflix trading at 200 p/e for a good chunk of its lifespan. If you get scared off by high p/e youre ultimately ALWAYS going to miss out on the greatest/ most revolutionary companies
[deleted]
Hey Alexa! Play Free Fallin by Tom Petty
[deleted]
 [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlldo3/60000\_spy\_290\_puts\_114/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlldo3/60000_spy_290_puts_114/)
Fuck let me change it
ACB is overall a shit company but with over 19 percent short float, and the election results looming, could it be squeezing?
Most welcomed and cherished rug pull of the year
AMZN have more room to go lower?
I averaged down. My initial buy was 13.50
[deleted]
Same, only 20 at 50 but seeing it going to shit like this still hurts.
This thread is 99% shitposting
Hah! I went to a cheap finance school and just have more money left over to blow on SPY weeklies instead, ez
Just switch to puts don’t be in denial you lose more like that
TDOC shouting "TIMMMMMBBBBEERRRR"
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2020-12-02 15:47:59 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-12-02%2015:47:59%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmmso8/gme_gang_its_november_were_in_the_endgame_now/gawlo9a/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjmmso8%2Fgme_gang_its_november_were_in_the_endgame_now%2Fgawlo9a%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-12-02%2015%3A47%3A59%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jmmso8)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
[removed]
Cash gang
where?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Coward
Oh god I hope so.  I’m sitting on 10000 shares/warrants. Was getting worried last week when it traded below NAV. Took the opportunity to average down my buy in price.  If Biden gets elected EV stocks gonna soar.
Made some good $ scalping it
You guys are buying into Fisker? He's so flaky. I think it's the same as buying Faraday Future or Nikola.
What do u think this is huh. $NIO all in

He should sell the other companies and buy more NIO if anything
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Please i’m asking everyone to buy NIO, swung a 24C nov 20 and I sold out at 123%. Long calls and holding shares will literally print money

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmowuz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmowuz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/gulag_bob, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Alliwanttodoisargue
The_Bossss
ristowe7
lol it already happened in march, once in 10 years bro, you missed it
Trading into the election is retarded
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
How long till people realize all of these other companies being forced to sell online is going to take a big chunk of Amazons e-commerce
RemindMe! 30 days
That’s a guess. But hard to see a reason why markets will boom given Euro Lockdown and USA election nonsense primed tomorrow
11/20 315p lost 25% over here
Back green into close, flat tomorrow, red due to the purge on Wednesday, green Thursday, flat Friday
SNAP calls printing tho 🚀
You know the part where the joker blows up the hospital and he’s walking away (friday) then  a brief pause when he’s messing with the detonator(opening today) only for it to continue exploding (later this week)....??
Spy is still bloody green you dumb bear
HYLN. Everyday is a selloff. Waiting for it to go to $10.
[removed]
I expect their earnings to be good, it's gotta be uphill from here right? But might wait until after election to buy....so maybe in two or so days
This is first day of month fund repositioning.  Have to be nuts to play short term options right now.  Typical wsb.
..then congratulations you are correct and not part of a cult!
pump. time.
Tim Apple small pp confirmed
How is that bagholding?
Woah, noticed it on the chart i think (auto hedging)
🕯 Summon 329 🕯
Days not over and my call expires Jan. I’m feeling good about it. Ya dick
please don’t. You will get iv crushed so badly
It’s not though. They’re planning on raising capital gains tax and Kamala proposed a tax on every single shares trade like lol gtfo of here
[deleted]
NIO getting sold out of slowly.  Fuck.  Come on you took your profit jump back in.
election iron condor gang gang checking in 👺👺
FTCH printing, IM UP
 Nice !
Buy March calls and don’t look at it
First amzn now aapl the rest of the faang are following
were
[removed]
I was buying them all day Friday and bought more on the EOD pump. I wiped basically all my profit since I started shorting at SPY 350. So fucking dumb
Here it comesss@!@!#!
This is one of those markets where the safe bet is to sort out whatever market move seems  most logical and sensible given social/political/economic conditions, then just fade yourself and do the opposite. 

Biden wins and declares oil illegal the next day? 

ALL IN XOM!!!
FTCH scalps printing after baba deal
&#x200B;

BABA shit stonk

have you any calls?

no sir no sir

three bags full

one for the retard

and one for the gyna

one for the poor student

who lives on the streets
do you even know what vix is lmfao
come on over to bobby's swan's table
Same shit every damn day
Drop is here
deltas haven't been this large since April
Keep winning like that and soon it’ll be Cat Food dinner
Did you have that face when you woke up with vxx at -3%?
All your comments are retarded, retard
I want him to step on me.
#BULLS WERE WARNED BUT STILL WENT FULL RETARD, YOU DESERVE IT
Gold or SLV calls for this week?
Here we go again...it feels like when you’re throwing up and you know you’re going to have to retch again because it’s not all gone.
I don’t know if the trend is bear or bullish i just go wherever the money is
Well duh. That’s what we do here
I am so fuk
FTCH BABA INVESTMENT INTEREST GET INNN
Never left
[removed]
95
got these amd 85 calls for 1/15/20
So basically shorts just covered and now market will fall again right?
Last chance to buy the NIO dip
Hope you sold your puts
$0
What about a Tele?
lol masayoshi san
I thought Apple was supposed to be a good investment. I want my money back Tim!!
Fuck I'm cucked
bought em today what now bitch
Probably huge sell off for next week or two. And then once everybody realizes it doesn't really matter who is president and we will get a stim bilk either way we will start to slow climb back to ath in 2021
My SPY puts are fucking dead
I'm just gonna set limit ups and not even look this week, otherwise I might panic sell like a cuck.
Even though were green I’d still consider it red
I had to cut my losses.
It’s killing me.
hey TWTR go up
so true 😂. it’s even worse in individual stock sub
[deleted]
Crash priced in today. Anybody with a brain who feared such things priced in last week. It’ll dip tomorrow into elections probably but we’ll see how the week plays. Maybe I’m wrong I dunno
[deleted]
TWTR 11/6 calls are stupid cheap
Helps a bit, I just need the break of 330 man. I really do. Looks like its fkn bouncing from here though FK.
Oh look, not a real bad day...*checks account*
Fuck me. Still red.
Vix is garbage 
Nobody ever mention it again
Same I literally put all my net worth into Fisker shares lol
This is a myth and I'm not sure why people keep believing it
slow and easy .... I like my 🥩 moist and tender
My Dick and balls are telling me all in on UVXY weeklies 

But my brain says no
Was down 37% and now I’m only down 31% 

#winnerwinnerchickendinner
because middle eastern women are attractive
I give up man. Into the abyss it is
This sub is ridiculous.  Every time there's a slight change in direction, there's a race to be the first post of "HERE IT COMESSSS!!!!!"
Bought some at $45 and avg down at $40 thinking I was a genius. Boy I’m stupid. Thank god it’s only shares. I can just wait but fuck me.
2900 is a no brainer
I was hoping to only hold this AMZN leap for 24 hours, not 24 days or weeks. -_-
People. in. this. sub. be. tho.

No wonder you retards lose all your money.
Here waiting for the bigger red didlo
I did the same from 11-13 lol.. never again holding long
You guys really think it would be this easy..gonna be a rug pull later
AMD is just such a pile of shit. Fuck this company. Just selling everything related to it so I don't have to look at it anymore.
You don't get this far in the first place without diamond hands
Bulls rn:
😎
😳🕶🤏
Easy money.. load up on shares too even though I know that’s frowned upon here.
Thanks for the input. Haven’t seen many polls on this. Probably just going to sit it out.
S&p crashes.  People gonna pull out before the capital tax gain of 40% is implemented.
Did anyone else lose money when their lvgo shares turned into tdoc
There was no data to support a continued sell off Monday all indications where Friday sell off was due to portfolio rebalancing.
Same
[deleted]
$31 EOD being dragged down by the rest of the market
Wondering the same
DKNG is such shit
AMC calls because its the dumbest thing I can think of   11/06 2.50c  .12 each...
Value -> Growth
enough patty cake, time to drill back to 327
Good job boys .....
Lol
Whats wrong with AAPL? Might see 105 at this rate
Fake pump. Everything looking weak af
AMZN below 3000 is a buy!
Spy breaks 330 and we’re flooding
Fucking DKNG.
Better than I thought! I hope you’re in the hustle group, get while the gettin is good and all that. Congrats and enjoy
Perma bull loves money.  
Source:  see all time historical market trend
Nice, bought puts at the top

Now for the part where I don't take profit and get reamed again
where's that guy who got NIO puts? you earned it.
He phases them out slowly,over time...over time.
Premiums are nuts right now
36.5
It’s insane you can open SPY credit spreads $15 OTM on 2DTE and get .15-.20 per spread
#I AM JUST TRYING NOT TO LOSE
Robert It go down???
yes, but maybe not
Not this shit again.
To spend them on calls and hedge with puts perhaps?
[deleted]
5%? Try 50% stop loss lol
Smart money moves their shit before the dems raise taxes on everything and the kitchen sink
[deleted]
This is bullshit. Money makers pulling the rug again
My Apple puts go brrrrr
I fucking hate dkng...
NIO TO VALHALLA
Bought calls at the top 🤡
I might have actually bought SpY puts at the top.  These mfers are so fucking expensive. 

SPY 320P 11/11

AMZN 2900P 11/06
Yeah I shouldn’t have thought this was draft kings day today after saying that for about a month straight
guys why is it always middle-eastern girls when big movie companies want race diversity, why no indian men?
This is Bear Pride Week Alpha calling in. Preparing giga sell order in 3... 2...
No no, if the post is 5 mins old but going to the front page, do what it tells you. If it's 2 hours old and on the front page, do the opposite.

Classic pump n dump. Or dump n pump. Or trust and go bust. Or doubt and pull out.
Nclh will only drop another 10-20% max.
It's tanking, why would it be $35 EOD?
Dad look I made it on this week’s WSB top picks!
SPY just remembered it’s No Nut November
[deleted]
[deleted]
I mean.... buying NIO when it dipped down to 7% when it hit 13% today is a good opportunity
Fake dump poor bears
Puts right lol
What the fuck Amazon, any news?
[deleted]
Buy Nio before earnings? Oui ou non?
[deleted]
SPY going private at 330, funding secured?
Smart money is getting out. Don’t be that person left behind.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Walmart has the highest paying jobs in the warehouse. You could start full time at age 17 at 16 an hour and by age 19 be driving the forklift at 18.50. I'd know because I worked there when I was 20
fuck you, do your own research
I always wonder who buys my calls on a runup. Godspeed you beautiful bastard
If AMZN ain't safe, nothing's safe...
We only got team 2 out there? What the actual fuck? Bring out the vets, the big dogs, the big guns.

DRILL TEAM SIX REPORT FOR FUCKING DUTY GET THESE AMATEURS OFF THE FLOOR
Not if you buy longer dated calls.
Should’ve listened to you. Def was that gap up but oh well.
Hahahaha I hope that is the case
100 or 90?
What happens to stonks if Biden wins?
Had 100 shares of NIO and a 19c I bought at $10 and sold at 13 thinking I was hot shit 😪
[removed]
Total bull trap. Crash incoming
yes, eod confirmed. I meant this in my last post but im a retard and put 227
Fake and gay pump was in fact, fake and gay.
[deleted]
Close red feeling it
If you really think Biden will be good for the stock market or even Tesla ....
DRILL TEAM 6, stand by
Bulls getting cucked
AAPL has became a boomer stock. I told myself to not touch it and yet here I go letting it drain from me from that fake pump
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺

I sold near open though at a loss, then it shot up to $1050.
*Elon looks in disgust*
Fuck I waited too long to buy puts
yeah, no one will want deliveries after the election.
In
Holy shit, Amazon under 3k !
It was $1700 in march
election literally ✨tomorrow ✨weekly puts 

🥘👄🥘
Market already down 20 bps in the 5 min I've been watching CNBC. Pump is fake
NIO GONNA LEAD US TO THE PROMISE LAND BEFORE MID 2021
🌈🐻 Drill Team 2, please take up position.

Love, 🌈🐻 maintenance team
When will TWTR stop bleeding?!??
[deleted]
Hoping stinky sleepy kid molesting Biden takes the win so my Tesla and nio calls will print then use that for long term calls
Why does theta gang always end up as hoping for degenerate 0DTE comebacks by expiration?
DUMP IT
$0 buying power gang. Let's go, boys
rumor  $BABA investing in $FTCH
they ask you how you are, and you just have to say you’re fine when you’re not really fine, but you just can’t get into it, because they would never understand
2/19/21 $12.5c 🚀🚀🚀
Give it 10 minutes
Lol what dip? We’re at pre covid levels right now with many names still close to ATH
all these unemployed autists thinking the economy is fine and dandy during this pandemic 😭😭
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
AMZN   3000.0|177.2|183.6|180.4|0.0|45.683%


AMZN 3000.0C 2020-12-11 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawl0lj&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Shopify too high
“Based on the data”

Please elaborate on this excellent “data” you have
Draftkings red, all is good in the world again
AMD what a tease
Also in this pretty heavy. SRAC & PSTH going to be the SPAC plays of 2021.
Twitter took a 💩
It’s gonna crash, the algos just are programmed to always open green on Monday no matter what
Oh it wants to dump, it’s coming
[https://i.ibb.co/VNMWdYr/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/VNMWdYr/image.png)

$9,100,000 in AMZN 12/11 3000c just came in
I ain’t selling bruh. F the bears
Yeah, WSJ said most of the recent dip has been rotation into cash. Historically, the best time to buy is when cash holdings are high.
Nio is one of those stocks you just gotta have balls of steel when it comes to the swings
Maybe that’s why they didn’t split
Can watch Football with seeing 100 Rocket commercials, they print cash and Stock fucking blows. Can’t believe I’m buried in it
📉📉📉
How many you all have AMZN shares for long
NY
PAY YOUR TAXES BEEZZZZOOOOSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
Here you dropped something bear, YOUR DIGNITY! GET FUCKED!!!!!
Tsla looks like it went alllll the way up just to get the velocity to fuck up fridays low and barrel further down
Amzn is sus. When that shit goes down big money knows something. Play safe guys.
Guys. Why would anyone buy this dip a day before elections lmao. Of course that was a bull trap - this is going to be endless selling until tmrw's election is over and onward potentially
lockdowns are bad without stimulus, thats the whole problem right now, republicans got their corporate / stock market bailouts and do not want to bailout poor people
[Market snapshot](https://images.app.goo.gl/7XdZkRBUSHdbaNx49)
[deleted]
It's already sub 3k
NIO $35 eod. Should have taken that advice and hopped on board.
RIP my man
Hell, some were last night
seriously

the winter chill came on strong last week and now its chugging along with no signs of stopping
SPY down to 327, what do you think?
Need to get $SPY below 330...
You can't fool me bears. I ain't selling.
Gay bears not so gay after all
Here it comes ⬇️⬇️
[deleted]
Almost bought puts at the peak dam finally
FSR
It sure fucking does buddy

I met Shawn Michaels at a restaurant once - we’d accidentally been given his table. Apparently he was fond of the restaurant and had a specific table he liked, and the management had messed up and gotten their days wrong, (it was Tuesday and they thought he was coming on Thursday or something like that). Anyway, the manager, completely embarrassed (this is a pretty nice restaurant) comes by and says “I’m so sorry, but we’d like to move you to another table if you could be troubled, and we’ll gladly compensate you for the cost of the meal and any other meal you’d like while you’re in town.” My sister and cousin were both like “Yeah that’s cool.” and I kind of played the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a bit. “I’m sorry, I just don’t understand. We’ve been here for 15 minutes - we’ve just ordered. Can’t we finish our meal here?” Then out of nowhere Shawn Michaels shows up next to the manager and says “Paul, these guys can finish. We’ll be at the bar. I got some time.” And I (being a big HBK fan) said “Oh wow, uh… I had no idea. Please feel free to give them the table.” Shawn was grateful, shook my hand and said thanks, then gave me a card with his number on it and told me to give him a call later. After working up the nerve, I gave him a call that night, and to make a long story short, we had a glorious 11 month love affair, man on man, that I shall never forget. Our bodies intertwined as one, and from the beauty of Morocco, to the French Riviera, to the snorkeling in the Galopagos, Shawn Michaels and I made glorious gay love to each other on six of the seven continents.
Hey retard, are you holding for big reward?
Every time I buy calls, shit plummets. Lucky I ain't buying SPY calls 👍
china numba 1
Withdraw all
Man, catch the bottom of AMZN and you can make a lot of money quickly but I don't think I can catch it. I'll get cut.
Need Ford to drop to $7.50. Thanks
AMZN
People acting like Amazon going below 3k is end times when it was 2.3k in may
I'll bet it ends in gay sex
Alright who said the n-word?
Dang, will AMZN go sub $3000?
[deleted]
RIP retard
yes
[removed]
Only regret is buying puts at 330 and not 332
[deleted]
for once in my life i made the right aapl call...and it was a put
Felt cute, bought a spy put, idk, might sell later
[deleted]
JUST ONE DIP AND END IT!
I surrender. Cash gang 🤝
What the fuck is this shit? Trump expects me to vote for him with this dump before the election? I'm voting for change now
Why am I here? Just to suffer?
Fuck you powell do something!!!!!!
AMZN hasn’t hit it’s September low yet, I’m holding out hope.
Sounds like they want to track their assets
So one of the reasons why my early savings dried up, was that I took a soft early age "break" where I didnt work for nearly 2 whole years. I do agree that eventually, without a lot of disposable income to do bigger things, this will get boring. I was even dating someone at the time, someone hot. Staying at home wasn't very healthy for the relationship
Wait. It always goes up I’m pre market, then some more in the morning. Then drops a dollar or two in the afternoon. Followed by steady climbs back up
And it's godamn freezing

NE here
We falling off the cliff
Just flip for now
I bet that helps...
Ok
Spot just chilling below that 30 day MA. Cmon baby lets go down
Nah i sold at a $15 loss. I can probably make that back in .1 seconds
Market is BLOOD green even with tech stocks shitting the bed. Imagine if tech stocks were also blood green. 

We'd have been up like 5%.
Story of my life
Dang. Sorry dude. I typically don't hold but NIO is something I am holding for at least a year. I suggest finding a good point and doing the same
Held SPY puts for the first 3 weeks of October. Sold my puts the Friday before last week because I was bleeding money. Bought puts again at the end of the week when it looked like a crash had started. Ended up missing the only deep red week of the month. FML.
D
> hand over fist

The fist is the withdrawal of your closed hand with revenue from the last agreement. The hand is out (and over the fist) to accept earnest money for the next agreement, presumably because others are handing you money so quickly you are hardly able to receive it.

["That's a bargain. I'll take one."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeztSCCX6VY)
Nasdiq want to dive so bad
[deleted]
Idk man, NIO is reminding me too much of TSLA, add Chinese corruption to the mix and you have whales with incentive to pump it. I have faith in your calls
bleach mooning to finish off 2020, what a year
Lol
Oh fuck
have to break VWAP and 3300 to drill.  Can't see that happening today.
Hell, I bought!
Why is the market acting so gay
I’m like weirdly pissed I missed the gap up on liquid lumberators again :/
Every. Time. There’s. A 930-940 pump. It dumps to resistance and stays mostly flat after
CRSR gang wya 😤🔴🟢🔵
just crash bro you wont do it
everyone is dead in the long run son
Easily by EOW
Dow heading down
paper hands selling their spy calls
hope you guys sold for profit after you were warned like 80 times
Wsb is always a lagging indicator
To big to pump
Here comes the pain.
I’M A BIG DOG BIG BEAR
Oh nevermind than
https://www.nextgov.com/emerging-tech/2020/10/army-picks-fitbit-develop-wearable-presymptom-covid-19-detectors/169689/

FITBIT out here getting DOD contracts. My 05/21 calls gunna print.
nope
Honestly thank god Twitter is going to Mark false victory tweets. Imagine watching futes as Trump claims victory
Sitting cash gang right now. But we are doing that thing we’re we are so focused on a crash could be ignoring a opportunity. Refreshed lockdowns and AMZN is down? Yeah right.
looking to put more into Nio - would you wait a few weeks until the election calms down or would you pull the trigger now?
Has to be the worst stonk discussed on this sub
fuck you
I hope you mean tech puts
Why would you miss out on gains?
Thanks for the dip 👌🏻
What if we close down -400
can someone call jerome the printer is jammed
Premiums are nuts, may be credit spreads
It’s been one recession. Just because the stock market goes up doesn’t mean it ends
Where were you in sept
Amzn was under 3k in sept
Lol good luck
all the people here laughing at bears 1 hour into trading
Dems in power means antitrust
Debit spreads
Buy spreads, smoothbrain
UXVY VXX and SQQQ calls, perhaps am not fuk
DUMPPPP
You can still buy 2 ford shares
Being perma bear or bull is a recipe for disaster in long run sure you can get lucky and strike it rich but you will lose it all at the end. Best strategy is to adapt based on the data. I feel for all the bears who found that out the hard way today
Which if they were paying attention at all they'd find that Trump is far more likely to take their guns than Biden.
Nio 36 Wednesday?
Nasdaq sponsored by McDonalds
Look at the 1 month for S&P, DOW, NASDAQ, and Russell 2000. Small caps killing it out there.
I hope 🐂🐂🐂 take profits and get out. That was a Fucking trapped.
Remember when Apple 120c in November seemed like   A winning lottery ticket
I don't mean sell out of it.  How much would you need to sell to secure your initial investment?
I am really hitting my 5% stop loss on NIO today?
Loser investors trying to pump snap up
Ak?
Nah this is the bear trap, this shit is gonna continue pumping for at least today
If you dont know whether to buy puts or calls on something, then you might as well go to a casino. Fuckin calm it and buy something thats dipping like an adult
Last chance to get in on gun stocks before the election!

My favorite is SWBI
Aapl said nah
There is still tons of uncertainty, especially around Congress and SCOTUS decisions. Gun stocks can go sky high still. It's the threat of regulation, not regulation itself, which will probably not even be that urgent, considering the amount of shit Biden will be left to shovel after Mango Messiah is booted.
AMZN bringing the market down with it
bulls were celebrating 27 minutes in.
Reminds you of last Monday's morning pump
Any retards with two thumbs can say "stonks go up" when the market is green but only a true autist will say bullshit and double down on puts.
This market is just bipolar
Is kill? All kill? No ramp up to US earnings tomorrow?
Uber looks good
AAPL DAAAAMNNN
Please SPY im begging you PLEASE just another dolar drop Im so sorry I will never play puts on you again PLEASE.
Set an alarm to wake up at 9:28 to get my SPY puts and VXX calls right at open. Was too out of it to realize how ridiculous premiums were. Not my smoothest move.
[deleted]
DXY price action is looking pretty wild 😳
it is windy as fuck today Jesus
227 eod
Ya I'm gonna take out some and loan a Tesla maybe
Calls I held over the weekend - CHWY and AMD.  Both red.  Calls I sold last week ETSY/TSLA/PTON.  Fuck.
Elevator up, elevator down kinda day.
Still 1.46% green today :(
Actually you can withdraw all your retirement monies this year with no penalty because of covid. You’ll still need to pay taxes though
^(You are the one screaming to an empty room.)

^(The others are noticing you.)

^(Don't let them know.)
TWTR getting crushed. Been awhile since I’ve seen a stock get nothing but analyst price raises and still go down
Oxy mooning
[deleted]
I don't own OTM puts though....
I ain’t sellin!  🐻 🐼 🐨
Who bought calls and now scared this is a bull trap?
I mean that’s how NIO goes
The gay bull awaits the freshly printed new comment  to pounced with the downvote. This strategy while ineffective is funny for the chad bear who is about to feast
Fuck Microsoft fuck Apple
Yeah we are gearing for a depression. When the bottom falls out, it will completely shatter considering they destroyed the structure while ripping out all the copper wire.
wipe your ass with that to get some good out of it
Bought NIO calls at 10:15, let's send this fucker back to single digits 👍
poor AMZN, is it a buy sub 3k or is it even gonna get worse after the election?
Naked is not for me but covered sounds great
SPY hurt itself in confusion
Sorry to the one I sold those NIO 36 calls, but really. C’mon now.
holy fuck AMZN 

Apparently q3 earnings were shit
B
I bought AMZN put spreads for 3000-2650 last week. Eagerly anticipating tendies.
Just sold some nio puts @30 45DTE. Fingers crossed
Is it bouncing off the ceiling already
There it goes RKT, you were going to not end red you piece of shit
Spy puts?
look around
[deleted]
Fuck Tim Apple
It’s okay buddy I just put all my money into $35 11/6 nio calls and watching my money tank as we are speaking
Imagine thinking that this will be a smooth election. Even outside of the stock market, you think the talking heads actually want civility? They are going to stoke the fuck out of this fire.
Last week makes it even more likely to trigger.  We got more buy in from institutional investors, which are not paper hands, and we got a TON of short buy in from retail, which is paper hands.  They will squeeze like mad if GME can regain some upward momentum.  Getting back to 15 will be much easier now than it was before, and we're just now approaching the time period that it was originally supposed to start going up.  Happy times ahead
That method allows you to free up serious capital but you miss out on apple gaining value as the years go on.
Oh shit, NIO isn't holding its drink right now. Dumped all the way back to 32.8.
AMAZON AAPL AND ZOOM have gone into the red Lol Nio with retard strength is falling off a cliff and so is tsla lol
Apple red
Never gonna play vxx again, so shitty now
Don’t know if I should call or put SPY and FOMO is kicking too damn hard to be cash gang
waiting for it to break the VWAP than I am jumping in.
Facts
Annnnnd just like that I’m red for the day
Why is amd tanking ???
Yeah I actually second this, withdraw all the profit now so you cap your risk
“No I won’t sell. It can go up more.”-You🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡(and me)🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Take out ~15k and then you have 19k free money to play around with and you don’t have to worry about loss
When has any of situations built up to be that been that bad so far?
AMZN PT: 2680$
MM out here slaughtering 🐷
Yep although depending on broker you can sell them naked (don't have to buy them) but they usually want to see that you have the capital in the event you must buy 10000 shares of apple.
Trump just responded to the crowds chants, so that's not very reliable. It'd only be if he wins, and it's sitting very unlikely he is able to pull what he did in 2016.
Amazon and Apple about to fuck us. Drill team six you are up. 🌈🐻
Amazon under 3k. This is the end times.
bulls are about to take it in the rump
Smart man that’s a great average. I see 15-20 in the near future
I killed NIO.
can anyone tell me what they think of either $C puts or calls? what's going on with them I'm hearing chatter
i agree, i feel i can sense an age gap when people just won't shut the fuck up and let anything just do it's thing.
When will some genius company make options on fractional shares of expensive companies?  Come on, don't tell me it isn't possible.  Would like some AMZN calls except for the fact they cost like $20k.
Pump and dump....
Pump AND dump....
PUMP AND DUMP
Htz was it. If they rent out TSLA, I think it’ll pop.
A
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Name a better duo: 

Bulls celebrating a +1 day at 10:00 AM

Red by close
Looks like a photoshopped shitpost
I'm on my philly JWN today
lol what
Lol
Sike it broke LOL
Almost double...hope you are looking
fuck it, i'll buy some
🔥🔥🔥
And down we go
Cash it out and buy something - feels hella real
Broke the 330 support but idk if that means anything with how futures have been going recently
I’ve lurked this subreddit for insight and enlightenment, and I’ve finally come to realize that Nirvana isn’t a state, it’s a people. Ily guys
Which class of google stock do I want
GUH
Trump is gonna win place your high stakes bets
flair checks out
RIP nasdaq
bleed it out
So is this a green open with surprise PM red diIdo kind of day, or is the red dildo coming tomorrow?
Not buying amazon until bezos starts selling robotic cat girls
Withdraw 19,000
Tim Apple ! WTF?!
GLBS gonna blow, finally
How dippy are we getting here? I can still see this train falling off and heading back to 3250.
link???
I need the market to dip for bullish reasons
NIO dip right now
Be political as you want. A lot of puss bags on here don’t want to seem to face the fact that this game we play revolves around politics. Drives me nuts

#HairyLegs2020
Calm down Satan
Since the 🌈🐻 are losing in SPY they are now targeting our innocent boy AMZN
Hill House. More scary parts, better characters, emotional ending. Also dig the sad “bent-neck lady” girl
Could of cashed out up 5k twice in NIO wow
Have you ever heard the story of how I accidentally was seated at Shawn Michael’s’ table at a restaurant
420 baby  https://imgur.com/hq3cNYD
A 295$ put 11/4 on the spy, I’m just fucking waiting now holy shit this is finny be crazy
There is $66M buy order at 3,000, gonna be impressive

Edit:  well that aged well
AMZN the first tech bubble to pop, will the test follow? 👀
That aint happening today. These puts are way too OTM
[deleted]
Volatility, it swings both ways
It’s just another penny stock
Anyone going to play VXX by end of day? I’m sure it will massively spike tomorrow with the election looming. Going to buy calls
[deleted]
[deleted]
Mr market: “today, all shall be green. Amzn here are more upgrades, my child”



Amzn: “lmao fuck”
Wait
Yeah, dump the 150s. There’s no way you make money on those.
Thank you for explaining
sike, the 3k wall is just too strong
dat double top on tech doe
All aboard the EV money train 🚂 💰
AMZN is just leading the charge back into hell
massive spy put volume just now
NIO puts are juicy....
[deleted]
DXY  👀
My thoughts on AMZN price action is that both parties pretty much agree that Jeffrey needs to pay more taxes
[deleted]
damn thats really retarded then, ima buy some, by some I mean one
We going down!
Selling VXX puts?
Amazn gonna below 3000?
Apparently they sold at open for 50% loss
Snorting the IRs most likely
Now go and buy yourself an iPhone
I will mention you by name and you will be imprisoned
Shit fire
Holy smokes , Trump going to fire the doc . Puts on your calls
GUYS! That was so easy, buy at open and sell on that fake ass pump.
It already started
I love IB the fills are insanely good when compared to shit ToS but ToS is so gorgeous
This is some high IQ shit
what's the reason for that? Other FANG go up today
Break 3,000 AMZN you slut
The fuck are we all so happy about? Up 900 points since 20 min before Friday close
Was it worth the bull run
Your either big brain and you don’t know it or a fat out fucking retard just wait till Nov 20th
Yes
its a stronghold at 3000
Depending on the companies stock and volatility will determine premium price. Like pfizer would not be worth it cause even a month out and out of the money the premium price is not worth the hassle since it barely moves and the volume is low.
Target is 40, I think it’ll go down slightly and then climb again
Goodbye AMZN, and thanks for all the puts.
N
Like 2 extra chromosomes retarded.
Good lad.
Where in NYC are shops boarding up? I personally haven’t  seen it.
[deleted]
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SQ   170.0|3.25|3.4|3.37|0.58|98.569%


SQ 170.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawk01m&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Remember when they said Bears are fcked just because NIO was up
and theta gang
LMAO
chwy, run, jks, dkng. higher volatility = higher premiums
This is when I’d be loading up on vxx calls...if I had any money
long GME but this sub is making me really scared that the squeeze wont trigger
Nice so I need 10,000 shares to sell 100 puts
[deleted]
Bought in heavy at 9.00 last week. Holding a bag still. Also lowered my average in SRAC & SRACW. Looking good today!!!!!
Imagine thinking itd be green for elections 😂
GME
Yeah, gonna try that
Damn, so many salty downvotes today. Must be bear tears
I love to trade PSTH, it is my favorite pastime. 

When it goes up I say, "YES"!

When it goes down I say, "NO"!
Me too man
Kind of hard to force it on me in any way when you're so busy gobbling it yourself.
because mm want one last hopium rally to trap retards before dumping it
I shorted literal tons of oil, hoping for another massive crash since more and more places have announced strict lockdowns again. Winter should boost the pandemic, at least in my retard opinion.
Sell now or wait ?
Based on options pricing, expected SPY movement between now and Wednesday is $10.
Ok gotcha. So Imma hold em.
No one gives a shit about brick and mortar
Bad move
If Biden looks to win on the night but Trump in fact wins, expect bigly riots
Starting to look like a kangaroo market.
Amazon in free fall
This is like that time Razor Ramon won the IC title from Rick Martel and then Shawn Michaels said he had never lost it in the first place.
just sold a 2900p, good luck (not)
When will spy puts IV crush kick in ideally? Tomorrow?
Well spy will probably be 200 EOW so he’s okay
oh boy.. i'm either smooth brain retard or lucky, but averaging down on my spy weekly puts.
331p expiring today. It hurts - if I cashed out 10 min before EOD Friday I would have had a free stimulus check.
nice work no way i could hold that long, curious to see where nio ends up at towards nio day
[deleted]
Lmaooooo I died
Hedging puts with google calls pray4me
good move
AMD
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   40.0|2.71|2.78|2.72|0.83|104.067%


NIO 40.0C 2020-12-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawjvek&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Redder than the devils header
amzn giving us a sneak preview of tomorrow
Ps5 with tiktok videos?!?!
$2.75 is the best is gonna get for 12/18 $40c on NIO
I’m 1/4 UVXY and 3/4 LAC, I’m ready boys let’s fucking do this
I'm waiting badly for it. I'm mean, can wait to see it under 3k.
Different situations, but good data nonetheless
WTF JEFFREY AMAZON
Always inverse WSB. Thanks for the DD!
[removed]
Pg 130 nov 6 puts. All eggs no bacon
My order didn’t go through earlier, but I’m in now. Watch it go back to $3100 now. Lmao.
Bears : this little dip is your last chance offer
I follow smart money so apple is a given. I have a strong feeling the billionaires that own massive amounts of shares and apple aggressively buying back stocks with its near 200 billion dollar cash reserve wont let it fall below 100.

Tesla can easily make you like 100k in premium because of volatility but suddenly its a very real possibility it swings 100 dollars in value for random reasons. Also the volume in apple is massive so people and companies are always buying puts and calls.
Lol this
AMAZON MIGHT SEE 2.9K
[deleted]
Wtf is this bull shit
\\m/
Strike: 330 and 325. Expiration: Nov 20. Dunno what abs is, like I said, autist here
This why I love WSB. 4 words cut through all the BS. Trump wants Fauci gone because he’s losing Trump money. Bears say the quiet part out loud
Just dump already ffs, this is getting tiresome. Look at all the bad news.
That's...fucking dumb
Honestly I don’t know. Had 326 calls before the spike eod and sold
Why isn’t civil unrest really being spoken about as weighing in on markets regardless of outcome? Shops in NYC boarding up. If trump wins no doubt we will see the same as before, some protests and shit, but if Biden wins clear I mean wtf could go down? Domestic terrorism is a real possibility to me with the level of division rn

Not tryna be political
Yall game?

Thoughts on Unity ($U)???
[deleted]
[deleted]
My bags are so full already, I don’t have to hop back in
# GET OUT OF MY HEAD
cheap prices buy the dip, can't go tits up
So many fucktards in here today
# Loaded on TSLA calls for a Biden wave. See you all wed
like good retard or retard retard?
They’re all wiping out call/put option buyers.
Just go back to 330 and I promise I’ll sell everything 😉
Okay 11:12 is the real dump today
[deleted]
I think you meant to say hoarder/prepper fudds and people like my dad's hysterical email list of college buddies from the 70s who heard about an ammo shortage and flocked to it like sheep to buy up 50k rounds for the one AR that has been gathering dust in their closet since the late 90s. People who don't train and are probably sitting on ammo stockpiles in the six figures cause they buy bricks during every panic but never go shooting.

New gun owners are part of the problem because they don't know what good prices are so they're willing to pay clown prices, but the above group is the bulk of the problem.
I’m looking at reentry - but I have no clue what the whole market will be doing this week
that aged poorly
Puts are getting crowded out today. I have a feeling election might not be as contested as “experts” think and we’ll get a massive IV crush.
I wouldn’t
NIO  being NIO
Tuesday red ?
LAST TRADING DAY BEFORE ELECTION DAY!
Jfc. AMZN is the NY Jets.
Green across the board, everything rally, all systems go.

&#x200B;

^(#cashgang)
Retard
That show is still relevant after more than 20 years of being over.

Now someone put Trumps head on Elaine dancing.
TF is up with $AMZN??
If AMZN loses 3000 here we very well could see another 1% drop
*The numbers Mason, what do they mean?*
Snap $38p 11/06
bezos
You sir were right. Your a wizard Harry!
Fuck no, lol. Maybe when it's at 2700
Finally the market coming to it senses 🌈
^(You should listen to your doubts.)

^(You have been wrong before.)

^(Don't risk it, you can sell it now and nobody will know.)

^(You are not that smart.)
Fucked
AMZN
Is amzn going to find support at 3000?
Wicked gay
Why?
What's a good company to sell vertical spreads on right now for a small account?
Outside of my actual election plays doing the same.
GUH
Contested election doubled it in 2000
[deleted]
[deleted]
I thought no guidance was bad. Why LL up?
yeah me too, but gaming space will definitely get a boost with Playstation & Xbox releases. I still think calls while it's sub $80 are a good play
Looks like SPY reversal starting, so preparexfor next leg up
Every time TSLA is below 400 I buy weekly calls and make money. It's too close to the threshold
Bulls roll out the red carpet for substandard pussy
Whoever loses will contest. According to a Reddit headline for an article I didn’t read Biden has 4000 lawyers ready to contest if it’s close enough. Trump will cry and say it’s rigged if he loses and fight it anyway he can.
[deleted]
Man that's bullshit my brokeragelink won't let me buy stocks. I can buy fucking 5x leveraged etfs but individual stocks are TOO RISKY.
what's dragging down QQQ, crapple?
Slept through market open saw all my opening plays wouldve failed had i done them , calling myself up on the day
Dont sell, keep buying the dip. Worked for me every single time.
Unload? Lol
Tenacious D & Pantera all day. Burn this fucker down
Uber flying
Yeah I fomo’d into NIO but they’re pretty long dated so fuck it
TSLA 11/6 420C, retarded or no?
Who had Amzn puts and was it luck ?
Amzn will go sub 3000$ and stay under for a while.
Don't look back on the last two Mondays. LOL
Second
[deleted]
Haha, been bag holding 1700 shares of this garbage company for too long. Dying to unload
DXY going up while the market is pumping. Kind of like what happened last Thursday.
Imagine being hurt so bad you post this ^^
It’s a good play I got 50 at .05
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
TSLA   435.0|2.47|2.53|2.5|1.05|64.597%


TSLA 435.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawjkt5&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Nut and bolt?
Resistance gonna resist
PINS pls get dragged up
Strike abs date
Dammit, should have waited to load up on puts.I told myself to wait but got FOMOd at open
[deleted]
Imagine thinking the election wasn’t priced in
[deleted]
So i had 500 bucks laying around and thought, let me try out this robinhood thing....

Bought Tesla 10/30 $385 puts on 10/29 for like nothing, Tesla just happened to dip to like $384 and i tripled my money.

Now i rolled it into MSFT $255 2/19/21 calls and will sit on them until they expire.

If Microsoft hits like $280 before 2/19/21 I will be the dumbest motherfucker to ever make a significant amount of money playing stonks.
🌈 🐻 genocide
Positions?
Well, that was fun. Good to feel those warm bull feels, even if for a few minutes.
This is such a big swing on oil. I went to sleep in despair. I'm too lost to hop back in.
[deleted]
I mean it’s up 10%
[deleted]
Yes!
[deleted]
amazon playyiiinngggg
🌈🐻 got nuked from orbit, all you had to do was look at what happens every fucking election for the last 30 years retards
Might take a few days after Election Day because they have to count mail in ballots and they won’t all be in for a few days. Trump is trying to say these ballots shouldn’t be counted but let’s be real, all votes need to be counted. I know PA and NC(my state) are accepting mail in ballots a few days late. Not sure why people couldn’t do it earlier but their votes should still matter
Fine, those are almost always institutional hedges
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/nerdge the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Whatever I’m holding my VIX and if it doesn’t print by Wednesday I’m calling the cops
[deleted]
Cheaper by the hour with how green we are!
Why the fuck is AMZN down??
Snapppp
22k share buy order for Amazon at 3k
got some April 27s and 30s I'm probably going to average down with post-election. I think it might see a run up before the next earnings but I'm also retarded
SNAP PUTS AGAIN?
330 floor
but plenty of people DO have an issue wearing a mask. thanks in part to trump downplaying their usefulness! you seem to continue to ignore this however and think the man is a saint who can do no wrong.

good luck in life i'm not going to continue responding
It is decidedly so
Just waiting on that call of duty mobile & diablo immortal announcements in the next couple of weeks. Hopefully by December. Ass got blasted
i'll check for ya

well he just got 60% shaved off
Well if you’re just showing up to work you probably do 20k a month, and if you hustle you can do up to 200 in a month. I know it’s not a good thing- it’s a feast or famine industry, right now it’s a feast. I literally said we’re in a boom right now. Those numbers are absolutely not typical without a crazy rate environment though
The gay bear awaits his freshly printed new comment  to pounced with the downvote. This strategy while ineffective is funny for the chad bull who is about to feast
Imagine being so upset that your retarded moves lost you money so you spend all your time downvoting people on a fucking internet forum. 

Fuck off idiot
This did not age well
AMZN is the first faang to fall the rest will follow
This market just scares me, fucking anything could happen. Might cash gang for a week or so
You mean pump it.
go for it
Mathematically speaking tech is your best bet to buy.
Monday always brrreeeeennnn
Was probably a 2% hedge for some fund
Down slightly. Bush v Gore fucked the markets though so if it's contested I expect a big dip.

But I also sold 30$ covered calls for NIO so inverse me cause I'm dumb
Anyone watching google, looks ready to break out
Can you guys stfu about NIO, nobody fucking cares
Continuation of 323 retard str from friday. Let's see if 333 can tell it what the hand said to the face
Because that’s what everyone wanted to happen
Value quietly outperforming growth for the last  month... I had no idea
Watching Solaredge AH today and see how well they do and then act on Sunrun accordingly.
[deleted]
I guess I’ll just go fuck myself
[deleted]
How about if I sell them different times
i dont plan on losing 100k since I have been leveraging LEAPS and long calls. Just trying to figure out what to do when I get close to expiry since I'm haven't had to deal with that before
Should have gone Lumber gang
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well if the market can fade that kind of dump from AMZN and AAPL I’d say that’s a pretty big deal
fake news and bullish delusions
I’m not panic selling, I’m unwinding my positions 😎
Absolutely clapped on 325p expiring today 🤦‍♂️🤡😂
Nio calls with Jan expiry or later continue to just be free fucking money, been that way since mid October
[deleted]
The only thing I’m looking for is stimmy. Stimmy has to save us
Ay dunt wan eet
Look how they massacred my boy AMZN
Show lossporn gaybears. I know you are here!
soon
I’m not a bear.. but ok
Rkt just fucking go up please 🚀🚀🚀🚀
# Dont see the market today ???

# Load on TSLA calls for a Biden wave you retards.
yeah just be patient, or average down.. it'll be back in the 80s once we get into holiday season
Roger
Wonder how the person who dropped 3.8M EOD friday on 11/4 SPY 290p is doing today.

EDIT: 

Here was the link I found this from:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlldo3/60000\_spy\_290\_puts\_114/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlldo3/60000_spy_290_puts_114/)
There’s enough head for everyone.
Interesting. Why not options instead? Timing isn’t certain?
Need a cheap yolo!
May his leaving tank the market.
cash out!
Last week the market was terrified of the virus, election uncertainties, fading of stimulus and European shutdowns but it's all priced in now. We'll rally higher from here.
I simply shouldnt have been a lil bitch and just bought some on Friday. I think it has some room to go, someone said ER is 11/17 so no worries for now.
I bought puts.... spxs puts!
This is the way, definitely. I'm going to load up on Dec 18th 35c or 40c when I get more available cash. Earnings is coming up soon.

The thing I have learned from two miserable months of trying to "time" NIO is that you fucking can't. It will pick any day and just do 15%. You MUST take the "time in the market" approach to NIO. Get 2+ month out calls and hold onto them.
Why hasn’t he leveraged a second basket is what I’m asking?
They at r/relationshipadvice
IQ of a potato over there.
Welp, gotta average down i guess. I was saving this for rent but here goes some more FB puts
Bought jan 2022 37c up 30% already I’m holding this baby till she prints
that play is dead man.
Regardless there was a lot of money left on the table and I knew about the merger but I had no faith in it , this was back in April when stuff was bad and when I first joined WSB lol , all good no point of reminiscing about what if’s
Tellin you here, dawg. This is that good DD. LMT is the best defense ticker out there atm. Donald Pump wins, its gonna hit a fat ass 10+% jump in the next week. Hit up them calls
The Trick ist to know what will Happen before they Print News, cuz the Chart tells U :)
You’ll lose your shirt
Just gimmie half I'll do it for you.
go for it
[deleted]
lmao
That's already happening daily.
Haha, yeah, I got that feeling from this sub. I'll definitely do thorough research before dipping my toes into this rabbit hole.
How could they possibly know? Early votes won't entirely be counted for a while.
Weedstocks was the same.  A few people did the math and it basically looked like, at the peak, that every single weed co was poised to take 100% of the market or that every person was going to start buying an 1/8 a day for some reason.  Cue crash.
m a n i p u l a t i o n
Y’all hate on SNoW but winter is here bitches
Saved?
stonks
If you aren't playing tech you're wrong
Last real chance to sell it.
we green, bear r fuk
deliveries number reported
True chad move right there.
[deleted]
You might know before you go to sleep tomorrow...before market Wednesday
They are panic buying AR style guns because of the Biden video saying  we are coming for them" in a video where he is eating at Whataburger with Beto, in efforts to have them grandfathered in before he has a chance to outlaw them.

There was some controversy as to what he meant to say, because why not. He either says, "We are coming for them" (outlaw guns) or "We are coming for 'em" (Hiring Beto on cabinet) Either way its not good for the second amendment.

[https://www.statesman.com/news/20200314/fact-check-does-video-show-joe-biden-threatening-to-take-guns](https://www.statesman.com/news/20200314/fact-check-does-video-show-joe-biden-threatening-to-take-guns)
No one is going to "riot" if Trump wins fairly. City folk are not the gun crowd. However, if Biden wins, expect the macho men wannabes in camouflage flaming out in a spectacular fashion.
AMZN 3k baby 🥳🥳🥳
Same
Good, because I sold short Iron Condors!

So the market has to move above the strike of the calls I sold, or the market has to move below the strike of the puts I sold or else I make money.

#ThetaGang
Which stocks are best to own?  Most way out the money options are not worth very much right?  Some only a few cents
[removed]
Going in on some VTI $170 12/18 puts, wish me luck.
Ah gotcha - yeah didn't know when you bought.
Battle toads?
Where
Reloaded on DKNG 11/20 35p when she hit 2 points.  Feels good so far.
Haha I'm getting an oil change for my Elantra. I wish I was kidding.
F
60% of the time it works every time.
Oil prices crashed this weekend and XLE is going up. Does this signal the bottom was finally found?
yeah your fine. Wait, do you have 2 kidneys?
Praise Be November 3
Thats fine. I m not forcing it down your throat like your dad did.
[deleted]
Yeah I'm pretty bad with Nio so far, I keep buying the peak.
For LMT
Thank fucking God NET has weeklies.

Time to be a theta nerd
Looks like a paper account. But what do I know.
This market weak ass
Can confirm still receive reception in the grave
anyone touching calls on $WORK? oversold on pretty much everything except weekly.
It’s going fuckin nuts. I wish I just Yeeted my money into it instead of just dipping a toe. 


Also PLEASE sell some of that dawg.  You don’t wanna walk away crying.
Double down, bears!! Cheap putz!!
Bought spy puts at bottom, now nio at top. This is how I hedge against myself.
rip
My 8 ball says ask again later.
It’s  a put vibe
Buy your calls for when mango starts to celebrate.
 why don’t you take a hike over to r/investing
You are supposed to do the opposite of what WSB tells you.
Wtf why hasn't this house of cards dumped yet? It's election week!
Well it’s not like that’s why I was there in the first place.. but in the end? Absolutely.
nope
Anyone willing to bet on RIG?  You dont need options, 1k shares is \~$700.
lol chasing tendies, classic
[removed]
Love the new market.

Recession one day and gets resolved the next day. By the time my SPY 450 hat comes, it might be outdated.
[deleted]
It's not FOMO if it's dipping, right?
A lot of china stocks pumping like crazy. Biden bets being thrown down
ok retard
I did
JKS if Biden wins? 80c is like $1
listen up retards, I thought we would find out who becomes president tomorrow, is that not so?
can you die lil bit faster NIO?
Xbox Series X game console launches. PS5 launches on the 12th.
shut the fuck up queer bait
There will be a .25 or even .5% dump at some point today.  Put holders you just gotta wait for it at this point and then unload.
👍
Si senior
Thank fuck i sold my puts on Friday. Smart bull gang.
That looks familiar
Bruh if he fires Fauci we are totally 🔩
Not a bad strategy if you’ve got a meaty 401k as well. After you file bankruptcy you’ve still got one meaty boi.
Lol probably not my dude
Good day to buy AMZN shares!!! Discount day :)
Or ban
🤣
[deleted]
Dont
Up 2k on my $BA calls today... Down 22k overall... lol
i did lmaooooo
Idk I’m kidding I just bought 20
What’s causing SPY to pump?
I have been defeated. Cash gang 😔
Nothing this is dumb as fuck trying to pump lmao

GME is dead
So *double top* was a fucking lie
Gambler's fallacy in a nutshell
This is definitely the pattern on NIO. Premarket pump, fade during market hours, smaller bumps the next few days.
Sold my calls and bought puts. Who’s ready for a face ripping moon?
Amazon going to see 2.5k before it sees 3.5k again
Why
I occasionally browse /r/realtesla, but that sub is on the other extreme.
You went shopping for...a bag of dicks?
Tesla puts here, yay or nay?
Idk, seems like ppl BTFD any time it goes under $3k
Lol they are homeless with no internet to post their losses.
Yes buying all my Christmas gifts with amzn this year.
Really fighting the urge to FOMO on NIO calls
M
Every time I do it makes me laugh
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm in at 20.20 from before merger.  Sold at 37 and 35 when it was clear this was tanking (bag holding 10%).  I bought more at 18.50 friday and if it goes further down to 18, I'll buy more again.
3500 nov 20 is super cheap
Are these gonna be OK???

[https://imgur.com/gallery/Tyehokq](https://imgur.com/gallery/Tyehokq)
Salty Bear downvoting everyone 😂, get a life
You prefer a guy who will cause the value of your collection to drop?
Edit: oh nm, i see your comment below...
Profit is profit man any green is good. The people who tell you otherwise are the one's who post the crazy loss porn on here. All depends on your risk tolerance man.
what color [lambo](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=toy+lamborghini+car&crid=2BXQ2FRH7W1EC&sprefix=toy+lamb%2Caps%2C279&ref=nb_sb_ss_ts-do-p_1_8) are you getting?
Elon is such a shit school.
They might not notice
That's better both percentage wise and in pure cash return than most have had here for months. Bravo.
What stocks are pumping the DOW up?
Flip a coin and bet it lands on its side
[deleted]
Bullish.
Always have been
Hand Over Fist is a collaborative album by Minnesota rapper Mike Mictlan and hip hop producer Lazerbeak, both members of Minneapolis hip hop collective Doomtree. The album was released on Doomtree Records on October 14, 2008.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hand_Over_Fist 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
Wheels about to fall off in 5 minutes. 🚧🚂
Nah, they're buying guns to protect their right to breathe without a mask as intended by God to facilitate shouting at women breast-feeding in public.
[deleted]
Went from up 100% on snap puts to down 20% in less than an hour. This stock sucks
Yeah feel ya man. I have 11/20 40c that I bought last week. If it wasn't for the election there's no doubt I'm holding them but like many say in here .. profit is profit. It's only been an hour so I'ma sit and wait for a bit 👍👍💰💰
Not selling amzn aapl I don’t care.
we aint safe yet bois

need to break this shitty downtrend
all these drama .....

... you guys surely must be aware that it's been flat since last Wednesday?
[deleted]
I have 120 $20 puts and I still think my play is better then this
Uhh my RH is showing I’m up 10K.   WTF.
Yeah, theta gang positions. Premiums are so high right now, theta gang gonna make a killing unless we get some huge move.
Only goes up baby
Ending today red. You cucks have been warned
Suck this dick cunt
pricing in taxes for once
A
What is hand over fist? Also, cyclicality isn't inherently a good thing, it just happens to be right now
Nope, still here. Just watching market pump on low volume
MMs gettin PAID today....
Sell it instead. Use the IV crush to your advantage.
Fisker is legitimately skyrocketing. 

All that failure from buying SPAQ too early is starting to come back
Nobody gives a fuck which propaganda outlet you pander to.
Wrong way amzn.
Get owned, bear! Lol
What strike
Take a break. Switch to shares for a while and then just make little options trades here and there if you get the itch.
Of everything that opened green today my dumbass fomo’d into NCLH on Friday
[removed]
tanks
We go up till Wednesday when trump tweets some shit how the election isn’t legit
You'll get marked, but selling a 5th one will get ya banned on RH
you gotta stop doing that.
My kids would say "get gud"...assholes lol
Soooo aapl puts?
#You think I'm joking?
Rip bear god fauci 😞
What does AAPL, AMZN and AMD have in common?
Bought a SPY call for $3 and sold for $4 STONKS
thank
Wonder if bezos and ex wife are dumping shares again
U are not alone
Amazon dip rn juicy af
Yea but that shit would be so transparent
I think it was DGLY
[deleted]
DKNG used to be my 🐐 what an absolute piece of shit it has become
massive volume.  I think big money is joining the party on a likely Biden win and electrification push.
Yes good sir thank you for the directions
Just sold a 11/20 10p on FSR. I hope I don’t get assigned 😂
SPY put premiums are high AF.
AMZN sub 3k = calls
Spy puts haven’t been IV crushed yet but spy needs to drop today to avoid tomorrow’s IV crush. Make sense ?
AMZN to 2650 eow
My body is ready.
The guy who lost money on puts and is downvoting everyone like a tantrum kid is back
Lol that’s a dumb play lol
Its not bears down voting its these cuck bulls whose down voting
I'm not buying, I'm writing (sell to open) options,  so notice the way I'm dealing with it.

#ThetaGang
*stare at option* 

Price moves 5% 


Price moves 8%


 *panic place order, doesn’t fill*


Price moves 15% 


*cancel, refill, cancel, refill, cancel* 


Order fills after 20% increase  


*price drops 40% in next hour*
Ding ding ding.
Bull that got ass gapped by ATVI. Feels like there is still hope for my $80 2/21 and 1/21 calls that i bought at $79 before the earnings fuckery
Mango "going in with his lawyers" like he told reporters CANT be good for the market in Nov, right?
So you bought half a share?
why are AMD and Cuckazon in the shitter today?
Thanks <3
[deleted]
This is the pricest iv seen put weeklies go for even on a 1.60% green day, use this info as you will
I would buy CRSR, but the IV is 100% 8 days before earnings.
Is there a 100% chance of getting patterned as a day trader if you sell a 4th one for the first time
"Muh puts!!!!"
My puts never stood a chance...
My indicators are saying there is a 73% chance we will finish below 3300 today.
Who am I? I am you, but stronger
I can’t believe my AMZN eyes
Went to a pet shop yesterday to get my dog some food and they were selling dried bull testicles and bull penises. They called them “bully sticks”. Bought one for my doggo and she ate it in no time. Puts on bulls reproductive abilities
There's no way you can make any money on SPY puts with anything less than a worst case contested election.  Premium too high.
Ex-dividend
Should i sell you autist 36c NIO this week? Whats the sentiment
thought I opened grindr for a second after looking at this sub
[deleted]
I need an asteroid the size of New York City to hit the planet right fucking now
Yesterday when futures opened -0.7%, bears were running victory laps. Now they are all dead.
Lets say you have 250k in apple. You are bullish it will go higher so you sell put options to people, these people think it will go down. The worst case is buying stock at a higher price than it is worth. But you are holding those stocks so having more shouldn't be an issue. 

Lets say you sell 100  put contracts at a strike price of 100 dollars that expire in Dec 4th. You will collect 20k in premium and walk away with profit assuming apple does not go below 100 in a months time. Very unlikely so you could just sit back and collect these premium from foolish people.
These are way out of the money and unlikely to hit so all your doing once a month is colleting 20k in options premium.
Can’t wait for your post later today saying “omg I sold my spy puts for -98% loss and now they’re up 2000%!!!”
amazon under 3k is free money, im buying with everything
No
I’m gonna hold calls through the Erection 🤡
Go to r/pennystocks ya nerd.
Come on, we know you want to show off those loss putporns.

Do it do it do it!!!!
paper money, hence the cropping of the image.
History shows shit goes up after elections. Depending on your capital available to spend you could starting buying now and over the next few weeks/months. 

Then you literally can't go tits up. 

I'm not a doctor and this is not medical advice.
By this speed, AMZN wont need stock split
Fuck you can say that again.
So is NIO gonna get back to 14%?
Me
Downvote bot activated? Someone salty AF right now
Ban
There’s a good one called BAN
I BELIEVE DKNG WILL MOON BUT DONT AT ME WHEN YOUR LONG ON ROPE
TAN calls?
Look just because you held SPY puts over the weekend does not mean you need to downvote everybody whoever you are
[removed]
[deleted]
Bought SPY 338c for 3 cents. Now they’re at 6 cents. I’m somewhat of a trader myself 😏
Bears are kill
#and that is why You sell options during this, not buy!

#ThetaGang
A lot of angry bears right now downvoting left and right b/c they are straight broke after today
look at those spy put premiums.........
damn oil pumped from 34-36 in like few hours
I only trade Nio.

That should tell you all you need to know.
RCM 11/20 $22.5

Get the fuck in here and let’s get rich
crazy how fast shit moves.  Spy up 1% in 35 minutes
I don’t believe it until you block half the users in this thread
All the doomsday predictors from last week are so quiet now.
How many of you fucks have NIO calls and lost no nut November at open?
I’m glad it’s still bearish in here, bodes well for my AAPL and TSLA leaps and end of month FB calls
Plug 🔌🤩
Imagine being a bear. Not even once.
Let’s wait until EOD bud. This smells funny
All hail $PLUG
After tomorrow yes
Made a quick $300 and fuck it I'm calling it a day before I screw it all up
Fire Fauci....bullish.
thank you sir for your kind words. These are my retirement money so I won’t be able to touch it anytime soon though.
[removed]
god damnnn I forgot how much I missed having wsbsynth.com playing in the background while working 🙏
[deleted]
ask for a refund?
Yes!
What happens the 10th?
Ew its cnn
[deleted]
Its gonna drill just wait for it to go down a little and take 30%
I'm torn. 

I have 2 brokerage accounts- 1 with long term holds, the other with short term puts. I don't know how to feel at the moment
Bears getting gaped. You hate to see it.
I didn't downvote you, some NIO bear did - fuck that guy. Anyway yeah probably. I am worried about it getting turned on a market downturn suddenly. I might take profit today then buy back in but who knows its all a crapshoot sometimes.
Can’t catch a break on AMZN. All red 15m candles
AMZN is straight up not having a good time
Everybody has been saying for way too long that Election Day will be red, so naturally it will be the greenest mf of the year.
stonks always go up after the election

it’s 2020 so that means it’s gonna fall off acliff
bezos really just needed to hit us with a stock split... boi fucked up
After making so many bad plays it’s hard not to feel like the market is rigged against you and the big boys are just bleeding us plebs dry.

But I know the reality is I’m just retarded
some retard strength going on with VIOT. up 4.2%   

# 📈 📈 📈 📈 📈
woof those spy premiums
Or moon 🌙
Anybody buying UVXY shares? Not calls
May expiration $31 strike? Okay boomer. Come back when you’re holding this Friday expiration $42 strike
https://i.imgur.com/O0IsvRo.jpg

Fuck you mass downvoter 😈
🐟 gang swimming in tendies today
my gut was right.
wasn't cramer telling boomers to buy last week, yeah this a trap
Yes
LMT 11/20 380c, 12/20 400c - Donnie pump win and these explode
Axon?
We’re an hour into Monday
Stop buying high and selling low
Sold my fb calls bought Friday at super dip at 7, they still pumping
DGLY
Used to be I wanted shit to crash so I could make a bunch of money. Now I want shit to crash just to hurt as many people as possible.

I call it personal growth. Always bad to be self-centered, gotta think about other people sometimes too.
small green/flat days for maybe 1-2 days. Last chance to be cash gang. Or load up those shorts. 



After wednesday, it will be red waterfall event. Brace yourself.
look guys all I need is for my Gamestop calls to go up 2000% to make my account back even so I can get off this wild ride

Is that too much to ask for?
Looks like it’s time to cut my spy put losses.
Downvotes make me rock hard bc it means 🐻s losing money. I’m jacked! IM JACKED TO THE TITS!!!
Hold paypal?
SPY really has no business above 330 today IMO
Mans planted a tree 🌲
You want a screenshot?
Sigh.  I thought about buying 1000 shares when it was $3-4 but literally forgot to put in the order
anyone in croxidle w me :)
Only a select few can be in one of the big tech companies today that’s red while the entire market is green 

We select few should prolly quit trading

I’m talking about myself
@bulls, sell any FDs by 12
DGLY
Algos playing yo-yo
[deleted]
It is a 🐻 🌈 fiesta in here jesus
Yeah I used to feel like that and then I realized I shouldn’t be a pussy
The stocks?
NIO tends to go up a lot during the pre-market. Tomorrow I’m sure it’ll go a bit more up, and u can take profits then.
MMs pumped this to take the bears money. Going to dump it soon to take the bulls money. High premiums = MM paradise
glad i paper handed my amazon call on friday...this right here is some fuck shit... looking for reentry...is it flashing before my eyes?
AMZN catching support here at 3010-3015 or is she gonna slip'n'slide under 3000???

What was the ticker for that one bodycam company that mooned back when all the riots & shit were at their peak?
I was thinking the same thing.
Bro is down worse than me 😭😭
Incredibly stupendous bull trap
You mean he...lies? No, no that can’t be true, cooper asked him about that and he said he was the most honest person cooper had ever talked to
333 will be the top
I knew it was going to be a green Monday because all the autists here were expecting a crash
I’d still rather wait until 10am because I don’t think options are accurately priced before 10am
Say it with me: UK was priced in
alright AAPL, lets move now.
Holy shitttt
the royal we, myself & the market of course
Ackman will merge with an MLM for one last chance at destroying Herbalife.
Did you not watch it drop like $200+ dollars last week?
[deleted]
Tuesday afternoon poots are ready
Up overall?
Thank goodness for trailing stop loss tf was that dive CLX ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
This is a low volume pump. I wouldn’t get comfortable if I had calls.
5 years+ salary for me. Well done man, I hope the money improves your life and the lives of those that you love.
i meant when he referred to black americans as poor and that other time he referred to black american childern as cockroaches....
My sense are tingling for an epic bull trap
Very very trappy.
Yea Im waiting. Puts only til Wednesday
Sorry bro
So - for transparency. I am in 31K worth (now 41K+ worth) of 40Cs for May. That is just how I kind of roll though.

Honestly with NIO? You have some options, you can hope for a dip before earnings, buy Nov 20's or Decembers, and sell right before earnings (I am afraid of IV crush)

You can buy longer dated calls (Jan or later) with a 40C or more and hope for minimal IV crush and solid movement. Have an exit plan on when you will take profit. So if you say hit 100% then sell and depending on when that happens you can look for another entry point.

Currently - NIO is having solid jumps, then will consolidate and fall as the market falls. So when it first pumped from 21 to 29, it fell back down to 26 on general market down turn before another upgrade.

Earnings is 17 November AMC. Best of luck. Take my advice with a grain of salt, do your own due diligence, don't just blindly listen to me.
end of week predictions?
IMO you should’ve sold when you were up 5%.
Rkt puts after this run up
Puts at the bottom calls at the top
Bunch of sexual predators
*Scottish voice* That’s right you cunt.
but spy calls today and sell in 3 hours
I take total responsibility over my bad plays but china...
Lol don't start this shit again JKS
Same bruh. Worst time fomo in? Lulz
[deleted]
>  Dont kill yourself or something

Hey, hey, hey, let's talk beneficiaries first.
[removed]
[deleted]
Anyone else getting super delayed notifications?
Wish I had more than one wimpy  NIO May 2021 $31 call
[deleted]
nice, wishing you continued good fortune
Honestly I just feel like giving up... I just keep losing money.
Stock market looking cute, trying to rebound
Averaging into spy puts is not working yet fyi
Got another 400 cts in RBH but too lazy to post both lol.
Who is “we”?
We drill tomorrow calling it now 🌈🐻
Fuck I sold my $10Cs when I was up 140% I always sell too early lol hate this shit
Look, if you have to ask then do more research elsewhere before you get eaten alive.
The boys are indeed, back in town.
my plan today was to buy a few hundred shares of NIO and sell some weekly CCs.  Never got a chance, went all in with 35c 11/20s instead.  This is the way.
Maybe I caught a dip into NIO. Maybe I didn't kill NIO since I only bought one cheap call for it.
I have been bamboozled too many times over the past month
[deleted]
Only down 37% today no sweat
I’m jealous there’s nothing in life like slimming down before the big party
I might jump in with a 331 spy put trade tight stops
Lmao watch the rug pull
Apple might go up a dollar a day for the next month
You can’t just shout it Michael
[deleted]
Take profits. Don't be a 🐷
BigC calls for November 5th earnings. It always goes up in anticipation of earnings call, you need to sell on the day of earnings call
MMM
I wish options on SMG weren't so low volume.
Less regret than I thought for selling my VIX calls on Friday
Some times I wonder to myself damm how is spy up almost 2% on horrible news
Whats happening. Stimulus talks going well?
Shit wild today
Watching NIO hover on my average price makes my dick sweat.
Idk if I can diamond hand these puts for much longer
Volume super low not gonna take a lot for this all to reverse 😬
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/davideisenkraft the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
so tempting
Chill on me man
Bought up nio a bit to high. But long term it's all good
vxx and vix are rising as this little rally slows.  maybe you need to wake up
Fuck da market I'm playing Luigi's mansion in my underwear
Not a rumor
SPY puts, UVXY, SQQQ, and VXX calls, i am fuk
Holy HON
Are bears kill yet?
Got out of my puts idgaf. At least got some value back. Prob buying back in EOD
Ok so you don't know which direction the market will go -- how is this different than literally any other trade you make?
face ripper
What you guys think about roku? Always flops after er right?
Taking a shit....wondering if my options are doing the same
holy fuck another .75c pump this shit is wild
So not only was I completely correct about NIO, I wasn't fucking in it when it pumped. That's TWICE now I haven't been in it when it hit its pump day. Fuck my stupid idiot hands.

From now on I'm just buying a month and a half or two+ out and holding.
Spy premiums more inflated that dolly parton's tits
Lots of room for this one to run.
Holy premiums in SPY
Spy puts when it hits 332.50
Now that’s a veiny green dildo I like
332 

Are.you.fucking.serious 🤡
Absolutely talking 6 figures. If you’re not doing 6 figures in this environment you’re doing something wrong
No bueno
I was told UVXY calls would be free money :/
Bitch stonks only go up, get out of here with your crayons
We should collectively buy some small cap stonk and send it to moon. So we all can become rich
[deleted]
A sign from the old gods
ANY reasons to not dump my ICLN positions?
BLY Manor was trashhhhh
SPY 333 is max pain for me. Above 336 and I’m printing; below 329 and I’m printing
My 11/6 $290p SPY not feeling very well.
Idk man that thing always pumps as soon as I sell. Maybe wait and see if market actually goes red today
One of those companies actually sells things right now
Youd be investing in it when its up 2000% on the year anyways. No better time than now if you plan on holding
I need $50 by next dec please
Maybe buy some shares of square.
lol everything is pumping
wow we are mooning
nio aint stopping - fuck just sold my 30c 1/15.. arghh
Bears Last Night: Futures don't matter, let's see what happens when the market opens...

Bears Right Now: I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!
FSR is up 20%
Knew I should have picked up APPS calls friday EOD, FML.
Fisker
*Dear diary, I lost everything, again.*
Most of these idiots did
Nio just gonna silently (like a quality chinese EV) drive up to 36 at close
SPY 330P?
I am just wondering why my post got deleted? This was not a spam.
It would take a 3% collapse for me to make any money at this point. RIP
Bruh they were losing money before the lockdown, I won’t be surprised if they declare bankruptcy by EOY
America does in fact work like a video game.

The game gets even easier as you get richer. You can start ignoring certain rules other players have to follow.
LOL at the market going up after this entire sub was screaming about Puts all weekend
It is. Under normal circumstances I would pull out. GME isn't normal circumstances. It could either be the turn around of the year or the biggest flop. Management seems to be giving a shit and putting in effort this time around.
Just took the biggest shit of my life. Easily 3-4 pounds. This is a sign.
how you doin bro
Looks retards. We sold off Wednesday through Friday to almost July numbers. If you think any institutional money that’s gonna sell, hasn’t in those two big sell days and waiting for today, you’re extra special. PAMP ALL DAY
ex div today
Trump has been the least power hungry president in the last 100 years. He had a massive opportunity to enforce nationwide lockdowns and other things you know a democrat would’ve done had they been in office.

Orange man bad but he’s actually a fantastic president policy wise .
Private investor.  I use a option flow service.
at minimum hitting 3350
Called it

😂✌️
[deleted]
Boys give me a play. I’m down 50% because of DKNG calls.
no
What are you talking about?  Go back to bed
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
CRSR   25.0|1.75|1.95|1.79|-0.26|106.743%


CRSR 25.0C 2020-11-20 was mentioned 3 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawi1d9&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
I withdrew my money and left 250 in RH to play with. Spreads and condors will be my new best friend.
So we gapped up today?! Okay gg
Fuck snap probably rocket since I have puts
Must be QQQ earnings today
Me
savage lol I blew up my acc and lost like 80% so i’m playing slow for now
so what you're saying is chart drawings are basically just people who show up as soon as the newspaper prints to point at it and say "see, told ya there was going to be something in here"
Imagine GME not going anywhere and bleeding out the rest of the day
40<
A service called FlowAlgo
Lets gooooooo. My SPY theta is -3000 and and my delta is 2693.
I'm about to just take the L on these CRSR 25c 11/20, earnings runup has been halted.
Options officially declared gay
Is there any news as well or is this the only indicator rn?
Called it 

😂✌️
order at the bid
Reassure them that it’s a part of discovering yourself and breaking down the core aspects of what makes you you. It’s the first step in removing yourself from physical desires.
sounds like he had puts so not the worst bet
do you work a trade desk? or just private investor
I have $500k what is selling puts?
Agree. That episode was top notch!
I wanna get in on either NIO or FSR but I hate investing when it’s up 10%
SNAP end of week predictions anyone?
RIP put holders
Market surges 900 pts since EOD Friday to screw theta gang
SPY premiums rn are fucking juiced. If you're holding overnight, you're a special kind of retard
short sighted bulls are about to see what happens when you try to fuck a bear in the ass
I’m either gonna make 100k on snap puts or be poor lol
rip
Confirmation Bias: Puts will go up 


Source: Dude trust me
[deleted]
It's official, whatever WSB says is wrong
Where can I get them hopium with my NIO tendies today ?!?!!!?
I’ll never buy or sell options before 10am because you get fucked with wide bid-ask spreads at market open
Well if you bought puts on Friday RIP.
I want to gamble FUAAARKKK
Everything was telling me green, but I just didn't trust it.

I still don't.  So I'm sitting on my hands
wishing you all a good fucking week
fuck it bro if america can’t make me money i’m going w china
Why?
🥳
YOU PAID $3.50 FOR $150 CALLS???? That's literally saying it would be $600 pre-split
Yes
Damn TDA showing an MMM value of +/- 7.5 for QQQ
puts on option
You will drive yourself crazy looking at the options fluctuate. It took me a while to just buy it and check back in a couple hours. Keep in mind the worst that can happen is flat for 5 hours. This is decrease the value by 10% or so. You can hold for the volume to come back in the afternoon or sell and re enter another day (Monday, Wednesday or Friday). 

I cannot tell you the amount of times in the beginning when i was nervous looking at the balance jump +-5% then check back and find it back at a cool 20% gain. Mondays especially have been 50-100% gains by afternoon majority of the time.
fml why did I by cuckrosoft instead of cuckbook calls
 I really want to buy AMZN leaps rn but I know I should wait until after the election 

But man it looks so tempting rn 😍
I dump my weekly deposits in way too fast, if the market was a chick she would be fucking disappointed by that action
ER 11/17 so there's prob a little more room to move up
Im a simple man. I see tech green, I load puts.
[removed]
How do you see the flow?
QUIT SITTING ON YOUR DICK BEZOS LETS PUMP IT
something like that, this green is just repositioning. we are certainly not done with selling.
He is going to merge with burger king again
Its like the market just told me I’m adopted. 

Whole life’s a lie.
doesn't sound like anybody is making any money except of the meme plays today.  Congrats NIO holders.
Math no work on this market
HOOOOOOOOLD
 #IMAGINE BUYING GME PUTS AFTER IT FELL 37% IN A WEEK. YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE
**NOPE**
$6.95->$1.73 😭
I’ve been sitting on a handful of 25p 12/18 I got for .21. Everytime it breaks even or goes positive, it shoots right back up to 40+ per share
This is the natural cycle, retards fomo onto calls, and by close we will be blood red
Guh i have those too but bot @ like 1.12
A lot of states have homestead exemptions, so you'll keep your primary residence in that case.
Idk man. $NIO is printing today . That’s all I know
P/E is a social construct created by the global elite to keep the minorities down financially and institutionalized.
I originally did a paper on them a few weeks back and I thought they have a chance if they get a big contract doing some type of print work for a big company, but now I think their management is shit and will prob just go bankrupt because they are just all over the place with trying anything new to get their stock price up.
What an awful joke.
Wtf is this bullshit pump
They sell their cars for $1,000,000 each right?
SNDL 🙈🙉🙊
Ikr I’m making money hand over fist here
Boomers
Yea man my lil AMZN/SPY/VXX formula failing me today gonna sit this one out.
Retarded is my style
bro looking at gains on thetagang. They are making bank rigth now!
I'll hop back into the market when I have50k saved up for theta plays. Until then, <1k portfolio for some gambling
Stimulus 2.0 OTW never be a bear
No dump today =bigly green tomorrow. Everything is priced in already. It's just a matter of how big the pump will be.
Honestly probably billionaire and I’m not even being sarcastic
Tomorrow is 11/3. 11x3=33 =Illuminati day of reckoning.
no need to make shit up
big...beautiful...butz
What a noob mistake, I went to close my position and accidentally doubled down, of course I lose money
no problem. I started using spreads to get around PTD, seems like it works pretty good.
Unless it does
Pump the market before it crash again like March
# FAKE
Facebook puts have to be free money.. right?
Oh dear I’m from fucking Uk you massive twat I’m trading the ftse and you’re telling me I’m wrong about what time my market opens? Clocks have changed recently ours changed cple weeks ago and I believe yours has changed recently. What are you still in high school sucking on your mums saggy titties?
What is "huge" to you? A couple of thousand dollars? If so, do it. That's not real money. You're not changing your life over that. You won't even qualify for bankruptcy for that.  


Are you talking about YOLOing $200,000? That's what takes real balls.
If that is the case buy some SPX debit spreads for about$20 each and turn that into $500 for each spread
An insurrection is a black swan even when you watch it come.
No way amazon goes green what the fuck. Dips all morning while spy consolidates or goes up.
I badly want to make a play but I don't fucking trust anything right now. Looks like I'm sitting cash gang like a little bitch.
Nio did this same shit last time - kind of hovered and I thought "oh it will go back down further I will buy in then..." - and then it fucking took off like a damn rocket. Who knows though
[deleted]
Lol people show up to polling place with guns and swords threatening  voters and you are worried about the use of the word attack. You are a clown.

Edit. Also a new account with 1 post asking us retards where to yolo your money. Double clown.
Back into tech
What calls should I buy?
Election is like earnings for the entire market. Inflated IV, big opportunity for profit if the market behaves nonsensically enough in your favor.
Got em boys
bull week coming soon
spy 336 eod
It’s not that it’s that shorts are gonna recover and take profit before ps5 sales and Xbox
Thanks
Sold my puts when it hit 40 again
THE DIP WAS BOUGHT!!!
Just like the Teletubbies
Wdym stonks go up hahAA
Every time I see a big jump I think to my self, I really shouldn’t jump in this late since it never works out and everytime I talk myself into fomoing into things
Was able to scalp a quick 600 hundred before that turn up
He bought? 😂
I hope I have served you well. Prepare for a red day tomorrow.
Bought another AAPL leap to average down.
won’t have guidance, doesn’t matter on earnings
this is where spacmen gets his free money, from people like you
My retarded AAPL $150 C 1/15/21 calls are still dead lmfao... $3.50 -> $0.51

#GUH
You wild
UVXY calls gang
That’s just like your opinion man. If it’s a scheme you should get in on it. We’re in one of the biggest mortgage booms ever, LO’s are making money hand over fist. And plenty of brokers are like mlm schemes that’s why you don’t work for those companies
ICLN calls remain very cheap, come get in on this y'all. Biden wins, guarantee spike on Nov 4th, sell 5 min after open.
[deleted]
[deleted]
In calc right now what formulas gonna help me not losemoney
SPY PUTS AND SELL EOD FOR CRASH?
hill house creepier but the episode explaining the lake ghost lady in bly was awesome
Attacking is a little strong of a word lmfao nice try
Miss those days ...... because I’m way down since the split
**WHAT IS HAPPENING**
Gimmie a ticker that sells vests
Seems like it's trying to drill through the earth to get to the moon on the other side of the fucking planet. shit is retarded.
When every single person is calling you stupid for not having puts, why do you think it's done the right play?

People are weird.
Or 335
I'm gay
I really appreciate it man.
They just trapping some more retard 🌈🐻
For the he love of God take some profits man.
[https://i.ibb.co/Bq9WHjn/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/Bq9WHjn/image.png)

Largest C shares print ever (3rd largest notional val) just came in

3,300,000 | $41.50 | $136,950,000
Translation: everyone is laughing at gay bears all the way to the bank
Even if you YOLO and win, your attitude about money is going to bankrupt you anyways, just a matter of time.
What I meant :p
A pump today was expected by me tbh. But if it pumps literally all day, I will admit (for the thousandth time) that I well and truly have zero idea what I am doing
All these bears are acting like we're going to get black swan price action from this election and the lockdowns but it's not a black swan if we already fucking know about it. Not saying we might not continue seeing the downtrend correction but March likely ain't happening again. And if it does, it won't be when you monkeys expect it.
Why? Why do you think it will go down, considering its usage has been increasing in the last 6 months?
What’s my next play?
I have no issue wearing a mask. I have issues with people like you saying that trump did a horrible job and 200,000 people died directly from his incompetence but can't tell me anything he could do to stop the spread.
uhh yea.. an election
What is the ManGrate you ask?

It is 100% made in America
Hill house. Boy manor was good too but not spooky at all
As an ass man ofc I have to pick doggy
more likely that stuff is about to go up.  this market is delusional.
Worth buying, but let it cool back down a bit
[deleted]
Yeah on viewing what just happened I’m thinking it’s a good day to just sit cash until Wednesday.
Give it a minute
Nah when the rebound comes they'll still say bers r fuk
Fuck me I bought Amazon puts and here she’s comes back to green
Bout that time for another 5% from nio
Hill house.. the multiple love stories killed the scare factor
Like an election or what?
JKS is fucking wild.
Unbelievable!
Vxx up vxx calls are down
My crayons are showing a RIP pattern
330 is the floor
Makes perfect sense
SPY and VXX moving up together.
idk when you bought, but if it was me - sell today, take profit, if there is another dip before earnings, buy back in, then sell before earnings b/c of IV crush
NIO is the new TSLA
premiums are absurd right now. Somethings about to go down
Anyone else gonna buy Uber 11/6p?
It's easily a $100B company, will be 50 by eom
Sold my TQQQ, SQQQ at 3PM
Fuck you and the chinese EV you rode in on.
[removed]
bulletproof vests
You must be a good bull and withstand the urge to convert to that satanic faith. Resist the gaze  of the bear
Ayy my man just what I needed
Amazon making me europoor
Vix is creeping up boys
I hope so, at least even out
This is the first week I haven't sold some kind of TSLA spread since lockdown.
What's your position?
A fire sale right now? Doubt it maybe Wednesday
SPY EOD 320
[deleted]
Hill house by a good margin
Just picked up a whole bunch of TDOC. Looks really attractive down here.
FSR up BIGLY
All eggs oh one basket. Always a recipe for success.
We live in a S I M U L A T I O N
I have 31 P 11/20 exp bought en for .30 now .22 FML down 800$ bought 100 contracts
It’s a trap
Mainly doggy style and missionary hbu?
Hill house
Scared Money don’t make money
Please point to me where armed groups of leftists are attacking polling places, and political candidates. I will wait.
what the fuck do I buy
[removed]
feels like a rug pull is coming
There and back again. An austist's tale.
Just cliff dove like a penny stock
HILL HOUSE VS. BLY MANOR go
[deleted]
SPY selloff by EOD?
RKT pls get that ass above 20 this week
Is it a Roth IRA?
SELL NOW, IT'S A BULL TRAP
AMD always red
PayPal puts for er
Nah just the bears that are losing money
Lol. This market. If you actually buy calls rn then you're beyond help.
I'm happy about my NIO moves but kinda sad that out of dozens of tickers I only really profit from this one lmao. I will never learn anything
I can't help but notice BA hasn't hit 137 yet. I find this... unsettling...
Wtf is up with Amazon
Who keeps buying snap.. the fuck are you on?
IV so high that even on dumps my shits still green as fuck.
[deleted]
Yep i just closed my call for a $50 profit. It’s too hard for a clear trend to develop. The volatility is wild
Big tech looking weak
See u next week nio
The one and only
Stimmy talks
sell 0.3 deltas that are over 1 sigma from open atm strike after big overnight moves is free money
Daddy data says:

“Buy more tęçh calls”
Where do I sign up
Just playing weed stocks until after election
the issue is this is an asymptomatic virus. many of the cases have no symptoms. plenty of people go out without masks because they think they are not a risk, when in reality yes, they are spreading it. you don't need to sneeze in someone's face to spread it, just talking close could be enough. 


why does it matter that wearing a mask does not prevent you from getting it? you realize that if everyone is required to wear masks that means the people who have it will be wearing them, preventing them from spreading it???
Havent heard of it in a long time hahah
AAPL drilling
Get ready for her to do something crazy maybe. Change passwords, pins, etc. ‘Ever you gotta do. Locks. Fuck it.
[removed]
[deleted]
buy some please
Amazon will be a 10k stock in 5 years
[deleted]
Apple and amazon doing some criminal things
Lol whatever. Go for it then. And trump filed chapter 11- completely different
there are some wonky volume spikes
Hey! I like men
so fucking annoying every single whole number is always turned into a resistance or support.
Fuck snap
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** NIO tendies!!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmoryz
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmoryz) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Sudden-Quantity-930, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Sudden-Quantity-930
CallsOnAlcoholism
[deleted]
[removed]
I'm going to incorporate my own "blank check" company. Our ticker will be JIZZ if you guys want in on the ground floor let me know.
wow 11/4 spy puts are so expensive
It’s because their shipping costs increased by 5 billion yoy
Blowout earnings, obviously.
The explanations I've heard basically all amount to "nowhere to go now but down"
I’m saying for the past 2 weeks
Some people love to sell low and buy high, those are not perma bulls, and they hate their money.
How the fk is spy up almost 5 points. And why the fk does it go up right when I buy puts. I am so fked.
Somebody tell AMZN the Rona is roaring back...
QUICK. PERFORM TECHNICAL ANALYSIS ON TVIX
Good bet it will.  Earnings next Tuesday.
Underlying - Strike ($329) = Contract value
This guy launders.
Lol
I feel like everyone expecting spy to fall off a cliff any second
are you the real jim cramer???
When algos get turned on amazon and Apple about to tank this shit 🌈🐻
they’re gay
Amazon going under 3K and AAPL touching red
[deleted]
Thank you .
Yes, it usually takes a day.

What I'm saying is if you're waiting for warrant redemption to drop the price, it'll go up before then on the Q3 call, based on contracts and projections. After that, get out, wait for the warrant redemption, then get it again.
Remember the days where Tesla would just run all day? Now it pumps a little and just sells off
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/deLEM25 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Whenever I buy AMD calls the market tanks immediately after.  Same thing in Sept.  Have to swear them off.
We are about to have a contested election and stimulus isn’t getting passed this year, why would amazon hold?
I’m glad you agree.
NIO to the fuckin moon mate
Amzn gay bear heaven get it together Jeff for fucks sake
You’re so dumb, all you have to do is inverse yourself and you’d be a millionaire
Good ole pump n dump
amzn fucking up the vibe right now
Already in NIO massively. Originally bought 500 shares @18 but sold around 21 because i am retarded and impatient. Bought back in immediately after price target increase and have been eating tendies since.

Shit just keep smooning lol I love it 

300 shares @27.97 

Fuckload of NIO 31C 01/15/21 

Fuckload of NIO 43C 01/15/21
You're autistic if tanking for you is -1%
Price of options too high imo
Someone tell me why the fuck snap is still at the 40$ price point?
The IV (on everything) right now is sooooo high 😂😂😂
Even Kodak is up you know this shit is fake lmao
🧐
Theta gang can’t lose with them high premiums
Here goes.  TECL + SPX puts + weed calls

That's my election plan...
buy high, sell low
11/20 345
Guh Bezos
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Right wtf...
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**PRPL**|**$40**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$0.67**|**$28.41**|**473**|**0**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckh0oji82ef3w07512crvbuj1) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/atrueretard/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Apple and amazon are actually worse then oil rn
The rumor today is that you like men.
I love my NIO.
Lol I put in an order for AMZN puts like 20 mins ago. Then looked away because shitty phone call, then I just checked and my order never went through and AMZN tanked. 

Yeah I’m not jumping in now. Stupid phone call.
Google Fdscanner
I think there will be a self off at some point because the stock is getting too high but the stock is strong, wait carefully
Will it hit $35 by Friday nio well I hope it does my whole portfolio is in that call may that old fuck kid touching sleepy retard win the election
HERE WE GO HERE COMES THE DÜMP
LET MY HOMOS FEAST 

🌈🐻✊🚀🚀🚀🚀
34
How are people still shocked we are going down, you should be shocked we are green
(\*)
Right. Masks prevent you from spreading it, they aren't designed to prevent you from getting it.

If you don't have covid wearing a mask isn't doing anything unless someone is actively yelling or sneezing in your face.

So again, you have no answer as to what trump could do to stop the spread. People like you spread bullshit that if trump wasn't president we wouldn't have so many cases. Lol ok right.
Because they did so well on their earnings
NIO has set records of high volume trade and double the amount of cars delivered. The next earnings report should be interesting
Fuck didn’t notice NIO almost hit 35
yeah i switched to inverse etf for the week/puts on smaller price per share stocks like NIO or ford or twit
That’s why I’m long.
I know and I can’t tell but I’m feeling it’s the index’s.
MM had their fun, bleed time
Nasdaq you ok hun?
AMD has a long way down
this is the way
Just deposited more money for this after election pump/dump. Am I autistic? Probably, is there a fire sale on right now? Most likely. Do I know what I am doing? Absolutely not. 1000 dollar plays for after the election?
Inspiring
Same on my 11/6, sold and rolled out a straddle further out @34
Positions?
Down so much on this. Bag holding my calls waiting for it to find some fuel
Maybe shoulda waited a day or 2 to buy nio..
The market is behaving like a final boss that is morphing into it's phase 3 form...
dip? its up 10% today
you're insane if you hold calls past 10:30
Sliding up with spy too
It’s over for bear 🐻➡️🗑
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
SPY Puts looks juciy
Spitting the real facts right here.
It’s hilarious
Does anyone think AMZN going down because market pricing in dems trying to dissect it?
Ye better
Cant take what you say seriously with that pink tag you have there
$2.94
Why is AMZN tanking??? They literally have an monopoly... the only competition is the US government
I want to be like you when I grow up.
Well hey, I’m talkin’ long term type Boomer stuff - as far as gambling, fuckin’ YOLO away dawg!!
>>>>>>Missing out so hard that now you have to predict the EV meme bubble
What cheap puts are you playing? SPY premiums are insane
Kangaroo rest of the day then slow bleed into a dip EOD
🆎solutely
If you break even every month it's probably still a win.

It's the equity you gain from having the rent pay the mortgage. Those properties essentially become funds you can tap at most any time with a HELOC or refinance.

Obviously if the market blows up, you get fucked, but over a _long_ period of time property is generally a good investment.
Anybody else have the luck where if you buy any option, if it doesn’t instantly go the direction you want you are fuk?
When you *almost* figure out how the stock market works...
🤚🏼
LOL
last
When SEC reports back, HYLN will turn around and redeem. See NKLA for how fast that happened
into ?
10k on Trump becoming president
[deleted]
I'm going in on BE looks oversold and has in the past recovered well
[deleted]
The stock markets only gives a fraction of fucks about who the president is... face it, if Biden wins, there’s not going to be four years of crashing.... Mango has created the illusion that he is the sole reason the markets rally when that’s simply not true
From my past year of trading I can say with 99% confidence that the market will only move in the opposite direction of my positions. I’m thinking how much I should be charging for revealing my positions because I have lost so much money that I probably won’t finically recover for at least 5 generations
I'll buy puts when this shit hits 340 tmrw 😂
What is your strike
Beats me why today is risk on, but I love it
Rip
This big move up and VIX only down 2%

This says a lot.
AMZN puts. Another -4%, -5% day
Is it still worth getting on NIO? Thoughts on 1/15 calls?
Just follow Apple...if it doesn’t have a sustained move up, then the move on qqq is likely to be a bullshit pop. Which it has proven to be so now
yo nasdaq dafuk
I did
Wtf is amazon doing??
AMZN what the fuck??
[removed]
CRSR GANG STILL ALIVE AND WELL! 

&#x200B;

MEET US UP NEXT WEEK EARNINGS BITCH NI
What cheap puts did you load up on?
What?
RIP
you're hopeless. masks do work, and he continually pushed the narrative that they don't do anything. he tried making fun of biden for wearing masks
Ladies and gentlemen, introducing... MY CHOCOLATE STARFISH
[deleted]
im really freakin nervous
play the music they loved as a teenager
should i buy 1 ....plane ticket?
Tesla is a beast
Wait how did I miss being up 25% on my zoom calls fuck
Actually I was dumb enough to buy some spy 328c 11/2 for dirt cheap cause this sub was hellah bullish. Good bless.
rip SNE $85c 1/15
Fuckin ban him this is too much DD
Take profits. Nio cools off after every rally. You will find a better entry later.
by apple
Which date and strike?
Whys my shitty computer saying ndaq is up 3%, which one of you guys hacked me
AMZN fucking POS
How
Volume is pretty low. We about to slowly bleed all day?
Maybe, but not by Friday. Fuck!
A lot of sensitive NIO bears up in here.
Uber will spike if prop 22 passes you should wait
My semen
Mfs were shitting on me for my TSLA calls this weekend. Did not doubt my vibe for a second and took them private at 45% profit this morning. Funding secured.
buy the nio dip or youll regret it in 1 month
Monday bloody Monday
You are braindead to not think it’s borderline 50/50 right now and nobody knows shit . 

If I was to gamble I would bet on trump winning just because incumbents almost always win and the odds are in his favor
Amazon drilling is the first sign and then 🍎 starts to drill then tsla then all down
Seriously

Who waited till today to sell lmao
And here’s the contested election: 
https://news.yahoo.com/trump-begins-rally-blitz-playing-182100006.html
🐌 gang 🐌 gang 🐌 gang 🐌 gang, this premium getting us high like cocaine
[deleted]
2DTE 600$ lol
But soon airplane house be full
🙋‍♂️
Lol. Cant believe republicans still fall for that bogeyman. We survived 8 years of Obama without turning into Venezuela, that's not going to change if Biden wins.
yeah, right into incoming traffic
SAVE calls or am I stupid
What do we think of UVXY calls for 11/20? They're hella cheap rn
Metals up too. Something is lying to us here
Up over 200% on my 01/15 NIO.  Let it ride?
You were a businessman...doing business.
!RemindMe 2 days “lol”
Dey baught?
Wtf is happening to amzn, glad I sold
It’s only 10. Chances are we see a big selloff this afternoon
[removed]
Its just the little things. Like why cant I drag item between lists on the front page? Or why when I add something to a list it just auto-chooses and I have to manually switch it? The app just seems more intuitive which makes sense.
VIX isn’t going anywhere makes this rally feel fake
Rek
Can anyone tell me what SPY $329C expiring today is worth?  Stupid Robinhood won’t let me see pricing for today’s option chain
It's 2 because that's the dumbest fucking answer, so it's that one.
Why is amazon stock performing so shitty?
Call credit nov 18
Hope you guys loaded cheap puts and have enjoyed your 45 minutes of green, almost up.
This gave me dejavu
[deleted]
Where are the .05 cent lottos men?
dont get cocky lol
bro why tf amazon dying
got 300 dollars, what puts am i buying.
Wait, what if I... get this... took profits?
No nevermind, fuck that, I’m waiting until I’m up 5000%
Fire fauci = install "Alternative Facts Scientist" who will have good stats for us = good for markets
I’m pretty sure shutdowns are good for Uber at this point
[deleted]
VXX CREEEEPIN
[deleted]
I'm a california resident. People are too dumb. That measure will pass bc all the money uber /Lyft spent on ads with uneducated retards that drive their platforms talking about how they love being contractors, and would hate to have health insurance. Hella people I talked to were voting yes bc those ads.
I think it’s a pretty even chance. If I HAD to guess I’d say Biden will at least win popular vote but Trump might win electoral college. Either way we’re gonna see some serious civil unrest. That’s what I’m counting on. Doesn’t really matter who wins Bc they’re both shmucks and both bad for the people of the US. These elections have PUT us in a bad situation
Tech down, SPY up. This is how we manipulate
happy monay day
Desperate pumps. Let it die.
If you're not selling 0DTE SPY credit spreads you're missing out on this Vol. Finish anywhere between 320 and 337, +25% on the ole account
Sold Sony to buy Amazon, I’m fuk
🧐 started trading on your IRA account I see. What happen to RH money?
So did you roll to the 40s?
I have $20k of 11/4 324 puts bought friday eod and $4k of 0dte 330p bought this morning we are fucked
wooo gonna need one hell of a sour hour today for these spy puts to print
Baba is basically a USA put
Someone is bitter they bought the top
Are you still gonna YOLO PayPal earnings?
Well played brozzer
It’s probably retarded because IV is likely inflated due to uncertainty of results.
Low ass volume pumping SPY rn, but if a 1 mill red candle comes it only goes down .50 cents 


ok
This is the way
Aerotyne
Spy up and aapl down is the most tim cook thing ever
Nio does EV, EV good, calls good
The premiums on spy puts 😂😂🤣 fuck this shit I’m out see y’all end of day
screwdriver
I’d buy in if premiums weren’t so expensive
I mean there’s a chance
praying tendies for u
Wheres the bad news bears?
Elon Musk is my favorite African American.
Watch VIX like a shithawk right now. If we're going to dump, usually ol' VIXY-poo gives us a little heads up
Nope you better abandon ship
Going with cash for this week.
Merck
Do you think this is a good content and that you are funny? Just to be clear, so you know, this is neither.
AMZN leading the charge?
ban this fucktard
Always disappoints? It’s up like 60% YTD.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol I already lost most of it prior to this week anyways, fuck it
AAPL has drained so much from bank account it's insane.
Now yolo into Amd
Welcome to Kang Country bois.
Sold the put of my straddle at the spy dip for 200%. Bout to cash in my call for profit too 😂 upsides or downsies I'm making kang money either way
htf are my BABA calls red today?
[deleted]
id start with handtools, maybe a chisel
[deleted]
Who bought call at the top?
[removed]
I need the entire market to do what bezos doing
[deleted]
Opinion on healthcare sector with Biden Vs Trump win?
On SPY? They're half off today wym
AMC entertainment puts all day long today and tomorrow
[removed]
Jesus
Make it down 35% now.  Idk why I bother
1 day trade
I am ready to sell my SPY calls, I will take 50% profit. TYVM see you after election.
Just one if you do it in that order (buy, buy, sell).

This has every possible example you could think of [https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/pattern-day-trading/](https://robinhood.com/us/en/support/articles/pattern-day-trading/)
i hope secret service will kick him out the house
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Flatten the Curve!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmo41o
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmo41o) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ForcePlays, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
ForcePlays
TheDreamingDragon1
no u
1 get a cash account and you won’t have to worry
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
BULL TRAP!
Rug pull in 30 minutes 👍
WTF is keeping SPY afloat? Apple isn't that far up. Amazon is red. MSFT is flat. GOOG is on the downtrend.
[deleted]
2
Bi weekly.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/atrueretard don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tis the perma bull/bear way. True retardation
What do you look at ? The weekly
Yeah I sold for $775, I’m gonna buy in after the market crashes tommorow again for Sony
Buying Uber puts. More shutdowns will come
Where the bears at? Huh huh? Buying your 0dte puts when spy dropped 5% last week. Smh 🤦.
Ride Becky, ride!
imagine betting that much of your portfolio on one of the most uncertain weeks
Show your butthole if you’re getting butt raped today!
They lied to you
yo can someone do some nio dd and tell me if i should stay in my nov 20 calls that i got today? volume looks good but it’s hella volitale will it continue to go up?
1
my v calls are printing hard
My puts are chilling a bit down, this rally won't last
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
CRM shares are the way
Hips and nips, otherwise I'm not eating - fallen priest Cricket aka Matthew Maharra
[deleted]
STOP SELLING NIO
We drilling baby...
On an actual rocket to the moon with Sony
Sad lol
$40 by EOW
For every person that loses NNN, tech goes up by one point
By a bunch of retards
yup agreed. big time. both candidates can be good for it, imo
If I buy spy call then 10 mins later buy the same call again. Sell both at same time later. How many day trades. Yes I’m a idiot
[deleted]
Long wood LL GANG DOING GREAT
[deleted]
It is Hedge Funds not wanting an election hedge from retail in the market. One giant fucking scam. Reminds me of March.
both?
Yeah IV is through the roof cuz of the erection
fuk ... it's so low volume slow, it's like death in slow motion
 Up 32% ty Clorox earnings lmao
How do I groove my brain?
[deleted]
[deleted]
im really nervous
But J Pow is a dip n flip kinda guy
GIGANTIC BULL TRAP
I like how you idiots see a 30 min opening trend and think the whole week is going to go that direction.
I may short NIO later this week it's a little too strong.
Is AMZN taking a dump because they're pricing in a Biden win and his tax plan? What gives?
I didn’t want that money anyway
You’re dumb If you think hes gonna lose lol wtf he’s winning by like 4% already.
Recession cancelled

***US ISM Manufacturing PMI (Oct) 59.3 vs. Exp. 55.8 (Prev. 55.4)***

***US ISM Manuf Employment Idx (Oct) 53.2 (Prev. 49.6)***
Holy fuck puts for Wednesday are expensive
I was told Monday would be very red
Made a few positive day trades on that pump :)
Amzn will always be a disappointment. It doesn't move up with tech or SPY, but definitely dumps when they dump.
lost 50% of my profile today, only 50 to go
BUY THE NIO DIP
[deleted]
[removed]
Either cash gang or calls
Spy up, bonds up, vix up, tent pitched in my pants
and why would market care? also, he leaves in january
Boomer value stonks with the retard energy
[deleted]
This has gotta be the most epic bull trap ever!
No, I don’t think I will 👨🏼‍🦳    Also ban for smol pp gains
The nio dip is here, yall whiners better get in
They did, correct
That bull run was mostly due to Softbank pumping the tech sector
Ummm Corsair, can you please flip a U and stop doing what you’re doing
😊🙌
Plenty of time to rebound dawg. Hold that shit
Dips have nearly -40% volume, this is crazy
ah, bagholder in waiting, veryy nicee
I held back :)
do that long enough and you'll find yourself posting in r/investing
AMC earnings seeeeemmmssss Like easy money

11/6 2.5c
I want to know too. Like what in the ever loving fuck?
Buy calls or puts I’m so confused 😟
Covering all the shorts
spy 350
BABA calls!
The only thing keeping me from financial ruin is the sheer meme power of amc
I saw some retards posting  a couple of spy calls for Monday expiration or Wednesday. We’ll see how they do.
You’re the man
Buy this NIO dip, then dump before 10:30 lol
they are cheap and looks like a convincing bull trap
[removed]
PayPal puts
And here on our right we see the top of a very steep cliff. Ride the trend fellas, being perm anything is stupid.
and r/pennystocks. if you look at some profiles of the ppl here, you will actually notice a fair amount being in there as well...
Who bought my 36 NIO calls? Good luck to u! 👍
theta gang selling them sweet premiums
Come on GME go retarded, let’s go up 20%
I look away for 2 second and we back to tucking u see 34 kill me
I'd definitely fuck her
I’m just not gonna look until I get that RH notification telling me SPY is down 10%
lol
Wonder how many accounts are being blown up today...
I'd be stunned if Biden lost this somehow. I don't want to argue politics though... I think market pulls back if Biden wins. Just skepticism related to how a new admin will handle things.
Signs I’m a retarded autist : “Hmmm, NIO only at +10%, may be time to jump in !”
[deleted]
Sold my spy calls at a loss on Friday . I should’ve waited. WOW
Only 700 but its my first ever call so I’m happy with the baby tendies 😅
LETS GOOOO GME
Dont mind me Im just adding more puts for the usual "OMG WTF is happening?!?!" Moments that start in the afternoon
jfc, I regret not buying more CAT calls
Go go go
Dead cat bounce, but don’t tell them they about to get screwed! 10 year bull market might come down like a house of cards, might take some month so patience is your friend!
Not if you’re going long
Will NIO go back up :’(
🥭
Fuck is wrong with Amzn the last few weeks
[deleted]
There were race riots in every city all summer during that bull run. Unless the election is so close it takes weeks or months to call it won’t affect the market much at all.
[removed]
Money is hungry, just not for Apples
[deleted]
Yeah and there are some LVGOs shareholders getting out today hence the downward pressure
Amzn back to 2000$
Told you.
Bear market confirmed 

https://youtu.be/dnwXBLvNmzM
why the fuck did I listen to you people
WHY R WE DUCJING GREEN
Bears are you ok???
Any news on AMZN or just some big player dumping?
been in RGR since ER good stock much potential still
Are we going for reverse circuit breakers today 👀
This is gonna be a crazy week. Time to make all the wrong plays
“My wife still doesn’t believe in me”
Okay buy how to get student loans discharged without breaking the law? Can you do private legally? I know fed ones are impossible
Nov 2024
Play QCOM or PYPL earnings?
yeah but we have a shitshow now..lol
Looks like AMZN went bankrupt, all in pUtZ!
[deleted]
Yeah, he must work out
[deleted]
[deleted]
When the index becomes a meme. Good times
If you’ve got a paper bag handy sure
Brave.
yes you did
Wow this bull trap is STRONG
Yeah wtf was that lol
That is not true...I don't know where you guys are getting historical data from
Some great manufacturing PMI/ISM numbers today. The demise of the economy has been greatly exaggerated.
[deleted]
need my amd calls to come back before 1/15/20
I’ll admit it, I was a dumb greedy pig buying more puts Friday instead of just taking my gains
Days like today and Friday prove that holding long term is truly the best strategy but in the long term we’re all dead anyway so... calls?
on wsbsynth the speaker says GAMES TOP rather than GAMESTOP, I'd take that as a sign.
Buying SH calls instead of SPY puts bc I’m broke
[deleted]
Something is telling me to buy puts....
🤡 
How far out?
Dont worry classic drilling now lol see that drop
VIX flat, calls ded.
Rug pull in 3 2 1
If your positions aren’t green this morning, you ain’t black.
Is this when the bleed starts?
Massive Green Dildo on SPY
Fuck you amzn I didn't like money anyways
Lol
Apple always disappoints yea?
Did I just watch spy jump 75 cents at one time
Why
Up 5% on nio puts (I call them nips)
ISM manufacturing PMI forecast beat causing the big jump, fyi
Really appreciate this. Just opened my first straddle 15 mins ago. SPY went up $1 but it’s weird be used my call is still worth less than my put. I’ll see how they’re looking later though. I’m sure I’ll get the hang of it too
Amzn just died
[deleted]
Get ready guys the drill team are ready
What the hell was that random jump
wait till January and say this again
who gonna win?  Trump or Biden
rip whoever bought puts at open
Cathy Ark bought a bunch last week
Great bull trap. Picked up cheap puts
Anyone who just bought TSLA calls. RIP IV crush
SPAQ / FSR gonna hit 12 today
Clorox CEO looks fuckable
The dump is coming momentarily guys. Be careful
Off of those ridiculous bronco preorders. This stock has outpaced TSLA on the weekly monthly and 6 month charts. With a fat dividend too. Probably the best current boomer stock to have.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS BULLSHIT?
You mean after a 2.2 trillion dollar stimulus package was passed in late march? Or when the fed started buying bonds and MBS at an insane speed?
Manufacturing PMI/ISM big beat
Let’s see tomorrow
SPYCONNEEEEEEEEECT
I'm learning to close my positions as early as possible by setting target prices instead of waiting for the market to give me something. Stress levels are waaaaay down and I don't feel FOMO as bad as before.
I guess they bought my LVGO?
Like 2am Nov 4th EST
Guess not
What in tarnation
Its reported by NBC and CNN. The articles so mentioned they were put up during those protests as well.
Not even close to true? Bush v Gore.

>Over that timeframe, there were recounts and court rulings that added to market volatility for the S&P 500, which fell by 7.8% from Election Day 2000 through year-end

[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/26/contested-election-what-went-down-in-markets-during-bush-gore-battle.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/26/contested-election-what-went-down-in-markets-during-bush-gore-battle.html)
How you feeling today
Fuck me it's gonna be a long day
Not really lol- those bitter little [REDACTED] are as mouthy as ever
[deleted]
Bers r fuk
 \*US ISM Oct Manufacturing PMI 59.3 Vs Sep 55.4
That spy jump??? What was that
Green dildo incoming
[deleted]
The election outcome is the same.... massive stimulus.
[deleted]
THATS WHAT EVERYONE SAYS AT THE LAST DIP
What is the headline today? Stock extend gains bcoz everything is fine afterall.
🤞🏻
yo how do u console someone after they experience near ego death
Next Tesla
[deleted]
Hedge Funds are stinky this morning. This is not the Fed. This is Goldman Sachs.....
Prolly right
Buy of the day TDOC..on firesale
Same same
The final yolo
It looks like folks have been hungry for a winner after weeks of losers here in the US.
Anyone in Uber ?
I still baghold a few 🤡
Fine is relative right now. Lol
Checking in
Anyone buying Lyft/Uber puts, betting on CA Prop 22 failing?
yep
my thoughts exactly
Can NIO dip after election please, I wanna get in
[deleted]
Solid
If we don’t know our president tomorrow, big market bleed coming
Sell ya mine . Getting killed over here
[deleted]
Let’s go
We don't know. Any time between the 3rd and the 10th depending on if the Republicans successfully change the ruling on mail in votes
Almost bought PUTS after i saw this. Reminder not to listen to WSB
Dear lord amazon is useless
friendly reminder NIO is doing its 3rd quarter earnings on November 17th AMC
Lumber liquidators lmao
We’re in Thursday territory on SPY
DKNG will be red in the next hour
^(thats why im secretly exiting all my positions)
But muh short squeeze!
im sad about my covered calls i sold at 27, missed out on some nice gains but oh well
[deleted]
These Nov 13 $30c looking juicy. Guess with that earnings date I won't have a choice to be a sucker and hold through. No IV for this guy, just some dipping sauce plz.
that stock is retarded
😄
you love to see it
GME trying to wake up right now
glad RKT is recovering some for the RKT guys - jfc it really has fucked them over
JD still my bae
wow bears a little quiet today
Ehh it’s mostly people panic buying ammo, but my assumption is they think it’ll turn into a walking dead type of scenario
Green Monday
Morning fuckery from amzn nice
Go big or go home 😂
[deleted]
GME gang
Everything is hitting resistance....which way market
Turns out aapl calls were .... ah who am I kidding. Fuk
Shit AMZN is gonna tank the SPY!
Ouch
Damn AMZN just dying
Where's that Super Bowl predicting octopus?

I feel like he would predict the markets as well as anyone rn.

This is nonsense
AKA puts no matter who wins
Ah okay, yeah I think anything under $20 is a great deal long term. It has a tendency to pop suddenly, wouldn’t be surprised if we’re back in the $22-$23 range mid-month
You'll be too late. I firmly believe this'll go up before Nov 12, and warrants will be redeemed after that rise, bringing the price down again.   


Warrants haven't even been called yet, they just filed the paperwork last week, SEC is gonna take  time.
Anyone else think we won't see an actual dip this week?
Honestly bulls you deserve a win. I’ll give you until 12 o’clock and then I’ll be feeding you red dildos all week long. Sound good?
Historically after every presidential election, stocks have gone up.
Bears taking another L
Don’t worry it’s gonna end 36+ today
Did you mean this monday (today)?
$200 more and I’m even give me a play
My calls are crazy rn
[deleted]
Shortly after counting.
Just keeping in line with the sub we're in 😘
Spy puts?
Remember when aapl 135 was a thing? Or rkt 30
This is awesome.
I bought puts at open 🤡
So you're a bear and you support whatever your positions are. Got it. Lolol
WTF why is cuckazon red?
What happened?
Cmon AMZN dip below 3000 so I can go all in
Protests/riots no matter which side wins.
Today at 11am
If you were here for quad witching you would know, once a concensus is reached on wsb (ie election gonna tank market) always do the inverse.

Sold puts on fang stocks myself last friday expecting a bounce monday after seeing all the gay bears celebrating.
[deleted]
🌈🐻 get ready to drill
Lol yea refuse to leave, all ya dems are the same, 🤡
Does nio have much higher to go today? I mean 12% sheesh
MAH POOOOOOOOOOOOTS
That changed very quickly haha.
GOOG 1550P 1590P 12/3, MSFT 160P 180P 12/19

-$16,390
If you're old, maybe. If you're young and can handle the risk? To the moon baby! Lets go!
DIA puts right now
Once nio dips I'm going all in.
[removed]
Sideways day so everybody gets fucked.
Puts sale. Reload.
I was able to sell 10 contracts on Friday for a 3,300% gain out of nowhere.
Holding puts from last week. Just bought more. Godspeed
First part of results start coming in tomorrow night.
Rkt dec 18 ..20c ?
Ant IPO
EXTREMELY HAPPY CYCLE NOISES
As many times as I want 🇺🇸
Lol TWTR. Keeps swinging in seconds between 40.4 and 40.8.
Imagine needing 1080p porn. Free sites hace HD porn already anyway
[deleted]
December
[https://i.redd.it/81wsxeyqaiw51.jpg](https://i.redd.it/81wsxeyqaiw51.jpg)
Remember when SQ 200 calls were a thing?
[removed]
"bUt If YoU cAN sEe herE, dA lYNes lOoK dA saMe!"
Nope started a new position when it hit 8.3
Fine last quarter off of what? Government subsidies? Lol
Lmao
[deleted]
Google it numpty
I sold 13k worth of NIO on Friday so I could buy MSFT leaps. AMA
PLTR taking daddy to valhalla
which one
Lows were set Friday. I remember in April when everyone was waiting to “re-visit” March lows. How did that work out?
FB to the moooooooon!
[deleted]
This place seems way too bullish rn
Watch The Blindside. It's a tutorial.
Ouch my VXX calls
Bad DD, gotta wait for share dilution when HYLN redeems warrants, soon.
It's already up 4.5% dude. Too late to be asking that
🤷
#We don't get fooled again!
What’s the winning play so I can see some ladies this week??????
anyone have the Earnings Whisper calendar please?
Fuck you
Somebody get this loser off my car
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   350.0|1.71|1.76|1.74|0.44|27.069%


SPY 350.0C 2020-11-18 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawfnk3&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Technically, though it isn’t an interview with either of them. They just mentioned the guy. Weird coincidence
If he's in the hospital, guarantee pay out by crushing his IV.
[deleted]
334 EOD
Anytime now
140 you mean
   **Cramer On Estee Lauder As A Mask Play, Stocks With China Exposure**   

Cramer can't stop saying GYNA today
Shit like that is for economics undergrads so they have a foundation from which to understand flaws in later classes. No one uses that shit in the real world
Thoughts on SQ? Earnings are on the 5th, they bought $5M bite c0n before the 30% run-up in Oct. But with possible lockdowns where will it go?
Looks healthy to me 😎😎
Hey man, the past is the past. You’re up $315 today. It’s a good day.
Rocket isn't going anywhere.  Just like last quarters ER.
VXX is retardedly expensive and for that reason i’m cash
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wonder if my SPY 350c 11/18 will ever print. Bought those for $5 at the top.
imagine bear smh 🤦
$SWBI & $RGR looking good this week imo. everyone calling me retarded on the meme i submitted last night are probably not wrong but also yolo
NIO, LI, XPEV all up 12+% today 🧐🧐🧐
nah, has a shit ton of resistance above it
Holding my Puts for a Biden win. They’re down bad rn man
No, does that mean it's bearish?
I prefer rogue but either way, nic is nic
[deleted]
An absolute motion picture
Buy some now ya dingus
Yes it’s a boomer stock but last time i checked boomers got money.

F  $8c EoW

Price target just updated and they did fine last quarter. Seems like a good idea
Markets crazy and your up on calls over 200%.. I would sell
Yes
[removed]
[deleted]
Indeed. An exciting future for sure for Nio, XPEV and Li...
Same. Already down 25% 🤡💩😬
You mean trump refusing to leave 🤡
I kept say face ripping green 100% today

Bears got mad

But today they got fuk 🤣😂🤣
[deleted]
these premiums are absolutely insane today its not even worth trading you are overpaying for everything
> Wsb is smart


most retarded thing i’ve ever read in this sub
Market just making sure all those puts get destroyed from last week 🤣
When do they announce the election results?
Sorry guys. I fomod’d and bought a weekly nio call
[removed]
Wait
VXX is creeping motherfuckers. be careful
Just watching all my calls get IV crushed today
Just here to hear my comment on WSBsynth .... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Movie!
You right, retard. I was wrong.
Give me a few seconds to ask my future telling genie.
I for sure agree. I just think the best reason is they think a strong Biden/Trump win is coming leading to not much disaster.
Dumb PTON sell off past couple weeks. Earnings week. $140-150 we go 🚀 🚲
Up 80% last two weeks. I miss big drops I like 6k kind of days lol
Same man
The Monday prior to #ElectionDay   is historically a day of gains... especially when compared to any given Monday's performance in the $SPX.
The other WSB is open to the public. Lol every post is 200 days old plus. Rofl
AAPL 11/6 puts, Trump wins, AAPL fucked with huawei sanctions, Biden wins, everything’s going down lolz
now was this reversal in t minus 5
Why would it be
[deleted]
Where my poor boys at?!
Donnie is going be signing charts today
Might as well put 2k into uvxy at this price and go wait in my doomsday bunker for a few weeks
I use it. That doesn't make it less garbage.
Got 11/27 and 12/18
Still not too late. They gonna beat their earnings 100%. The month to month sales has been staggering!
DKNG like a phoenix rising out the ashes! Keep running bby
I use it. What don't you like about it
Pennies in front of a steamroller pattern forming on my 1D chart.
Of course I fomod into NIO because 🤡
Correct
just sold my TSLA calls. Will probably go higher but can't give up +50% in 15 minutes
I think, Faucci will be fired after the election, so Nov 4 is more realistic
Trump victory priced in
Y
Again
But what changed since Friday to improve the sentiment by so much when everyone knows Halloween will boost COVID
All the boys who thought we going down rip
Bull or bear trap?
sell and if you want to still be exposed to NIO, buy a later date with higher strike for same initial investment
306/311p 352/357c
They don't want to print all the $SPY poots. Just some of them. So the hedge funds want you to sell the hedge back please before they dump it.
That made the market moon big last time dummy
How much broski??
If it breaks $38.50 you are mega fucked
[removed]
The Robinhood desktop website is straight up garbage. I guess no one uses it?
boomers would have a stroke if they actively traded SPY with its current volatility
Sell Apple 150c March 2021 for a big loss or just wait it out?
God youre so dumb you def belong here. I said that in reference to the Tesla sub but clearly I forgot that your autistic ass probably can't read or have the attention span of 3 words. Duh duh d....
[removed]
[deleted]
Scalped NIO and timed that peak decently. Wish I had shares too though...wow. Also bagholding a small UVXY hedge from Friday and down 14% on that
Die GE you POS
or #2 where mango says it’s fraud and incites some violence and social unrest
The efficient market hypothesis (EMH), alternatively known as the efficient market theory, is a hypothesis that states that share prices reflect all information and consistent alpha generation is impossible.
No #2
It will be close and it will be contested and it will be decided by the supreme court.
$nio about to pay for this Taco Bell Uber Eats tonight. I swear, my life a movie!
Wow loading up on TSLA shares on Friday was the play
It's funny with paper hand it's so hard to hold when some gains show up.

Gonna try to stick and wait for NVDA to get back to 530-540 before I dump these Jan calls
Wow look at AMD go!!! I’m a proud father squirting juices all over my desk
too poor
PUMP EET JAY
This is fake as hell. 

Oh, spoiler, hell is fake. Sorry.
[deleted]
> open at loss 0.31 per contract. $1.5 million down the drain from $3 million bet on Friday.

Paper hands
What the cuck carnival you fucking piece of shit stock.

How during this holy pump
Extreme bull trap
[deleted]
MMs trying to shake people out of their puts
🤡 market
You're welcome everyone. I switched to bear Friday
[removed]
[deleted]
SPY calls finally printing, what a flat start to the day
[deleted]
it is legit... too legit, too legit to quit hay hay
Yes. They have [a power train selling now](https://www.hyliion.com/hybrid-cng/) (like a retrofit) that's in a few trucks. Their bread and butter will likely be [the Hypertruck ERX](https://www.hyliion.com/erx-page/) which is being prototyped by a few fleets and has over 2 million miles logged. Volume production enters next year. Contracts and pre-orders already accepted.
If Trump wins, buy EV and green energy stocks

If Biden wins, buy defense stocks

They're both still going to be winners in the long run, but people will be dumb and panic sell lowering the price.
I wish I was more like you the last week or two
Bro my nio calls are going off as well 🔥🔥 🚀
Markets must assume rioters are unemployed bums thats why theres no effect
BABA to 350 EOW
Too late for SQ or ROKU?
Elevator up, elevator shaft down?
it seemed to have been the "crowd knowledge"
Cmon PYPL ur fucking dragging
last chance to buy discount puts before the county falls apart tomorrow
125 should be good it has run up to 125 a couple of times. The 150 is a tough one
This man bought $150 calls 😂😂😂
Is NIO a meme stonk now?
[deleted]
Sympathy play
[deleted]
[deleted]
Exact same thing I was going to say but you already got the 1600 upvotes for it!
I want to suck on her milkers
Bears, can ya’ll post your lost porn after today? Man up since you guys were talking shit the whole weekend.
i sold before close last week at 29.71 ffssssss
Wsb is smart and hedges their nio calls with nio puts.
I am long in it
🤡🤡🤡
[deleted]
This dump is gunna be so bad. Should just let it die naturally and then buy calls lmao
Same
Remember that top post that someone bought 60000 SPY 11/4/20 Puts 290 strike Friday before close.....well its gone, was sold right at open at loss 0.31 per contract. $1.5 million down the drain from $3 million bet on Friday.
College dropouts, get out!
dont worry youll be losing thousands soon and it wont even phase you lol
🚨 fake pump alert
[removed]
1987 was the black swan of the rise in algorithmic trading getting out of control that led to Black Monday. People make the comparison because it’s the only period where we had a swift drop and swift bounce like we’ve had, but it’s just completely different.
Got 4 UVXY calls for Friday, here we go, I got the popcorn ready for the show!
Premiums are fucking NUTTY today bro
Are TSLA calls finally back on the menu?
Tripling up on Zyn pouches, gotta be sharp today
I WONT SELL BEFORE 10:30 

ITS PRINCIPLE REEEEEEEEEEEE
Just bought 50 shares
Elon wtf
🤡 market
Europe Dax looks strong
Seems they think one candidate will run away with it. Certainty is best for the market.
I doubt it
too scared to make a play, just watching all my potential plays go up and then go down
🤡🤡🤡

How does it feel to lose money?
People accidentally buying SNA instead of SNAP again
Both?
SPY pumping nearly $2 in 7 minutes yea sure seems legit.
Only late if you wait till tomorrow. This is the answer for NIO every day
*if
Dam sold too early again. I do this every Monday...whatever profits are profits
I tried to warn you. My ability to lose is so strong I only can turn the market around
I had a bunch of GTC buys on Tesla just in case it dropped.

Now I’m at 160 shares but the call prices are stupid low. So I’m just sitting here with my thumb in my bum.
BULLISH
Holy shit. The market effect of the market is on Wednesday. So you're trading the election effects then.

Holy fucking shit lmao you're retarded
[removed]
Lmao damn im fucked again
at least you didn't buy ones expiring today.... i'm fucked.
Just loaded more. If you are a hedge fund and reading this. I have seen you wrong so many times. There is no way this is not going tits up. My boy Donnie knows exactly what to do if he loses.
UVXY calls or SPY puts for after election?
[removed]
wow Tsla..
Yeah make sure you tell the algos so they can fuck us. Nice
Can we get some bear losses posted today - thanks
Take profits
[removed]
I'm not sure if firing Fauci would be great for the markets
I bought at 52-50-48-45-40 i stopped After that lol... It was Just going down... I have a bad feeling about this
Bro watch 334 EOD
if you're a cop, you have to tell me!
i smell jt
looks like a clear biden victory

TSLA to the moon
0 idea why it’s green.
yah i’m in college lmao. but my dad rich so he  matched whatever i had so i feel like i’m losing gn my dads money as well(which bothers me a lot more)
Are the autists who bought HTZ puts able to close them out with HTZGO?
Puts eod 🥰
Damn I’ve actually played these past 3 weeks well
TSLA defies gravity, does elon strap rockets on the stock?
Yeah. I’m out with snap. Sticking with my new beau, NIO 😛
Trump win with a dem Congress would be juicy

No new federal taxes and big stimmy oh boy oh boy 

Spy 400 4/1
[removed]
Never thought I’d be cheering for clotox lmao
Biggest regret in my life will be not throwing more money at NIO in September.
they're putting fences around the white house and Lafayette square and boarding up businesses, this is gonna be a shit show.
When the nio bubble pops we losing half of wsb
Yup got in this mornings ng. Riding lottos
I thought NKLA was the new TSLA
fuck it bought mid november puts for election day
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
NIO   33.0|2.85|2.93|2.88|1.89|141.875%


NIO 33.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 1 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawf3ro&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Eod at this rate
And my QQQ calls are printing. I love this casino.
all it took was $400? r u poor
You had three weeks of red.
Civil war is priced in ... buy calls
XPEV is a similar one to follow, good luck guys
How long do i hold 11/6 $33c NIO
Never just buy $40 calls
Months out and wait
Come on NIO break 35
Wait another financial quarter
Lmao such an obvious bear trap, using 330 as psychological breaking point 😂
I think its time to buy puts
Hold shares.
bagholder?
where's that bear that said spy puts over the weekend are always free money? he deserves an atomic wedgie lmao
Massive dump incoming
Stonk seems to be rolling down the hill. Every ev/hydrogen stock is green today and yet hyln is closer to red then green so far.
Today doesn’t matter too much. Everything comes down to election
why not hold long?
EOW
SQ doesn’t give a monkeys about Sleepy😴 or Mango🥭

🚀🚀🚀
no way this dumps but my put down 87% or some shit so i don’t feel like selling
Fake news
[deleted]
My only regret is not buying more NIO
double tech shrek dik
Soon
leaps
Wrestling name: El Autísimo
You sold?
guhh im so disappointed in myself

already failed no nut november

too much excitement had to pull one off
betamale
I think you guys are underestimating the impact tomorrow is going to have.

FitBit earnings will hold a lot of sway with this Google deal and could go a long way in getting the buyout going. This will change the fitness wearables market forever.
Probably
I did yes :P strike 140 <3
bout tree fiddy...thousand
wondering the same.. fuck
Sumtins fucky
Is it too late to buy NIO?
about to moon even more.  SMH
35
Those rarely happen to me on Mondays its Wednesday that does it to me. But dam does it feel good watching one side of the straddle gain 500% value in hours.
Weeds stocks in prep for a Biden win was definitely the move
ya couple old timers now hang out at /r/spacedicks, but keep it on the down low
I just want to win for once! Go with call then they expire just right after get to the level I want.!
"Well, you see, what happened was...the economy - the very same economy that was filling my RH with tendies - suffered an untimely downturn, and cost me 99% of my portfolio, so...obviously I was unable to get cocaine and hookers. However, I do have this:

*reaches inside his coat and takes out an RH screencap*

"What's this?"

"Loss porn."
[deleted]
only a few 11/13 $22 calls for earnings play. Just sitting on a bunch of shares bought on the day it went public
when to sell my nov 2 options otm today?
Priced in
BULL TRAP LOL U FUCKS APPL IS $104 BY FRIDAY TIM APPLE TOLD ME
[removed]
Gun stocks will go up either way, if Trump wins BLM and other trash are gonna riot. Making everyone go out and get guns again.
Tesla literally only going up today
You beta jock 😤😉
Crude in green ..mkts to fall
[deleted]
Good time to go short or no?
I’m not sure I’d even sell premium as we might actual crash or moon. Honestly it could do anything at this  point. I have no clear indications.  I’m pretty risk adverse so cash is good with me.
just buy puts on qqq.  unless you understand how a daily reset on sqqq impacts option prices (which I don't)
End of day puts..?
Tesla and Nio mooning
Why didnt you buy 20 min ago 😂
AIII FUCK ITTT YOU BULLS DESTROYED MEE! So what's a good play on NIO?
[removed]
How is uvxy not at ath?
[removed]
Short every rise till Wednesday
EOY? You mean EOM?
[deleted]
[deleted]
my portfolios been moving up and down 3 percent over the last couple of days holy shot is my beta high. i remember when i first started i got sick to my stomach when i lost 400 dollars now i’m in much better control of emotions. trading actually does help with that control wow
y'all americans talk shit about us europoors and you fuckers have been pulling us down since your open...
We really just dumped $1 then recovered in less than 5 min 

🤡 market rn
Because of the COVID and protests panics. If Biden gets elected though, there's gonna be a "they're gonna take our guns!" panic. Which spur increased gun buying.
The big pump and dump 
Don’t fall for it
lmao he's gonna win cause in th elast week he rode a helicopter to his rally? He's the fucking president who caught some easily preventable disease that hospitalized him. STOP ROOTING FOR LOSERS.
Double down
Maybe
I’m not going back to watching SNAP wipe me out, not happening again
[deleted]
Panic sell and fomo into nio of course!
Just pay me in some sort of FX Course and we can call it even.
One day I'll sell puts at the bottom, it just won't be today.
Username checks out
[removed]
don't call it a comeback
Diamond 💎 🖐
[deleted]
everybody owes the market 10 pushups or else
I lost 8 months of my life to TRADOC
We pulling back up to 360 fool
sell
Well NIO just paid for my model-s... sorry William Li.
yes its all priced in
Im so happy with NIO, I forgive china for covid
Who else is loading on puts?
Give me a Nio call to buy
I’d love NIO to be another luckin coffee-type story somehow
[deleted]
Only autists are selling Amazon!
looks like that guy who said he would cut off his own dick if NIO didn't hit 50 by EOY will get to keep his dick
[deleted]
[deleted]
Good job
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**W**|**$252.5**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-11-13**|**$24.15**|**$256.6**|**1**|**4**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckh0ntv7oe64j07514wvc279m) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/ExpensiveBurrito/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Droppin' hard, maybe I'll pick some up now?  waiting for things to bottom out a little.
Puts and calls will make or break a person’s portfolio. If you’re new to investing I’d hold off on those unless you’re trying to go full retard and lose your life savings like the rest of us
Nobody tell him

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Im down 80% in my GME calls expiring on nov 13 what do i do
I thought Fisker was the new Tesla?
That was the day WSB collectively set a record for most screenshots in the shortest time?
Really glad I didnt decide to buy snap puts. That would have been a mistake.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is bullishit
Easy 30% off NIO
I was counting on a shorts stamped lol
I already own a good amount of NIO, but damnnn this makes me want more
Pull back was Friday lol.
Big ol green dildo
The Kung flu
Yes this
I sold NIO at 26 for a loss a few days ago. AMA
[removed]
Up down up down, imma just gonna be cash gang till all the uncertainty is reduced.
The green light flashes, the flags go up
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
VXX   25.0|2.22|2.25|2.22|-0.56|161.824%


VXX 25.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawer1x&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
Spy and qqq just keep inversing  Eachother
is the civil unrest priced it or nah
Hop in NIO boys that’s the new tesla. call me a boomer but I picked up heavy underlying shares. theta and IV can’t touch me
gme to the floor
Bought some geo and cxw for a possible trump win
Holy shit this fucking guy was right on the money
Selling weekly TSLA puts, who wants to buy?
Fuck you, bears.
good job. you bought the top
I know... But you don't have to be so meeen about it
Boeing is the fucking devil
My good dude. I am speechless. TDOC has screwed me over big time. I have shares but at this point I can't even sell covered calls to collect any premium
I'm in on 11/6 VXX 25C
lol
150 calls are a terrible play, but the 125s might be a decent call. Either way I would get rid of both of them on the next big pop. Neither will be in the money come expiration.
"Algo Score"? 

Do people really?
Thanks 🙏🏽 

And yes I agree.
Ah, thought maybe you had some theta plays in mind... tbh I have no fuckin clue what the next 48 hours will hold
Is there a new sub without all of these post-march fuckers and the perma X retards these days? this sub has seriously gone to shit over the last year.
I do
Nios 100% hitting 40 before eoy wow
Kroger gang rise?
[deleted]
STNG ready to rip
NIOs doin the dance
SPY mooning on low volume. Truly does only go up smh
idk that seems pretty volatile to me
Puts on Olive Garden. One down the street from me shut down from bat flu

DRI 180p
Is sqqq good to buy calls on if I’m looking to short?
Whenever someone says something investing-related I don’t understand I just scoff and say “have you *seen* the spread between the 10 year and the Bund?”

60% of the time it works every time
so puts went on fire sale and i aint cop?
Tupperware is red. Hell must be freezing over.
Boeing is going lower
Lmao why did you just respond to this ancient post?
If you don't think this market is rigged, you ain't black.
Poor BA can’t catch a break
I did a yolo, but with 25strike and 26strike calls for December and January. I’m up fucking 60%.
[removed]
TWTR acting straight up retarded
Dieee bears dieeee mmwwahahah
Imagine not buying nio calls
I chant do *not* buy weeklies and boom, I own weeklies again. Hate being a broke bitch right now.
Itm and sold by Thursday
Did *everyone* buy puts last week?
Lol I’m still down on my apple calls for the day nice
So then say that lol
Anyone have thoughts on TWTR ?
11/20 45c
Lol I only trade until 11, fuck I'ma lose a third of my time for
Why is nothing moving?
I cant believe someone would sit on a 10 bagger and say "you know what, I want to pay rent on my lottery winnings and watch then bleed value by 30% a week. Thats the winning  play if I ever saw one".
I have lost so much on TDOC, the merger is complete now and we’re in a fucking pandemic how is this thing not doing better
NIO the new Tesla. Peep this post 2 years time when all of WSB is rich because we bought in and didn’t sell
What do u guys think NIO’s EOD will be
Rofl playing with the stock market when you don’t even know when the election is is truly autistic
Your account didnt get blown up, it just fizzled out.
NIO next LUCKN, I don't trust anything from over there
Retard
Clearly I mean SPY is going to 450 you fucking retard
Hope I’m wrong since I’m long with aapl shares making up like 30% of my port rn. That’s just what I’ve observed.
The big pump and dump
I lost 3000€, only got 1000€ of puts left 😭
Imagine buying NIO puts
Bought the top lmao
[removed]
*whores*
[deleted]
Fuck you BA
stronger than before


gooooooo NIO

powered up for more

gooooooooo NIO
Damn. I shouldn't have sold all my NIO at 21. Shit's poppin.

Maybe buy in again?
Spy is fighting to stay up but I feel like its going to drill so fucking hard eod
StepNIO what are you doing to the bears 😂🚀🚀
iv crush incoming soon (tm)
Uhhh did I miss something on NIO?
[deleted]
Buy the dip sell the rip
TSLA back over $400.  Yeah!
Didn't even know I had NIO calls for November 6 , must have filled on friday up 200% lmao
You basically wait until 10-11 for an accurate depiction of what the market will do the rest of the day rather than get cucked at open when no one knows what will happen. In short you wait to make any significant moves until 10-11.
This is the way. Worthless expiration.
Now that you all have abandoned your puts...
Gees what a fantasy
My 2c is that gold tanks as well if there's a scary liquidation event a la mid-March... won't offer much protection vs. the dollar. It's more of a long-term hold.
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
TQQQ   118.5|10.65|12.45|12.39|2.25|122.042%


TQQQ 118.5C 2020-11-13 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawegsu&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
shut up and place your bets
[deleted]
If you scale out, any moment on Nio is a dip, cause that shit goes up
Are you looking for a boyfriend?
Where’s the “I can’t wait for NIO to hit 25 on Monday guy”? 🤡
Efficient Market Theory
WHERES THE PULL BACK?
SNAP 37.5p 11.20

This is a revenge trade.
We love TSLA
Drank way too much Saturday
[https://i.ibb.co/jyFLh2Q/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/jyFLh2Q/image.png)

Someone just dropped a milli on 11/13 TQQQ 118.5c
[deleted]
😎
Good lord HYLN 😔
Damn PYPL
The big dump is coming 
Bulls will lose everything
TSLA lol
GME stock price too low imo
Good long term buy
Is it time to load on SQQQ
[deleted]
WHATS THE PLAY ON GME? ARE WE OVER THAT YET?
Up 145% on my Nio $25C 1/15/2021 :’)
[deleted]
PRINTING FKIN 🤑🤑🤑
I was implying that you have no fucking clue what you're doing
Profit is profit
[deleted]
Theta gang having the best week of their lives
Im up 4% on nio because gay webull doesnt let me use instant settlement for options🤡 plz stop going up so i dont buy calls at the top in 3 days
how much is your account worth
Not really, but selling them is great.
Fuck yeah boy it’s a party in here
Imagine missing the run up because you insist on being 🌈🐻
Bye bye SPY. 

So happy I hedged my portfolio Friday at open.
I’ve been in a long position for over a month since it’s been drilling dipshit
Going all in on NIO puts.
SPY and Qs moving in opposite directions
Sell damn it
Buy nio now there is no dip
Drill on DRI baby
Some of you bulls are alright. Don’t show up to market tomorrow
markets aren't nice, trying to get you up to speed
Be thankful mm gave call holders a chance to sell before losing 80% of your contract value, don't be greedy sell
Dont trade until 10am?
Bears in disbelief.... How is everything green??? Lolol
Trump bet:

11/20 XLE 28 calls.

Trump win means 4 more years of profiting from killing the earth. Get your share.
All the spam from futures brokers about possibility of gap days, moving to initial margin for election week, etc. has triggered a strong urge to yolo the sad remainder of an account into vix calls.  May God have mercy on our souls
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ExpensiveBurrito don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bruh
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sold some amd 80c for next week on my 300 shares hope it ends at 79
[deleted]
Yes
If I could afford TSLA calls I’d already be rich
Can’t go any lower! I’m in.
Can the dollar fuck off
nice win this morning on NIO, I'd personally sell, good luck
PUTS ???
Either I'ma take a fat L or W no in-between.
Bears and calves playing tug of war with spy
Pfff u still got plenty of time. I would get rid of of $150s on the next run up
The what?
the 1 min candles have been fighting, general trend downwards but it's still a wild ride
whats the 10 AM rule
Boomers must be jumping into NIO right now
#elections fully priced in
Hertz down 60% lol
[deleted]
GO NIO GO
i sold NIO to buy into more NIO lmao
Hahahahaha touché
SOMEBODY ONCE TOLD ME THE WORLD IS GONNA ROLL ME
[removed]
Implied Volatility
CNBC is still going with their story of the market wants stimulus and therefore favors Biden. I guess the idea is that mega stimulus benefits would outweigh any tax increases.

I'm not so sure though. Having a real hard time figuring out how market would react to X outcome. Other than a decisive win for either side removing uncertainty. I don't think anyone *really* fucking knows how to play this one.

However I *do* know how to play a pandemic breaking records every week. And that is with puts.
I judge market conditions based on how many Beckys and Barrys are in line at the local Starbucks drive thrus in their Ugg Boot edition Audis and Porsches. Line was around the block this morning. We've only started this moon mission.
Sold at open, now cash gang till the afternoon fire sale
What’s that
Tesla moon
I know a certain Karl that would not agree with your opening statement.
PLEASE DUMP
god bless NIO
Trade these or 1 DTE all the time. It’s a bitch when it goes sideways and you lose everything on theta.
does no one here follow the 10AM rule?
In on snap puts
PTON comeback
SE go VROOOM
How may I help you sir?
Sold my NIO calls too early this morning. 

Oh well..
Sony $85c here which they just hit ayyyy
Bought 10 nio jan 2022 40cs for 10.5 this morning lets goo
Time to go back down spy
About to throw up for selling my tech calls at open. Look at SHOP and ZM and TWLO now. Apparently all those positions I had together are worth 2K more now.
ZM ZM
Riding this red dildo to victory
Diamond handing the spy 11/6 320s I bought Friday 💎
retard do you not know bout the 10Am rule
Dow now only up 225 - came down from being up 380

We’re ending flat bois
All in AMD calls. Diamond hands. Easy $$$
Holy shit pton
Weed  stocks up around 5%
I did not
Nun
Hey, that’s not very nice
Dkng, run, nclh
3+% isnt a pump?
I understand that this a probably a dead cat bounce. I understand this may not hold. Still feels good to say, fuck you bears who thought it was going to be that easy.
Jesus Xpeng. G damn girl 😎
My puts went down $200😳
tesla, nio, li
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   330.0|7.26|7.33|7.3|0.62|39.916%


SPY 330.0C 2020-11-09 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawe79n&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
What’s your strike price/position? I feel great about it long term. Picked up a bunch of shares last week
[deleted]
Shhh don't scare it!
LI to 40
I said it on Friday and saying it now. It’s three days of bull stampede. Everyone was so bearish that it had to be green. Charts don’t lie.
And when one of them inevitably guesses the right move, everyone is in awe of his genius
It’s gonna happen, do you really think boomers are gonna risk their money with a contested election?
Spy pump feels fake but fuck it. Don’t have to be faster than the bear just faster than the guy next to me. SPY 330C 11/09
TDOC is a massive piece of shit, it’s down $40 since mid last week and still bleeding
Still haven't said what he could do to prevent more cases. 

The answer is nothing. The virus is going to run its course until we either have heard immunity or a vaccine. No social distancing or mask wearing is going to prevent that. The only reason we did social distancing and lock down in the first place was to flatten the curve so hospitals are overwhelmed. We did that.
Domp it
Woo
NIO on steroids rn
[deleted]
Im not about to get theta raped
That’s what I was implying
Duh , Biden lost didn’t you hear?
Name something with more retard strength than Zoom
Everybody is scared because of election, NIO has good news and is going to be not scary investment today because lots of good news for NIO.  NIO to a crispy $35 close today.
1. Stock shows +2.2% premarket
2. Set adaptive limit at +1.5% or $169
3. Fill at 166.08
4. Nice!!!!!
5. Stock drops to 164
6. "I got in at a good price, this is a nice bag"

FML
Is SAP a buy at near March levels? Or is it’s future bleak?
Oh boy
my put went up 2 bucks 😳
Market rotating on my 🐌 gang dick
Yeah same. I was too scared to sell right before earnings
Machwab got my money locked but Tsla going to 420 by tomorrow
What's this?  Why am I in the dryer?  Spy-bro what are you doing???
Why Dow is dumping so hard. Dumperica again FfS
No
We’re in danger!
Oh well, little do they know gap ups are for selling
SPY put premiums are absurd so this might be the move
Got out of my puts Friday to buy more puts this am....
shorting PZZA, these cheese prices are 2 damn high!
This isn’t a pump my guy ._.
Bought December QQQ 190p as a hedge, just in case we crash. The white whale 100 bagger if it hits
Don’t overthink it boys.
11:30 pm? I have to be up tomorrow to do my joke of a job.
Seems like it's going to be a weird day. Very little movement for it to be the 1st 15 minutes on a Monday morning.
no way, put holders can be that dumb holding puts over the weekend they must have sold at least half
Seriously on the NIO pattern though - did this exact same shit on the last explosion, just moved up gradually throughout the day
Buying when premiums are high is a good strategy to you? 🤔
NIO has to be nearing the ceiling at this point
PTON, because Becky
Dream on, ghey bear.
Why the fuck are these premiums on SPY options so fucking high ???
Dumb. That was iPhone 12 week.
Can't really take advice from someone whose up cause we're playing different games at this point
Vxx 60 calls? DAMN you're betting on another total shutdown aren't you?
Good stonk to sell puts on with high iv today? Bout 4-5g in collateral to work with, whatcha think boys?

Edit: lookin like this might fade, maybe I’ll just sit on my hands and enjoy my day.
CLX 220 eod? Or am I being too bullish lmao
Starting to see “fake pump” comments. Always a good bullish signal.

Need to see some “fuck this rigged market” comments before I feel safe though.
Why the fuck did I sell nio last week.
I'm thinking the same thing. I missed the top right before earnings. I would hate to sell them and have it run away on me after the election, though.
They are doing the opposite of the European session
DIAMOND HANDS ON NIO BABYYY
STONKCONNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE3EEEEEEEEEEECT
Spy IV too high deadass
Quick tell me your plays so i can inverse literally whatever the fuck you’re doing
Please shut the fuck up.
You are about to be right or wrong!
I don't trust it. Just took profits and closed on all my positions.
I miss looking at spy in March 2020
[deleted]
DKNG starting out green, not much hope she'll hold.
[deleted]
nice tsla doing things
wow if you bought TSLA calls EOD friday you’d be rich
$UPWK is going to crush earnings today
that's funny, because I meant it as a bad joke. 

I wouldn't touch SPCE with a ten foot dick, personally
it definitely doesn’t wanna go up


it definitely doesn’t wanna go down
Dam bro he coulda made 10-15Gs already hasn’t even been a week, he fed u why don’t u feed him
I agree and I'm definitely holding shares I bought at IPO for the long run. Just impatient is all
What a pump hahaha
Ok, just did. next step, captain?
I thought mine would moon, surprised there isn’t much action because there are a few stories on this.
You guys playing any earnings this week?
This is by far the best day to be playing options. Premiums high as fuck everywhere. Imagine being cash gang right now and missing out on all this fun.
💎 🖐 🤚 these SPY 331 calls I sold expiring today
NIO RIPPING!!!
You think we need a total shutdown to continue bleeding an economy. We will see a slight rebound of activity but nothing like before, world is changing in front  of you and people think it’ll just go back to normal. Not happening my guy. Especially with what Europe is showing us with the second wave.
That rotation into tech was fast damn.
lol try it
Does it matter?
Does anyone else say it like golf put instead of shot put?
So i guess the circuit breakers are happening at close😠
I feel like you're the space man behind me.
So many fades already
Ooof. Another low volume pump
All I have is CGC calls, holy fuck I’m hard
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg, thank you Jesus
Just yolod entire account nov4th 331 puts. Goodspeed retard!
Got my NIO 1/20/23 $45c
Leap wti future call options looking tasty af. Market will have to adjust output at some point,  simultaniously demand will increase slowly with covid getting under control. Mmmmm supply and demand. However, dont panic if price plummets short term, its very likely.
Nah just bears lmfao
**GOOD!**

**PICK UP THE PHONE AND START DIALING!**
Nah just loading up on stocks for some wheels, but damn you can ride waves early
You belong here
This gap up is pretty weak. Looks like the buyers are getting exhausted and we about to go red.
🥈🏄🏻‍♂️
indeed, like a true degenerate
That good or bad?
Its not really fomoing into NIO if you expect it to hit 50 by EOY
Drills running perfectly. Just gotta lube them up every few hours like any bull’s asshole
We will rise, brother. Those who laughed will choke when we have our revenge.
RSI can be a tricky indicator in the current market conditions
Selling everything today. Dont have the stomach for election and covid volatility 🤢
It’s coming...diamond hands baby
Yes, definitely take advice from someone who's down 76%
🎻🎻🎻
Dont FOMO on NIO
Dont FOMO on NIO
Dont FOMO on NIO
lmao @ tech bers
All the spreads on DKNG options are whacky
Iv crush u dead
Are vix calls free money right now?
Sell bro
lol epic
People predicting who has the higher chance of winning before the final day of voting, nothing out of the normal
Fuck man this feels goooooood
green energy stocks back on the table, I think we know what the election is going to look like
Banks are plummeting
don't worry Im loaded in SPCE as well lol
Guh
Are you telling me or you are opening one? Either way. Where do I sign up?
That's on Wednesday. Why would it sell off, after a 5% sell off week, before anything happens?
All in SLV, no matter what happens people are going to be buying Silver either way after election
ADT is still a fuckhole...
Where can I see the flow?
Diamond hands on 11/20 VXX 24 25 30 60

This shit is either gonna happen or it's not.
Dow really losing steam - only up 270 now. Lost 100 points since open
Y'all are some dickless bulls, basically just cows
No day trades so no weeklies today. Sad
Last friday blood red today blood green *makes sense*
[deleted]
If only I didn’t buy into the GME shit. My account would be so nice right now.
Will I get IV crush if I buy Uber puts expiring 11/6?
I think... puts are the move. But I’m also retarded so probably calls
Gonna be red af by eod. Every time aapl has huge green dildo in the 930-940 bracket, everything tanks after thirty minutes
TSLA pumping 🚀
Pinterest your tech safe haven, who could forget?
NIO cured cancer
WeBull has premarket options? Impossible!
lol face ripper
Snap pumping a whole 2% in 10 minutes fml
Lol no worries. I got calls, so I was kinda gloating. Hope this pump isn’t fake.
Nio gonna run?
spy 332p at open
Damn it. Fucking paper hands strikes again. My dumbass is red for the day and now all the stocks I had are green af. 🤡🤡
Trading SPY?
Bogdanoff is following my moves and countering them note for note. Fuck that guy!
Samesies
The only thing I'll probably do today is sell AAPL covered call
ALWAYS INVERSE WSB. Letsss goooo!
$SPY puts premiums still too damn high.
friday: [https://prnt.sc/vbwxhz](https://prnt.sc/vbwxhz)

today: [https://prnt.sc/vbwxpm](https://prnt.sc/vbwxpm)

w0t?
Until it isn’t and you’re down 500% on said position
Oh SQ you make me hard!
I have 11400 shares of SPCE, one day I will be richer than you all combined..
Imo if you are gonna sell, sell today but not rn. At least wait a bit and see the trend...
Algos infiltrated wsb and convinced everyone to buy calls
pennies something something steamroller
Seriously, how are we up today?
No I sell spreads and then flip them the next day, I am always using basically all my cash at any given time
Did you all know that I have a 1/21 150c for apple? It hurts.... it hurts so bad... haha
Solar+clean energy up nicely the day before election... 🤔
What the fuck? TSM is up 2% but my TSM calls have a day change of 5%??
everyone cucked
Yeah man you got me. I didn’t get your super funny joke. Good one.
Even if they pulled out already, you won’t know until 2/15
Too hungry...
He bought? 

Fire up the drill. 

Yasss.
[deleted]
Too late, already doubled my Apple puts
If it's a bear trap I'm going down with the ship fuck it
STNG just ripping through resistances, earnings on Thursday
GOOD bot
I'm down about 90% on my ACB holdings
Not unless you have a cash account AFAIK.
Its called short covering not propping up. Did you not see the big drop last week. Markets dont go in straight lines
https://www.heraldchronicle.com/news/business/fitbit-receives-army-award-to-help-accelerate-its-covid-19-wearable-detection-technology/article_8ad3af8c-12cc-5f21-99f3-a96bf4a93c58.html
what the fuck this kangaroo market, my fucking puts
Finally made the jump from RH to Webull. Holy fuck playing pre market is fun.
[deleted]
my call randomly went up but fitbit didn’t
Damn weed stonks are ripping
been a while? 

weapons grade autism is marketed here daily
Yesssss wish I had more to spend 😂
Time for puts
You know you can sell naked 😏.

And... **IT’S FREE MONEY** 🤑
Just picked up some $335 and $340c and $325 and $320p. See how this goes.
I really hope that was a typo
r/whoooosh
SPY is gay. I bet it has no friends.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I’m the ultimate contrarian.  Short with everything you have and make dough today.
Oh dear, here we go again. The murican fade away
what gave it away? the tiny -45% volume red candles?
The US will not shut down a second time and destroy the economy. If Europeans are trying to gains, their money will flock to the US markets.
Not quite to $42 though.
hey dummy, volatility up means red AND green days to follow. sorry you're fucking retarded and haven't learned anything in the past 12 months...
Did I fomo into NIO?.... yes I did..
Link me info on this and I’m in bigly
fmlllll
Maybe we should have sold at close 🤔
Donk Kong finally paying off?
das sad
I'm sure people are making more but this was my first option purchase ever back in Feb. I've been selling slowly locking in gains. I originally had 10 options.

Nio calls https://imgur.com/gallery/ChH0lto
Fuck this from now on I’m literally buying every single dip
Uvxy being red is literally free money for elections, can't go tits up
[deleted]
spy / qqq trying to push in diff directions.
[deleted]
Hope you all got in on PLTR. Last chance
450c has like 1000 different break even prices so nobody could possibly know what the fuck you’re babbling about.
[deleted]
DKNG have big boner at the moment
Someone bought a call...
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/shravanvijay the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Big Volume so fart today
Ah gotcha. Did not realize that.
I've been buying shares. Its a good company that will be utilized more and more once the broke millenials start making money and buying houses. Could take a couple years but i just don't see it getting much lower than IPO price
If u sell before close tomorrow you won't get your nuts crushed in an IV Vise grip
 **Cramer On CNBC: 'I'm Looking For Anything With China \[Exposure\], Honeywell's Got Good China \[Exposure\]'**
SDGR up modestly
[removed]
[removed]
i cant look, are they really high???
Blud red Wednesday?
EA looks like its gonna dump
Thank you kind sir
I noticed the premium I receive when I sell puts is considered “brokerage cash” must this settle before I can use it even in RH?
330 bear trap so obviously teasing
why invest in fast mortages when you can invest in literal rockets headed to SPCE!?!?!
It won't dump until tomorrow. It's going to be propped up today. Can't have a big-red dildo day the day before the election, BRRRRRRR
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPY   350.0|0.2|0.21|0.21|0.07|38.066%


SPY 350.0C 2020-11-4 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawdl46&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
lmao my puts didnt lose value because these premiums are insane today.

not even worth buying anything
Saame
Reluctantly crouched at the starting line Engines pumping and thumping in time
Easy get 100k
I know what I’m talking about, the volume was too high and vix was high so prices were high. As you can see even with a 1% rise. 3dte are only up 30%. Normally that would easily be 50%.
What will Nio end the week at?

Think we might see a pull back?
Sooo glad I went cash. Bought a Lexus with my meme money calls on my insurance rates
NIO not giving up those gains without a fight.
I have puts but dont worry its already back up lol
Bear trap
Hmm i sold for kind of too cheap, I blame robinhood for being so slow at open. I’m not sure if it was the right call though, I guess time will tell.. it’s already higher now then for what I ended up selling, but we’ll see what happens today
I am up +$100.000,00.. Oh shoot thats Tesla..
Wrong sub
Kodak .. I have some April 21 calls.. they’re up 84%, while the stock is slightly down.. crazy high IV
SPY 300p 11/4

SPY 350c 11/4


The election straddle
Wowwww options are (understandably) expensive today
shower thoughts
you are fucked buddy.
Hey! EVERYBODY! One of the half dozen predictions I've made in the past couple days has come true. That's like a .166 batting average which is AWESOME for an American league pitcher batting in the National League. So all of you can SUCK. MY. BALLS.
Looks like I buy puts at close and calls at open huh. 

If I had any money left
Buying a pit for this week is pretty retarded cuz of premiums, right?
why is UBER up? what a retarded market.
My dumbass bought November 2nd puts instead of November 4th on spy. Why did I do this🤦‍♂️
Apparently the Europoors can’t be trusted to do their one fucking job
Anyone in on $XPEV, another Chinese electric car company vehicle deliveries up 230% over last year and its valuation is like 3x less than NIO
Fitbit received army award to help accelerate its covid wearable detection technology. Current studies have it being able to predict covid before symptoms 50% of the time with 70% accuracy...  Think it will meme?
Cash Gang if you want to offset election.
I DONT HAVE MONEY
[deleted]
XPEV I 👀 you
Godspeed retardo
Wow what the fuck
Apple could start to run up again. Or not idk
Small green / flat day. Same with tomorrow.
It’s also trivial amounts of money, don’t waste your time
this Nio pattern looks familiar - like when it shot up 15% or whatever last time
Any HUYA gang members in here? Thoughts on what we’ve been seeing these past weeks?
AWS stands for Amazon Web Services.

So uhh, I don’t know.
Please stop trading if you call a -0.18% movement dRiLlInG 😒😒😒😒
This bitch wanna dump so bad
[deleted]
IV is like 200% lmao
Teeter-totter.
Taking things literally like a true autist. GOING TO 450c DOES NOT COMPUTE
Fuck I sold too early. 🥺🥺
my TSN, LHX, and VRTX plays are doing well...but TDOC falling is little surprising. 

I guess it has to do with TDOC investors selling to raise cash to put into other stonks.
Everything begins somewhere. Don't be dumb.
very happy i didn't load up on puts now
by not taking out a loan to invest.

Dont finance a trade
Day trades that happen when you're above cap don't count.  You're only capped on day trades below the cap.
I hope this isn’t a serious question
I know I’ll get the classic “wrong sub” but is anyone buying into GLDM to offset the uncertainty of the election?
Wait what! AMD is red in this big green day😱is this even legal
Holy shit $DKNG is actually green for once
Enjoy that Theta rape
60% IV on spy puts holy
Imagine not buying puts at market open today
AMD still sucks giant cock I see.
Yes, thank you for repeating what I said.
last friday blood red, today blood green makes sense
Good morning to everyone except for NIO shareholders
u/dreamsushi

https://i.imgur.com/SRBcFds.jpg
Still up 1022% on my April calls. Gotta risk it for biscuit. Until cohen AND burry pull out 100% then it's a red flag for me.
[deleted]
right? holy shit it's up and down, usually SPY pumps in the morning
netflix should stream a live candlestick chart
[removed]
So you’re up?
Yes saw that.  I find it odd that Li Auto is still selling more cars than Xpeng though.  Feels like Xpeng with the entry priced cars and multiple models should be outselling Li Auto with their one luxury model (not even pure EV, uses a small ICE motor to recharge the tiny battery).  All else aside, Chinese EV market is just killing it.
Like INSANE, I’m out for the moment, really easy to get burned with these prices
[deleted]
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** 😏

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmo8ce
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmo8ce) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Spongebro, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
JawsTheProducer
CallsOnAlcoholism
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
If people have balls to short spy at 321 they have balls to long spy at 329
Seriously
pretty crazy that trust in the dollar so bad that people wanna put their money into the markets despite massive uncertainty
rip my uvxy calls
All my puts expire today😎
They changed to this restrictions about last week. First for accounts under 100k. Now unless you have 1 mil you can't trade 0dte during this volatile period.
Robo flags dont count.  You can still see the cheese burger grease on ours
Market will go up now
He did have a few loans which he personally guaranteed.

Not knocking him.  Banks knew what they were doing.
Probally overnight into tomorrow Wednesday and then the big finally Thursday. Spy +2% today, tomorrow -3% Wednesday -4.5-5% thursday??????
I am moving on up. Etf>individual stocks>options>fd> real gambling 🤡
Yup
Why does amd always have to fucking drill why
Hope you retards bought the NIO dip
flair: fundamentals
How to invest in Microsoft AWS
Pandemic virus. Europe in lockdown. Riots all over the place. Economy fucked.

Stonks!
Yes they have been for like over a year aka since WSB hit all
Pricing in a TRUMP victory?! Or MMs squeezing bulls for easy money 🤔
VIX is still very high I wouldn’t be too confident
Wow you're retarded considering this stock will fucking fly by February with their Pfizer partnership.

Also $600 is nothing, you're fine.
Is AMD a good buy at this price?
It’s Not enough Tim Apple! I need it back at 125
Snap puts still printing. Ez money
It’s ripping to a call position? Jeez you’re dumb.
VXX calls 11/6 $30???????
It’s because I bought calls
Lol every tech stock I had went red at open. Fuck me. Bruh this was a waste of a +1% day for me.
Uber isn't playing around
Adding more Apple puts
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bout to print
Bear trap
Moi
Everyone wants in before the election 🤷‍♂️
Algo’s, not humans
everyday i hate myself a little more for the amount i have invested in RKT
FUK R BEARS
And I am back to 0 on 2800 VIXY shares bought over a month ago...

So much stress, so little reward. 

Still holding tho.
Same I must never trade them again
Lol guess we have to wait for the entire financial system to collapse before spy stays below 320 for more than 1 day. #riggedAF
Glad to see wsb is still retarded. Been a while
fuck it schrodingers portfolio, I don't lose money if I dont look at it
W... what?
Are ya winning, son?
I’m in shambles
when i said fresh...i didn't mean a meat and fish market fresh...i meant stock trading
Well fuck.
WHAT THE FUCK FIDELITY SAID NO MORE BUYING 0DTE ON MY ACCOUNT
[deleted]
Just look at these fuckin 1min spy candles jesus pick a direction
What happened to that GameStop gamma squeeze that was supposed to happen?
Just added more cheap $SPY poots.
Gotcha. The only thing that will make stocks go down is 10 nukes. Makes sense. I thought I’d be the continuous wave of unemployment and imminent second wave of a virus that causes the strangulation of the global economy.
Well my 0dte SPY puts are down 91%....OH WELL 🤪
[removed]
Yeah
lmao the amount of people who wanted the market to crash is astonishing
I sold out of 75%. Thanks for the sense talking
oh baby snap is drilling
[deleted]
GME
Who has the balls to buy SPY rn 💀
SPY ripping to 450c no cap
No thats just JAYP making your currency worthless
Went from being up $1100 to being up $96. Take profits people....
It lands where there is no volume, ofcourse banks aren't stupid.
do androids dream electric sheep
nice
This is the real civil war right here in the price action
Is there a circuit breaker when we hit +7%? /s
Thanks for the nice entry in 11/13 Puts, market. 

Got out with 45% profit on my 11/6 puts. I'm happy.
**SELLING FAR OUT 0DTEs IN HIGH IV ENVIRONMENT IS BASICALLY FREE MONEY. DON'T MISS OUT**
Not a single green fucking candle on ALibaba
11/20 and 12/18 lol
Nio is 46% of Robinhood portfolio, the rest is Tesla. So far NIO is the only one making me green even though I like and believe
In Tesla much more.
 Clorox to the 🌚
Yeah, looks like I need to login to my real account and sell some weeklies before this takes a tumble
So a couple weeks ago I did like 20 day trades, but I have 0 in the last 5 days so am I good to dip below $25k account balance?
Anyone notice options premiums are dumb overpriced.. Jesus
700 bucks for an ATM spy put expiring on fucking Friday? Yeah no thanks cash gang for me I guess
Wasn't expecting it to be this flat
Didn’t realize TLT is down 3% on the month. This sell off has been fake. Jack yourself to the tits with calls
All I know is that my gut says... maybe.
Bull Trap
Clx
Aite my puts are far less fucked than I thought, time to hold to $0
These wicks and body's of these candles are fucking insane we've gone up and down $1.50 in 2 min lol
SPY put premiums holy shit
Ok, think I’m out for the week. Sold my spy puts at the bottom Friday, bought a bunch of spy calls Friday afternoon (340c like 11/20 or so) and sold them at market open today for like 140% profit

I’ve made my money, can’t keep getting lucky on hunches in this market
Now would be a good time
Me too.....
This is going to end up flat on the day - bull trap
Don’t sell puts guys, not until Wednesday.

Though theta will eat the premiums up. Guh
This has been happening the whole year. Can’t trust anything, we’re losing touch with reality damnit.
UP! DOWN! YES! NO! STIMULUS! NO STIMULUS! GREEN! RED! NEGATIVE! POSITIVE! LEFT! RIGHT! 

WHAT IS THE MARKET GOING TO DO NEXT? NO ONE KNOWS! STEP RIGHT UP AND TEST YOUR GRIP STRENGTH SONNY!
Dua lipa
Lol Robinhood glitched and showed my account was down like 5% even though I am cash gang rn. That was very odd.
No no, just ask nice.
Sold my NIO 0.35 37c for 1.3. Today is a GREAT day
WHO IS BUYING IM SO CONFUSED?!?
One day soon I will be telling a psychiatrist where ZM touched me.
I like how plug is always up in pre market but then it drops after market open. Shits sus
getting ready to buy back into BABA lmao, Biden (maybe) + Ant + Earnings + 11/11 is too much
me
It is a good stock
[deleted]
Buying is pretty weak.
SPY IS JUST A PUMP AND DUMP
Uguuuuuu
You been holding that? We're at 271 @ open.
yo is someone winning rn?
Cheap vxx get in
[deleted]
Hug
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/rocksonmyy the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[deleted]
Yeah, I am just sitting.
Lmao.
Close RH. Open onlyfans.
I have friends who do. It’s legit but very illiquid/has a high vig so you have to be quite good to beat it
1 day before elections let’s fucking rally!! Stupid af I swear this rigging is gross
It's the day before the election bro just make some money for fucks sake
Hugs
You might have a problem if you’re gambling on the election
XPEV up more then NIO
We all fuk
The marty mcfly
Because the world isn’t going to end.
cool sources
Finally this bear crap is over
Xpev up 229% compared to last October...
I dont understand this market. Good luck to y'all
MSFT up today and I’m down on my calls. Lol classic
Holy fuck premiums are stupid high
Markets are soo overbought, they be cooking rsi wtf is this
Well said.
Agree with you, but what are you predicting? Interested!
They have caps on your bets - Intrade was better back in the day with unlimited bets. Back before the CEO stole from customer accounts and got the site shut down
Shit we are holding
Yes, I have thousands on the line.
Did you keep reading to see where actual infrastructure projects were passed and started? You couldn't keep reading past the second paragraph?

also, you're*
I’m scared
What’s the opposite of Guh? Because that
DUMP
Giant dildos of every shade!
GUH
Aloha snackbar?
LI GET INN
bought puts
Lol what does trump?
That’s how you know you should sell some
Ain’t no way. Ain’t no fucking way.
[deleted]
What the fuck is going on LOL
Sell.
sell retard
Bro. Why you gotta flex on us like that?
I'm holding on equally strong to my 320 11/2 puts
well i definitely don’t sell this put now
I honestly hope spy fuckin tanks
What? We never said we weren’t deluded morons too, we’re just saying every digital currency subreddit is where different types of dumbasses congregate. At least this subreddit is self-aware.
Bearllish
NIO $40 11/13 lets get this hyped the fuck up
This!
$200 YOLO play for the week?
Bears at market open be pumping their fists in the air screaming close the markets today already
what's your positions?
This is your last chance to buy puts
What's Biden at? I don't much about betting.
what happened with aapl?
Whenever I find Cramer agreeing with me I get scared.
It’s up because uhm..because
If you zoom out enough, stonks only go up
I had 22k of NIO calls five minutes ago.  Now they are up to 28k.  Feeling like I sell some of them but don't really want to.
Do any of you gamble on elections through predictit.org ? Is the site legit?
Do bots have nationalities?
Gripping my Spy 320p 11/11 with diamond mother fucking hands
What the fuck do Biden and Kamala know about the stock market
Lol you really get a crazy amount of hate for trying to be helpful.

I bet most of these cucks are just looking for specific positions and get mad you made them read a sentence.
Usual morning dump
[deleted]
Tim Apple with the big dick energy
Quite
I predict we end close to flat today
LU is rocketing
spy is crashing — all hail bulls
HAHA YES
Forgot BYD
ZM just realized it has a belly button and can't stop playing with it
Down 40% on my 0dte spy puts at open.
haha dang that dump though
Went into acb FD's just incase sleepy is elected. Weed gonna soar
Jesus premiums on spy are expensive as fuck right now
0dte spy straddle bought see you boys at 1pm.
OUR Amex platinum has no limit....
lol amd what the fuck
FSR at 2m vol already damn
Lol amd
I see we're back to MM's pumping the market overnight
So u wanna fight or Fuck
SPY literally flat since the beginning of August.

lol how tf is that election indicator reading this fake bullshit
If you dont wanna die as a poor fuck then buy buy buy buy!
i’d like to order one massive selloff today thanks 💯😎
If destruction be our lot we must ourselves be its author and finisher
YOU PEOPLE REALIZE THAT ALL THE PEOPLE ASKING ABOUT TIME ARE FUCKING BOTS FROM OTHER COUNTRIES RIGHT????
SEDG pumping pre-earnings
Europe was way up...
How autistic is SPY 300p 11/6s??????
So much for red monday
haha algos have no idea what to do with nio
he has his own netflix line
Even Kramer says this shit shouldn't be green
That's the computer hacker! Duhh! How do you think they cure the virus? \~spoilers\~
[deleted]
Wtf just happened?
Ooooooh!
Okay, there she blows
That is my personal best guess also.
Will sell some calls today, buy back Tuesday before close.
kram it
Spy 311 put at open for Friday lol. 200 bucks
SPY 329.50 EOD lol
Lol zoom
Blood green (as it should)
[deleted]
Lol zm
so is my dad....
[deleted]
Wow bigggest green dildooooo
I think a lot of people auto contribute on the 1st, so that might be some of it... often things that went up on the 1st for the last 2 months go up again
BLOOD GREEN
100x harder than no nut November - no trade November. Diamond hands till dec baby
Thats what i get for being a bear
PSA - today's biweekly automatic liquidity injection date aka 401(k) pump
That little fake pump before open, noice
story of your life
Ban this repetitive crap
It's literally called a tax stamp. Anyone who's bought an NFA item knows this. This is why people who don't own the things they're trying to ban should stay out of politics...
I think Google and Snap did give good guidance, Google definitely did.
Ouch
[deleted]
Looking forward to what mate? lol. EU countries are all starting to lock down without an end to the virus in sight. Brexit negotiations aren’t looking good. And huge uncertainty with US election... I think it’s more likely a correction but was wondering if there’s a catalyst I’m missing like a manufacturing/ consumer spending report or something.
Lol not even gonna look at my account today...
 🔔
Not just for the hell of it. Looking for a reaction to feed the us vs them narrative they use to keep the fan base angry. It is like a guy in a bar who gets in your face and yells at you but the second you push them away you are the one who started the fight.
ya that's interesting. idk why.
TODAY WE WILL DIE WITH *GLORY* ⚔️
Hell i needed some birdshot the other day for hunting. Nothing. 6 rows of empty shelves. All ammo for all guns were gone.
[deleted]
If you're not also in XPEV, you ain't black
[deleted]
I guess people get turn on while playing "Among Us"?
NIO FOMO is about to be real today
they're cozy like a Slanket
When does the market open gentlemen?
Start those engines retards!
[deleted]
Hmm everything so green don't know what to get into
It isnt about the Illuminati. It’s about the illumination. Two completely different things. The war shall commence! Get your guns, get your ammo, cuz they shooting everyone up on the block.
One hand on my cock, the other switching between my options and also my cock
One of us ... one of us ...
What sweet horseshit is this ...
Keep downvoting me bitches I LOVE IT
Lol stupid reasoning but sure. Look at the crowd! He must win! 🤦‍♂️
Turnip market looking very strong
LETS FUCK
Based on what???
If you have Shwab as well, look at HEAR
Google Trends
This is where the fun begins

Godspeed retards
The big players would not bet hundreds of millions on a giant decline. It’s obviously a hedge.
[deleted]
500c 11/20. I just want my money back
"didnt give strong guidance", No one is.
Jp morgan manipulation
[deleted]
Covid wrecking havoc again is... Bullish?
ok dude i guess korea is just a miracle thank you god!!!!
Bring it on. I don’t even care. It’s just money.
I could’ve sworn this post said menthol before.
how many times do you have to post this?
Everybody just waking up
95% cash right now. I think we have more downside, but I’m pretty bearish based on the economy. With the Fed in play anything can happen. I think MM will burn theta to collect that premium.
so awesome. can't wait to stop hearing about mango man and sleepy joe
slight dip, sideways then rip to $333???
333-334
maybe
FTSE green is pretty funny though, even though USA markets don't care
[deleted]
Makes too much sense. And for that reason, it won’t happen.
Hahaha that’s great
my mind works on timescales longer than minutes...
Buy high, sell low!
Its definitely gonna sell off for the first hour then go up until an hour before market closes.
I assumed it was Livongo holders selling, but nah man this drop is too far
Annnnd I sold NIO on Friday. Too late to get back?
I'm hoping my sells go through and then I'm going to reopen later today probably
This is an option pricing bot. The latest option price is:

Position|Bid|Ask|Last Price|% Change|IV
-|-|-|-|-|-
SPCE   25.0|0.03|0.04|0.03|-0.01|154.939%


SPCE 25.0C 2020-11-6 was mentioned 0 times

[Click to see where](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=aRecycleAwayAccount&subject=gawcii1&message=Show me)

^(These quotes are based on real time prices. This bot comments Mon-Fri between the hours of 6am-7pm ET.Any feedback or suggestions are welcome!)
[deleted]
Let spy is up
Lovely dump 2 min before open
May you all get your dicks wet
Job rejection letters are the best way to start the day 🤡
After today everything changes. You have become used to a system, a pattern, a dance that seems almost organic. Politics aside, the way the world is run will be changing at the beginning of next year, and I know some of you Yung Studz are only used to one way of doing things. Just sit back and watch. Just as an earthquake can change the course of the river, a paradigm shift like this may urge the tendies to flow in a different direction. But there is always money to be made if you know where to look. Stay strong, young knights.
$SPCE $25c 11/6?
man i really don’t wanna look
I live in DC. These were put up during the George Floyd protests. I'll check it out today see if they put up more, but this sounds like typical propaganda bullshit.
By the way, you wouldn’t happen to have a death certificate?
Whatever Robinhood did yesterday seems to have been worth it.
Jocko from hoe rogan?
LETS GO
I'm holding 11/30 330 Ps, and while I am bearish for the week, I don't think 325 will print.
how can you say odds are too good for trump to win?
Yes, hold til 0
Do half the people here support the President?
Lol thanks ZM for waiting just before open to tank.
I went through my email and I unsubbed all of the political BS. Feels good
Sounds like you could use an F
STONKS GO UP

Market stopped caring about Rona when jpow started printing
Cars in my estimation.
Because you went long because you weren't sure when the spike was going to happen. It happened a week ago. Sitting on a stock after it gets squirted up 100% is fucking nonsense. Sell now.
this backfired
so how does this work? in 430 something billion other worlds there will be a dead guy who disproved the 'many worlds' interpretation? But in one reality it will be you? Or, will you emerge with the winning ticket in every reality and just be conscious of one random one?

What happens if 2 or more people do it at the same time?  

How do you build the Schrodinger box, do you know?
I'm hidin' from Byedon👍
[deleted]
If its itm sell and roll out further unless its a leap
Did you forget about the election or what
If capitalism survives stonks go up. If capitalism dies stonks go down, but it ushers in a prosperous communist era. Win - win
Stock is up 11% overnight
So...1% of the time, they get it every time?
Wow u so smart
[deleted]
Hylilion is worse than Raytheon lol. Remember when Raytheon would never have a Green Day.
My peepee is tingling. Today will be a good day.
Gains gains gains
Green New Deal aka the future
Genuinely curious how many y'all not from USA, and how do you think Nov 3-4 is going to affect your portfolios?
you couldnt even read the second paragraph of your own source 

"Although there is recognition of the need to upgrade American  infrastructure from both sides of the political aisle, as of April 2020,  no major infrastructure bill has been passed"

also learn the difference between policy and actual infrastructure spending

youre such a typical trump low IQ retard
Dude I’ve lost 90% of my portfolio because of Apple
[deleted]
FIELDS OF GREEN
Both. My way OTM leaps turned deep ITM
Hit this weed a couple more time to ease the pain.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I will decide on who to vote for depending on how the market goes today
No matter what you do you’re probably wrong.. goodluck though! Let’s gamble retards
Autism
They don’t sell in US anymore
I HAVE DECIDED TO HOLD MY PUTS FOR THE DAY, I AM A BRAVE BOY
My favorite Asian phrase is when they are playing poker and go “arrrrr innnn”
HOW MANY MINUTES LEFT?
If it's on Netflix, where is the black asian bisexual transgender paraplegic protagonist midget?
one more day until trump is our president forever.
In 3 minutes, market will give wedgies to both the call and put holders.
Oh my God I'm excited! These NIO calls are the fucking best
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Getting mixed messages from Adidas Spam this morning...

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmo1gn
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmo1gn) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/Ohmymymema, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
CallsOnAlcoholism
youngscallion
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
caffine is the only reason i get up in the morning and live my life
Shit ain't going down til later this week, unless there are surprise US lockdowns.

UK lockdowns really don't matter at all
That’s more money than my net realized gains out of Robinhood
Civil war time.
Whats driving the nio pump ?
Stop copying comments
Starbucks
One of us
How do I become an only fan girl? I’m a dude.
How are TSLA 420c nov 20 not free money?
Like an empty shell until that coffee from third day Seguin touches my soul.
Open already so I can buy puts on this bullshit bounce. Won’t last green for long hurry up and fomo in puts before it’s too late
I lost $7,000 playing blackjack yesterday. Going to do a lifetime ban on all local casinos near me. I know there a lot of people here who struggle with gambling addictions. Luckily I’m in early twenties so I can re-build myself without buying $ROPE. Hard for me to imagine losing tens of thousands over weekend. Rest In Peace to all the dudes holding spy puts 😭
I guess so. Not sure, but I'm hoping for it
Let’s pump this mf so I can get some cheap puts

🌈🐻✊🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Y tho
Time to inverse the nio pumpers. 0dte.
Bears are fuk
Too poor to play TSLA? Play NIO. Too poor to play NIO? Play FSR.
JKS calls?
F
Fake and gay market confimed
Why
Do JAN 2021 PUSSY
[deleted]
man stop being a fucking karma whore
Stock or way OTM LEAPS?
1 more day until political ads are over 😍😍😍
Looking to buy a pearlception 2.0 its a vision grader. Its like 150k.
friendly reminder to not get IV burned on options plays
sell at open, wait for a dip and by longer calls.
Yeah LI finna MOON
slight selloff probably at open shit is fragile. goodluck
Honestly this is the fucking week to make money. BUY THIS FUCKING DIP!
this aged well
Or extra hour of no sleep until they open 🤡
[removed]
Either ways I’m B I G L Y fkd
I made a little more than you. I’m around $33.
Ban
guys i have short calls on NIO at $34.  Did I do it right?
🤷‍♂️
Ah this is going to age like fine wine
pp guard on,open the fucking gates.
What are you doing with your vxx calls, selling at open or gambling and waiting?
Probs smart
100% would decay overtime
Your comma and period are switched. How do I even trust this chart?
gtfo
Nio $40 incoming
Market open, right...feels like a fucking stick of dynamite
Damn they need to open up an abused and battered by AAPL hotline
[deleted]
If I can’t see my NIO puts, they can’t see me 😖
They changed the formula they used to taste way better/more addicting
Bearish thread sentiment?
[removed]
I liked the creme brule. More subtle. God it has a watermark.
Lol yea bears need to get out ASAP
yolo ban
Ze Germans Giveth and Ze Germans Taketh
To all the bears that downvoted me to oblivion earlier. Sincerely fuck you. 

Btw NIO 🚀🚀
What's up with all the NIO pumpers. Annoying
WSB isn’t the place for you bud
in whose favor?
Thanks boys good plan
that means months of missed GDP tho
They're stealing every bit of the tech and process as they can lol. It's simply the Chinese way.
[removed]
Idk sounds like a lot of hoopla to me
really dumb.
[deleted]
will you shut up, man?
[deleted]
Yup, just like Tesla last January
Racist but funny. I'm torn. While I abhor racism, I do enjoy jokes and this was a low effort, cheap joke. But it hit.
Who do you think will win?
Market opens, rush for the exit, good luck boys
It’ll tank today
[deleted]
How many times are you gonna post this?

Ban
Not really. Should have known to buy atleast SOMETHING on Friday. Smh.
Same bro I work construction and am sitting in the porta shitter every day at 8:30
!emojify
This kid ate hornets for bfast.
Take one for the team and put those ugly ducklings in your mouth
Shit it looks like it might dump at open...
[deleted]
I am 310
Alright $NIO FOMO gang. Time to light our accounts up.
I appreciate you using robinhood colors it really helps keep my autism from flaring up
Finally, an extra hour of sleep before I have to worry about SPY
[deleted]
Try EOY
Can some rich autist please buy the remainder of the float for GLBS?  It’s shipping season anyways
What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting: I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris, by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years; she's never taken another lover. I don't care, I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.
PLTR holding
What’s the NIO plays
Nice
They are ?  Premiums will be jacked
Bears rn: “My put was up 80% last week, why didn’t I sell?”

🤡🤡🤡
Apple gonna open red lmao Jesus Christ
november is gonna be so volatile!! prepare your diapers! BULLS R FUK
11/6 SPY 325 puts at open?
nothing interesting will happen until like midnight
Boy you guys who drink coffee/caffeine everyday must feel strange in the morning
Why not a spliff?
Ban
Butts up, bulls?
Someone lost their life savings on Puts! 😂😂

Should have bought Nio!! 🤣🤣😂😅
is Mexico paying for it?
[removed]
scared money dont make money
Why the downvotes?
hahahahahaha wtf dude, get help. Rare few moments I really burst from WSB comments
Got NIO calls for open and NIO puts for the dump 😎
Going to buy 2k worth of puts expiring this Friday at the open
[removed]
I'm still debating it. So hard to choose. Depends which way its going 60 seconds before open. If its up, im holding until I see even the slightest pullback and then buy the dip
[removed]
Good plan, I feel this pump may not last today
There are some salty as fuck NIO bears today
holy fuck NIO

gonna pre
Hahaha ACB !   this isn’t December 2017 ....
Why is he performing in space?
[removed]
dictatorship
Bought them at 29 around a month ago. Seriosuly undervalued, shit's gonna skyrocket soon...
All the talking heads saying everything’s good. 😑 “risk is to the upside” 🤡🤡🤡
Depends on Face , body; personality, lots of others
My dick is slowly lodging itself in my ass watching this shit go up
But no one gives a shit about England
Once again, half the tards here got tricked by a dancing bear. Smh.
Why is it Green
Apple is red
sell at open rebuy after election
[deleted]
I just need a T shape move to hit my limit at 300, the bulls can carry on after that idc
NIO has bailed me out so many times 🙏🙌
[deleted]
in the words of every retard ever " This time it's different"
I know some lefties buying to defend against butthurt armed trumpers who wont concede
My solution was to buy a similar shaped device with refillable pods. Now I have berry mint juice and it's awesome.
[deleted]
Everyone with calls selling at open we dumping anyway
Puts on sale
You boys can have your fancy trading setups, the shitter at work is where I make my best plays
Damn bro. Have fun retiring early!
R.I.P. half this sub again this week 🤣. I wonder if we could create a WSB ETF 🤔
No
The only reasons I agree with this are two reasons:

1. Couple weeks ago I tried short selling stock when it was up 16% in a day, and it kept going and going and going. I covered for a loss.

2. Not too long ago, sold all my calls at open when it was up 6% pre market. It kept going and going and going until it was like 14%.

Bonus third: it’s a Chinese company, so it’s not operating under American norms. China is going to boost the fuck out of it.
Im thinking the same thing
Debit spreads dawg
[deleted]
The white house is putting up non-scalable fences around itself for protection in advance of the election. 

Bullish or bearish?
A good read for the subject if you are interested

[https://www.yahoo.com/now/tesla-will-have-zero-sales-in-china-by-2030-analyst-203938920.html#:\~:text=Tesla%20(TSLA)%20may%20not%20have,one%20analyst's%20predictions%20pan%20out.&text=But%20it%20also%20comes%20as,half%2C%20according%20to%20the%20report](https://www.yahoo.com/now/tesla-will-have-zero-sales-in-china-by-2030-analyst-203938920.html#:~:text=Tesla%20(TSLA)%20may%20not%20have,one%20analyst's%20predictions%20pan%20out.&text=But%20it%20also%20comes%20as,half%2C%20according%20to%20the%20report).
“Bob had knee surgery 8 years ago and still uses his handicap sticker to park closer at church basketball”
r/politics
Nio tards
what are your plays today
You misspelled mint, stupid autocorrect
Minus the cigarette and I agree
Nio is the next Tesla get rich quick stock 💰
if only... the networks will be airing the un-aired balance for at least a day so they can report "yes, all of the ad time you purchased was used".
🤣🤣
You forgot Yolos
What? They still have those bro.
So, if i recall correctly, it should be 
today > green
tomorrow > red
Wednesday > GREEN
lol I like how you're the only one who's right and the only one who's getting downvoted, tells you a lot about WSB
Bro wtf
People holding out for 190 to pass, it will probably moon if so.
[deleted]
We buying puts?
socks stay on. my last gf had alien looking toes which I called her out on. Socks stayed on.
Yup. Dad had two vehicles and had to get rid of one but could keep the work truck.
[deleted]
Cash gang rn = feels good man
Buy her comfy socks or slippers
Good bot
how much you need fam
In the words of Admiral Ackbar “it’s a trap”
Peroton
Oooooooo baby
No calls but making gains on shares at least. Should've got 35c when I had the chance
Anyone else excited for election night? It’s like Super Bowl night for politics. Can’t wait to watch tomorrow night.
German dump  


 "GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS THE LIGHT AT END OF TUNNEL IS QUITE FAR AWAY "
[removed]
[removed]
Same. I didn’t sell because I thought we’d surely drill the day before, but nope, we’re not.
I'm just here for the chaos and blood in the streets
37 - 38.
Hardly anyone dies of Covid. 96% of Covid deaths had an underlying health issue. 

He's saying the left is gonna riot when their guy loses and people will die in the riots
IVE MADE 20 BUCKS WHAT SHOULD I BUY
When are you guys selling nio? I’m tempted to sell right at open
[Crystal coast oysters](http://Instagram.com/crystalcoastoysters)
All I want is JUUL mango pods to come back.. is that to hard to ask for?
Tell her to wear socks
You missed the part where she said the light at the end of the tunnel is still far away 😂
[deleted]
RIP this...RIP that we are all fucked and in this together bois
[deleted]
Let the casino open!
baby position size so you can still have fun but without stressing about fucking it all up
Yes
Puts
[deleted]
&#x200B;

i am missing one sock and it feels shit

SQ to da moon
The point is he has no idea what he’s taking about
All china needs to do is announce their own version of peloton.
If I’m a global studies major, don’t work a job through college, in 0 clubs, 0 internships, will get a job outta college?
Bullshit, that sounds like an LA definition of average.
I call mine Jerome. Gets me up like the market does in the morning
Only they start to lose their TV OEM OS deals. That’s how they milk new customers so
they can push up ad revenue.
NIO 40 EOD
All the retards with Puts < 315 can suck a dick! wErE hItTiNg MaRcH lOwS 🤡🤡🤡 only thing hitting lows are your bank accounts 🤐😅😂😂
[removed]
CCL puts
8 minutes until my puts are worthless!Lets gooooooooooo!!! 🌈 🐻 👴
Get green and sell everything, then bet everything in one position. That's the way.
Coffee, joint, cigarette. This is the way to start the day .
I left when they forgot to program for Leap year. Again.
TO THE MOON!!!
[deleted]
Why sell before Q4 retard if you're going long.
[deleted]
The interview I’m watching literally said the name Jocko as I read your username

Do with this what you will
Dump it
[deleted]
What you guys think about XPEV?
Anyone else buy puts on cruises during the mooning on Friday? My NCLH puts gonna print today
⚠️ROAD WORK AHEAD ⚠️
damp eet
like a cross between Human Centipede and circlejerk
An absolutely absurd amount.
Yeah, I meant to say protests.

And I guess we'll see if that's delusional.
[deleted]
Make her wear thigh high socks
Depends on how you average down. Ive had good success spending money on moving up my strikes or moving out my dates, but buying more contracts at the same strike and expiry is big dumb
I'm cash gang going into today. I'm thinking about just doing nothing, but on the other hand the slots open in 9 minutes. what do boys
Excellent point. This is a tough fucking choice but I need to secure profits
Make her keep socks on when u fuck
[deleted]
NIO IS COMING BACK UP
Sorry sir
your momma so fat she went to mcdonalds and ate all the hamburgers
[deleted]
I was just stating a fact from past elections - gun stocks rose sharply as soon as Obama was elected (and again for his 2nd term) and dived when Trump won because there wasn't any panic buying.

However- I would agree gun companies are probably a safe bet right now regardless of the outcome on Nov 3rd based on how divided and angry everyone is right now
Murphy's Law of Combat 73 that applies to NIO - If it is stupid but works, then it isn't stupid
German pump

 ***German Chancellor Merkel says we have positive prospects for a COVID-19 vaccine being approved in the coming months***
“Oh man forgot i had calls on XYZ!”

Bullshit.
Fitting of your flair
[deleted]
Buy Puts.
Remember "flatten the curve"?

You'll remember..."lockdown for a month" too.
Hope everyone’s mom brought their helmet and that they have fun on the play ground today
I think so, too. Seems like they're dissecting all factors in the EV market and will use their early opening strength to capitalize on it.  If they wait for the sweet spot/moment to go into EU and US, they're gonna slay even more.  TSLA won't be the only recognizable name in EV for long imo.
AAPL MOONING +17 cents already
ikr the calls too
🤡🤡🤡🤡
That's a tough one. Who the hell knows whats gonna happen in the next 24 hours
[deleted]
I'm selling calls this morning.  Having steak for dinner.
Look at the market psychology chart
Hold on. Werent Political ads banned on FB?
So many bears talking about puts over the weekend. I knew calls were the way to go

TSLA 530c Mar 2021 🚀🚀🚀
Huh, buying a collectable to scalp is like buying calls...does everything in life have an autistic options equivalent?
Boy this is so retarded it's too retarded for even this sub
dont know
Buy puts then pussy
🤡🤡🤡
I'm inversing *all* you guys and iron condoring SPY 11/6
Enjoy your retirement
*Red Wave
Gonna buy some RKT March 2021 calls... yum
That's such a massive double top on the daily amd 4 hour, lol.
ugh FSLY calls already at 80ish IV
Why? It’s gonna tank at open bro 🤣🤣
[deleted]
EU dead cat bounce after the DAX has gone down like 10% last week. Shorting a nice pop
Dump at open...
Bag holding vxx
🤡
l m a o bye 😘
That’s wild
Calls are gonna 🚀
Market is getting ready for the blue sweep 🧹 🚀
But stonks only go up I heard
[deleted]
I inversed WSB many times and came up with the conclusion that I need to reverse time
at least VIX calls are on sale
All in
[removed]
Many of us here buy only when the evidence is overwhelming
BREAKING: Tesla acquires Nio for $420.69/share!
Speak for yourself.
Go for a walk outside. srs.
No
[removed]
Bears practicing their apology in front of the mirror rn after they told off their wife’s bf on Friday.
Rip if you were holding puts from Friday 🤡
You've exercised your RKT 19.50 Put 10/30 contract.

You were debited 100 shares of RKT. 

Make me baghold once shame on me, make me baghold twice goddamn I'm a fucking idiot.
Perfectly healthy pullback. Im selling at open and buying the dip
Puts on the mango 🥭
Nio
Nio make me shoot custard on my mommy :(((((
Not so fast.
He's an idiot
I fucked your mom and I didn't cum.
Ant IPO will not lead to sell off, unless it’s Snow 2.0, but you will get a pump regardless
[deleted]
Why is everyone taking about making calls?
4.5% ...
I don’t think it’s possible for them to lose money. So they’re ahead of me
[deleted]
Nio dip at open then im dumping every penny into jan 2022 40s
You're willfully delusional so you can demonize people you don't agree with.
NIO CALLS go daddy go, go daddy go
Grenache rose
CWH, camping world, lets gooooooo!

9% up currently, $$$!!!
DKNG has bottomed out.  (I hope)
That's when you know we got some good loss porn coming
NIO make my pee pee hard
2-5k/mo even if you're average
Should've bought it when it was on sale on friday
Your wife's boyfriend said isn't participating in NNN
I made enough on calls last week but watch, once the MMS see a bunch of retail dweebs flocking for real this time, they’ll sell
THRY gunna be the next TSLA
[deleted]
Wait for Thursday
Puts might be a waste so cash could be good. I have a bunch in PSTH at the moment. Should have a floor of $20.
I want to get enough money to just make political ads year round about random people. Like "See Phyllis here? She eats grapes off the vine in the super market. Fucking bitch."
I saw somewhere else, but Tesla has very strong ties to the leaders of China, apparently more so than NIO. Even thought NIO is a chinese company, Tesla has a very strong foothold with officials.
Should I sell amazon at open? Any thoughts?
Puts on Google and Facebook
RIP to Wall Street bets that is 70% on puts. They wanted your money, they got it, show some loss porn after today please
To all smelly bears- It's goddamn bull season again. Join us or watch your puts go -99.9%
1 more day until civil war ads start
A prayer to the stock gods:

Our father, who art in NASDAQ.  
Hallowed be thy name. Thy tendies come, thy will be done. On earth as in on the moon. Give us this our daily gains and forgive us our FOMO, as we forgive those who short us. And deliver us our lambos and rocket ships. Amen
haha right
Lmao facts
NIO baby what is you doing
It will go down before Wednesday 100%. Just probably max back to 323.
🤡🤡
Sell it now and switch to NIO they just doubled their sales to a GRAND TOTAL OF 5K VEHICLES
Bout to sell off all my ETFs in my IRA and buy NIO. How dumb is that
Totally different.  The largest IPO in the history of the world is about to happen and BABA owns 33%
No one wants to see your Cheeto-dust covered moobs
$rope
Smh im realizing my puts are fucked fucked
Mr. Wonderful replacing Larry Kudlow as Econ advisor is what this country really needs.
Maybe also don’t listen to the loan officer telling you bankruptcy will ruin your life?

I know several people who have gone through multiple bankruptcies with seemingly no adverse effects. Trump has gone through it what 3 times? And he’s the fucking president.

Puts on financial institutions and loan officers.
No, I have fucking calls. Wait till it hits $1000, then put that bitch.
No you shouldn’t. Because that doesn’t take market volatility into the equation.
if not today, tomorrow
They’re making money so yeah
Greed bro. Why have spys and an expensive ass military research when your enemies will just hand you all their secrets for a couple of billion a year in labor?
This is the way
Disagree.  The policy holder may not be worth the strike price (life insurance value) at death.  Calls and Puts relate to the underlying value of an item at a specific point in time.  A person with no assets or job can buy a million dollar policy on him/herself but that doesn’t mean he/she has an underlying value of a million dollars.
do I dare play the pre-election market with no day trades left
Ok random person.
Amen brother
Donald Trump call? RIP your portfolio.
Well said. Buying puts to hedge. If they print I’ll buy beans with the profit
Mango is not tough on China.
Buy le dip they said
Italian management is shit, they outsource to the Germans or the nearest, hottest person
Yes, forget about the fact that we practically pump-and-dumped that stock at one point, and instead just put all your money into calls for that exact same stock, because it definitely won’t happen again. Great financial advice.

When we call ourselves “autists” or “retards”, we’re somewhat joking, but mainly warning you. This subreddit is every professional financial advisor’s nightmare. What actual Wall Street experts would never even consider doing in a million years is what this subreddit does every day. It really is like gambling often times, just on a way higher scale.
Seriously though when are we fomoing on nio
Yes, very expensive. 

Election is expected to cause bigly moves up and down.
Ever seen human centipede before?
What should I drink if this shit goes red again today?
Ya gotta boof it.
I’m otw
You said step are production instead of our. BAN!
Positions or ban
History repeats itself. The trading day before election is green mostly
[removed]
Yep
1 more day until political ads are over 😍😍😍
[deleted]
Big green dildo, please!
I hope all of us 10 years from now can sit back with at least 250k in stocks and sell puts while chilling and making bank.
I fucks with oysters 🦪
How much do you think these girls on onlyfans are bringing in? Are they making more than us?
Big tech barely up with this pump, yeah im not getting roped into calls
I'm biased since I'm holding puts but this shiiiid looking like it's going to be -2% at 11am

&#x200B;

once again, I'm bagholding QQQ puts
yeah idk what that means but i can infer that a lions breath is not that good shit 1:1
Facts
I declare bankruptcy
quick! someone, tell me something mean.
There Is No Alternative
[removed]
[removed]
Damn these weeklie SPY puts are mad expensive.
what the hell is a trump train and why does it remind me of porn
Is he?
[deleted]
[deleted]
A shaped recovery for bears
Just shot up some coffee feeling jittery
[deleted]
GameStop ni🅱️🅱️a's really be like "iS tOdAy The ShORt SquEeze???????"
Interesting that England was bullish on their own lockdown.
A poem for the sub today.


WSB is funny, gon lose all they money.

Hold on to your cocky, today gon be rocky.
I'm pricing in Biden getting COVID and/or states going back into lockdown and unemployment/civil unrest shooting up.
covid will be gone on nov 3 just watch
Hard hit families may miss a month or 2 of payments so their kids can have a few more gifts.
Slave labor in China is mad bullish
So uhh... where's that drop me and my puts were promised?
IV crush is a hell of a drug
**YOU SAY NIO I SAY CALLS**
--------
Lose?
Any way we can view current standings in the election so I know what to trade on?
It’s good for shares and green energy is about to moon soo
Elon was dumb for building a factory in China - he’s going to get minimal sales and they are going to loot his company for all the tech 

He was cucked
I'm probably the only one - would kinda just prefer to have normal time (even when you GAIN an hour) - I'm already used to getting up early, now there's too much extra time in the morning.
[deleted]
Bruh, that's a 4.5% drop in one day
[removed]
Are you fucking stupid
Fsly moon please
What’s a good entry point for SPY leaps? I’m thinking 320
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/lastonegotband don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Gotta say, I am just a visitor to this community and do not understand half of what you all are talking about but I stick around since you have some of the best memes on reddit
I SAY WHEN WE SELL BABA
Not until the start of the year/stimulus
Now that stupid retail WSB is going to flock to NIO, it’s time to buy puts😎
Cash gang>puts into nye?
No, you’ve just entered novembear
[deleted]
Nio borderline wants to do a SNAP type move.
Will $ROKU inevitably make you BROKU?
Not looking like a good day for bears, would've been better for them if spy opened near the premkt highs imo, as there would've been a higher chance of a morning/intraday selloff
how is among us porn even a thing
Ha.  Ha
Keep seeing predictors saying it could get into the 30’s and that’s what I’m worried about
Good explanation
Yolo into Apple puts?
my protective puts expiring today are absolutely toast. 

was up a few hundred on them on friday.
Europe going to be super red tomorrow if they got tricked into mooning today and then the US markets dump
[removed]
Imagine thinking ta is bs
I think the chineese do?
[deleted]
yes but might last till tomorrow
What makes it all that obvious? Why not another way around?
SHOP under 900 today or we riot
Bers r fuk
Guys we should rename /r/antstreetbets to /r/Europoorstreetbets 

LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Military spending is highly volatile based on this election,  no
Can we just get rid of DST?
close date nio call if u want to risk it
[deleted]
Probably going to be freaked out when the SEC tweets at him about handjobs
Must not of stopped in over the weekend.
And singles day next week lmfao buddy
[deleted]
Nio you dummy
"Pre-election rally ahead" says CNBC confidently
FLAG ON THE MOON, BET YOU EUROPOORS DON'T HAVE THAT!!!
spy put 11/6- if it were me
NIO will likely climb all day long, again.. "Chinese electric vehicle (EV) maker NIO (NYSE: NIO) delivered 5,055 vehicles in October, up 100.1% year-on-year, and marking the eighth consecutive month of year-on-year growth."  Do you think CCP is going to let TSLA capture the majority of it's EV market long term? No chance. This thing was 2$ in April.. get in
anyone thing the banks are going up?
Yeah man, for sure.

Never mind the gargantuan negative cash flow and multiple instances of imminent bankruptcy the past couple of years.

NIO is solid as a rock, only falls when the rest of the market does.

Nice.

PS - Yes I'm salty as fuck, you fucking fucks
[deleted]
Which is the reason my puts will print
A bag of weed
Accurate.
Holy premium Batman
it’s never time to buy that
I held FB through earnings and ended up bagholding. The PTSD is fucking me over
[deleted]
F
[deleted]
Don’t remember which comedian said it but life insurance is just a salesman betting that you will live a long and healthy life, and you’re betting against this guy
I like a nice 1:1
15 mins. About to shower and put some coffee on. This is gonna be good!
You son of a bitch. You’re right
It is a Chinese trick to manipulate our stock market with this deepfake DD! REEEEEEEEEE!!!
Don't worry, more tendies for the rest of us
Is it time to buy Boeing? Shits ready to pump
Let me respond by saying something like “I listened to this guy and tripled my money in 5mins”. Remind me to edit my comment tho
If we have civil war say goodbye to the market and the USD for the next 20 years anyway. Calls on canned beans.
Just waiting to see the direction we open it. Going to jump on that bandwagon
Sell it before the ANT IPO and earnings on Thursday?  Are you high?
[removed]
A lot of black swans rn
flag on the moon bitches!!!!
[deleted]
Eh. Chart doesn't look that good. Looks like an old Florida man's limp dick
You forgot the scenario where the election is contested by either party.
I have 1/15/21 $35C. Just waiting for it to print.
I really think I’m gonna hold my puts, this shit is goin down and I know it
Just imagine when Ant gets in the market, it will go straight to Pluto, whoever misses it will regret it forever.
I've done ok with it here and there.  But I've learned to go as long as possible with it.  Seems they always come under anti-trust or some scrutiny all the time but it seems to always bounce back.  Gotta hold through the BS or average down when it happens.
Not at all, they’re buds,...you’re watching television
We bouncing today and diving tomorrow, obvious set up.
[deleted]
Why you gonna mug me on the way
dead cat bounce this is
Are you even reading the comments? Bears assholes are puckered so tight the only people posting are saying to buy or how dumb bears are
The vast majority are either permabull or permabear
spy please go red,i got puts.
🤡🤡🤡
same here,i don't even wanna think about how high they'd be today
Damn Facebook still red..
Im thinking about selling BABA at open, but Chinese stocks are the only ones doing decently well right now
Hey I'm taking this class right now!
Because the new people here have introduced a new level of retardation.
I think Faber just finds Cramer exhausting sometimes.
Guilty
Guys what should I put $150 in?
Wild post history.
Fake pump?
[removed]
China stonks>>>>>AmeriKKKa stonks
Good morning retards, I hope you guys are strapped in with extra undies, because this week we are making off with tendies or making off with a Wendy’s application
Why does this pre market look so fake
Why not both
yeah i dont even smoke yet but i was just curious if it would be a good gift for someone tbh
[deleted]
qqq
shut up loser we are all experts here, we predicted red on friday and it was right which means we have 100% prediction accuracy
Cramer bullish again

**Cramer On CNBC: 'Anything That Signals "Don't Listen To The Scientists" Is Going To Be Positive For The Market,' Claims Trump Firing Fauci Might Lift Stocks**
This right here.
Those two things aren’t even correlated
I owe Jon Nazarian a handie for that NIO call imma tweet him
Can u afford shares, sell a few csp at a price you wouldnt mind owning, if you get assigned sell calls slight above your purchase price,
You really have to ask if you should go have tendies this morning??
Always inverse WSB
They’re starting early today! No stoppin before 3250!
Call Credit Spreads till after the new years boys. Theta gang has made me the most money this half of the year.
Why is wallstreetbets always wrong about the direction of the market?
What expiration you doing?
It's a theta Lion Kang!
SPY volume on friday was 130M, QQQ was 60M.  Idk options volume though RH wont tell me.
What’s ur name princess? Trying to figure out what to put on the license plate to ur new TSLA
Puts
The downward channel from spy that has been following for the last 5 trading days now has the upper level of resistance acting as support in pre market, bounced twice and got rejected. So logically, SPY is gonna be completely random because of MM and everybody is fucked

[https://prnt.sc/vbw7o0](https://prnt.sc/vbw7o0)
Not you the other guy 😄
Only on NIO
Really. Rednecks. That’s who has been destroying cities for the last 2 years. 

Pretty sure the lefty children will
1) loot in celebration of a Biden win
2) loot in protest of a Trump win.
Line goes up
I don't fuck with carts since like 2015. Flower power
Wait 30 minutes for the first pump then buy poots
People don't like buff Indians, better to develop an App.
Spy
Ooh ooh now do TSLA

(367,000)
Guh
We’ve had one recession, yes, but what about second recession?
Been holding this and loading up since it was under $5, wish I pulled a YOLO
Just the fact y’all are all 100% bearish and so confident about it means we are fucking mooning all week. You tards know literally nothing. This market knows no bounds.
Are we green because it is Monday or because Octobear is over?
INVERSE WSB INVERSE WSB INVERSE WSB
someone gave me a lions breath cart, are those ones ass?
Hmmm holding these puts I guess, unless this thing starts ripping for real
lol never average down on losses. that’s how you end up blowing an account
imagine thinking it will hold
A hedge for a black swan event probably
I've never even seen 1k let alone gamble with it lmfao
The premium you pay for that call is essentially an engagement ring and and half of your asset :/
Hopefully that’s all it will be down
The stocks specifically or the costs for generation? Offshore wind is ridiculously expensive, but some companies are still producing it. Solar is getting cheaper and cheaper and isn’t so bad. Wind in Texas can be dirt cheap.
Yes
Ostk needs a huge catalyst and ER wasn't it. Its crashing to the 40s after a bounce at 51. I will pick up shares in the 40s though
If Biden wins by a small margin trumps plan is to get his honky hillbillies all horny for a fight. Country is chaos is spy 300p
Spy or qqq puts if we open green
But all these comments are bullish...?
[deleted]
BLNK boys never lose
Depends on if you are about to lose all your $$
Fuck no. Im selling at close and jumping back in post election
I DONT HAVE TILL FRIDAY 😭
Phew, thank you for all you do.
Maybe they sold puts?
Do David Faber and Cramer hate each other? They almost never seem to get along
Likely a hedge
Apple going red as it should be.
Ehh liquidity is better on spy
Any chance we turn red today, or did I just GUH my account?
Your comment history suggests you lost over 100k lol
Everyone bearish in comments = 
100% right time to BUY and inverse this place.
Then how are you supposed to make tendies?
lmao I sold at 283 because I didn't trust it. Got lucky. THANK GOD.
Apple always ahead of the competition. Early adopter on this morning's plummet.
Why did silver just take a massive doodoo?
I live in Shanghai and I see 10x more Tesla cars than Nio in the streets.

That means there‘s a 10x potential for Nio. Buy NIO 300C leaps
Should I go to chik fil a rq before trading starts
im smoking weed at 9 in the morning
[deleted]
Skyrocketed, and plateaued. They are out of inventory, no room left for sales to go higher.
I had calls I sold friday for slight gain. Not afraid to FOMO back in tho
🤩🤩🤩 take me to the moon daddy!!!
[removed]
Everyone out here that has SPY puts saying “tech is overvalued” should grow a pair and get QQQ puts
I need a toyota century and a chauffeur.

Jpow, let 'er rip
So 0dte Spy puts at open or...?
so we holding nio through tomorrow?
are monday straddles at the open the play?
The ol  'shit where you live' strategy.
**🤣IF IT GOES RED TODAY I WILL, LITERALLY, LOL OUT LOUD🤣**
-------------------------------
Lol fuck you too SLV
[deleted]
[deleted]
Love in the Time of Corona, (2020) on Netflix!
Dow is up highest and Tech is the lowest leader....that Boomer money looking for predictablility with a Blue Wave.

 Zuck the Cuck too cool with Trump.
Same if only I placed my limit sell at 295 instead of 300 id have tendies
I said instinctual reaction, obliviously it depends..
I see NIO I see calls
Depends on company conditions and time frame.
Always inverse the sub
SPY....... last week someone bought almost $4M worth of 290p for 11/4 at $0.63 and 0.06 delta. ?????
You honestly right though
Mm maybe I can try to jump in today but they did most of the move probably
Think we could get in nio below 34 today?
Yes lol
let me write something random here edit it one week from now and type in the new thread "I CALLED IT !!111!!1 SHOULD'VE LISTENED TO ME LOSERS"
Turns out, this was a great move
No I get that the mean and standard deviation is derived from historical moves. 

But why am I calculating the mean and standard deviation off expected moves? It’s a derivative of a derivative innit? I should be comparing last week’s change against the historical weekly actual performance to determine the sigma move innit?
[deleted]
This is gonna ump, no?
What parts of financial advice is fear mongering?  I agree that some doesn't make sense but fear mongering or some giant conspiracy, come on.
Whens the AMC pump start, fellas?
This NIO play might put me up 5 figures at open. Lets goooo
Don’t. This pre market fading. Sell your calls that are up and average down on your puts.
[deleted]
This is bullish right
depends on what you think about the company you retard
I mean, so is oil and natural gas energy.
Neither - instinct is to stay far away
US stonks will crash.  NIO is chinese.  China =\= USA.
U don’t think it’s overpriced?
You do your recession the way you want, and I do my recession the way... I want.
Yes but it depends on the sector
wsb is always wrong otherwise every other thread would be about the best yachts and caviars to buy
[deleted]
Big green by End of week
[deleted]
Is this a serious question?  Why not make a bovada account?
Probably a half other online sports betting accounts will also offer lines on election.
[deleted]
Hell, I'd be happy for someone to steal my account if that means they become responsible for the debt
Sameeee
Who’s stuck fb bag holding?
That makes it even more impressive
I think FSLY is the play. 50% off ATH on lack of guidance.

Most people predict a Biden win. Biden is pro Chinah. TikTok ban will get tied up in courts until the change of administration. 

Looking like a solid entry for 2022 LEAPs.
😂😂Most of them are more retarded then us😂😂
[removed]
👉😎👉what is up girl 👉😎👉
Ok, be honest with me here. When you see a company up 65% in a month, is your instinctual reaction to hope on board or go inverse w/ puts. 

Edit: I mean instinctual jerk reaction, clearly it depends on a lot of actual things...
Until we hit an actual recession.
🥭 wins = free money for corporations = stonks go up.

 😴 wins = no 🥭 tweets after Jan = stability = stonks go up.

Idk why y'all worried, 🏳️‍🌈🐻 still gonna get fucked.
Bears r fukt. Who would've known?!
Even real jocko wasn’t that retarded
hey watch your language
Microwaves
my rule of thumb is to wait 30 minutes.  Normally the damage is done at open already so might as well wait for something to happen.

You do you though
[deleted]
It’s the happy medium
I don't understand FB. I've been screwed by it far too many times. I don't mess with it anymore.
The only time NIO drps significantly is on a general market downturn
yes, talk more about LH cramer. gimme that vega
RIP
Red by EOD
I was expecting to see a dip today, but NIO is “down 4% (gasp!)” after being up 12% (wtf?) in pre market hours.
pretty sure this put i bought will be down at least 50% at open

might as well hold

🤷‍♀️
Wake up wondering why my account has the greenest dick, thanks NIO
if you keep changing your mind from bull to bear you lose money easier. Perma Bears are dumb though makes no sense.
Too late to get in?
[deleted]
That name sounds itlalian. Italians have beautiful girls. Load up with calls.
Have kids
and rednecks have an ever present victim script running in the background that justifies their bad behavior.

See *Deliverance*
Things that make you go Hmmmmm
Imagine owning GME when Chad bought Nio
LETS GOOOO my NIO 43c 1/15/21 printing boyss
[deleted]
What’s a Tik Tok Captain Hook?
So you still think those futures gonna turn red by open? Or are you just gonna move the goalposts and say it'll be red by close or red tomorrow?
Read Bigger Leaner Stronger and follow it to a T. You will be jacked in a year to two
Well done, this is the way
[deleted]
Haha we got retards in here playing options that ask what time we open
ICLN ETF is all clean energies
hey man, don't buy them NIO puts, order some good breakfast food instead
i just like getting spit on
**🤣ROFLLMAOOOOO 🤣 IK RIGHT LOL OUT LOUD 🤣**
----------------------------------------
Naruto- sarutobi’s theme
Really old solar energy lol
Yea seriously. That machine is sick, and began counting 2 weeks ago. Pretty absurd every state doesn't have one of those
???
Uh oh apples nearly red now
earnings are 11/17 not 11/10. Get your shit together OP.

I'm holding 11/20 6c ... which I bought for $1.97 :D

as of Friday I was at +1200%
Cramer bought puts on friday eod
STRANGER DANGER
we had a few websites in Germany who offered betting on the elections. All removed it , just one is left at the moment "betway.com"
Do not give any money to anyone on this app. They are a complete stranger and you will never see it again.
Just scalp them
3k/year on your taxable income, you get the full capital loss write of on any capital gains that year
You disrespect all of us when you don’t shoot your gun in the office.
Keep ur Tik tok meme elsewhere
Najarian got it right looks like with NIO 32.5 calls expiring this Friday
Yes, they good long term but current market shitting plus stock dillision on new company buyout keeping them down in the short term
Wow.. really dude!? Dafuccc? I’m not a stranger!!! Your wife been snapping me nudies all year
You don’t know what you are ya about
That’s for income not capital loss or gains
I think that’s exactly how expected move or 1 standard deviation is calculated. It takes into account historical moves and volatility. And this is what determines the price of options.
Hmm my 330 calls might print and my 327p might print later on
Whoa, haven’t heard that guy’s name in awhile.
A lot of extra steps.
If you ain’t buying puts today you ain’t black!
Yes they ran out of call options, come back tomorrow
If premiums are cheap enough I was gonna buy leaps at open
why do twitter furus have the dumbest takes on anything politics related. Even the good free ones.
Lmfao we are gonna get dicked down so hard on open LOL
Why listen to him? Found the boomer
Going to panic sell my puts at open
WSB was pushing puts and now we’re blood green. Huh
If you are Indian, no need to bother.
Yeah this is just the pre election bump though once the winners found out puts will cash in
tim apple may be the worst person in the history of the past 10 days. he’s up there with murderers and rapists rn
what does this make fossil fuels
You can get big doing high reps and low weight too. Don’t worry so much about how much weight you’re moving. Focus on keeping your body guessing and for the love of god don’t skip leg day. Finally, you cannot outwork a shitty diet unless you’re 18 years old or younger, so don’t try. Eat bland ass chicken and rice 6 days/week.
I'm glad to share my thoughts/opinions with y'all retards!
Stop fading you fucking bitch
Good News! Drill-team 6 arrived at HQ. A coffee and a bagel and we can start the drill in 25min
If you are not buying puts, you are going to have a bad time.
330 😦
I sold my CLX calls last week for a slight gain. FML
Buying life insurance is buying a put on yourself while taking out a personal loan to get that Ferrari you always wanted instead of getting chemo is purchasing a call on margin.
I have calls and puts gonna ride this wave or drown 🌊🐬
You ever done a desk pop?
lol
Anything you want baby, you’re the Grimes to my Musk
The wind blows at night sometimes
For 155 that’s pretty good. Maybe go on a dirty bulk since we won’t be out of rona anytime soon.
cheers
Height and weight?
Fukin ded catus 🤮
[deleted]
*Laughs in Scottish:* No.
If you have a spare tire you need to cut first homie. We need that six pack and the V shape. Calories in calories out, progressive overload can be slow no worries.
I really want to buy NIO puts. Please talk me out of it.
True!
I think the persons who want to follow you would prefer a Twitter profile.  

PS: twitter profile that's pure trading / TA-wise and not politics (As you have at the moment).
They literally tried to force a campaign bus off the interstate the other day. Finish this sentence: “after supporters of President Duarte forced the bus to a halt ...”

Nothing good happens at the end of that sentence. Using multi-ton vehicles to harass people is absolutely a form of violence in and of itself. But nothing non-violent awaits after forcing a political target off the road.

Trump supporters also blocked a highway in New Jersey this weekend, apparently just for the hell of it.
Fucking FB.  Ton of upgrades way OTM right now and shit drops like a retard.  It was up like $3 pm when I checked earlier.
From one retard to another, I'm not a stranger and I have paypal.
Why are we calculating sigma using expected moves when our baseline of observation is the actual outcome? 

Should we compare the weekly returns across a time horizon to determine if last week was indeed a 3-sigma event?
Why can I report 3k in losses each year this is bullshit. 29 years till I'm able to break even smh
fax
Zoom puts

   **Zoom Appoints Janet Napolitano To Board Of Directors**
Whoever told me to not buy clx before earnings fuck u😂😂
[deleted]
What’s spy at rn
This needs to stay up so it can drill harder.
come back in a week loser
I’m selling them @ 36, come & get.
Wheres the guy that told me to sell my calls at last eow >:(
U have a better chance of getting ur wife back then spy hitting 350
Ah some quality DD at last, if my money weren't all in my brokerage account right now I'd give your comment an award
And so it begins
Do regular bench and pull ups. If you need a program go 5-3-1 wonder. Or just yolo some 120 per arm
Oh rly whatchu gunna spoil me with? Impress me
yes
Honestly Mango is the one tough on China. So that might help NIO
Weighted dips, my guy

Also I'm pretty jacked and no one loves me
Should’ve gone in on those dec NIO 40c that someone mentioned Friday 😅
I'm 6 foot and 155 lbs, but I aint jacked. 6 foot is a good height to be, I need to get yoked to make use of the height though
Hope bleeds eternal
Puts on solar because it pumped too much lol
Futures fading into the open
Y’all talking NIO I’m talking FSR
If trump.wins by lands slide.
Y’all ready for drillkings red day #7?
Nothing else has worked. Fuck it - I’m in!
One step at a time dog. watch lesbian porn in slow motion in the meantime
fading too fast for me to properly reload
is no one talking about AMD's new GPU?

isnt it better than NVDA or something
Calls and puts gonna be red :-(
True.
70lb dB is good. In April I was repping 315lb on bench, but I haven’t gone to the since then. I did 12 reps of 235 in August at my cousins home gym when I visited so I def lost a lot of strength :( I’m prob down repping 185 now
priced in spy 350 EOW
$NEE is free money look at that chart
I told u guys 

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jl45xl/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gar840v/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
NIO market cap: 30BN

Delivered trucks 0

Yearly revenue on trucks 0

Partnerships about trucks 0

Chance 0
Meet me on the 9th green at 9 tonight.
Pull ups are the way to go.
People are still here talking about calls.

Puts arent ez mode yet so we still crashing IMHO.
Bruh I still want to look good and be happy looking at the mirror.
My car doesn't, but only because I'm an idiot and didn't get in on TSLA the past 2 years.
Frickkk. Kanye’s win is priced in. Dahmp Eet!
long vix puts r free cash
Wait you dumb fucks didn't sell? Party's over my dudes, the spike happened.

Diamondhanding a squeeze.... what the fuck.
Stop being gross
what happens to nio if biden wins
Puts on solar because daylight savings time. Less sun.
5 cent lottos for me
Nio is tanking upwards
No it's to late
chest flys to improve the incline my guy
What the fuck is going on?
What’s the reason tho
lol trump literally told his supporters to commit voter fraud by voting in person and mailing in a ballot
70 is pretty good depending on your weight. I could get 65 for 10
Isn’t wind energy just solar energy with extras steps?
We dont have venmo outside the us lol. 
Not that I would send my money to a stranger.
Let's catch a rising knife.
FSLR
Invest in oyster farming. Sustainable protein, shoreline protection, filters water.
[deleted]
FI/RE is great if you have the discipline and fortitude to sacrifice your early years working, but odds are if you're that driven to begin with, you'll be bored to tears by "Retirement" and end up going back to some kind of work, paid or not, at some point just to have something to do. 

Being happy 100% of the time means you feel happy about 60% of the time, and it costs a lot more than actually being happy about 50% of the time. Once you adapt to the new normal, you start taking things for granted really quickly, and then lifestyle-creep sets in.
I swear to god there was a headline saying "dow down ___ points as investors count down to election" some  time last week.
I did 🥴
Yeah man I am sorry and good luck on ur next play👍
Let the fade begin
Just make more money then it doesn’t matter what you look like.
I did.
whoever told me to buy CLX before earnings, thank you
Eat more food
why does that guy look likes Jim cramer  😂
LMAO, Craimer last week: "This is the bottom..."

Craimer this week:  "We're going lower!"
You are really annoying and bring shame to that name
Nikola market cap 6.9bn

Delivered trucks 0
Lol. 1/15/21 $35C is free money.
JKS
How are the actuary science majors doing?
I almost forgot US and Europe have daylight saving and Standard time all that shit. Stop messing with time !!!
Well back in for 100  NIO shares
Just realized I also had calls for today. PUMP ETTTT
Who else is preparing to buy some NVIDIA puts at open?
😆
Should I buy the NIO calls at open 😩😩
**9AM LETS HAVE A GREAT DAY EVERYONE**
Tons of companies do.  They have found correlation between good credit and responsibility of the employee.
It’s also cloudy where I am today. Seems like a good move.
AZ has the best system for mail in ballots, other states will be a mess
Yes. Netherlands or usa
you can sell credit spreads if you dont have much money, but to run the wheel you simply need a bunch of initial capital to sell covered calls/puts
SMH MY HEAD
I know I was joking😂😂
[deleted]
GOOD
Yikesss
Drill team six, reporting for duty
Clear Eyes, Full Balls, Can't Lose
rednecks looking for an excuse to play with their toys salivating at the thought of ded libruls
All those articles that try to steal your money “Like buying amazon at $4/share”. Except this time I won. And it’s Nio. Going to celebrate with a Tesla.
11/4 & 6
Every state has different rules on counting ballots ahead of time.
Little dump before open, to bounce at open?
Using the weekly SPX expected move the options market prices in.
RIP IN PEPPERONI
[deleted]
Pretty interesting video on how creditors are destroying each other and how the Fed can't save companies from their shitty balance sheets:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-blr7O5HM&t=1s
Cramer is bearish that means we are mooning
Sir, this isn't a Barnes and Nobles.
If you want a short squeeze play, just look at GME. When OSTK squeezes earlier this year, there was roughly 60% short. GME is at 164% short as of October 15. There hasn’t been nearly enough volume to cover those shares. Any kind of news and it explodes.
This aged well
You're getting your dip NIO FOMOers. Make it count
wtf the fuck why is the market not open???!1111 is this bidens doing?
Or diamond hands that shit eh? Forced feature is a bonus of robinhood
At least you made some profit
tech dumping dumping
[deleted]
Will the market still be open on Wednesday if there's a full blown civil war?  0dte SPY plays will might be the move.
[deleted]
Be rich and smart.
I work in the renewable field. I would would say either is a safe bet. Solar definitely has more room to grow over wind, though.
Watch YouTube, read the news, if Old guy wins & mango contests it, shits gonna go crazy. If you go to Twitter, People are getting ready to protest
Venmo me and I’ll bet for you
About to lose all my money to theta at open. Fucking tech.

I guess it still better than what futures were looking like last night.
Meet me behind Wendys on Rt. 9 and bring a dental dam
What I'm keeping eyes on this week: the support line since the 10/2 selloff which has now been a resistance the past 3 days > watching for 3 different scenarios 1) the bullish scenario = prices break thru resistance side and then retest/bounce off the support side for a new uptrend 2) the bullish/bearish/bullish scenario = prices break thru the resistance side and retest but doesn't really bounce and trends up/down/sideways on the support side in which case there's still a chance for a bullish move 3) bearish scenario = price continues to get rejected off the resistance side and continues downtrend (need confirmation candles tho for continued strong downward pressure) > super important right now to pay attention to the daily candle formations (price action)
a game theory table lmao
november will be the greenest month in the history of mankind
Give me the solar to play?
Jfc
11/6
It's shit.
The market does
I actually did buy at $12 but then sold at $18 cause I'm retarded.
**no**
--------------------
That’s what I’d do if I had the shares but I’m selling calls against my own calls that I bought, currently don’t have a single share of it
Do you need to be a citizen to use PredictIt?
The market does get with it
This shit is gonna tank at open but that just means calls are on sale for EOD
I will sell you that call once the market opens
[removed]
Holding puts 11/4
Late fucking news, pal.
[read this](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/01/us/elections/trump-defends-texas-drivers-who-surrounded-biden-bus-while-the-presidents-supporters-block-traffic-in-new-york-and-new-jersey.html)
Cuz we broke baby boi
Puts on solar stocks. Daylight savings means less light to absorb.
Bro do it
Positions?
Markets aren’t open yet.  Stop being a 3 year old autist and learn about daylight savings.  Guh!
How was last week's drop a 3 sigma event? What time frame are you using?
somewhere you shouldnt be if you care about money
uhhhh bro, we basically have 2 fucking cults of people running for office
Theta is $/time
[deleted]
Technically the end of daylight savings.
How do I join this theta gang thing
The legend has it, they were never seen again.... they went into hibernation
VIX go back up
I was comparing the trend of porn vs coronavirus because it appears to be a strong indicator of market direction
I’m gonna make a daylight savings joke in an hour so get prepared for comedy
Tsla 420c never fails
Europoors get outta my market 😡 also time changed you retards stop asking
Because looters/rioters have gone unpunished in left leaning cities. It’s basically legal.
I mean yes, idk why anyone would look at that
We are all salty about not being on the train
Because our pathetic press seems to be pushing for it.
fair enough
If another fucking idiot asks why the market isn’t open yet, I’m going to create an ETF that shorts you fucking imbeciles in this thread holy fuck
SOLAR STOCK VS WIND STOCKS
Are you genuinely retarded? Pre market opens at 9am our time.... Germany 8am. It’s always been this way Wtf are you smoking?
[read this](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/01/us/elections/trump-defends-texas-drivers-who-surrounded-biden-bus-while-the-presidents-supporters-block-traffic-in-new-york-and-new-jersey.html)
Its 9AM, do you know where your personal risk tolerance is?
[That CAGR though.](https://ibb.co/9q3Sqc2)
FUCK YEAHHHHHH WE ARE BROTHER AHHHHHH
Nice thanks
Sell weekly otm calls, if you lose ur shares sell itm csp.
Did the '87 crash have: a global pandemic (No) featuring lockdowns (No) and a crash 7 months prior? (No)

Clearly they are the same
i doubt theyll deactivate their account if he doesnt win
My advice to get through the first week. Delete social media, tic tok, Instagram, (you can keep snap) but delete anything that you might get tempted with
Yeah I’m setting 2.5 as my exit! Probably sell half and let half run. My target is $37.
Nio 11/13 43c
[deleted]
The only explanation: DST is bullish for equities
[deleted]
They don’t even have their own factories lol
I hope not. I'm balls deep.
guys...i don't wake up every morning to get on WSB and listen to people wine and not dine.

I need you guys to start coming here with ideas...fresh ideas...can we do that?

can we do that just 5 times this week...that's all i ask

Thank you
Need $AAPL to go over $114 today to make me sell a covered call.

Need $TNA to go over $37.50 today to make me sell covered calls and maybe a cash-secured put.

Still, I think I shouldn’t sell-to-open any positions until Wednesday.
Already Priced In!
[deleted]
You know where you’re at son?
[deleted]
Circuit breakers
Idk.. watching 60min last night the machine they have in AZ is fucking intense. It's not even connected to the internet in order to prevent hacking. It's like programmed to be an offline black box until the polls close
Not everyone lives in deprecated agrarian societies
Good luck soldier
Turkish pipeline destroyed I think
I'm going to ask the REAL question: Were you searching for "Coronavirus Porn?
The US rolled clocks back yesterday. So it’s only 09:00 on the east coast now.
More people probably believe the Earth is flat than don't change the clocks for daylight savings time
I keep reading this, why do you guys think that? I'm a Canadian and I just don't get why your election is gonna be violent
Could happen... But the weekend dow? come on
This ass draws fib lines and thinks he's doing some  special...
Haha sounds good, I only did this for some person.
thx u/brucele 🙌🏼
Neither
haha, the market will be red in 1 hour.
Mondale and McGovern. So third worst.
How the fuck are you confused? You own a smartphone
be smart and funny, constantly buy her food and learn how to eat pussy. you'll be posting 'how do I get rid of a woman' soon enough if you do this right.
I care about my relationships and need money to keep them alive.
nah but a lot of people use it because of him
I know me too, I actually think they're legit too. Same with all the other outdoor stocks like PII or WGO but I feel like that whole sector is manipulated. I should just stay away from it if I know what's good for me
I’m putting a big majority of my account on that
Nio marketcap 41.66bn

Delivered cars total 63,343

So roughly 650,000$ / delivered car
there already was a crazy short squeeze on OSTK
EOD!
If Biden wins gold is gonna skyrocket mark my words.
no
Please post gains on main page and tag me
Sweet summer child. Bless your heart.
Nio did this two weeks ago, had two days of 10 percent runs and then dropped 3-5% and held that range for two weeks. IDK if the same thing will happen again but seems like they released that there october numbers increased 100% and that might be the reason for this continued run
Few miles back.
When are we fomoing in on NIO 36c weeklies
I think I would do well in a Mad Max scenario...  :hopeful face:
I’m buying puts on open regardless there’s just so much potential upside to a contested election which is seemingly becoming more and more likely to lead to violence
[removed]
You mean your ex-girlfriend?

The best way to test your gf is to appear one day to have lost all your money and ask her to lend money tk you. And you need to make her believe that one of your family member has disease that need a big surgery so you need to work two jobs. You than see her less often, from several times per day to once every other weeks.

If she stayed with you after 3 months and your bet is successful, then you can claim you have an uncle lived in foreign country that passed away and give you the inheritance so not only could you pay your family’s bill but you want to marry her.
You got suckered into the square trap
Nio day in January/December as well as their ER coming up, but up to you
Some people don't participate in that nonsense
Daylight savings ya dummy
Like that positive attitude there
bro is trump the sole user of twtr or something?
You must be from europe as well? US clocks went back
Clocks change or Powell slept in and forgot to open it.
See this is why im so conflicted cuse ive been seeing ppl saying biden win is priced in
Yeah that's fucked up
BBQ THE Q
[deleted]
Then I can spoil you baby girl come hit them dms 😘😝
Lets make some money boys. 

Except bears. Fuck bears
[deleted]
Damn - money really isn’t correlated with work

I also saw she is married to the Exec producer of her show
Because we live in AZ :(
🤦‍♂️
Haha well affiliations aside I hope for your case he loses 😂
Why would I even buy puts 🤷 to be honest
How do you go long on delta 8 thc. Found out about it this weekend!!
Futures fading quick. Blood red by open
Still surprised Obama didnt have his own shoe line.
Fuck now it’s going to be bigly green for sure
And she left her 1st husband for an exec at her job
MARKETS ARE CLOSED????

Edit: I just realised there was something called daylight savings time
WTF THE FUCK
11% of float shorted, nah
Ahh of course, the wsb Kramer strategy
[deleted]
Why isn’t markets opened? Any geniuses
Why the oil dump and pump last night?
Same brother. Fucking weekend clowns talking shit. Its great to feel vindicated
30 minutes
It hasn’t ever really dropped. And idk how ta you are but it just broke out of its channel since July. All it’s done is sell off and consolidate.
New month. Lessssssssssssssss go.  Sep./Oct. were friggin' terrible.
what strike are you eyeing? might grab some 11/06 30s for a quick flip on profit taking this morning
I actually had not mentally priced in a Trump win. Shit- need to have a hedge plan in case that dude pulls it out again.
Wanna pay mine too? Jk I don’t have any debt
Wish we didn’t use it either it’s dumb
Cringey isn’t it
[removed]
It is, at least that is part of the original intent. Futures are the same way, it’s a form of insurance
Damn day light savings
You guys only care about money, smh my head
THAN usual. Fucking than
A lot of bears going to get shaking out their positions this morning; I’m going the all or nothing route
According to Google, $3mil a year
Talking about scheming market makers is like qanon for stocks
Why would you buy so far otm idiot
 Éter be or im ded ☠️
[deleted]
What if kanye wins
We going to the moon
August had TSLA and AAPL split tho. Thats good news.
We never jump forward or fall back... no changing clocks!
Only comparatively though. I’d short some higher-flying tech firm before $FB.
Oil majors up big this AM
WTF!!!! MARKET NOT OPEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????? HOW MANY HOURS LEFT?
Just being nice and letting you hold on to your money for an extra hour.
A lot of you retards act like your phones and computers don't automatically update for daylight savings time
Green at open then dump at 10 as usual right?
LFG!  I’m holding the same strike lol. 

We selling at the open?
I would imagine they have already started counting mail in ballots, and that insiders know what the current counts are at.
Only if stimulus comes soon after election
Still you, just a retard who found a nut
why not eod
No I meant not to have it at all, just leave split the difference and not change the time
Lord help me if i ever get audited
honestly I think Twitter will moon either way.  If he loses it is going to be a fucking tweet typhoon coming out of his phone.
yeah im probably totally incorrect lmfao
Day 2 of no nut and the temptation is real
Sorry it’s been years. I had good luck with the “Examples and Explanations” books. 

My 2 cents: the key to LS exams is to just get in the head of your prof and just try to analyze issues the way that they would analyze them. 

GLHF

Edit: https://www.amazon.com/Examples-Explanations-Constitutional-Law-Individual/dp/1543805639/
Make sure she doesn’t loot n scoot
All my Monday midterms start at market open, it’s rart, I need to know whether I’m having a post-exam meal of waygu n blow or cereal w/ water n crushed wake-ups
Bought them after the ALGN sympathy spike? Same here.
LOL
Wyd, just buy nio calls.
Don’t get caught being the same guy with futures
No u
there is going to be the mother of all short squeezes on OSTK
rug pull today, tomorrow, Wednesday, Thursday, everybody's rugs gettin pulled this week
Yeah but she hot tho
Let’s inverse Cramer.
NIO 40 EOW
How to become an expert at TA in two easy steps:

>Find two inflection points

>Draw a line between them
What if Biden wins and Trump throws a tantrum but the market rallies?

I mean so far the market hasn’t acted in Trump-favoured ways. It might not give a shit about contested election.
You're still retarded, just with slightly more money :)
Bitches like flowers
Love the people calling everyone retards for not knowing what time it is.

IDK if you realize but most countries in the world don't use DST, and Europe had theirs already.

Joke's on you, we're all retards no matter what time it is
Yeah because you’re fucking poor lol
lesssssgetit
Okay. I bet you’re in the green now.
Cramer is looking a lil more retarded then usual today
Is today the day DKNG stops dumping??
GRWG green today.  Announced huge acquisition this morning
Must be august again. Pumping up on nothing but bad news
Finna pay my girl debt
Keanu Reeves buys Nio calls... do you?
I feel you, the world has felt very orchestrated and fake this year. But Trump would need to outperform in just about every contested state and that's the least likely of all scenarios. Large bloc of the right (outside of his "base") absolutely can not stand him and will be voting Biden or Libertarian. Almost all of the left is united behind "Jesus christ get this man the fuck out of office." Polling had been improved since last time after learning from their 2016 errors, and the margins are even bigger than last time. I will literally eat my underwear if Mango wins.
I enter at open exit at 12 or 1pm. Mondays have always been massive movements so i hold till 1pm.
Eh I’m new to this so I don’t think I could give you a correct answer, but I would guess you’d want to do a couple weeks out to make sure you’re still getting enough credit from the extrinsic value. If you’ve got plenty of capital, I would just let them get called away and then switch to cash secured puts. The share price will come back down eventually, maybe even sooner than later, and you’ll get the shares back.
Calls on fuckery over ballots from the losing party for at least a month
KRAMER SAID people bidding the futures up don’t have any idea what they’re doing!! He says It’s too high.. KRAMER SAID
Buy weeklies on something affected by negative buyer sentiment. $FB is jittery before the election, but it’s absolutely the most undervalued FAANG and you could get rightly crushed when investors come out from cover after the election.
30 minutes to see whether or not futures matter
Sooo glad I rolled my spy 300p from Wednesday to Friday 🤡🤡🤡🤡
I don’t usually play 1dte and now I’m sitting here trying to figure out how to lose the least money on 325p expiring today. Why did I get into these stupid ass lottos 😂
What rate though?

I only made 40k a year and had 10k in debt at one point, and they were still pre-approving me for a similar amount unsecured.

The catch is that the APR is literal AIDS.
[deleted]
So u got vxx puts?
Cut my calls into pieces, this is my last resort.
Me, for selling my nio calls on Wednesday.
Hell yeah, me too brother. I’m jacked to the teeth on 11/6 calls
Just took a huge morning dump, red day confirmed
Not on my robinhood app...
Murica better not drag those awesome euro percentages down on open!
[deleted]
How much do you think Becky Quick gets paid? She only has like 10 minutes of speaking time every hour on her show
Puts on your data sources. It dropped due to declining rate of new users and a pretty decent projected increase in expenses for Q4.
Long international paper $IP
[deleted]
Alibaba slowly fading, fockin Jack
Nio to 100 baby
Did you just spout this shit off or did you actually read first?
bro the numbers are FUCKING CRAZY, for every $1 lost, $2 was printed in its place

Ottawa gave families affected by the virus more than twice the amount of money the bug cost them. “Overall, Canadian households received more money ($56 billion) from government aid programs such as CERB and other transfers in the second quarter than they lost in wages and salaries due to the pandemic ($23 billion).”

Wow. In the middle of a pandemic recession, household income actually rose – by a huge 11% – because of government largess. That made making mortgage payments a whole lot better. It helped create what’s being called a “boom in the gloom.”
Congrats!
not really, but theres a chance I guess
Turn it off and on again.
Shoutout to the ELY DD guy 👍🏼
Trump now says he's going to immediately file lawsuits on Wed.  Tread very carefully guys and gals.  The shit show ain't over. Cash, cash, cash.
Even if it hit a 400 billion market cap over the next five years. That would only 10x your money. It’s gone 15x in the last 12 months. You’re late
[removed]
Hate to say it, Trump is likely to beat the second worst candidate in DNC history. Gamble accordingly...
True, but the usa definitely subsidizes boeing
Not so hot take: green today, red tomorrow, green rest of year
So faang puts?
Why isn't the market open, is this some kind of fraud?
Fade that shit. I need everything cheaper 😂
Puts
[deleted]
Just fucking around - I will be one of the first in line so I don’t have to wait in line.  Not a vegan.
SEDG single handedly saved my account with the parabolic rise. But I reconsidered my risk recently. Better to put it in a basket like TAN and benefit from all of them
Do you really think he's going to win?
WSB been shilling NIO since at least $14
Spend it on a weekly Tesla call imo
🤣 all the bears last night lmao
I’m taking an immediate exit with my position. 200 shares since $9 and covered calls ever since to a 30c. No way am I rolling that out. I’d rather miss more run up.
SNAP puts are life ruiners
Yall downvoted the fuck out of me on friday for buying NIO calls. Who's the retard now.
But then it wouldn’t save light😂😂
Hey guys remember the bears jerking off to the Weekend Dow, hahahahahhahahaha
Dow futures have dropped 40 points in the last few minutes
No. Wrong on so many levels.
There is no right to vote. It is a privilege granted by the states.
Laughs in fake margin call from robinhood
Premarket starts at 4 am. Lmao you’re fucking dumb.
Spy calls or spy puts at open? 🤔
Yes puts will be red af
Theta is time so like.... explain yourself
Futures = raging shrek green dick
My portfolio = whiskey limp dick

Big tech is honestly small PP energy. 🤡😖
[deleted]
CLX!
Thoughts on going all in on Paypal? It will either run bigly to ER or do the opposite.
Unironically I wouldn’t be surprised if it sells off at open for the first time after premarket rally. We are still not in a certain market.
[removed]
NIO is the next GME, TSLA, NKLA, RKT and all them shits combined
Look at greeks
That's why you exit no later than 1pm cause the volume is still high. Never hold till close.
Ok this post can understand lol
"I just YOLOd on Twitter calls bc green line crossed red line and the full moon was on Halloween (:"
Karma whore
theres a new disease that slows time down and keeps you living in the past. It's called daylight savings disease.
Huh is the markets opened yet?
Agree - I rolled over my old 401k to a new IRA around the top, getting ansty with cash, but safe bet until things settle down.  Clorox would have been a good play last week.
Gay
Twitter went down like 23% cause trump might lose. If he wins, that shit will moon. Thoughts on calls? That the play?
Hopefully.  Would like to get out of my calls as close to break even as possible at this point.
I stopped reading after 2025
The bank is lending to someone who is risky and wants the premium, he’s a high implied volatility option bro. Lend him the money yourself next time homeboy
Remember when people thought it was free money to just buy puts? Remember that nothing makes sense :)
Anybody not in position already or on sidelines until Wednesday has massive balls
Nice try, Hunter.
literally no one:

ameretard: dAy LigHt sAvIng
May be delayed to December for final audited results
Day light savings
How the fuck does that work?
[deleted]
I’ve been selling weekly poor mans covered calls on my 2022 nio leaps for the past few weeks and I always seem to have to buy back the option I sell for more. At this point is it better for me to just buy otm calls and ride the wave up? Will otm calls make more money than my itm leaps if the stock keeps going up at this rate or should I stay with my itm leaps and keep selling calls
if you're buying calls today give me karma
Futures fading...
1,000,000 is > 900,000
NIO blasting off again like it's part of Team Rocket
Not today. Def by Friday though
That makes it potentially even worse: "I've already taken some painkillers, so what is another half bottle?" is generally a one time mistake only.
8 more minutes for premarket...
LMAO

But if it expired OTM then Grandpa lived.
Lack of 🅱️imulus checks
Your brain is on x games mode
I have $200 and a dream
It's year 2025, it's the next election, and we are finally hoping to get rid of Donald Trump once and for all. You think back to 2020, you think about the market, and you get really upset. Are you upset cause you didn't time the bullrun, are you upset cause you didn't sell before such an obvious drop. No, you are upset cause the EV giant "NIO" with a 400B market cap, spreading quickly throughout Asia, you saw that stock every day getting shilled, it was sitting on a puny sub 50B market cap. You think to yourself 'Why didn't I buy?, it was so obvious, an EV supported by the chinese Governement, in a country desperate for environmental friendly alternatives'. A tear falls down from your eyes while you go get a bud light in the fridge and once again open the daily WSB thread, hoping that one day you'll be financially secure.
I have spoken
Seems like you should apply "more traders lose money" rule here
<3
I'm not, they just aren't part of the conversation right now.  Dig this:  


[https://www.tastytrade.com/tt/learn/implied-volatility](https://www.tastytrade.com/tt/learn/implied-volatility)

" In simple terms, IV is determined by the current price of option contracts on a particular stock or future. It is represented as a percentage that indicates the annualized expected one [standard deviation](https://www.tastytrade.com/tt/learn/standard-deviation) range for the stock based on the option prices. For example, an IV of 25% on a $200 stock would represent a one standard deviation range of $50 over the next year. "

&#x200B;

Go read Options Volatility and Pricing for a more in-depth look at how all of that stuff works.  It's a tough read (for me it was), but there are are gems in there.
so NIO puts when? this entire sub is shilling it.. surely it will drop just like everything fucking else WSB briefly got a wild chubby about
Oh wow. Ppl affected by Covid are getting that 2k cad per month though right?
Sorry bro that sucks but I really like that company actually I think it’s a good leap play probably btw I also didn’t think it was going to moon I was thinking probably flat
SEDG may have good earnings...FSLR and ENPH did well
Cramer seems drugged out of his mind - completely vacant state
It doesn’t go down though
Might be a good play, but wait till close. Its going nowhere but up today
Just buy an iPhone you sissy
Both of these are bullish on Biden 😂😂😂
Tech melting down red by 10 🌈🐻
When you start seeing dancing bear memes getting thousands of upvotes, it’s probably a smart time to go long calls. 😆
I bought 60k of CRSR shares this week so you needs better start buying more gaming components
If u look at the chart it literally only goes sideways and never goes down

Good luck
comsidering it too 🤪
After every red day there is always a pump. Things get over sold. Shorts cover. Dip buyers BTFD 

ITS TOTALLY EXPECTED ‘n HAVE YOU NOT BEEN PAYING ATTENTION ALL YEAR!?!
Thats why we'll recover next year while the US turns into Mad Max
[deleted]
They should split the daylight savings by 30 mins and leave it as is all year long
Are you saying you "know" who is going to win the election?  Please enlighten me.
Markets are now pricing in a DJT win

But ssssshhhhh, dont tell anyone
helllo its me! you dont recognize me cuz my main acct is banned for 7 days =\[ i love u my bb , sending positive energy your way
I remember getting downvoted for buying the NIO dip on friday.
Non voters are like vegans. They have to fucking tell someone that they didn’t vote. We get it buddy, you’re super cool.
The new iPhone is already sold out in a lot of places 💸
It doesn't matter if they give the money to St. Michael, it still substantially impairs the affordability of common firearms which harm the market for firearms.
Yeah but the market is higher today than in 1987
Mail it in, it's not like they gonna be done counting before yours gets there
The right to vote is the right not to vote , right?
Aight all the retards here are buying nio calls. Fuck it, I’m inversing .  And buying puts. Why, I don’t fucking know
Which country of a billion people is subsidizing and inflating that plane company?
I ASKED THE SAME SHIT IN APRIL
I’d get puts but doesn’t make too much sense, holding over night tonight
[removed]
I mean I guess if it takes an incompetent person to pass tax reform, criminal justice, start peace in Middle East, energy independence, quality of life increase, conservatives Supreme Court. I’m all for that sort of incompetence!
Hey man it’s 2020, fundamentals don’t matter anymore. #NioTo500BMarketCap
Square gonna see any type of runup? Been beaten down
tfw when you rock up to the casino and it's still closed...
TLT green with index’s up..uh oh
Lol I’m just saying. The way things have been this year I almost always expect the unexpected now
Best position today, cash.
They dont wanna miss on another tsla
For once...I grabbed 11/6 NIO 31c on Friday
You guys are getting hyped on premarket. 🤡🤡
Hahaha, poor. 200k for Biden here.
well I was long before last earnings and it got crushed like 15% after. The I continued to be long and it kept going down so I lost some more. I figured at this point, everyone knows they're going to have an amazing quarter and its still going down so I went short and now it's pumping. Lost about 10K total on this stock no joke
Spy calls won’t print as hard because of high Theta and IV (For SPY)
Shutdowns usually equal stimulus? And a market loves a good stimulus. ICAGY📈
So why is OSTK so down again?
Grandpa got IV crushed.
What time is that asteroid that nobody is talking about anymore supposed to arrive today?
TA only cares about colorful lines and confirmation bias
I want to exercise my civic duty to vote but I don’t really do lines.
They want a real person who doesn’t rely on physical or financial stats
Id say nio overvalued but the big banks keep upping price targets so idk how its gonna drop very far
Its a company that makes phones without a charger
Who is buying short term calls or puts before the election? You don’t give a shit about massive IV crush? Esp for puts, they’re overpriced
I mean... if their is one thing I have learned, 90% of WSB doesn't look at the greeks or any type of info. They literally just gamble. Which is fine but... yeah I just tend to ignore what most people say on here.
I’ll see you guys at open
MMs will def make mango win for the IV.
Can I have some of your drugs?
wanna hold dicks as we fomo together?
* you never know what it will do
My sisters black
Said this 3 days ago to help you retards. Got 8 downvotes. Fuck you guys really.

"volatility could head down over the weekend bc the election result is essentially known before Tuesday."
Because bonds return next to nothing
Im probably fomoing this morning
how do you buy calls on ppl?
Never heard of something already being priced in and that markets are forward looking, huh?
Someone said VIX calls are the only calls that’ll be red Monday, wya?
Nobody is buying planes
[deleted]
Think we got some heavy survivorship bias, all the perma bulls got slaughtered over the past two weeks, now all these young cubs ... market must go down, this doesn't make sense!  Like nothing got priced in over the past two weeks.
Daylight stealing time
Because everyone knows Trump is going to win despite the polls. Bigly shitty.
AAPL 115c 11/20
[removed]
Buy an 8 ball and a hooker
Because mm slept too much
Damn day light saving
Havent had curry in ages
💦💦💦
With everyone pricing in a sleepy win, combined with no trust in polls and massive red rallies, the opposite seems more likely
Haha, I’m in AZ...

No daylight savings for me!
Sq... calls... no positions but Er Thursday so you have IV run up plus a bullish trend today.
[deleted]
Why TF are euro indices doing so well?? You’re all locked down u fuccbois
Nio long call easiest money you’ll ever make maybe wait for it to drop a little but if its far out date won’t even matter
People already saying 'blah blah blah fundamentals' with NIO. Haven't we already proven that shit like that is out the window right now. It's why all the fundamental investors got left in the dust back in April. Everyone is just trying to gamble on who the next Tesla, PTON, ZM will be in terms of the market dog piling in.
At least like half to lock it in.
I’ll eat your ass eh?
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323260563921752070?s=20 

>\*NIO Delivered 5,055 Vehicles in October, Doubling on Year    
>  
>\*NIO Sets New Monthly Delivery Record    
>  
>\*NIO Has Delivered 31,430 Vehicles So Far in 2020
Spy nov 6 calls
Biden checked out a long time ago , and Kamla is insane
Should probably be 100B, calls it is
less thinking, more fomoing, why are you even looking at market cap
Will you shut up, man!
NIO CALL $40
I trade options so that my kids never have to.
......lay off the curry.....it stinks
cuz its 0847
RemindMe! 4 days
Mom? Come on mom.. Let’s get you back to the line at Wendy’s
dudes really be like “i’m 6feet and i make 6figs where the ladies at”
The Europoors still can't afford one.
I want to say GoDaddy earnings this week
Oh you mean SIGMA the Overwatch dude I got u now my b
How bro it pumped really hard two months ago or so I am watching this stock daily and below 28 is a good price to go long above 33 short
yeah, im thinking of getting a man bun, long hair and having a slick trimmed beard as well. Perhaps that could help ya boi out
Listen guys...this is a new week...we have one bump...tomorrow...life will go on

Now go make tendies....gl
F bro.

You have selected hard mode at birth
Eh!!! Keep us out of this fight please.  Not a nice day for us today
it's a retarded concept
It was Friday, if you didn’t buy the dip Friday you must hate money lol
nio going up 22%
Just wait until wednesday
[deleted]
Depends if you think TSLA is 500b. 

I think NIO has more to grow. And TSLA has more to fall.
Apple is so weak
Peanut butter ones are good too
[deleted]
Same.
I had 5k in nio at that price and sold at six and felt like made a good deal 😂😂
maybe step up the fashion game, never know.
Maybe it’s Maybelline
If you ain’t getting Nio calls then you ain’t black
NIO.  You fucking monster.  Printing all day, errrrr day.
💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰
Same. SNAP always seems to find a way to fuck me tho
Theta will obliterate the value of your straddle by 50% before any change in spy even takes effect.
Nios market cap makes sense:
They make 5000 cars and has half of the market cap of a company with over 10000 airplanes in service
Simple math boys
Things were down, therefore, they can only go up because.
I would advice you to create newsletter etc. that people can subscribe to or something on Twitter etc. Don't post here, just look at the comments.
Hope my VXX calls make me rich!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Canada, double digit unemployment with housing prices up 30% YoY, and food prices up bigly as well. Average home price in canada is something like 600k now lol.

Official inflation numbers are under 1% tho lmao
gonna buy nio 11/6 $35c bc im retarded
To see the future
A bartender that makes 8 bucks an hour and looks hipster
F
This is the way
I’ll show you some organic growth
That’s a fucking lie. Y’all got the most game
Crys in Arizona.
Shreks dick is so hard fionas ears are standing up
Watching 15k blow up at the end of March cured me of my ideological Bearism. Still holding my puts this week though.
Some personality maybe...
Maybe he’s gay
Perma bull gang checking in
do you only have a 6 inch dick?
Yes, Trump really did said that.
it's on my microwave
I remember when NIO was sub 2$


It is really buy and forget the password of your account the only way to make an absurd amount of money eh?
Are you confused sir?
Best play for $1k this morning?
[deleted]
Webull loll
I wanted to at 30 last week.
On the sidelines with cash until Tuesday at 3:55
What the fuck is a sinja
NIO calls?
Febearary
Yea but what goes up must go down
ye
fucking MMs are gonna make it moon

they held down tech earnings lmao
Lol he’s losing all his karma commenting
step 1: be good looking

step 2: see step 1
LMAO
Tim apple's bunk flying through the arrows of time
Spy post election calls would have been a fun bet on Friday.
Except under biden, jpow will be replaced by a dirty hippy - so jpows plan won't matter.  We'll move over to a system where you barter for goods and services with weed
Maybe hes ugly
While technically he "can't" and if he did Fauci could appeal, it wouldn't surprise me if he did anyway, it's silly tho because Fauci has a great approval rating, but whatever gives me puts hope
Probably rally
We actually plunged 3 sigmas last week and you still bought puts Friday huh? 🤡
Blue guy win. Red people buy gun to defend against 😱socialism😱
Usually what it was trading at when announced.
Its coarse and rough
Are you ugly
Lol at all the bears downvoting all the bears last night

They’re at it again. LOL
>MERKEL SAYS WE HAVE POSITIVE PROSPECTS FOR CORONAVIRUS VACCINE BEING APPROVED IN COMING MONTHS

ANY DAY NOW FELLAS, ANY DAY

we have 1000 flu vaccines and the flu is still here, i dunno why people think a vaccine will actually end this
[deleted]
If you live in AZ the market now starts at 730 instead of 630
Get a part time job at a warehouse or fast food
u got puts?
💦💦
No hands no legs
The 1st was nice. 3rd not so much 😤
More than 6”
I prefer Spatula City. They sell spatulas, and that's all!
Bought @ $30.51. Pre market tells a different story
yes
work on your game
Interestingly, the parts of America with high gun ownership are not the parts with high murder rates.

We absolutely have a lot of problems, our war on drugs being high up on the list as well as being a primary driver of urban violence, criminal justice corruption, and our out of control prison industry.
I thought everyone had a phone that automatically adjusted for DST and vice versa in 2020.
[deleted]
Fuck why wsb was not around 10 years ago lmao
If Tesla goes over 450 this week I will tweet Elon my pp
I mean, we can't really predict NIO after January cause we have no idea of their plans afterwards, but I guess it might be fair to say 40-45c Jan, maybe 50-60c April/May. I don't know if calls for nio go that high yet though. Have fun, nio is now too expensive to jump in for me lmao
It's going to be huge.
I’m going to roll, what date should I roll out to?
Fuck your puts fool
It’s gonna dump later today, right?
Are you guys FOMO'ing NIO yet?
Yep, market open pushed back an hour
hydrogen makes bombs so it’s like high energy and stuff
CiRcUiT BrEaKeR
Stop calling every run up a short squeeze. NIO is only 5% of float shorted. Its not a short squeeze if no one is shorting it...
NIO barely even dipped on friday INSANE stock
oh snap! did not see that coming
Gyna
I know there’s more to dip this week but am going long on AMZN.
[deleted]
Maybe you’re autistic
This open is gonna hurt...
Need appl to get slaughtered today
Anyone playing Redfin? Not on this list but reporting Thursday after hours. Best quarter for home sales in 14 years!
It’s actually 11:43 market opens
i hope, id then buy up everything with the quickness
I fucking swear RH better not engage diamond hands mode
Yeah I bet you're a beacon of emotional intelligence
Can confirm. Wasted too much time telling them the retarded move was buying puts after a 3 sigma dive last week.
In case you missed it, we were -.9% last night
Sauce?
Wasnt this like 60% or so?
[deleted]
Gonna buy spy puts at market open lol
[deleted]
I guess you are the autistic one.
Yea market opens at 9:30 it’s 8:43 EST
Everyone liked this
I live in Europe and I missed the close 5 days out of 5 because of this stupid thing that for a week there are only 5 hours of difference.
Did trump really said he’s gonna fire fauci? Duh....muricans really deserve the covid spread
barely down considering.. we're consolidating till election
Just placed a order for 11/13 37c hope it fills right away. Probably selling it at 9:45 if it fills
If I knew I probably wouldn’t be here
its closed for a holiday today
Market cap doesn’t matter in 2020
[removed]
Yeah it’s a joke
AMZN gonna be under 3k at open
Fucking daylight savings confusing the fuck outta me. I’m in Arizona and we don’t do that shit.
Still time young bull still time 🌈🐻
Yep we are living in a massive bubble with every single company being valued at at least 20x their actual worth
Hug
thoughts on SEDG and PYPL earnings?
I’d like to see SNAP plummet today
https://imgur.com/a/GDyTW3q

this is half of my position, other 400 in robinhood account. Will keep u updated in an hour lol
[deleted]
Oh it matters because people can dump their calls and reload on puts
You sir, are retarded
This guy is right
Probably the cheating comment. He's shown the desire, but I'm not going to worry about it until it happens. It would require massive preparation, coordination, and secrecy. Not this administrations strongest trait.
No answer yet. Am I going to have to resort to urban dictionary and have hr involved again!
The best piece of advice from green autists like me: do not ever bet on futures.
Yessir
It’s pretty sad watching Apple get caught between US and China. I think the pain is just beginning with Chinese consumers voting with their wallets.
I had the same question. I think it’s daylight savings??
I don’t think we’ll get a clear winner by tomorrow I’ll be honest.
Wasn't it just like 24 hours ago bears were saying people were retarded if they bought calls on Friday?
Yeah but how the fuck am I supposed to know u don’t know that I don’t know that u live on an island ur such a fucking idiot bro
As we learnt in april, lockdown is great for all things tech. Europe gonna lock down for 6 weeks, but they can still click ads on facebook on their iphone.
Bears sleeping in today lol
They say it won’t but it will
Anyone know what AMC’s stock sale is priced at?
who the hell is trading with a watch that needs manual adjustment?
Right here
Want an EV company with no vehicles that went for 23% daily gains? Check out FSR. 

Fisker. Like from that childish gambino song.
What's the opposite of guh?
Imma permabull but there's no way Vix goes down 2 days early unless MMs magically know the results of the erection. Wait till at least power hour to go long
why isnt market on tastyworks open ?
is it a holiday or something ?
Gotta be too late for nio right... no way this thing should have a 45B mc
funny, people here were thinking that last friday too
This, now
Woah nio wtf thats insanse
I think that particular answer was more relevant for 2016 elections. This time around, perhaps more people somewhat realise the real life damage, incompetent person in lead of America can actually cause, all the way from economic to the health and lives of people.
And how would u explain why the market is still closed to those morons
It’s actually tomorrow. Kanye won the election 🥳
I had Feb calls, sold them at ~3 dollars for 80%. They're ~9 dollars a contract now lol
NIO delivers 5k cars....+12% pre market.  40 billion market cap...
I can afford a better car than the Japanese econobox I drive, but if I bought one I’d have less money for stonks

Positions: long MSFT COST TSLA
It's overpriced af. Now MSFT is different thing. That should be at least 220 rn
Ppl with different or no daylight savings I guess
They gonna print hard
No fucking clue what this is supposed to mean.
Have some expiring 11/6, might sell today
Here comes the pump or dump time only moment that matters 9 o’clock
camo from walmart so I blend in
Zing!
wow market moved back an hour fuck this shit
daylight savings guh
Ah...you can apply to have your payments deferred for 120 days. So no money coming in. They are saying 10 billion hasn’t been paid or couldn’t be paid or partially paid.
I wonder how many spy puts gonna get shakes out today to only regret it Wednesday
Worth 175k. Unreal
Wow My NIO 31c gonna print
I don’t get it. Do people still have old fashioned clocks or something? The time is literally in the top corner of your phone. How retarded is you?
Hopefully Cuckerberg brings the stonk back up to 282.50
Man going in 110-120 strike leaps is not a bad idea imo, i went in further otm friday but its 2022 leaps
and the fucking bears were screaming Circuit Breaker!! last night lmao
Damn this is why I’m a retard
I remember when I was a gay bear
I’m seeing stars right now. I’m going to be so rich
I hate sand
Not when you’re bag holding FSR! BET MY ENTITE PORTFOLIO IM GONNA BE rich
this, really
Uh um uhm
[removed]
[deleted]
RemindMe! 3 days
Bullshit. They're listed at 0.58 a piece right now which means you wouldve had to buy them all literally 1-3 second from close. 

Ban
Daylings.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Daylight savings' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
You can't even spell you're, obviously you'd be bankrupt lmao
Why are you watching futures when premarket is open?
Arizona/Hawaii people might not
It’s his money,  it I would sell that pretty damn soon.
Daylight savings
Apple and Zon gay af
permafrost
[deleted]
60
It doesn’t matter how we open. It’s how we close
PLEASE SPY 320 eod
I feel sorry for the bulls who thought they were going to have a massive day today :/
i got out of ICLN and TAN last friday at a -50% loss =\[ so many other stonks we can put our money in, i dumped it all in NIO leaps
Apple should be at least at 120. change my mind
Options are just insurance that goes both ways. I wouldn’t buy calls on my car, but I’ve got full coverage puts against it.
Considering shares but leaps would bring more gainz
it rocks here. It was getting dark at 4:45. It's nice to have the sun for an extra hour at night, before winter sets in for real and we wave gbye til march.
Soo stonks go up again?
Is that bad? Idk what a deferral program is
I myself hold currently 29 different assets between my local market and us market, but I have some positions with much larger position size than others (some holdings are like 16-20% others 1-3%)
Can someone explain to me what podracing is?
What.
Of course there are retards out there that think the market should be open right now.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Enthusiasm gets people up and to the polls. After mail in voting, I don’t think many Dems showing up to the polls. Could be wrong though!
I was told we would open red as fuck....
Still holding puts through Wednesday
Thanks bro good luck today 😎
Gay bears are fucked but that doesn’t mean we’re not happy. 🌈 🐻
HRTZ
And how the fuck would I know u live on an island u fucken moron? 😂😂😂 bahahhahaha u so dumb
Goddamn I forget luxury items don’t get good interest rates. And yeah for that type of work it makes sense to buy one. I interviewed with with a road builder out of school about 10 years ago that was in the Permian Basin. The guy hiring me said his wife lived back in Dallas and he just bought a little travel trailer to stay in during the week because he wasn’t making oilfield money and even in Andrews, Texas apartments were going to $1200/month for 600SF. Glad I dodged that bullet. 

Hopefully y’all can get something for it when it comes time to sell.
Volatility is back baby
Anyone waiting till 10:30 to buy nio calls?
Why is the market still  closed?
How the fuck are we pumping rn
Thats why it was changed. To confuse people like you
Gonna be up only 1% at the top of the hour
People deferring payments. Rent payments, mortgages, etc. it’s a covid thing but that’s a lot of money to be late on
[deleted]
RH didn’t do the time change. The market it ours for an hour fellas
Just have one recession and *end it*
Daylight savings time -_-
If tomorrow gives us a clear winner with a matching senate, 3500 EOW
The future is now old man
That is absolutely contrary to how algos work. Algos work off history and they force it to repeat itself. Hence why there are support and resistance levels 

Like Msft $200
[https://i.ibb.co/S08rXqZ/image.png](https://i.ibb.co/S08rXqZ/image.png)

SPX boop
We don’t do that here
Tbh I’m amazed that CNBC has a dude that just makes clips of TV recordings all day and posts throughout the day lmao. Where can I sign up to do that
Bro, the market is going to open basically 1% up. Where have you been all weekend as us degenerates argued back and forth about fucking futures?!?
Uhhhh am I missing something?
Less than 100 :)

Deferral programs would only reflect the last 6 months. But to go from anywhere to 100% is a lot. 

But just remember you get 120 days and then it comes due going into more lockdowns.
Is this green gonna get fuked at open?
You may be sick. Seek help my friend
It is nice to meet a fellow autist who understands the true potential for quantum mechanics.  I have a similar plan for creating an AI GOD.   Let the many worlds churn through all possible combinations of code, until it stumbles upon the one with infallible intellect for finding tendies.  It shall be the one to guide us.
Whoever told me to hold my NIO 05/21/21 $35 call last week even though I was up 30%...THANK YOU.
[deleted]
Biden wants to force people to register their firearms and magazines to a database at $200 for each gun and magazine. It's on his website.

I don't think gun stocks will pop that much because people don't want to buy a gun and then throw down $600 more on registration.
Every stonk is doing shit premarket compared to futures and Gyna stonks
[deleted]
Did they film this at your house?
false, anyone with eyes knos nio has been a buzzy stonk for months (i bought at 5.50, 10.50, etc/) this mofucker will crash tho
Br land - us markets used to open at 10:30 local now its 11:30 local
Mondays are always green 🤣 I guess China’s lawn is even greener.
I wish some of my other bets were more diversified, so I can’t beat myself up too much. I was also super deep in PTON but didn’t lose too much because I was diversified
That’s good DD
There’s the classic censorship from the left. I was replying to political comment haha
Finally paid my 2019 taxes. Calls on IRS.
cause chyna
If you wanna go that long term, why not shares ?
It’s not me but my friend bought $10,000 worth of NIO when it was $2.04.... he still holding...fucking incredible
*50
[removed]
YES!
Proof or BAN
The return of the 🥈🏄🏻‍♂️
Does your huawei phone not update time on it own or what. What year is this that people still can’t update to DST.
Volume is super low we are melting down buy your puts 🌈🐻
Fucken cry about it you lil bitch u still made money, weeehhh thinking about $ROPE when u made money can’t imagine when u lose
Europoor here, changed time a few weeks ago
Cnbc dogging trump as much as they
Daddy chill
Biden already shutting down the market.
Sell eod lmao
[deleted]
It’s always amusing to see what intelligent responses you get from emotional leftist children.
for the past 6 months, I was long CWH and took nothing but L's. For this earning I went short and now it's up 10%. I might be cursed
Need Tsla to go above 400.

Why is it doing so shit premarket?
Anyone else notice that freakishly odd VIX fluctuation. If you don’t think fuckery is going on, I’ve got a bridge to sell you
Futes fading 👀
Im trying to go farther out
Camo and setup big circle traps for the hogs
I always thought of it as the opposite. A put is a form of insurance
Opposite is true if I am short
You can roll
Arizona checking in, forgot about day light savings, still checking at the same old time. Suffering depression as I wait another hour for my Nio $31 11/13 to be big and green
[deleted]
[deleted]
The 15 mins before open should be interesting
NIO
I went all in and bought 1000 contracts of Call NIO $35 11/6 for 0.58 apiece last Friday. Buying myself a Tesla after today hahahahaha
Any specific reason orrr
Tried buying emini crude last night and E*TRADE power app gave an error and said position limit for contract is zero.  Worst case is one...wasn’t shorting it either.  Instead i just played
Silver and gold as always
Don’t play today.
You can't even tell the difference between "has never happened" and some bullshit a politician has no intentions on following through on at some indeterminate point in the future, so maybe you shouldn't call other people retarded, or pretend to understand when something is unconstitutional.
I sold everything thursday. Bought back a small position Friday when it went down. I wish I just didn’t sell in the first place =[
Lol hell na
This pump would worry me in normal hours but pumping pre market takes almost no volume so it’s really not a big deal
Americans are so dirty and cheaters they even manipulate time.

Market manipulation confirmed
Software engineer here. Shoot me a message if you want some help!
“Literally cannot go tits up”
Huh? Where are you at?
Im a Smart europoors. US opens in 55 mins, I’m selling my Nio stuff rn.
That’s how I was feeling too until I finally decided to say fuck it and dropped 40k on it last week
TX more likely to flip than FL
“The markets hit a circuit breaker at 9:30 and we have delayed open for another 30 mins!-DELTAONE”
Voters are going to take Trump out back to be put out of his misery with the same melancholy that they would a favorite pet when it goes lame.
whats the play?
[removed]
dont be, u bought top
Daylight savings time is just another method of MMs fucking the shit out of us
[deleted]
Ok boomer
Flair checks out
Well I think the overwhelming sentiment, is the majority of people are dissatisfied with career politicians in general. I think that trump, while bombastic and aloof, resonates with many Americans especially the working class. Now in terms of accomplishments over the past years, that list would be too long to type out. 

The election was meant to be a referendum on trump, however since aligning with radical leftist Kamala, I believe many people were turned off by the dem ticket.
Diversifying lowers your returns and makes it more market-like. Which for most people is ok since they make bad bets, but for those aiming for 10x more their current portfolio it is a bad strat
I suggest 18/12 or 15/01 cause they have new models coming in January among other things
Red white and BLUE
Your clock is spoilt bro it's 8.30 now
It wouldn’t be a Monday if bears weren’t fuk
You can still trade htz?
Very sad about all the calls i sold the past week at a loss.
Tsla
You retards gamble thousands of dollars on busted ass companies every day. Scour charts looking for a fart’s wind worth of DD. 

But yet, you can’t be bothered to look at your fucking phone/computer that automatically updates the time. Maybe you should sit out a few plays.
NIO $35 11/6, bought 1000 contracts last Friday at 0.58 hahaha
I got so used to the 12 hr time difference
All the people wondering why market is not open have never held a job in their lives.
FB is safer bet considering the Chinese ev sales released today.
Its a win-win
Seriously me too. I need to stop being like that
what are y’all wearing to the civil war tomorrow?
Yikes.. these are the people trading in today’s market... we are all fucked
You guys are trading stocks and you don't know how to adjust your fucking watch? You truly are autistic.

SP500 to 500 EOD
Holy fuck you’re right!
Where’s my NIO gang at? Cannot believe it’s up another 12%
iPhones
You pay both. Twice. You think this casino is free to play??
And looks like I was right
Peru here reporting
Do it stupid
.... you belong here at least
Nobody tell him
🤣
Do not purchase any options anytime soon if you do not know this answer.
2022 easy
Or the bulls an exit point?🤔
Europoors locking down again = less gas bought.
Delisted.
slicEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
\+1
[removed]
[deleted]
They cannot stop me losing money! I'll just go play poker for the next hour.
I thought that Biden was against legalizing weed?
Either I’m having a stroke, or my tiny smooth brain is tingling from the energy drinks. Feels good either way

Red Bull, the official drink of 🌈🐻 gang 🚀🚀
Yea I agree. Only reason we got one is the wife is working a pipeline job and a camper is less expensive than an apartment plus easier to follow the work.  I would say it’s more expensive because boats are ok wktb water, campers roofs fail with no upkeep after like 2 years and once it’s moldy inside... there is no coming back. 

Other than that, yea it’s a money hole. The loan officer even said y’all know this isn’t an investment but a money hole.

What’s crazy is they offered us a 280 month loan at 5.1% “which is amazing for our age according to them” on a 72k camper.   That’s 41k in interest if we make the bare minimum.... which I can’t believe anyone would do that.
Chadaq so wack
ehhhhh that's how I ended up homeless the first time
This is not r/investing weirdo.
Sike
Yea.  You pay all the prices.
what the hell even is that
Godspeed on catching the next one
I’m thinking 12/18 $310s. Doubt we have a winner declared before Thanksgiving, so IV is going to stay elevated.
For the retards who thought it was 9:30 you should lose money just for that
Why is there a time change for stocks today? Shouldnt it be 9:30 by now?
Very happy about the 1300 Nio shares I bought last week
TrUmP 4 MoRe yEars.... You dumb drooling fuck, haha
It's never too late brother
NIO is going to get ruined by this place and RH traders. It’ll be FOMO to hell and back and then crash like no other right after
[removed]
Nothing😂
christ, that's me. Lmao.
The most retarded thing about the time change in the US is being in an Asian country that doesn’t do DST and having to stay up even later to trade. Fuck
That or the dude just lives in central time and forgot to set back the clock
You dumb mother fuckers really don’t know how Daylight Saving works? Be patient, y’all will lose your money in an hour
Buy oil, alcohol, and parking. Hold it for a year and then look at your portfolio.
When does the market reopen?
Nio jan 2022 or 2023 40s? Which one?
Benzinga Pro
It's 8:33am now on the East coast, wait another hour
nerd
Mods ^ ban this fuck. I got 15 days for less
Haven’t checked futures but am assuming bears r fuk
Nothing, sit and wait
Good point
[deleted]
market opens in 57 min
Fuuuck as an australian now I have to stay up even later to play autism game
Good question. Daylight savings dumb asf
Daylight savings. Wait another hour
Lol raise your hands if you forgot about the damn daylight savings... See you nerds in an hour
They actually have a product and not a brand
This Nio short squeeze is just like TSLA. But even bigger in percentage gains. From $1.19 to $35 in less than 12 months
Lol
NIO thank u for reviving my profile from the dead TSLA battery day
What do I buy if I don't know what the market will do?
And you dont even have to ask twice, you can have my heart or we can share it like the last sliceeeeeee
Nvidia looks like a good company to buy puts for
Writing monthly strangles here
Y’all asking what time market opens are genuinely retards huh?
Htz to the moon? Please?
“Bears are coming.”
Sideways
Is Donnie bringing us a bag this week?
I am taking this green open as a chance to sell. I don't want to know what this week is going to do to me
Need a PT upgrade to keep the NIO pump
Enthusiastic votes count the same as others.
[deleted]
Will the result be announced tomorrow?
Wtfffff market closed I’m a west coast man
Not trapping me this time
Smh I have to stay up 10:30pm to 5am cuz of this daylight savings shit
lol, who got trapped into the HTZ pump? Show yourself
It doesn’t matter at all who wins. Portland, Seattle, Philly are going to be rioting Tuesday night. It’s their hobby there.
11/06
Its gonna go down some, but probably not much. It has earnings coming up the day after elections, so any downward movement due to elections will be muted, and any upward movement will be accelerated.

If I had to make a guess, i'd say 305 EOD today, 302 at open tomorrow, 315 by Nov 5th pre-market.
What we doing today
There is not a single person in this country that can't use the postal system in 2020. Quit spreading fake news.
Why the sudden change
wtf is the market open? My webull and Robin Hood are stuck in pre market?
Because markets open at 930 Eastern time and it’s only 830
I have lost all hope
[deleted]
What is it exactly about Trumps years in office, that has lead to all the enthusiasm? Genuinely asking.
Sentiment is still bearish for the short term. MMs just giving the bears an entry point to short.
To what time?
50
Nio slow down let us get in
Did we go forward or backward?
^100%
Except we’re not saving daylight. It gets dark like at 5 now smh
CIRCUIT BREAKER, 30 mins until open guys, sorry
Isn’t it 10:30 lol
“WhY iS mArKeT nOt OpEnEd”
Omg daylight savings...
what happened to HTZ? has it finally.....
Not true, SPX has changed by +1%
You’re a genius! I’m rich now thanks!
I tried to tell these retards that since Friday. Buy as much oil as you can.
NIO on a tear!
Fuckin degenerate gamblers forgetting the clock lmao
Time change
Man, I’ve got several friends with campers and they’ve always seemed like a slightly less inconvenient version of a boat. Just something your always having to spend money on and barely get to use.
Hold and buy any dips
&#x200B;

Lube or no lube?
Why didn't we open @ 8.30???
It’s 8:31 est right now
Fuckers told me to “diversify my portfolio” but if I had just kept my original strategy of going all in on NIO I’d be so rich rn
51/49
Daylight savings...? It’s not 9:30 EST yet lol
Fuck I was actually watching them like a hawk for a month 🤦🏻‍♂️
Daylight savings
GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS
Ban
Remember fellas to get ready for COVID round 2, central bankers are going to FUCK the middle class this winter, get ready to be showered with cash and load up on calls sometime this month when fed bailout round 2 begins :)

We've already hit some crazy ass stagflation where I'm at, and I am expecting it to get a lot worse.
[deleted]
Who else forgot about the clock :D?
Market not open yet?
novemBOAR don't even worry about it B)
Seriously - NIO is about to be the new 'it' stock of 2021. "blah blah blah" fundamentals. Doesn't matter when the boomers and late movers start fomoing in.
Time change
Who cares?
no seriously

what do you think odds of us dumping at open are?
It is true - your contracts will go to 0.01 because of your retarded positioning, there will be a bit of a reversal the next day, and then the calls will go to 0.03 for 200% gains! But you won't sell because you're a real autist that holds beyond expiry.
Should I switch my VXX calls to VIX calls? Not sure which one is better honestly
Ban
Yep. Most people started selling 2 weeks ago. No body who is looking to sell, waits till day before. This is only tanking more if the election doesn't have a clear winner.
Lol created prison reform? Did you even read the first step act?
$40’s
Good thing Merkel’s gone after 2021
[deleted]
TSLA literally 10x better than NIO
✨Tax Deductions✨
May whatever my 400$ can afford lol
Why is it not open? Oh wtf, a time change?
You sound like the guy who had the nasa employee give him the facts on #realflatearth
[deleted]
Weeklies .10 calls x100
You know jack shit obviously and absolutely no one asked you to post waffling TA in WSB.
LLLLLOOOOK AT THIS GRAPH
Fuck her and fuck you
How many fucking times does it need to say Germany’s Merkel ffs
ok
It's a joke chill
I bought 31K worth of May 40Cs last Friday. Jans or later seems like a good idea right now based on how it is moving.
Bye Bye HTZ.
Bro I was watching that shit when it was $2, tell me about it
Happy Cake Day!
How far out for nio calls
Inverse WSB tattoo aged well
YES BABY

should give us a nice bounce up to cash out
Plot twist: there isn’t a large enough swing to cover IV either direction until at least Thursday after the panties-in-a-bunch crowd sells for a loss.
At this rate it could hit 40 eod 🚀
This^
Hahah
Solid DD, im in
The pain
Lol
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323249463083831297?s=20

>GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS THERE ARE SOME DOUBTS, SCEPTICISM AND REJECTION OF CORONAVIRUS RESTRICTIONS  
>  
>GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS AT LOWER TEMPERATURES CORONAVIRUS REACTS DIFFERENTLY, MORE AGGRESSIVELY  
>  
>MERKEL SAYS WE HAVE POSITIVE PROSPECTS FOR CORONAVIRUS VACCINE BEING APPROVED IN COMING MONTHS  
>  
>GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS I CAN'T SAY LIFE LIKE BEFORE CORONAVIRUS WILL HAPPEN AGAIN IN DECEMBER  
>  
>GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS WE WILL PROBABLY HAVE TO LIMIT CONTACTS BETWEEN PEOPLE IN PRIVATE FOR ALL WINTER MONTHS  
>  
>GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS THE LIGHT AT END OF TUNNEL IS QUITE FAR AWAY
you can scale money as high as you want to go with SPY.  SPX can do hundreds of thousands in dollars easily.  My goal is to do one trade every 2 weeks.
x to doubt, the trump fanatical cultists literally have armed militias going around cities where protests are happening
2 minutes to open baby!
Got downvoted last night for saying green by open 😂
Bought a 5th wheel from them this weekend. Impeccable service
MARKET OPEN!!!!!!!!!!
Biden lead hahah. Buddy there is no enthusiasm behind Biden. It’s not going to be close! No one is excited to be voting for Biden. Trump 4 more years buddy.
Just long amazon they're free money in pandemic times, espc going into christmas
We are just businessmen doing business.
Sell baba at open and rebuy after elections or keep holding that bitch?
What NIO calls y’all fomoing in at open? January 40C?
Somebody posting this chart to Reddit was already priced in last week
I mean I expect blm antifa riots as well, but I'm not sure what to expect from the proud boys standing by
yus
What's the typical amount, tho?
43
Jesus this market loves making suckers. Going to sleep until meh 11 so it will finally plummet like know it will. I was going to buy more puts at open, but I’m tired and I don’t feel like watching this stupidity for another hour.
Thank you!
GERMANY'S MERKEL SAYS THE LIGHT AT END OF TUNNEL IS QUITE FAR AWAY
[deleted]
Today. Street high target 33, boomers gonna start sellin today 😂
The main deal with the aapl is the brand loyalty and the services (app store + extras) they are implementing, they just launched apple one an idea to milk their customers just a lil bit more which imo is a great idea
They already are. Ammo is hard to find too
Camping world up 10% 

And they told me no more earnings plays till after the election

“Therefore I laugh at you, with my laughter of the heights”
Holy fuck and they call me retarded.
Where ever there are the most Trump supporters
Google please... ffs
[deleted]
Ye but I got in friday
DONT PANIC, EVERYTHING IS FINE
Sold my all NIO calls last Thursday at the 32 level.  Was feeling pretty clever figuring to get them back after a bleed down this week.  Now I am on my way to the Home Depot to invest in some $ROPE.
Or it's a hedge for a much bigger bet
Rip American tech. Time to instal WeChat
Hoping for a +2% SPY close today. After second half of October, new month, Biden lead, a bit of hope for the future, a bit of a DCB could happen, maybe.
The news of increased lockdowns in Europe.
good lord are you in for some pain before your ban.
I will be messaging you in 1 day on [**2020-11-03 13:26:42 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-03%2013:26:42%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlilml/smile_bitch/gaw6h0g/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjlilml%2Fsmile_bitch%2Fgaw6h0g%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-03%2013%3A26%3A42%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jlilml)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
I made 500% Friday with debit spreads. So yes. Harder to get fills so need to either expire ITM or sell for like 2-5% under the midpoint of bid and ask. But trades going against you fall much slower so I feel it’s easier to manage risk also. Do your research and best of luck!
The cynicism I’ve cultivated over the past 8 months is now the cornerstone of my personality. So good luck, bots, you can celebrate without me.
I’m thinking weeklie SPY puts...🤔
Done
Flipacoinmyguy
GLD 06/2022 300c reporting in for duty
NIO to 40
Way to not sell at 590, Retard
Trevor Milton for President 2024
def is tbh this market is hella dumb nothing can tank it tbh. Convinced we gon need 200k cases a day for them to shut things down and even then market will probs still pump cause "stonks only go up"
Not confident...2 weeks it has been toasted...
Lol NIO is gonna be meme’d into the mid 40s isn’t it
Imagine making the same comment for 5 months
🤡🤡🤡🤡
Lol.
Hope you aren't waiting as long as AAPL and TSLA bagholders
Depends on who wins
CNBC
Gonna get some shares at 9am in case lol
I remember those ‘09-‘17 years. Democrats definitely made it harder to buy guns. 

Democrats are the best thing for gun sales. Always have been.
[deleted]
!remind me 1 day
Will probably allow people to FOMO into calls for about 4-5 minutes before taking it back down
I've made it before its really good
Yeah it's overvalued, but do you know what SaS means?
Lol. Keep following the crowd.
Daddy Donald better win
So what's the deal with AMZN price in the interm, what do you think? Is it just overpriced and won't move at all, possibly with even more downside since guidance wasn't pristine for q4?
source?
[deleted]
Idk New York never riots as much as I expect.
Pls pls create a post on how to file 2 bankruptcies in less than 10 yrs!  absolute insanity on the puts price.
Where my Silver leap heads at?
Trump supporters won’t be violent. It would be the other way around
Sometime in the spring people thought pure chaos was eminent (food shortages, no jobs and inflation) so they stock up on guns and ammunition.
Pfizer is suppose to announce results in Nov. Would be interesting timing.
Hold strong fellow RKT man.
Lol.
Uvxy done? Or coming back tomorrow?
Ask the same question but other way around
I mean, when you buy puts, you want the underlying stock to die, so it is diffe...

Oh...
When NVDA making a comeback? I want out of my shares. Bought at $180, but I’m greedy and want that ATH back. Or close.
It looks like cheap puts is on the menu for today
The volatility is implied.
I think I’m out of my ICLN and TAN positions, if trump wins probably we get a dump, if Biden wins then trump won’t surrender easily and stocks in general drop
What the fuck is this man, go to r/stocks or something. The "investors" there will be able to help you. We are r/wall street bets, and we are "traders" all we know is "stonks go up" and "buy high sell Low" now gtfo and get some help man
[deleted]
It would be nice if CLX pulled a SNAP.
[deleted]
I was thinking of Tory on Litty with meek mill thought the exact line is 

> Niggas be talking 'bout my hair line
I laugh about it, I be feelin' them
See, we both be making M's
They be making memes, I be making millions
Can somebody do a powerpoint from all the screenshots of cocky bulls?
[deleted]
If someone puts that much on puts they know more than you about what's coming up
correct
NIO pullback a little at open, then go all in right?
LA definitely pro riots
lmao people gonna want to buy the dip but there ain't no dip to be bought
SQ holders. How do we feeeeeel
I think I will stay away from fisker. But then again, this market makes no sense.
Everytime NIO pumps 1% more Im salty I didn’t get deeper
Lol that just sounds flat out retarded
If youre white you get approved no matter what
Robert Schiller's Financial Markets course at Yale goes over insurance and relates insurance to options.
Why did crude dump of the Dow is up
So nvm to the apple calls?
NIO to 37
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323252568471048192?s=20
Bro hasn't heard of max pain, market makers play games tard
Absolutely fucking retarded, you're in the right place.
“Wow this election is chaotic, for sure we will sell off this week”

If everyone actually feels that way they didn’t hold till now to sell. You sell before you think things will get bad

I honestly think this shits priced in
LA maybe one of the big cities in Texas too
[removed]
Without the $2k you’ll likely have to blow your lawyer. It’s really not that bad, the taste will be out of your mouth in only ten years .. then you will be in a position to start over and blow your next bankruptcy lawyer, and so on.
>Despite the fact that this has literally never happened

This is how I know you're retarded.

https://www.reddit.com/r/NOWTTYG/comments/jm9bus/joe_biden_as_president_ill_ban_assault_weapons

Unconstitutional assault weapon bans in numerous states.
wsb went short
How much will NIO moon? The world may never know..
ligma balls
imagine thinking JPOW gives a shit as to what would make 🥭look good
NIO keeps mooning, save some for the day
That stew is going to be ass if it calls for 2/3 of a bottle... unless you’re making it for like 10 people?
Yes TSLA’s been meme’d out.  NIO will be the next great swing trade pump stock
wouldn't puts be good? or do you think the algos will be the only ones trading and end up taking the market parabolic? Orrrr do you just mean money wont really be worth anything, so even though your puts return 1m % it wont mean shit?
Looks like another great day to smoke kush
[deleted]
I’ve got a couple shares, I have to think business went up during a pandemic given their business model.
Optimism that things will be more certain sooner than later.
Selloff at open?
If you think for a second the bears have surrendered you would be mistaken wait till market open and if we hold I’ll with draw...
-j cole


Like 5 years ago or something
As of right now yes
Yes, but I forgot about Dead Cat Bounces.
Smart move! Continue holding & enjoying those gains. I’m thinking about buying some more
Yea but I might tho
Dead as fuk
“StoCkS rIse On pResiDential EleCtionS”
For sure. Best of luck! If you sell at the right time (most) everything can print
gun to my head i'm still not sure that i could properly explain the VIX
> bullish (15:21:44) SlimyMarvin:  BULL TRAP!  
> bearish (15:21:50) PocaMadre69:  I feel bad about my puts

Seems about right.
Yes
someone came in your coffee
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Priced in to what? Name a stock ticker for fucks sake. point to a fucking part of the market. You're asking a vague  question.
>25k cars in their existance.

as of july 2020 they were at 10429 on the year.

[https://ir.nio.com/news-events/news-releases/news-release-details/nio-inc-provides-october-2020-delivery-update](https://ir.nio.com/news-events/news-releases/news-release-details/nio-inc-provides-october-2020-delivery-update)
You’re invited to the orgy. It’s a Jordan Belfort’s house that I’m house sitting at
TO NIO OR TO NOT NIO?!
Just checked premarket and I think I’m about to fail No Nut November
Ban. You're partly right but also very wrong.
> Some niggas make millions. Others make memes.

-Tory Lanez
If Biden wins you want to buy gun stocks. Sales always go thru the roof when a democrat is in office.
Is NIO better than TSLA
Didn't you say that today would be bloody (Referring to your last post) if no vaccine news this weekend?
Market is up a lot. Looks like another red day for RKT
if he that much to waste, either he's going to be WSB famous or him and others have the power to make that profitable
imagine thinking JPOW would let SPY go below 330 on election week.
Later. Futures are up
There really is no more unless it’s bad. Going to be next year.
Look it up you retard as of july 2020 they were at 10429 on the year. Do you guys know that you cant go from making 50k cars to 500k cars in a year? You realize you dont make cars solely in excel spreadsheets and Microsoft powerpoints?

This market will either crash and we can in a few years go back to blowing bubbles or stagnate over the next 10+ years. Buying in this market is nothing but a game of hot potato where you're banking on there being a dumber motherfucker than you willing to buy your "share" of a company that doesnt make a profit at a higher price.
Fuck stick? This guy fucks 30 times a day
[deleted]
NIO is dope as fuck but i see you Fisker. Buying leaps at open
JESUS VINNY I SAY WHEN WE SELL
NIO has been the one company that I've actually been reading up on frequently. Definitely not too late, this is a long term investment. Grab some leaps and shares and you'll be good to go!
Worthless
Bruh I think vxx wont go that high even if they drop a Boeing on the white house
Anyone else got the adidas email:

"The biggest drop is tomorrow" 

Buy puts
Remember, it's better to wait if you're unsure than to make a dumb play and lose it all.
You could have the cops beat you to death
Good stuff man.
1) use futures to bring a false sense of complacency

2) take advantage of elevated IV at open to dump positions

3) watch retail bag hold all the way
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s a phone and computer company. Shouldn’t be worth nearly as much as it is in the first place
change your name
I sold my puts and bought calls around 2:30, and I’m super suspect of this pump. I had a feeling today would be heavily manipulated - but didn’t expect to see spy back at 330. It’s still an hour from open though, and I’m worried about a full tilt sell off by 10:30
To be fair it’s BAC and not JPM
profit is profit + not too late to get back in. this thing has a lot more potential
Imagine if they drop vaccine news today
You must be a very pleasant person to be around. Goodluck and goodbye brother!
priced in 🤪
I feel bad about my puts - i feel worse for that guy that placed a $5 or $6 million on SPY 315p 11/6's
[removed]
Any meme that uses Seinfeld is the real winner. Updoot.
Bets on which cities riot? I expect Portland and Philly to lead the charge
This pump is as fake and gay as the mods
BULL TRAP! what has changed between now and last week? NOTHING
Y’all put more thought into edging than you do into hedging and it shows..
[deleted]
Get your jaw a limbered up.
I'm making beef stew before I go out to the mountains today so im drinking red wine at 6am cuz the recipe for the stew only calls for 2/3 a bottle
Good morning WSB
/u/savethisvideo
Yea I don't expect it to get to 50 but do expect my calls to print
Use this pump to sell and get out. It will dump into tomorrow, and possibly crash.
I mean it’s been almost to those levels before. If there’s a blue victory it’s entirely possible tbh
>I'm glad I got NIO at $26, but my UVXY calls are still fucked rn

I originally bought shares of Nio at 8, and sold for a 10% profit. I hate myself.
Lmao, again gl it’s mooning pre market already lmfao
Why is that?
They are gonna shoot up and make us chase. 100%
Just tank the market it’s simple
R WE DUMPING?!
LOL
Did you read the 10Q bro. Earnings were actually quite good, plus on top of that apple launched apple one on Friday so no, it probably isn't dead.
Pretty bad
😂😂 what?
Pretty good thanks.
So did we get a vaccine pump or what?
FeelsBadMan.exe
F
Bank of America (BAC) – Bank of America said nearly $10 billion of its consumer loan portfolio was in a deferral program as of Oct. 21.

Everything is fine
IBKR
[deleted]
Yeah but that’s crazy high on the vix for something a portion of people are expecting 

To get that high on the vix you have to have a surprise drop

So you need like mango to bolt with the nuclear codes or something on that level that would register as a surprise for everyone
[deleted]
It was almost 326 when I bought around noon on Friday
Certain types of handguns good for concealed carry have been hard to find for months. Ammo also in short supply.
Hahahaha.
?
I’ve been better, thank you.
[deleted]
https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323249526916997120?s=19


Bulllllissshhhhhhhhhh



*futures are really killing my vibe rn*
[removed]
Chocolate covered peanuts
[deleted]
I’m no longer telling anyone I know how I’m doing in the market, or even that I’m doing day trading at all. People don’t realize what sort of mental lunacy is involved to convince myself to make the decisions required to make money in the current market, and frankly, that’s for the best. Thanks for being here to talk crap with you lunatics.
I NEED TO MAKE A NAME FOR MYSELF! NOW WHERE DO I START?
Hung chads
Depends on what if does to my folio
Markers.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Market makers' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)
oh for sure, extremely bullish on the long term. my only regret is not hopping on it sooner
fellow SPY put holders, how we feeling?
I sold 11/6 $35 Nio covered calls!! 😭

I don’t want my shares to get called away
Might go up. Might go down. What'd be crazy is if it went sideways.

How much Adderall did you bump to gain this genius insight? And are you using IR or XR.
Jumping into JKS as well
Market makers
Stay strapped
Just got the update - NIO will announce 3rd quarter earnings November 17th AMC. Get in now bois its gonna be hot.

[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-inc-report-third-quarter-080100796.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-inc-report-third-quarter-080100796.html)
Election or Erection?
Yes
if they die before their options expire... shoooore
Really looking forward to Chads... Hanging Chads... Pregnant Chads... calls on $CHADS
You won’t do it
haha thats exactly what I did, sold AMD and bought NIO
You are wrong, the market is based off the guy
Except you then sit in the fucking stall, looking like fucking Smeagle, with the glow of the screen reflecting off of your eyes......only to realize you've been gone too long.... Fuuuuuuuuuck
J.Powell was An imposter. 

#👩🏼‍🚀🔪🐻
Next dip must be close
I know man. I should’ve just transferred more $. I still think there’s a lot to make off em though. I’ll prob hop back in after I sell my contracts today/tomorrow.
Used all of my day trades on Thursday / Friday. Play it safe or risk it for the biscuit
SPY get your dirty ass back under $320
What is MMs?
I had Feb calls from over a month ago. Sold them on the first run up thinking I'm doing the right thing lmao
Can confirm
Picked up some long 31 calls last week, liking them a lot this morning
We come here just to see how many of us have wife’s with boyfriends
There’s unusual option activity for 11/20 90C JKS. Yeah I’m jumping in on that. Fuck it. JKS is wild af.
Tanker gang don't exist
Congrats on the new boyfriend
is UK a stock?
wow i refreshed the page and no comments were added, where is everyone!?
I saw this on r/pennystocks a day ago, guess it still fits
Planning that shit at 8 am? Must be paying for it
Fuck it why not
Apple get left behind hard in pre market. Honestly probably dead for months until next earnings or maybe after
I’ll fucking do it
Guess will do the same today and jump into NIO
Wrong company idiot
Buying more puts
doubt
The next top out will be 60-80k Q2/Q3 2021
If you bought at 325 you may not be totally screwed. Lots of volatility. Lows may get retested.
I'm buying my first nio share today, could've bought at 12 but I was too fucking retarded looking at Tesla. Wish me luck boys
Jesus 280’s. You’re a fucking idiot.
Nvidia struggling to have any stock at all. AMD will eat up that market
ohhhhhh lol wtf bro
[deleted]
Oh so you don’t know where the market is going then? Nostradumbass
You must be so rich seeing as you're the one who knows exactly what the market is going to do
Wym?
Same
I meant, I bought leaps and sold them. I had them for a few days and needed to free up some $ to move into other plays.
Go thatch your roof
not happening unless they cure covid
That’s man. I think I might just grab shares as gay as that is. I can’t afford to miss bad on my next trade
What exp
If we tie it goes flat right?
NCLH extended their cruising until next year, looks mostly priced in, only down 2% but we’ll see at open
It just can't it fucking can't. I'm all in
🤡
I’m finna lose my virginity today
I thought these were vacuum cleaners
If anyone on this sub tells you not to worry and that it’s just money, they’re wrong. That’s all we’re here for. Just come back with more and get better
Nobody cares 🤣
Yawn 🥱
How many times have we seen this story so far
[deleted]
Cruises being suspended further
Best platforms for options trading in the UK?
Man I’m so glad that I bought an ITM 325p 11/2 on Friday fuq
Lol I actually wrote here clx calls and people said to buy shares cause I would get iv crushed 😂😂😂
For everyone asking: It’s not too late for NIO. Just focus on long calls. My $20c been printing nicely
Shut up you nerd
[removed]
The NCLH puts at 16 I sold for last Friday where miraculously saved by that last minute announcement of the BAN lift, and now they say they are gonna extend it.

Talk about exact timing hahaha
Golf cart city
i went balls deep on NIO leaps friday. did i buy them off you??
I'm glad I got NIO at $26, but my UVXY calls are still fucked rn
Damn, that sucks. I only do options. Maybe get a vpn?
We dumping today?
Of course lol. It's been going up for few hours of course there's going to be some downwards trend for a while. All I know is it's going to be green for few hours, it might dip for a while but it'll go/stay up.  


Edit: At market close time or tomorrow is different story. Even I'm waiting for that, to see what happens
Sure thing.
A single data point 40 years ago, under different market conditions, market cap, retail investing environment!
The country is off the cliff
Getting paid 2.5% stock value for an ATM call is pretty nice ngl
Kinda 50/50. This is how it looked last week when the market gapped up. So did NIO from 28-30, then ran to 32. Kinda feeling like we open around 34-35 and run to 37-38. But also moron Stanley said 33 so anything passed that could be seen as ‘take profit’. The move might be to sell calls 🤷‍♂️
Damn well you must be a fuckin billionaire then since you infallibly know what the market is gonna do. Stfu, poor bitch
Bears have been canceled. Thanks for the sign.
You did claim you are smart by saying that me calling you a retard is a stretch, just like your shitty program was (a stretch) by you calling it in app.

That's the only reason I told you to stop trying to be smart. We are all retards here, and so are you. You my friend, are definitely very retarded.

And Jesus Christ, stop this fake humble shit "anyone can code, I am not smart because of that", you nasty, nasty nerd.
damn kang gang
i sold mine for a loss Friday, cant be bothered holding it while theres other stonks to put the money in instead of waiting for it to recover
Why didn’t I put my life savings in NIO a month ago instead of blowing it on other calls
New news? What now
PMs going bonkers
Awesome. Let me know what position you end up taking if you do.
[WSB sentiment 50% bearish/bullish](https://stocks.comment.ai/)

A tie, probably just like the election!
Gangs of roaming marauders murdering fellow countrymen in the streets?

Definitely priced in.
Because he’s posting on this subreddit, he just said that.
This is going straight to the top, isn't it?
All I see is puts on discount
VIX does, not VXX.
EU didn't shut down trade
HAHAHAHA
Likely, as quite a few Q3 tech results have had similar effect. Beat on earnings > dump.
The immediate demise of oil is going to be the most ludicrous narrative of the last year looking back in 20 years. It’s so overblown
Hope y’all got your CLX calls
[deleted]
NIO retard
I swear to God im one of the most bearish people on this sub and everytime i see 1987 I want to fucking die. Not going to happen, so stop looking at the past to predict the future. I'll take my girlfriends horoscopes over your theories
Tanker gang you may rise again.VLCC rates on the move
“Priced in”
Wait until after Christmas
I read somewhere that it usually peaks in October of election years
China needs green vehicles more than any other country.  China is not going to let China fail...
This dip the last chance to munch some calls
Weird, I don't remember writing this comment
Back to BUY BUY BUY

CALLS ONLY GANG, FREE MONEY

Stonks only go up, calls @ open
They will never drive me from pessimism
I'm probably gonna do this. The logic checks out to me.
Same i bought oct puts prime time in aug🤦🤦 sold in september🤡
Who's ready for a flat day
Hands down, there is a 95% chance that people will be shot by braindead "vigilants" tomorrow. Will this incident cause the SPY to drop?
Shall i sell AMD at a loss. I m fed up seing stocks go to the moon and this shit doing nothing 😭
member member?
AAL crashing on cruise news lmao
[deleted]
You got some big ball conviction like Bill man...i still remember his massive short of Herbalife which eventually failed...he even made a sjw style documentary about it for his argument...anyway trying to pick you big dick brain, What do you think about IPOB and Chamath?
Selling my nio leaps has taught me a valuable lesson. Don’t be a pussy.
It's not 87 dude. Im saving this post and get back at you after the election.
Like 80 shares total traded since midnight so it really doesn't mean much.
Dweebs gonna Dweeb.
Lmfao AMC god dam gonna be on the 2 for $2 menu soon
Helps put you ITM on cheaper strikes just put the sell strike as far as possible and they work out for very small gains. I like them as I dont have much money.
Thanks for finally waking up CHWY
Europe blessing us with a dip
Standing on the sidelines jerkin off watching everyone else gettin it in isn’t a good feeling
History can fuck himself in the ass I hate history and all my imaginary homies do too
Contested election with court fights centered around PA. Also the possibility of violence at polling stations complicates things a bit
Still want to buy puts
$35k in personal loan debt + $60k in CC debt + $35k in car loans

Still paying the car loans but defaulted on the other debts (getting collection calls daily). Haven't been sued yet, but jobless atm. Should I file for bankruptcy?
what could go wrong?
Going knuckle Deep in the dip boys 

👉👌🌈🐻✊
That’s the point...
Checking in at 8 am Monday morning - this fucking guy is so hot right now
Word on the street was he was a real bad dude.
Wow they have got a lot of meat on the bone for us bears😂😂
It’s official, no one ever knows what’s actually gonna happen.
[deleted]
Nio 100-200 in 6 months time
The algos have all their sentiment bots out in force trying to make everyone think things are bullish
[deleted]
[deleted]
ZM calls are the only thing I have now in tech that is still green premarket. Barely green though for ZM considering how volatile that shit is. 🤡🤡🤡
EU lockdowns shouldn't matter.  It's not like we do any trade with the EU, or have any citizens moving back and forth between the two countries.
Lol
i yoloed calls friday but didnt have to read a chart to tell me to
Its simpler it goes downies and then big green mf
you're going to have a $ROPE period if you keep up the shenanigans, not that I care
NO IM GONNA GAMBLE IT ALL ON MORE FDS /s
Good. Pray we won't need them except for fun...
[deleted]
So many lines and colours. Me likey 🤤
I mean, don’t stayyyyyy crashed.  Just crash real quick... profit with my puts.... then to the moon!!!
[deleted]
[Nio vs Bears](https://youtu.be/7GSgWzmR_-c?t=27)
shit, hopefully we get some more lockdown announcements today to give us a nice boost up, if were lucky we can get a contested election tomorrow, that should give us a solid path to SPY 360
Nio calls at open or is it to late?
If only trades can be made with hindsight
it’s retarded that you’re in the comics taking credit for a low effort meme you stole
Conservative calls placed Friday at close based on this == a 20% return at open today.

But keep making fun of things you don’t understand, enjoy being poor...
i mean if i were you, i would
no you
bruhh i anticipated good deliveries but i wasn’t sure how market would react so i just got long dated for their run up to earnings. i would definitely recommend taking profits and rolling some over to long dated or something maybe after election if ur comfortable but definitely it looks like it’s gonna be good for next couple months
Way too many people want the market to trade on fundamentals is all.  Unlike you: IQ < 70 and STOCK ONLY UP.
Bears gonna be staring at the bedroom lightbulb tonight.
VXX is 60 day average of VIX futures.
Do you think we’re having full blown civil war?
shiiiii NIO fckn pumping
Got stuck in conversation with wealthy people, they asked me about my avocados, told him never seen avocado flavoured ramen noodles in walmart
Might do that too. Always dips at open. We have to secure those profits
at least a 100$ lotto scratcher agree
Came here just to see all the "why we fading" comments. Didn't disappoint
Yea, I say hold anyway
GUESS WHO’S BACK

BACK AGAIN

DRILL TEAM’S BACK

TELL A FRIEND
Damn this sucks. I’m sure tech is gonna drill at open just to make me more upset lol.
I member
How Obama took all our guns twice 04 and 08
I’m not at all 324 incoming
Ads revenue comes from small businesses and non essential businesses like bars mate-y.
if i were you, i would
Oooh yah I member.
“Become bankrupt responsibly”
What? Pump NIO, that's cool, but don't lower the IQ any further here.
Yeah. You got my upvote.
[deleted]
Shhh Obama already took all our guns, but puts
Will pypl beat earnings and tank? Puts?
[deleted]
Doesn’t vxx show volatility about a month out? So it could be going down, not up?
I have a five day grace period
Buy NIO
ODTE puts is the play here. Idk
I remember looking at NIO at two dollars and thinking it’s a shit company. It’s still a shit company, but I wish I bought it
You’re putting your whole mouth back into the recession!
Since everything is so bullish, all I hope is rkt runs up to at least 26$ .
But Friday was red
I drank my coffee black with a shot of bleach this morning, so technically not black as it bleached the coffee.  1 less case of potential COVID.  DOW 25k!
Yup I see you
ZNGA up 5% premarket. [My DD](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jlnhxk/znga_looks_like_the_best_riskreward_opportunity/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) may not have been that retarded after all.
Oh please and tell me more about the charts and the stars
You're on the wrong sub frand
Maybe wait until after the election, see if it gets contested, if it doesn't then get your discounted puts (in anticipation of continued Covid misery; see 1-month U.K. lockdown).
What is the proverb in Chinese
[deleted]
Because that works in an irrational market. 😂
Nice hope fully my 10 16.5p print today big
Every WeBull pump comment section.
[deleted]
Estimations have been all over the place. Actual earnings expected Nov 3 after hours
Just need...all other tech to follow suit
Not really that much. Especially since the lockdowns don't hit "essential" businesses
Oh,  I didnt know we were /r/cryptocurrency over here
wow man, that's literally dozens of unrealized dollars...sorry to hear that
Wait... I shouldn’t take investment advice from WSB?
this is WSB man, we blindly just buy calls and puts.  It's not gambling, we are just stupid "investors"
In case any of you are wondering why this pump, look at the RSI, it’s been in bullish divergence since last Thursday...

Learn how to read a fucking chart, idiots...
If you *don't* like tendies, buy calls before 11.
Yep, last Friday
Just hold till noon may not be as worthless
NIO premarket volume is unreal over 3mil. No way it doesn't reach 15% by end of day
PJ traders not dumping the market overnight 

Bears at open: Fine, I’ll do it myself
IV crushed. Classic
My only position is vxx 50c 😳
So up or down?  I have up-syndrome and cannot compute results.

Brrrr?
Lmao, sad but true
An election strangle. What would be the breakevens if it is the same trader?
>EU

Are you focking stupid mate? American companies run massive massive businesses in EU, their fockin revenue gets hit mate
pay rent you clown
member
BUY NIO AT OPEN OR WHAT?
[deleted]
They’ve obviously been buying the dip for the last 3 days 😂
🤫 algos listening
While I appreciate the green this morning, tech feels like it’s about to drag us down again. :/
Buying calls at open. Nflx or ZM or TSLA or NVDA. Can't decide.
remember remember the first of september
end game? we still have 5 months til a profitable q4 ER. step up your game
how believably shallow of you
Dude, I been asking myself the same question for a month now and I wanna kill myself. Really thinking about buying the morning dip, but that super-FOMO is what kept me from buying all month ... Hell of a head scratcher.
Sir, this is a wendy's drive through
1dte**
Ban
930, 1110, and 1530
Aside from WYNN, im actually surprised how well casinos have held up through this.  Would have thought they were toast.  Some like PENN are way up past their previous ATH.  Maybe a bit of a bubble in online gambling?  Ive tried to short most of them, but gave up.  I’ll give them credit for hanging in/adapting.
Well I'm not nervous
[deleted]
RKT 🚀 about to moon! 🌙
F
Translation: Retail bought too many puts and now MMs are squeezing them out.
Are you scooping more today?
How the fuck do you hold 0DTE overnight?
You should get outside more
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes
Explains the drop
wait for tmr
So what time does the drilling start? A few minutes after open, lunch, or EOD?
Thanks
Someone pull up a chart where it has the same pattern but moons
Fb green to red. This stupid ass stock
Maybe try and find one of those lawyers that will work for free but gets a large portion of the settlement.
Facebook is red premarket, fuck this bullshit. Cuckerberg
Could go up, could go down. I agree.
This is so cringe to read
GME gang 💪
 https://twitter.com/DeItaone/status/1323249710543634432?s=20 

> \*Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Announces Extension of Suspension of Voyages
Wow this is why we need automod back. The experiment has failed.
Yes!!!!I love waking up and finding out my 324p 0dte are worthless!
“Stop trying to me smart in a degenerate subreddit”



*immediately writes out a novella explaining the python as if anybody gave a fuck*
Hope so
Yes
Did someone say Moon?
The cat bounced. RIP 🐈
Goes up
No way big money stays in this colossal pump into tomorrow.
Lmao. That's fucking stupid
Should I fomo into NIO
This is the reason I never hold overnight unless I’m gambling (1dte or earnings)or holding very long term. You simply cant predict gap ups and gap downs $spy
This aged well
[removed]
Irrelevant bear porn "technical analysis" without context. the 1987 crash was significantly exacerbated by the recent advent of computerized program trading and ultimately led to the creation of circuit breaker rules. not applicable to today, at all. retards.

[https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042115/what-caused-black-monday-stock-market-crash-1987.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042115/what-caused-black-monday-stock-market-crash-1987.asp)
What time is the earnings call for the 2020 US elections? I’m not finding estimated EPS anywhere.
[deleted]
shut up dude
If you fuck up the IV just play it with shares you know.
>Look at the numbers other than fucking share price you fucking morons.

25k cars. sure idiot
Why the fuck would EU lockdowns matter
Ni Hao! Ancient Chinese proverb say “Hidden in a valley beside an open stream- This will be the type of place where you will find your dream.....buy $NIO”
Can someone please bail me out of my 1k I'm losing with their NIO gains please?
So what’s the play if 🥭 gets in? And what’s the play if ☕️ gets in?
Are there any bears in here who aren't nervous?  I've seen this story before when I was a bull crazy pump at open only to fade all day
idk tesla is just, weird in general, it's just gonna do whatever it wants
I meant the other one
I use debit spreads to lower my barrier to entry. Very rarely do I reach max profit. I usually sell at 20-30% profit. Which I would do on a single leg as well. 

Tldr debit spreads should be used to enter a position for a lower cost and doesn't really increase your chances of gains
haha what a wet dream, h ave fun being BONE dry nightmare
You know MM's are just flushing out the bulls with these two pumps.
Yikes. Hope.you sold a long time ago or yet fucked
Wow you're retarded please don't have kids
Partner YOLOing their savings first is a great way to get them attached to you. Just make sure you don't marry until you're also negative.
40*
[deleted]
NIOOOO GOOOO NIIIOOOOO
Looks like those NIO .01 call contracts gonna be printing by eod.
[deleted]
Stonks go up until they don’t
NIO 31C , SPY 325p , VXX 27c. Last two are fuk, dumping them at open
why doesn't it want to break back down through 330? cmon MM's. sell your sheeet
Bears are fucked not only today, but for the rest of the week when civil war fails to develop and the market rallies in response.
You’d have to have a pretty large account for your broker to allow you to sell your long leg and keep your short leg naked. Not saying OP doesn’t have $32,000 for each short put just waiting for this opportunity, but that’s what it would take.
Shhhshhhshhhshhh... just close you eyes man
[deleted]
Np homie bro
i think what lockdowns did fuck the market were in china when shit was breaking the supply chain, ppl being locked down and dying in the US or Europe don't disrupt big international corporations as much, some of it was priced in since cases grew weeks ago in Europe and never stopped group in the US
I didn't claim to be smart nor I need any validation from anyone. I don't think writing some random code (be it python or c or c++) as any sign of intelligence, it's just matter of putting in effort and anyone can write code be it interrupt routine or anything else.
Back in march and april there were socially distanced lines around the local gun stores.
Way too many people actually hoping for a market crash. Fuck you guys
You are also being a political shill on a board the bans politics.
Werd thanks for direct quote homie
[deleted]
Not if you fake your own death and move out of the country for a couple of years. You don't have to pay anything, then.
That’s what made this entire post funny.
K shape recovery, Nio is the upper part, the rest is the lower
Cause that’s when the shit storm starts
It usually dips at open before the daily moon
Pump itttt
Im buying more shares but Im thinking it will pump wens if Biden wins and Ill sell sole CC cause i thinknwe still heading down until a stimulus is pssed
328-329 at open then bounce to 330 right before we SKY FALLLL and then we SKYYY FALLLLL
Oil turning ten yr dropping vix green by open
I'm in EU isn't so easy to do options outside of CFDs
Sold. Might buy back after the opening dip 😍
Imagine trying to time the market. I scooped up those dips last friday, oh no, it goes down again? I just scoop up some more, it's impossible to lose.
[deleted]
As usual, everything that happens before 9am is completely irrelevant
Anyone with a fucking brain and google know that it’s going to go down before, during and after the election. Then it’ll skyrocket. Why fight the obvious? We have fucking years of data and people act as if being a bear or Bull matters. Just pick the right time fucking retards 🤦‍♂️
pay
Done 😁☺️
Ahh excellent DD autist!
what are your positions?
I was about to say that
"+1.18%" just a premarket pump
I have been trying so hard to supress my desire for nio puts as well.
It was decided until January.
Hey its Q2 2020 on the phone, they want to have their info back
Are we really gonna have a reverse of what happened on Thursday pre market? 😂
I speaking on a personal level.  This sub is straight up casino style.
I guess covid lockdowns don’t matter and the election actually isn’t happening judging by these futures
The election was so close, especially in Florida, that recounts were completed.  There was so much controversy over the ballots and how they were being counted that it ended up in the Supreme Court, where the justices essentially decided that bush won.
Fisker is the next NIO
i wouldnt say it cant mean ANY shit but it's definitely not a solid breakthrough at all.
Bears go guh today
✊🏿🐻
No scam bro.  They sell cars, nice cars and increasingly more and more of them.  Growth businesses lose money in their early years (Tesla lost money for a decade before becoming profitable).
wow sub 330 dip getting bought up
Don't steal the account, make him cash it out and give it back to him so he has to pay the taxes.
Lmao I'll be allocating most my buying power Wednesday morning don't worry
Elon worshippers defending tsla over nio is so funny
[deleted]
Bulls breed basTards because they fuck your wife.
With that expiration I’d just wait a few weeks. Your theta can’t be that high, right?
Won't Tesla get pumped way up with a Biden victory?
never thought it would go back even though my friend was like yup
i been thinking about this too this weekend. how is it not luckin coffee 2.0
Still confident?
look... guys... I'm just asking for a 5% drop in the S&P 500 whats the big deal? Stocks do it all the time!
37 by end of day
Look who's trying to take everyone down with their iron hands
It’s a shitpost.. lighten up 🤣
I would be careful here. If Mango looses I can see him pulling all support on the printing press just out of spite.

He has said it on multiple occasions that if Biden wins it will crater the stock market. On one hand I think he wants it high if he leaves office, but he is so petty that I believe he will take it down.

If printing press stops going brrrr what happens. I don't think it will be good, but who knows
All my positions are green. PFE, GLW, GRWG, NIO
You sure lol
Wow I’m actually almost impressed, I meant the shitty wrestling association though.
I’m going to admit that I got overly excited in my 🌈🐻 phase last week but i’m holding because that what a 🌈🐻 does
Well, he did say he was gonna build a wall...
Wait!
No. Nio is a long term play for me.
BIG QUESTION! HOW HIGH IS NIO GOING?
That was the plan. I got dec puts, plan on selling Monday, but wtf it went up to 310 from 304 on Friday.
[deleted]
Ameripoors selling green again
You should be buying spy puts in case we don’t know who wins for months
Put holders would get all the tendies in that situation
TSLA will remain a premier brand, aspirational. NIO will be the Audi to TSLA’s BMW - but how the turn tables in that metaphor means things could get ramped up for NIO fast.
[deleted]
Not make, making.

7 on Snapchat puts from a week ago. & she just barely started. That lil whore’s about to get nasty.
I have calls :) but thanks for confirming yourself a retard
Anyone here make decent gains with debit spreads?
Red by open
Throw it at NIO Jan 40c
Theyve outpaced TSLA for a long time my dude.
Back to 327 by open? sure seems like it. wtf was with that autistic premarket pump
Plan hasn't changed.  ZM [Puts](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/El0ZvwgWMAY7QtA?format=png&name=large)
Hahaha! Seems to me the people who are so anxious about what's going to happen that they need nearly always useless guns are the pussies. 🤔
[deleted]
If anyone knew that they would be rich. Do your own research and analysis
This sounds like a Ponzi Scheme
[deleted]
I feel like it’s not gonna dip lol
DUDE IM ABOUT TO HIT A 10 BAGGER LMAOOO I DID A WEEKLY
Holy fucking shit. We up cause we been down hard. Its not fucking rocket science.
Even NIO came down a couple weeks ago. I would wait.
I’m very long into Sony for that exact reason.. but I just think nio is too volatile to keep up a gain overnight like that if it stays for the day
Wait for a dip. Its still going on its rocket ride
BULLISH.

Also like Captain America said, BUY SHARES! It'll help trigger the squeeze 😉 and for God's sake stop playing weeklies, we don't need any more people tapping out of the fight.
Lol
Dumb question..... YOLO it.  Then you can buy a new house and car for cash with your tendies.
Cheap date.
Apparently it's TNA.
Wait for a dip bro but absolutely
I have 1/15 35c leaps for NIO when should I sell? I want to get further leaps but don’t want to miss an ENPH type run.
RED BY OPEN AGAIN?!
Check my post history for the other NIO post. We so rich
Spoiler alert :: Bear R Fukt
Do it, I sell you one
Can only trade options 9:30-4pm no matter the broker, except SPY which stops at 4:15pm.
Was always going to happen
so nio is about to be a big compeitor in china it seems...tesla could get fucked
I hate people who call coffee "joe"
What a pussy. 

Don’t worry, I’ll be cash at open too most likely. Fuck this.
Then why TF are people hyping 3rd Nov?
Hold all day
Buy them while their cheap
Think my Baba puts will print?
I need to speak to the manager of SPY
premarket trading can't mean shit with that though right? low volume would fuck up any indicators
Bruh 80% here. We gonna be rich
Futures fading 

If this drops to .50% by open, it’s gonna be bloody
SPX being +40 pts but -20 off the highs = how low GEX manifests itself
I have 360s, thank you very much
Course its coming down, what you think is going to happen at earnings call?  Earnings HA. penny stock inc
Retard
December
yolo spy puts
Buying puts and calls. You're welcome theta gang.
For some ungodly reason, i want to buy nio puts
Thanks bot.
Quick guys let’s meme a new stock so we can get more sweet meme gifs. Those Vale memes were lit.
Friday calls were cheap buddy
You have to remember that the average person in this sub is a 24 year-old Bro who has no fucking clue what he's doing.
Aint nothing better or better for you than a nice glass of bone broth in the morning with a splash of lemon and a pinch of salt. Both my body and my mind is now prepared to make terribly irresponsible decisions.
Its because I'm buying calls
Zero chance AMZN stays green today
Holy fuck that was dumb.

Did you even look at theta
Fuck I sold my nio calls on Friday. Should I get back in? For January 40C?
YES I BOUGHT JAN NIO CALLS ON FRIDAY I LOVE RTHIS FUCKINF COMPANY IVE MADE OVER 500 PERCENT ON SHARES AND LONG DATED OPTIONS OVER THE LAST COUPLE MKNTHS HAHAHHA
Can’t diamond hands on margin. Way more susceptible to MM bullshit manipulation. 

That shit the Bible was talkin bout “ beware the free meal” is facts, bruh.

Just go get a fat bitch, if you’re pressed for cash. She’ll feed you and suck u super sloppy too. Margin won’t do that.
sell at open
Too late for nio?
Hold
Futures flat at open...again
ah yes the entitled and lazy people who can't miss work
Just got $1 in cash from my broker over some bullshit they fucked up, something about a date last December. Feels good.
Why does CNBC have El Erian on so much?
[deleted]
tech calls in february?
Let’s go Ʌ shape
Everyone get into icln and jks!
Still premarket who knows what direction things can turn
Buying pressure
Ayy I use Stake also
Check out FSR for real tho. EV company.
FUCK U NIO LET ME IN!!!
Tina may refer to:


== People ==
Tina (given name), people and fictional characters with the given name Tina


== Places ==
Tina, Iran, a village in Khuzestan Province, Iran
Tina, Tunisia, a town in Sfax Governorate, Tunisia
Tina, Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands
Al-Tina, a Palestinian Arab village depopulated in 1948
Tina, a village in Livezi Commune, Vâlcea County, Romania


=== United States ===
Tina, Missouri, a village in Carroll County
Tina, Kentucky, an unincorporated community
Tina, West Virginia, a former settlement


== Acronyms ==
There is no alternative, a political slogan of Margaret Thatcher
This Is Not Art, Newcastle event
TINA, Truth in Advertising (organization), also called TINA.org or truthinadvertising.org


== Music ==
Tina!, a 2008 compilation album by Tina Turner
T.I.N.A. (album), a 2014 album by British-Ghanaian singer-rapper Fuse ODG
Tina (musical), a 2018 jukebox musical


=== Songs ===
"T.I.N.A." (song), song by Fuse ODG from album TINA, 2014
"Tina", by The Mekons from Journey to the End of the Night, 2000
"Tina", by Flyleaf, a bonus track on the Japanese release of Flyleaf, 2005
"Tina", by Camper Van Beethoven from Telephone Free Landslide Victory, 1985
"Tina", by Tyler the Creator from the mixtape Bastard, 2009


== Other uses ==
Tina (plant), a genus in the family Sapindaceae
Tina (moth), a genus of moths
Tina, slang term for methamphetamine, sometimes used specifically for the smokable form
Tina language, a Sambalic language
TINA (program), a SPICE based electronics design and training software
A name variant of Tinia, Etruscan god


== See also ==
Teena (disambiguation)

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tina 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
IM SO FUCKING TURNT RIGHT NOW NIO WEEKLIES ARE 71% OF MY ACCOUNT HOLY FUCK
Asia is keeping the boat afloat. Don’t mess with Asia right now. 

FXI calls
Hold nio all day or sell at open?
Roll strikes
Hear hear
🤡
The end of the beginning
Gonna pick up 100 shares today or maybe sell a csp, then sell some calls after Biden wins
Who's TINA?
It’s a new week why don’t u have day trades
Damn can’t wait to buy a fucking nio w my bio calls
A lot of people are buy guns because of the protests and in anticipation of civil unrest due to the election.

The Daily from the NYT did a great episode on it last week.
So those .10 otm contracts gonna be like at least 1.5 by the eod
[removed]
Imagine trying to time the market. I scooped up those dips last friday, oh no, it goes down again? I just scoop up some more, it's impossible to lose.
Wow. What a complete tease. Smh. No surprise premarket mfers pumped the fuck out of it, then run with profits before open.
Kiss ur money goodbye
So wtf happens on Nov 3rd?
This is an inverse right?
You belong here, retard
Just can't wait to get in a company that won't sell a car until 2023?
It doesn't matter, well all wake up Wednesday morning to a trump victory, and then by January, biden will have won
I hope Trump wins by a landslide just to further piss off these put holders
Market will bleed until Tesla is back pre "Reverend Musk stock split"  


$274
Don’t fall yet I got more puts to buy 💴
What the fuck
It fake.
Gotta keep the europoors in check
>!Bears rekt 😂😂😂😂😂!<
Anyone who bought before Friday even making money today? edit: except Nio

My AMD can't even dare to go above 76 while QQQ is barely green unlike the Friday bonanza bears had
To all the retards out there... NIO will be back to 28 sooner than you think, it's volatile you autists. 🧠🦵🤡
Actually broke through but with the election technical indicators are bonkers anyway. [https://prnt.sc/vbu3lk](https://prnt.sc/vbu3lk)
Pay rent and car note or yolo it
Agreed, if you're dealing with sizable capital offshore makes most sense (given you're able to comply with CFC rules) - though it'd set you back \~$10k per annum with one of the bigger law firms (necessary if you're planing on being able to defend an offshore structure). With ring-fencing via e.g. ICCs or PCCs this also allows for much better risk management compared to simple multi-entity holdings. Then again, this is all a joke to ya'll anyways, so just go ahead with your personal Tendies account.
This PM gap up is part of the big money plan. They are going to force the weaks out of their short positions, maybe even cause them to buy back in lol, and then dump this pile of sheeet on them at some point before the election. Volatility is huge obviously. Don't be that person to get screwed 2x.
Unfortunately this pump isn’t enough for your spy 350c FDs
If it dips, maybe.. if not.. depends how risky you feel
Not necessarily. Repubs love rock walls too :)
It won't end for weeks
What?
just wanted to drop in to share that I disagree with all your preexisting beliefs and biases
Nice!
Imagine not being an american
Last time it did this it went up 18% in a day
Cash, bitch
Futures are moving
Thinking about puts on nio, I’m very bullish on them but everytime after a massive day they tank
Shut up retard
Preach man. I was actually expecting a sell off at open and then getting in lol.
slowly declining... maybe the bears will live once more
Stand back
Stand ready
I am bullish and holding calls and I am thinking about buying puts once it peaks today. If there is a relief rally I don't think it'll last since it's election week
Im so butthurt about futures :(
I won't join.
I hope you have NIO puts, you deserve to lose all your money
This is one fake ass pump. We going red before open
Might continue to moon the whole week
Why would you teach her to do that? Now you both be broke, and in a year probably shooting heroine together in the gutter
You leave it alone!
As soon as murica wakes up the markets are fading. Why the US boys love it to dump so much ?
When are elections results published? After market close or before?
We're making rock walls a political thing now too? 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
PM is telling an interesting story, lots of volume, regardless if you're a gay bear like me or a bull, i hope we all know that today will be interesting af and that we're all gonna lose anyway
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah. 

Usually dips a bit by open but then moons the rest of the day
Good idea but CC companies can file to have their debt classified as non dischargeable if they can show that you use dischargeable debt to pay off non dischargeable debt.
wait for a pullback to get into FSR or get in now cuz it’s not coming down?
Careful with the FOMO, wait for a dip
Shut the fuck up
God I hope so
Bears, hold the line!
I call in my trades.
I'd wait until Wednesday
[removed]
Because buyers are back
Bull gang wins again
With that logic we should be mass buying TSLA puts
Yea, but maybe if trump wins the market will go crazy bullish.
🤡
I’m keeping my sqqq calls
"U.S. stocks are seen opening firmly higher Monday, bouncing back from October’s sharp selloff, as investors look forward to the conclusion of a contentious presidential election campaign with the earnings season still in full flow". - Investing.com

"Red by 10" - wsb
You held puts through the weekend? Are retards even capable of crying?
An hour and a half is a very long time. JPow’s foot is going to get tired from jamming the accelerator attempting to save democracy.
NIO got more upside after open?
Good thing market is closed on Election Day, would be  too volatile
At least you're honest
MXN futures?
Bought fucking Facebook 15 shares @ 282.50, right before earnings, got cucked. Bagholding it now
LOOK AT THE CHART! FUCKING LOOK AT IT BEARS! YOU SHOULD ALL BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES!
I thought it was the new think on netflix call like love on the spectrum
I think the answer to this is always yes
Positions or ban
Ba calls. Ceo of Ryanair just pumped the fuck out of it
lmfao
LOL. Hey Bears. HE GOT YOU GOOD YOU FUCKERS
[deleted]
lower hudson valley? nice place
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Dido - White Flag (Official ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fWDrZSiZs) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fWDrZSiZs)⠀►►⠀ 2:27 / 3:41 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I was thinking holding till close but shit the tendies may be too hard to pass up. I might have to sell at open. Tough choice
Predefined risk you nut.
Hold for 3 months
Yea
Take profit
Should I fomo into NIO calls at open if I don’t have any day trades left
After voting, I believe that lock  towns and cities for COVID.
[deleted]
Don’t use logic for the this market lol, I’m basing my trading off delusion and it’s working so far
Yes. Before the first lockdown it was insane every pawn shop and outdoor store was sold out of everything that wasn't a pump shotgun with a 4ft barrel for 3k
Yup
[deleted]
Ban this loser for politics. 

Be saltier, retard
Sell now
Are we all now just hungry for ChiCom stocks now? 🇨🇳🇨🇳. 🤷🏻‍♂️
There’s no reason for anything in the 🤡market
NIO to $40 this week
Why tim apple isn't up bigly.
[deleted]
# BEARS R FUK
Sike, landslide Trump victory
Why aren’t I deeper NIO fuuck at least I’m in haha
Jfc
Lol this was an obvious bull run, you guys think that small events such as election, half europe lockdown, incredible increase in covid would have any impact at all?
Wtf everything mooning except AMD and RKT.this is illegal😡😱
Bears r clown
It would be over a lot sooner if they followed my instructions.
After voting, lock towns and cities.
Sell .
Thanks, first time doing a spread so this is really helpful!
Alexa, play White Flag by Dido
[deleted]
TWTR is a poop stock, good luck
This is so much worse and lopsided in StockTwits, if you can believe that.

Stock quadruples in 3 months: “congrats longs”, “this stock is going to be 300% next month”, “what a great company”.

Stock goes down 0.5%: “why is this stock going down today!?!?”, “fuck you bears you gonna get burned”.
Force Fomo to fill shorts
Should we be mass-buying Tesla calls? There's no reason it should be where it is
Hoping the country falls off a cliff and burns so your puts print, you are a piece of shit
Ya
Yea, that’s probable.
The end of bears is near....hoping these high premium puts eradicates them once and for all
positions or ban pussies 

QQQ 286P 11/6
Nio? Stanley moved from hold to buy. And https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nio-inc-provides-october-2020-080000477.html
Dollar rising futures falling couldn’t hold 332
We’re coming back down
LOOK BEARS! IT'S GREEN YOU PIECES OF SHIT.
[deleted]
Thank you very much! May the tendies be with you my friend
~~bagel~~ dick
Flat by open. Flat AF all day waiting for news.
Sell and just rotate into a higher strike
Wheel it
Pump is done. Question is is how low does it go today
I have the same position. I am selling at open, waiting for a dip, and rebuying
For today, yes IMO. I look for moves near the resistance/support lines.
[deleted]
It’s not always that simple but hey even a retard like you can be right sometimes👍
Yeah it sucks because I'm a long term Tesla holder and would love a place to discuss actual news and strategy but it's impossible over there. 

The amount of people who think if they buy today but if it's worth the same +1$ in a decade it's a good investment is crazy.

Even worse they encourage each other. Atleast wsb is blatant about being dumb and not actually investment advice.
Depends on how the market opens. If there's a surge of buying, then obviously you want to sell your long put. I don't know that the buying will continue though so I might be tempted to hold everything in your position and buy back the short put once I think the highs are in and the buying looks exhausted.
Sell NIO before open ?
Big sell today.
lol thanks
Why are u over reacting ,? Even if futures were up by 69%, shits going to crash hard by Wednesday the latest man ..
Should I take my Nio profits and exit or hold on?
Positions? or GTFO
🤡
Ready to die with my jmia calls, goodbye men it was a good run
Thank you!
i think we all need to man up and go watch a movie or two. If anyone else is a fan of movie theaters we need to save what we love right
What makes you so certain it won't?
Welcome to the fuckin rabithole m8. See you in the loss porn thread thursday at open
I suppose you are bankrupt again
[deleted]
Rule number 1. Ignore everything you see here. You'll be better off.
NIO you dirty shut 😍
Far out
There won't be a civil war. Americans are too goddamn entitled and lazy to protest. "Iknow it's an important cause but I can't miss work!!"
Retard
NIO, jmia
Whoa NIO
Is there an actual reason it went up so much?
[deleted]
This game doesn’t make any fucking sense
Don't threaten me with a good time.
[deleted]
Ha, get fucked.
It was an offer from my credit card company and ranged from \~10 to low teens it looked like. I applied more or less just to see what they'd offer me, rates didn't surprise me but the 35k limit did.
RIP ur $$$
CALL (NIO) NIO INC SPON ADS FEB 19 21 $35 (100SHS)
Yeah sell all your stocks, then buy them back a week from now when my puts are gone
[deleted]
Well gee, when has a dancing, singing bear ever lied to me.
Back test your theories.  Post results of back test.
[deleted]
who hurt you
Will BABA calls at open be my saving grace? Is it a last stitch account saver?
It'll hold, retard
Greenback daddy
[deleted]
How much did you make?
Fuk this reddit group. I lost $10k. YOLOed all for puts, expiration is Friday. Hoping Biden wins and Trump contest the election and economy crashes so I can print some $
Monday closed green before we opened?  TIL
totally normal and unremarkable
You can do both at the same time. Just long press one of the options if your using your phone.
Wtf else fun is there to do than yolo margin during lockdown
F
Yes, you can help people like me very easily.  Back-test your theories. Show your results.
It’s a reward system
I have a gambling problem
Can confirm, they still have PayPal. Checked my eBay
Yes - the IPO price was overvaluing the company
Turned 200 to 1200$ on Friday, now need to turn it into 5000$, any trades ?
1k on the first 2 and 1k on the 34s
Lol.
[removed]
damn kinda sucks for us robinhood traders... how long does it take to get money in a td or something with real after hours? I am gonna miss out on 75% of the action, i really need to get a broker that has true after hours trading...what do u guys use
Congrats and fuck you!!! :)
Okay, since clearly this is a retarded pump PM that has no chance of holding, what’s the best puts to buy to capitalize on this retardation?
Not if you need something to exchange for goods and services other than goods and services. Gold cant be printed and inflation cannot devalue it. It is a very densely valuable finite resource. Great for money.
Just woke up. What we pumping on because it sure as fuck isn’t logic
Is tech dead?😂can someone poke it with a stick to check?
[deleted]
worst fast food anywhere
Autism isn't given, it's earned
🤠 si senora
Damn. Don’t use margin next time.

Just get a fat bitch on the side that’ll give you option money every week.
31 11/6, 32 11/6 and 34 11/13
NIO ain’t playing
Just why? Of all the stocks you could've gone with?
Stop trying to be smart in a degenerate subreddit, you degenerate.

You wrote your first class in Python, and you want to get some validation from gambling addicts that can barely read. Now try writing an interrupt routine you fuck.
another entry today friend
We’re actually at the top arrow
I didn’t enter til this Friday, the week going in. I the movement with the market has really hurt the price.
Wait for iv to calm down first probably
No... it’s TNA
Sell
Stock market all time highs coming soon.
Oh no, I know I’m boned lol
You’re an idiot.  Filing for BK is a big deal.
Discounted? Check premiums.
Done.
Jokes on you I’m permabull
Communists are:

* Red

* Bears

Holy shit, I think you're on to something.
ooof, probably not much
Vaccine news tech is still a 🌈🐻 paradise
Yup
people said monday will be red yesterday. all of you deserve to be autistic
This pump is about to make me want to cash in my NIO 28c exp 1/15/21 

My diamond hands may not want to budge yet though
I have a spy put spread at open, what should be the right move to close? Sell my put first or buy back the lower put first?
Jpow at work
What the fuck is this
Isn't a little bit early for a gay orgy bears
"Keeping SQQQ calls" <> "don't wanna blow up"
See ya later NIO 👋🏼 🚀
Same. 

I might go back green all time after today
Thanks for the TA!
Oh no I have NIO puts ☹️
$pton
yes they did again with 0DTE calls
EC 10 days
dial-up speed
no bullshit, that's a great idea. Libs love rock walls
That sub single handedly mind tricked me into holding my TSLA calls. if you say anything that’s not optimistic you get downvoted to oblivion
Lolll
Lmao chucklefucks. I’m already balls deep in LEAPs so I’m just here for the ride. Thanks for your input though sir
0dte puts at open lmao
Anyone else buying discounted puts this morning?
Election got me spooked. Europoors locking down. Asia seemed like only safe haven
We r at fear from lockdown
I bought some NIO calls at close on Friday, man maybe the only right thing I did for the last month or so
Would be way more chill if they erected a scalable barrier like a rock wall
Yes
You just revealed your self as a communist
Not a bad plan. There's going to be wild swings this week, don't let big money dictate what you should do on a micro level. Of course they could force short squeezes if the money keeps flooding in.
Why do you presume we’re green?
Menbearpig

los osos pagaron por el muro  
  
Translation:: **The bears paid for the wall**
Ban
Going to mostly cash at open. Keeping SQQQ calls, will dump if support holds and keeping AMD LEAPS. I'm down hard the last couple of weeks but don't wanna blow up.
You belong here
LOL, Pelusi said they would have to fumigate Trump out of the White House.
Buy Nio 40 2023 leaps at open?
How much will my NIO 30 11/06 puts be worth, is there even a point in selling?
Positions?
[deleted]
You forgot to mention that with 100% probability, we are going right.
Wrong sub boi
Thanks a lot tech. I’m buying puts at open fuck it. I know as soon as I sell these calls, +3%.
LOOK AT THIS GRAPH
$NIO is doing its thing again 🙃
> i only make Profit in the Markets

So you're the one?
I bought NIO 40c exp Nov 20 when they were way OTM, I feel like I should just take the gains by Eod
Throwin some General Tso sauce on my tendies tonight courtesy of NIO
Youre’a pee’in.
Ban
🎃🎃🐢🦜🩱👗🐸🧚🏽🩲🦚
Negative gex usually means big moves in either direction.
RIP fren
Bold of you to assume we have girls
probably, and then moon again
Should have been smarter, stupid
you knew it had to be green when there were 15000 comments on the red weekend dow
from today, every day that passes without a civil war breaking out is a bullish market signal
1.  Not Robinhood, can't read it

2.  No ticker or name anywhere
Early trial means far from public use
I called Tyler Durdin a pussy and he blocked me on twitter. Dude totally doesn't fit the username character at all
But did Mexico pay for this wall or not
320 here bro. Rip to us
Nio is very retarded I feel like we make it move like it’s Tesla all over again😂😂
Lmao tech can't even recover 1/5th what it lost Friday
Depending on how high we go depends on whether I can stay in or not
Market zigged and you zagged, ooof
Dude I still don’t understand GEX
Bruh, its gonna open up 10%. This stock is gonna make me rich
Is this not a higher low on the daily chart? In that case the bottom is in and we’re making a bull flag
AMC files to sell 20m shares of common stock. 😳 I guess they’re all-in on trying to stay solvent until a vaccine comes...
No but do fuck his wife
Only Daddy Marx and his immortal science can save us now.
As tradition
Bear party at open! 🌈🐻🥳
They're erecting a ["Non-scalable" barrier](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/02/politics/white-house-fence-erected-again/index.html) around the White House right now. That's a good sign for the markets, right?
Yeah, but that always happens in an election year when the democrat is poised to win. Records get broken every time. "Surely they are going to come for my guns this time!" mentality.
Wtf is there to cry about. Lift some fuckin weights. And be ready to buy more in 2 hours. 

Don’t fall for the trap
I've decided that I'm holding my 0dte Puts regardless because theres always the chance for a massive dump... i do think my 320 puts are probably fucked though
Dip was last week buddy
I mean, some people can.
My god I love the smell of tard first thing in the morning.
The second you buy it
Im staring at futures blasting the mortal Kombat theme song in my apartment. It’s better than working out honestly
You fucking madlad, you trying to get xi to give you a reacharound or sumink
[deleted]
I'm not sure I understand. You're saying we can buy actual stocks instead of options? And hold them potentially forever? 🤯
Guys if you were a bear last week you are no longer a bear this week. You're a pig.
Really Really glad I bought those NIO calls last Friday now
God...jnug and jdst were such simple times
Tech looks weak as fuck
[removed]
Brooo I remember that shit back in the day like 2015
Bet we crash down then slowly melt up and end flat
https://twitter.com/zerohedge/status/1323242707511398401?s=19

Vaccine!
Nio is on a roll damn son
[deleted]
Lol got assigned qqq at 270. Sell or hold?
Rotated my entire portfolio to 75% NIO and 25% BABA Friday.
For Trump's case, I think it may pick speed back up later on in the year, or even next year. Depending on how potential protests and these parties react to each other.
Pretty sure you can demonstrate that a vehicle is necessary for income so they leave it alone.  If you have 2+ though...
Puts around 10?
Lot of buying going on pre market
When is the dip? At open or later? Thanks fam
so.... straddle?
Genuinely don't know what to do with my puts, I want to cry
Dumps happening people
[deleted]
OMG NIO straight parabolic. 15% by open
No
We are melting down 🌈🐻 rise up
Thanks bro and good luck 👍
NIO BLAST OFFFFFFFFF
after hours.. lol
Don’t sell those puts at open, market will drop before it rises.
I want to just yolo them or at least half my portfolio in calls and half shares but I don't even know which options I want at this point cause I missed the wave.
Remember dumb fucks that are blabbing R this D that.  Positions or ban.
Almost 9% now
What happens the first hour after open is probably going to decide the whole day
SPY doesn't know what way it wants to go so it's just sitting at $330. Kang gang day incoming
Okay
But stonk go up. So it must be unnatural for stonk to go down. Blame it on halloween
NIO
My buy and hold stocks
I'd load up on more if i wouldn't already be jacked to the tits
Stand back and stand by
[deleted]
What are long term positions? As far as I know options expire at some point.
Because of technical bounce off trend line.

I dare the to WSJ print that
[deleted]
[deleted]
That was great
Lol.
I feel like an asshole for thinking that but yeah I can’t wait for the dip as well
Way too many sour apple crayon lines here. Needs more cherry flavored ones.
SEDG earnings today, let's go!!!! 11/20 300c
And those are the possibilities you must think of.
No no not at all, here have a cookie
[deleted]
Stfu
[deleted]
The rule is: when you see a big green (or red) dildo - you're too late. Stop. Don't chase it. That is how you buy high, sell low. A better bet is to inverse. It will very much likely have some pullback. And almost never it will just continue. You are literally about to buy at ATH in overall high IV and downtrend.

What I will play - veeery wide iron condor on BABA earnings if the IV is high.
You’re a retard nobody wanted to know
Yes
No only because I don’t wanna get it on my keyboard
Go eat a bagel
Yessssss
Nope
I’m holding my puts idgaf
Keep gambling. This is for those who wanted to know my views this morning.
[removed]
[deleted]
I did two weeks ago. would've made 300% if i'd held. (11/20 expiry). do what you must fren
So cute you think the speculation on here normally isn't gambling. I loled.
[removed]
I agree.
[removed]
Life was easier when we were hyping JNUG tbh
I am sorry sir. Are you trying to give hand jobs while typing?
$37*
[deleted]
Some niggas make millions. Others make memes.

To these niggas memes are their livehood. You can't just claim someones else's livelihood and claim it as yours
You’re name may as well be Ethan the astrologist cause studies show TA has no impact on ones ability to guess the direction of the stock market
you missed what he said there bucko.  renting is a long term way to build wealth.  This wealth will accumlate through building equity not the marginal profit made on a monthly basis.  When you are 60 and retired, you can sell your properites that were mostly paid for by renters for large profit.
Did you read your own title? It literally says: It might go down unless it goes up, then it'll go up. Total BS.
Messi is old hag
[deleted]
This pump is balancing scales a bit I like it
We about to rip to 35 today and close at 33
[removed]
......aaaaand 33 has been breached. NIO 35 eod confirmed
Ian sorry for your puts
NIO up 7% UK already
I actually agree with this.  There is no play today other than gambling.
Time to load on puts ?
Well given the markets have yet to open..
member when TSLA tanked 20% intraday after battery day

My member members
The grimmmmmm 🌈
Why though? No stimulus until January
Yeah I love them! Tastyworks is great for futures

But once you have that you don’t really need to trade vix. Cuz I can quickly short a futures contract when I see momentum building to the downside at any time. So I don’t need the hedge protection that uvxy calls provide
To these retards 0.02% is moonin
meme stocks dont price in
So not kill him with fire?
Same
+1
You’ll be changing “bear” to “bull” today or tomorrow 😂
Someone tell me to not have paper hands with VXX
SPXU and UVXY calls at open.
Is this a bull trap
Just take a bet at open with 0DTE . Either we pump or we dump. 

Don't try to use logic.
TSLA calls might be the play of the day
Calls on Inagogadavida inc.
I T S O R G A N I C $ORGY
Today is legit going to be the greenest day in a while. Asia and Europe did great
Overvalued under IPO price? Record sales? No end to low interest? Bruh
Positions ur opening today, asshole?
[deleted]
It’s all priced in.
**Events in the US Today (EDT):**

* DAY - Wear a mask & socially distance <3
* 9:45am - Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 10:00am - ISM Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * ISM Manufacturing Employment (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 11:30am - 3&6 Month Bill Auction \[1/3 Volatility\]
* 7:00pm - Total Vehicle Sales \[1/3 Volatility\]
* **The economic highlight of the week will be the Federal Reserve meeting. Its policy decision will be delivered a day later than usual given the election, on Thursday at 2 PM ET. Friday also sees the monthly jobs report, which is expected to show another small decline in the unemployment rate.**
* Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Saturday did away with a list of banned states for visitors to New York and now says travelers, except those from nearby New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania, must test negative for COVID-19 three days before arrival.
* Mall owner CBL & Associates filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late Sunday, after its business was pressured by the coronavirus pandemic, highlighting the stresses the retail real estate industry is facing.

**Events in the World Today (EDT):**

* DAY - Brazil & Mexico Holidays
* 3:15am - Spain Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:30am - Switzerland procure ch PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:45am - Italy Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:50am - France Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 3:55am - Germany Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 4:00am - Euro Zone Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 4:30am - UK Manufacturing PMI (Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 9:00am - Euro Zone ECB's Mersch Speaks \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 6:00pm - South Korea CPI (YoY-Oct) \[2/3 Volatility\]
* 10:30pm - Australia RBA Interest Rate Decision (Nov) \[3/3 Volatility\]
   * Australia RBA Rate Statement \[2/3 Volatility\]
* Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced Saturday that England is closing all nonessential businesses for the next four weeks after more than 22,600 weekly Covid-19 cases were reported for the U.K., far higher than its first peak of 4,800 average weekly cases in the spring. People will be ordered to stay at home unless it’s for essential purposes, Johnson said.
* China’s factory activity expanded for the sixth straight month in October as business confidence grew to its strongest in years, a private survey showed on Monday.
* Oil prices slumped to a five-month low after Libya accelerated production and the U.K. joined other European countries in toughening travel restrictions. 

**Earnings Before Open:**

* Clorox, Wing Stop, Lumber Liquidators, Marathon, Waste Management, Estee Lauder, AMC Networks, Leidos

**Earnings After Close:**

* Paypal, SWK Holdings, Camping World, Solar Edge, AMC Entertainment, Cirrus Logic

[Earnings This Week](https://i.imgur.com/qOJdagC.png)
Haven’t done this yet but have wanted to give it a try lol
where we going into young king
I mean if you were here Friday morning people were saying -1% was mooning
Im sure plenty of theta gang got fuk last week with that 2-3 sigma move.
Sir this is a casino. Fuck TA.
Drilling the drill team?  Talk about bearish.
You'll need at least a 1% change from open in order to be profitable.

The average SPY low-open or high-open change is around 0.5%.

Short this guy's ETF.
that's how to read out the market, couldn't agree more
Far OTM calls on the US Constitution and a decisive electoral victory
Thought that was priced in on Thursday
Research = flip a coin
Only on wallstretbets is +1% dumping
Because market does weird shit around an election, and also because it was a big ol dump Friday. Market will spike in the AM as the dumb algos buy what they see as a dip, then massive selloff either midday or near close today.

Or inverse me idk, I'm just as retarded as the rest of you chucklefucks.
How many of you are fucked rn
Is CR7 better than Messi?
Good driving roads 👍
1
[removed]
I’m buying calls, last time to buy the dip
RKT has an 18% short interest, while being the only mortgage company with the FINTECH to scale to meet this unprecedented REFI demand that will last going into 2022. All while continuing to make key acquisitions including Rocket Auto which further diversifies their family of Companies
Anyone here made big money with stocks using margin on webull.
I invested 170k in spce shares out of which 110k is my cash and remaining is on margin
If you know what it is, why stay away? Hella money to be made out here.
Bankruptcy = buy in this universe
Euroriches show us the way
The market is so artificially pumped right now by PPT. If Trump losses there ain’t gonna be a bottom! Warning here!!
[deleted]
Hold until eod
The markets good at roping everyone in and leaving them broke.  

Kinda like meeting up with a craigslist hooker at a hotel....you know you're leaving broke and robbed, with aids, or in handcuffs.   Sometimes all three.  But you still do it anyway.
Nice try bears. Americhads about to buy the fuck out of all the dips. SPY green 3% by close
Damn
fuck you too
Sell off at open?
Red by open
[removed]
[deleted]
Bears and bulls all agree on this
Don’t sell those outs at open, market will go down to start the day.
So puts on spy u say?
you will have a 1 minute window to devour them both
Get a load of this pussy
That because people were still getting in even after I commented that the breakout was taking to long and to get out. Basically people were looking at the title and not the notes.

I only learned I could of just edit the post with strike through but after that decided for live updates to do on discord. Have no idea if people get alerts to comments as well as post.
It’s over for bear
Gun stocks would be the opposite.
expiry and strike?
I'm just kidding my dude 😎
#bull power
Puts on US Democracy and a peaceful election process
position or GTFO
Malls was always destined to become obsolete this is just accelerating the process
Yikes 😬
Bottom's in boys. Calls it is.
R we dumping?
[deleted]
damn man, i shoulda kept my amazon call, woulda recoverd like 2-3k or somn... hurts
THIS.

"I made another prediction along with the other 99 which were retarded, and having lost all my money on retarded contracts, I am now seeking validation to prove to everyone I am a market savant"
CiRcUiT BrEaKER
You've made worse bets
I am not certain it will hold, but I was also 100% certain we were going to open in the deep red, and I am holding calls. Who the fuck knows anymore
Why
Flair checks out
drill team 6 better not fucking commence drilling on FB and Alibaba. Otherwise I'm gonna drill the drill team 6
You kidding right
Went drillin’
Me too. I have bad dreams about it.
Ban
Just look at the negative GEX, rising DIX and the 2016 election. With a little prayer, we can see 400 eoy.
Wave 1 never ends
[deleted]
They released some good info over the weekend. So thats a plus. But its mooned a lot recently so thats a minus.
Woah buddy, someone asked me to post today because they know I know my stuff. These are volatile times today and tomorrow IMO.
You are safe here
Jesus Christ good thing I dumped my DNKN puts
I said the sentiment is not significantly negative, I did not say we won´t see a correction from the downtrend before the US Session. 

The Euwax has been at +20, not it´s at -20. 

Just because the market has been pushing up the last 2 hours doesn´t mean I´m wrong, and even if we see a significant rally today that still dosen´t mean the sentiment is wrong. It just means it wasn´t a good contraindicator today due to different reasons.
Holding puts?
[deleted]
Pats could legitimately lose to the jets. They are that bad
lol whole world market is green af today. Just stop trash talking and cry that your puts are busted for today.
[deleted]
I’m pretty sure we’ve been green af like 95% of Monday’s since March. Some true fuckery for sure, but always on point.
Can a vaccine be found?
plz make it go up
Tbf the guy straight up said it took him a few hours to make in photoshop lmao
Lol imagine having puts for hedges as they are meant to be used for rather than just gambling on them
[deleted]
Fly you fools
Red wave signifying things to come? ;)
Good ol days
A gun and a farm are good SHTF investments.
There's a place nearby called "Bear Mountain". Lovely place to hike. Tremendous view. I however call it "Bull Mountain".   

Will not explain
Might go up, might go down. Fuck you man.
Probably about tree fiddy
Tip of the ICEBERG that we are seeing today.

[https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/02/us-mall-owners-cbl-pennsylvania-reit-file-for-bankruptcy.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/02/us-mall-owners-cbl-pennsylvania-reit-file-for-bankruptcy.html)
Hi, my post is removed. Please approve and repost.
[deleted]
So possible election issues tomorrow in the us, Europe back on lockdown. International flights canceled again. Second wave hitting everywhere but China for some reason no one had been able to explain to me. Most retail out of business even if they don’t know just yet. 8 weeks till Xmas how’s your shopping going? Gonna be a lot or bare trees this year. Here’s your new ps4 game Timmy no Santa didn’t bring the new PlayStation. When I had stimmy money including get one and now we can’t afford one. Puts on everything at this point.
sorry, fixed
I see so many people scared to make plays or leave money in a volatile market. This sub was made for weeks like this. It separates the yacht owners from the  paddle boat renters. Do your research and make your plays. This is what we live for!!!!
AAPL go back to 120 you garbage
Have some self respect
After its last few days of me jumping in and out i said fuck it and went in on it friday and left it there. Glad i did, now im just gonna let it sit and ride.
[deleted]
Hopes of stimulus...in 2022
[deleted]
mURICAaaaa
[deleted]
Not when they let the jets beat them twice
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
With credit spreads OTM they naturally get to keep what ever time value that decay per day. Making it cheaper to buy back. With IV decline after elections results are known a significant amount of IV should be removed, allowing a much cheaper buyback henceforth making profit with all other conditions being the same.
We are dumping Bois
TOOT THAT THANG UP
N(I)O
Biggest bear trap in the history of our nation! TREMENDOUS
Remember when TSLA would moon 10% every week for no apparent reason?
you had a good lawyer
Please
Naa cowboys are gonna win Lawrence Sweepstake
Not until I buy it.
I hope at least SOME of this holds til open so I can load back up on puts.
I pulled out of options since I'm down 40% and haven't told my wife yet... But here I am eyeing these nio calls thinking well I only need to make some of it back and we're good.
[deleted]
#Pop Lock And ROCKET 🚀 RKT
Lol the premiums on SPY puts vs SPY calls
[deleted]
Make sure to push it out over toilet and not drip it on the bed.
You’re delusional.
🧂
Isn't its economy is smaller than California? I thought most of European countries were
Damn, I am fuk
record deliveries
all my screenshots are of red lines.
Overvalued and housing market / mortgage refinancing is peaking
I second this. Let’s get a Bull prayer circle for MSFT. 🙏 ⭕️
No
I used to think bull traps and bear traps were pretty obvious to see, for the most part. I used to think “what dumbass is falling for this?”

Then I joined this sub, and now I know. 

I just hope these fake gains hold till at least 6:32 (pacific)
Lmao I just got three different answers 😂
This is what Elon said
"We will probably IPO Starlink, but only several years in the future when revenue growth is smooth & predictable. Public market does *not* like erratic cash flow haha. I’m a huge fan of small retail investors. Will make sure they get top priority. You can hold me to it"
Only goes to $30 in 2021
[deleted]
I have also been getting the ass fucked off of me, last week I was even came in
Will NIO ever go down
obligatory Bears in shambles..
There's no stopping the Balrog of fiscal doom
OTM. Might as well buy stock if buying ITM.
drill team 6 stand back and standby 😤
He’s gonna refuse to go to the Jets like Eli did with Chargers.
[deleted]
Guilty as charged
[deleted]
buying puts after this random-no-non-sense pop today that will undoubtedly fail within the first 15-30min
THINGS N SUCH
My vxx calls purchased two 1/2 weeks ago are still deep itm. Will sell on Wednesday. Today is theta gangs time to shine
This is the Tesla sub every gd morning. 

If its not up 5% a day "fud!!!! Market manipulation is real! God they always hold us back with their tricks!!!"

If it goes up 5% "not bad still cheap compared to what it'll be in a decade. Theres still no competition. Apple sold 10m iphones so if Tesla sells 10 cars and each car has a 10m robotaxi value (+-1B) by comparison we should be worth 10x apple.....20T cap incoming."
I don't think so
Trump will declare victory before counting the mail-ins.
I like how bear trying to make sense of this green dildo by convincing themselves that it will dump eod😂but they don’t know that after election it will even go parabolic
Remember when futures were down 2% and by open it was only down .5%. I wouldn't celebrate too early bulls
[deleted]
Their 2 wins already 2 too many for Jets to slip from 1st pick.
Thought they said ‘sometime in 2021(in the next year)’
[deleted]
Best decision I’ve ever made
bearish thesis for rkt?
Futures up 1% because of Futures up
Because I had to think of a reason for this barron's article.
It was definitely more in response to the nation wide rioting, but there was a large uptick in sales starting with corona
Ready to get fucked despite having closed out my options positions 😊
🌈🐻
What was the lowest Nasdaq futures went to?

I had calls on sleep!
The only thing that makes me sis is the SUPER high volume, something fishy is going on
Starting? You are both gay and retarded sir
Yes sir
I might switch to theta gang. I’ve had enough of this
[deleted]
Pre election buyin, then sell off either EOD or tomorrow
don't forget the whistling sound dumbass
Shut up retard
People sprinting into the world's most obvious bulltrap
And here comes the drop
Since you bring up the question probably, but seeing how there’s 2 hours till the market opens and after a weekend of holding, probably not.
I created it since I needed it. So no am not wasting my time :)  
just shared it for others who might be in the similar boat.
Bears rn: “My put was up 80% last week, why didn’t I sell?”

🤡🤡🤡
im just a bicurious bear/bull Frankenstein here with calls and puts both but i really don't see how this stays up.... massive sell off at open?
Ya like my account dropping 50%
What should be the news title today?

Futures up 1% because of \_\_\_\_\_?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** If everyone thinks, "It will go down", It can only go up, because everyone has already shorted!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmkgdx
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmkgdx) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/oguzbilgic, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Healthynumbers
Giraffe-kit
bpcqd
I can count the pixels in this image, glorious work.
Patriots are gonna tank the rest of the season and end up with Trevor Lawrence
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
What makes u so certain it will. Have you not been around for the last 2 weeks?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Red by open or red by noon,  either way.
Livgo and teladoc merger suck. Still haven’t gotten my teledoc stocks from the merger on Robinhood.
Nio duh
Remember retards, if its good enough to screenshot its good enough to sell
[deleted]
Not really. Math isn’t uncontrollable
315P 12/18 maybe earlier
A lot can happen in 2 Hours....
[deleted]
Lol of course they are
No, buy puts after noon..
Dont forget DE
Had a dream about Elon. TSLA calls today.
We’re you alive in 2000?
With the full lockdowns coming in hard in Europe, what are the chances Biden wins and locks down the US as well, or if Biden wins what are the chances Trump and his supporters actually turn violent? This is going to be interesting.
> sick ass-autistic

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
So the market really did ignore UK lockdown....damn son.
Bears in summer 2021:

CanT BeliEve WerE Up, mY PutS aRe bLEedInG On nO nEWS. dOnT pEoPLE reAlIze ViRUs wAve 9 WilL HuRt BusINesS AgAIN?
[deleted]
😂😂 dude posting this is so sick-ass autistic that's really outright WSB autism at its best.
Oh look another fake out. Stay tuned for another 3 weeks when the fresh recruits come in and do exactly the same thing then wonder why the market doesn’t just follow logical noise.

Tbf I think we just zig zag slow bleed down from here.
Yes
Oil where you goin bro hahaha
Not anymore
 

# 🌈🐻🌈🐻🌈🐻 seeing FUTURES GREEN

&#x200B;

[http://gph.is/1E4qdzX](http://gph.is/1E4qdzX)
Now this is my kind of bull/patriot.
I’m a Bull and I still ain’t buying this. Global lockdowns leading into the most uncertain week of the year? No thanks
I have calls lol
Why i have this bad feeling that US session gonna dump the shit out of the market
God speed.
Member gois, Thomas Jefferson died bankrupt and it is ok.
Silver gang feels this one most
#puts on open?
Didn’t expect Nio to 🚀🚀🚀today. Not complaining
Just because a bunch of cousin fucking, yokels from your shithole state drove on the freeway together, doesn't mean trump will win the election dumbfuck
Yeah those fucking pedos
Im deep on msft calls
Do y’all legit believe this will hold?
Yeah. Just imagine a contested election Wednesday morning. If it doesn’t happen then maybe get out
You can always be asked on any job application for the rest of your life have you ever declared bankruptcy most bad debt falls off after 7 years no one's going to force you to pay off student loans you can rent for the rest of your life if you want
I got 32's, 33's and 34's. Selling the 34's and holding the rest thru EOW
Idk fam. I have been getting assfucked so much lately that this feels like an intro to another assfucking session
[removed]
[deleted]
Sell calls to collect the IV crushed premium of retarded yoloers overnight IS THE WAY.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [tobi lou - Sometimes I Ignor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8O8OKDchp0) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8O8OKDchp0)⠀►►⠀ 2:48 / 4:12 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Pics or didn’t happen
😎🤏🏻😳
Don’t close puts. Keep them as hedges.
Tough call
damn this kang market already showing its colors
Alexa play sometimes I ignore you too
[deleted]
Agreed that calling this an application is a stretch, just like you called me retard.
Vears ra fuched
For leaps should i go itm or otm
[deleted]
fax bro, how we gon get it
[deleted]
Yeah I am waiting for my futures confirmation I feel like getting rid of theta decay can make it easier. Do you trade futures?
Same bro
Damn bears I thought it was gonna be a red day hahaha
Guys this this a bull trap. I’m staying away from the markets today. Smart money won’t fool me today
If msft could pump hugely on some Xbox news or something, that would be great.
[deleted]
More for the looting lot of first time gun buyers on the democrats side this year
[deleted]
I need a 12k gain to make up for last week's loss
Close & contested, Recount
Anyone got any rope for me and my ndaq puts?
One thing I do regret is not buying more SLV on the dip
Lol we’ve just gone on the most insane bull run of all time, perma bulls have been doing quite well
idk bro but shitcoin is a leading indicator... this is really sus. Unless we get a 2%+ today, I ain't closing puts
This is why I’m broke.
Sell or hold 20 NIO 35c exp this Friday
[deleted]
I’d probably wait after the open dip then enter in. It’s already up 7% right now
Avg into them they’ll print Wednesday-Friday. Unless we get trump victory results, stimulus, AND vaccine 😂
[deleted]
Bears in shambles
I, bought thy dip.
One thing I do regret is not buying more SLV on the dip
right, these suckers overpaid for IV LMAO
Oh fuck he added an ellipsis. He knows something.
Crank Dat **Dow Jones Industrial Average**
Donnie wants to sign another record chart before the election, 🌈🐻 ded
Who says that? If you said you have naked puts, 99% of people would say that you had written those puts not bought them.
Green day today would legit just be the MM's fucking all the bears over. Guess inversing WSB is always the play even with pandemic lockdowns going on.
and those high premiums for puts lmao. True retardation
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have FSLY and some more of the losers. Kept buying thinking it’s a bottom.
Banks are already begging the fed to change their mind on that.
33
calls today then, sell and poots? if that hits, id nut
There wasn't even put skew back then, 1987 introduced it
More Lockdowns More Problems
Priced in
How many though?
Safw to say we are all a bit aretarded here
Whats the opening calls play to dump before lunch?
So clear result Tuesday night= moonshot for most equities?
TWTR blocked me for a few days because I cussed some dude out.  Was hoping they wouldn't pick up on it because I did it in Spanish. International bastards.
I’m holding 290 11/6
[deleted]
Lol I’m fukt
Repeat of Thursday last week?  Coronavirus numbers and threat of lock down are still ugly.  Pump before the Tues dump.
ur portfolio twtr and fsly?
Can I get some recommendations on options flow subscriptions or anything that might help me make more informed decisions? Using free Twitter whale updates hasn’t helped my odds of winning calls. What do you use?
eating breakfast ... hangover from 48hr party

c u later at open
imagine chasing SPY puts, then swinging LOOOOOOOOL
I'm just going to go to sleep now and wake up an hour before close. ... and not look at my account. Good luck, whatever your play is!
Too early lol
Green only because I have a massive short position
I’m a bear because bears are cool
Yea feel free to do that to
So 2023? Since no interest rates until then
Unless you can prove you went in on puts after that post you are just another stocktwits retard throwing a bunch of predictions around like youre michael burry wearing spongebob pyjamas.
[deleted]
I dunno dude. Maybe you right but, i think ypu are overlooking some of the greeks in your reasoning
Something is wrong with my stocks. Looks like all of them had a stock split. I see that the price is half since last week but I don’t see the share count double.
I audibly laughed
hahahahahahahah the 7am traders said: POOTS
Then 28->32. Yeah kinda feelin like it’s the play today 🤷‍♂️ 35c?
Why all the hate on bears? Y’all wouldn’t be green without our money 🙄 my puts are fked
Yeah 🌈 bears, those puts still have like  10% of their value to lose before it's over.
Absolutely jiggered for market to open bois
Uh, did you forget about Thursday? It was up like 16%
I just hope for it to be short
So where is drill team six at right now? Shitting their pants?
[deleted]
My minds telling me no....but my body, my boooooody is telling me yes!
The market will only crash once the bond yield goes up so the rich can move their money there first.
NIO is just going to keep going up huh
So who was actually smart enough to inverse WSB for today?
As my favorite trader says “in the market, there’s no accidents or coincidences”
Probably one of those rich spoiled kids
NIO bears exist?
[deleted]
Wall Street really wanted amazon to stock split...

Since that ain’t happening they’ll do their own stock split by just not allowing it to go up and drop it to below $1000
Alright im gonna ask again now that shit has drastically change. Should I hold my 11/16 315 spy’s?
Puts on this guy's avocado
[deleted]
Hmmm....they are still involved for a few more years, but a new processor is taking over, Ayden, I believe it’s called
[deleted]
What’s the ticker for this?!
Spy 331 to 330 TIMBERRRRRR ⏳
We're at 330 and everyone is cumming? You would have thought we were at 340 based on the masturbating occurring right now.
Almost every day is a theta day
Def true. You can short the futures though with mini futures if you have that enabled. Then there’s no theta
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** RKT is dead, long live the RKT: Rocket Auto is coming

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmke9t
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmke9t) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ink666, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dwm42
Giraffe-kit
Brolitano
[deleted]
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[deleted]
I’m literally hoping SPY goes ridiculously high PM so I can dollar average these puts very cheaply for the week.
It was a decades long debate until genetic testing became as accurate as it is you shit for brains moron. And check out duck duck go or something, you fucking mouth breather.
I can’t wait to see the losses from the NIO bears
Fomo into NIO at open? Last time it did such bigly moves when it was 23 AH and 26 EOD...
Keep pumping you fuck pj pussies this should be +3%
Every tech stock I have calls in barely green now. Bruh fuck this. Iv crush too. I literally can never win even on a +1 Green Day holding calls  or -2% red holding puts.
What can I say? I like losing money 😂
Biden and a republican senate would mean no tax hike, no infrastructure bill and also a skinnier version of the skinny bill. Either way puts on CAT are free money imo.
Lamborghini i am coming
I dont need that .69 either :) 

The source code is right there, if you are not comfortable reading it - you can ask someone you trust to read the code and let you know. This code only talks to Robinhood server and exports data locally. This doesnt upload your token nor data anywhere else.
Imagine buying puts while the stock is lowly rising, then you switch to calls, then the stock slowly decreases... you bleeding from both sides.
Oh look, it’s a K market 😕
[deleted]
The silver lining is at least im not jacked to the tits on spy puts
Too much bulls vs bears here. No wonder we are retards.
[deleted]
this is the kind of lewd, inappropriate bullshit that I come here for
SLV one month chart is ridiculous
What? Are ya'll saying I can't shoot chinese viruses?
Check that 332 resistance, i still think we have lower to go this week
[deleted]
Fucking retards buying puts at the bottom, hoping everything crashes. Gay as fuck.
Oh yeah same here just kind of disappointed of the performance for the last 2-3 months. This is pretty much the backbone of my portfolio been holding them for years.
Bears, stand back and stand by. The end game hasn't even started yet.
[deleted]
just went over the case law and britain does have stronger legal protections for corporate separation

i think it could still fall under the wrongful trading exception, where it is obvious you are solely creating a separate entity to take riskier positions with creditor funds. that said, im not going to pretend im an internet lawyer and argue about it either way.

honestly, it would never come to that anyway. any direct loan to the company would need to be backed by personal assets and any margin agreement from the broker would need to be similarly backed

short and simple answer is that youre unlikely to gain much benefit from incorporating your trading in any western jurisdiction outside of taxation advantages. for example, it could make sense to offshore your trading so that you can compound returns without paying taxes. however, you would need to avoid paying out to yourself as income for this effect to really show an impact
ruh-oh
Yeah lol
post gain porn
[deleted]
This shits so volatile
sell off
SPY is like my gf. Mood swings all day long..
why do you think the elites have $4 trillion sitting there waiting since march?
Rawr! 🦁
[deleted]
gonna be choppy seas for the next 48 hours boyyo
Like a badge of honor
11/20 320p
I would've thought Trump increasing government control would make people more paranoid
Being a 🐻 really is a mental disability, they'd let them collect a check for it but they know the retards would just buy puts with it.
No. They'd just all get lost in a boating accident.
U got an outline a brother can use?
These $320’Spy put hedges I got for this week are so dead today
340 and I'll cream my pants, not clean it and walk around all day
[deleted]
just wondering.. sell-off at open or will we see a green day today and red tomorrow ?
Bears in shambles, in this thread. 😎
Soooo who’s going full ape at open for weekly calls? Missed out on those juicy 7-800% gains last week 😂 think it runs all day since the markets green?
That weekly EM on the /ES doe.

Keep your seatbelt on.   Gonna be some blown up accounts this week.  Probably both sides.
Yeah. M17.
finviz dot com
[deleted]
1 upvote and i‘ll liquidate my house to buy nio 50 calls
Skip it is the way
Anything can happen, indeed, yet the biggest takeaway to investors post-Covid has been been that, though the market dropped substantially around February/March, it gained everything and more thereafter (minus a few various sectors more susceptible to things). People seeing the drops now, or, say, last week, are not afraid: it is perceived as a buying opportunity.
PayPal def
I thought that’s what WSB was all about...right?
Too much elite money in the market to let it fail again. It’s their game not ours
If we fill this gap up to 340 today im gonna fill that gap between bear thighs
Is it the sig sauer P320 on your post history
I sold them friday
[deleted]
[deleted]
Circuit breakers didn’t exist back then
Yes, just woke up
This shit makes no sense
I wouldn’t be so excited if I was a bull...
The price of avocado has nearly doubled in the last two years. I will take some futures.
[removed]
Do your designated driver.
Happy I yoloed my savings on Vanguard VTI ETF shares Friday at close
"Stocks up on pre-election stimulus hope" :D
[deleted]
It's a boomer stock but I think Nadella is making the right moves. I have a lot of faith in both of them long term.
[deleted]
Calls is the way
To real
Bears literally bet on stonks not going up. How dumb and gay can you be to believe that? 🤡
Of course the first time I buy SPY puts in a while is on Friday at 3:30. Down 8% in a half hour. Probably gonna see -30-40% at open
It's more like coloring with crayons. The best kind of coloring.
Same
Loading up on both calls and puts and selling when it inevitably swings both ways.
Daddy musket said "We will probably IPO Starlink, but only several years in the future when revenue growth is smooth & predictable" so yeah
Buy SPXS, sell at open. Just do it
Futures up almost 500 points when half the world going on lockdown again and a day before elections. Hahahaha what a fucking stupid rigged market
🐻: Waking up

👀SPY 231 pre market👀

🐻 🔫

🐮🆙️✅
[deleted]
How’re you guys playing Roku? I bought a couple puts last Friday hoping to sell before earnings Thursday.
I no see probrem with Dario? Seem rike smart man
If Tech goes red by open, that basically sums up my luck in this market.
I think VXX reporting earnings after Election Day. Might buy some
Bears please show yourself out
[deleted]
Ha gay
Good. Guns just cost money and provide little to possibly negative value for almost everyone.

Put the money into something useful!
PYPL calls today for earnings? Or just skip it?
I am the Sosa of stocks.
Does today belong to the Beers 🍺 or Balls 🏀 ?
I have. I liked Obama-Biden's policy positions and thought that he generally made the best choices of the rather shit ones available to him.

Again, bring on the downvotes.
Take out atleast the initial investment, I will personally fly over there, beat the living crap out of you, kick you in the left nut and then pay for your sisters bills if you loose the money.
Double dick
If there is a clear result probably.
Upvotes downvotes they all make me feel so GOOD!
I held my SPY 215 put after it hit 222 cause I thought it would dump after a new low. Never did I imagine it would open over 230 on Monday. fuck this shit
Why is volume so high
Bears are like those dudes who pay chicks in black leather to step on their balls with high heels. They enjoy the pain... they get off on it even. So in that regard I’m happy for them this morning.
With all these 1987 crash posts I'm convinced we have already seen the bottom.
okay who left the printer on overnight?
Putting my seatbelt on and biting down on my ball strap
Bro nobody has a clue
[deleted]
[deleted]
The secret hand of 🐌 gang flames the rivalry. 😉
May have been priced in on Friday
[deleted]
Nio CANNOT GO TITS UP!
Some missed points here.
I am but probably won't make up for the losses of last week
it's mixed though. dollar's saying yes, but oil's saying no
Still a bear we melt down at open
dump till open
Can confirm
Yeah I understand the concept and I remember tvix I just never bought puts on vxx cause I always felt iv makes it priced in and leave u with not a lot of room to profit
The major European economies are heavily socialist. They're not fleeing anywhere. 

Also Cuba was communist. History man.
did you read contents from the link?
If all the retards think its red, its not gonna be red :>
[deleted]
Downvotes*
Just imagine how many retards this sub would have!
I will gladly hold (and temporarily lose cash on) my SPY puts and SPXU calls today, with you.
Everything is just waiting for US markets to open

If it's green, DXY will correct hard
Everyday people die due to covid that does not mean market will come down
What are you guys moves for opening today?
Is there going to be IV Crush on Election Day? Does anyone here know? Sorry for being a true retard!
Yeah lol
You are very ENTJ
Anyone have a heat map - what sectors are carrying the day?
It's not that expected. See how many bull retards are still smoking hopium here.

People think Jpow will save them, but Jpow can't really do shit. When people realize that Jpow has no power in a massive sell-off they'll sell even harder.

I mean really most of what Jpow is doing is simply drilling yields into the abyss. All of that means is that bonds can no longer be used as hedge, so the only thing left for virgin Wall Street funds is to stop-loss sell. The fed blew the bubble but they can't defeat gravity.

He's not even doing a good job with inflation. All you retards got psyopsed by the Fed into thinking that money printer go brrr is an actual thing. Inflation expectations drive inflation harder than fucking QE with no commercial banks lending, y'all got played.
[deleted]
Fucking bears, you are all about to get fucked hard and I can’t wait for it.
The best part of waking up🌅⏰

Is seeing🐻 completely fucked☕😌
Cash gang for election?
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
Same
🐻: "Say it ain't SooOoo"
Fuck yeah.  You will be rewarded.
Lol yes that’s the way
I have other guns lol
I do. And I have way more ammo for .223 and 7.62 like a few thousand rounds for 1/10th of the price of 9mm.
The same europe where the murder rate is about 1/4 of the US and the shooting homicide rate is 100-200x smaller?
Hope you’re loaded up on calls!
[deleted]
Robinhood gonna need to add some higher strikes on those nio leaps, even 2023 highest strike is only 45
Futures looking super green - market doesn’t care about lockdowns in Europe
[deleted]
Real estate broker kind of fall in the same category. My dad just have a high school diploma and been doing six figures commissions since he was 21. Seven figure for the last few years but now he has been in the business for 30 years.
Lol nndm is getting pumped on Bloomberg 😂😂😂😂😎
Principle of Maximum Pain. People loaded up on puts...
Fuck that commie
Gonna be wishing you had it by EOW 🤡
r/homophobiccomments
[deleted]
❄️
Doesn’t look like UK lockdown really affecting the market. Unless we priced it in last week
Or lose thousands in a day lol
Bears were so happy lol
I hope you have others....
[deleted]
Go back to skoo kiddo
What is a Strasbaugh ?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dalio on Bloomberg rn essentially arguing for Chinese totalitarianism
Remember when Futures mattered? Pepperidge Farm doesn't.
Self-promotes*
*priced in*
Dollar and oil like a lie detector on this pump
Very wholesome. Nutritious and delicious
Tech is the weakest of all today. not good
332 rejected
Holy fuk the bears are fuked 🤡🤡
5% a week bahahahha
Wakey wakey stop playing with your snakey snakey.
[deleted]
Okay still didn’t answer what happened in 87
[deleted]
People talking about Algos but they don’t talk about the bigger story, like I do. Buy my book now. Written 5AM EST.
Any news?
Europe in no longer US ally

This time Europe lockdown is light
Then why are guns used symbolically by groups who believe in white superiority are said to be exercising their right but if a group of blacks did the same they would be slaughtered in the streets by police? 

Allowing access to firearms does not provide the disadvantaged with a chance to succeed if none of the other machinations of society align with that ideal. Firearm ownership thus becomes another form of oppression insidiously hiding behind the idea that everyone has an equal right to self defense.
What’s it’s called when a bull fucks a bear and they have a fucked up love child
265 11/6
Going to the gun store to sell this pistol I bought a few months ago. Hopefully I can cash in a little on the election today.
Not in this scenario
[deleted]
Why are minorities afraid of UPS drivers?
The bull/bear team mentality in here is just hurtful.
[deleted]
His twitter comments are full of starlink capital
Theta always wins
gay
Are you winning son?
Becky Quick you sassy girl, “DOW futures up 450 points. As the why, that’s anybody’s guess”
She got a face lift.
RIP BEARS
solid dd
left
Seriously tho...a election disaster is priced in. Don’t wait for March lows. You won’t see them again
Dad?
Why do that when you can make thousands in a day?
Usually runs up on election day.
The people most affected by lockdowns have the least money to spend
I didn’t know that, thank you
[removed]
I am going to cum buckets when Starlink IPOs. Also throw every cent I have at it lol
That weezer on CNBC just took me back
Price move comes first, which is reflected in IV, not the other way around
Until it doesn’t lmao
Bloody red like ur anus
Absolutely the way to go, "when/if" you wake up, you will be rich 100% of the time.
time for calls?
Shorting doesn't bring the price down selling does
especially if stimmy passed
nice I bought calls last week and the market tanked, held puts over the weekend and the market pumps
Check out money bags talking about being able to afford TWO avocados at the same time.
When will these gay bears ever learn. Puts are for hedging and just buying you reaction time to get rid of your positions.....
Lol
haha stonks only go right and up
[deleted]
Absolutely
Biy some VXX calls while your at it.
It is mostly for public job I think (at least here in Canada). Had one done for a civil job with law enforcement but thats it.
Story still valid. 100% of the money comes from YOU.
Lol
Thank god for the lockdown news, imagine if good news came out we would be blood red right now
Couldn’t they just watch apple instead?
No
Oh ok, I thought I was cause Bears r Gay
[deleted]
We're not paying the ransom to get him back, so you can keep covid .
See profit, take profit. Or at least sell most and leave a few to run.
[deleted]
There you go
Stay at that drive thru window!  Someone might pull up any moment.
Priced in!
What a exponential growth 

Nio delivered over EV 5000 cars in China
Pump is finished
A bunch of doughy pale hastie pudding eating englishman are holed up inside watching the FTSE.
You've had elections all year?
CLX to the 🚀
no. buy high sell low
Yea keep adding till after elections goes parabolic .v smart🧐
Bulls celebrating too early. Friday pump, AH pump, PM pump, y’all want another pump? I’ll be dollar averaging down all day.
Wednesday down, Thursday up, Friday down, Monday up, I wonder what Tuesday will be
I would reload
Vix starting to turn
Yes
Will crash anyway. Election tomorrow
He can't take pot shots, his king won't give him a loicense
I'd wait for the pullback
I had to buy when its in the $18s. I am hoping for an earnings run
[deleted]
NIO is bound forma big correction. Come back to this post later and post your loss porn
[deleted]
Papa Elon is smart. He will IPO the Starlink at the market bottom
Economics plays no part in today's markets...
So vix is just a measure calculated based on the current market dynamics. So you have to choose your tool to bet on the vix. 

Like VXX is rolling 1-2 month futures contracts I think
And UVXY is 1.5x that same thing

Those two are ones I sometimes use but there’s all sorts of options. There once even was a 3x etf but I think that’s gone. Do some googling and find one you like. 

Puts on uvxy if it spikes today or tomorrow is def a good move imo. Right now it’s too low and IV is too high so the move is played out. 

I think there might be inverse vix etfs too that could be good
[removed]
[deleted]
If nobody at my job has showed up in 30 mins, can I lose my job for leaving?
Futures does in fact, matters
I would
Vix too high, so I shall not buy. Not a call, and not a put or else my money shall be turned to soot.
Found the guy who breaks out in shame sweats after he engages in anal play.
Lolololol
I just can't believe this pre-market, I was expecting to go in negative after UK's lockdown. Oh and long live NIO.
Everyone knows we are green because the bears lost to the saints last night RIP
r/autism
Strike and exp date?
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020/gau34d5/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Update?
Bulls in 5
[deleted]
Hm
This is the sort of positivity I look for at WSB 🙏🏽
Do I sell my QQQ puts at open?
My stupid phone was still an hour ahead this morning. My alarm went off and I started driving to work. I went into a store to get a case of waters and realized it was still dark out and I was an hour early for work
flair checks out
[deleted]
Which one
I know, who can afford avocados?
How is it going? I bet your up a bit if you’re still holding this stock. I am putting it all on this stock too, so far so good.
morons, do they ever win a significant lawsuit? what is their win ratio 1:100?

tbh their stonkis are going down the sewer, I am out as soon as it recovers bad thing need to hold the position longer than I expected

It is a meme stonk
it will hit $35 and then $40 EOW. Oct delivery is super good and so is China data. This stock is immune from US election too.
EVERYBODY WHINING
Yeah maybe you can find someone to stick turds up your ass to test this hypothesis
Gayyyyy
LL actual EPS nearly triples the projected value
The market is going to pump super hard then fall off a cliff. Get out, guys.
You guys have a genocide like every 20 years
Lmfaoo.
[deleted]
No
[deleted]
Yes
✅
Premarket is going strong though. Go Bulls!!! 7 peat
I bet you're wrong. But I definitely placed a stop loss on that bet, dude.
Yes because we are too busy arguing about clean coal and the green new deal and whatever else. Dont be sad just buy calls
Knew I should have bought JMIA calls EOD friday.
I guess the printer still goes better.
Sounds like my penis, too.
Maybe open flat and stay flat
[removed]
No
Absolutely
Bears were cumming their pants all weekend over Uk lockdowns and the Weekend Dow. Lol, later nerds!
beat me to it
Yes
It's new gun owners buying up everything
GEX was super low at the end of week.  More volatility? Yes.  More downside? Not so much.
It ok. Everyone eats today.
Are you an expert? Im asking you!
This is the way
[deleted]
Opens red, guaranteed.
Hope everyone bought the dip friday because the climb back to ATH has begun.
All about that action, boss.
if everybody was an autist imagine how many more calls he’d get
[deleted]
Most of us were calling this Friday retard
Double bottoms and higher lows, etc, don’t correlate to anything, so thanks for your worthless post I guess
Buy nio leaps today or wait for a possible pullback tomorrow?
Haha the wealthy are so disconnected
No
At current rate, just another straight 6 more days of this, and AMZN will recover its losses from Friday.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nio is the gift that keeps on giving
Not for a loss thats how much the lesson cost so you never repeat
Bit early for all that. We are decentralizing and distributing tech and accept wfh is viable. Those two things could enable further booms but across the whole country. Who the hell thought we were going to see engineers flooding Boise??
I can feel Mango man waking up early today to run the printer himself. Sure he got tiny hands but I have faith in him that'd make the last day before election the greenest he can
[deleted]
By making using of stocks and options you can obtain a portfolio that is protected by large down moves or up moves. I suggest checking out tastytrade for their theory.

Also day trading will make you lose. Again and again and again. Sure you'll have some really good days but those bad days will hurt
Quick dip at open. Make all the idiots reload on puts. Then blast off into oblivion using their pain and sorrow as rocket fuel?
Greed huh? Every last one of us is greedy, bloodthirsty greed like you wouldn't believe, just ask all the experts if you don't believe me
Will Nio continue to 🚀at open?
[deleted]
Actually been reported that China had GDP growth this year and consumables factory production is up this month.
Kanye saved the market!
My "Fill outside RTH" orders are pretty real. I don't know what you are taking about
Long dated OTM is where it’s at
Gonna buy back the ccs I sold last monday at open and maybe sell more eod if we end supa
Green, does that count
Apple losing that lawsuit isn’t a big deal long term but may give headwinds to any movement up today.
**Pre-market is going to break some hearts.**   


Go over to r/relationship_advice because I don't want to hear about it.
That's why you're a retard
[deleted]
Every day is a fire sale when it keeps going up
I would say yes. Imagine tech stays where it is and everything non tech goes back to Feb highs and grows from there.
Ah fuck is it gonna just hang there and wait for us to buy calls
Yep. Buy leaps in oil, retail, airlines, cruises, and more and print money...but people only have the patience for weeklies 🙄
Nothing better than a Dick Shaped recovery.
83% of all trading is algos. Sorry to spoil your story
>It is unreasonable because I’m fairly certain he has a lot of rich friends that have money in the stock market

Yes, because if there's one thing we've learned in the last 4 years it's that Don would *never* put his own ego ahead of loyalty.
[deleted]
[deleted]
buy high, good idea
Shorts finance the 401ks bro
Bruh you gay as hell
More $NIO. Shares today and convert to leaps if it pulls back.
I sold tuesday at $27,50
Feels bad
[deleted]
Record day incoming before the election. Printer go brrrrrrrr to save orange man
Upside. But no one is willing to have any patience. If you can get leaps and shut your account you can still get wildly rich.
[deleted]
Spy cured Covid and retardation $420 eod
Welcome to Pre-market pajama trading, where everything is made up and the points don’t matter. That's right! Futures are just like your 10/30 AMD calls.
MAKE IT GO DOWN!! I AM CASH GANG AND I NEED IT TO GO DOWN!!
This looks like it’s gonna dump
Right after election day should be ur date for puts. Look at the history.
Most for a month. Only things closed down are restaurants (only eat in), bars, coffee shops (only eat in), and entertainment avenues. So near for a week then full on bull season.
Except for bears 

You can watch them in denial in replies
this is a sub for retards, wat do u expect?

anyway, i'm loaded with puts but also mostly cash
Yep retards will sell them we moon harder
I wouldn't have minded a red day to keep reloading on tech calls. But fr, seeing China stocks mooning hurts. Feeling like a generational shift is happening, they're coming out of the rona stronger, unlike us
are people buying ahead of the election or somn
[deleted]
Drill Team 6 has built up enough vacation days to take the rest of the year off.  Enjoy the warm sun and margaritas boys - you did some hard work this year.
I think you’re right it’s all about individual stocks at this point. Tech is the one that’s likely to drag
Anyone with half a brain knew we would pump
RARBG is a website that provides torrent files and magnet links to facilitate peer-to-peer file sharing using the BitTorrent protocol. From 2014 onward, RARBG has repeatedly appeared in TorrentFreak's yearly list of most visited torrent websites.

More details here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RARBG 



*This comment was left automatically (by a bot). If something's wrong, please, report it.*

*Really hope this was useful and relevant :D*

*If I don't get this right, don't get mad at me, I'm still learning!*
I dont wear a lockdown either
nah its live rn
What is rarbg?
More to give or more upside? Serious question
An option that has high vega, isnt that exactly how it works? Ome small move in volatility changes everything for high vega option? Am i still wromg
[deleted]
I'm gonna wait a little after open or maybe at the end of the day it'll go down a little but I'm gonna buy after.
Good night retards. See you at lunch. I’ll wake up around 12 pm
The reason is that too many of you retards bought puts
WHAT NOW?! BULL OR BEARS WINNING?!
Nice price action.
Can you guys all start wearing masks? I don't wear a second lockdown just like those europoors
facts
at this rate:

mango win +3% 

biden win +3%

contested election and widespread unrest: +.5%
[deleted]
Who isn’t ready for the M A G A P U M P ?
This guy has puts
wow .... this is some serious melt-up before an election
Called it 😎

Bears are fuk

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020/gatr79g?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3
Dude they diluted their shares and then had another offering detail priority buy-in which pinned down into the 40’s.  After that it got caught in the bear run. 

Super Bowl, College Football and southern states like Tennessee allowing DKNG sports book to be legal? Not being judgemental against them southern states but there’s a lot of sports gambling there, it’s madness.
[deleted]
No, unfortunately luck is a large part of the success equation. No amount of training can predict Mr.Market
Why didn't you sell thursday?
Paper handed bitch
Shows AAPL not even up 1%? AMZN too? Other sectors showing +3-4%
Not at all I’m liquidating my positions tomorrow and repositioning myself based on how the election goes I don’t play one side and one side only like a retard who hates money 
But this one is obvious there is no reason for today to be a 2% day we’re going to fade into a slightly Green Day most likely
In these volatile times I think straddles are amazing.
Did the market remember it doesn’t give a shit about covid lockdowns and mango insanity? Gotta be an opportunity to buy puts no???
there's been 2 months of fear though
[deleted]
When all you fucking neck beards realize that so many sectors outside of tech haven’t recovered or reached all time highs...you’ll understand this market still has more to give on the upside...
>a terrorist attack every year

Yo! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_terrorism_in_Europe and wiki only lists the clear cut cases...
You ever take a shit 💩 and after you get done you’re like that felt amazing? You ever think like wow, this felt so good coming out, I wonder if it would feel amazing if something went in?
K shaped recovery!
dooo et or ban!
Bag holding 👍
Had NIO (NIO) $32c. Expired worthless last week. Feels bad man
[deleted]
MMs going to feast on bears today, while bears continue to buy puts at the bottom lmfao
[deleted]
♊♍🔫
Cardi B's nips tanked the market last week. Not sustainable. Get fuk bears
[deleted]
???
not sure ... i hardly ventured outside of Beijing/Shanghai.  but i can tell u that at upper middle class, foreign prestige brands are now frowned upon when there are comparable local brands
Profit or mastery comes at a cost of the 10,000 hours. So assuming you complete the 10,000 hours regardless of wins or losses. I think you can come out ahead in the long term but the path to 10000 can vary in expenses for many and some might quit
Laughs in nio
Thanks, I didn't know that
[removed]
RKT $40 by end of 2021
Greed in PM too tbh
QQQ puts at 1030
Retards still buying puts.

#INFINITE SQUEEZE
Tech is pumping dude
[deleted]
I don’t care, I’m holding VXX all week and probably averaging down. I see a ton of turmoil Tuesday night and onward. No way there’s a clear win
Price just downgraded...idk
Crowded short trade for election. MMs making some money then dumping.
Will give awards to lots of ppl if we end green eod.
Mooning this early this week with all that's going on is somehow making me feel better about my puts...
So why is the premium and % to be itm down considerably already? Teach me something o wise one? How does it work? Youre user name says youre learningoptions so... Tell me what youre learning
i agree with your statement. i guess seeing sucessful trader i wonder if it truly is just luck or if thoeretically they somehow increased their chances for success
[deleted]
living the glory days.  Related note have a friend that always brings up the 85 bears.
Whole market pumping. Except tech. Lol
Guys you’ll understand that these big Green Day’s and red days are all unpredictable unless you know every firms formula for trading. In case you didn’t know, the algos you’ve been hearing about is just short for algorithms for trading
So what do you want me to do??? Not take the free tuition??? I give up most of a weekend to work and also it take my classes super serious. Also in multiple student organizations.
Market is green on more days than it is red

Being a bear is fuckin retarded
dude, if you think America has a class divide, go to Beijing.

In my previous jobs at both Oracle and Accenture, Beijing based executives at Directors/VPs are paid 20%+ higher than their American counterparts.
If you only do it 3 times a week on SPY you’re good. But PST doesn’t apply to cash accounts.
What a rug tug!
[deleted]
Holy shit NIO doubled deliveries in Oct? Please tell me we will moon today I need it fuck
Nio gang again sonny
Please do. Would you like an ITM strike?
Any european exchange that you recommend?
fun fact sometimes shrimp have infections and they grow a mold like substance towards their head
"Nah."

-- Tech
Who here is bullish enough to buy calls at open???

Idiots lmfao I’m going balls deep in puts and they’re gonna print
 News?
jesus boys, i sold for loss on friday...FUCK
More like people are afraid of shortages of household goods, which will lead to national unrest. Happened a lot in March, when you couldnt find pasta or toilet paper
[deleted]
you can only beat them if you dont sell
And you didn’t say either
[deleted]
Bulls get a lot more chances to flee their positions with their balls still attached than bears 🐻
OK, honestly this source actually lays out the issue.  Bonus, it is a liberal paper so harder to argue it is biased against gun control.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/2020/07/16/biden-gun-control-poverty/
The same thing will happen as when Obama won the second time. Your camp on the other hands supports Marxist and black supremacist militias that burn down cities, and contested the last election for almost 3 years.
Now explain the other 3 weeks in october it was tanking
[deleted]
Switching teams is dumb, I for myself am bearish since 1931.
Tech, bruh catch back up with the others. Earnings weren’t even that bad lol. And it’s not like corona is going anywhere soon.
This is beautiful. Hope it stays green long enough to load up on more contracts.

Be careful, bulls.
Puts are going to be on sale at open boys.
Irrelevant. It’s not about maybes. It’s a binary yes or no.
RIP in pepperonis bears
[deleted]
Why would I not take bankruptcy advice from someone who has gone through bankruptcy? It would be far less advisable to take this advice from someone without a financial blemish on their record as they're speaking from a place of conjecture (not referencing your experience as a loan officer, although LOs are the male equivalency of MLM moms in my opinion)
Wrong, that's not how it works
We’ll end at like +/- .1% with a huge volatility crush and a CNBC headline like ‘markets muted ahead of election’. Why?  Because I have UVXY calls. 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Dead Cat Bounce?
[deleted]
You’re a trapped bear. Look at yourself
Calls on BEKB?
Just another day to load more DKNG puts
Market cap*
Does a 0.04% sound like a confident prediction to you?
[deleted]
Apple at 0.85% while the rest of the market is taking off, easy puts
I think DKNG is going to get pumped hard as gambling is opening up in more states, and their stock sell off dilution has finally settled, during last week.
Ah I c, the classic big gay bear picking blue berries
Down 8% was a total bear trap 
Definitely not 2% AH/futures pump being a bull trap during an -8% week in an obvious bearish pattern with no catalyst for a pump
It's not like you're going to magically predict the market one day. Best thing to realize is no one knows where it will be on a certain day.
If you held puts over the weekend, you should be ashamed. RIPIP
Inverse wsb
AMZN just staying dead now, lol
Polls didnt say that, and results were within margin of error in 2016 as usual. 

Even if trump repeated his nationwide "poll beat" by the same amount this year, he *still* wont win because biden is just too far ahead. 

Most good analysts gave trump a 33%ish chance of winning in 2016. That isnt "hillary had an impossible lead" lmao
Chapter 11 gang where u at?
[removed]
it’s coming.
WSB had calls all last week, and loaded up on puts on Friday
The virus already smoothed your brain. There is no hope RIP
thats a fair assumption. i guess what im asking is if hypothetically you would be more sucessful or if this is one of those things that some people got and some people dont
Greed by open.
I said I was a big gay bear, not that I had big gains. Fuck, they were so tiny r/smallstreetbets wouldn't accept them on the sub.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bullish
omg... BABA and NIO gonna get me that yacht sooner than i thought
lmao yeah.

"nobody can prove a working method, they just use anecdotes"

"you're wrong, here's my anecdotes that prove it"

the guy cant see the irony...
These days only my wife..
You dont want to live on the bare minimum for three years while your debtors take the rest of your income, trust me.
Remindme! 3 days
From the looks of it, no. Maybe by eod though
GREEN GREEN GREEN
[deleted]
Bro I’m American, I’m just calling things as I see them from an Investor’s standpoint. I have no positions in Nio.
This. Guns are easy to find (may have to pay a little premium) but ammo... $0.40-$.50 a round if you’re lucky
Right here as always
*He said, proudly looking at his 3.47 shares.....*
[deleted]
i guess they had to have some success to be able to talk about stocks and to get some to listen
Damn you know it’s pumping when even DKNG is green
I wasn’t notified, didn’t get a phone call, no i
Text massage or email. Where were u?
Bear r fuk
Good, now take those gains and turn gay again at open, worst that can happen is theta fuckery, we’ve seen top in pm ain’t no way we go higher than 332
For Bears this week was their best hope
Red by open?
damn expected green monday but not crackhead green pump. dollar and oil saying fake to this rally, let’s see if it holds.
isn't comparing the shape of graphs a total waste of time?  you can zoom in our out on any stock chart and find matching shapes that are essentially meaningless
Theory might work, assuming your money was at play for 10,000 hours. In the market versus watching the market.
Nobody tell him...
I’m not talking about on a long term basis
On the 30 mins 15 min and 5 min /ES RSI is in the 80’s and resistance at 322 is a sign that a reversal is coming retard
Cool. The Chinese sure know how to pump up a stock.
Looks like I may be right, SolitaryEgg :)
[deleted]
Trump victory, fossil fuel moon—Energy Transfer 7c 1/15/21—$.14
Peeps calling for a blood bath when everything I own is already close to all time lows... what gives

....Although everything I own is in europoor
Puts on discount, don’t fret bears
so you really just stealing memes from the cry p to people now huh
No... it's T&A.
Guess who held NOV 16 spy calls over the weekend? 👻
I was a big gay bear all last week.
isnt everything uncontrollable to an extent? i suppose it also depends how you define success
Pat yourself! U deserved it
massive sell off or massive blast off. tune it at 930 to find out.
Rug pul wont be known via futures dummies.
Hence it’s called a rugpul and will be only through market hours
You would think so, but then I watch these professional analysts talking out of their butts and guessing just like we do, so eh.
Cool
buy buy buy!!! fire sale!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tony Robbins has entered the chat
Sold my puts Friday because I made 80% profit on them and didn’t want to take a chance with the possibility of Monday being green.
At the upper-left corner of the '0' write a '1'. Use a diagonal cross from upper-left to lower-right to cross out BOTH the '1' and the '0'. Write a '9' on top of the crossed-out '10'. Then and only THEN can you repeat the process on the next digit to the right. It's the most important part of printing more money. Many countries around the world print more money without first lowering interest rates closer to zero. Perhaps they don't have a No. 2 pencil with an eraser on the top. JPOW wields a No. 2 pencil in ways that ensure infinite money printing.
UNLIMITED QE
RemindMe! 1 year “call this guy a retard again”
Remy fucking called it. Respect the pup, bitches
The Bull and Bear meet together at the altar of the Kangaroo.
I warned you all that sell off was due to month end asset reallocation and be very careful buying puts Friday. Instead wait to see how Monday open.
[deleted]
Europe: Full COVID lockdown

Also Europe: Never Been Better! Nothing to see here!
Starting a Chipotle I see
*checks flair*

Hmm I don’t believe your research tactics
What about those Kangaroos?
Go master something you have control over. That theory stops being relevant when you’re playing a game of chance everyday predecided before the market even opens for that day
Dollar too high, oil too low. This shit is fake
This is the true reason why a lot of institutional buyers are going on TV and hating on the retail trader. Because they know, that we know the secret sauce, if it drops sit tight and hold. We took away their lunch😂
Thank you Italy 🌝
Bears are fucked. Because WSB was too fucking bearish all weekend long
Massive sell off at open
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** What company let you down the most?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmk7fh
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmk7fh) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/entrancehere, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
entrancehere
Sahilmenon01
dwm42
[removed]
Bears get rkt again! This is J mother f’ing Pow you guys are playing with god!
This is the way.
You and your 🖨 should know.
someone put all their eggs in one basket didnt they🤧
Yeah this is actually retarded
I’m selling at open. I have all tech calls and tech is lagging. 🤡🤡
That was 2016
It’s the three months prior to nov. did you even read the article?
you think the territory is a valley, instead of a mountain?
Mm good to know. Would u go for vix puts?
Well ya don’t need much employment for a population of 762,000 people... lol
God bless European lockdowns
[deleted]
Last week was a bear trap.

&#x200B;

Thanks for coming to my Ted talk
Seems like that is the way these days, que no? Ladt week coins ripping market drilling
Loll
Fade until open
[deleted]
Don’t let this rabbit boil your market
Nikola up 2.5% Pre-market, who did this??
Wake me up if it goes over 30.
Lol they’re in for a surprise
Oh that’s what I was looking for 😂yeah those Chinese know how to make stocks moon hard 😂😂
[deleted]
Welcome back GME, nice to ***Squeeze*** you again, hurhur
The power of a double top shouldn't be underestimated. The triple top is just a rule of the universe.

Some things about TA make sense, many others only make sense because TA is a self-fulfilling prophecy.

I like to think of it as "TA tells you more or less how the price will go, but it doesn't tell you where."

Imagine thinking that you could explain March with TA.
This is the opportunity to get in for election play puts :D I’m all in Wednesday spy puts at open
logically would it be unreasonable to assume if you dedicate 10,000 hours+ to something (aka stock trading) youll become a master at it?
No Nutcase November - turning off Cnbc for the whole damn month.
Weird. I haven't met a single person who has one or has even tried to buy one. Only person I know who's an apple fanboy basically just said "no stimulus check so will hold onto my 11 for another year".
Yes. And all month long after don wins in a landslide Tuesday
Surely this is a fake out before the floor falls through?
Don’t shoot the messenger. The election is tomorrow
But u want to be on them before it falls hard no?
Buy puts then
Don’t shoot the messenger. The market priced in a Biden victory. It was razor thin, but it happened. https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/01/investing/stock-market-joe-biden-donald-trump-election/index.html
Ah fuck, I can't stay cash for long... back into AMD.
do you wish you covered you nose with your mask now?
Bring back thick Vic then!
Think it will last till Friday?
[deleted]
Haha. Pdt you cruel mistress
The hpuse wins again. I will be clawing myself back (hopefully) to somehwhere near where i was last week for the next couple months. Goodluck mi bruddah
100% this
TAN, ICLN, & LIT with Biden. JETS, FDN, & XHB with Trump
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Paypal ER AH, and a ton of noteworthy ER on Thursday (SQ, Roku, Uber, Pton etc).
Who does?!  The world runs on money, not morals.
[deleted]
Ride pump through Friday
I'm net 110k starting from 3k in feb. How are your gains fuckstick?
congrats!
But TeSlA WaSnT JuSt a CaR CoMpAnY😂
[deleted]
yeah from 1 to 2 cars
Who gives a shit. Jump on the tendie train
That’s definitely not what’s happening lol
That’s one account retard. The majority of Trump supporters are poor - but yes, some are wealthy

Not sure I trust the word of a username who is addicted to gambling and is a stoner. You broke.
NIO =  TSLA
Ban
My touchscreen is fuk from all the wanking on ma gains
Aww poor gay ass bear lost money
betting odds on trump offer handsome payback. +188 line   [https://www.oddschecker.com/us/insight/specials/politics/20201102-2020-us-presidential-election-odds-66pp-of-wagers-this-weekend-on-trump-beating-biden](https://www.oddschecker.com/us/insight/specials/politics/20201102-2020-us-presidential-election-odds-66pp-of-wagers-this-weekend-on-trump-beating-biden)  very nice
That’s an hour going back not time itself getting slower
Because put prices which is a huge part of the vix calculation don’t change ah. Hence futures indicate the upcoming move
PDT has entered the chat.
[removed]
Does market open move with daylight savings too? Normally 9:30 EST open
Ride the pump till tomorrow, then dump, and reup during the drop?
Lol cause they were super small before that. 5000 cars is nothing 😂😂
dollar's coming down
I just straight up bought calls
[deleted]
Daylight savings
[deleted]
My money is on this is a bull trap & they’re probably hoping to scare a few shorts into closing and puts into selling.

It’s gonna work too. Cuz people are fuckin idiots. I’m buying more puts.
NIO on the move again. 33 will be penetrated shortly
He went.
[deleted]
your brain will be mush from the virus
What is?
Well, looks like DIX and GEX on Fri was correct in predicting today.

Good morning y'all!
That what i tell myself when i lose big
exactly big name brands. two of three brands you just listed are considered luxary vehicles not to mention ALL of the ones you have listed have luxary lines. and not one of the ones you mentioned are electric.
Same bullshit people use to say about Tesla
Just switch teams u fool
Jd run up to 11/13 earninga, riding coattails for baba earnings this week? 95 next week? Inverse myself? Leggo jd
Does anyone else feel like time has slowed down a lot in the last couple days?
you think picking up shares and selling CC would be a good idea no right
Puts on ROPE?
Sounds like wasted time for everyone involved. Get a real degree
LAC. Averaged at around $14.25 and then it completely shit the bed to where it is now ($9-$10).
This better not be a theta day
satire-- today
Buying puts on a red day is just silly
The reported deliveries earlier. Up 100% year to year
VIX is barely down from prior week. Wouldn't advise it.


Disclaimer : I'm a bear
Guess what, 6 days before election is also historically green, and we’ve never been down this much. But we all know what happened.
Holy shit I just went bankrupt.
Sleep in until next Monday
[deleted]
He left early bro 😥
C H I L L  T E A M  S I X
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2020-11-04 11:23:19 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-11-04%2011:23:19%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jmkz1s/daily_discussion_thread_for_november_02_2020/gavxnvp/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjmkz1s%2Fdaily_discussion_thread_for_november_02_2020%2Fgavxnvp%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-11-04%2011%3A23%3A19%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20jmkz1s)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|
And it’s such an amazing company but they need to shill it in here every 10 minutes. China has smoll pp and bad companies
Oil down dollar up pyjama fomo

lol
#NIOGang
Just been asked why I laughed so hard when I looked at futes
What’re you even talking about?

Seems more prevalent somewhere like San Fran. https://youtu.be/5gT5NULvRSk
*Market at ATH, Greedy idiots buy calls and make money.*
11/2 the day the big bear purge has begun

&#x200B;

time to cover
remindme! 2 days. Was this guy full of shit?
Wire Transfers to keep margin at acceptable level. Broker called to say good morning and reminded me.

But the market is up, you say. Yeah hummm. About that hummm. I don't want to go further into this discussion.
[deleted]
This 331 pre-market is giving me hope I shouldn't be having. All I can really do is hope it goes up, but expect it'll go down.
I would like that but I doubt if it will be uncontested. 

A simpler (but unpopular) explanation is a Mango landslide and goes uncontested.
Wake me up if it goes over 20
You’re officially rich
[deleted]
The bears were dancing the past week...
If he dies he dies
Rather long needles
[deleted]
Nio stock is doing well not the actual company u know that right?
If its killed every overweight peoples in america the death rate would be higher.
[deleted]
Need a move over 332 for any chance at an uptrend or else we are going right back down
RIP man you had a solid run
[deleted]
Cool stay in China we know you have no values
This guy thinks gun stocks benefit from a Trump win
thats interesting. i know as a whole chinese people are very proud so it makes sense they would support local brands. i wonder if it is isolated to bigger cities or if its common throughout. id like to think most of the US is pretty nationalistic as well
Trying to figure out how severe were the cases before going to the ventilator. If u didnt know ventilators are tubes down ur wind pipe and the body fights it.   ,,Being on a ventilator may make you more susceptible to pneumonia, damage to your vocal cords, or other problems.’’

Got it from here 
https://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health-topics/ventilatorventilator-support

I hardly believe it was covid that gave your guys severe breathing problems.  Also I heard doctors are payed to put people on ventilators, like thousands of dollars
lol i got the hint these ain't your average joes. proceed with caution i guess
Wrote an article post about the incoming rally, but to sum it up, stocks only go up
Buy high sell low gang
[deleted]
Ban
Viagra might help
Yeah my calls are going to print hard toda either way. Bought at the bottom on Friday.
The algo laughs as it secures the premium
Toyota? Honda? Lexus? Nissan? Infiniti? Genesis? Retard.
[removed]
[deleted]
There's a lot of confidence towards the upside in here. I mean A LOT
TIL that Nio is not traded at Hong Kong exchange but only at American and French exchange. So they only want Americans to put money in Nio? Very legal Very assuring

Positions: short Nio credit put spreads (bullish position opened 10 days ago)
I’m investing in a private militia that provides services for assault if Biden wins. I need to ask if I should check life insurance stocks too. Maybe people will take precautions and buy life insurance but maybe nothing will happen in the end and life insurance stocks increase.
why is shitcoin inversing futures
Imagine being a...

*looks at futures*

Ha! Imagine being a bear
Idk what that means
This is dumb af. 40b market cap they have sold like 25k cars in their existance.

Tesla like a 380b company and will have 500k this year.

Nio is more retardo bubble than Tesla.

Look at the numbers other than fucking share price you fucking morons.
All of this rhetoric against China from our president is only driving the Chinese to become even more nationalistic. Unlike the American consumer, the Chinese have no problem with voting with their pocketbooks. Why Nio is doing well.
4h chart, and markets aren't even fully open
[deleted]
maybe now is the time to buy $RKT, earnings run up minus huge sell off ??
Isn't she wallstreet candidate? I feel like we will be fine.
I need to have a word with you about my method of looking at the market as it shows the opposite of what you say..

MY TA is option prices themselves.. and there is more premium short term on the upside, but then later I see more premium on the down side..

I'll explain later, but that may. actually possibly be the real reason we are up now, as this is a short term pump before a dump..


Let's talk on discord. Send me a pm or ill send you one..
Vix puts?
It's normal, don't worry. Happens all the time here and they all come back a few months later allllll fine. It's the "autism"
Holy shit balls of steel my guy! 

Strike?
Shoutout to the retard who told me to “stop pumping rocket” On Friday after it bottomed out
Positions or ban
483!
yes
Puts on spelling while we’re at it!
roses are red
economic instability says HAYY
all the stockys still be gay
I think it’s finished
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/usps-slowing-mail-trump/
[deleted]
I will. Not gonna allow it to slip below average price and baghold yet again.
This could be a gap and crap. Don’t get caught on the wrong side.
For what reason?
All of this rhetoric against China from our president is only driving the Chinese to become more nationalistic. The Chinese have no problem with voting with their pocketbooks.
Hi everybody, welcome to the Trump Casino today. Make your money ready and open your pocket wide.

PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY...

Thanks.
It is what it is
Hey buddy. Sold all my SPY puts at near max gains Fri and switched to calls very close to all lows around 2:50pm. 

CHWY 18 Dec 70c   /   DKNG 19 Feb 21c   /   ETSY 18 Dec 24c  /   FDX 18 Dec 140c   /   SQ   20 Nov 165c

I think SQ, FDX is going to print hard. Others will also but I am not sure I’ll hold anything. May see how today goes take gains, and move back into weekly SPY puts ATM.
[deleted]
Here college dance video is good

https://youtu.be/PLQw9TgDu3o
Thoughts on PINS for today?
Not to late bro! Look at its market. Buy buy buy
Buy in today or you’ll miss the recovery
[removed]
Overbought after an 8% drop lmao. Do you even understand TA? Check out the weekly RSI on Spy
[deleted]
my 50k in NIO $35 call purchased last friday is gonna print so fucking much
How likely will this pump last?
Msft has been disappointing for a while too :(
If you decide to buy something be flexible enough to sell at a moment's notice
what the fuck. I’ve waited till now to check futures and they’re bigly green??? Has to be a joke
[removed]
Cause you’re being a bitch
Inverse yourself. It’s easy.
[removed]
market is starting to price in the idea the biden wins decisively.
[deleted]
[removed]
Election Week.
[removed]
[removed]
0 dte $SPY calls today 🧐
the Chinese market today is very different from say, 5 years ago.  

I travelled regularly Beijing before the pandemic.  The market now is much more nationalistic and support for local brands is seen as patriotic.  That's in fact the only reason why Huawei phones is No 1.
[removed]
[removed]
5.9k buying FDs , Thats it? Is everyone lazy or broke?
[removed]
Weeklies puts are going to get destroy so hard that’s crazy how overpriced it was on Friday
So that makes J Pow Dumbledore, obviously(In snape voice)
Why am I terrified of buying anything today?
No shit!
I’m buying a V1 rocket, then sell it for a high price! Buy low, sell high!
What the actual fuck is this bullshit?
*Market crashes all last week*.*Greedy idiots buy puts at the bottom*
You misspelled Tesla
Cause they were probably pricing in a worst case scenario lockdown. Then they announced one month and some uncertainty was taken out
ban
idk it's something my homie KornPop used to say he had chains
[deleted]
It's cheaper, homegrown and customised for the Chinese consumer
Welp more panic buy please
We are all gonna die... and when we do whats it all for? Better live now before the grim reaper come knocking on your door
i hope we go 1% more higher...i will buy more puts.
I’m doing a whole thesis for my Doctorates Degree about the massive physical similarities between people who live in North Dakota and the people in Hills Have Eyes
They never needed go be saved. You will be fine.
I'm not trying to say lock everything down, or even that I'm afraid of getting it. But dingus is straight up denying it's a problem, ignoring it, and encouraging everyone else to ignore it. This could eventually cause a catastrophic overwhelm of our hospitals, and then a massive upspike of deaths.
Burying all those Grandmas is bad for business
If we keep cutting in half maybe we'll get some decent content for once
They do every day already
Where are you getting that from? 

Cheapest Nio cars are more than 50k USD. Chinese middle class has more money than American middle class?
Pretty damn severe. These people were very sick, one has permanent breathing difficulties. What are you getting at here?
satire++ doesn't understand satire & sarcasm
Should be an interesting day lol
[deleted]
Morning Boys. Made some tea. Cleared my cache because I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

Not falling for this fake pump. Looking forward to waking up to stability.I'd go back to my ex if I wanted this kind of chaos.

Don't let this market boil your rabbit.
It's definitely good odds that there is contested state..but if either candidate has a win by more than what the "contested" state is worth in votes then what's the point of contesting market will react with confidence that X candidate is the next president.
Jesus kids just do your research. The day before elections is historically green. I’m riding calls today and buying puts at close. It’s not fucking hard
This is just smart investmenting. 

Hence why wealthy political donors give to both sides of the spectrum. Gotta pay to play, son!
[deleted]
[deleted]
while i understand the price point is appealing, i just cant see i being a sustainable company unless it truly becomes a big name brand as a whole. no asian would be caught dead with a knock off versace, gucci, etc. i feel like as a culture they use what they have until it doesnt work. so they would rather have a 5 year old versache than be caught dead with a kate spade. i feel like the same would apply for a tesla, youre buying a brand not a car. same with peloton, exercise bikes and programs have been around forever they just created a community and a brand that FEELS different and elite
Everyone is like: wtf pump wtf.

Remember its covid time. Bad is good and good is bad.

Normally uncertainty is bad, but now its good. Therefpre its pumping time 📈
Wall St.
Dearly beloved,
What? How?
And how severe were the symptoms. If you have a common cold you dont get put on a ventilator so wanna establish the severity
Last Thursday? Lol
Hold on guys i just woke up im going to check BABA PM ill be right back
5k huh? Not even Elon has reached that level lol.
Only cost 60k, worth every penny.
stonk only goes up
I think today is going to bamboozle both bears and bulls. 

Futures give some hope to bulls, followed by bigly sell off soon enough, to offer hope for bears, then closing at around +-0.01%.
Name some gun stocks
just another reason to keep my fingers away from nio I think I just missed the rocket. 
if it triples so be it but i won't feel bad as I know its undeserved
You will die 100%
Puts always cheaper in the morning
The great is yet to come!!!!!
It's like Ron Baron once said. People who sell a stock and wait for the dip go lower while the stock go high again dont buy back in. I just rather hold and sell it when i need to sell call me a p*ssy
It was 193 a few weeks ago so quite a way to go
Trick, Trap, Fool and Frustrate Crew. Aka smart money. Their only goal is to make as many traders look stupid, as much of the time as possible.
I used to have friends before they found out I like to buy puts 😔
Could see a +5% Day today.
[deleted]
God.  Ive seen these types of comparisons every fucking dip since 2009.  Some genius thinks its 1929 all over again lol.  Then a bunch of put holders come and circle jerk each other over the weekend.
Tbh beer seems unaffected, because people will drink it at home. Good call!!
No. These were all people in their 20s. Luckily they survived.
🐻!! I PROPOSE A TRUCE!  LETS US JOIN FORCES SO THAT WE MAY PLUNDER THE LANDS OF THOSE GODLESS HEATHENS CASHGANG
Dear gay bears. Put all the downvotes into your account. The direction is the same at least.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020/gaug7v0/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Damn my uvxy calls are dead in the water
[deleted]
[deleted]
i climb on your stupid wall
Don't be confusing the map with the territory
Bears fuk

Bulls fuk

Just a casual day
I am rockhard
Okay I’m not gonna lie. I was making fun of the priced in thing all day yesterday. Im kinda scared now 🤡
[deleted]
Were they old ? And did they die after being put on a ventilator ?
The Month of Novembrrrrrr
If I had to guess... it’s because Nio is from the Matrix. He wears all black. Bats are black. China loves to eat bat. That’s why
Its pretty much backed by the Chinese government
Or is it just the algos getting us to buy in at the high before the drop?
That is weird. Thought she admitted she lied to advance her career and falsified evidence. Oh well, I guess she made millions off the divorce and ruined Depp's career. There was like a year worth of articles saying how Amber is a total piece of shit because of what she did. Nothing matters in the end.
I got you, haven't been for one today
Fuck another shutdown, just rip that shit off like a band aid
Yes. Multiple people actually. A few who were fully hospitalized and ventilated.
Yea im so fking dumb that i only make Profit in the Markets and U wsb Kids think u are the smartest cuz U Made some Profits in a Bull Market. 
God this Reddit is so hilarious
they took all the bread
[0 evidence?](https://publicinterestlegal.org/blog/244-counties-have-more-registered-voters-than-live-adults/)

[0?](https://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/sep/23/colorado-voter-fraud-revealed-slew-of-ballots-cast/)

[beyond dumb?](http://www.g-a-i.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Voter-Fraud-Final-with-Appendix-1.pdf)


If it instead 100% that's damn near a mathematic impossibility.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing to be called?
Havent seen Futes this Strong since forever.
Market always rises day before election
[deleted]
I guess I will turn back to bull today. Good thing I went cash gang on Friday eod. Hello brother bulls! BEARS ARE FUKKKKK
Don't be late lil Johnny
Nio isn’t doing so well, but then again, maybe they will in the future?!
VW even sells more EV's than Nio...
gonna be honest if you would have told me after the uk announcement of lockdown that markets would be this green id have called you a dog faced soldier pony
nio is EV for the middle class.

it's half the price of a tesla
I regret not hopping on months ago
research more of his actual presidency. being a good orator allows people to look past what you are actually doing
2 days weekend theta decay too.
[deleted]
I grabbed some chewy and spy calls on Friday (felt like the risk to reward ratio was worth it)
Yeah hummmm. If the dollar loses its status then we are doomed. All down moves are purely theatrical. They will keep the market up because the market is held in dollars.

King dollar
[deleted]
Thanks dude

You doing gods work
That's like saying a 30 year old minivan is better than a brand new Ferrari because it can fit 7. Just because it can doesn't mean it should.
Take that shit back to Canada, or Norway, of any of the other G20 countries!  

Round here, taxes are only for bombs and business bailouts.

'Murica!
Dumbest comment of the week, so far.
That its Bad TA is the whole Point of My post
>VXX down this much


I’m sorry, did you hoes stop buying options or something?
Stock is up 2000% (YOY).

Makes sense.
why is nio doing so well in china? i feel like tesla is  a household name and asians in general are caught up with the big brands and keeping up with trends ex. designer handbags, shoes, jewelry. overall very big in high quality luxury goods and truthfully i didnt hear about nio until this sub
Dow Futes +2%
[deleted]
Someone going for an engineering degree can take a couple extra classes and go that route instead once most of the math classes are done.

It is probably more difficult than a generic business or criminal justice degree but if you can handle the math it isn’t anything to be afraid of.
Holy crap, would you look at SQ. Woah. Just hit through 158
As someone who's new to the stock market, what exactly do you have to do to screw up this badly? (No offense op, just trying to learn from other's mistakes)
That was the top.




I hope 🤞
Ich trink jetzt erstmal ein Bier weil ich ständig Geld verlier
Fuck off with your self promotion
I miss Steve Irwin. With he was still with us.
Yes, I fully support your YOLO on GME. Take that $45k and 10x it for us all 😁
Day before the election lololol, keep dreaming 🌈 🐻
China manufacturing data out
[removed]
Mr.Market is clearly still riding his weekend bender.
Gotta love inverse wsb.  Works till it doesn’t.
Silly gay bears, dicks are for chicks 😂
Thank you. I needed that laugh. I’ve been doing homework relentlessly for college and getting called in to work for 3 days straight. It really was helpful.
Can you buy just 1 Costco stock or do they come in a box of 48 ?
if there's going to be a shitstorm, market should be going down today.  i tot market is always "forward looking"?
Dear baby jesus trump. Please tweet trade talks not going well
[deleted]
>hope some of you made nice tendies last week

Month*
[deleted]
Biden is more Obama’s special needs sidekick.
Calls? Printing. Bears? Shambled. 

Reminder that Bears = Slytherin and Bulls = Griffyndor

https://youtu.be/351Aa5q_S98
soooooooo buy puts cheap today for the rest of us?
Zimbabwe used to be known as the bread basket of Africa, now...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Futes heading to +2% already.
acb is hotter and she has 7 kids lol
At this point it should be part of everyone’s portfolio
90% bullish positions but this is fake & gay pump. Gonna sell some credit call spreads at open.
bet Richard loves stonks
No u
This hit my soft spot
Fight and flight
Cant Help people Like U.. Ur gonna learn it the hard way i guess.
BABA is making everyone rich 🤑
[deleted]
Hulk meets Shrek Dildo Spike.
NIO up 7% in premarket 

my $30 11/6 calls might be saved.
[removed]
I fomo'ed Thursday AND Friday. Love this stock
Inverse WSBs. Buy at home, sell when you’re outside.
It would be guns in case of a Biden win 

Or else maybe this is why this is on Wall Street bets and not r/investing 😂
I liked Obama, so I'm voting Biden. Biden is Obama 2.0.

Bring on the downvotes
Just a pump today and tomorrow to make room for the shitstorm to come
[deleted]
Lol
Stop holding puts overnight yo it’s obvious that we would rebound
Lmao
One in the pinky, two in the stinky!
Ok, was not expecting SPY to rip like this. Not sure how to play this one. Gut is saying wait until it indicates direction to judge peak, and get weekly atm puts.
I don’t mind paying a little extra taxes for a better society.
And on the day of our lord November the Second, let it be known:  

ber r fuk
WE NEED SOMEONE WHO TAKES THE VIRUS SERIOUSLY, OR WE'RE FUCKED.
[deleted]
Shit sold off like crazy last week, dont be a moron, but it doesn’t mean economy is collapsing
You’re fucking retarded and that’s saying something given what subreddit this is.
[deleted]
Lol fucking doomer bears. I hope some of you made nice tendies last week, but the rest of you that FOMOed in when the markets were down massively, enjoy that green folded dildo.
Or be more like America and wish it away
Possibly. Highly unlikely. He doesn’t know where he’s at half the time.
[deleted]
I love your flair lol
Will hit 40 soon
apparently lockdowns are good for europe economy and there will be no uncertainty in the US election?
jesus fucking christ could we have 1 red candle its been about an hour
its already at a 42B market cap tho, how high can it really go unless people pump it like tesla?
i don't see too much more growth if you look at other car companies which id say are nios non electric equal (Best selling car brand in China Volkswagen 66B / second place Honda 40B) 

even if it replaces both VW and Honda, that's lets say 100B.
150% growth 
im sure there are companies who can do better but what do I know 😬
Please everyone vote to restore this post
Yeah I see it’s just keep pumping like crazy. The annoying part is that I had 2000 stocks when it was like five 😂😂😂
[deleted]
Looks like fomoing into NIO Friday paid off
Short shakeout by those evil MMs. Short spy for election and long VIX is a very crowded trade and they can’t just have people making easy money like that. Load up on puts - contested election and 100k+ Rona - they will print.
Aren’t the people who are dying already past normal life expectancy? Also diabetics and overweight people?
How is anybody still taking this thing seriously?
AOC is so hot
[deleted]
[deleted]
Europe really needs to put their shit together like Asia. Second lockdown like wtf.
in-between arbitration
Good boi
I do hope you are right...  I like the green I'm seeing on my screen right now
tendies
This is the easiest setup ever for a Monday morning MMs being so kind to us bears
If you don’t buy puts at open you hate money this is clearly overbought like crazy and we’re about to hit resistance around 322-323
the election is better for ratings, although if america doesn't go into lockdown it will be a shit show
Yeah they are the best though so you really didn't have a better choice.
Guess im buying 0dte puts at open
Yeah keep wishing.
Fair enough
[deleted]
Well that’s good to know
[deleted]
[deleted]
Down she goes
Ouch. At least you still got more than the most here.
Or just use your two thumbs on the graph and two pointer fingers to screenshot
just 7
Unstoppable
It's been the most free money ever dude. Come on in
a big joke. not trumps biggest fan but like trump said what has he done in 40 years. i really dont think the economy will change much no matter what happens. the pandemic isnt going anywhere anytime soon and i think tech and ev are going to become more relevant
lol I've 5 332c expiring today. Let's goo!
Ur mom am fuk
it's not the number of cases - that's just a statistic

but overwhelmed hospitals is not a statistic, it's reality and the only way out is to shut down
334 max I think.

Ladder short till then
Yeah dude, saw this. Nice.
I'm..... not in the greatest position

2,800 Shares of VIXY @ 20.91

will probably be fine, but this wasn't in the brochure
AMERICAAAAAA FUCK YEAAAA📈✅
he is retarded
20k 2023 50k 2030 1000000000000 2031
SPY is proving it this morning. 331 and going up???
Because I had shorts.
[deleted]
🦀
Don't be shy, NIO. Its ok to reach 33
Lmao I’m sorry bears. Don’t be manipulated by all the doom and gloom to buy more puts.
I yolod 9/2 335 calls just as a fuck you to the market
A nearly 80 point swing from the session low. Futures bears are truly fuk

I am fuk
[deleted]
If you holding puts you have a short window to dump

If you get greedy you are left  bag holding
We opening green af boi
[deleted]
Imagine buying puts AFTER a blood red week. 


🤡
HULK is bleeding.
Thats a sure way to lose money, stupid fuck.
Anecdotes
Vix futures is not the vix u can also look at the actual vix and it’s down like .5
It is good thing that ppl aren’t dumb anymore. So it can’t happen again.
“Live Laugh Love” - Thomas Jefferson

“SPY 350 EOW” - Abraham Lincoln

“Bears r fuk” - Bear Grylls
New limit up is like 7.5%
[deleted]
tits
[deleted]
[deleted]
Been cash since Thursday, I meant too scared to get calls EOD Friday
Said the shit was going up today all weekend in the weekend thread, feel vindicated
I know they don’t but usually on big Green Day’s the vix go back where it belongs?
Yes, a massive improvement from 45.
It will be President Harris and that bitch is coming for your tendies
Lol 1/3 in spxl.  Fucking idiot.  Sell it now before it goes to 45
This is incorrect.
They cant reply right now....they currently have their mouthful with elon, jpow, and mango dick.
A lockdown will most likely lead to a stimmy passing no matter what because the Congress need to keep their jobs as well
Oh god im so fucked
Yes, quote from economist 

"Sales of firearms and munitions this year have broken records—by one estimate 16.7m firearms had been bought by September, already more than in any (full) year on record. Sales in September were 66% higher than a year earlier. Supplies of ammunition in some markets have run so short that recreational shooters are going without."
Wrong. Many are Just Trading wrong, using Shit Tons of garbage indicators etc. All U need are Clean Support ans Resistance Levels and the ability to identify Trend and reversals. I know enough Traders that literally are only looking at Charts and are making Shit Tons of Money because price will Go where it wants to Go. News and Events Just slow down/accalerate it.
337 and I'm done
My Costco stock is here lagging to remind me I should've bought more Microsoft instead
The market defintily priced a small civil war in.


Bears are fuk
Literally MMs trying to screw a very crowded trade. Load up!
ayyye tim dillon is great
Jed Cruise is Tom Cruise’s 2nd cousin. Look it up on Wikipedia and stop being a hater.
Unstoppable.
The printer has been set to MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE
Totally not disputing that. There’s diff ways to calculate. Either way I am just amazed the media isn’t talking about that number
Still need better merch.
This can’t be real
SPY pt today $332-$333 https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jl45xl/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/garzzz0/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
VIX and the Indices don’t have a 1:1 correlation.
[deleted]
Payoff student loans with secured loan, then bankruptcy yata yata yata become millionaire.
[removed]
Buy high sell low, like every other day
The green dildo is getting bigger
Uhhh not that I’m complaining but y we pumping?
UK announce lockdown over the weekend and the FTSE is up nearly 1% lmao 

"PrIcEd iN".
I don’t vote and I don’t think Donald trump is a good President. With that being said, does anyone actually think Joe Biden would be a good president? Are you guys really taking this dude serious?
[deleted]
The market is hungry and buying any dip
Idk if the rest of the week is red, at least every nasty put buyer is getting crushed today
Vix dying
Who will feed my kids
Stonk market stronk!!
It's not there for a reason
Awesome puts on sale!
Where are all those dumbass bears
That’s very true bears really do analyze a lot more cause statistically stock go up more lol
still early ... go back to bed.
Short burn market manipulation 🔥
[deleted]
Yeah, so this level makes sense to me. If we get a clear winner, esp. Mango man, SPY will go >=340. Otherwise >= 320.
Survive.
#BLOOD GREEN
nothing is sure/confidant.. main event is gonna be after Tuesday. Was expected that they would pump today imo
Shares? Hold pussy, never sell and buy every dip. SPXL can make you a millionaire
Bears get rekted!
Ban
Checked and can't find it, we have shit merch. Someone needs to take over the store and get is better options.
Have to get some up to stay range bound
I totally agree and think that we’ll bounce around for the next two days between 331 and 323 and then Wednesday will be the day that gives us what direction we’re headed
If the election is somehow uncontested and there is a clear winner Wednesday then we’re mooning but a too close to call/contested election will be a catalyst to bring us down to the 315-310 level
> We are NOT locking down again.

Said every country in Europe as well. The longer you wait, the worse it gets. See france for example
there's actually a chance we limit up here if it keeps pumping like this
..... I’m okay with this
try 4% death rate
Or you can put that $2k into tesla calls and make your money back in no time
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** All your accounts are now belong to us. Game over bois

**URL:** https://redd.it/jml8do
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jml8do) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/longgamma, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
longgamma
dwm42
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Vix futures down 4% in pm is a big move.
what did you do
lol ... nothing!

will be buying more puts though
NIO $35 EOD, $50 EOY, $100 MARCH 2021, $200 JUNE 2021, $500 DECEMBER 2021, $5K 2022
God help me
[deleted]
They’d have to come out with their foldable phone that they keep dancing around
We don’t see 332, you’ve heard it here first

Edit: intraday I mean
recession cancelled covid cured election uncertainty over #fullsteamahead
More puts at open I guess
Don’t need to imagine it
Did not expect that pump, jeez
Sounds like you have a big 🧠
Sold me puts at the right time on Friday but I guess I should have switched to calls
Why are you still bagholding? Holding a security is the same as buying it . To put it another way: knowing what you know now, if you hadn’t already invested in Nokia would you do so today? If not then get out of the sinking ship.
TA is a complete joke.  No TA guys can point to any chart strategy and back-test it over many years to show profitability.  It's all anecdotal.
ok this pumping too fast especially before elections wtf
Dumped 1/3 of my portolio into SPXL at 51.16, went very red but premarket right now is 50.06. Should I just take the loss and sell at open or baghold?
I'd say yes but if Biden is elected and the rona cases continues to grow exponentially I think US will go to lock down.
Covering shorts/ giving people another fomo opportunity before taking their money
holy shit
Jpows dick to all the bears 🍆💦
[deleted]
[deleted]
Futures move like 1-2% against my position every single night
I’m a permabull and have lots of leaps but damn the reason I think this pump is fake is we’re losing 1000 Americans every day to Covid (yeah that’s a 1% death rate but damn!)

No one is shutting down because of election but there has to be something afterward. So short term (like 1-2 mo) I’m buying no short term dates plays
lmao bears in absolute shambles. Imagine holding puts right now
MMs are facking with us.
Morning wood
no reason

don't try to rationalise this market
Ghost cruises

Might still be cheaper to let them cruise around the oceans than to pay the port fees
>The firm said there are no signs its systems were breached and it employs several security measures, while encouraging customers to enable two-factor authentication. Robinhood has also promised to fully compensate customers if the company determines they lost money because of unauthorized activity.

I call bullshit. Why would RH compensate customers from an external problem but chose not to on internal problems like bugs, glitches, leap year, daylight savings, etc?
Lucky i sold Deutsche some years ago, but still huge loss
probably means nothing.

what i do observe is that bears r more likely to analyse (or over-analyse) while bulls just charge
First time this is actually ment this way.
[deleted]
Good morning futures!!! 😚
Jesus Christ, what was that pump? Lol
I wish I could remember who said it or even the exact quote, but this was in the 90's.  Someone asked one of the big bankers why they immediately offered high interest credit cards to people who just filed bankruptcy, and he said, "Because they have a taste for it" or something to that effect.  He knew they couldn't file again right away, and that they were bad at managing finances and thus likely to just keep paying premiums forever.
[removed]
guys just have 50% calls and 50% puts and quit worrying about market direction jfc
Use a real broker next time
If we get a winner then ofc
Ban
This market is a real knife fight
Yeah and sleepy won’t ridicule them when they do cuz a thousand people die every day at this point. 

I don’t get why the news doesn’t talk about that number. Clearly no one cares about cases
Oh yes lol just woke up
[deleted]
The problem is that bear markets are way much more rare and unlikely. This changed a bit due to corona , but look at that, post crash 1 the market rose as fast as it never did before.

Being perma bull is a good mindset investing into shares over the course of years. AKA literally buying the dip.

YOLOING has nothing to do with this obviously, but its rather more likely the next day that the stock increases and not decreases.
VIX will tank after Erection
[removed]
He’s gonna wear a lot of bracelets today to cope
Well zhiet, it was going to happen then you screwed it all up
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
This
If you have the patience to hold if it dips then go for it otherwise there’s no point
Calls on ABInbev
Damn I got a couple of bears as my MS wallpaper this morning
I’m gonna be sick
Listen dude I’m dropping 10k right now on this stock. It’s still a steal at 32 or 33 even if this shit dips in a year from now you know damn well this shit will be at 60
Short squeeze
No I’m not, actually will vote this Tuesday
[deleted]
Cry
r u dumb 100% contested
volatility
[deleted]
[deleted]
Calls on barley
I miss March. Those were the good old days 😒
Question for the bulls if u see market up bigly and vix barely down how can u feel confident?
All I said was that Jed Cruise (figure it out) has such a punchable face.
NIO, duh
I’m never gonna financially recover from this
On it sir, I’ll grab the red and green crayons!
Straight 9s might cause inflation. Better swap every other one for a 6.
I was wrong. Why is this pumping?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Short short short
Lmao
Reminder: sell everything into this rally by EOD. probably top out at 337
I still don't know if I should get back in or say goodbye.

no matter what I choose I'll be wrong

Sleep, just wake after around close
Bruh 😂
What no-no word did you say?
They can sail but no passengers
[deleted]
[deleted]
Exactly, they're going to be forced to stay in..
It’s not impossible, ...but it *will* be really painful.
[deleted]
Im back from an amazing 3 day vacation (Ban). Thanks mods...🥭🍌🐒
Actually, renting properties isn't that great for real.  The margins are fairly slim.  I'm talking about being a landlord of an apartment complex or something, not subletting(which is a fairly easy way to make some spare cash).
It’s like 10% above it’s Friday close
I see +3% day to shake out shorts, before limit down Tuesday
Who said we were surprised?

These are market plays, not futures plays
We’d be so lucky to open green . Not a chance we get that gift
Almost 1000% lol
Itsa traaap
[deleted]
FEDbruary , everything will be okay
Thank you for confirming that this will not happen.
Well sir, have a seat and we'll get right on that. 

Hey guys !!! This man needs a 10 bagger get out the TA and do the work and manipulate the market for him please.
Bears are honestly surprised after MMs sold so many puts end of last week that Monday futures are pumping green?
Bulls: futures green! Calls gonna print. 🤑

Bears: circuit breaker forthcoming. 🤑

RH after the daylight savings time update: nope
Whats the stats on the day of election?
So what're you guys doing with your puts at open?
[deleted]
Blue states will under the assumption Biden will bail them out $$$ in February.
I mean if you get right down to it most slurs have some sort of offensive component.

... but sometimes your mate is being a contwagon.
I refuse to believe we will end anywhere near green today as the bulls say 

Futures mean nothing
Yo that’s tough as hell sorry about that
I don't understand this shit, lucky to close everything on friday.

Lets see what the week has to offer. Be greedy and all...
Happens every time....
no way thats better than USA doctors
As a german i say don't buy german stocks they're utterly shitty
brother, forget about what the politicians are saying.  

fact - when the hospitals are being overwhelmed like in Belgium, there is NO other choice
[deleted]
You realize it's impossible to lock down without major stimmy?
[deleted]
The bears did so much shit talking

Well.   Go.
[deleted]
I’ve got 320p 11/13.

Hold.
Stimulus Deal on the Way...
Dammit!
Looking forward to your post then
We aren't locking down though, no matter how high cases get. People aren't going to stop going out unless they're forced to.
We will. Governors and mayors are waiting for the election to be over. Neither side wants to lose votes
Weird news day alright. Johnny depp loses against Amber [herd](https://www.reuters.com/article/BigStory12/idUSKBN27H1UL)
States can do what they want...federally backed or not. There's still fear a contested election.
Cruises get approved to sail again over weekend and their stock fell in the premarket?
Nah. Its not
[deleted]
I could be wrong but, imo, market barely moved when trump was hospitalized. First round of China tariffs had bigger impact because unexpected.  Think majority of people are expecting crazy post-electiom posturing, so unless he announces war on China or new Zealand or some shit, I think we will remain relatively in same range.
So I have 325 SPY calls with Nov 9 expiry. How many say to dump at open?
🅱️ulls on 🅱️arade
69 is the symbol for Cancer rotated 90 degrees

Elon is a Cancer sun (https://astro-charts.com/persons/chart/elon-musk/)

The rulers of Cancer are Venus and the moon

SQQQ mooning by EOW confirmed
[deleted]
Obvious scam isnt dropping in pm, neither will actual companies that hold value and make money.
GUHd morning fellow bears
That’s exactly why corona is gonna tank it. Halloween get togethers are gonna make numbers spike even higher than they already are
Buy more puts, you won’t regret
Yes
Do you remember a time when Mondays were good for at least 1 circuit breaker.  Pepperidge Farms remembers.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Value stock yeah
[removed]
Did anybody else get a couple of gay bears as their bing Wallpaper for their desktop photo this morning?
We will of Biden wins
More people die of post fap guilt in America each year.
Never had a job run a credit check.
Wym?
Panic selling after each dip is a good way to lose all your money.
traders frantically buying back all of the stocks they sold last week \^\_\_\_\_\^
[deleted]
Fucking HYLN🥲
Im almost 1000% its going to dump at open im not in any positions but dude just look at it
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes it Is but keep staying delusional
There are no lockdowns in the US so how is corona gonna tank it? We are NOT locking down again.
Trump going to prison is wishful thinking.  Such a comment invalidates everything you think and say lmao.
Europe's on lockdown. Markets rallying. Bull trap
Alright.

Even NKLA is pumping. Don't fight this. Just don't
Sure they can. But the bank doesn’t want your car, they want your money.
wait til tomorrow...a solid non contested win would be a HUGE bounce. to 350 ez
Throw poop at this guy.
Is 3M a good buy?
Very true
[deleted]
yea
When you see these kinds of charts, ask yourself: do you have information that nobody else has? This posts’s ideas is already priced in.
80% of whoever remains of this sub in shambles
Yeah looks like we bounced right off of the September bottom. I was weary about holding my puts but I’m pretty sure the record covid cases + contested election should be able to push us down below it. Looks like next stop after that is around the 310-315 range.
Damn big green after big red again but I was too scared to hold over the weekend
It aims to triple, will not always be.
[deleted]
Did you mean approaching overbought
This was me, but then I thought, fuck it, I would be so mad if they would rise again instead of giving me the dip, so i thought rather go -100 at first and not be mad, than that the stock rises and I didnt buy.
The market will do exactly opposite to what u saying maybe??? 

What u recommend - to sit in cash today?
don't listen to these retards, sell and wait to see. Cutting loss is the most important thing. Opportunities are everywhere in today's market.
I think its because they reset it every day at midnight, so it correlates to the moves from then on
Fuck man that’s sucks I hope it wasn’t a lot of money brother
What again?
That still gives us a few hours to cash out
bulls hate your solid DD
A smart man
They aren't worth a whole lot. Few hundred bucks for the strike I would want to exercise
Made all my tendies up to now on Tesla and I’m seeing so many similarities. Tesla is slowing down but nio could be the new high growth ev stock
You might as well at least wait a few days for the background erection IV to settle.
does this clip end with michael inviting the kids to play in his mansion?
Because the election is this week and not 52 a year idiot.
Never said you shouldn't ever look at them, I'm just not going to make a decision based on them right now.

Deff not on some statement as outrageous as the whole market collapsing or not.
[deleted]
No, those are the smart investors that realize when a stock goes up like crazy, it usually comes down a little bit and you can play the downside.

Half this sub thinks SPY is going to $290 because they are fucking retarded
Priced in last week
I'm gonna inverse this
I think it was slightly under but I’ll check my facts
Switched brokerages and forgot to check my old one...
This truthfully looks like a technical bounce off a double bottom from Friday
With that being said we’re approaching overbought and we will for sure retest 323 later today/tomorrow so I’ll be loading up on more puts at open and unloading at 323 to see if we can crack it
*THIS IS FINE*
Someone explain why triple-leveraged TQQQ is only +2.82% while QQQ is +1.19%
It is
350c 2 weeks out

360c 1 month out 

🤤
[deleted]
Nio is going to be the ultimate test for the wsb inverse theory. Everyone here is bullish on them like it’s the new Tesla 🤔
>REEP WHAT YOU SOW.

...money?
I own shares. Idc about what happens weeks to week, broke boy.
What's a rug push? Sounds like something to do with a carpetmuncher and a poke in the whiskers?
I still can't get over the fact that I had 1000 nio shares and sold at $4 to buy ACB FML $ROPE
As a tesla bull nio is the only other ev that is legit and will survive.
[deleted]
TEMPTING BRO
If everyone expects the same thing on here (like a giant red day)... likely the opposite will happen
They open at 9:30 PM for me....
Mmmm ty for the daily dose of confirmation bias

Even though most of my feking calls hv been bleedin to death
The same Europe that has a terrorist attack every year? The same Europe where church goers were violently attacked and a woman was beheaded just days ago?
We heard that last Sunday night too.
So retarded....  It. Jus. Might. Work
It was reagen my nan hates him with passion. Calls him a fucking racist baboon. 

She called trump a racist baboon.

Dd checks out. Spy puts
Are you selling those at the merch store?
Guys is IV too high rn to get into longer term calls?
[deleted]
I might be the other way around.

My friends say it will be peaceful if 45 wins. If Biden wins there will be bloodshed. I hope my friend is wrong. I hope the meme is wrong.
The market ain't gonna tank because of a flu virus lmao. It tanked back in March because people thought it was the Black Death 2.0
Lol I was joking 😂😂 yeah it’s really bad news for Europe but apparently we don’t care about them 😂😂
Eu...rope? 🥺
I think I also have some for the week after election but not a significant amount
My NIO bulls, don't be afraid of the dip at open. Diamond hands till close for max gainz
\*The Bulls are Back in Town!\*
11/20s and 12/18s. I sold a few because they were mostly 340+ps. Opened some lower strikes at the beginning of last week with the same expirations.
This is quality content.
Reep what you $SNOW 265c
[deleted]
SPY too low imo
I think imma gamble my entire account on Wednesday 324-320s esketit
Iv down considerably from friday. BUy tHe DIp. Along w the iv crush
That's def not true
[deleted]
Shopify 🥰🥰. Keep doing yo thang girl.
Bruh I opened every single website I could think of and only saw bad news.
This aged well
R voters are huge retards who allow themselves to be convinced by the GOP that the Democrats are coming to take their guns away at any moment, despite the fact that this has literally never happened. They panic buy all of the guns and bullets and then whine that it's a government conspiracy that there are no bullets. They're too smoothbrained to draw any kind of connection between the 4,000 rounds of 9mm they just bought and the fact that there's no 9mm at the store.
Nice color and drawings, look very professional. Even though 1987 is completely unrelated to this situation.
I lost 90% on calls overnight lmao. Thought rocket was gonna kill earnings (they did I’m pretty sure) but it absolutely tanked. Got caught being greedy. I’m looking to get back into them after this election mess as a long term play.
[deleted]
Yes. It's forming a wedge prematurely. But confirmation is needed after the election.
I just cashapp you?
whats the expiry
Reeee(p) what you 🐷
SQQQ 11/6 calls for me!!
[deleted]
Could be. Good luck.
Everyone assumed that they were going to drop the market today in anticipation of tmrw. So of course the MMs did it on Friday. Look at the massive hedge fund buying action over the past week, they're getting ready for a rug push
SPY 350 Calls.
my brain will not allow me to do that and is telling me to ignore comments
Yes. Short leg protects against post Erection IV crush.
You should sell your calls at market open you dingus, switch to puts ... or don’t
No joke.
[removed]
[deleted]
that
Hold but sell EOD
Been shorting my way down, i think we mightve bottomed out last week, just like in sept.
I’m 1k of it :)
I think >100k was breached on friday
[deleted]
Lmao lost my capital back in march, now i cant buy any fucking dip, fuck
What’s happening with GME?
FUTURES looking very good to me!
[deleted]
Holy fuk imma be buying cheap ass puts :D
You joke but it could happen
Wtf?
Lol almost got caught into talking into the void over there
NIO taking off again.

Woot, first award.
Lmao I didn’t find it rude. WSB is a warzone between bears and bulls. I just pick a side and talk shit. I entered the market post the huge run up because I was saving money from working all summer.

Good luck to you too. It’s honestly a gamble this week going either way.
Pro tip for anyone playing options this week, 🏳️‍🌈🐻 or bulls, play debit spreads instead of plain options. IV is going to be retarded so unless we get retarded moves you will lose retard money. Play spreads so you can also benefit from this retard IV, retard. ❤️❤️❤️
Stop reminding that
[deleted]
Mad tendies
Like any good person I leave my political insulting to PredictIt Disqus and use WSB to be part of a tight-knit community of losers.
Drop phone in toilet intentionally
Yeah, My RKT plays lost me a lot too (Only one call, but was 4k down on stocks)
[deleted]
ngl after a month of red, this reads more like a desperate bull message.

I wish you the best going from -95% to -90%
This is the way
cocksucker != F A G G O T

My wife is a cocksucker (so her boyfriend tells me) but she is not a Gay bear, she is very much Black Bull.
[deleted]
Yea? so why are the only Traders that actually are profitable only looking at technicals then?
US markets open at 1030 pm for me now. oof
Iv thrash bout to bitch slap all of us who bought on friday
ATH by Friday close
Yeah, sorry. It was my disappointment which came out as a rude comment. 

I am net bullish this month and you were providing some good comments. I was just reading them for a different perspective and found an amount in the screenshot which is less than a hedge for someone who's been permabull this whole year.

Apologies my disappointment came out as somewhat of a rude comment. But best of luck. Hope both of us make money
😂😂
You mean: reap what you sow. Couldn’t expect bulls to be able to spell anything though. That also doesn’t really make sense at all in this context.
[deleted]
torrent...
[deleted]
Yup
mate it’s stocks we’re talking about ofc it’s retarded
I think it’s more about balance and using logic than “wanting something to fail” sometimes.
Look at that PM volume
Nio is crazyy so mad I missed out again
I plan on making large financial decisions today at the close based solely on doing the opposite of what the howler monkeys are screeching in here.
And dont get me wrong Id Like to See them lower as Well tho, the Chart is Just Not looking Like it. The Most Money in Stocks rn is from the Fed and Banks and they wont Take it Out.
I guess it gives a sense of security but it doesn't make sense to invest now
[deleted]
This is the logical take, but the market is not dictated by logic in 2020
i have paper hand, tell me how not to sell at market open
Europe gdp shrinking instead of growing in q4 is very bullish
[deleted]
I know.  I switched to TDA and was using up the rest of my funds in my RH account....  Fuck me.
Lmao 2 Green Days in a row would be the most retarded shit ever with the erection tomorrow
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Reddit is banning people posting hateful content so I changed it.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmjn4n
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmjn4n) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/ramzataztaz, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Dan_inKuwait
dwm42
New thread is up
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Cool story, but I don't look at technicals (either way) with the election, simulus talks etc.

Drawings can say whatever they want, if real shit goes tits up it goes tits up.
Oh it's eow now? Not eod or open red anymore?
Gimme the deets
That NIO volume tho. 720k already PM. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
What Are Your Moves Tomorrow, November 02, 2020

-Jocko-

12h

Can someone tell me what "futures" mean??
[deleted]
Would go cash gang if I still had money.  Now im ROPE gang.
My balls off
Well See whos tripping. I longed spx at 3230 and am im Profit. If we dump i'll get stopped in Profit so i win anyways
Sell some cash secured puts while you wait
Unsure if holding puts or cutting
No way
GME GME never gets, don't you know your short puts yet?
Hold for maximum tendies
Yes yes 

Save my puts
I don’t see the step of writing tests for said computer program. Most probably end up dying in all universes.
SPAQ / Fisker back from the dead. +14% Friday, +4% premarket.
Leave your beta energy at the door and your political bots at home.
Yeah imma college student. Would be a lot higher if I didn’t blow 9k on RKT calls lmao. Had to dig myself out of the grave on that stupid call. Also withdrew 2k last week for vacation so it would be more like 1450% on the month. Chump change to some but good returns
buy nkla. got it.
this is how you guarantee 2 green days in a row
Tripped, fell, and his dick clicked buy
Never hold leveraged etf overnight dude
[deleted]
Retard bulls
New ath soon 📈
NIO. Good news.

JP Morgan rates a buy

Delivery details released: they making cars!

Buy it now.
Im Up 🙂
true
[deleted]
People will die this week. It’s sad but that’s what’s going to happen no matter who wins. Lots of fighting in the streets. Prepare for huge market volatility.
Reddit getting really ballsy thinking they can clean this place up for their IPO and not upset their users. 
Users will pull a digg like migration so fast that  it will cancel the IPO
[deleted]
42
[deleted]
I like it let’s go
🌈🐻? More like 🌈🤡 lmao
Yep
5'10 is short
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/fuyumiarakaki the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
AAPL Calls = Free Money.
Sort yourself out coomer.
Surprised DeadHorse is rallying on an up day
Yes
If we really green all day load up on puts at 3:50
[deleted]
Wait you guys held over the weekend?
Vol looks sus
Which gun stocks tho tbh??
Time to fomo into NIO.
[removed]
I work for an ammunition’s company, we’re months behind on everything we make.  It’ll slow down if Trump gets into office, go to the moon if Biden does.
Biden might not be a man-child like trump is, but he is just as much of a corporate puppet.

He isnt gonna do shit about renewables
I wouldn’t sell at open. Maybe wait for premiums to increase the first 30-60 minutes
Good boi
What happens when a dumb person decides he doesn't want to listen to your words, oh wise one? You just gonna let him pummel you?
Yeah but the cases in September weren’t nearly as bad as the numbers this weekend alone. We are about to hit 100k cases in a single day which is a global record. Euro shutting down because they aren’t distracted by the election like us. They’re already reporting shipping delays on ballots. When we don’t get news on Tuesday then shit will hit the fan.
Theta gang is the real enemy. They be all up in our tendies, bleeding us dry
Always the latter
That money is less than what most bulls have hedges tbh
[deleted]
How do u do that accidentally?
i have puts.
No
repost the credentials plz
Greedy 🐻. REEP WHAT YOU SOW.
Sell
Same I’m selling EOD. This is gonna moon today hopefully.
GME GME GME GME GME GME that is my thoughts
Fuck, I keep waiting for a dip to just buy shares but it isn't dipping :(
https://i.imgur.com/Y1Uak4s.jpg

Looks like either the start of a massive rally or the biggest bull trap I ever did see
This guy does not calendar nor does he historical data.
Wait I'm confused, are you talking about a bundle of sticks?
[deleted]
🤡🤡🤡 🖕
Disney. 6 years and it’s done jack shit. Screw you Mickey. 

Also Sun Edison. Literally went belly up
Walked up in the bank

Ordered me some funds

Walked up in the strip club

Ordered me some ones
lockdown announced = less uncertainty, now market knows how long lockdown will last so it's priced in.
[deleted]
Puts at close
I was banned for a week yikes
I can't fucking wait
I hope bears get killed this week.
being bearish is dumb as shit its just wanting stuff to fail sounds dumb and gay
So, sell my NIO calls at open or hold? Mine expires EOW

Edit: okay, sell EOD it is
I CHUCKLED
[deleted]
Has anyone checked up on the Europoors? They haven’t gotten up for work today and it’s very concerning.
If you short sighted fucks don't think that we will see hell red no mater the result before eow you are dumb , buypoots today at a discount.
Do you want to go over to the park bench?

M'yeah

Thank you *Phwww-phwwhht* Well Alice it seems we've both got autism haven't we.

Yeah

Well that's good to know
okay? this is wsb
This is what I get for accidently holding sqqq calls over the weekend.
Annie are you ok?

Edit: 🌈🐻
Im only calling today green, rest of week might tank too. But wouldnt surprise me if we just went back up from here, literally same numbers as in september. Bottom was 320something.
Thank you to the guy who shared a brazzers premium subscription.

Fucking lifesaver. Got some movies in 1080p which I had spent hours searching all over the internet for.
AAPL had really bad report go with any other tech company lol
PYPL calls at open for earnings runup.
TDOC is very undervalued I think. Could be a good deal..
Good TA is like counting cards in a casino. It can tilt your odds slightly in your favor, but only in the long term.

This is not good TA. Sample is too small and comparing two different senerios.
Nio is the way forward. Tripled my money in 4 months and doesn’t look like it will slow down
Holding through election week is going to be high risk

If you are bearish average down
NIO tendies 👀👀
if we keep cutting in half every week, we will never reach our destination
Buy more puts
Do the math on your deltas
I stopped reading when he said "You have $4,000".

Dude do you know where you're posting this?
11/20s, 12/18s. SPY puts will absolutely print. Hopefully we open green so I can add more at a lower strike for a good price
What’s the zero day play?
I don’t understand why Schwab writes these newsletter emails - or any broker for that matter - they make themselves look dumb way more often than they look smart.
AMZN goes from -6% to +1%

Bulls: we won
SPY trading at $330,000,000,000 in Zimbabwe
L3 Harris (LHX). This is an amazing company, the 6th largest company in Aerospace/Defense, that is a better engineering innovator than Lockheed, Northrop Grumman, Boeing or Raytheon. Unlike those companies, its delivery of its engineering projects is generally on time, on budget and successful. Consistently makes money and beats earnings. As a growth stock in the sector, it even had good dividends (but not as good as Lockheed's) It was gaining on the top 3 companies in January just before coronavirus. 

It was a sure thing, when coronavirus hit. [Even up to Sept 30, it was on Goldman Sachs' conviction buy list.](https://thefly.com/landingPageNews.php?id=3162976&headline=LHX-LHarris-downgraded-to-Buy-from-Conviction-Buy-at-Goldman-Sachs) But nothing. People are refusing to buy it. So eventually, by around mid-October, it's become unofficially a Sell, for no reason except no one would buy it. I say "unofficially" because it's not going to be rated a sell with its great fundamentals, by any rational analyst. But people have been dumping it because it's going nowhere when other companies in its sector have become aerospace and defense memes. It's now sagging back to about March lows, even tho it's a better aerospace/defense company on fundamentals than Lockheed, Boeing, and Raytheon. I'm watching aerospace companies that have jack shit for potential in the near and long term get lots of speculative money, while L3 Harris just dies on the board every day.

As far as I can tell, it's all because of retail investor rejection and momentum trading following retail investor pop stocks. It's hard for an industry outsider to figure out what the company does (which includes designing and managing the country's entire air traffic control and navigation system and a lot of other civil aviation). Actually, this stock is what led me to recognize the damaging impact of retail investor bubbles on US industrial companies. Right now, capital investment is at the mercy of retail investors, mostly kids, who have no idea about the stocks they're buying and selling. It's turned the market into something like Instagram, where meme stocks are recognized and traded based on their meme capital and not on anything else, really, like value, importance, earnings and market fundamentals. L3 Harris is full of uncommunicative dorks, apparently, and it's hard to figure out what the company does from its shitty, cheap website (whereas the other top defense contractors have cool, dynamic websites designed to pull people who have played video games and distract from the fact that they specialize 100% in killing machines). 

At one point (before I realized that the investing now is dominated by millennials and their meme stocks) I had $80K in LHX, waiting for it to, at minimum, recover the 30-40% of value it should have. I lost about 10% before I realized that right now, the stock market is like social media, where kids have to like something for it to exist. 

Finally, I broke and in tears sold it all off. Now I'm waiting for the US meat economy to go onto its last legs and die, plunging us into a deep economic depression, as real companies starve of capital, shrivel up and die while most of the country's capital investment pours into NVDA, NFLX, AAPL, FB, TSLA and other memes recognizable by children. I cut all my other US industrial and infrastructure investments at the same time, and have watched them continue to go downhill while people frantically plow money into the bubble stocks trying to prop them up for no actual reason that makes any sense, since they can sell them and invest in companies that still have significant upside left in their recovery, instead of sitting in a bubble. So I'm sitting here, watching retail investors destroy America's capital investment flows to real meat world industries during an economic crisis. Why? To throw too much, and unneeded, capital investment at colorful pop culture companies that are easy to recognize without a lot of effort. Companies that make grownup toys, gadgets, games, movies and cool cars. And the major layoffs from the real meat world companies that don't have capital to go on much longer are about to begin, which will be the next leg down for our economy.

I'm going to go drink the last dregs of my coronavirus hoard of Everclear for breakfast now.
every time anything goes green for any reason at all

> OMG MANGO DID THIS

- shills trying to sound like WSBers
So panic buy calls high and then sell as soon as it drops?
[deleted]
Bear here

I did not think that
tourettes swearing
Yeah I am super confused. Why is Harley Davidson Rider a bad word now?
[deleted]
I just want vix to go up.....
Nasdaq Futures looking good today.
Cause now people are doing something about the problem?
The downtown area in my blue city has been boarded up ever since BLM protests/riots started. The overlap between BLM protestors/rioters and Biden supporters is a circle.
Day hasn’t even started, don’t count your chickens before they hatch. Do you recall last Sunday night when futures were up 1%?
AAPL x-dividend date Nov 6
Me who has a bunch of leveraged SPY calls: EUREKA
Prick with a god complex.
If bulls buy calls today they are dumber then I thought 😂😂😂
yooo
Good idea
here in europe we just went into lockdown, all small countries are in lockdown and so are all of the main economic EU powers (exept luxembourg) so why is it FUCKING GREEN
xlf feeling the love too
Previous monday would like to have a word with you.
Her boyfriend will appreciate that.
No we squeezing higher today.  EOD puts might be wise
Is that where Chimpu has been all this time??
That's how I knew it was a thing. I worked with a guy who came under crippling civil litigation that was going to make him have to declare bankruptcy. He went all-in on a big house in cash and tried to drag the suit out long enough that he could qualify to keep it. It didn't work for him... It was a good idea though.
Buy more puts in the open to avg down or just cut losses?
Nio doe
Bro you've already won in the premarket today:)
Were you here last week? At all? You think this week will magically be different?
Always inverse WSB
Ath be4 election
Ssshhhh don't ruin the dream man
Short? Like what 5’4?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks for the market insight, you small boned assfish.
Bears r fuk
A bank asking its customers to hold the bag. Classic!
Based on your post history, I'm gonna say your tripping balls right now.

**That and your eloquent retorts.
The market is so funking short, it’s going to explode higher just because.
[deleted]
Lol idk man. I'm cautious that way. But you are right. I still tjink caution might be wise esp with the elections
Yall salty af
Did not see this coming.
Interest rates are sky high on anything you go to finance tho
Just as I suspected. Fuckery before the next drop.
Yeah im making money on my longs, but the real treat is reading all the desperate bear messages in here 🤣🤣🤣 all weekend it was "jUSt sHorTs cOVeriNG" so i cant help but laugh at their stupidity. Get fucked, the lot of you.
At first I was upset that my brokerage increased margin requirements but now I realize I’d be down even more if they hadn’t 🙃
Saying you're sus is sus
[deleted]
AAPL 114C 11/13

Change my mind.
Bull trap?
k, got it
[deleted]
Ummmm... HULK Dildo has entered the chat.
We rally only when I have forced short position
dibs looking green
[deleted]
Oh boy! Oh boy!
RIP half this sub again this week
Given Europe has been going along fine without guns for a good while now I'm going to call bs on that one.
Flair me bitches
[removed]
[removed]
Awww yeah another week another dollar
[deleted]
My body is ready
[deleted]
2 million??? Holy shit. 

Phones are becoming a smaller part of their revenue each year. But uh, I only want the stock price to hold so I can sell calls.
Hi
Ah yes, the old “cunt wagon” slur.
[deleted]
There’s truth to this. Organic milk process actually changes the taste because of what it does during the pasteurization process and the bacteria involved. Anyway, the reason expensive milk tastes better is because the process actually changes the taste
[removed]
[deleted]
Paperless is the future and there is plenty of fish for everyone.

The market is here to stay. Might as well go with the big fish.
Both of those things are caused by bots
[deleted]
This.  just take out a couple credit cards and you'll be all set.
Money isn’t real, none of this is real.
If last week taught us anything, even if it holds til open, 1% green in the pj market can easily turn red before 10. No one should be celebrating or $roping just yet
[deleted]
Schwabs email to customers this morning 


Last week, stocks had a rough ride, with the S&P 500® Index falling nearly into correction territory by Friday. Our latest commentary highlights several factors that likely contributed: continuing concerns about a stalling U.S. economic recovery, disappointing third-quarter earnings from some large tech companies, and the uncertainty associated with Tuesday's election, to name a few. 

Markets may not see much relief in the week ahead, with many investors apprehensive about the possibility of an unclear or disputed election result. However, we expect any election-related volatility to be brief, and we encourage you not to overreact or try to time the markets based on political considerations.
Dam dude you got plenty of time

300C Jan 2021 should hit
Glad to be cash gang today 🌈 🐻
NIOOOOO
Guess which Mango will be Pumping Markets today?
Sideways/slightly downward for most of them.
How am I net short
300C june 2021?
Because only retards would think that the market will keep tanking after Nasdaq dropped 500 pts in one week.
History never repeats it self. Only way marlet can crash is if investment banks start to sell their shares of big companies. Which would create a panic an the already inflated bubble will burst. But because the interest rates are so low I do not see that happening anytime soon, because they are worse off as well. People lose their savings, declaring bankruptcy n shit...
[deleted]
I’m already short ES so I’ll do the same
Thats not hedging lol...
You are net short
If u really believe that buy spy 350 calls when we open
$PYPL calls at open
I spoke to the great leader of Mars and he said to me "its too god damn high"....

11/6 SQQQ calls
PYPL may likely run up quite a bit today
I’m sure it’s on the tip of his tongue sometimes
[deleted]
My eyes will be pinned to the VIX during this rally.
ay buddy, look at any major índice and tell me which way it’s been trending for the last month?
I’m back again to preach for a green Monday 🙏🏼
Why wouldn't they be counted on time and what about the record covid cases? If we don't shut down then it won't affect the market lol and thats on a state by state basis. The president doesn't have power enforcing a national lock down so even Big B can't do it if he wins.
I got sucked in the cabin reveal scam
DJ, DAX or NASDIQ....all of their Charts looks like Double Top to me...and im a perma bull
[deleted]
Yes
Piling into BIG TECH at the OPEN. Huge week coming.
[deleted]
I’m never fucking hedging again. Go for riches or go broke. Yes I have 2 grand in NIO calls but my dumbass has 1 grand in spy poots
Just wait
Thats why you don't ever hold thru earnings you tard. You play the run up
Fuck it I’ll throw 10k in 333 cause I like the number and think people will pile on after they see their opportunity to buy the dip dwindling and if I’m wrong oh well I guess lmao wouldn’t be the first time, wanna match or take the opposite?
Fb launching today

Earnings delivered and MM's did not want to pay out
Selling calls should be free money. Not get fucked in the ass. Good job.
[deleted]
Ngl... I’m a little worried about my spy puts now wtf
It's only money dude and money will be worthless in a few years

You will be back and no more weeklies
[1300% on the month](https://imgur.com/gallery/hzNO7OI) “Bears don’t make any money”
Good call. Last week nobody had even heard of the election..but now everyone's talking about it...
[removed]
Bears going extinct
😹😹😹😹😹
Its Not an assumption its a simple If then scenario. If Ur trading in assumptions ull Go broke Like the Rest of this retarded sub
History doesnt repeat, but often it rhymes
I have 71% of my account in calls. Did I do good?
Fuck off
$50 EOY $200 NEXT YEAR
Glad I stuck with XLK calls cause Tech is getting tenderly caressed by sweet sweet rotation
Oh wow... Thanks jpm... I didn't fucking notice.....

Now that it has your blessing I'm sure it's a great fucking time to buy
Flair checks out.
Guys I'm not ok. All my money will be gone at open
[deleted]
Don’t forget about that Mary Jane Incase Biden wins 👀
Hard to imagine a scenario in which we don’t drill further into this week, far more than any bounce we might get from last week’s sell off
this is retarded
35 EOD
If anything, I can see VXX taking off tomorrow.
ER moved to 11/17
[deleted]
The real play is taking out $100,000 in student loans, buying SPY calls.  Either way you win, if Biden is elected and the loans are forgiven or Trump wins and the economy bounces.
Never go balls deep over the weekend.

Just buy lotto tickets.
BlAcK MoNdaY
Orange man winning
Self defense is a basic human right, restricting that right leads directly to the suppression of ethnic, cultural, and political minorities.
Markets +3% Today.
Because you think very basically and not remotely long term.

Lockdown to me equal I buy stocks. If you don't understand why, tough luck.
Wendy's. 

Used to work there. Random dudes would pull up to the box and tell me I was retarded for not yoloing meme stocks as they got their baconators in their Lambos. I didn't know what the hell this meant. 

I took my life savings, my wife's life savings and bought some calls on an Oil ETF. Now I'm broke and Wendy's fired me after my wife's boyfriend made a scene in the bathroom.
u would lose if you would play pton earnings unless they release some huge news lol
Great fucking show that is
JKS calls at open. Fell too hard last week. Gonna recover bigly
NIO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
It feels good when you pay yourself.
Feels even better making money without having to work for some dick plug of a boss.
I love you stock market...
This made my heart hurt 😢
Idk retard. If stocks like amazon can tank 5% on earnings after great news, I don’t see how pieces of shit like PTON can still move up.
How does one buy calls on a civil war
link
Ur account will be blown up soon
I do think that, yes
Going long when VIX is still 37+ and hasn’t even dropped 10% from its recent high 🤡
I don't subscribe to the idea, because I repeatedly buy work calls quarter out hoping for good earnings, only for it to crash back down to it's initial price.
Deep balls in puts and not feeling good at all..
[deleted]
You Think Mango wont get his ATH before Election Day?
I opened them at 353 so I highly doubt that.
Uvxy -6% so far. Seems too obvious
Dang euro poors are going on cruise and airline ? Carnival and Norwegian both over 200% wtffff
[deleted]
JPow the Grey has become JPow the White
Yeah it will when the votes are not counted in time. Also record covid cases in USA. So many negative factors that are not “priced in”
Dump truck ass shaped recovery
More deaths = good for tech
you are so fucked
Tesla 397 C will be ITM by morning. I will close them only if stock gain will cover the premium cost and difference in  mark price and strike price. Or I will wait for theta decay till expiration this Friday.
Its been working ALL YEAR.
Don’t regret too early. Traps everywhere
“Too early to bury RKT just yet”

Ya think? It’s been publicly traded for about 1 quarter now, released one earnings report where they absolutely murdered, and are currently trading ~5% above IPO price. 

What about that would make anyone think RKT is dead?  Don’t be so stupid next time. Now go yolo all the money you have on next June $25 calls.  Thank me in April when you close the position.
Oh shit, really? Got a link for this?
What never lived can never die
[deleted]
Waking up to green futures and several matches on Tinder. This feels too good to be true
Just make sure you record your reaction when you open up the app on the day of expiration.
U lied it’?
The kind who started investing the last time mara flew from 2 to 5 thanks dick


Also bought puts on aal almost the same day for octobers earnings

Ofc feds pumped that one fml


No they were old mara calls to answer your question

Edit: what kind of idiot settles for feet and not back of neck pics
You degenerates can’t wait four days for the vix to get crushed then buy the dip
CRSR calls at open
Sweet triple leverage is what i need

Thanks dude.
Cos we prematurely ejaculated and went down too much before BoJo announced lockdown 2
Calls on Intel
AKA Bear‘s wishful thinking
The money that needs to be taken out before election has already been taken out aka the drop. Big money just waiting to see where to put it. Election not gonna drag us down anymore.
something about the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results lol
Civil war ? Vix at 35? Calls!!’ 🤞👍
Damn fam, looking at the pre market you might haVe called it.
Is this still shorts covering right now? lol. 

But really though, whoever bought puts EOD expiring tomorrow got absolutely fucked by that EOD mega pump , followed by green open.
If you hold thru earnings you're a retard. Im playing the run up
😇😇😇
LISTEN TO ME EXPLAIN EXACTLY WHY THIS MARKET MOVE IS HAPPENING BECAUSE I AM A GENIUS AND A BILLIONAIRE. 

^^hold ^^on ^^my ^^mom ^^is ^^coming ^^and ^^I ^^have ^^to ^^hide ^^the ^^bong
[deleted]
On VXX sure
You forgot today was Opposite Day! But think on the bright side, you’re totally getting breakfast for dinner tonight.
Look to J Pow’s coming at first light on the fifth day. At dawn, look to the east
It's only going up to cool the RSI so it can drop more... we are in a downtrend about to enter weekly downtrend... "don't get fooled by the rocks that I got" J.Lopez

TLDR - Bulls r fuk
[removed]
😈
Your making the assumption that Friday was the bottom.

SPY 319.99 by end of day Tuesday is certainly reasonable.
[deleted]
Bears have been printing for so long that only the dumbest bears will get wiped out by one green day

Which is a lot of them, to be fair
It's not official yet. It's too be voted on Wednesday. Conveniently after the US elections hmmmmm
After election = January-February
They’re already talking about buying more at open 🤣
W calls or nah?
Off. Feet gotta breathe
TECH PUMPAGE INBOUND...
Lock down = bullish
Guess we're retracing and filling some gaps on the north side
It's funny because Mac actually owns a piece of Robinhood. He's probably doing exactly this.
Monke 🙉 loves pressing buttons.
You got to be next level retarded to be buying calls the day before an election in this environment
I have $3000 thank you very much.
We will go parabolic just like the covid deaths #bullish
So I spent 2 grand in ATM NIO calls, panicked and hedged with 1 grand of spy puts

Why do I do this
And another CNBC dude said 280 or even 250 before the year’s end
You mean Wednesday
Imagine how many bears nestled themselves all snug in their beds last night while tendie-plums danced in their heads and will be waking up in the coming hours questioning the existence of god.
Yeah how did earnings go for every other company this past week? You think that will magically change in election week? PTON puts printed last week. $10-$16 more down to go then maybe calls will print
we'd be red rn if so. stimy gonna pop off in t-2 days.
[deleted]
Do it OP
Buy on the way down and wait for the rebound, the more you buy at a low cost the lower your average and higher your gains!
Classic bull fake news. load the shorts!!
You people are going to cry today so hard no matter how much trash talk you do.
But why are UK stocks up we just got put into lockdown 2
[deleted]
[deleted]
beacuse the universe hates me
the panic buying of ammo was happening at the same time as the toilet paper rush don't you buy ammo?
They never claimed otherwise. It took a while because they had to wait for someone else to make it.
Look into FNGU if you want the best rally possible off this. It’s a 3x etf that ROCKS!
European countries are also considering more stimulus, which should make us even more bullish from here
VSTO looks like it's got room to move
STIMULUS DEAL = NANCY SAID "After Election Day" which is TOMORROW.
Sadly, this
[deleted]
A Biden win will be contested
If the pj pump sells off by 10 they’ll be saying the same thing
[deleted]
If they aren’t much ITM let them burn theta until Friday. Otherwise close that shit as long as you have cash on hand
[deleted]
God damn they really do have a monkey deciding the headlines backstage
I swear this is all just fucking witchcraft
Link
[deleted]
Separate the art from the artist, man. The hyper PC crowd can suck a dick.
which may be today
Duh
I cracked up imagining Trump actually saying “Vote Mango”
To the retards wondering there’s not gonna be a stimulus anytime soon. And he was being sarcastic 🥺
🤫
If I can’t say retard anymore I’m going to Reddit HQ and mostly peacefully protesting aka setting a car on fire. 

Also bears stop reporting bulls comments and vice versa I hate you fat gay bears but I hate you like a retarded cousin not my enemy we’re still family.
PTON about to go on another moon mission leading up to ER. Calls on PTON at open
[deleted]
60% of the time it works every time. And when it inevitably doesn't once or twice, you're fucked.
Real bears know this is a repeat of last Friday into Monday. But this time we also have the election to drag everything down too.
Where u get that news?
[deleted]
I sleep with only one sock and it’s on my cock
Tuesday could be red for insurance before the big day.
$SPY
[removed]
I forgot the market is based off of Wallstreetbets
bruh i bought long nkla puts and the stock has gone down almost 50% and i still have 75% of the time remaining on my options

and my puts are still down
Anyone that stupid has already done it and lost
u/savethisvideo
It depends
If you believe the stories, yes.
🤔
Waiting for mango to call the top here.

Draft waiting to get sent:

“Stonks up another 2%! More money in your 401k’s, Enjoy! Vote Mango!”
Really?
Need to wait until Friday to take my gains and premium. New to theta game.
Source?
Where where
I'll definitely be getting some. Not gonna play this week too hard though.
What ticker?
Bears are going to be traumatized after waking up and seeing this.
Yes
It usually is the one who’s spamming clown emojis that is the actual clown
[deleted]
STIMULUS DEAL back in the HEADLINES !!!
Spy does BRRRR when he is happy
Also pricing in a biden win as well. And a cancelled election.
Some CNBC dude said SPY 380 by mid-2021
You 3 days ago: “Cash gang are bulls who pussied out”
90% of info on this sub is garbage (bots, trolls, neckbeards with $2000 buying power), 8% is decent and 2% is gold.
[deleted]
This is the way
Green everyday this week.  Sell Monday
[deleted]
Soooo have you met someone that felt ill and was tested positive ? Its a simple yes or no
I wanna see a proper YOLO. Who’s gonna throw 100k into 0DTE puts/calls at open?
you guys sleep with socks on or off?
It comes out?! 


Anytime my numbers go up, I just hit the “double down” button
I was just about to ask about this. Why FB? Is it just because the whole market is up or do you have anything FB specific?
Few Trillion on the Sidelines about to BUY in at the Open.
Yes.
I was 3 day banned for a word very similar to ‘contwagon’.
Pls don’t sell ameripoors
Movin’ that cornflakes
Buy low sell high (put holders motto)
Puts were up at least 200% for me but I would be cautious to play them for more than three straight weeks. Pretty retarded.
Looks like the market is pricing in an uncontested Mango win

Damn ... stop downvoting me. It’s not what I like but I don’t have any other explanation
All part of the maturation process from reasonable trader to wsb autist degenerate
[deleted]
You also 10h ago: “Cash Gang”
futures chart on investing.com "is down for maintenance" and showed a cartoon of bear eating bulls

yeah you doing "maintenance" on rigging the market
You 10h ago: “I’m selling my short dated puts at open.”
Want to see all bulls gonna suck bear dick on Wednesday. No way this shit can keep with the chaos coming soon. Eur has been batteered like fukk the week before. They just sector rotating
I sure hope so
10k in 1DTE p’s at or near the open no sweat.
Nokia and amd
Damn SON!!! SPY Calls PRINTING HARD !!!
Pennies in front of steamroller 😔
Looks more like rotary to me or maybe swash plate piston
I got 2022 calls that are now break even. Will hold them and see what happens.
[deleted]
Hah.  You got me there.
They were actually up a lot more than that, and they’ll be up even more come tomorrow close lmao. You can hold your calls if you even have money to buy them, it’s like free money for us.
[deleted]
Euroriches, same as february, buying us cus virus will only be bad in Europe
[deleted]
And then the whole market dumps into kang gang making your fds worthless.
what kind of idiot buys calls on penny stocks
[deleted]
This will print sir
zoom out
I bought a big batch of Nokia the day before they shat the bed. Kill me maybe?
WSB university 🎓  the best
RIP. I remember buying into this in January of this year, watched it rocket to $41 for no reason (I sold when they were $28) and stopped paying attention since then. 

For me I feel like they'll do better when the economy recovers and people want to be extremely speculative again, other than that it seems like a dead stock.
Suck a dick dude, stop posting about it because anything that's posted here eventually goes to shit.
My account is 100% SPY puts and VIXY calls. I honestly want to open in the green so I can add a few k more onto them, but if it plays out like last week, we will be red by euro close.
Keep your fingers crossed 🤞 have a feeling when people start waking up they’ll pile on but Idrk plan on dumping my 11/2 330 at open and buying further dated 11/16 340ish but also scalping the uppy downies the next few days
[deleted]
Do you still have your calls? I've got a pretty big mara play myself.
It’s pure hubris to question how anything works. You put the money in Robinhood and the money comes back out or it doesn’t. It will remain a mystery until my death.
I start believing that 1987 comparisson now
The animals, the animals
Trapped, trapped, trapped 'till the cage is full
The cage is full the day is new
And everyone is waiting, waiting on you
And you've got time

Think of all the roads
Think of all their crossings
Taking steps is easy
Standing still is hard
[deleted]
Wtf did he say?
[removed]
zoom out
The new CEO wanted to clean up previous crap. Based on his past performance seems like an independent thinker that gets stuff done. Nokia will go up next year unless it is already fuubar.
[deleted]
Otm FB call gonna print maybe
I said this last month and was told I was way too late to the game. I'm glad I didn't listen to the tards and bought anyways. 90% chance Biden takes this. I'm good with those odds.
Me too. Fuck theta gang
[deleted]
Are you even subscribed? If you are you can read the article and know it means nothing. Tomorrow HUGE dump before Tuesday election man
The animals, the animals
Trapped, trapped, trapped 'till the cage is full
The cage is full the day is new
And everyone is waiting, waiting on you
And you've got time

Think of all the roads
Think of all their crossings
Taking steps is easy
Standing still is hard
There is news read up on captain jpow
[deleted]
!remindme 2 weeks @ SPY 280
https://imgur.com/a/RNQ5fGg
You've learned well
I saw people talking about their menu changes. IDK why they did it (I guess for cost savings) but it looked like they removed like 80% of the menu.
7 layer burrito gone too at least at the one closest to me.
[deleted]
Bears rn: “My put was up 80% last week, why didn’t I sell?”

🤡🤡🤡
Last week it wasn’t and killed me.
Nope, ignore all indicators and fundamentals

Stocks only go up
[deleted]
Fuck that never splitting my cash for less risk. ALL IN from now on
My covered calls are ITM 🤡
It was beautiful. Easy 300% on my puts.
Should I buy the Apple dip in Eu ?
🌈🐻nevah learn 🤷‍♂️
Take back what I said about Netflix earlier gf and I been watching house of cards like all night it’s p good even if that guy did those things 

Spy 345c 11/16
[deleted]
Because it was discovered everything was priced in all along
[deleted]
Retards that unironically Type factually incorrect shit should be ip banned lmao.
🤡🤡🤡
🌈🐻=🤡
That monke
Tee hee.  Elucidate us on how the gun market works in terms of electoral politics then, smart guy.
300
Wish I would have picked up MFST at 200 Friday. Was hoping to today but not looking likely.
JPOW
 https://www.wsj.com/articles/fed-turns-attention-to-asset-purchases-after-spelling-out-low-rate-pledges-11604226601
Cuz I’m buying $100 billion worth of stonks
Buy the dick
Tech about to have a monster rally.
[deleted]
JP Morgan upgraded. It’s at 32 now what the fuck man I was really hoping for a red day so I can get in fuck this shit
Thanks! I just hope it keeps trending up
Yea so if we could tank to 320 that’d be greaaaaat
I’ll bet you 1k we close in red tomorrow
it came out of the same fish market as covid
Little known pro tip: With their extra batteries, Tesla’s are well suited for electrode-based cock and ball torture.
This is the way.
Lol actually I get u I am the same but puts can print and then it bounce back and it’s a win win?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bulls really getting excited over a 1% gain, remember when we were green pre-market last friday, how did that go?
cause you lived through March?
So why exactly is everything mooning?
If you have calls and don’t sell at open you are absolutely fucked.
Alexa play 'Sparkle and Fade', Everclear.
Wsb super bullish. I think you know what that means....
Doing it at home
Thailand the best place, get a holiday too...but probably cant travel.yet
Good thing I have NIO calls to hedge my SPY puts.

You retards convinced me, back in Friday before close, that it’s gonna be blood red tomorrow.
Don’t act like Trump is anti private prisons and don’t act like we’ll see tough on crime 90s policies ever again. You’re thinking with your dick
Yes
It’s not quite that simple. States need to tally all of the votes. A lot of states have a lot of mail-in ballots; which take a ton of more time to properly account for. So, if not enough states can report their votes (mail-in and in-person) by the end of the night tomorrow, it will roll into the next day. I’m not an expert on the matter, but, I anticipate it being announce or pretty much decided on Wednesday. But, really it’s gonna come down to how the swing states are handling their votes. I know some states starting counting mail-in votes early. But, a swing state like PA, I think is waiting to start tomorrow. No way they have them all counted tomorrow, and it’ll likely be close.
Bears still talking about buying more puts 😂🤣😭.    
You can’t write this stuff.
If this holds til open, that would be really cool. Why do I have a feeling it only holds til like 30 mins before open?
doesn't matter, it's mostly for me i wouldn't be able to use it nowadays since i trade fast and need an actual platform made for trading, not investing.
[deleted]
Working fine here.
No reason to sell for a loss on AMD... unless you need the money right now.
33? You’re underestimating NIO. Expect $35 EOD
Exactly, bears r fuk 😂😂😂
Hold
MARA

Apparently 5.calls aren’t all the rage
You clearly dont have any idea. You did not take into account of expense and health. Car insurance, gas, food, bills,... all of this can cripple your monthly wage. I worked at fedex for 15 bucks per hour and i earn 2k per month. If i save all year and not spend a single dime, i would have 24k in my bank right? Rich as fuck right? NO.
Less than 1% of people have over 100k in their 20s and 100k absolutely not from working as cashier or package handler. You are delusional and have no concept of money. 

Edit: folks under 25 have insane cost of auto-insurance and some are still having school which cannot divest 80% of their times to working. No 16-18 years old is able to work a full time job then go home and do their works to get ready for school then go work again after school then go home and have less than 6 hours of sleep. What planet you are living on which have over 24 hours per day?
Congrats man
just because they like to dump at a higher price? They already had Cramer send out the order to buy to the plebs. Imagine thinking  they just want you to get in cheap..
[deleted]
[deleted]
😂😂😂. You’re gonna lose so much money this week.  🤡🤡🤡
Are ya'll Muricans really that cucked? Limiting personal exposure in insolvency processes (granted you don't violate statutory obligations like unjustifiable asset shifting during bankruptcy) of a Limited company is ridiculously easy in the UK - then again, setting up a company in City of London literally just takes 20 minutes and a couple quid.
I did roughly the same thing last Tuesday.

👏 ah yes, buy high, sell low 
👏
This is an excellent example of why you should actually read an article and think about it instead of just reading a headline and taking it at face value.
Wrong. Nothing is more dissapointing than GOT S8
Stoplosses have worked fine for me though. Also withdrawals have been 1-3 days everytime for me. What country are you from? Netherlands here so that might be the difference.
Look this is great and all but looking so fucking fishy
How likely will my $SPY stop limit sell go through at market open?
🤡🤡🤡 It is priced in
Basically a pre hedged bet. I’m going all in on SWBI
Works fine for me
Hold for God damn sake
Sell your shares, cuz shares are for pussies.

Then all in AMD calls and Tesla calls
Bullish.
I’m bullish on AMD, so I’d say hold.
[removed]
This.
[removed]
If that happens ill be up 5 figures for the day
Do you genuinely believe that hardcore Trump supporters will peacefully accept a Biden win after all Trump has said? I encourage you to read the comments under any Fox News article pertaining to the election. Perhaps that will open your eyes
323 the bottom.. isn't it past your bedtime?
[deleted]
Stonks only go 🆙
[deleted]
Hold 105 AMD shares or sell at a loss and put the money into a different stock?
[deleted]
An AR-15 in hand certainly makes the local environment friendlier
That would actually tank the market, no mango tweets economy would be great
Puts on IBKR, their shitty app can’t even show charts correctly
[deleted]
I'd like a large Frosty behind the Wendy's. I'd like some ice cream in a cup too.
Look at the bid/ask spread and the volume. Highly doubt it stays there (although hoping it does)
This
I know, and it hurt your feefees so much you've been stalking me all night.

You're like my 10th stalker on WSB. It's not very exciting tbh.
If NIO will continue mooning like that it could reach 35 Eod.
Cool
SPY Puts at open?
[deleted]
how to survive no nut November when pp is hard from this future
🚨 [THE SQUEEZE HAS BEGUN ](https://youtu.be/KCb2UYq3zlw) 🚨
doesnt let you set stop losses for certain stock exchanges above a certain amount of shares and don't tell you about it until you try to set the stoploss, which u have had to already bought the shares to do because they dont allow you to set a stop loss in ur first order to buy the shares. They also often don't allow you to withdraw and when they do it takes really long
[deleted]
twitter, what an absolute dumpster fire
Systolic
This pump is highly suspicious, is almost like short seller preparing a rapid drop on Tuesday
It is retard. You have to vote for the first time to choose monarchy above democracy. It’s only one time though, not like every 4 years of democracy
Oh ok, lets keep it our little secret.
I did but I hedged wit NIO calls LUL
😘😂😂😂
You flying her to Vegas or LA or doing it local?
GME is not a fund, but they sell second hand games, so that basically makes them like the Greta Thunberg of the business
Oil is the real indicator.
This sign won't stop me, because I can't read!
No lockdown, no tax increase, no Oil ban
MSFT 200 on Friday was the sign boys
Lockdown bullish for ZM
Good boi
I’m into this
[deleted]
Ez so far but a shiny pair of bouncing tits will be torture soon enough.
HOLY SHIT HUGE GREEN CANDLE ON RKT PRE-MARKET
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Every Which Way But Loose (E](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1mcyj958HU) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1mcyj958HU)⠀►►⠀ 1:58 / 2:58 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
[deleted]
Futures just took off lmao. Wonder how many retards held their puts.
The election night will be more dissapointing than GoT season 8
Centrifugal or positive displacement?
FBI is expecting domestic terrorism no matter who wins. You should read the comments under Fox News articles. Trump supporters DEFINITELY won’t accept a Biden win, which is understandable considering Trump has said numerous times that the only way he can lose, is through fraud by the democrats.
SPCE
[deleted]
It's ok when I do a strict one.

It's the worst when I budget for volatility and literally triple the hourly true range + add like a random 6 points just to deal with the fuckers who decide to poke upwards after the very top.
Is it an Orangutan? is it Clyde??

Alexa play Every Which Way but Loose by Eddie Rabbitt
Bro you made a post specifically about me earlier for no reason then got btfo then kept replying to my posts earlier, again you are projecting and it’s obvious and sad please seek help if you can still afford a therapist after tomorrow after you blow up your $400 rh account
NIO will pay for my wife's fake tits
Because analysts expected higher earnings
And i was telling myself this would be the year id last more than a day on no fap November
[deleted]
[deleted]
Shhhhhh don’t tell them.
When it’s red it’s obvious why. When it’s green it’s obvious why.
I'm gonna sit this one out...no really...i'm sitting outside
NIO about to reach 33 omg im so hard right now
Bears think futures are pumping on no news didn’t read the news this weekend.  

323 was the bottom.  RIP 🐻🌈.  JPOW just fucked your puts.

Fed Turns Attention to Asset Purchases After Spelling Out Low-Rate Pledges


https://www.wsj.com/articles/fed-turns-attention-to-asset-purchases-after-spelling-out-low-rate-pledges-11604226601
Yes because it would be Tuesday election day so you cant be before the present
buying calls all week, ATH coming eow
UK up 1% with the new lockdown orders.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sir would you like the xxl fries with your combo?
You mean MSG.
Like your father, you thought about pulling out. You didn’t. Now look where that’s gotten you as a perma Bear.
I’m the one manipulating the market. I’m buying $100 billion worth of stonks right now so it’s green.

I decide whether it’s green or red 🤷‍♂️
😘😘🐋👍🇺🇸
Lol
Why is it ass though?
hi shrek, what a nice surprise you have there
[deleted]
All we need now is for mango to tweet something about stimmy and we mooning back to ATH
Got a good plug, I'll slide some in your dm, first ones free
#BULLWICK
Laugh now Cry later !! Bulls R' Fuked
JERKING MY BULLCOCK SO HARD RIGHT NOW 

JERK JERK !!!
I think so too, Palantir up tells me exactly that.
[deleted]
Blood 🟢🟢🟢
[deleted]
Still going, easy af
Squirrels can get fucking mental. Just sayin'.
No its open lol.
ZM almost up 3%. Is it back to the old retard strength ZM? Or Is it just gonna collapse at open like the last three days because I’m holding calls? 🤔🤔
Why the fuck is this green? I have long dated calls anyway, so I don't mind, but fuck do I go crazy thinking about the manipulation happening behind the scene.
Wait til MARKET open
So how long did no fap November last for you guys this year?
Exactly
Oh really? Reversal at 10am? If you are so sure about it why not bet your life on it.
Post nudes or Ban
The market is pricing in something...something Orange. 💪🇺🇸🏗📈
What do you mean, like google glass?
Bears losing money all week.  You didn’t read the JPOW news apparently.
He doesn’t because if he did he would be BEYOND dumb there is zero evidence for that claim, he is making it to suppress the votes.  

If the dem voter turnout increases 100% that wouldn’t be suspect. Trump is extremely horrible and a significant portion of America sees it and wants him gone
I think you are oversimplifying. The biden page links to a PDF from gabby giffords organization, and I think really it would be a fee not a tax. Which is actually a pretty big difference. Particularly that the money you pay would go to administration of guns/gun safety/etc not into the govt general fund. Similar to hunting license fees.

Also saying it's propaganda is kind of redundant, it's literally a campaign website.
FVCK you bitch!
Can we get a refund?
Uvxy and CRM
[deleted]
[removed]
I would love a +3% day today, followed by a limit down tomorrow
FSLY
In Communist China the Electric Car Companies YOU
some analyst on CNBC said this is just a garden variety pull back...no more than 10-15%

Well, why is all my crop dead?
probably a massive sell off at open
Uvxy
man i love your energy. you are always on
Ugh and no fap November was going so well too 😢
Kodak
The real question. Is this a fake pump and plummet at open or should we go with the flow and get calls at open
[deleted]
Wait if vix goes down then our calls... 

Son of a bitch
Getting hard nipples 💰💰
What made you think this was the right sub for your question?  Was it the loss porn?
[deleted]
FB$ and All social media really
Yes, they all deserve to lose their money until 10am. lol.
[deleted]
What's the stock you're most hyped about?
[Bulls right now](https://youtu.be/S3iVkw44VXs?t=7)
Market closed tomorrow you didn’t know?
🤡🤡🤡
Perfect opportunity for bears to load up on more puts at open
Green day today before the market absolutely shits the bed for the rest for the week
[deleted]
He ordered the postmaster general to slow down delivery times. Yes he does have that magic button. That is why delivery times have skyrocketed, once again he admitted it
LOL up for 40 points! Fuck yeah
It's as if they didn't know volatility means both up and down..
Fuck plebbit shitsucker admins
Friendly reminder, if you get into NIO now then you will have gained 60% when it hits $50 next month.
Lol this is funny.


https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jl45xl/weekend_discussion_thread_for_the_weekend_of/gasd70n/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
Societal breakdown secondary to a disaster is why people panic buy, to stop desperate people from taking their massive stockpiles of toilet paper and lysol.
If you held your puts over the weekend you deserve to lose money 🤷
[deleted]
Jesus fuck options are so expensive right now
The problem with attacking #1 mobile phone maker, China's Huawei, in the expectation that it will clear the field for European & American phone companies that can't compete with it, is that there's a reason why those phone companies were losing to Huawei. Apple was just good enough to take advantage of the opportunity, Nokia was not. So expectations > reality.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [America fuck yeah-team ameri](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhnUgAaea4M) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhnUgAaea4M)⠀►►⠀ 1:24 / 2:06 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Yesssss
Guaranteed 86% versus massive volatility.. you made the right call, buddy.
Free speech. Period.
YES YES BEING ALL THAT MONEY BACK IN USA STONKS 

REALLY where else is safer ?

Tech company’s are making money !!!!

They beat revenue !!!

They good and will take advantage of this pandemic 

ALEXA PLAYS 

“ DMX X GON GIVE IT TO YA “
puts on sale
Alexa play America Fuck Yeah
I won’t by ruger just because I think their guns are shit. SWBI all the way.
If you want green buy spy
you obviously dont get the point of this topic, 100k is a drop in the ocean for NIO, people were trying tog et him to drop 100k on something that might trigger a pump
JP Morgan just upgraded to buy.

I've got way too much in this now.

$NIO 1/15 37 call
[removed]
NIO will end the day up another 15% like Thursday. Book it
[removed]
Glad SPY went up a bit so we can fall again no fear of a bear trap
Fuck these puts I got as hedges
Says the guy who literally can't stop thinking about me and has been following me around all night because I made a harmless joke at your expense like 8 hours ago, lol

Up or down tomorrow, I'm living rent free in your mind. And that's priceless.
[deleted]
Ight, im in.
yeah but not everyone thinks it will go down. Euwax Sentiment is at -10, S&P 500 is at -3, Dow is at -4. 

I would not be to sure that we´ll see a rally today
Narrator: Little did he realize it was not.
Holy shit unreal pump imma be fucked at open
Jesus
The worst feeling when it hits your stop and then immediately goes the other way
market go big pp
Is that... a bull.... fish?
[deleted]
WHY BEARS SO QUITE NOW !!!!
eu is green homie
Love that spy is mooning on no news
I am curious how much IV is going to crush on the indices at open....
Trump loses and refuses to leave office. After a month he is forced out but continues to campaign and rally. Builds up tension until civil war ensues. Gun stocks moon.
Thk u bby. $109.76 is good enough for my ocd ass brain to sleep now
Oh wow, you deserve to lose
[deleted]
Yes
i wnT TO kick myself for selling NIO option calls 10 contracts last weeeek....
They baught?
dammiiittt
Tomorrow you cant trade?
Thats hurtful my guy. Down right cold blooded

I will have you know i make remixes and music videos in my off hours and i enjoy long hot showers.

I have all the personality you could ask for

Just reach out and touch someone next time. We are all brothers here
Seriously. Gun and ammo prices only go up. Buy a bunch of crap in between election years and sell the extra ammo and guns you don't really care about anymore during election years. 20 to 50% returns garunteed
Love how all the bulls hopes are getting up right now
[deleted]
**bruh WTF is this cursed image from investing.com**

https://ca33f332e2199349c49c-dc74b5af55c9b2a1bd8891aa9e8701fc.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/maintenance/comics-bg.png
Get fucked 🌈🐻
F
You are greedy and shouldn't be investing?
[deleted]
Neither a bull nor a bear but this is exactly where you should buy puts
Talk to my Citi leaps you fuck. EPS 60% beat down 5% in one day
Cause they went from \~$10 to like $50 while also acquiring another company
😂😂😂🚀📈🤑
 
🐻🌈🔫
[deleted]
/ ﾌﾌ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ム///

/ )\⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Y

(⠀⠀| 🇺🇸.             ⌒(⠀ ノ

(⠀ ﾉ⌒ Y ⌒ヽ-く ____／

| _⠀｡ノ| ノ｡ |/

(⠀ー '_人`ー ﾉ

⠀|\ ￣ _人'彡ﾉ

⠀ )\⠀⠀ ｡⠀⠀ /

⠀⠀(\⠀ #⠀ /

⠀/⠀⠀⠀/ὣ====================D🐻

/⠀⠀⠀/⠀ \ \⠀⠀\

( (⠀)⠀⠀⠀⠀ ) ).⠀)

(⠀⠀)⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀( | /

|⠀ /⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ | /

[] ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀[__]
I'm starting to get worried that you actually can't read
[deleted]
Yup like literally at the top
[deleted]
This amount of cope holy shit seek help
I swear to god if I break even on my calls I will buy cocaine with all the money I should've lost
My SPY puts are up 86%. Why the fuck didn’t I sell?
but not til after that juicy opening rally
Today is the last trading day before election day...
good luck america you really are fucked when you need a gun to feel safe  


Wise humans use language to discuss problems  
Dumb ones use their fists

Mass gun ownership is suicidal
[deleted]
I know WSB weed stock enthusiasts have at least one thing in common with their fellow gas station attendee who plays slots and scratch offs on the reg, $107.36 to their name. So load up on those $0.01 calls and pray to base god for a Biden win!
You get liquidated?
[deleted]
Just admit you were wrong...
Sold covered call for Tesla 397C for juicy premium. I thought I was such a smart ass. The person who bought my calls sent me Thank you.
ALEXA !! PLAY “ SHOOOT TO THRILL “ 

BY AC/DC 

ITS BEAR HUNTING TIME
Stonks really do only go up 😳
Are you guys seriously celebrating 4 hours before open, this thing is gonna kang hard
It's going down now guys, they just wanted to liquidate my short position that had like a 1.5% stop loss limit.
How do you lose money on SBUX after they report decent earnings?

someone tell me how?
Be patient.
I'm shorting here, will I get this time right.. find out next week on "retard tries to make money"
[deleted]
Should have sold at +5.99%
Can't wait to load up puts
[deleted]
I just said: I could very well be wrong today. I held a small amount of puts over the weekend, but it's okay if they go to zero, because it's been a great month for bears. 

I don't know what else you want me to say.
No, I have poor market discipline.
I've been inexplicably bleeding out on these gun stocks buying them at the peak.
Hot EV company backed by the Chinese government. What could go wrong?
Why does ARK ETF hold so much NVTA?
Damn. I am starting to become so bearish that I become bullish.
This.
What part of Russia are you from?
Wtf is going on 😳
[deleted]
>Civil unrest due to corona would only come from lockdowns that people get sick of and start rioting like we see in Europe. 

What?
Hahahaha upvoted 👍👍😏😘
Yes, investment bankers make shit loads their entire careers, even if they only stay in investment banking for a few years.
[deleted]
Ironic when you’re the one doing the serious cope and delusion, remember what I said earlier about projection?? Stop it man it’s sad
I’m pretty flabbergasted, and I’m a bull
is the day over? and you can't wait til Tuesday?
Lmao yes hacienda kids sucks
you guys missed the bottom last friday
Lol if the future continue to go up like this Trump might actually win the election.
;)
Yo wtf is up with nio? Why's this shit just shooting up every day?
Dow rn 🚀🕺🇺🇸
RGR, SWBI, VSTO
ROTATION BACC IN USA STONKS 

CANT TRUST EURO INDEX 

ONLY USA SAFE PLACE TO STORE MONEY
GDP numbers finally starting to sink in
Its okay to admit when you're wrong.
F in the chat for the gay bears.
Man I’ve got a feeling my FDX calls I bought at bottom Friday are going to make me some serious money today.
Lets get SPY to 335. Teach these bears a lesson!
PINS looking good to me
[deleted]
Orange is the new you ain't Black
Indeed
I have 15k in puts 

And 1.7 million in my retirement accounts in Nasdaq 100 indexes 
What u think matters to me more
Not sure what you mean, but with a real broker, I can trade /ES futures at 6pm Sunday and spy at 8 pm on Sunday. 

Edit: I’ve never traded SPY on Sunday, but 8pm is when I see trades registering on spy again.
I dont think you become the other you. The other you just keeps being you and you die.
[deleted]
[deleted]
God so green. This is the worst day of my life since my kids were born.
I'm a bull but I was really hoping for a red Monday for loading up on more shares.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bears on Friday: 😎

Bears rn: 😳🕶🤏
Massive Grinch pp tomorrow 😌
lmao, beating the S&P 500 not even that hard, just scalp some dailies and for a nice 30% return and boom, on your way to being in the history books
Ass Burger
GM WSBers

am i waking up to a bull trap?
Still gonna have to shave that neck beard bro
As an lgbtq member I agree. I hate it on any other sub. But we get to call each other mean names here because nothing anyone here says compares to how much robinhood has fucked me.
God Bless America
Hey we get it u are a incel , don’t get laid 

And have no postions so u can’t take advantage at open and miss out on free money
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Moon River - Andy Williams  ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_jgIezosVA) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_jgIezosVA)⠀►►⠀ 1:50 / 2:45 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
I found some Google AMP links in your comment. Here are the normal links:

 - [https://www.reddit.com/r/AntifascistsofReddit/comments/a8b9gj/i_heard_yall_dislike_notsees_heres_a_discord_for/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AntifascistsofReddit/comments/a8b9gj/i_heard_yall_dislike_notsees_heres_a_discord_for/)

 Beep Boop, I'm a bot. If I made an error or if you have any questions, my [creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/6b86b3ac03c167320d93) might check my messages.  
 [Source Code](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot) | [Issues](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot/issues) | [FAQ](https://laurinneff.ch/2020/10/17/nogoogleampbot/)  
Why does this bot exist?  
Google does a lot of tracking, which many people don't want, so they use alternatives to their services. Using AMP, they can track you even more, and they might even replace ads with their own, stealing ad revenue from the site's owners. Since there's no consistent way of finding the original links from an AMP link, I made this bot which automatically does it for you.
Here, these guys will get you started in the right groups: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/AntifascistsofReddit/comments/a8b9gj/i_heard_yall_dislike_notsees_heres_a_discord_for/
Alexa play Moon River by Andy Williams
Outlook good
RKT PLEASE DO SOMETHING GOOD TODAY
Bulls aren't quick to learn. It's been one bull trap after another.
Chasing momentum is such a winning strategy!
Don't worry, the green will be gone in 2 hours.
[deleted]
I have 10% of my accounts in puts after being up 1,000% this month playing bearish weeklies, yes.

I'd like them to print but honestly, it's kinda whateva
DOWN AT DINO’S BAR AND GRILL
Isn't he trying to create some vaccine in order to give everybody autism?
Ugh this hurts...rip my 10/30 31cs
holy good fuck its ripping, we might limit up
[removed]
Guess who's back, back again

Bulls are back, tell a friend

Guess who's back, guess who's back?

Guess who's back, guess who's back?

Guess who's back, guess who's back?

Guess who's back?
FIST ON CHEST NO FEAR !!!!! BUY BUY BUY
fuck your puts
As a gay bear bull this was too good to be true
🤮
POINT COCK TO THE SKY 

AND BUY!!!!!!!
I tried to be polite you fucking dimwit, but Google is not allowed in China, so that's a no go. The actual chinese name means cat bear, and only the giant variation of Panda is equidistant between the raccoon and bear family, the other species such as red, and brown Panda are closer to the raccoon family. It's a decades long debate, and they let any jackoff like yourself edit Wikipedia so I wouldn't take that as fact or an definitive answer. Is it really true you retards  believe everything you see on the fox news?
So what happened now? UK flat, DAX meh. everything else treading water. S&P futures rocket? Sounds like a bull trap.
last bit of green before the civil starts
Taco bell. No mexican pizza no business. Lets not even mention the potatoes. Losers.
nio will pay for my chin implant
NIO early hours pump. Shoutout to the gay bears
[deleted]
[deleted]
Puts?
Monday pump day
Hold your calls till eow guys
Big green dildo confirmed.
Maybe
[deleted]
Pigs get slaughtered
#FUCK YOUR FUTURES WERE GETTING CIRCUIT BREAKERS TOMORROW
Looks like my puts are donezo
*THE BULLS ARE BACK IN TOWN !*
I’m using this green dildo to load the fuck out of my shorts!!!
I'd recommed to split up your investments between Exxon, Somalian gov. bonds and Raytheon Technologies.
Ahahahha your name tag
Someone downvoting every comment again.
Yikes
Stimmy passed or something? Lol
alright good night fellaw, we will print bigly tomorrow
once the shooting starts, these calls are sure to print
Destroy Bear Monday back on the table?
Saying this after a straight month of red... I honestly don't know if it's a cope or just straight up delusions at this point. Bears will be fine even if today is a +5% day. 

But I hope ur OK bro. People love you. Remember: it's just money.
Won’t even care about the market tmrw. Let alone Tuesday. Recall in 2016 we had a massive move lower(I think 10%) the night of, which was bought all the way back up by morning
UPS
[deleted]
This is the way. The best way!
Tech could surge by 3% today, with corona on the rise everyone knows it's basically free money.
[deleted]
Thanks. Very entertaining
Thats all i see. Discount prices for all my long-term positions. Buying more weekly.
Uh, you tagged me.
You really gotta feel bad for the bears. When will they learn?
I think the mix of satire, shitposting, and people actually executing on the god awful advice you see here is what makes this place magical.
I hope RH engages diamond hands mode and bears can't get rid of their puts fast enough.
Thank you for your sacrifice retard.
😢 your sacrifice will be remembered dear 🌈🐻
yeah I really don't see a lame duck signing stimmy into law out of pure spite.
F
I am also a girl and I come here for the laughs mostly. I like to check the sentiment, but since the sub blew up its hard to get any good intel. It’s like now the sub is just dedicated to raging gay tension. 🤔
[deleted]
[removed]
FACTS MAN! The anticipation is killing me
[deleted]
my 11/4 320s are ded

rip
Ahh yes just how I like it the bulls are back
I bet bears will get more puts and hope for a crash,

I think we will be green all week due to short squeeze
ROTATION TO US STONKS
You right. 😰
Did NIO announce a space program today? 🌑🌑🌑🌑🌑🌑
I bet, you care enough to reply back to anyone who calls you out for your dumb shit. Says a lot(;
This week
Everyone pile into calls at open.
Yeah if you want to spend 100k to learn to buy calls
All in long, high low thesis, plays out since April
you can't unsuck a cock bruh
Maybe
Buy the rumor sell the news. Regardless of who wins, they’ll be talking about passing Stim every week until January. If Senate is blue it will be a very large Stim package and stocks will moon on the rumor of it wayyyyy before it actually happens (if ever). 

This isn’t a football game. Think different and make money. Or not.
We Gravy baby
We’re one fucking day away.  Jfc I’ve never been this excited for an event. More than 2016
Looks like I should’ve gotten further otm calls....
the good times are back baby
Take a pre workout and lift heavy things
Good job but gotta finish it
Yes
Idk man look at FTSE 100
No
[deleted]
“I don’t have a personality so weed is my personality.”
"The retailers loaded up on puts."

"Pömp EEt."
still pretty retarded, i don't think tesla will drop below 350$
ok

ngl all I care about is money. I give absolutely 0% what people on WSB think.

You care a lot, which says it all. 


You've been stalking me for a while now, but I actually don't even know who you are. Can you link me to where I hurt your feelings? I'm a bit lost.
NIO and NIU 😎
Divided and conquered bear's asshole.
Can’t wait to see the loss porn on this
What's up ladies, are bears fucked?
this is gold

investing in this video, it literally cannot go tits up!
Is banking and finance a good degree? 🎓
323 was the bottom.  RIP 🐻🌈.  JPOW just fucked your puts.

[Fed Turns Attention to Asset Purchases After Spelling Out Low-Rate Pledges](https://www.wsj.com/articles/fed-turns-attention-to-asset-purchases-after-spelling-out-low-rate-pledges-11604226601)
Whattup 420 gang whos ready for a circuit breaker?
There's a $200 tax stamp on NFA items and you officially get put on a government list if the feds give you permission to own one. Biden wants add a bunch of normal stuff like like standard capacity magazines and semi-auto rifles to the NFA list because the Supreme Court will never let them fully ban them. 

The 1934 National Firearms Act (NFA) is what makes all the fun stuff illegal unless you pay the $200 tax stamp (which was something like $3800 in 1934 adjusted for inflation) and go through an in-depth background check where the federal government crawls up your ass and then gets to know where your silencer or short barrel rifle or whatever is located and when you travel with it. It was basically passed to keep poor people from getting Tommy guns and Browning Automatic Rifles and revolting during the Great Depression. Now the Democrats want to add a bunch of semi automatic rifles and magazines to the list to continue to keep poor people under control. Watch in a few more years when they'll try to increase the price of that tax stamp.
Already on to it.
[removed]
How? Since when did the President decide funding for the post office? When did he get get authority over shipping logistics?

One is Congress the other is handled at local levels. The President doesn't have a magic button that makes trucks drive slower and postal workers get fired.
That was the predicted date for earnings. Nio always usually put deliveries out between 1st-3rd monthly.

Nio have said earnings will be released 17th November.
I wouldn’t be surprised if we go red after open and end up green again 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
You still have $17. 

Go out there and print those puts!
[deleted]
Yeah I don’t even think you trade lol. Somehow you always make money when you’re wrong most of the time? Mhm, makes sense. Trying to look cool to impress online people, weirdo.
It’s like nam but gay
[deleted]
Keep the heart rate up ( smokes and caffeine), then stick to lifting in the 8-12 rep range.
[deleted]
Wait until after earnings call. I think their earnings call will be terrific. If recent events are an indicator, terrific earnings calls means stocks tanking. Then buy when cheap.
Didnt u said yesterday u had puts?
wow you connected the dots after the rally happened good job
[deleted]
This feels like Vietnam. Looking around seeing the bodies of all my fallen bear comrades
[deleted]
My Intel shares will finally make tendies today!
In the teaching of Dwight,

On last Friday if you were going to buy puts, think if an idiot would do that and the answer was No. Then don't do it.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ink666 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
mhmmm Idk but feels like kinda fake to me
Not too late
I feel bad for 0DTE SPY bears right now. Your sacrifice will be remembered. Bless you.
You did it to yourself
[deleted]
I thought the number is released on 11/10?
Wsbsynth is back online 

Going to be awesome week
TWO IN THE STINK.
i was in the kitchen eating dorito when the phone ring

jerome powell call me “bear r kil”

“no”
Jesus I just finished sunny today
This “market” is causing me physical pain.
Calls at open will be hard to get on limit orders.
i agree
Those who were expecting a huge Europe sell off .. major indicies are already down 10% in 6 weeks. There may another leg down, but suspect would need bad vaccine data / heavily contested election to do it.
Yessir
Nice. Looks good. Thanks.
Y’all got anymore of that under $30 NIO?
inverse WSB, it is that simple,

when we see a lot of people talking about puts, we know it is time to switch to calls
😂. After November 3rd, In case trump losses by very small margin, There are chances he may not concede election to Biden. It’s danger than nuclear holocaust.
YA STUPID BEARS LOCKDOWN IS BULLISH 

4 Tech !!!

u been TUNDERSTRUCK !!!

🔥🔥🏋️🏋️🏋️😛😛🐋🐋🍆🦈🦈🦈🪂
You really don't think he believes it? 

No, a marginal jump yes. A statistical variation will not jump 100%. If the democratic voter turnout jumps into the 80-90%s that would be an anomaly at minimum, definitely suspect and more than enough fire power.
ive got hella calls and puts baby i diversify
I don’t trust futures - nuts 🥜
I come to you bulls in need of forgiveness. I was lost but now I'm found. I know now everything was priced in after all.
[deleted]
Also lockdowns actually works so this is basically a covid cure
This is the way
Just fuck the bear
3d chess 160 iq
It’s a bear you mouth breather. Google that shit.
Ha my calls will go from -50% to -47% ! Now who's laughing? huh?!
Yeah if you aren’t allowed to trade right now, then you’re not allowed to celebrate or brood about it. Nothing exists until the gain/loss is realized you fucking amateurs.
Was $tsla at $180 (pre-split) too late?
Tech is a safe haven irrespective of outcome.  Buy tech and come to tendie town
These are the comments I come here for.
Bruh you've been tagging me all month and I've just been printing nonstop.

Even if you're right today, it doesn't matter because I've already locked in 1,000% gains on bearish weeklies. 

Just stop, bro. It's weird.
TBH no way the market is bullish until after maybe Wednesday 

I also don’t see NIO being affected too much but 25-26 would be prime buying oppprtunity
We won’t be getting a stimulus for a while if Trump loses. Are you saying that the market is betting on a Biden loss?
Bro I got calls 

Ok Friday 

Wait don’t tell me u missing out and did not get anything ?

The fuck u look forwards to in life then
That's what I have been doing. Random things. Helped me quite a bit. Now, I want to take it to the next level tho
Fitbod app there you go
Arkq
Good NIO DD: https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/comments/jmh8vh/nio_manufacturing_tldr_with_currencies_translated/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Just do it coward

Worst case: free soup
You bears didn't realize that Europe in lockdown means massive sector rotation from EU to US stocks?
My NIO 34cs about to be ITM by open. Wow
Would you have thought it was too late to get on board when TSLA was at $100?
It would be smarter to buy puts more then a week out. The current situation seems to obvious for puts this week so market goes up or flat
fading euro open is usually a god tier play

it opened lower
Here we go again. Lets see how it does at open
Reminder if you are a yank to go out and vote tomorrow, doesn't matter which side but make sure you make your choice or no bitching afterwards.

Oh and to keep this relevant to the sub, buy the dip, look the eurorich are showing you the way right now.
Daily reminder to not let your sister be alone with the mods, she will exit mad at men & curious to the lifestyle of living with a female.
"Oh, I'll get in NIO next week"

-- me for the past 30 weeks 🤡🤡🤡
Whoever is upvoting everyone.. I hope your bootyhole stays tight 🤞
Looks like bottom fishers are out casting nets. Thanks for telling them to buy, Cramer. I will be selling some stonk into them this morning.
You can't have a pandemic if you don't acknowledge the existance of the virus
Kinda lame but okay
Just do push/pull/legs.
Where were you when bears were kil
I held NOK 5c for 2021 but thankfully sold when it hit close enough. The company in general is just very underperforming.

Now I’m in the same boat with RDS. Thankfully they’re  at least trying to lure investors.
Flawless dd. PUTS!
Thank god I’m in vix and not puts lmao jesus
Comments with Ticker dgly with a $ in front gets  automod removed
TSLA KEEP GOING
Never. Jump on board!!
I sold my fucking pokemon collection to buy puts. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. This gay world.
Fuk Im late for nio
bro youre a trip
Earning on 11/17. $40 not safe
Imagine this reverses like it did PM Friday haha jk. Unless...
Going to sell my calls that I got on Friday and go all in puts today.
NIO always moons when SPY moons so i can’t take advantage of both at the same time 😡
Some logic for smooth brains: numbers coming in for early voting, market is starting to price in a huge stimulus package. Take that how you will.
Bears are questioning their life choices right now.
I stay up cause i love reading the 4am panic
i think most people who are holding puts are thinking the US situation is fucked, thus buy puts.
I think he meant usa market
No you’ll be taking the bus to work.
Thank you for not being a fucking retard
Need a nice gym plan for getting in shape. Any ideas where skills I look for?
YEAHHHH. !!!

BLOOD GREEN HOLY SHIT WHO SEE THAT GAP TO up 

MERICA BIG VASCULAR COCK!!!

COCK!!
WE LOVE COCK!!!!
My phone is blowing up with a bunch of retards tagging me out of the blue.

You know what that means.
TIL everything was priced in after all.
🍆💪🐻✌️
This market ain't for the weak
Oil being mod level gay once again. Markets green though because we live in the upside down. Glad I still have calls
We do not ask such questions here. Just yolo it
100% this shit tanking after 10
Pump markets to own retail -> go bankrupt because of 'liquidity mismatch' -> receive Fed bailout

Its the circular economy
China safe haven for European investors. Covid free zone.
everything is priced in including a nuclear holocaust
And there you have it, the reason why it’s ripping
I’m holding these puts till after the election
[deleted]
SQ calls because -10% off an acquisition? What the fuck
Guys we lost 5-6% last week in US markets last week, a green day or even week wouldn't be suprising.
Is it too late to get on with NIO
Imagine not having calls and missing out this Monday because your a scare bitch Hahahaha 😂😂😂
It's obviously a man/bear/pig. Bulls are safe. Calls on everything.
Shit you invested in Deutsche Bank?
[deleted]
Dollar pumping, oil down, futures bull trap, red by open 🩸
jesus fucking christ my puts
[deleted]
Literally both of these stocks are most of my portfolio
Won't be able to take my eyes off this NIO chart

Puts on my sleep
Futures ripping bears fuked!
>bull market

*gestures to the past 2 months*
That’s how market screwed people last week.
nope priced in
Sorry bear.
He doesn’t actually believe that, he is saying that to suppress the vote. And no, a huge jump in democratic voters shows a huge backlash to trumps huge failures
Otm calls 2 weeks out @ open.

Eezz
Yah they have it after every weekday mass
No lockdown is possible without a massive stimmy bill.
Just released, 5055 (+101% YoY).  Nice. 

Nio up 6% after hours 🚀
Fuck eurorich
[deleted]
[deleted]
Looks like the bear is scratching his head in confusion so i would buy calls.
NIO 🚀🚀🚀
But he thinks the democratic party is literally sending out fake ballots and a huge chunk of his followers do to. 

If you see a HUGE jump in Democrat turn out that will be evidence of that.
[removed]
Permatard.
„just round up“
He doesn’t have to tell people to steal mail in ballots when he is doing to suppressing himself
It’s always bullish bulls just hide when it’s red😂
market crash to 2700 priced in!
Everything causes a spike in gun sales, don’t be so sensitive.
Everything was discovered to actually be priced in all along
It may happen that there is an acquisition to Nokia if it goes lower.  ? ¿????????????????????????
[deleted]
You're wrong. I only have 10% of my portfolio in puts.

But whatever helps you sleep at night.

You also realize that attacking me for "being up all night" is sorta braindead when you are also here right?
Lol only chinese stocks are ripping.
I am expecting US lock down soon after election. Which still needs to be priced in.
Better dump those pits at open bears, cuz we in a bull market now. Friday was the bottom.
so yeah my puts are fucked
CHWY 18 Dec 70c   /   DKNG 19 Feb 21c   /   ETSY 18 Dec 24c  /   FDX 18 Dec 140c   /   SQ   20 Nov 165c
Such an obvious play buying calls during a massive pandemic and a contested election
I beg to differ. At least the Zoo people at the Chongching Zoo in China, the largest population of non wild Panda's in the world have been spouting that they are in fact part of the raccoon family, they even have this nugget of info as a trivia question to zoo guests. Now they could have just been messing with the round-eyes, but I don't believe so. Looking at some of the non-giant variations like the smaller brown Panda: the resemblance to raccoon traits is much more pronounced. Where can these molecular studies that state different be found good sir?
Judging by the futures, looks like Trump's trying to put the first woman on the moon
Imagine thinking those are good prices 😂😂
Short squeeze incoming with a dump sometime in the afternoon
Might wanna keep up which post you are responding to. I made no comment about guns. This was in reference to the “antifia plans to riot.”
Well. I said AAPL $110 premarket and got $109.50. Plz say “just round up” 😰
confession on a Monday?
uk lockdown priced in
[i never win what gives?](https://i.imgur.com/7v8Td05.jpg)
Theta gang thanks you and hope to see you again soon in our gambling houses
is it just me or is nio at 32.5 rn
[deleted]
orrrrrrrrrrr, THIS...is the bull-trap. (think aboutit)
[deleted]
S&P 500 futures opened red -0.5% and now at green +0.75%. Is there any news for sudden spike?
oh shit - disregard my comment. NIO calls to play another week of run up then.
[deleted]
Nokia and Deutsche bank are really bad. Need to be sold or disappear
Weird how some people on here will get btfo multiple times and still convince themselves they’re right and everybody else actually making money and the market are wrong. It’s called denial 😂 just admit you’re wrong and start making money it’s ez
Hi  [u/ContentViolation1488](https://www.reddit.com/user/ContentViolation1488/)

I do think this is the best way to mimic the buy and hold strategy and get premium on top.

I guess you're using it, how did it hold up the last month?
“If we don’t make a deal, that means they don’t get the money,” Trump told host Maria Bartiromo. “That means they can’t have universal mail-in voting; they just can’t have it.” And then he slowed down the mail in votes. And now he claims all votes after Election Day won’t count. A significant majority of mail in votes are democrat, he knows that too. 

Biden isn’t doing any of this type of election fraud
Good, means demand skyrockets and everyone is forced to by the newest generation of iPhone
Smart move
I don't usually commit margins to big stop loss limits. But when I do, I'm very sure they will fuck me over with the top 10 greatest ever pumps or cliff dives.
In all

Tech and Nasdaq are at very good prices 

No shit people are buying
[deleted]
[deleted]
Man... I just yelled out “bears are fucked” full volume in my room while jumping on my bed in delight and my mom ran into my room and says I need to go to confession tomorrow to repent for my thoughts of bestiality. I’m so sick of this conservative religious nut! 😐
this is wsb
ER on 11/17
Price target was recent now its Biden winning election
[deleted]
Closed by open
I’m selling my calls in the morning and adding puts. Even if this is a landslide uncontested win, corona is going to be on a rampage.
Nokia xc.    I fuck call 2021
A relief rally isn't suprising. During the March crash one of the weeks actually ended green
it was an obvious pre manufactured bear trap
[removed]
Oil below 35 a barrel totally normal
RKT I’m gonna need you to go up with the market today
Game plan today is to roll out my covered $35 Friday Nio calls to $40 calls sometime next week
ATH delivery numbers
It’s not the coronavirus people buy guns for, it’s the civil unrest following extreme situations like a pandemic. I’m saying this in the off-chance that you actually don’t know why societal collapse can cause people to think guns might be neat, even though my guess is you’re reaching for a potshot at the US.

Plus the rioting caused a bigger surge in gun sales than ‘rona in the first place.
MASSIVE EPIC SHORT SQEEZE !!!

Coming soon
BBC big
Monthly deliveries for October hit 5,055.. first time over 5k
Who bought calls at 323 🙋‍♂️
RemindMe! 36 hours
Everyone piled into shorts. About to get squeezed today?
[deleted]
This sub too bullish rn 👀
Its the only reason we need
Hah yes it is you fuckwit I’m from the Uk! Opened over an hour ago
Franziskaner is also very good
how many hours until premarket
Neither did biden. He is against mail in ballots for no actual reason based on evidence. There is no evidence of people sending in fake ballots enough to chance anything significant at all. A handful out of tens of millions. 
It is blatantly cheating to throw out all votes after Election Day that were mailed before, SPECIFICALLY when he CAUSED THE DELAY! he ordered the mail to be slowed and he admitted himself it’s to slow votes. 
He is the one doing voter fraud, not random individuals.
Bears ate all that theta just to get reminded j pows at the wheel
Coz everyone thought it will be doomsday so even 0.1 % is worth celebration. Get it Jan!
[deleted]
This is gonna be the biggest short squeeze in recent history
Why everyone so bullish on nio today? Aside from the usual reasons
Are bears really just masochists? I saw so many comments warning them, but they just ignored and downvoted.    
Silly bears 😂
This doesn’t aged well

Edit: Just saw the expiration, you still got time mate
NIO on an Andromeda mission
LETS GOOOO BULLS
Told you all green by morning , i just woke up and im laughing at the stupid bears losing money on puts ahahaha. Bull gang rise up
I sense bull trap at open
wut.... why are your teeth yellow... your breath smells gross.. take a shower
Good mooning! Feels nice to be catching a big gap up.
[deleted]
Oh man first the algos pick up on the bears, now they’re going to pick up on the bulls?

Ya’ll need to stop hyping shit so quickly
And it’s only just begun
imagine not being kang gang in this market
329-333
No reason
We bacc we atacc bear facc
Down 2% so good luck
Everything up to 5 billion cases/4 billion deaths priced in.
Let’s be clear, it says this is the case for assault weapons.
We going up another 10% today
[deleted]
It’s barely up. Going to bed
Go on
Imagine thinking everyone else wasn’t making money on puts that whole time then switched to calls when it was obvious to everyone but the lowest IQ individuals
So we calling the bottom at 3225? ATH after election uncertainty is over?
Comments with Ticker dgly with a $ in front gets  automod removed
Havent you heard? Mondays the bear club discount on puts
i’ve got 11/6 puts as well. i’ll probably hold through the election and judge it from there
I’m a bull and anything less than +.90% IS NOT mooning
Lmao say this again in 5 1/2 hours
hehehehe dirty bears deserved it
Europe in lockdown, so sector rotation from Euro to US stocks.
Lmao say this again in 5 1/2 hours
Sigh
[removed]
How big
Damn might as well buy NIO calls at open and sell them 20 minutes later
[removed]
Because y’all making it seem as if spy is going to drop -4% at open constantly
B

E

A

R F U K
I don't see Trump systematically telling people to steal ballots. 

Regardless, think about it logically. He was against mail in ballots. He didn't want them in the first place. If he thinks Democrats are sending out fake ballots(which many people believe but only a major jump in Democrat voter turn out will prove and many think the fact we are almost at 70% total turnout in 16` is evidence of this) then he would logically be fine with that. It's not illogical what he doing though you may think it's wrong. 

Either way, if you think the vote is incorrect for whatever reason, either side should fight it.
Sure did pal
[deleted]
..."internet, fuck yeah"

..."slavery, fuck yeah"

lol...
East Asia, Best Korea, Taiwan, etc.

But the most brutal thing I have done many occassions before COVID times it was to travel there from Europe arrive by 6am local time (so 00:00 CET) in Asia and start working full 3 days, spending only 2 nights over there and back.
Futures are literally mooning rn wtf. Donny trying to pump markets before election?
WE HAVE LIMITED DOWN!
Never give up never surrender
mooning
.              ,🪐.     ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　   .      ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　 .　　　　　　　　　　　　　.✦.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　🌖. 　　　　　　,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 .     ,    .☀️ 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　　　　　　　　　　        . 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　                   .                     .✦ 　   　　　       ,　nio🚀 　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,
Open big but close red
Holy fuk it just keeps going up
[deleted]
So those roasting me for my 25k in spy calls wya
Did NIO really just gap the fuck up?
I’ve been up for the last two months actually. I’m going to chill this week until things settle 🙂
FIST ON CHEST NO FEAR !!!

REVENGE OF THE BULLS
WE BACC!!! 

BULLWICK TIME 


#BULLPRIDE
Green by red
11123.58
This is the Kinda motivation I needed to hold puts through election
No, the panic buying really kicked off with the riots. It was still pretty easy to find guns and ammo when all the lockdowns started.

Nationwide riots + defunding police + election year when the Democrats are going to make buying a gun as annoying as possible if they win + virus hype + economic uncertainty = it's probably a great time to be a first time gun buyer
That user lonelyegg be sonning you bulls
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/jmdeue/were_going_in_with_our_lawyers_trump_admits_plan/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Individuals doing it is different than the candidate/president himself doing it

Biden isn’t doing that
Where's that unusual options activity article again. So who's turn is it to fuk with the mms
[deleted]
Diamond hands don’t show weakness
Imagine being surprised that people want to buy that massive dip from last week, it's pretty much free money.
Some of y’all need to zoom out on your charts sometime and stop being prisoners of the moment. You got your drop already.  They don’t last forever.
Huh
Dude I found the cure for cancer and rona trust me dude I swear
I laughed so hard at this lol
If you offer up your tender asshole you could probably get that sooner.
Lol NIO.
This is the energy I need
I’m making a lot baby
Nio $32.50 and climbing... 🚀
[deleted]
Sir this is a Wendys.
HAHAHAH STUPID FUCKEN BEARS THINKING MM WOULD LET POORS GET CHEAP SHARES AHHAHAGA 


HAHAHAHHA
Bruh you kidding me? If this holds up, they gave us another put sale.

So much money will be made.
Yeah I think you made the right move. I guess we’ll see post election
+1% or dump into flat close, Tuesday should be fun
NIO 😍 why aren’t I deeper?
Change those 320 puts for some 325+?
Why are y’all celebrating a .60% rise rise in spy? Lol
[deleted]
RemindMe! 2 months 

I’ll keep you updated
BLOOD GREEN MOTHER FUCKER 

YEAHHH!!!

AMERICA FUCK YEAH !!!!!!!!

COMING TO SAVE THE MOTHER fucken DAY YEAH !!!!

https://youtu.be/3ip73pPeokY
Russian bots pumping futures rn can’t believe they’re interfering with our market now smh
I'm donating it towards Elon, he's going to change the world
[removed]
[deleted]
And again nobody making money lmao
yes, u r in the wrong sub
Sorry man, I still don't get it. How exactly you people enjoy more time in day just by changing clock numbers ?
Investing dot com front page still trying to convince me that European markets are down
UVXY calls on green open seem like free Money
Hoping for a full blown Apocalypse so my puts print.
Euroriches got their shit together and bought the fucking dip
Hows that working out for ya 😘
LMFAO up schizo posting all night scared about his positions only to get btfo at 4am you love to see it true poetic justice
Sure hope so. SQQQ 🚀🚀🚀
[deleted]
[deleted]
[red by open ](https://www.ignboards.com/attachments/1603429980263-png.369791/)
Imagine not selling your puts Friday. All those tendies gone. Reduced to atoms
i fucking hate u/bigzsmurf
Why Apple specifically?
kangaroos in full force
[deleted]
Modest gains pre-market, sell-off around 1
You have 20 months in Europe?
Imagine losing money for the entirety of October then posting "imagine being a bear" when futures are slightly green


I mean you don't have to imagine, but everyone else
Alright, bears, what's the game plan? Things are looking pretty bleak for my 11/6 SPY $320 puts.
Yes
Guys what “will make my calls print Wednesday “

Is all that matters to me 

That’s how I voted with that VERY FUCKEN TOUGHT IN MIND
I cracked my lower back and my sinus headache went away.

So I'm a chiropractor now apparently
Last Friday, at 2:45pm when SPY hit 323 range I sold out of all my short positions, and moved into OTM monthly range calls, on tickers whose value was beaten way down, and had the potential in the past weeks to jump large % either way, but to flip them short term. Let’s see how that goes today... 

CHWY 18 Dec 70c   /   DKNG 19 Feb 21c   /   ETSY 18 Dec 24c  /   FDX 18 Dec 140c   /   SQ   20 Nov 165c
volatility is velocity of time
I don't think its random (though I never bothered to check how they decide it so it could be for all I know). You can think of it as it's original purpose, is to allow people to enjoy more time in the day, and less time in the dark.
We pumping because the bagholders like me know it's too late to sell, the time to get out was last week. It's all or nothing now, we ain't selling for a loss. May it enrage you.
Hopefully
Dildooo
This literally doesn’t make any sense. I’m fuckign beyond pissed right now
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck my life
r/investing
my crayons say this should dump really soon, dont worry


https://imgur.com/a/RNQ5fGg
"For many decades, the precise taxonomic classification of the giant panda was under debate because it shares characteristics with both bears and raccoons. However, molecular studies indicate the giant panda is a true bear, part of the family Ursidae."
Glad to hear that, cuz I strongly agree
spoiler alert retards. when a play is that obvious, chances are its wrong especially over a weekend
Everytime we open red we finish green. Better open green and bleed.
you're not alone, play it cool, you can always make it back, learn to love water soup with salt and pepper.
Lmao mods banned digital ally ticker cause riots this week
This is the flattest futures I have ever seen.
Ppl never learn! In March whenever we had a red week the bounce ( even for a day or 2) was brutal.  So we could easily see a green dildo of 3 or 4% in the index
r/investing
Bet it on black twice.
My puts just got destroyed again by j pow. Hopefully some horrific news comes out to save my 3 spy puts lmao
Finally, welcome back retards, I've missed you and it feels good to see that we don't have the same outlook for today.
all depends on earnings
👏🏻 bears 👏🏻 fuk 👏🏻
I mean at least our presidential debates are less like the WWE
pain.
Imagine being a bear 🤣🤣
Europe about to take us to +1%?
it's called hedging.
EU to the 🚀 LMAO
This is the end. My bearish friends the end. Of all our precious puts the end.  Of the rona and lockdowns the end.
Can any bears give me reassurance
pain.
After FDR, there were 2 presidents that never supported gun control. One spoke out about the MIC, and the other got shot in the face.
[deleted]
Please clap
Futures ripping
[deleted]
[removed]
Well if ur a perma bull and just buy calls with semi decent timings, u make more money than you lose mistiming it (only in a bull market)
So for you non-Americans...what do you think of the upcoming election in the states?
Oh my God this market is fucking perfect. This is true kangaroo country, be safe y'all.
You better believe I’m buying more puts if we open green as hell
How did I speak to soon?

They did indeed go back to test 3277 after being rejected 5 times
[deleted]
Over 200 points away.
u/SolitaryEgg punching the air rn
[deleted]
You bears really thought you were geniuses for assuming we would tank in election week like every other retailer?
It's fun to watch Europoor, their politics are so dumb, no wonder they are poor
Their protecting the store from the disgruntled fomo-tards
[deleted]
[deleted]
The non-stop covid coverage is making people way more terrified than they need to be.
Short vega rekt again 😂😂😂
egg man in scrambles
Damn! 5AM ? Which part of Asia do you work with ?
They’re doing the same thing every shitbag silicon valley social media company is doing: making a huge show of punishing whatever is easy to detect so they can avoid/delay figuring out how to punish behaviors that are much more serious, but hard to automate against.

There’s an infinite number of ways a person could express intentions to physically harm others, or share child pornography, or any other genuinely horrible thing, so they’re not gonna bother addressing those problems.
Hahahaha quite frankly anyone can come up with any explanation as to why stocks go up or down
NET pls reverse this week. Pls don’t let these bears talking about a retracement to 39 be right
Bears: weekend dow blood red

Also bears: futures gonna limit down gap at open

Also bears: europoors gonna start the recession

Also bears: pikachuface.jpg
Lol bears
It’s 3am there just dead asleep
Open by red.
If this sub is any indicator, Robinhood accounts only have a couple bucks left though.
Ok now I feel better about selling my puts on Friday 😂
Or tinder
Bull trap, book it Vince
i nio a chiken quac burrito that can roll down the hill.
Red by open.
Glad I’m not the only one hearing this every day
🤦🏻‍♂️
chuckles, i’m in danger
Fuck me, perhaps I should have sold my puts on friday lol
Almost time to fomo back to being a bul bers
[deleted]
Americans am I right?
*bro its just money bro*
**circuit-breaks at .5%**
It something completely senseless nowadays. I work with Asia and believe me, I start working at 5am due to this crap during winters, so double fuck
/sssssssss
Bears in shambles. Bagholding worthless puts.
Guess puts aren't gonna print, rope boys
What

^^The

^^^^FUCK
Yup and then they fall to the ground since there’s no training wheels
crazy rich asian autist has entered the chat.
[deleted]
The only way for the IPO to be successful is if they promise to ruin all the best parts and amplify the worst parts.
If Nio gets to $100 EOY I’m going to hire an escort to smother me in Chipotle queso
Can they margin call your house?
now they're rippin' up...damn
No it isn’t in the UK, retard
Lmao spoke a little too soon
If you needed a sign to go to bed, this is it
How about you start scrolling through the page first...
Where's the Limit up circuit breaker wtf
Europe in lockdown which means massive rotation from Euro to US stocks. We in a bull market now.
scrambled eggs in brambles
Or finally find a place where you feel like you belong.
That's not TA. TA doesn't care about real world events, it only cares about past price and volume data.
Down to flat
So basically you people just switch the clocks ahead  on a random date ?

I tried googling but never understood why someone would do it
You earned the award. Now go fuck yourself
GME short squeeze starting this week?
I’ll be sure to remember your comment in my new Lamborghini.
Yep exactly. They are way closer to March lows than ATH. Unlike SPY
Guac is extra”
😂😂😂
Bold of you to assume I have faith in humanity after four years on the Trump Train.
Ding ding ding. They use this shit to scare the uneducated poor. We know better we use our relative and do laundry.
Yeah, i'm getting that feeling too... any idea of a better place to post this?
Nobody cares.
I am seeing green, but once again is the same pattern as last week. East wakes up green and then there will be a blood sea as sun rises upon West.

Bears will feast again
10 YR Treasury calls up almost 5,000% 
Beta Bear cucks are crying.
[deleted]
Yea, it sells at the strike price. Plus you pocket your premium you sold
Sure. Must be why i have sources and you have hearsay.
Finally kinda sorta breaking out of the range!
Kamala is Biden's VP...
[deleted]
Living in denial is fun.
Wide bid ask spread
Damn so many of you were depending on europoors to sell off. Gg
Well that’s your problem if you bought puts in a bull market
Daylight savings
you're trolling, right?
Ah yes the classic pump into Europe open. Like a kid on a bike you gotta push em in the right direction.
It's a relic of older times. It's still used today because there isn't enough momentum to change it, and other assortment of reasons (e.g. retail stores like it because more relative daytime=more shopping). But to most of us it's basically 1. We lose or gain an hour of sleep and 2. Morning is really dark or early sunset.
Fuck I forgot the first Monday of the new month is green like 90% of the time every time
le-triple-top
F
Tbh if you went long vol after last week you're fucked. Bears had their moment and either way funds will close out their hedges. 

be smart, kings
Apple premarket=$110 or higher
Biden’s campaign page is obvious extremely biased.
That's what I did for my oct 30 calls. Might just let these all get assigned and sell puts after.
I'm 100% sure this in the wrong sub.
Open green and ill add an unnecessary amount of Apple puts
Ahh fvck me! It's not looking good Bear club. Dammit!
You?
I rarely laugh at comments, if I could upvote twice I would
if I get assigned for a call but its ABOVE what I paid for the shares, I still make a profit yea?
Those are gone.
yes, this is evolution, getting up in the dark, scraping ice off your shitty car, working 12 hour shifts for next to nothing, driving home in the dark and watching your country turn into the USSR on the news
[deleted]
11 more minutes.
Yes it a well known secret. If you declare it as your primary residence with homestead no one can touch it. A lot of business owner that goes tits up will use the remaining cash fly down to Florida buy a house and declare bankruptcy. I think that wolf of Wall Street guy did it to.
All I heard is theta gang has sex.
Which is my reasoning for purchasing calls
Must be those ones they discovered [racists](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/twitter-fake-antifa-acount-white-supremacists-removal/) and [russians](https://sports.yahoo.com/atifa-website-one-america-chanel-rion-russia-004727528.html) ran.
[deleted]
this is the way
Bulls be like "we gotta go test ES 3277 for a sixth time because I found the first 5 times confusing."
Futures ripping
Futures pumping massively think I'm gonna be sick 😷
Mods
for green investing, look into either $LIG or $MA
Pray for a dip and buy it back
what is google?
What’s y’all opinion on UCO??
Shut up Asiarich
i want to know the answer to this as well
USA numbah one!
[deleted]
Gold is just as retarded as money though. Other than jewelry and miscellaneous electronics/ industrial applications it is pretty worthless. Only thing that gives it value is people are willing to give it value just like the dollar.
We collect the light in jars during the darker months otherwise we die
Guys get up with a clock and not the sun. Its the next evolution of humans.
I’m breaking in, can’t keep those burritos from me!!
Just buy calls and puts ez
lol bro I just checked the NIO read and it has hedges all the way up to 35. so you were fucked the moment you did that.
Sir this is a casino
U have 3300 shares?
bulls and bears both? theta delight
Roll them out to a later date and higher strike
[deleted]
This should be tagged NSFW. This is the bear porn I needed this morning.
Are stocks DOW usually down or up on Election Day historically?
It’s midnight they closed.
Woke up early for this shit lel
How are you guys playing dunkin?
Boo hoo
MY WRITE IN WAS JEROME POWELL.
[deleted]
Your not.... even if big investors aren’t completely pulling out, from all the research I’ve done, Saturday i already got all my stocks ready to sell Monday at open to buy the dip
Bers
[deleted]
Fuck this flat shit let’s get this market lookin like a 9 magnitude earthquake on a seismograph.
Okay seriously wtf is day light saving ? I live in Asia and have no idea why you guys randomly change market timings like this for us
Euro markets are open
Let me get Jeb's guac bowl
Missionary is hella underrated. Big difference in having nasty, chocking rough missionary sex and the Mormon missionary sex you’re probably envisioning.
I’m disgusted when I see poor people pay 20% interest on their card. I’m also disgusted when I see a friend had to do a payday loan at 10% for 2 fucking week because his car broke down. Fuck the bank bro.
Keep calm and vote kanye
Biden is for fracking and most dems are against a progressive green new deal. I don’t see renewables going to the moon.
[deleted]
ONE QUESTION WHO IN SHAMBLES???
I’m heading to Chipotle, do you guys nio anything?
Same, literally jerking off rn
Lol premarket isn’t open man
Dunkin going private @106.50 options chain off the charts
Fuck. Bout to lose a shitload of potential profit because I joined theta gang.  Sold 33x nio $32 covered calls for 11/20.
Don't use the hard "r" please
16 minutes till Europoors check in. They got me spooked
NIOvember!
Businessinsider
Can't dip further  if they haven't recovered
Just almost jumped for joy when I saw futures at +.07 only to be crushed when I saw it was just my browser and they were actually +.21. Devastating 😢

Is there any hope?
Lol the worst feeling is not even being on the wrong side from holding over night, it’s when you buy during the day and suffer -25%+ just to be theta fucked the next day. Debit spreads ftw
Fair enough. And puts are it being contested in any way?
Undateables was a series in the UK on C4
Gun stock would probably go up whoever wins
TTCF and UTZ would like a word
Damn it. I can’t decide between calls and puts without knowing that.
r/smallstreetbets
where do you see nio futures?
World runs on USA time bby. Daylight savings ended yesterday.
Yeah, but my profit will be capped at $35.

If Nio shoots above that before Friday I’m missing out on potential gains
*Takes notes intensely* 📝
[deleted]
Google
Who the fuck in england is buying?! I literally cannot imagine how you could hear a month lockdown and buy a value stock that hasn't dipped since the announcement
Must be - girls don’t shart
[deleted]
[deleted]
civil war priced in
It’s considered betting on a election running smoothly and having it decided Tuesday night.
It’s all open clocks went back in Europe last week retard
Where did you guys get the news on NIO deliveries?
Tomorrow expect to go back up (maybe)
I’m confused, I thought PM starts 40 mins ago?
Ruqqus says hi
Bears are trembling right now. Could their predictions of Civil War be wrong?
No one here knows. It’s all a fugazi
I sold 29$ covered calls, I’m fuk
Hold to expiry
why does it matter  if they're covered ? you profit still
They should merge this quarter. Maxed out during the EV pump around $13 and change. Below redemption now. Put your money here and see what happens. It’s going below $10 post merger. Long term it may do well, but why not bet on Ackman finding a solid target?
[removed]
[deleted]
I think it's pretty funny, and it draws awareness to super-fringe issues, which is nice.
omg NIO I'm gonna cum...
Yeah, reading up alot on Bill Ackman and his conduct historically has convinced me not to get his SPAC. I do like the concept of a SPAC though and want to find one I like.
dRuMpF HURR DURRR ORANGE MAN BAD
Bulls and bears were so busy shit-talking that they forgot about the real enemy: those weird theta fucks.
It’s the first fuckin day you simp
[deleted]
Reddit's IPO will be a massive failure and no amount of censorship can change that
So are spy calls considered betting on Donnie or Joe?
Yes
Says the autist who loaded up on puts at 3:59 PM last Friday.
Lockdown 2.0
Let’s just open at 300 and ATH by EOD
Entered AAWW on 10/19, it's been hell

AAWW 11/20C $70 currently -70.9%  
should be a fun ride into Wed afternoon
What's the APR
This comment brings me so much fucking relief. I was really scared that gay bears might take over again.
It didn't make me feel better. It made me feel bad.

Did you read my post bro
Entered AAWW on 10/19, it's been hell

AAWW 11/20C $70 currently -70.9%  
should be a fun ride into Wed afternoon
[deleted]
About to lose No Nut November. Let’s see if this affects the markets at all.
My amex platinum has no limit 👀
So your telling me this type of fuxkery checks out? Fuk it I’m in at open
[deleted]
I sold 31, am i fuked?
I'm wondering the same thing
[deleted]
What's the ticker for the best gun stock in America? Gonna buy up big, I am Australian not up on the gun culture thing since they have been banned here for 25 years or so. Okay thx👍🤗
I found some Google AMP links in your comment. Here are the normal links:

 - [https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/01/us/trump-biden-election](https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/01/us/trump-biden-election)

 Beep Boop, I'm a bot. If I made an error or if you have any questions, my [creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/6b86b3ac03c167320d93) might check my messages.  
 [Source Code](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot) | [Issues](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot/issues) | [FAQ](https://laurinneff.ch/2020/10/17/nogoogleampbot/)  
Why does this bot exist?  
Google does a lot of tracking, which many people don't want, so they use alternatives to their services. Using AMP, they can track you even more, and they might even replace ads with their own, stealing ad revenue from the site's owners. Since there's no consistent way of finding the original links from an AMP link, I made this bot which automatically does it for you.
They are just testing and trying to break upwards then keep getting rejected. But still not going down wtf
Also, https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/01/us/trump-biden-election.amp.html

Stealing ballots vs that. in response, trump says “In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong” on twitter, referencing the fbi investigating the bus incident people. 

Point is, you can point to a few individuals stealing ballots, but so can I. I’ve heard many stories recently of maga doing it. Both individual extremists do. 
But trump is systemically doing it in a way biden isn’t which is why Hillary said what she did. If Biden was also doing stuff like that I say the standard should be the same. Hilary prob doesn’t though. But I do, and Biden hasn’t needed to have that applied since he isn’t doing that systemic cheating
I understood what you were referencing, but it's not a useful indicator because the current VIX futures contract expires well after the election
[deleted]
[deleted]
Theta gang is the best except for last week
Yup VLDR makes more revenue than most the rest of the SPACs combined lol
**LUV2FUKMARRIEDMILFS** , kminder in **2 days** on [**2020-11-04 00:00:00Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-04 00:00:00Z&reminder_id=db576651ac214dac8d3d9fd5d0821a0e&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: What_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020#3**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020/gavovoi/?context=3)

> Hahah sure bud no they don’t

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-04T00%3A00%3A00%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjm90l6%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020%2Fgavovoi%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 3 reminders and maxed out 3 confirmation comments.

^(OP can )[^(**Set timezone, Update remind time, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-04 00:00:00Z&reminder_id=db576651ac214dac8d3d9fd5d0821a0e&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can use random remind time 1 to 30 days from now by typing `kminder surprise`. Cheers!



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
I got $37 expiring Friday.
User name does not check out 😂
Guns and ammo are still being bought at ridiculously high prices and rates. 9mm is over double the price it was at the beginning of the year, and 22LR is hard as hell to get. Your assumption that gun consumers are already over the panic buying and bulk buying phases is ridiculous. We're still in the middle of it. No idea if it affects stocks though at this point. The stocks might be too high already to go any higher even with panic.
Lol...
but i love missionary style... :/ and i like consistent gains with a hint of 0dte spy calls/puts
Futures Flat. RIP bulls lol.

I pray for another deadcat bounce to load up on PUTS. Lockdown #2 is coming. If you can stop the earth from spinning, maybe you can stop another lockdown.
Do you think Nio will stay under $35 by Friday or should I roll them out?
Lmao wtf
[deleted]
This guy fucks😎
lol it just took a giant dump when you said it
No options on those unfortunately.
😭😂😭😂😭😂😭😢
*(Puts go from +240% to +225%)*
I mean it’s pretty obvious I’m referencing futures but it’s ok, I’m sure your positions will make money tomorrow you can stop frantic posting all night
Thanks mate, so no Trading212 or XTB?
Enjoy those tendies, buy hookers and coke
Why is market still closed
Buy more?
Hahah sure bud no they don’t 

They get distracted 

Remind me Wednesday
Entered AAWW on 10/19, it's been hell

AAWW 11/20C $70 currently -70.9%  
should be a fun ride into Wed afternoon
I mean he didn't really write an application.

These are just simple GET request scripts from the Robinhood API using your own access token, which run on your own local machine, saving data locally to either JSON, etc.

There's no part in the code where data gets saved on a remote server of his. You could definitely do that and that would be malicious. I know this because obviously he shared the source code.

If this retard had wrote this in a compiled language (C++ for example), without providing the source code and  giving just the compiled program, then that would be a red flag because you don't know what the program is doing.

Even if he did give us a compiled program and the source code, I still wouldn't trust it. You should only trust something you can compile yourself by having access to the code.

Python is an interpreted language, which means there's a program (Python interpreter) which dynamically translates each line of code into machine code (0s and 1s) for your machine to execute, without needing to compile it yourself.

In his scripts, there's a python shell executable that allows you to choose which of these requests to execute.

The only way you can fuck this up is cloning the repository, opening a branch, hard coding in your token, and pushing it remotely.

But this is WSB, who knows how one might fuck this up.
Bears are devastated.
Autism in the streets, tendies in the sheets
Yes because I’m rich and not need to work 

I love to trigger incles
I thought it get announced at midnight?
Supreme Leader Jerome
Okay... I sold covered Nio calls.

$35 strike expiring Friday. What should I do?
GLHF sir!
25 mins till European blood bath. Book it
Bought 3k worth of calls Friday close. Lets gooooo
awww, geez rick...I think we open at 326
WSB calls on the CEO of SPY to step down immediately
It's more due to the ~~riots.~~ mostly peaceful protests. Civil unrest due to corona would only come from lockdowns that people get sick of and start rioting like we see in Europe. But America is beyond lockdowns in most of the country and if you're American you can just go to another state if you're sick of the lockdowns.
Kangbearbull
[deleted]
Its still coming. Just not tomorrow.
[deleted]
Bareback
imagine not buying NIO calls. LITERALLY free money
Wtf? People nowadays just abandon your partner like this?
Futures flat. Looks like retards from both sides that bought SPY FDs expiring today are getting fucked. Classic.
I said Monday morning, smh
They're only looking for a minority stake in a mature unicorn!
Someone hasn’t figured out options trading has nothing to do with direction 😭
Dude I literally posted a link to Biden’s campaign website, don’t refer me to politifact
NIO GANG ROLL CALL 

🚗🚙🚛🚕🚌🚗🚎🚐 

*TOOT*  *TOOT*
[deleted]
Guilty until Proven Innacunt
VXX is currently red/flat
Don't forget to buy low also, some retards in here sell really high to open positions and then buy even higher to close positions out
[deleted]
If you don’t buy calls on Monday then I don’t know what you guys are doing. It’s in a channel and it’s at  some sort of bottom. So it either dumps (which everyone expects) or jump up from here.
i was promised a rug pull
More like 20. Pump and dump stock
Bulls defending 3270 with their lives
[deleted]
Bears in shambles

Too bad the remaining bull gang survivors of septemBear got wiped out last week as well
And no because that isn’t a systemic action from an individual in power, the president doing it. Biden isn’t doing anything to rig it, random people are trashing democracy. Republican maga fanboys also do it. If Biden actually suppresses voting then yes the same standard should, but the examples you posted arnt of Biden doing it.
Nio trading at $57 in the Niger market
Do it then. The reddit generation ruined internet forums anyway its way too late. Why people wanted to use one fucking website is beyond me.
[deleted]
Ya it’s really cool and also interesting
We got to have a large correction so it would be safe to go long again u know that right ?
Yeah, I don't wanna divulge too much about my personal info, but I was  on a team that was expanding a pretty notable company across Europe.

70k gpb in Northern Ireland is solid. We werent paying locals that, even in England.

Nice work bro.
futures sort of flat--indeterminate.
A true patriot
No
no he wasnt. Im talking about a post he deleted, pins never broke out it actually dumped that hour lol
Some fun
Rh is many times richer than mr ackman. Never going to happen 🌚
If that’s how I answered your question yes, that is what I think.
Think so too
I found some Google AMP links in your comment. Here are the normal links:

 - [https://edition.cnn.com/2020/10/14/politics/california-republicans-ballot-drop-boxes-cease-and-desist/index.html](https://edition.cnn.com/2020/10/14/politics/california-republicans-ballot-drop-boxes-cease-and-desist/index.html)
- [https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/08/trump-admits-starving-usps-sabotage-voting-by-mail.html](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/08/trump-admits-starving-usps-sabotage-voting-by-mail.html)

 Beep Boop, I'm a bot. If I made an error or if you have any questions, my [creator](https://np.reddit.com/u/6b86b3ac03c167320d93) might check my messages.  
 [Source Code](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot) | [Issues](https://github.com/laurinneff/no-google-amp-bot/issues) | [FAQ](https://laurinneff.ch/2020/10/17/nogoogleampbot/)  
Why does this bot exist?  
Google does a lot of tracking, which many people don't want, so they use alternatives to their services. Using AMP, they can track you even more, and they might even replace ads with their own, stealing ad revenue from the site's owners. Since there's no consistent way of finding the original links from an AMP link, I made this bot which automatically does it for you.
[deleted]
now that...im into that.
[deleted]
dame rip dax
Actually Bump Stocks were banned because they only go up
You may rely on it
nothing
[deleted]
It’s feels like NIO is heading to $100 VERY SOON
do you guys like my reddit avatar
don’t act like you have sex you virgin
They've already done backtests on inversing Cramer. Of course it works well. Are you stupid?
think so?
Ah I see a bear is trying to manipulate me into dumping. Nice try.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Okay I’m going to bed. See you at 9:30 SPY will be below 325 and VXX will be above 27
Your equivalent in the US also gets fuck all Holiday and benefits, so it probably evens out. Plus he has to live in the US
[deleted]
True hero.
HCAC is dead money. Why would you go there? PSTH all the way
Psth is probably a better option
exactly... those models don't mean squat when reality creeps in...
I’ll vote for Elon monarchy.
Stonk sometimes goes down.
Already up 5%. go NIO, go!!!
This is the way
I’d try a bit of VLDR for its earnings... maybe? Yeah sorry for shilling... i dont have vldr but is a gucci company.
🌶️
Don't think anyone here can afford gold...
Oh yea I agree, i'm one of the lucky ones, I hear plenty of stories and a lot of Europe is just used as an outsourcing for cheap engineering labour.
Hahah what is this from?
Drop hard.
You didn’t hate money if you simply took the money out and stopped this shit
From someone who follows antifa chat subs. Riots are planned even if Biden wins. The far left don’t like Biden, but they like him more than trump so the riots won’t be amped up till after the election.
Fuck you theta cunts. If you're theta gang youre literally boring as fuck and only have sex missionary style
SugarDaddy . com link brought them here.
[deleted]
I think the rest of us are fine with them gone
I call that autism
[deleted]
Who cares bro

Youre acting like a kid who tattled on other students to make yourself feel less insecure about being left out
You found the Mormon
whats gonna happen with spy tomorrow boys
Lololol bears sweating.

Sincerely, a call bagholder.
Butt cancer
I hear ya, and that's awesome. I just literally felt like an asshole just waltzing into Europe and getting paid more than people who were my seniors.

American tech companies really abuse that cost of living thing in Europe. I mean it makes sense, but it feels wrong when they send Americans there and keep paying them their American salaries.
Ay yo I’ve been out here losing money for a couple years now. Nothing big, but consistently downward gains across multiple markets. 

Mods can I get some flair finally?
For the same reason the Biden win would affect gun sales: panic that there won't be a gun to buy tomorrow.
Biden literally tweeted today he would ban AR’s. And high capacity magazines, which is a total load of crap. What is considered high capacity? No thanks!
Ladies and gentleman, the GOAT
DXY up, SLV up, futures up, oil down...someone’s lying
Except you am I right you flappy clit sucker
This sub is dead
Not me. Ha ha ha. Steadily losing money since the trade war. I’m in this bitch kang
Stop lying
🍆💦🏳️‍🌈F A G G O T \~ Reddit admins big gay \~ F A G G O T 🏳️‍🌈💦🍆

u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez 

🍆💦🏳️‍🌈F A G G O T \~ Reddit admins big gay \~ F A G G O T 🏳️‍🌈💦🍆

u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez u/spez 

🍆💦🏳️‍🌈F A G G O T \~ Reddit admins big gay \~ F A G G O T 🏳️‍🌈💦🍆
[deleted]
But what does having $100k by 25 give you? You can't magically afford a Ferrari and 5 star hotel caviars if you had that much...
Like left vs right bs. My asshole will be sore in the morning either way
[deleted]
"Credit card that gives you airline points?"
Not upset, just stating the idiocy. and Texas would go blue for Obama before Biden. It will never go blue
good morning fellas, from Germany, looking forward to my AAPL 108P 11/6 printing today or tomorrow
https://www.politifact.com/article/2020/nov/01/does-joe-bidens-plan-tax-semi-automatic-firearms/
^Correct answer according to 2020 APUSH test key
$ANUS is stock 'o the day.
Nope
I kinda wanna get PSTH in the hopes Ackman would take Robinhood public.
Dorsey looks like the Unibomber.
That’s some fat little 🌈 🐻
Fair enough, but the same logic should apply for Trump with countless stolen ballots thus far. 

[here](https://www.click2houston.com/news/investigates/2020/10/29/two-ballots-among-stolen-mail-found-in-northwest-harris-county-dumpster/)

[here](https://www.desertsun.com/story/news/politics/elections/2020/10/09/deputies-investigating-stolen-mail-ballots-found-joshua-tree-twentynine-palms/5942763002/)

[here](https://www.wbrz.com/news/la-absentee-ballot-showing-vote-for-president-trump-found-stolen-opened-and-dumped-in-tx-trash/)

[here](https://www.newsnationnow.com/politics/2020-election/ballots-stolen-out-of-washington-mailboxes-garbage-bags-full-of-mail-found/)

[here](https://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/pair-accused-of-tampering-with-ballot-box-in-lighthouse-point/2313781/)

[and the countless more](https://www.google.com/search?q=stolen+ballots&oq=stolen+ballots&aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60l2j69i61.5883j0j4&client=ms-android-tmus-us-revc&sourceid=chrome-mobile&ie=UTF-8)
What businesses are boarding up in blue cities? Aside from businesses that have closed due to the pandemic, I've seen 0 businesses do this and I live downtown in a very blue city. I think you might be misinformed.
I'm betting on it
cats are nature's assholes tho
You should teach a Masterclass.  $499 to learn this wisdom.
Puts on murica
i'm making 70k GBP in Northern Ireland which is about 90k USD I think.

The vast majority of people will never make this amount of money and a beautiful 4 bedroom house is like 220k where I live. 

I do know that my equivalent in the US is probably on like 130k but its whatever, it works for me.
This sub is officially dead. Everyone has been wiped
Whatever makes you feel better 😘
We're starting a list... want in?
So many boating accidents I hear about this year 😔 the great boating accident of 2020.
So do I hate money if I didn’t buy puts or was to too obvious? This is the question that will be answered in a few days.
Kod ak still printing.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/jm9m0k/sigh_stealing_followed_by_a_lot_of_calling_this/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

he got fired for it 

What a stupid fuck

I hope I never take politics this serious and always remember neither side gives a fuck about poors 

Best way to be happy is not be a poors

Amazon and twitter calls
Looks like this bad boy may pull a summer 2020 tsla.
Probably priced in, wouldn't be the first time
[removed]
Another 10% day confirmed
[deleted]
There is. It’s a law that already exist, Biden wants to expand it to more guns other than automatics like it currently is: https://www.politifact.com/article/2020/nov/01/does-joe-bidens-plan-tax-semi-automatic-firearms/
Tbh 3.8m relative to stocks is still limp dick money
TSLA trading at $420 in frankfurt
Too bad Elon can’t just take over and be our benevolent dictator 🥺
Sex with your mistress that is approved by your wife.  What a great socialist life you lead.
You can crash in my cardboard box tonight if ya want.
[deleted]
Yeahhhh. Looks like my $SPY puts might print. Thanks for the solid DD.
did you need an american visa for that job?
Literally cannot go tits up
my house is 1.3% since instead of a mortgage I borrowed a ton of broker margin and bought house with cold hard cash.
Its actually nonstop nut november
Nio sets record delivery. We moving up!
brown
You need more leverage fam.
Partly Cloudy out my window.
probably the orange man
Interactive Brokers is by far the best.
As an American, I worked for an American tech company for years and was stationed in Europe for a long time. 


The Europeans got paid really sad salaries compared to the US employees. It honestly really upset me and I got into tons of arguments with senior management about it.

Anyway, cliffs are that Europeans are the cucks. But I actually did fight to uncuck you.
[removed]
Oil futures doesn’t look good. But that is the only thing bears have along with elections.
The market is up and down all the time if you're afraid of that shit you shouldn't even be playing.
NIO almost up 4%.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just one question where are you trading options as Europoor, cannot figure out the one with smaller fees
[deleted]
Let’s see what the ouija board says, green or red? 

Next comment goes first.
😂😂😂😂
You must be new here
Mines fucked up to
why does everyone under 25 feel the need to tell us their age? its like the goddamn vegans
Ban
Everyone is saying up or down
Youre thinking its in the middle now lmao??
[removed]
Ppt
**I am a bot and identified and tracked the following options picks within this post:**

|**Ticker**|**Strike**|**Type**|**Exp**|**Recorded Premium**|**Recorded Stock Price**|**OI**|**Volume**|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|**AMD**|**$100**|**BUY CALL**|**2020-12-18**|**$0.55**|**$75.29**|**5920**|**0**

[Realtime ROI](https://www.pickmojo.com/pick/ckh09w87x8uy90751i7qzt570) | [Track Record](https://www.pickmojo.com/user/vivi_casts_focus/) | [Bot Info](https://www.reddit.com/r/pickmojo/comments/he9ghu/options_picks_tracking_bot_information/) | Leaderboard: [Week](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-week-reddit), [Month](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/best-this-month-reddit), [All](https://www.pickmojo.com/stocks/top-reddit) | [Exit this position](https://www.pickmojo.com/reddit_redirect)

**^(*Recorded after market close, will be recorded at the next market open if the premium is within 10% margin. My owner is monitoring these posts, reply with feedback! You can now track comments by mentioning me!)**
Fuck homie those are some A+ visuals thank you for that. Someone should really write a Sci Fi book based around companies that led the 2020  tech bubble. Would be creepy to read in the future.
Who hurt you?
You just go cash gang when vix is up and buy the dip.

Never fails.
VIX doesn't update at 3am

Unless you think vix futures = vix in which case lmao
Trump as president has hired dozens of private prisons across the country for Camps. They in turn funnel money to trump. you are bringing up his prison reform which didn’t involve private prisons at all, unrelated.
Don’t get OLN, only 10% of their business is ammo. The stock is too high to justify that. Look at VSTO instead
[deleted]
Ok, but if it happens again like in 2016 when all the polls said Hillary had an impossible lead it will just sound like crying wolf again.
space force
Unless he passes gun reform
Yeah, Melania
Such a mixed bag of comments in here this morning. I guarantee EVERYONE Is wrong
Be european

Wake up, smoke cigarette on balcony

go to work for american software company paying an outrageous salary compared to my cost of living

check US futes all morning because fuck european stocks

watch my puts print when the US market opens

thanks for the money Americucks
Maybe you're not
Isn’t there fake melanias too?😂
Sir this a Wendy’s...
Yes.
Don’t listen to him bro. Sometimes the best move is not to make one
What you smoking kid?
kinda funny how hard weekend dow got cucked tbh
why everyone so bullish on 0.30 futures? we won't know till premarket at least
Flat my ass. Shrek dildos
You've literally been spamming right-wing propaganda on a stock sub all fucking night


Begone Russian bot
Tendies easy come easy go

All time high all time low
Reported.
He still massively supports private prisons and hires them and profits off them. Prison reform is not changing private prisons at all
[removed]
Sir, this is a motherfucking Wendy’s, not a Morton’s.
The one where plebs ride peletons at home under lockdown orders to power the elites Tesla’s
as in tuesday or monday?
VIX doesn't update at 3am tho


Unless you think vix futures = vix in which case lol
Futes surpasses everyone expectations and is now flat
Vix down dollar index and indices up really makes you think huh??? Once again people think they’re the smartest guys in the room making a move a week late are fucked (bears currently)
Dude how tf do you buy options on american companies using Degiro?
Then how am I responding here??
good luck getting a red dildo up yo ass
Spy 316 yolo
People went in too late and lost money, he was right though.
[deleted]
Have you tried the Windows?
He should not concede if trump blatantly tries to steal the election by throwing out millions of ballots mailed before Election Day that showed up after, or countless other ways. She is correct. 
She wasn’t saying don’t concede even if he loses
[deleted]
Bleep-bloop!
[deleted]
I’ll get back to you once my puts buy me Tesla
[deleted]
Apparently there are fake Kamalas running around.    
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/jmatuh/kamala_harris_body_double_at_palm_beach_polling/
Hopefully after this week I'll have enough points to unlock unlimited day trades
[deleted]
[deleted]
market is up and down like crazy, I suggest to take profit and run bois,

there will be a good entry to jump in all day.
Futures have now quadruple topped

Looking forward to the sextuple top. Because it says "sex" in it lmao
Well, guess in general stocks love to kick out a lot of payment receivers. However, Management seems to be suboptimal and in these weeks I cannot see bulls and bears at all. Everything is crazy. Happy to hear opinions from more experienced autists
I thought it was no nut november, FUCK
[removed]
hey pal, you wanna take this out back?
🤡🤡🤡
You bears thought the MMs would let you make money that easily?
What, Europe?
Just your internet unfortunately😢
Damn do you have to ruin every shit post
I use their market to make money and reinvest everything in my country inshallah
Never fails, always inverse these retards. Especially if their post history has any combo of r/politics r/atheism or anything video game or we’d related you can guarantee it’s just some 19 year old buying two contracts at a time in their $400 rh account
lol
The one where the Prime Minister of the UK fucks the pig? This one’s the Sequel. Now fucks a bear.
Survive today first, my 🥩
Well.. that sounds delicious.
Robinhood shill using Michael Jackson to rob the poor.
You're just figuring this out?
oh you didn’t know about the 4th branch of government?
They do now... bc of trump...
Oh man man man.... this is the most important zen wisdom. Take not your penis to a place you’ve walked out of...
They were fooled by the very real and not fake MSM.
I’ll be ready for when everyone FOMOs into calls 😈
Why is investing.com updating so slowly, is the market crashing or my internet???
Ah yes they had trillions pumping into the market back 87'

Yo! The VIX is almost an identical match to previous election years barring 2008. Don't be a 🌈🐻.
its actually 3 red weeks, if you recall
Oh so now that corona cases are going up, our calls are gonna keep printing? Lookin asss get a grip
Didn't ebay stop using PayPal in July?
I’m just a poor 🐻

I need no sympathy
I was temporarily banned for saying the other f word. I didn't know it was offensive.
is this bullish or bearish
Swallow your prides and sell your puts at open. Maybe you'll have enough to buy 1 call
futures Are slightly green, and gold and silver are green and oil is down......yeah.  Well, I guess the US is obv. opening green today.....
Why would I export bad data from one place to another?

What analysis can you possibly do with robinhood data? 

You're wasting your time doing this. Go smoke a blunt or play a round of cod. Anything more productive
These Russian bots straight out here
RIP VIX. Rest well sweet prince.
All Bullish comments get downvoted and bear comments upvoted. Guess what 80% of this sub is holding and guess what color futures are? Yep
gay
the mirror isn’t even black, it’s just reflecting blackness, if you don’t see it you ain’t black
Sounds like they would be just like you will be when Biden wins :)
Do you know how vix works? ...
Did you guys already fail No Puts November?
We trade inside the döner kebabs
“Bears are in shambles!!” “Bulls are in shambles!” “Bloody green!!” “Big red!!!” Every single daily thread ah. Nothing has moved more than half a percent, there must be more 13 years old on here than I thought. Or everyone here is actually half retarded, including myself for watching this shit.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
o na you're retarded
He didn’t steal it, he paid them a handful of pennies for it. They wanted a dollar but the volume wasn’t there, so they took it. Fair use.
🚀🚀
[deleted]
Haha let's chat wed
I trade /ES options. It's pretty similiar to SPY options except trade anytime and more fees
Someone want to wake my boy vix up. He ain’t moving at all.
[deleted]
super bullish
“Buy when there's autism in the streets, even if the autism is your own.”
Who says I’m gambling? I’m in the porn industry I’ll have you know. My specialty’s loss porn and I’m kinda famous because no-one gets fucked as hard as me
If people learn lessons the options won't even be profitable because everyone will buy it.

Don't bother, it's more expensive and less profitable. Basically burning money.

It's actually cheaper to not learn the lesson.
It's a fakeout noob
Time to find another platform.  (Sigh)
I bet a good portion on a pullback up today based on the advanced decliner potential fakeout Friday And increasing bearish sentiment

But the rest I transferred out of E*TRADE to keep myself from going full retard and losing it all, forcing myself to wait 6 days for funds to clear before I can be a degenerate again
Think that might be the bulls.
lets wait and see what happens, dikfuk
Good luck! It’s gonna give you way more data too play with that’s for sure. Godspeed
My VXX calls say yes please
We are, we are , we are, ..........
nah
They have good bike infrastructure and good air so they actually ride their bikes outside
Maybe if you go outside and get some real friends instead of your waifu pillow, you would see it’s actually real. 

Like, we’re are a special kind of retard if were in this sub. But damn you make us look brilliant.
[removed]
Your puts are fuk
L
That’s the most fucked part of the crash, thst WSB was dead on
I only know one person with a Peloton. To be honest, I don’t think we can afford it.
You’re being downvoted but you’re 100% right. Ammo sales are through the roof and it’s impossible to keep it stocked. The sporting goods store where I work had to impose a 2 box limit since people would buy us out on the daily. Even with that control though we sold out on Saturday and the distributor doesn’t have anymore to send us. Absolutely unprecedented times.
Good luck with that
Guess they cured the rona. Guess I'm not paying rent again this month.
European markets head for negative open amid U.S. election uncertainty --just another reason. The US market will crash ..... Get ready TIMBERRRRRRERR
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Pornhub calls
Holy shit bears r so fuk. Structurally we are still in the same bull market, America is America and Gyna is Gyna, but now we got infinite QE. Snowflakes or rednecks are for sure gonna cry and riot this week. That’s why I’m buying the dip because this correction is all because of uncertainty 😎💸💸
It’s not not bullish
They don’t know what they doing and keep averaging down.  Classic retardation. The worst is ppl with money, think they are smarter than average and end up with 60k in one option
But everyone tells me that's the point and if I lose money I can be part of the cool crowd and fit in.
Holy shit it’s gonna be red tomorrow
Power hour 0dte spy  puts?
shrekt
Thoughts on my SPXS $6 calls 11:20
BEARS IN COMPLETE DENIAL
.2%. Fuck off.
Are you on the spectrum too??
I don’t like this episode of black mirror
A Saint is not $2000. If someone is trying to sell that somebody is clueless in this transaction. You can get a new one for $1000. You can get a new one in .350 legend even for $1500 (and you’ll actually find ammo for that one)
Rip suckah!
If you think sitting in cash is a trade then you should just dollar cost average and forget options ever existed. Doing you a favor.
Can’t say shit til US open market.
TSCHINA
Someone should make an account where the only moves they can make are inversing Cramer. I'd be curious on the returns
Futures drilling now. Still green af
Is this the real life?
Sorry u mean Gyna?
that was on friday, mate.
check ginviz or investing.com for vix futures or wait another hour for the real thing
Stop stealing content bruh
is 1st monday of the month bullish?
idk why you guys are surprised it’ll be green today after having 4 red days last week.. people will buy expecting we hit bottom but it’ll continue downtrend before election tuesday so i suggest you all buy puts eod
Over here in Idaho, no one cares. Walk into the store, people sound like they’re actually dying and have the mask around their chin. 

I guess people in small towns just think it’s fake. There’s ~400 in my town and almost everyone has tested positive in the last month. Half the people here are farmers and say shit like “I ain’t scared of the China flu”. Like, dumbass, half your drivers are at home because they can’t breathe. 

But fuck me for wearing a mask everywhere and using hand sanitizer like a civilized person.
[deleted]
What's the studio called?
Not if you want to buy on the dip.
Has anyone actually checked if Europe has a market? 

I’ve never seen a picture or video of them. Is there a Juro Kramer equivalent?
Because you thought it would be red
You would've gotten absolutely rekt straight from March to September with that strategy
Have you tried their Nigerian or Indian help desk, very helpful people. They always call me when I don’t even knew I needed them. You may want to install Teamviewer already.
Begone bot
Speak for yourself and only yourself.

It's hilarious purple guy posts positions and then you do whatever you want.

You're buying weeklies let's get that straight.
https://investorplace.com/2020/10/wells-fargo-layoffs-what-to-know/
So many stupid shitposts. What are you trying to get out of this?
[deleted]
Alright I'll try to set that up, the annoying thing is it's a new thread every day but I can set it up I am sure.
Homelander has entered the chat
Play London Falling by the clash
*Shrek cock has entered the chat*
[deleted]
Hey guys. He's a retard he doesn't know Biden winning means gun stonks go up.
There goes my puts
love 2 see it
Always inverse wsb.

Thats why i am a bull.
I work at a store that also sells guns. We’ve nearly tripled our all time high this year (and we’re not even to Black Friday *shudders*). We’re seeing insane amounts of first-time gun buyers, because with everything that’s happened this year everybody is scared. 

Everyone but especially the elderly are scared of civil unrest

Minorities are scared of brown shirts

Republicans are scared of bans or confiscations

And on top of that an increase in natural disasters in the region have people really nervous about the future. And even that viral video of the mountain lion chasing the guy out of the canyon inspired a rash of people getting concealed carry permits and handguns.
Tell me something i don't already know
Like having your head bashed against the rocks by calming ocean waves
So basically “Stonks go up” -Schwab
[deleted]
No you're just a coward
Ffs you could milk this great programme for wsb memes
uk lockdown priced in
It doesn’t say “tax” because it’s propaganda. But it does say you’ll be forced to either sell your guns to the government or pay to register them under the NFA, I.e. a tax
[deleted]
TRUST CHINA
Ouch, just don’t put it in your asshole... 🌈 
🐻
Lockdowns guarantee things will get better, market pricing in the get better part and then pumps more when it actually get better. 

cd alltimehigh/REEopen.exe
Schwab sent me an email “explaining” volatility, the election and the market downturn. Basically trying to talk it’s investors off the ledge and prevent to further sell offs. They clearly think it’s gonna get worse and doesn’t want everyone dumping their positions
Just wait one more hour bulls. Just one more hour.
I drink your milkshake...I drink it all up...
Just go work behind your local Wendy’s for a few weeks. By my calculations you’ll only need to suck like 150-200 dicks to get 2k together
Hang in there bears, you'll get over this.
where u get this info
YEAH BUCKO!
Play London dumping by The Clash
Why
So he printed his way out. Don't reply me
Wow. You must've been terrified when you heard someone got hissed at.
Bitch is 80, she’ll be in hell soon enough
DAX gap up

Edit: DAX selling fast
Wtf happened why will it be green tomorrow
LOOOOL
Yes, looting and defense of the home etc.

Where I live at the beginning of coronatimes, law enforcement basically said we are on our own aside from violent encounters.

I'll try to dig it up...
Annnd the dump!
"Trump rally numbers are bigly" is the equivalent levels of cope as "i see bernie signs everywhere!"
[deleted]
What are you shorting this week?
[deleted]
[deleted]
😂 🤡 6ix9nine had many many more views than that. 6ix9ine for president!
Futures pumping massively.  Guess the rona is cured.
Before I go to bed every night I pray the pokemon card bubble bursts so I can laugh at all those fucking stupid tards spending thousands on them.
Economy has only recovered to 2/3 of pre-pandemic levels. 50% of the people who lost their jobs are still unemployed. A renewed lockdown is going to wipe out these gains.
You missed 12+ hours of people confident the market would crash. People are just feeling a little weird because we are trending up... Everyone here is bearish. Buy your puts.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/ramzataztaz don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Guys this is a trap beware

Edit: and here we go again 🙄
Crazy... Either way
Dax leading the way
it's everyday in this sub bro
Then why don’t you grow up, pull out, and buy the dip
DIDNT YOU WATCH WOLF OF WALL STREET?
I thought buls were fuk but turns out I was the one who was fuk all along
Im in US
EU opening in 2 mins
But the gun stocks either way
shes worth 200mil and works to "serve the people" on a 150k a year
That’s nkla
Lmao UK pump you can’t make this shit up
Are you in Norway?
Told myself that I was going to buy puts at open tomorrow but wanted to check to see the sentiment in this sub before I did ...

And yup.  I can't believe how confident this sub is right now after the last week lol
Fake pump to get the retards buying for MMs to unload their positions heading into election
Go choke on a dick. BULLGANG4LYFE
Billie Joe Armstrong in,"The Last Green Day of yourrrrrr life,"
Bulls are celebrating while bears are in shambles
F....U.....K.....T
Bears in shambles?
Last Friday
I can't believe I'm saying this but if not for China, Vietnam, and a large majority of Indochina shutting this virus down in their home countries the financial markets would be an absolute bloodbath right now
I think you forget. 
Bulls and bears have their days, but pigs are made of bacon and we must eat all the bacon.
He's entertaining whether you love or hate him. Not to mention that his supporters act like they're part of a cult or religion.
[deleted]
Seeing the general sentiment change from bullish to bearish back to bullish all in one night is amazing
Old hag needs to retire. She had one job
Holy fuk these futures are green af
Going cash
Explainplz
Interesting, what do we have here in US and in Canada (I am in Canada).
Oops. I see. Not use to that on reddit. Good man. Hope all is good with you sorry about your accident.
Yup that’s where the meat is at
All I'm saying is that an unexpected uptick in rona cases from Halloween parties might not be priced in
Literally Gates
TPX announced a 4-1 split
DAX with the mega green dildos
Sounds like you’re a simp. Drop that hoe
Sold everything in September and sitting cash gang. When should I get in?
Lol is this for real?  Anyone else able to chime in?
We didnt get stimulated because cramer called nancy crazy to her face. She wasn't going to let that shit slide.
Does Dax not observe DST?
Holding puts?
You stole this from penny stocks hahah
The comments on there? I can try to set that up.
You mean Jussie Smolett or some shit

Yeah he faked it and I think he's in jail
\*facepalm\*

the joke is that i'd swoop in to pick up bargains from other collectors who'd be looking to liquidate theirs

i lost all my collection in a tragic boating accident, glow boy.
JPOW’s the hero we need but don’t deserve
Our economy is so fucked
Bullish as fuk
That’s not autism, that’s fetal alcohol syndrome
We gonna break out the range finally?
thanks Frank
Futures are pumping massively. Blood green day tomorrow.
Yes !!! She was ready to let that dude pay child support and take care of that child 

Knowing it was not his after fucken his fat friend hahaha 

Good for the dude that did all the DD and got the lawyer involved 

Look how she begs him after sorry , she knows he has the good job and that she just lost it all cheating
[deleted]
**LUV2FUKMARRIEDMILFS** , kminder in **2 days** on [**2020-11-04 00:00:00Z**](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-04 00:00:00Z&reminder_id=efbb18cf977d440cba9524072ab5d26f&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

> [**r/wallstreetbets: What_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020#2**](/r/wallstreetbets/comments/jm90l6/what_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020/gavmiar/?context=3)

>  Sure bud ... sure remind me Wednesday 

U have to much of a bias to think clearly 

It’s ok bro u...

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder%20from%20Link&message=your_message%0Akminder%202020-11-04T00%3A00%3A00%0A%0A%0A%0A---Server%20settings%20below.%20Do%20not%20change---%0A%0Apermalink%21%20%2Fr%2Fwallstreetbets%2Fcomments%2Fjm90l6%2Fwhat_are_your_moves_tomorrow_november_02_2020%2Fgavmiar%2F) to also be reminded. Thread has 2 reminders.

^(OP can )[^(**Set timezone, Update message, and more options here**)](https://www.reminddit.com/time?dt=2020-11-04 00:00:00Z&reminder_id=efbb18cf977d440cba9524072ab5d26f&subreddit=wallstreetbets)

**Protip!** You can use the same reminderbot by email by sending email to bot @ bot.reminddit.com.



*****

[**Reminddit**](https://www.reminddit.com) · [Create Reminder](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=Reminder&message=your_message%0A%0Akminder%20time_or_time_from_now) · [Your Reminders](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=remindditbot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=listReminders%21) · [Donate](https://paypal.me/reminddit)
What ever happened to that Juicy Smooyay guy? Did those 2 Nigerian bodybuilders ever face justice for their hate crime?
Damn DAX with the move
my wife said if those number aren't green this week, she's leaving.  Help
Smart man
Clean your toilet and call another one
that 2 months is gonna have some epic twitter rants
In real life her name was Bobby Fisher
Sure bud ... sure remind me Wednesday 

U have to much of a bias to think clearly 

It’s ok bro u are free to like who u want
[deleted]
ITS NOT THE SAME SCENARIO U FKING RETARDS. LEARN TA FFS
I did like 5 hours ago and I took a nap right after lolol
A kentucky yard sale psychic told me that it will be contested
I knew it
Well damn can’t argue that
You need to call bill gates if you want tocall Microsoft. It all goes through him
Just woke up to check the algo 🤡market and all I can do is lol. Back to sleep I go
In 10 minutes they will 😎
Are you talking about my life? Should I give up? Jk that’s for pussiessss
Another dick came through that’s why. I suggest you do the same
This is the gayest market ever
no those numbers matter, they will buy my drugs
FeBeary oh shit shit shit
Ban
Let’s get this done
wow. that dude just owned her dirty ass. I love watching real and raw emotion.
JanuaBear oh shit
Green all day
And how much were houses and cars?
This is some good DD here folks
Plus a dividend
success is preceded by failure, sure, but when there’s only failure and no time left for success, like the game is over and the only option is to start a new “game” or just give up, what keeps some people going? delusion? denial? stupidity? ignorance?
The call is hard to do because you need to time it correctly. You need to call when the stock is low, and put when it's high.

It's clearly an issue with you're timing, that's all.
Hey so whatever happens this week just remember it’s only money and you are loved. Bulls, bears, we’re all humans in the end and I care about all of you. Love yourself and if you take a loss (cough cough bulls this week and past weeks) don’t fret. It’s numbers on a screen :)
We be waxing!
F
Lots of people voting against him. It’s all about him this round but it doesn’t means he win
Jack “Twitter does not influence elections” Dorsey
Wells Fargo layoffs incoming
Should have sold AMD $70 puts on Friday...ugh
forget her for a while. find other chicks
[deleted]
AFIB
Trump lmao
Oh don’t you worry they did
I know.
Bought this baby. Straight cash.
I can’t I’m in quarantine rn
I dont have Mango in my country: can you send me?
Capping off? We got a whole 2 months left lol. I'm optimistic for one more bout of fuckery after this
it's sad but she will forever remain hot now
I think Intel has an R&D budget that Nvidia or AMD doesn't come near. They've had a rough year but even if they have to start outsourcing their manufactiring(like AMD) they'll get their technology back to superior levels. They've also made several acquisitions for new, high-tech, fast growing fields of chips. FPGA's with Altera, and several AI and AI enhancing type acquisitions. I believe they will regain their technological advantage in the next few years and have fast growing revenue in new fields of chip technology.
Buying vxx at open
They should've printed Friday, unless you bought at the bottom like a retard
Me to 

I don’t care about any 

But man the number is massive 

If your willing to wait for mango in the Freezeing cold as his RALLYS... your def gonna go out to vote.

Young people in TIK tok don’t fucken vote 

They don’t bro
pretty tasty fruit
Jerk off

Edit: JK Don’t do it. Its NNN
If you didn’t get calls on Friday, you ain’t black
Booty call has rescheduled twice in a row smh. If this hoe makes me clean my toilet again Imma be pissed.
Can't my LLC purchase assets though?
- Bruce Lee. Nice 👍
People should be banned for saying mooning or crashing if the movement is less than 1%. We don’t need that kind of autism.
That's cause u gay
No, those would be Theta.
Perma kang
do u really believe that or have u been watching to much one sided media

Then again it’s not your choice 

U believe what ever social media algos want u to 


U don’t when a choice buddy
Tesla as well. They’re the only ones really trying to make it so you don’t really own your car.
will my snap puts print?
True.
The result is irrelevant to the market as long as there’s a clear one.
[deleted]
I think that with the current state of things, guns are a strong bet either way
the cope is strong tonight
Damn u really must be autistic, whats your positions 10/10 200 AMC?
I literally wanted to write about the same thing today. This bull vs. bear nonsense is funny as a meme, but if you live this shit, you’re a mfkn idiot. When stonks go up, I’m a bull, when shit goes south, I’m as gay a bear as the other guy. Objective is to adapt to circumstances and make money, not tag yourself as part of some imaginary team.
Its a complete different scenario. 
And We already Held 3225 ish btw which is a Higher Low
Not shocked, just disappointed
I'm handsome, sir.
Told myself I’d wake up in 4 hours to workout but idek if I can fall asleep at all
Permared
Thinking about what's gonna happen to my RH portfolio. its already down 8k
Hard to believe we’re capping off this shit-show of a year with a Presidential election.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/jmgair/its_a_baby_shower_and_the_father_brings_lawyer/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

BEST VIDEO EVER 
I wonder how many more of ya are taken care of kids that are not yours 

Woman are ruthless man
You stole this 

https://www.reddit.com/r/pennystocks/comments/jm8095/a_lotta_people_in_this_sub_tho/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
STOP SCROLLING GO TO SLEEP DUMMY FUTURES NEVER MATTER ✨
you cant be bear with stocks (unless you got shit done of liquidity). I live outside of US, so no options gambling
Amazing
Is predictit legit? I've heard of them but not sure I'd trust them with my money
[removed]
Who’s CAT in this analogy?
Because he has a dedicated fanbase. It’s like some shitty indie band getting sold out concerts, but outside of the base’s bubble they have zero appeal.
Sadly theta gang is gonna win until Tuesday night
ABRA-KA-DA-BRA! Red by Open! POOF!
Sir, this is a Tesla showroom. You don't have enough.
People watch them even if they’re not voting for him.
4 upvotes with VIX being red and futures being green? Lol
You realize that we wont know whos President yet on tuesday right?
You can search there for other stocks as well. Tesla is up 0.84%
Calls at some point today
Good daddy
Ya’ll are fucking dumb.. but you’re aight
[removed]
Nonsensical pol comment.
Corona are you okay
The fans will spin until shit starts hitting them
head to desk, repeat
All
What is Mango?
Let’s go !
Karma bitch
Eurobores
[deleted]
No it's not free money, but those lines are way off considering the polling. Most polls are indicating a 90% chance of a Biden win (which would be a -900 betting line), while the -190 odds represent a 65% implied probability. Definitely value in there if you believe the polling, although we all know polling isn't always accurate. 

But I think I may have found some actual "free money" based on an arbitrage opportunity. I'm drunk so bear with me and please correct me if I'm wrong. Bovada is currently offering this line: 

**Will The Winner Of The Popular Vote Also Win The Electoral College?** 

**Yes: -350**

**No: +245**

While I think there is a chance Trump wins the election, I think there is next to zero chance he wins the popular vote. That means you can basically get Trump to win the election at +245. If you can take Trump to win the election at +245, and Biden to win the election at -190, you can arb for literal free money. The only way you don't win is if Trump wins the electoral college *and* the popular vote. Here is the math:

**Bet $1900 on Biden to win at -190. Risking $1900 to win $1000**

**Bet $840.58 on NO (Winner of PV also win EC?) at +245. Risking 840.58 to win $2900**

**Total risk: $2740.58**

**Biden wins (EC): You profit $159.42**

**Trump wins (EC but not PV): You win $159.42**

&#x200B;

Thoughts?
I think Biden win (at least in short term) is > virus worries and anything other negative. 

If Trump wins. Last time around markets rallied on this news, this time around, if he wins again, puts will be the right move.
so you're saying the result is irrelevant?
Tesla is gonna be the John Deere of consumer cars.
[removed]
Same
LIMIT DOWN AT OPEN
[deleted]
Something bears don't realize, crashes happen when there's a huge surprise. No one is surprised that an election is happening this week, it's been known for quite a while.
[deleted]
Too many people think we go up or down. Flat tomorrow. Going to sleep. Good luck.
The trading itself isn’t complicated. Less complicated than options, actually. The only reason I don’t is because I’m too retarded to learn how to use a new platform. Actually opened a Ninjatrader account to trade micro futures because their fees are low, but I’m too used to Thinkorswim.
Thanks man 🙏
I think the musical chair game will end sooner that we all expect. The smart people stealing all our money have the future modeled out.
satire right?
It's been a minute since I've pooped in a public restroom
Why on earth will you bet on Twitter risking all to the wannabe Rasputin emotions

&#x200B;

EDIT: good dad.
Okay dude
So what’s the deal with LLIT
[deleted]
If trump loses there will be a jump from people panic buying armaments dude
Kinda? 

I mean I'm sure thats not it, but I can't understand why you would specifically want a gun to deal with a pandemic. Defend your TP hoard maybe?
I will be as soon as it finishes consolidating. My estimate is that it will go to 28,5$, then jump again dec. EOY should be 38-40$.
[deleted]
https://www.ls-tc.de/de/etf/56642
[removed]
You should scrape the daily feeds too. GG
My thoughts exactly.
We're all buying weekly options you doof
Why is that?
I'm upvoting you guys but I'm absolutely disgusted the system actually "works" like this
Rip bears 🐻
wheres the proposed tax on guns? I read the link but theres literally nothing about that
You understand its predicted to drag on for weeks until they count all the mail-ins right?
I'm gonna go make some tea just in case
Priced in.
lmao yeah
Guns are already taxed so sick take.
I think UKpoors aim for a cup of tea gains per day. Buy in some positions and when have made enough gains to buy a cup of tea, sell all their positions and leave americhads bagholding
[deleted]
Bruh futures are for the rich people. It takes away money if you don't have that critical mass
Riots happened during Obama
you can still learn
[removed]
there is no Biden gun tax
[deleted]
I am literally starting to get goose bumps..rn
Lets downvote to oblivion to this karma whooorrring bitccchhhh.
https://external-preview.redd.it/OwkixvFitIdIkwltw2JFO9gPgXiOuG8IkfUPe4LPwno.jpg?width=994&auto=webp&s=023b938e1df8cac83f0002c0506a108bf37e663d
So this is the equivalent of mooning for theta gang right?
Your paper money won’t be of any help in a post-apocalyptic mad max world though.
Falling asleep is just gambling that you'll wake up.
Y
Man, good luck with that. I wouldn’t bother, personally.
No point for me to own a gun if you own all the stocks.
*taps dick head*
[deleted]
Wish I was less stupid and learnt how to trade futures. These rich people create all their hedges in futures and when retail comes at 6:30, everything gets dumped on us
Ah I finally understand how this shit works. It only goes in my direction when I give up hope!
This post is just a tard wanting to see more loss porn
Same happens almost every Sunday. Futures open red and then steadily climbs into the green. Yet bears are shocked. Of course, we could still sell off once regular trading hours open.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sorry got confused.
Mods are gay
[removed]
i don’t know what that means
Lucky, I have a bed time and only 30 minutes of cartoons a day.
The people that come onto bloomberg TV are so fucking 'soy'
yes of course
Buddy just got a 30k car Loan today.
One of the best
100% this is happening.
I think by monday mid day we should see some moves being made big time. Watch them buys and sells
On one hand,  sure.  On the other.. futures traders would bid this up to 3400 if they thought other traders would play along.  Just to have it dump the second retail buys in normal trading hours.
Europe is green
Coke
My ass got lubed night & slippery last week
[removed]
Eurochads buying?
Lockdowns 100%. In Europe lockdowns usually limit people to 1-2km from home.
LOL too funny... I laughed.... This will help me cope with what's about to happen to my RH portfolio this week..
Shit, that raises her restless soul from the afterlife.
Got damn these Europeans always selling 

They make .02 cents profit and call it a day by liquidating everything
[removed]
Lol
Praise yeezus
hurrhurr
When he jumped in the truck I came a little
Europe does not concern us. The elections are about to be priced in.
$100 leaps I’m in
literally the worst.
Actually one of the best comments on this post.
Why wont it?
>You know the market’s in bad shape when Schwab sends you a “calm your tits” email at one in the goddamn morning.

haha i got that too.
ETFs are being shorted to the highest levels in 5 years. So you don’t need any layers. Just look at the data. Market is going up after the election as the hedges unwind. No matter what. Could still go lower afterwards but it’s going to bounce.
Flies
We are all green look at futures now 

And then at my cock pic in your moms iPhone 📲
Cool I lose money with degiro too
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dame I have a strong steam when I pee 

That’s a sign of a alpha 

men don’t ya hate when you pee and it comes out in two streams 

Bruh wtf
[deleted]
Care to compare them against every administration prior to his?

Also there's a fuck ton more grifting going on in Republican led infrastructure plans, I can guarantee you that shit. Look at the Puerto Rico contract shit, and the "wall" contracts, he's basically funneling federal money to his buddies for kick backs all over the place, that's why his infrastructure plans haven't helped the lower and middle classes nearly at all.
Sir, this is the...
He has a $2300 robinhood account
Ah fuck it's refusing to go down
Idk why my heart beats very fast.
Hahahah “ strong stream “ hahahahaha the fuck dude
Praise god
[deleted]
No
limited down before open.
This guy riches
Grow yur own
Europe is selling in the pre-market 🥰

🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸

Bulls get pack in pen, it’s time for a slaughter
Rip 

But yeah, you’ve been fapping...
Nice analcyst
[deleted]
That's whats we professionals in the business call a reverse camel toe. Only one way from there...
So is everything else in the stock market
Like rich rich bruh
Na I have my algos at work 😘😏
or you can just ask for easy ice
Yup.

Have you been jacking off to a dead person?
So far today it seems the dollar has declined together with US futures. It can only be US election week. Stay safe out there everyone. Sometimes the wisest play is not to...

Oh, who am I kidding. Go nuts out there. Just make sure you post the screenshots.
I mean yeah, but without the stuttering
Yes but I think it'll be more than offset by the increased turnout by blacks and Hispanics over 2016. Texas is insane right now with their turnout and Hispanics who didn't vote last time are a big reason why, even if a slightly bigger percentage vote for Trump than 2016 Biden will still run it up on the sheer volume
lumping?
Futures are literally just gambling on what other traders will buy at in the next second,  minute,  hour.
Fuck 🤔🤔 good point
[deleted]
To die in the burning economy of the US as I watch my stocks and options eat themselves starting with the ass.
Texas. I love you. Do the right thing and end this thing quick so we can go green again.
damn. had no idea august ames died in 2017
Robbin Hands did the same a few days ago
[deleted]
ah i knew that
Idk man, but judging from this guys posts he is 100% all the time. So trust him.
400 spy , he would make America Christian Again
*White Castle
futs umping
Do you know what month it is?
How do you guys think the market will react when Yeezy wins
You know the market’s in bad shape when Schwab sends you a “calm your tits” email at one in the goddamn morning.
Biontech pushing up premarket. Vaccine news incoming?
[removed]
hes like... rich rich
Asia the safe heaven
Already had it in March
[removed]
Wtf I went to bed last night and futes were down 1%
BAN
Three can’t be a bear market if there is cash to buy dips
and you listened
Always inverse wsb
Thank you both. I don’t see either of these having apps. Am I wrong or is there an app where I can trade politics?
try some almond milk
iv is like 200% lmao
3300 by EuroPelosi open
Biden will tax the fk out of you , you should be rooting for big Orange
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dumps that happen by surprise means you probably have symptoms of a virus infection or you ate at Del Taco
This is WSB, not a sub that understands how markets work.
*when
If you can call that living
Inverse whatever we think is going to happen apparently
Long nov VIX futures.
no, it wasn't.
It's a difference between realized and unrealized loss
Hahahaha you clearly don’t know what’s coming tomorrow
[deleted]
How rich are you? Curious
[deleted]
Is that a serious question?
Shambles
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RDDFT the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> candy ass-charade

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
I think the universe is telling you to get a dog, not puts
Ffs retards never learn: DUMPS HAPPEN BY SURPRISE 

I can imagine the pikachu faces when it pumps and retards have to cover so it pumps more
lmao...wtf is this candy-ass charade of a market? Let's talk after cash open.
In b4 dems downvote you due to their insecurity of knowing Biden won’t win
Buying RUN calls at open
that’s a huge dildo bears got rejected
omg I’m bout to busssst
B-bulls get b-back in your expensive penthouses.. we will drop at least 2% b-before any stimmy. D-delusional bulls!!!1
might be autistic but im going 11/6 $300p spy at open
I love how all y’all are talking smart bout delta hedging with the gamma buttplugs and shit but your all-times still be hella fucked up
[deleted]
Lmao I only found out after losing half of my account
Wait nvm lol
I've heard on bets going sideways, but that's ridiculous!
Tech will continue to decline. Futures are useless for tech. Tech is so overvalued it will fall so hard.
You’re gonna be fine bro. 

Any reason u sold puts instead of buying calls?
[removed]
Yeah you might wanna roll those bad puppies out.
mArKeT iSnT pRoPpEd Up
If everyone inverses WSB then isnt that still what everyone is doing? Now me personally I inverse the inverse so I'm actually not going with the pack but I'm still listening to everything this subreddit says for my daily trades.
Ahem. Just going to leave this here. https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2020-election/hillary-clinton-says-biden-should-not-concede-2020-election-under-n1238156
Fuck yeah
Bro these bulls are actually retarded
Let’s go solar
💀💀💀
Because you are gay and were taking a dump after you douched for your bottoming later tonight.
Too far bro
Do it and make money, always inverse WSB
Agree with second part.
I read it twice just in case the spell didn’t work properly the 1st time
🤡
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not till late 2021 lol
On 0.10% range
Hmm... Both bulls and bears are talking shit at the same time. Does this mean futures are flat?

Edit: yep
Lol remind yourself of your own  comment.
NIO is coming to my birthday party
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hot potato. When enough big money guys decides they want to GTFO at the same time it will crash it.
There’s a WARRRR coming Ned
[deleted]
Here’s free money. Uber puts. There’s no way California prop 22 will pass
😫💦
[Your turn](https://tenor.com/s2z9.gif)
ur so fucking cute
Thank fuck I sold a bunch of UVXY puts.
There is already riots nationwide. Fyi.
I feel like 90% of people just go into stocks blind relying on e trade robinood yahoo finance etc... nobody reads books, studies past market anymore or learns charts or has patience. Patience honestly is the BEST gainer in the market. Even penny stocks, some penny stocks people jump in and out to late and too early or when they shouldn't jump in at all. Its kinda sad. Be patient people.
[deleted]
Hell yeah. Finally
[deleted]
I loved it. thought need more women tv shows!
remindme! 3 weeks
Just go Rob the bank your parents work at
Thing is with china it can go both ways. Its all artificial. Either it makes you millions or they fuck you over in the ass with their stupid ass tight control
Make a chart for the next week or two then. This is sus
We priced in stimmy no stimmy stimmy no stimmy.....


I think market is in its fuck this shit mode
Lower Highs and lower lows. Love to see it
[deleted]
🌈
You should be a politician (of the old kind). You managed not to offend either side.
Remember “bears get back in your caves”?

Its the opposite vibe now “bulls get back in your pens”
You’re right. First thing in the morning I’m gonna seek out a sex addiction support group! Thank you dude
China shutdown its west side. If it isn't contained East Side shutdon again!
Cause when they're wrong I lose money and get nothing. When the sells are wrong I lose money but get shares.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah...I'm thinking at least 4-5 deltas by tues. mmmm.... you like that, bad-boy?
Name checks out
instead of just taking the ice out of my iced coffee to save it for later i froze it solid 😎 

we are not the same
Verdant green again!
2 more days till we get the SHILLS outta here

No more of this political BULL SHIT
yall so mad. chill out. smoke a doobie
Your Reddit birthday
If Ford didn’t have so much debt I’d like them more. That being said I used some spare bucks to buy F $12 2023 leaps. I think ford is on the cusp of a turn around.
Dorsey’s a fucking prick.
God bless WSB.
DAX be like: woohooo sell!!

Are we pricing in no stimmy at this point? Shouldnt markets be forward looking
Not at all lmao
Are people really panic buying guns to deal with 'rona? Are they going to try and shoot the virus?
What are you thinking? 360-370?
Everyone should be in NIO.
Holy shit bro
RemindMe! 1 week
If that happens USA credit rating will be demoted and shot will really hit the FAn
ok
And your call will loose 100% by noon.
Chinese consumers are preferring to own chinese brands.
If you were, you'd never gamble with your money and you'd have a lot more of it than 5500.
Lol I only buy options to scalp. I don't have any long calls other than a couple 2023 leaps. If we're red I'll sell puts, if we're green I'll sell calls. And if it's tanking or mooning I'll but puts or calls and sell them before the end of the day. But thanks for the great rebuttal mate
"Futures even as traders just can't even."
yes 😔
Always nice to meet a fellow boating enthusiast.
why did you delete that pins post of 'breakout in an hour'. gotta keep your Ls up too otherwise you aint different then any of these other dudes
Your puts are about to lose half their value within an hour of market open.
You’d be much cooler if you weren’t on Reddit talking about how you’re in love with a married whore.
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [The Killers - My Own Soul’s ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4go_DzY8wHc) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4go_DzY8wHc)⠀►►⠀ 3:03 / 4:35 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
keep talking, i’m almost done 🥴
I think Jerome Powell should be made King of America and we should just do away with this democracy crap.
This is the start of the crash. Come back to this comment in a week
Germany is open. UK is no longer part of the EU
youre to late, my gun stock doubled and i already got out. by the time you know its to late
[deleted]
lol to who exactly?😂😂
I can’t stand that prick.
Alexa, play My Own Souls Warning by the Killers
lol retard
Started liking him a lot for his vlogs & then he started DMing me on Twitter & then I managed to get his phone number so now I love him
Sir i am Jewish
It’s not recursive. Don’t overthink it.
90% of these mongoloids are balls deep in UVXY 80C and SPY 270P that expire tomorrow.
U might have something that doesn’t update real time. Wait till 1am pst
I wish you were wrong
This week will be a true story.
I'd wait a month or two, worst case you miss out on a few % gain which ain't shit with 5k, but you could invest now and watch it dip bigly
The culture was so much more optimistic in those days.
look at the 2hr chart. we are dropping by several deltas...
spy 345 eod
you like the dividend?
Sir, this is a casino.
Push notification from yahoo finance:

"Futures stuck at 0.00% as traders just can't even anymore"
Damn Lexi, why you obsessed with David Dobrik? lmao
this sub is like 50% poor /r/thedonald shills
[deleted]
100% going down. Puts on SPY at open fellow Patriots! Diamond hand till weds!
Can you moon someone to reverse the effect?
Uhh sure. No riots though. He'll probably send some angry tweets and that'll be it.
I am Bull and I approve this message
Can you moon someone to reverse the effect?
Remmeber how UPS calls seemed so obvious last week?
So the market has dropped almost 10% in October.

Meanwhile people are fighting over a +- 0.2% change in futures over the last hours. Crazy!
Germany is premarket now. Trading floor open.
[removed]
You're right, long 100 shares short the call, I misunderstood.

Its like gambling except that I'm covered and willing to wait. Obviously I do my best to sell options at ideal times so my puts expire worthless, but if they dont there's no worry
All I can say is if Nio doesn’t sell their cars in /to the US then the stock will keep going and then crash in 5-9 months because the Chinese that can afford a Nio wouldn’t be caught dead in one.. social capital values are a legit thing here/there
this aged well
MMs definitely sold a shit ass ton of puts expiring this week.
I was just curious. So many people misinterpret the word “semi-automatic” and think it means automatic, which is one thing that really bothers me about the whole thing. Also, in response to your point earlier about gun bans in other countries, from what I understand their gun violence decreases but then other violent crimes like stabbings climb. Unfortunately in America, violence is so ingrained in our culture, I feel like this would be the case here also. Either way, I respect your views on the issue.
Make baba print and i’ll join the ccp 🥳🥳
Exactly this but you are talking to people whom lack common sense.
The amount of retards here.. EU opens in 45mins
You’re a loser.
How is the end of that retarded EOD pump where we decide to stick around? I dont trust this there’s gonna be a big move before cash open.
Businessinsider
Cash*ing in their tendies u mean
Are you in nio
I see VIX red rn
Squeeze by open
Same here. Occasionally a couple of shares of $SQQQ or $VXX, but pretty much either all in or all cash for me.
You from the future? Biff or Marty?
[deleted]
Elected in 80 and reelected in 84, which was the 2nd largest landslide ever after FDR's first reelection
v becomes w in eu
This guy has a sick mind. Love it
The market isn’t even open retard
[deleted]
I smell ass...
How you see this
U blind?
We were excited because the market didn’t dropped -7% like everyone here thought it will
Having to use a scrubber what you can get off with your strong ass stream is a sign of weakness
Where you watching that
It’s so fucked up that Transformers wasn’t a documentary.
Umm.. Just because the media hides it from simple folk doesn't mean nobody cares. Lol.. You can't be that foolish...can you?
Put a gun to my head and I would still say we are going up tomorrow
United we stand = Up? 💚
No I want the professionals
A first class ticket out of here
[removed]
People saying that expecting a market crash is obvious and smart money is inversing this

How obvious is this conclusion itself
How many layers of expectation do u need to bet against?
[deleted]
A few joke exchanges are open
Bruh our generation is working hard while the boomers collect and watch conspiracy theories on the youtube
NIO already up 1.4%. I smell another 10% day this week
Yup it’s red
I’m too sleepy to google it so I’m just going to assume it does.
Time to sell SNE puts. Fml they really do be too far outta the norm
There’s a war goin on outside
Buy NIO stock when it hits 28$, enjoy the ride up, sell at 60$ next year.
All the WSB bears will be crashed tomorrow
Bulls were yelling excitedly about .26%
Lol buls r ded
Your a f@ggot
lol remember when vix was red.
This is why they are the euroPOORS
This deserves the gold I don’t have.
Futures havent been above Friday's close all night and I see comments saying "WERE MOONING!"

...the moon is up, dawg
Everything. Nothing will ever be the same again
Peak uncertainty and we are flat.

Definitely a great time to be holding overpriced puts.
Buying all the intel shares i can.
Britbongs over there drinking shit tea and hard cookies with no sugar in them smh. Fucking assholes need to buy or sell some stonks.
Everyone’s really expecting the worst https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJurGA6v/
EU not even open yet.... they open in 48mins , Asians are carrying these bulls and USA is still dumping
RIP BULLS!!!
IT'S ALL WE HAAAVEEE!!!!!
It’s intentionally dumb for you, but as a dude living in Portland u don’t know the kind of shit I’ve seen. People with trump hats at grocery stores will literally get hissed at. 

If you wanna fit it, act anti trump and you’ll be fine. That’s the reality here.
Food stamps.

Now.
😏 “ I put my pants 👖 on one leg at a time bruh “
Fuck that. 33 AD Roman financial crisis confirmed.
But they said it wasn’t steal because I’m person of color. Do I understand correct? Sorry english
Bruh there are actual bots in here. It's sort of hilarious that that think WSB is going to be an effective place to spread their bullshit. 

I'm sorta irritated that none of them are getting banned when they are legit just nonstop posting weird-ass Trump  propaganda. I've seen like 15 accounts doing this just tonight.
r/investing -->
We don't go barefoot, just take the shoes off.

Crooked teeth is just british speciality.
RIP BULLS!!!
I got some NIO and SWBI plays for post election rocket. 

Fisker fucked me but maybe a Biden win could jump it on that clean energy hype?
Lmao when bears gets hopeful on a -0.03%
TSLA now.
To late ive been inspired by the gains of my fellow retard brethren
You're a national treasure!
Hell fvckin Yeah!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!! RIP BULLS!!!
[removed]
Depends where they are order to infiltrate 

Not just trading subs mostly they get paid by politics to sway the candidates with the bigger pockets 


American are
Very emotional
They are doing it
I’m going sleep. This day looks mighty boring
User name does not check out😂😂
Wow Asia is green as fuck
real men eat them
couple of mil
Be advised there’s a lot of retarded people in daily thread. And I mean politically retarded not WSB retarded. We get it the other party makes you uncomfortable.
ayyy


just when i thought i was out


they pulled me back in
Europoors, please do your thing.
[deleted]
Wait, I thought they were hella up? What changed!?
wrong sub, but if you're willing to stay send me the 5.5k and ill save you the trouble
Gross man
[removed]
Good futures returned back to red. Where they should
be. There is nothing to be bullish about leading to the election.
did you miss the part where he was 60k in the hole? do you think a higher interest rate would ever equal that?
get out while you still have all your chromosomes.
Europoors entered the chat
Because it's your 4th cake day
Drill team 6 y’all ready?
volatility eh? life's a bitch!
1929 confirmed.
Only real men pee on the doo doo Stains in the toilet 🚽bowl
After months of red........wsb is shocked to find out the next month......is also red.
Look at that VIX go!
[deleted]
WSB is too happy being gay right now, makes me nervous about the red wave
[deleted]
You sound like a salty bull. Dump all ur calls as soon as u can. And I’ll see u back here tomorrow and Tuesday and we can discuss why the market will be bleeding cause clearly u r pretty thick in the head.
>one of the main reasons anyone who owns a firearm and is middle class is unlikely to vote for him

The middle class certainly hasn't been INcreasing....
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [The Amity Affliction - D.I.E](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBNR6VwKIDk) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBNR6VwKIDk)⠀►►⠀ 2:10 / 3:16 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Dumb Fukin question here but on Robinhood can i set a stop limit??? I’ve always looked but never looked to hard i guess lol
You can get pretty good at using an absolutely retarded system. I'll admit I too often use rh for basic scalping ta even though it's better to pick something with some fucking candles and 2 axes
Haven't noticed. I've been in NIO for the last 2 months. Check my post history for proof.
Huh?
Uh oh futures touched red.

Circuit breaker confirmed?
My VXX calls keep going from fuk to not fuk
[deleted]
Facebook is that way, retard ---->

This is a stock sub
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/RDDFT the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Alexa, play Die, Die My Darling by the Misfits
What do you know?
[removed]
I felt the same way about the princess bride.
and i oop
IT'S RED I SAW IT GO RED, I SWEAR!
Did not expect this level of flatness.
Drill team six futures enters the chat
You realize we've been printing money for a month now right
Wait.. You're a gun collector that is anti-gun?? Can you post a picture of your collection?
[deleted]
Slow tv is the shit
happy cake day
[removed]
Oh look, it's a fractal reflection of the big SPY double top after midnight
[removed]
$1
Looks like you did it right... you listened to these retrds
See u fegits in the morning
What old dude said, free TV streaming service. It’s not a terrible service and there’s all kinds of weird shit on it. There’s even an unsolved mysteries channel that plays old reruns of UM 24/7 and there an MST3K channel that plays, yep you guessed it, MST3K 24/7.
OOOOPPP, here's the dump
[deleted]
whenever the hive mind decides it’s time
[deleted]
Good boi
If China could buy up a whole bunch of oil from Oklahoma by 9:30, that'd be great of them.
Skanky barefoot crooked teethed euros wonder eh?
Happy cake day
DNKN gonna get delisted 😂
Yes I've noticed no people at all in the daily threads who believe Trump wins
Sir this is a fucking Wendy's
But if spy closes at / near open you lose all premium... so the question is how often does this happen historically?
Certain areas of the market have been oversold, there is going to be some serious buys in amazon etc that keep Monday flat or even green.
Eh, I'm alternating between short puts and short calls. Ie the wheel, which while admit is quite simplistic has worked for me just fine. Not saying I never do spreads, or synthetic, or even good old fashioned buying calls, just not my usual cup of tea
PE ratios are sky high. Stocks are trending right now we’re in for a bubble burst but when?
[deleted]
The drill actually happened at like 1:45

Blame the Americans
Hey think positive, you’re making me feel better about losing $7k !!
I don’t know if I can stomach being bullish when it’s China team carrying the market
[deleted]
Very familiar with guns. My whole family is military, my father hunts,and I've gone to ranges many times in the day shooting with buddies. I'm not against guns. I have even shot assault rifles. I'm also not bat shit crazy. Some people are. And a handgun is much harder to shoot multiple targets with than an assault rifle which you know if you shoot. Most people are going to struggle to kill a few people with a handgun before another person would take them out. Which school shooting or mass shooting in the US do you need me to point to. I have lists.
Eu opens in 1 hr spastic
True true, karma is great and all, but would not mind, like, ridiculous as it sounds, to actually make some money once, instead of losing it on a daily basis.
WOAH BRO DOWN -0.08% Absolute DRILL
Retail bears never learn. The most obvious play is almost always the biggest trap. 

This week, flat is actually considered bullish because of how many idiots piled into the obvious put play.
Yes
[removed]
What is a cake day and why is reddit saying happy 4th cake day for me?

Edit: clearly a moron, makes sense now. Thanks chads
bought amzn call last Friday, hope it wont lose too much, I'm done for the day
🤭
ever tried to short snap other than this last week and when they fucked up ER in July?
Do I have to watch videos with somebody now?
No flipping way. 300? How many of the 300 are active on this sub ya think?
[removed]
I had SPY 300p for 10/30, which I lost a shit-load of money on. I now wish I still had them and they were dated 11/14 or such. BECAUSE WE'RE GOING FUCKING DOWN!
Spy to the f'n moon bitch
[deleted]
I'm a bull I try to time the bottom after mocking bears for trying to time to top hurrdy duuuurrrr
I really like Eva Lovia a lot. I wish I can just talk to her about anything. I’d like to watch the movie “Her” starring Joaquin Phoenix with her and eat ice cream
Futures be playing with you hoes, im out
There's also predictit
Literally ever? You need to get out more.
users are declining:

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/29/facebook-fb-earnings-q3-2020.html

investors also wonder about twitter's value if mango's out:

https://www.barrons.com/articles/twitter-stock-plunges-as-investors-ask-what-happens-if-donald-trump-loses-51604074565
Depends how you define the glorp alien

I mean word, the word alien.
Ameripoors drilling let's fucking goooo
Are yall gonna do this all night
You might have gotten the covid
Shut up
[deleted]
Dang. I thought The Queen’s Gambit was a true story. Pretty fucked up how it’s fake
the intrinsic value of most tech stocks is lower than they’re valued at, much lower
yeah...seems like too much for me at the moment. I like naked calls / puts.
Ban
Oh it’s another episode of Europe is incredibly gay, I’ve seen this one already
Yawn
That’s the dumbest shit I’ve ever heard
Yes I do that to reverse psychology Bears so they are forced to cover later or buy there option at a loss 

Actually there is a whole team of 300 hired by mm doing it
Boris just called me and said he unplugged the brits internet. Futures should be up bigly soon.
SPY ABSOLUTELY BLOODY I can't believe we hit limit down within 2 minutes of Europe opening
Nope
Spy green I repeat spy green mf
I’m a bull hur dee dur
Why the f futures dumped while I took a dump
all the time but just cuz its fun to piss off bears
I put my last $10 on VSTO for earnings
Could be a nose-bleed. are you a newly formed human from an alien symbiote?
Too early, go back to bed 

🌈🐻
the spaz absolutely can drag down on spx which will affect vix. there is very high correlation between nq and es.

ETH = electronic trading hours, ie futes
Nah, you gotta give them your alt email to avoid the spam
Buying gun stocks is pointless.

Just buy the whole gun.
Fuck futures went red only USA tech is holding on
long one short another. You can make it market neutral to gain exposure to the differences in performance between the two. You can also lopside the ratios for overall market exposure too. It's easiest with shares, but you can do it with options too, but that's tricky since you have to juggle the greeks and that shouldn't be your first pairs trade play.
No... I begged idiots here to buy calls.... You don't have to be an idiot... That was by far the most brain dead easy thing to do....

Buy the dip... 

Not short the massive dip... Man.... 

Investing bought the dip and wsb should have murdered their returns with call options and instead burned themselves with puts waiting for a second leg that made no fucking sense.

It's like you guys heard "be fearful when others are fearful and buy puts!"

Edit: people here literally decided to fight the fed... How fucking stupid can you be to try to fight a central bank...
I respectfully disagree for several reasons. I don’t believe there is any reason for me not to be able to own a so called “weapon of war”. These are no different than many available hunting rifles in any way other than their “scary appearance”. I enjoy casually shooting for fun, as do many other hundreds of thousands of Americans. I’m okay with background checks, I’m okay with mental stability checks, prior offense checks/restrictions, etc. what I’m NOT okay with is someone restricting my second amendment rights. The simple fact of the matter is a handgun could do just as much harm as one of these “assault weapons” everyone is so worried about, and on top of that they’re more easily concealable. 

Also, genuine question again, are you from the US? Familiar with guns?
Something smells metallic, am I having a stroke?
Yes but mango causes way way more emotions 

I see those RALLYS 

U can’t ignore the massive amount of people that show up 

as much as the media does not wanna show it
It's like you completely ignored my entire post because he happens to be picking the person you want to win. I'll restate this in simple terms. Lichtman changes the "rules" of his model on the fly to make him look smarter. That's fucking gay and retarded. Gaytarded, one might say. I even put forward a testable prediction – if Trump wins the electoral college and loses the popular vote again, Lichtman will say he was right anyways like he did in 2000.
🐺
My thesis: look at SPY chart of the first week of trading in 2020 322-327. We chop in that range and will make a big move in either direction pending election data that starts coming through.
Mr. Market, Mr. Market, why my 🖍 stop work 😡😡😡😡😡
Do bears ever pose as bulls on these threads for reasons such as to throw off algos, try to fit in, satirically poke fun at themselves?

^I’m ^a ^bull. ^Bullish ^as ^fuk
SPY RED I REPEAT SPY RED
Zoom out dumbass
By Thanksgiving bro
[deleted]
L O W E N E R G Y
Do bears ever pose as bulls on these threads for reasons such as to throw off algos, try to fit in, satirically poke fun at themselves?

^I’m ^a ^bull
So mother of all ERs coming up on Tuesday, watch all contracts get IV crushed when the market move 0.01% after elections.
Yes but if u have time to install them


In blue states u don’t get in trouble for rioting and looting so if it happens fast enough they can make some damage
QQQ put 
PTON put 
BABA call
Bear trap.
So the new name of this band I'm going to make is called:

"Bottom of the Bollinger"

and we do post-rock 20 minute songs with 8 minute drum solos while we preach about cutting six-pack plastic to save turtles in-between songs. I'll link my soundcloud later.
any environmentally-friendly AR-15 manufacturers?
Lol I don't
[deleted]
God I love this sub
Is it stupid to think a Biden win might slow a vaccine? If a vaccine is 30% effective Trump would roll it out saying “the cure is here”. Biden might say “the scientists tell me it needs to be 99.999% effective first”. Or less is ok as long as Hunter is on the board of directors of the vaccine producer.
Any repercussions?
You going to see riot when either side wins
I like your style
Did you guys seriously think it wouldnt turn red? Really?
Turns out Trump is a 🌈🐻

No big beautiful stimmy
Not true. Gun sales are way up as BLM take to domestic terrorism.. (Speaking from first hand experience)
There are ppl who would... my parents for example would and theyve had this "deadly" virus.
No, I just wanted to.
Finally a little bit more action in futures idc if it moves for or against my position I just want it to do SOMETHING lmao
Me and homies stay hard as a rock 💎🥩
[deleted]
Careful, you sure you don't want some puts? If you buy the same thing everyone else on the sub does, you get to post. The same screens and gain karma because you're all in the same boat.

You want fucking karma don't you?
It's okay just uninstall and start over with Webull.
Just basic options investing...

When you buy calls in etfs, you are asking for some stocks that you don't necessarily like to go up. Better just go straight to the source so to speak.
wooden boards are cheaper
Is this a troll pretending to be a russian bot?
GOT EEEM
this guy gets it
Asia traders buy cause they have no reason to sell.

Futures sliding before EU open.

Retarded bulls: HoW cOuLd ThIs HaPpEn
Same. Taking a few days off this week to watch the market and the election.  Biden wins and SPY dips to recover. Booyah.
You mean APPL right?
However to his defense I love to see that 99% of the retards money is gone forever cause he is autistic
Democrats are always the best gun salesmen in history.
we're not even below vwap
Oh, God. Stop! He's already dead!
I bet this is one of those fake green opens where it starts out ok then takes a shit at 10:30
I mean it is and it’s awesome rn 😂

3 sigma corrections are basically free cash money
I would too if we got UBI
Is that..........red?
Whether they're dumb or not, he picks em right. Which is all that should matter, but you're just focused on him not picking the person you think/want to win.
Planter’s is the best company for nuts though 🥜 🤤
Like I needed another reason to hate Europe..
Nice 👍 way to get this trading week started 🤓😂😘
It's funny.

Americans wonder why europoors always sell and europoors wonder why tf do americans wear shoes when they are inside
Yep. I bought calls at 355pm to sell them sometime tomorrow. I aint fucking with nothing else until later on the week depending how the election goes.
Lmao. Had to delete and take another crack after your last "quip" got downvoted to oblivion, huh?
Where you at bulls?! We bloody again!
[removed]
>Why would anyone time how long it takes to take a shit?

You don't?
Futures the last 10 minutes show why exactly everyone should shut the fuck up about them as if that is any kind of guidance to how we'll open.
because BABA is the amazon of china and undervalued as fuck.

and biden loves his china
pairs trade, brb...google
It was a 3,960 gamble... Not an investment.
Sorry 😔
Yeah I’ve been holding spy puts and VXX calls since Wednesday and I feel more confident right now than ever. You can tell bulls are worried about their positions. I almost feel bad for them lol
goddamn we drilling before Europoors is even awake
Uh oh
aww
This has been the longest weekend in the history of weekends. Maybe ever.
Look, nobody is saying they want to take your guns. However, assault weapons have no place in the hands of regular joe's. These are tools of war. The UK, Japan, Germany, Australia, etc. All have passed responsible gun legislation and have dramatically reduced gun homicides. In a perfect world, every gun owner would be responsible, and mentally stable. That's not the case. And banning the sale of these style of weapons would make it much more difficult for those criminals to get those guns, even if they still can obtain them. And making their sale illegal would also make them less desirable. Do you need an assault rifle to protect yourself? How many times have you needed to take out an entire theatre full of people?
Fuckin hot in here man.
Even if the vaccine 💉 comes out ...

Who will have the balls to take a rushed vaccine...

With unknown side effects 

Unless the GOVERMENT puts incentives ...

That’s gonna be another while shit show
Money does buy happiness because money buys drugs.
that's why NIO puts are the way
[deleted]
We can kill our grandparents but can't smoke weed 🤣
You could pairs trade a UK ETF against either a Euro or US one.
bro....look what just happened. apologize...
You dropped this \ 
 *** 
^^&#32;To&#32;prevent&#32;anymore&#32;lost&#32;limbs&#32;throughout&#32;Reddit,&#32;correctly&#32;escape&#32;the&#32;arms&#32;and&#32;shoulders&#32;by&#32;typing&#32;the&#32;shrug&#32;as&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯`&#32;or&#32;`¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯`

 [^^Click&#32;here&#32;to&#32;see&#32;why&#32;this&#32;is&#32;necessary](https://np.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3fbrg3/is_there_a_reason_why_the_arm_is_always_missing/ctn5gbf/)
Ive used my calculator app for 8.2 hours this month.
Fair point if that does happen, I do recognize the irony.

However, if he isn't reelected and shit happens.... I'm sure you'll make excuses for it.
Puts on small businesses
I bought those in February and had 30 baggers at market bottom. At the time I thought 180 was going to be the bottom and diamond handed it. Ended up with just 30% gains when I sold in late March. Instead of 3000% ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
fucking spot on
[deleted]
Just saying 🤷‍♂️😂
VXX on friday was the tell that the markets plan is to fuck everyone's short term weeklies over, doesn't matter if you have puts or calls.
Ok boomer
U don’t have to be profitable in this market 

It’s 2020 boomer 

Trading has changed
I think a lot of people severely underestimate 22 and 17hmr. Yeah it’s tiny, but it can bounce around and decimate internal organs. I don’t wanna get shot by anything. Either way, I don’t believe the government should tell me what I can and can’t own as a law abiding citizen. 

That being said, I don’t have an issue with background checks and prior offense restrictions. I don’t want assholes shooting up schools either.
Looked into this years ago... most loan services will not take credit cards
Facebook is that way, retard---->

This is a stock sub.
Means they're all gonna fail NNN
MaRk3t RigGeD
Good morning fellow Europe person! Hope you have a great week!
What would you do if I bought this FD?

Would you stand up and walk out on me?
google is a fucking website
Yes, and?
>Do you like 'Dump' stories?

> 'Cuz you're in one...
Man if mango wins I expect massive riots, I already see a lot of Business bordering up!!!

It’s crazy to me why they don’t get riot glass or some new form of extra strong glass.

Riots are now a part of our society and can happen at any time 

In blue states
I'll go synthetic long if I'm feeling pretty frisky about a stock going up, but short put and then short call has made me plenty of money. Certainly kept me well ahead of spy these last 2 months, and I'd be much farther ahead if it wasn't for one position I admittedly got too emotional about and now have to baghold my shares
I think there’s a lady boi waiting for you behind the Wendy’s dumpster
Let’s fucking go
Bulls by continuously stating how bears r fuked just highlights how you’re sweating while typing hoping you’re right
Can’t wait for the European dump 😈
Why’s apple gonna boom
Sigma balls lafamao
zm 500
Sqqq buying for sure
more zeroes

200k is still your problem
Joking or genuinely believe so?
Europe about to open. Europe in lockdown with nothing else to spend money on. I wonder what that means.
Every week the options market prices in an expected move. This is 1 standard deviation or 1 sigma. The market moved triple what the market priced in so that’s 3 sigmas.
Regional manager
remember: inverse WSB and you will win

get call when everyone get puts, that is the secret
I think you know too much.
Is it bad that I like PLTR even when they’ve been unprofitable for the last 10 years 😂

Gotta invest in a dystopian future
We all get our 5 minutes of hate.
Why not stop there when you have SPY 180P

I was there. Calling the market a fake dead cat bounce, waiting for the second leg down. We all got bitch slapped by the biggest hulk dong in modern history
I was called a moron and I didn't know what I was talking about earlier here. I try to tell the bears that the market dumped all week and shit tons of puts were bought friday. The market would do crush those puts tomorrow morning. We go green tomorrow and flat Tuesday. If biden wins we go flat and if trump wins we go hugely green. I do think that if we don't have a winner by Thursday we will have another huge dump like this past week.
>One of these has to be stored in a -4 degree fridge ( which few places have enough to hold the dosages)

Isn't that like, a domestic freezer?
Any luck ..?
Hahaha 😂 😘😘😘
how this shit still the same as it was when i looked hours ago
bulls in shambles
 I don’t agree at all. Yes shot placement matters but the .22 is considered a small pests caliber for a reason.  I don’t know if it’s clear already I’m against Biden’s gun policies and CA type gun restrictions. Fuck ‘em.
Been I while since I’ve seen actual Black Friday deals not just price hikes discounted as a “sale”
Think Blue (wave) Oyster club is the one people will be joining in 3 days.

Look forward to loss porn
😏😘🍿🤺
So between market volatility and election chaos, it’s safe to say that absolutely no work will get done this week.
Where else are they gonna spend that money?
you can see they're already starting the theta burn tonight in the ETH session, people buying jacked up IV spy puts last week are going to learn a tough lesson.

i think the big clue was VXX not being able to make anything near a higher high on friday despite NQ shitting a brick
Mine are all safe at the bottom of the ocean... shame I lost them all on that boating accident...
Water can freeze though
MARKETS OPEN TODAY WEEKEND COULD NOT PASS FAST ENOUGH
Predictit elections portfolio down 2% :( bought high over the weekend.. but won't sell low.
[deleted]
Bro my cock is hard
*eye double backflip*
Aka "the prestige"
Eurodump priced in
Entire last month
Which is why i bought some weekly calls on Friday. It will be volatile week, so it will be either big brain good move or stupid-it-was-so-obvious kind of move.
Great, because I put all my savings in PLTR.
 split-strike conversion strategy
Feels like a direct attack, but ok
So tick and price
I just followed the money into some December calls which came up on my radar. Whale bet of 700k and another 1.7M for June 2020 both in the 80s strike range. I admit I jumped on it a bit too quick and didn’t follow my rule of the contract to have profited at least 10% before buying.
Vaccine updates: hospitals are registering for vaccines. Astra zenica and Abbott are the two that will be available likely before year end. 

All current pipelined vaccines are 2 shots. Abbott is 1 shot then another after 14 days. AZ is 1 shot then another after 21 days. 

One of these has to be stored in a -4 degree fridge ( which few places have enough to hold the dosages)

No word on efficacy of these vaccines yet. They are hoping to start giving to healthcare by end of this month.
[deleted]
bruh we drilling , drill team six is online
They thought they were the next Warren Buffet for holding puts in election week.
[deleted]
SPY 250P 11/4  
PLTR 10.5C 11/20   
LETS FCKING GO RETARD
The NRA said Obama was taking them all, twice. And they said Bill Clinton was taking them all, twice. I think our guns are safe.
Hear me out guys, I’m big bear, but don’t expect the election to crash the market. At most, we’ll see $305 on SPY and then a big recovery. 

The market won’t crash to March levels again until housing defaults rise and investors panic. Recessions take months to actually show their effects, so likely this won’t happen until mid-late 2021.
[removed]
what’s a sigma?
Ah now we've come to the part of the evening where futures sell off because everyone is afraid of Europe
I have good thoughts
That's a fair point. Is there essentially always a bounce after 3 sigmas for indices and maybe commodities? Surely someone's already done the research on it.
Pins$ and snap$ have a bigger market cap than twitter...

the fuck ..

I wanna short pins$ to the ground 

But ....
Futures green means red day
Yikes.
Or Bo Jackson
Its hard to compare the trends from that time. Lots of things changed. Stimulus, Tech enabling daily works, covid recovery..... It wont be that bad of a drop.
/GC or /SI. Cut through the bullshit.
sorry, an app that acquired some other apps, better?
Sqqq
And the polls. And sanity.

It really doesn't matter. Bigger problems in the market.

If 4-6 week puts should print.
Thoughts on my SPXS 6$ calls 11/20
You just go to www.UpSolve.org and they do all the paperwork and everything for you without the lawyer you just have to go to court.  I filed Ch. 7 this way and wiped 30k of debt all on my own
So your bullish position made you poor af?
Either way, Biden is bad for business in the long term. Maybe short term gains though
Finna be like that tho
Worst that can happen is you leave the US forever and go teach English in Korea and live a comfy life playing Starcraft and eating  떡볶이.
Guess MM won’t let retail get cheap shares
LMAO... holy fuck.. you didn't have to expose him like that. He's gonna wet his diapers now.
BuT thIS Is THE RuG PulL

REeC0rD C0vID
1994 crime bill anyone? Sponsor of that bill? Anyone? Anyone?
(eye roll)
These kind of headlines have become quite an everyday thing through 2020, havent they?
What's TA
If Monday isn't a down-day, it's the dead-cat. 100%
[deleted]
Damn my google calls are looking juicer and juicer.
I've never felt more confident with an inverse because of a single post. You're reasoning is that you've never listened to anything these candidates have said in the past l and now that you've heard Trump speak, you realized he wants to make America great again. And because of this realization SPY is going tits up? And you think it's going tits up because now we will make stuff in America? Jesus this sub is insane. Kid doesn't know what tits up means and we should be listening to him.
The market is doing the opposite of what genius bears think? It took a lot of mental effort on their part to conclude market is going down because election and Covid. They must’ve thought they were the only ones thinking about this
I’ve heard TDS can be quite rough on the ol’ coronary, I’ll say a prayer for you, retard.
UPS entered the chat
this month 


Or Dorsey steps down ... Na idk 

Mabey it’s just a over all bounce for tech 

I mean after that free fall and elections 

I can see us mooning again after all that uncertainty
ooh...smart decisions and tactics.
[deleted]
Imagine thinking the prudent move was to buy puts after the S&P tanked 3 sigmas. 

LMAO FOOK! 😂
🙏
[deleted]
I'm paper trading my first iron butterfly

350 / 326 / 320
Imagine thinking that futures up .18 percent means tomorrow is going to be green 🤡🤡 whatever helps you sleep better
All these tiny hourly candles are meaningless. Wait for some fat green/red ones to show us the real move.
Profit and Tesla calls are basically the same thing
If this was so easy you won’t be the first to figure this out.
Sure. Look at spy the last 100 years. It’s always bull season. But if you yolo 100% of your portfolio each time you’ll be dead.
This post was flaired as DD so it's on the DD list. [Find more fresh WSB DD here.](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3ADD&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Proof-Caterpillar-2 don't misuse DD flair. No shitposts, short and vague guesses, links as DD, etc. DD is for wall-of-text deep-dive Pepe Silvia shit. Please change the flair if this isn't DD. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
how do you know he isn't?
Hating 😂
STOCKS ONLY GO UP!!!!
[deleted]
Teavana holdings? okay. Thanks, man.
3
look for things that had strong relative strength last week. china stocks, utilities, regional banks, wynn, bidu, etc.
[deleted]
You can tell people here don't really understand how buying power works.
I can’t believe I wasted a minute and a half waiting to see what would happen
[deleted]
Because that was 26 years ago? Even lefty savior Bernie Sanders was pro-1994 crime bill and no one gives him shit for it

No one gives a fuck if Kamala was a career DA except for Fox News concern trolling and the progs who think prison literally shouldn't exist
Do europoors markets open at 3a today or is it still 4a?
Of course it's "flat" , only America and Asia trading right now
human extinction is priced in, sorry kiddo
Why not straddle position in both :D
We’re going to be pinned to a tight shitty range until election data starts pouring in.
Good for them. You think anyone here knows what that is, or even what synthetic puts are or whatever they use? Covered shorts have made me enough money that I really don't care to go deeply into trying complex options strategies, it's simple and it works as long as you have some patience. Being covered fits my risk tolerance just fine

If put goes against me I'll collect my pennies on my calls until it recovers. Same risk as if I had just bought the shares instead of selling a put
Trump will lose but this will 100% not happen lmfao
[removed]
Short TEA
FAN TAN TESLA
EQT- Reversal pattern with ascending wedge

RRC

SWN

CNX - bull flag, reversal pattern

MCF - Low Cap play, CEO a billionaire buying cheap Oil/gas assets at bottom of market.

SM - may have bottomed but too early to tell. Great company

CWEGF- Small cap clean ESG Canadian play,

BIREf - bull flag, outside US

AAVVF- canadian,  small cap, overall great potential and looks like bottomed out

&#x200B;

Some of the above are USA but great companies that will survive. Also not sure if a Biden win will ban fracking completely which I don't think he will do, I think the business will be regulated heavily to become more ESG, which is what most of them are trying to do anyway. I think if anything he will ban flaring gas from crude oil drilling. I am also looking at this as a mid- long term swing trade... I probably wouldn't invest in this industry long term and the long term bullish fundamentals of NG might happen very slowly with lots of volatility in between. Same goes for all my commodity producers
[deleted]
rofl, i didn't even realize i was replying to the infamous CEO of Wendy's. This dude is great.
Lowes and HD get a boost from peaceful repair costs?
I think Twitter had hinted a few months ago that they might create a subscription service. Maybe they’ll announce it soon? Are the unusual call activities for this week?
I would never buy puts. You just can’t bet against market manipulation. Haha. 

Unless...?
> Facebook is an app


Lol
You made a... Wall Street bet?
any tech calls at open and sell 60 minutes in
So much room for bags.
That’s bullish tho. Lol
You support the infidels market, shame on you!
he watched the doc on netflix, obviously
[Stock futures up amid England stay-at-home order, U.S. election uncertainty](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/01/stock-market-futures-open-to-close-news.html)

Cool, cool. Makes perfect sense! I see, I see!
I agree to an extent. It’s all lethal depending on shot placement. HOWEVER, I’m not about to defend myself with my legal  .22 when the bad guy has an illegal 7.62... see my point?
Nope.Flip that graph and you will find wisdom.
Why you would ever hold a bearish position when the majority of the sub believes its a good idea is beyond me.

The one time you don't buy puts is when every person thinks it's a good idea. 

Lots of sheep here.
Born
he doesnt remember 9/11
What is that symbol eewwww
Whales have been buying for the last few days.
Trump jr**
Positive 

But what the fuck can they announce that is positive after that last shit show 🤔
It won’t go bankrupt soon, but it’s destined for the dustbin of history, son.  It’s a big ol’ pile of overpriced shit held up by hopes and dreams. Negative 300m in cash flow on 850m in revenue looks like a suckers bet homey.  But you do you!
get his ass
Already have
[deleted]
Looks like Amazon that blew earnings and Apple that blew earnings without 5G phones are going to boom tomorrow. Puts r fuk.
I'm not afraid of you
Yes
I put 12k in PINS Nov 20 62C on Friday. Would be great if we see 60 tmrw.
99% of us can't afford it
Wsb tank sounds like a good show
The lira as in turkish currency. That thing has basically become worthless.
**Strategy**  
Wait for market structure to break, then trade the retest of that zone. Zone is drawn using the first candle which crossed the [pivot](https://www.tradingview.com/ideas/pivotpoints/) high/low to begin trapping the traders  
AND  
Liquidity in form of equal highs/lows should not be present behind the stop loss
Serious question, not trying to start a fight. What good would a gun ban do? Banning drugs doesn’t work. Banning alcohol didn’t work. The list goes on. Criminals will always have guns, so why wouldn’t I want to be able to defend myself?
Futures:

"I don't wanna go any higher"


"wait maybe I do"


"nah I don't."


"but maybe I do tho"


"I don't"


"but maybe..."
Still some music in HTZ
[deleted]
wait, your mom asshole gets stretched golf style
Size by me 🥰😘
WSB being bearish is terrifying. I still remember when all us retards got wiped out in March with SPY $220P, really don't want to repeat that mistake.
[deleted]
Bears r fk
My grandpa is an autist so I will inverse. No insider trading
[deleted]
Long term yes leaps 

I have em as social media is becoming so so powerful
Puts on wsb member count

20% more probs gonna be wiped out this week
Fuck. This is the top
Bears, stand fast.  This bullshit bull propaganda is bullshit.  SPY is going down next week.
Gay bear cheap
'OY! Snog me a few baNGERs 'n mash
It’s not, but I read his plans as well as the 34 page document on shotgun and rifle classifications/importation/modifications listed on his website and its absolutely insane. The problem is we have uneducated people on the topic, voting for things they can’t fully understand.
TA on RH...  uuhhh durrr line goes up and down durrr
What does 2000s kid mean? You were born in the 00's or you were a child in the 00's?
Which sins my brother ☝🏽👳🏽‍♂️
Why you hate money man
11/13 or 11/20 $40 snap puts

It’s worth a yolo, if that’s your thing.
Was this really written by LUV2FUKMARRIEDMILFS? Holy shit. I've always thought he was a dumb fuck. Guess he's only half retarded afterall.
This sounds a lot like those UPS DDs from last week and UPS fucked me even after beating earnings. Fuck you.
I've been pounding the table on WSB discounting post-election IV crush for awhile now. Election is basically an earnings-style binary vol event, but for indices. People should be really asking themselves if they're comfortable holding anything through that.
Only took 2 trillion dollar stimulus and hopes of another 2 trillion.
Everyone is sufficiently hedged. Now it’s time to squeeze them.
Ugh Libras are the worst 🤢
https://www.ls-tc.de/de/aktie/tesla-motors-aktie
The entire last week was a bear trap.
Im confused, can you make a chart for the next two weeks please?
Good morning from europe we gonna pump because fuck your puts
What should I buy Gold or Silver? Ticker?
white
USB calls 11/13
How so? I genuinely want to know since I have a couple of calls. I did read about Tiger Mgmt having sold a part of their position to Coatu this month but had no knowledge of bankruptcy.
Bulls make money, bears make money, pigs get slaughtered.
So buy calls?
I ain’t doing shit
Some free TV platform that cycles its movies in and out; didn't expect that to be the focus of that comment lol
Dollar cost averaging
we are in a simulation
Let me introduce you to tiktok
Europe hasn't even opened yet......
Very true comrade,very true
Jersey Mike's is the shit
Lucky for you this is America and there's probably a gun store right around the corner 👍
My grandma is Martha Stewart and she says insider trading is illegal 💁‍♀️
Everyone talks about the dollar collapsing, I want to know Who here shorted the Lira.
Bears are shambled once again.  All is right
Only two modes. Bullish to the max and cash portfolio. Never a bear in this environment
Their There They're
NIO it is
[deleted]
All I’m saying is i can’t wait to buy the dip, not sure if I’m the only one lol, but it feels like second chance from the recession in March 😂
Famous last words
[deleted]
[removed]
Dynamic hedgers disagree with you

If a put goes against you, it will literally take weeks to recover from mark to market losses lol
Is this like a dance-off challenge or something?
goof
Walmart took all the guns and ammo off the shelves 😢
Hello kind sir and or gentle lady. my friend is extremely interested in your flair
It’s scary
How powerful twitter and Facebook are becoming 

I mean with there algos they can sway and control
How a generations thinks...

We are witnessing one of the most powerful weapons in humanity being formed right in front of our faces
DC is boarding up businesses. Seriously I can’t wait, like I’m in fear for the future but also exited cause I never thought I would see this in my lifetime. I’m a 2000s kid, I shouldn’t be going through this lmaoo
[removed]
More like just buy guns and ammo
You show Mr. Market the power of your 🖍 😡
That’s my favorite rock band!
But covered short options are safe. No one fucking thinks running the wheel is the most profitable play ever, but you get shares if a put sell goes against you and still make some money if the cc goes against you.
Europe is green. Tomorrow it will open green
Man it feels good getting spit roasted at the casino
My grandpa is the ceo of QQQ and he says buy puts
You are playing checkers. 

The elite play chess. 

The Byedons have been trained to riot.
They've also been trained that their guy is winning(silent majority says otherwise). 

The elite need big issues with 2A rights so a good il left vs right boondoggle should do the trick to reduce more rights(controlavirus anyone?).

The right is too christian and passive to start a war. So the left has been duped into thinking they will win, all the while being trained to riot and spew hatred. 

The elite will get what they want. 
The citizens will not. 

Mango wins. Left riots. Gunfighting between left and right. White helmets and new laws and waaaaay less freedoms. 

Chess not checkers.
Ya some guy is lowballin the car at $65.
Same boat. I need to sleep, but I'm too caught up in anticipation for market tomorrow, election Tuesday, and whatever the fuck else happens after that. At this point, I feel like literally anything could happen and it wouldn't surprise me.
Their vapor rub is so good though when you are sick
No point. Contracts worth more as they have time premium priced in
"Stocks rise on hopes civil unrest leads to prosperous nation."
Bulls, there is no need to be upset :o)
One thing I’ve learned... if everyone is bearish, don’t buy puts
I wish hylion was still at 33.....
I mean...if that was the logic then SPY wouldn't have hit 350+ this year at all. Things don't have to bE oKaY for stonks to go up
That's actually a great suggestion.  Problem with Bovada or other gambling sites is that once you win, you'll go splurging that bet on other things.  With a friend, you collect the money, he curses you out.  Done.  Talk about it for years.
Imagine buying puts Friday and day dreaming about lambo's all weekend and then getting cucked tmrw 🤡
😎🤏😭
They're pretty predictable, kinda up and down.
Mmm Jersey Mike’s
That’s Hunter “reeses peanut butter dick” Biden to you, peasant.
VIX call holders in shambles
What does it mean to buy theta? Short theta = selling covered calls?
This post was flaired as a YOLO so it's on the YOLO list. [Find more YOLOs here!](https://ns.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&q=flair%3AYOLO&restrict_sr=on&t=da)

Hey /u/Ray2749 the YOLO flair is for big dick trades that you're already in. If you misused the flair please change it. Mods have been notified of this thread.

[Submission Flair Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/wiki/linkflair)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You forgot to say to use the profit from the fruit shack to buy $TSLA calls
I’ve never heard of that band are they any good? I can’t find them on shopify
What’s S&W?
VSTO calls 👀👀👀
If I were a bull I would be concerned with futures trading flat off Friday's close. Looks like to me the market is just trying to figure out a direction. Basically just waiting until that first whale sells - trying to squeak out any profit possible until the dumping.
They prefer whatever CCP says they prefer
True
add reliable rona shots in Dec and we are all done for 2020
Lmao no walmart is 9- 11 an hr starting pay with 30 cent raises every year if you're lucky which is just enough for the annual  cost of living probably 
By your logic grown adults work at mc Donald and retail for fun since every parent should of guided their children through life.
You seem really out of touch with reality its cringey as fuck, 16 an hr is starting pay for any trade or tech job 
Amazon is the highest paying 15 i think
You don't know jack shit about reality though i dont know why you havemt deleted this post yet
Feggito
Same, except GRWG and not ACB
[deleted]
6.90 buying power. Nice
imagine bear smh 🤦
[deleted]
😂
Uncut Gems
idk I think history has proven that websites and tech can go up indefinitely like it has done since 2000
it's at the top of the bollinger band for 15 min chart, this is a fake-out.
I knew I should have bought callsZ
Puts are too obvious
Looking for calls for tomorrow.. any recommendations??????
God you are stupid
Do Chinese people prefer NIO or Tesla cars? Gimme DD
Expecting positive or negative move?
Bears hold your fucking testicles tight. Otherwise we'll continue mooning
Yup, that's why you should always only invest in a single company
The fuck is pluto TV
Lmao
Astaghfirullah! Repent for your sins kafir!
You right king
We mooning!
Bubble is priced in, just like the UK
I edited all the text on there tonight
I asked my British friend to not sell and he said ok so we should be good guys.
So how do i buy puts on the UK again? (i'm serious)
[deleted]
Tho
Imagine buying puts AFTER 4 red days 🤡
SEC, these futures right here
@deitaone
Not buy Spy puts but instead selling call credit spreads on Friday:
*The scars remind me,that the past is real.*🎵
Capital flight exists. It’s a globalized world economy, make the corporate tax rate 40-60% and watch how many companies leave America. And why wouldn’t they, would you work for 40 cents on the dollar? 

Not to mention, with all of the Marxist doctrine being spewed today, who do you think they’re going to target? The poor people? Go look up similar revolutions and read up on what happened to business owners and rich people. What’s the saying now? “Eat the rich”? You think every wealthy American didn’t take Bernie’s popularity and doctrine seriously enough to consider where they would go if it reached its conclusion?

And don’t get me started on very peaceful protests destroying hundreds of millions of dollars worth of businesses.

I understand your sentiment, but if you think a presidents economic policy plays absolutely no role in the stock market you don’t know your ass from your elbow on the economy. Tax rates and regulation make or break businesses to the tunes of tens of thousands. Sure, the market will still go up, but if you’re one of those people who says trump just inherited Obama’s amazing economy you’re legitimately a dumb ass.
someone's drinking all the kool-aid
I was thinking the same. Don’t see the Giants winning by anything except luck, but aside from two games they hold the score pretty tight. TB has either lost close or won by a blowout so it is the proper spread, I just don’t see em closing it. 
Anyway, here’s Wonderwall  $NIO 17c 12/16/22
shopify is a cms, facebook is an app, peloton is a stationary bike with a screen, pinterest is where bored housewives look at cute pictures, zoom is group facetime, tech bubble is too real
Wtf is happening u/solitaryegg
[deleted]
The last kingdom
Planning for only two outcomes. The hallmark of a true retard.

Third outcome OP:

I fuck your wife and mother at the same time. While your dog watches.
They got arrested for indecent exposure
Bulls being delusional, thinking everything is going fine haha! U r all fuk
When’s the next south par k episode coming out?
Bears declared victory 30 seconds after futures opened
Europoors locking down. Britbongs on a month long lock down. Meanwhile in America...
[deleted]
We’ve been mooning for months which is exactly WHY we should be going down.

I’m not tripping though. I made so much during the Feb crash, and I’ll make a shit ton on the next one too
🤡
Flip a coin and sometimes you’re right
MMs got some tricks up their sleeves.
Nah I'm too poor to do that, pretty much my entire net worth is in robinhood
Don’t worry friend. Many renters just like you learned to pay water bills.
How do you make money from mostly peaceful protests?
If you gamble options, end of the month is every day.

\- Jesus
Retard. 

Covid spreads on credit card scanners and touch screens. 

The fuck you think everyone has been doing when they grocery shop. 

That shit is everywhere already. 

Just the damn govt trying to controlavirus us. 

Wake up jeez. 

If lockdowns then stockdowns. 
Else a few old people with other deadly illnesses will perish 6-18 months before their time.
We did just pass the solar minimum recently
Yes, you seem pretty eager for my load anyways they way you keep riding my dick.
Abandon Ship!!!!! NO, hold yerrr posts!
Gonna weather the next two days and see what election night and Wednesday morning brings. On the bright side, got my dividends from $JPM and should get schedule for some from $AAPL on Friday. Running the wheel isn’t so bad.
yes
[removed]
What happened to all the people strutting around, flashing their 320ps?
Um twitter 🤔 a lot of unusual call activity on this one. 


Wtf is mm planning ... or know
Bump stocks were unconstitutionally banned by the ATF and unlike most legislative bans, did not have a grandfather clause. Because of this they did not accelerate sales because any law abiding purchasers would have to destroy them.

&nbsp;

In fact, the destruction caused large losses for some companies that filed lawsuits on 5th amendment grounds.
I’m here to back up my bud. We’re two eggs now 🥚 🥚
[removed]
Holding snap puts already fucked me enough. I’ve been traumatized
Agreed. This is 100% correct
> Aye bro, five k at 5% compound a week sir.

Cute that you think you can net an average of 5% per week.
Can I lick your feet?
If you thinking about tomorrow instead of Wednesday you got it wrong chief
Capital I instead of lower-case L on solitary

Looks super convincing in some fonts, super shitty in others.
Seeing how wsb got put after 4 straight red days is making me realized how these people got no common sense
probably some tech bro who thinks stock options are the same as his shitty tech companies options where he can exercise early to avoid taxes.
Right now my plan is Wednesday morning, although I might paper hands and exit at open if spy is gonna be green
Not like this gigantoir!!! Everything is locking down
Don’t get the downvotes, that’s pretty much on the money.
Where you seeing the death of vix 

 https://imgur.com/ckPkjPh.jpg
Pus pus
How the fuck are futures green
Unironically love Pluto lmao. The train POV channel soothes my autism in ways I never knew was possible
A good part of Europe wouldn’t even survive with zero tourism. I feel bad for the euros for once, now that they’ll be stricken with both corona and poverty
What if it comes down to the Supreme Court then 🍊 definitely has leverage
I heard Cuties is really good
I bought 12 stocks of visa at 214$ a piece. Am I fucked? I can hold for a year if the US still exists ;_;
Projection is one of the strangest and yet most pervasive things in American politics.
Ok Dr Strange
What WSB Thinks Will Happen: Extremely contested election that drags out until the end of the year at least combined with COVID which results in SPX <3000 and VIX >80. SPY puts and VXX calls print.

What Is Going to Happen: Election decided definitively by wednesday. Market flat to maximum -2% down EOW. IV crush from binary vol event obliterates all options but particularly WSB's way OTM SPY puts and VXX calls.
Chins and India go brrrrr


Taiwan and China go brr
[deleted]
Bears coping
Idk I just put the next season of Fringe in my queue it should be in the mail on Wednesday 🤗
real retard energy here
Bears going to the shadow realm
[deleted]
Pepelaugh
[removed]
If you look at the manufacturing out of China for various election memorabilia, which predicted the last election..... 

Have fun purchasing those.
!RemindMe 30 minutes
All 11/02 SPY puts below 338 will expire worthless tomorrow
I’ve been staring for 5 mins and can’t see where the difference is in the username

Wait his I is an uppercase “i” isn’t it
Europe in lockdown, they have nowhere else to put their money besides the US stock market.
They both have a lot of lawyers on standby, thousands each in Florida I believe.
SPY 11/02 280p 

😎
I would say Narcos on Netflix. But I’m not 100% sure
I'm thankful I dumped it last month..
> Embarrassing to correct the guy who is actually fucking illiterate 

umm, r/woooosh
im trading dax futures and u cant stop me darth chaney.....
[deleted]
Zero predictions. All wishes.
Mooning down?
a lot of tears to be shed by partisan simps after tuesday...some shedding tears of sadness, others tears of joy
Futures r mooning VIX r dead Bears r fuk
It's like I can't be wrong. Jesus. This is why I trade.
>	dont be a dick it might jinx your portfolio this week.

Too late for that bud, typical government fuckery and airborne aids has accomplished that.
Figures we'd open flat when I set up a strangle at close
[deleted]
Peaceful riots staged with bricks and accelerant so they can destroy property faster. 

Yeah. So peaceful. 93% I bet that research wasnt partisan at all haha. 


The script is planned. The left has been trained to riot like animals. They've also been told they are winning. 

The silent majority is obv larger and sick of the riots. 

So...perfect storm has been created. It's the way this works.

Chess not checkers. 

Audit the Fed.
Better days ahead
This kinda shit is how people lose 100k in a day. I have no idea how someone could throw down thousands of dollars without bothering to understand, even on a basic level, what they're doing.
[deleted]
What should I watch on Netflix?
;//
If it’s not 5-10% of your portfolio, it’s not a YOLO.
Always set stop losses after you yolo your account
I've been in gym shorts for 7 months straight now
at least you got approved for that SPAM SPAM SPAM
[monke ](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJurK9VG/)🦍
We’ve got a whole Tyler Durden thing going on.

I am Jack’s WSB Alter Ego.
:-[
Not a fking bro... Sure sure. I have high end escort friends who say all of their clients are far from chads.
[deleted]
Welcome
Hahahaha yes
Market's rigged
[deleted]
This thread turns into nothing but baseless predictions by people who just need to assure themselves their options won't dump in the coming days.
“delicious! thanks,” said the 🐟 🐠 🐡.
[deleted]
give me some cheap options plays for tomorrow boys
and they paid a premium for them too.
Green is weak ass. Meaning bulls are weak ass. Go buy S%p500 futures if you are so bullish!
I mean at least the market would be predictable without worrying about your calls blowing up over a tweet.
Pence is a true FD
Partial lockdown for four weeks, but I think it was announced last week sometime, not sure.
Watch my SPY puts going to the fucking moon.
I never thought I would even remotely consider moving to Montana or Wyoming and buying a secluded cabin near a lake, but with how fast everyone’s adopted WFH and how shitty this climate is - zillow is my fucking google homepage.
... Consumers have had stagnant wages for 30+ years... This election won't change that...

Democrats and Republicans have been in office, nothing has changed on that front. That hasn't stopped the markets fucking rise over the years? 

Man... People love to think their party matters. Stocks go up. Period. Get the fuck over it.

It's like you can't see a graph of the stock market over time or something... Do you not have that access?
Single ply
You forgot lube
You only have savings because you didn’t have to pay for school lmao. Stop pretending like you’re not a toddler being carried through life
[deleted]
[removed]
Yes
Maybe man, no one knows but 🍊is already armed with lawyers and has the Supreme Court on his side, this is going to be so messy and can you imagine a possible civil war??
bro bro bro...i don't need escorts i want escorts, ok?
wow..
Do what you gotta do for that allowance. I have faith in your FDs bro
Two things to remember:

a.   Don't try to rationalise the market.  It doesn't usually make sense.

b.   Fundamentals will always rule at some points in time.  

🌈🐻
Baba
Canned corn, spam, canned tuna, canned chicken, ramen, coke and toilet paper.
>I still use RH to conduct my TA and for my daily charts. 

How the F do you even do TA on RH?
Just leave while you cAn man
🥚
Imagine being a 🌈🐻 and having to explain to your wife’s bf that you lost his money again after he told you 3x, no more chances. Smh.
A retard
Poor?
Fair. Floor is open technically, but yeah. It's like 1/3rd the size of LSE,  so maybe who gives a shit about Frankfurt.
puts

always puts

any puts

just

buy

puts
you’re just one egg. I’m *three fish*. let’s go 🤼‍♀️🤼🤼‍♂️
If you don't YOLO at least 5-10% of your portfolio this week on SPY calls/puts, you ain't \_\_\_\_\_\_\_
lol
I believed in the futures until I saw VIX futures down. Like actually thats so obviously the wrong direction of things in the next few days.
Europe set its clocks back a week ago.
Oh the pandemic that we've known about for a fucking year now?  Are you serious?
What's the name of this movie that the meme derived from?
Hahaha story of my life.
Nothing better than having to list my warrants and stock options on an application for food stamps.
📠
Plz pump.
Gigantoir, no!!
[deleted]
Spoiler alert,  blue wave Tuesday
Completely incorrect on the Democrats winning with a Republican Congress. There will be no stimulus in this scenario.
Bulls declaring victory with 8 hours left till market open 🤡
Why BABA?
Did we decide what we’re buying yet fellas?
Sponsored by: The Capricorn Stellium
oh im sorry is this weakass green supposed to scare my puts
Headline numbers and fear mongering... I can't even say more because nda but ya... If you think you can stop business that easily you're fucking retarded. Just buy your puts and stay under invested.

Just doubt the market. Every time a Democrat is in office. You pathetic stupid fucks who don't do this with all of your money and only casually tune in once in awhile fucking disgust me
They've been programmed to. 
This tells you who the people in charge will pick to win also. 
The group that has been programmed to riot all summer is the group that has been told they are winning in the polls. 

It's also the group thats going to cry and melt into a puddle of tears before they go start rioting again when their guy loses. 

The writing is on the wall. It's all there. 
We live in a script.
Stock market starting to look good to me!
:-)
Side note, gun stocks sky rocket when there’s riots playing out in the national media networks. Guess what’s going to happen if Trump wins? 

Businesses in blue cities aren’t boarding up in case Biden wins, they’re boarding up in case he doesn’t.
Franktfurt doesn't really open in 40 tho. Just premarket shit.
Bought these calls last week after the drop. Currently up 25% hopefully they continue to print

DAL $29 1/15/21

AAL $11.50 11/6/20
^(slv gang woo)
It’s pending.
And? That doesn’t make them anymore relevant, that just makes them sell outs.
if there was any week that bears could prob be like HUR DUR how could you not think we're not crashing down ... it's this week.  i've just been faked out too many times the last 6 months. civil unrest? spy 400.  and the rationale will probably be something super idiotic like nations falling and so the US market is the only safe haven.
Can anyone sleep?? I have work tomorrow but the anticipation for Tuesday is killing me
Lesson learned
Monday last pump. Shakeoff some puts.
the only things gayer than daylight savings time are the mods
Illuminati af
I think the market is more likely to consolidate the next two days then moon or tank
it’s a fucking cms, but then again facebook is just an app, tech bubble is real
He shouldn't have swiped that pic-a-nic basket.
Spy 305 11/6
You’re right that other guy has been watching fake news and is indoctrinated with some fucked thinking. You keep it up though bud
Darn they should do affiliate links
This is the best Reddit has to offer.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
The real war is the autists vs the dipshits. Don’t worry fellow autist, ignore the dipshit and do not pay him any mind and they will simply go away.
I actually expect earnings to be pretty solid in general for most of your listed names (except maybe AMC), but whether it will be good enough for the stock to rise is another matter.
Any related German news lately? UK will lockdown for a month.
I will report back to the council on Pluto. Bleep. Bleep.
Let me see your church attendance mister!
how the fuck have you existed for a month without me noticing
wrong ... flows are flowing into Asia
I think you are absolutely wrong. Therefore, you must without doubt be right. At least according to my empirical data
I’m gonna cum
The obvious argument to this from a one month short term perspective is that if trump wins there are definitely going to be riots nationwide and the news channels will definitely be showing them. Riots cause fear and fear sells guns. Short term gun stocks are a great play - long term bad play if trump wins so agree with you at least partially but disagree with you on timing. There’s usually not the potential for violent riots when a republican wins.
[deleted]
No they aren’t. Back spreads and short calendars have a short gamma long vega long theta profile

Vix does not measure gamma. It measures atm optionality on spx lol
*The night is dark and full or terrors*  
*Europe open will expose the horrors*
Oh it definitely is that from a lot of people. This place is toxic. But now it the market dips, I make money. Biden should easily win this election. However, Trump probably has something up his sleeve to make the transition take longer than it should. That’s why I’m betting all my trading $ against the success of the market lmao.
Why do you say credit spread will benefit from IV decline?  Don't spreads benefit mostly from delta while IV and theta of long leg almost negates the shirt leg?
[removed]
320 eod
Frankfurt in 40, London in 1h40m.
I like spearmint rhino the best.
this comment paid for by Pluto tv
Uh-oh, Yogi in trouble again huh?
So long $WOOD? 

Reminds me of hurricane season lmao
true

shit
market will open up to fuck puts, cause Cramer said to buy on Monday. Market tanks on Tuesday, cause Cramer said to buy on Monday.
old meme
Wise words from a wise man
i feel the right about of excited
That's the only position I can think of that's long theta and vega, long vega and long theta are usually opposites. And even with the short VIX put you're technically short volatility of volatility. Unless you got some kind of spread going for you
you shouldn’t talk about your mom like that
There it is again. Victim-hood at it’s finest. This is WSB you overly-sensitive fuck. Should I have sucked and swallowed a load from your China loving micro penis for posting a ridiculous article?
yes
no

3am
[deleted]
Name checks out
The Big Short is streaming on Pluto TV, and I'm just sitting here wondering what bullshit the MM's are pulling rn that we'll find out about in 5 years.
how do these get posted and not my posts
Up or down?
ESL
She'll surface these coming weeks lads...the white whale...the 100 bagger
does euro open at a different time cuz daylight savings
Bruh, everything is virtual. Gay4Pay is what’s up.
Quite literally, TikTok just paid me $200 today for one video
Wall sockets here, when I have the cash.
I’m with you I bought $30 Jan calls
Both
I’m saving myself for marriage
Thanks for answering, I'm going to have to read up on what you're talking about.
Yeah they would have to skip to the chapter:  what to do if we completely and utterly fail
>scared

>gun owner 

Sounds about white.

Edit: y’all is mad. When shit gets real neck beards on Reddit don’t have the capacity or real training to pull the trigger when it matters.
Buy iPhone 12 to support VIX!
[deleted]
Adderall pumps makes you cranky.
Bears really got too excited after buying puts Friday huh
Totally agree with you but the tax would definitely be enforceable at the point of sale in the form of a tax at the manufacturer level similar to how complete ar’s are taxed at an extra 11%.
bull for the first 3 hours and then some jnfamous tweets will drop the market again
Dd from. Tik tok. This guy makes. Fucking bank trust me.
I use the app for music it’s pretty good
why would you close the pornhub tab? you need it there and ready to go at all times for a speed fap in the car
he will win electoral and popular, ya derptard
-Gay biting into a man's ass
U r fuk
@FREE_FACTS
Vix measures atm optionality on spx. Why would I short financial derivatives on a financial instrument. Sounds too complicated for me
[deleted]
Ah makes sense.  I figured the autistic brigading from this sub was just you guys venting because the stock market dipped and you needed to let out some frustrations.
futures are cOnSoLiDaTiNg
NFLX landed right on major resistance Friday, who playing the bounce 👀
Report. Ban.
Most bulls on here need escorts but they too broke. 90% of this sub fuks uglies or is a virgin.
That's why you need to turn to grinder for money.
Jokes on them, my calls are all already down 90%
Same thing that happened to SolarCity...  imminent bankruptcy.
[deleted]
Someone upvote this man
oh well thats boring
These guys back in the day were the real OGs
6 month 300c calls will probably print
GTFO.
Expiration  of course.
[deleted]
That’s your opinion
Thank you for your words of wisdom great one 🙏🙏🙏
You're selling VIX puts?
euro stonks will dump and TSLA will moon
Wtf I just remembered I cant read, I actually got it from watching The Men Who Built America, it's on Amazon Prime

Great documentary series imo
You think a Beamer is a nice car LOOOOL, you deff think like a poor person
[removed]
Yes I know. I still don't see how that is relevant to a counter argument. That solidifies my argument. The Chinese government takes whatever they want.
Exactly. Mango supporters only read what they want to read. Were fucking light-years away from banning guns. Stupid statement.
Terrible take. US is poised to shut down next. Euro will just recover faster once again. People who actually want growth should throw their money at the Chinese markets.
Pretty sure most of those Latinos are Cubans and Puerto Rican’s
futes such a fucking tease
They do it with the 5G
😂 writes a snotty passive aggressive "rebuttal" then goes "I ain't mad bro" dumb shit
Definitely all in on fucking roblox 
This game trends on every device possible
Not to mention people spend more money  on items in this game than most of you would on call spreads it has like its own market of giga expensive items people autistically buy
Are these from Friday?
I'm pretty sure Paypal will have amazing earnings. Whether that makes the stock rise or not is another matter.
It has the satire flair for a reason
Comment history checks out.
[removed]
Yeah because 9 .22 rounds are as lethal as 9 7.62 rounds ffs 🤦‍♂️.
Water can flow... or it can crash
[removed]
Bulls in the hot tub with two bitches, bears forget to close the pornhub tab on their mobile device
[deleted]
Jaajajajajajajaja they'll fucking love you over in r/walmart
keep coping im almost there
Don’t fall for the trap at green open
Ban
[deleted]
The other guy mentioned mandatory quarantine which works for me I guess
Doing the opposite of the majority on here.
ohhh.. good on you then
Twitter will be interesting for 1 day
The dollar is really wanting to hit september highs. My puts like this.
Hey retard, did you forget your meds or did your autistic ass take to many? 
SPY 2700 1/1 🌈🐻 for life
Theta never wins. Short gamma, long vega, long theta wins rn

Sometimes long gamma short vega long theta wins.

But overall being net short on options never wins unless all your short contracts are covered. In which case, mark to market losses means just buying/short selling will be more profitable in direction plays
Infinite QE is a myth. If u haven’t figured that out, nvm
So like your calls, in the end you’re gonna be disappointed.
[deleted]
Damn right about that. I lost more than OP's entire account last Friday.
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** My Oct 30 $325 SPY Puts exploded on Wednesday. Yolo right? They expired worthless on Friday so..

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmh15z
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmh15z) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/beneye, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
dwm42
programmrz
Jack-Skinne
He’s a smart guy. Probably made a killing these past 2 weeks.
Did you really think an election meant stocks should go down? Or some stupid lockdown in not America? We've been mooning for months and now you want to worry about Corona again? Fuck off.
Good! Fuck guns. Small PP energy.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
I was told to post this here since my submission was removed. Not sure what was wrong with it

https://redd.it/jmhg7n
[deleted]
[deleted]
IV so high these tiny movements don’t mean shit until it hits +/- 1% at least. Until then it’s theta win right?
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Guys Invest Now!

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmgonj
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmgonj) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/XXTechSec, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Dan_inKuwait
Degen_Investor
AlwaysUpvotesCats
Jerhaad
Jack-Skinne
I always carry my big 🍆 gun in my pants. If that counts.
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Didn’t know your interpretation of “guns” is equal to only assault rifles
carlton fisk's great great great grandfather
mango looks evil even in republican ads

why cant they pick a better photo
[removed]
You’re thinking of it a bit too simply. I am hedged statically on one side and I am hedged dynamically on the other. On the dynamic side, I can trade spreads indiscriminately to be long or short gamma/vega whenever I see one is more profitable to trade
It is kinda fun.  My kids and I look forward to it all week.  Like waiting for something good to come in the mail.  

But, yeah, I don’t think I would want every show to do it.
obama had a red congress and we mooned under him. stocks dont care about the government, just as long as its not a threat to the stability of the nation
[removed]
Losing *. I’m not that smart.  Idk how I got a bachelors
Embarrassing to correct the guy who is actually fucking illiterate
Water is actually not wet
Retard go weee
Sick M4!!! One of the best
Bitch is hot
Yes, but I hope things might be better by EOY. AMD has to go to 85 by EOM. I won't be booking the ticket for EOM - maybe December end.
Let me tell you, it’s up to you.. let me give you an example, you could buy a rope and tightly tie it around your neck... you’ll be a dead 👨
here’s to another day of making all the wrong moves and losing money

🍻 boys
There are many potential negative things to come this week that aren't already "priced in". It's quite possible we do tank this week if some of those scenarios play out.
Looks like several billion in infrastructure improvements and new projects across several categories? I'm not sure what your point is, there's a list of projects on that link that have been greenlighted during this administration
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Do you guys think trump can still win the election.

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmh8m5
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmh8m5) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/birdy10007, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
hodl_for_the_moon
Jack-Skinne
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
[removed]
Dua lipa
You son of a bitch I’m in!
Verizon secretly controls the VIX=confirmed
What exactly should us retards do to become millionaires
Next black swan event is a solar flare that knocks out all our tech.
Link??
thailand won't accept u except for medical tourism i think.  go get a sex change while ur at it
similar to San Francisco
Not sure how you "loosing" 100K.
$ wasn’t the currency reserve you are comparing oranges to apple
Im not retarded enough to buy calls right now
Sometimes steaks. Calls on McD and Denny's, but only if the groundhog sees his shadow.
Haven’t been paying attention to solar.  What happened to sunrun.  Oof.
Yes.  It’s called a bubble
yikes
No. Its better than going to a 50k school with no scholarship for an art degree. 

OP is out of touch with the majority of people. However theres plenty of scenarios where you could have 100k by 25. I actually did this calculation the other day and 100k by 25 is retirement at 45 so i guess we did the same math. 

If you go to college for a degree thats 100k out of a masters or undergrad, you got 100k if you dont buy a 500k house with a 100k down. And at that point it doesnt matter

If you go to tech or community college or trade school, youre on pace as they are generally cheap. 

If you work through college you can graduate debt free. But rip the best years. 

If you do stay at home to save 15k a year, that will many people to the threshold.


But thats not reality. Half of women have kids before theyre 27. Everyone at my job has cars out of their budget. Half of them dont even contribute to their 401ks at best and these are college educated people.
There nothing up dude, all good, keep buying...please dude? Literally nothing is wrong bro I’m telling you...why would I lie?
Ooh, the libtard is pissed. This will calm him down

*throws social security*
Foreign money should flow into U.S. equities this week, no trust in Europe for the future - no growth, hardly any innovation, integration issues leading to lack of productivity, and now lockdowns. They’re all destined to become like Greece. U.S. is the only reliable western country at the moment, stocks should moon
Bye bye bears, nice try.
You mean the way TV has worked until like a couple of years ago? Why not?
[removed]
> play both sides

Lose money both ways understood.
Frankfurt open in 50 minutes. What're you all thinking? Europoors due to lockdowns, or eurorich because USA #1?
Won't even get one since it was removed...
Bovada has politics betting lines, looks like that's what OP is using. Yes it's legal, unless you're in WA, NY, or NJ.
Is that an actual handle or are you trolling
Lived to be 37 and was murdered? Ran away from school to join the circus? I've read like 25 seconds of his life and now I need to keep reading.
Because it was bearish for a couple of months and the MMs decided that was enough.
That's how it starts... Then the addiction kicks in and "let me just grab one small option" ends up with half my portfolio in weekly calls
[deleted]
If they were long dated calls around the mid day price of tesla, within a week you would of been in profit.
Yeah, you totally are.
  
Also, haven’t I read this exact comment before? Try for some originality.
I never said they were bad, but VIXY and VXX are a joke. Trade options in the actual instrument or put your money in shares in UVXY if you must. No reason to ever mess with the first two. Absolute trash
It’s funny how this has become an act of defiance and personally annoying as fuck - where not so long ago we were happy watching these series live during scheduled time slots jam packed with an ungodly amount of advertisements.
“Shall not be infringed”

*fortunate son plays*
Time to go to sleep 💤
I don’t know what this means... you’re saying that if I bet you $100, I can win $800?
#M E R I C A

🇺🇸 🦅 🇺🇸 🦅 🇺🇸
The political climate in this country makes me want to hang myself by my testicles
It’s already in his mouth
nope
Spoiler: it is 54 min long
[deleted]
Hmmm ?
-Guy biting into a sandwich
At the same time though inventories are low but prices have doubled on a lot of ar platforms. Guns that typically go for $799 in store with a $999 msrp are currently going for $2000+. Platforms like the Springfield armory saint usually go for under $1000 and the absolute minimum price I’ve seen over the past four months from a place with it actually in stock has been closer to $1400 - just checked and they’re going for $2000 from the only place in stock. Not counting broker sites since those are mostly resale markets and the manufacturers don’t get anything out of that. Ammo prices have done the same thing and you can’t even get the primers or other materials needed to self reload. 


If Biden wins his proposed $200 tax/fine on all firearms and high capacity magazines will be a key selling point for the gun industry to raise prices further and moon (one of the main reasons anyone who owns a firearm and is middle class is unlikely to vote for him). If trump wins then at least through January the same thing will happen from all the crazy people rioting and everyone buying even more guns - just look at all the cities boarding businesses up in blue areas right now, that’s not being done in case Biden wins. 


Literally smartest thing you can do right now is buy gun stocks like $RGR (whose ar-556 platform is one of the only ones that’s been kept in stock pretty well due to their manufacturing capability so they can in fact continue to make sales). Go look at places like rural king who actually keep their inventory levels up to date and you’ll see why ruger is a good bet - they’re the only ones able to keep stuff in stock.
You might be in a mandatory 2 week quarantine if you fly to Thailand from the US.
[removed]
Obama/Biden had a pandemic playbook. I imagine we'd just start there
Sure, but how much is that a function of your bias and incomplete information?

I'm a moderate living in a very liberal area, my dad fucking loves Trump.  When we talk politics, I've never heard of half the things he claims the left believes.  For those that are true, 90%+ of people I've met believe them to 1/10 the degree that he thinks.  Except hating Trump, that's about dead on.

Speaking of riots and bias, [93% of protests were peaceful, but 42% of people polled believed most people protested with the intent to incite violence](https://time.com/5886348/report-peaceful-protests/).  Nevermind weird shit that was widely reported by protestors and barely, if at all by news outlets like random pallets of bricks nearby protest sites and a flooding of people from out of town.

One thing Trump got right: the mainstream media is bullshit.  Where he's wrong is that Fox is included in this.  We're in a shitty spot right now where all widely consumed news is extremist, the loudest voices are extremists, and the silent majority is moderates who just want to get past the bullshit.

TLDR: We'll definitely see protests if Trump gets elected, but I doubt there will be much if any rioting.  I will expect riots if Biden is reported as the winner and Trump doesn't step down.
[deleted]
idk Verizon’s a solid company you should just long it
I love this sub.
Let me guess, to buy puts
well, technically he never saw the p, so who knows..
Europe should dump...therefore it must moon 🤔
Huh?
Calls on everything
This would hit me hard, but I have never been illiterate.
poopy dookie hole
Is this some sort of peasant language I'm too rich to understand?
Why is the stock market this bullish
Fair enough. I did go overboard for sure.

BUT. I will counter with this. If you think BOTH sides are equal, you really do have your head up your ass too far, and might as well be Sig Heiling your God Emperor. It's the same thing.
Mmm but 50 call hurt the home
Fr? I feel like working at the hut is worse. I never get weekends off
Taken literally directly from his site. 

As president, Biden will:
Ban the manufacture and sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
Oh shit, slay is even worse.  I’m fully triggered...
Not the amount, got sued and wage garnished, then went to lawyer and POOF back to 0.
RemindMe! 1 month
SPY
Any handles? Appreciate it
What day should I hold 11/6 VXX 27c till?
and what has that so-called policy accomplished?
Are we talking 6 figures?
they have pizza hut in whales?
I’m pretty sure Biden will show up to my house in person but I’m ready for him if you know what I mean

🔫🔫🔫
no, is there a live stream?
Always been always will
It's time for EU to dump.
Not the amount, got sued and wage garnished, then went to lawyer and POOF back to 0
Gold and silver up in tandem with the dollar.... 

all year this has been inversely correlated like crazy.
Is there a movie or not? I’m not reading
Does that mean two different strangles, with different expirations? Mind telling me what you did/will set up?
3 bananas
When you make a shitty meme and your inner thoughts tell you to spam the r/wallstreetbets subreddit
Based?
Get the $10 special and make it stuffed crust, it comes out to $13. Get sausage, pepperoni, and malone
Yeah I made money fuckface. Sorry to break it to ya
I mean I’m all for it. But good luck enforcing that. South Korea is a completely different culture where strategies like that work. 

I’d look back to what the experts were saying about stopping the spread back in March. Which was we had a limited time, and I think that time has passed. Mask mandates and other measures to slow spread until hopefully vaccine comes down (if that even helps).
When do we get a grinder Uber colab? So I can order some 🌈 to be delivered.
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJurCUWm/
If AMD goes to 85 before the EOM, I'll book a flight to Tailand and will share a video with the manliest gogo girl saying something wsb related.

Unlike that Eurropoor cuck who wanted to have his first sex with TSLA gains, I'll actually do it because I stand to make 20-25k if that happens, am gonna lose my job soon and haven't been on a trip since covid started :(
Who opened at 1am EST
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJurp2W8/
You never go broke claiming a profit is the mantra I use. It really does no good to agonize over what could've happened. It is the fuel for greedy moves that will kill you
Ozarks, Money Heist and House of Cards is pre good, started before I found out about Spacey but he is a damn good actor. Queen of the South. All these are good shows
true
Slay queen
Yo i just read about Jim Fisk and Jay gould. These motherfuckers literally printed common shares on a company Vanderbilt was trying to hostile takeover. They fleeced him out of 7 million dollars which today is a whole billion. 

These motherfuckers literally printed a billion dollars, they are the original autists.
.26%
Please explain
No the premiums to buy the option
God emperor? Hey retard, you have a flair so you should know but let me remind you. Users don’t pick their flairs. All you fucking retards see my flair and either immediately your blood boils with rage or get an erection by it. 

I was literally only talking about his basketball skills improving since that old video of him missing almost every shot he took and you all start reeeeeeeing by a mod given flair. Both sides are pitiful as fuck.
ETFs are good my guy
Until it turns red that is :D
"Yeah I've made good gains with options, there's a lot more depth and strategy to them than buying shares"

*loses every trade but got lucky on one YOLO FD*
Well, Europe is locking down
Fantasize
*this guy doesn’t read Biden’s policies/plans* *this guy probably can’t read*
I’m a bear 🐻and a bull when needs bee 🐝.
Dude bank teller positions pay shit, like seriously. It may look good on your resume but you're better off working at pizza hut.

Source: i worked for a couple banks
Futures are green  !!!!!!  Al hamdulilah ☝🏽
[deleted]
Conflicted: I want to watch the new episode of Mandalorian but also don’t want to support the weekly episode-drop model.
It’ll feel like that when bulltards have been ravaged for the past couple of months...
Thanks sis
Nio 420 funding secured
I think this means we’re number one MERICA 🇺🇸 🦅 caw caw!!
Uvxy
Mainly just that guy who posts the Bloomberg terminal messages
Facts.

I've posted on reddit before saying stuff like renting properties and building equity is a great way to get rich long term and I got downvoted by a brigade of people saying that it's not profitable and you won't make money this way.

Lmfao
Imagine being so insecure that anytime someone disagrees with what you said, you perceive them as being angry or out to get you. You should work on that if you want a career my dude.
So you’d rather take it in the ass then give it?
I voted for Biden today lmao. Just cause I poke fun at the turmoil in that sub doesn’t mean I’m a complete idiot lmao.
I dont
I just make a new account 
And use Amazon household sometimes
I have so many debt and credit cards that they wont give a shit and flag me
Free trial resets every year so i only need like 12 accounts at most
People also buy guns if there is a international pandemic.
Yup
“girlfriend”
I've never had Pizza Hut before. Any good? Give me some recommendations if so
I like it
a furry orgy
Silver mooning 🦍🥈🦍🥈
Friendship ended with Tesla. Now Nio is my new best friend
This sub full of betas that lack conviction.  Market goes down, they buy puts. Market goes up, switch to calls. 
And apparently they like calling each other “king”.
Free Facts
after it starts to settle
[removed]
Any summary?
$500 says Biden wins.  You taking that bet, or is your confidence all bullshit?
Priced in replies coming in 3...2...
Logically, but logic doesn’t hit you till your loosing money.
   #
Whats the current market rate for a guy on grinder? I need money
Dude fr he tweets 1000 times a day
They can smd
ban this pls
If every does this we will get struck in 2008 for very long time.
take off your mask solitaryegg!
🏳️‍🌈🐻
😂
Realistically it'll be more of the same. The federal government can enact a nationwide mask mandate but who's enforcing that in bumfuck nowhere? Are we going to lock people up for not wearing masks? We might get more restrictions and federal requirements for businesses (like Biden's plexiglass requirement for restaurants) but if these are on top of local and state requirements you'll see an even higher failure rate of restaurants and other service/tourism businesses as they're struggling to stay open as is.
Jesus christ, have you guys seen DC? It looks like a war is ready to break out. Rip stock market
For real
Yeah I would hold and sell at 5
Unnecessary? American companies were closing left and right, And everything you wrote is wrong trump did more for the american companies than obama ever did.
my last gf wanted it in the ass more than pussy. most here would probably like that, but i think it should be treated as a special occasion..not the default. also, i have spy puts.
Now its custom here that we honor all debts. For you. 8-1 . O/U 400k on the tally
Imma need RKT to live up to its name
Kind of interesting USD is up while futures are up
Yolo man, yolo everything you got. You’ll be able to buy a mansion soon or a cardboard box.
That’s good guys, don’t touch anything until Wednesday. We only buy at near the top, it makes no sense to buy when there is fear and uncertainty
This pump started last minute on Friday. Drill team at middle of day will be interesting. Although I think Tuesday and Wednesday will be the real tests.
I mean he is definitely not wrong guys. I don’t think he is saying psth will bomb, just that most spacs are trash.
Just fucking stop being selfish morons and follow the Asian way. Not rocket science.
Can some of you impatient fucks not wait two days for election results or do you really feel the need to spew your political bs here?
Honestly I position everything for next week and into Christmas. The reason is today and tomorrow will probably price in some overreaction. So I probably wouldn't touch anything expiring this week, if you plan to get in tomorrow morning. 

Next week until January will give people time to react and absorb reality.
I love how people keep saying Trump contests the results. Odds are the election is close and *Democrats* contest the results as they have been since the day orange man bad got elected. 

The real danger is that trump put in his Supreme Court nominee and if it does go to the courts people will literally burn down cities.
Infinite QE argues otherwise
Tqqq like a man
If Trump loses, he's going to salt the country.
Looks like puts r fucked tomorrow
The market touched me in my no no place on sept 2nd
[deleted]
Love dkng and crwd
damn havent heard that name in forever. newegg was the shit in 2005
Stay at Pizza Hut since your asking for life advice on a wsb weekly thread.
You gotta get 50% and then you're good for the week :)
Yeah but imagine the panic selling if a lot of pictures with that sign started popping up without context 😬
Keep it mind its not that far off March lows. It never had the massive rally spy did. Its one year change is -24%.
It will be extremely red by open. Euros will make sure of it. Anyone who is a bull right now going into this week has to be absolutely insane. Bubble go pop.
I thought maybe having mango man on twitter would be a quick heads up about potential market moving off the cuff tweets. I’ve never had more notifications in my life. There goes that idea.
Youtube premium is gonna do okay I think. Moderate calls on Google.
Putson DAX
>So there isn’t really a strategy to be honest.

this is the way
This would hit close to home, if I could afford a house.
I’m not sure what this means. But feel free to dm if you have questions about options 🌝
ty king
Who do you guys follow on Twitter. I like Mancini and Paul Revere. Tic is trash. Anyone else that’s sharp?
if biden wins im just going to all in baba calls and go to sleep
National mask mandate, like every other country lol.  Then more contact tracing and testing... see any other country. It’s not hard just needs basic leadership
100%
Dude i feel like people who buy this stuff are masochists 
They must really love getting bullied wearing this merch
Thanks queen
Get into VIX and quit playing with these stupid ETNs and ETFs
Oof goodbye your account
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** Call me an entrepreneur

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmhr9a
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmhr9a) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/BigGuy84, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
Dan_inKuwait
dwm42
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Kroger announced their pharmacies will be doing antibody testing soon. So it’d be nice to know if a bunch of us are immune and not have to worry about it.
It might jump this week. All Green!📈💴💵💶💷💸
More lockdowns, bullish.
I thought we weren’t touching this whole month?? 🚫 🥜
You didn’t tell the public what I told you to say? Ya fired. 


Hey look, Gyna communism bad.
might be my favorite upvote of all time. keep coming to it
[deleted]
Rona is surging so much it won't cause much of an impact beyond what's already going on. 

Election is 1000% more likely to fuck with the market right now.
So you can still hold house in Florida after filing for bankruptcy?
I see. I'm still in the poor zone for making more frequent actively-managed plays, at least for a week-to-week basis. Getting close though.
Ooh good luck with that one.
If you’re not balls deep in an election play, then you ain’t black!
People that refer to others as “king” are bottom feeders.
SPY 350 12/31 RKT 25 12/18
That’s xenophobic
No need to panic sell your PUTS at open kids.

Just be patient and wait for initial volatility to shake out
touching my pp
[deleted]
Hennything is possible.
Social justice police 🚔 patrolling the dangerous waves 🌊 of Internet
stonks only go up tho
Y’all are retards
Instructions unclear got my dick stuck in my cellmate
How the hell we gonna copy that plan on America? Realistically.
They can’t take money back but can’t they take car away after filing bankruptcy?
Tik tak I thought that’s one fancy way of saying tiktok for a sec
Anyone else not touching anything until Wednesday/Thursday?
It’s actually exactly what it is. The expected move is 1 standard deviation. Lol. What do you think sigma is??
Seriously, people think it's a joke. The worst outcome is literally a Biden win, without a sweep in congress. It's not a Biden or Trump vicotry, both are relatively stable for traders or at least moderately predictable for traders. However, Biden win without a sweep is fucked because obstructionism is unpredictable, and this outcome is a real possibility.
VXX skyrockets tomorrow
No. He has a plan that you can read on his website. 

Trump on the other hand...
Woah what is this place
next year
I’m tired of my Pizza Hut job the only reason I stay is because I can chill in the back and listen to podcast. But it’s time to look for a job in my field. What job should I look for? I want to get a bank teller job as a start but there’s no open positions in my area. 

Any of you cucks with a Finance/Econ degree have any job recommendations? I’m still in my second year of college so there’s that.
Stonks only go up.
And huffing a can of paint is both an activity and a position
I don’t think you should yolo children even if they’re three

It’s a tough age but you’ll get through it
? The data suggests it’s close... how is it in the bag ?
Et al.
It was actually pretty funny when they went up a ton shortly after Harris was announced as the VP for Biden
Only if you're Trevor Milton. In this case, you can be sure that everything moves downhill.
Everyone knows that they don’t know when it’s coming, Putlosi said last week and now munchkin is saying 2021 at the earliest. Lmao, what will be the new pump news this week? Civil unrest not as bad as expected😂
Always do the opposite of common sense.  Election uncertainty, European Covid lockdowns, double top, tech breakdowns...all bearish.  Market moons
Way ahead of you . Tesla 420 11/7
Cash is the way.
going to start wheeling. thoughts of Pltr, dkng, crwd? maybe rkt
So many Trump bros ignore these facts
If you bought nov 2 calls your an idiot.
Isn't that a good thing tho? The next generation will remember going to GameStop same as a lot of us remember it from our childhood and we're yolo'ing our portfolios into it 😂 I think it's a good thing tbh
It feels like a bunch of them are in here rn.
RIP
Say hello to volatility for me
I make money holding puts for under 15 minutes and calls for non-meth timeframes.
LLIT is becoming Newegg. I bought a lot of shares Friday
It boggles my mind how FTSE futures are still 0.4% down even after the news over the weekend that they are going under a second lockdown and Prince William having Covid
This is the way
I'm all cash. Just waiting on those sweet sweet deals.
Bankrupt over a 59k debt?
What the fuck?
tripling expected move isn't equivalent to 3 sigma.  20 cent fact check ftw
the democrats will weld us into our houses like they did in china
Truth. March was looking like 1987 until JPow made the dollar so worthless that the stock market looks like it’s up, but in reality our money is just worthless and takes two dollars instead of just one to buy the same asset.
Isn't it delisted?
[deleted]
Front page fuckwits
Water is wet
Should I yolo my 3 year old once up 300% to now only up 25% acct on spy puts expiring after the election

Felt great at 300% but 3 years and 25%... I'm just wondering if I should just blow it up and start over
We're about to get a stimmy.
So you’re saying it’s gonna go up for a bit still.. just in time to sell the call I got on Friday *whew*
You are an idiot for not selling at a profit. 

The market has been kangaroo for a while. What did you expect to happen ?
VXX to 50$
It seems logical to root for a market crash honestly
We have already acknowledged a few things, they will release stimulus instantly they dont want this shit dead,
If it does we know the obvious plays, and get rich as fuck 
Not to mention possibility of negative interest rates.
If they do none of this and it crashes we get deflation and our money is worth more wins all across
I have the app but can’t find it
stay away. it's a beta dnc circle jerk echo chamber
Mods are gay
Trxmp
Dynamic hedging. If you cover the call or put side with shares/shorted shares(static hedge) you can trade down or up gamma and down or up vega with volatility spreads(dynamic hedge).
I agree 100%. Excited for your play tomorrow!
See South Korea
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infrastructure_policy_of_Donald_Trump

Literally one Google search to debunk your first line.
LOOL damn that sarcasm is savage 🤣
I'll give you good odds. Who you want?
Gotta place it just right in the bull
Biden wins means delay to stimulus. But stable gains over the long run.

Trump wins means bigly gains in the short run, leading to an eventual bubble bursting. 

Basically ride your gains for round 2, or reposition for the long haul on the reset.
Yeah I think it took about 2 months after ordering before my family member’s gun finally was ready for pickup
He can’t ask for a recount in a blowout.
Probably until election is resolved.
u forgot the negative in front
The S&P moved almost triple the expected move. Don’t chime in with your .2 fact checks 😆
go jerk your peen
No
i dunno man this market feeds off momentum more than anything...
This double top will drop, history always repeats itself. There are legit no positive catalysts in this massive bubble.
just buy tvix and enjoy the RiDe
ANT IPO hype and singles day event
Honest question. Joe said that Trump has failed us with covid. So if he wins what is his plan? Just more closing down?
Everyone knows stimmy is coming right after the election regardless of who wins. That's why we aren't blood red.
Went from chapter 7 to a 726 credit score in 25 months....
Trump will sign a dem stimmy bill.  He'll do it fast

McConnell will not pass any stimmy if he is leading a lame duck senate.
free the kush tho
Obvi. I’m just saying it wouldn’t be me. 🤷🏻‍♂️
[deleted]
You mean grow grass greener
👁 🙏
$DKNG sports book
Scenario 1:
Biden wins
Trump questions election even though huge margin
Trump refuses to do anything any more but bitch for 2 months 
No stimulus no vaccine no market pumping he will be looking for a place to live in Moscow

Scenario 2:
Trump wins by small margin 
Too many questionable calls in swing states
Protest protest protest
Right and left violence 
Trump hides in bunker White House puts up huge walls
Market doesn’t like it 

Either case market is taking a dump this week

Spy 250 puts up my ass
last week was not a 3 sigma move
Dildoes Cum (in) Ass
It’s one big circle jerk but it’s my circle jerk.
Is there really a way to bet $$ on the election??
How do you short gamma and long vega? Hedge credit spreads with long vol products? Edit: Without becoming too flat
Bezos got some sweeet fucking deals on those trucks.
Repeat until “sufficiently leveraged for my personal risk tolerance”
It's easy not to worry when I've already lost all my money on everyone's retarded dd!

Sending my prayers to JPow for the rest of you.
The market knows it’s coming.
thank you, i made sure to add a note to your name so i dont take any of your advice
Wow the mental gymnastics, lmao. /r/convservative might make you a mod after reading this thread. 

Never mentioned Nazis, you did, never mentioned genocide, you did, never mentioned murder, you did. Maybe you should just do a simple google search for the word "subhuman" and it's definition instead of throwing that Qanon hat on and trying to link it to whatever it is you are trying to link it to.

You're kinda embarrassing, even for a conservative.
Create a synthetic by selling a put and buying a call atm
Because based on all the bad news bears expected us to tank this week, they don't understand we already knew the news last week so it's priced in.
Nice, cheers fellow autist
I have never made money on puts.
And I am holding spy and ccl puts expiring this friday and next friday. I was thinking, maybe finally I'll make money this time around with my puts, but looking at these futures and the death of vix, I am not so sure.

Need Europoors to dump
lol imagine believing this
Damn right.
You find a friend to bet against, do it the old way
i feel sorry for u. eating pussy and making a woman cum is one of life's greatest joys.
Bears gonna be left holding their dick and staring at the bedroom lightbulb again.
If ba ends green it'll be a miracle

Or any boomer stock

Don't get my hopes up futes
Yes. I know but I don't see your point. Chinese billionaires disappearing is the reason alot of wealhy chinese live abroad.  CCP owns most companies in China of any good value under shell companies. It is well known. They do this so they can deny they control them like Huawei.
My apologies, I forgot which sub I was in.

Your absolutely write.
Or or someone’s clearly violating the rules of this sub and doesn’t care. No one wants to hear his political opinions. R/politics exists for people like you and him.
At worst there will be a short term rally when dealers take of their hedges
Tfw Kanye wins
Yep, this place is just an echo chamber for your bias. If it’s what you want to hear you’ll upvote. If not, downvote to make yourself feel better.
[deleted]
You know bulls have had a rough go of it recently when they are this excited about +0.3% futures at 1am
Crazy Nancy held back stimulus just to sway the election, after it's over everyone will want a stimmy.
Have you even seen your God Emperor even throw a basketball correctly?
This but without the /s
Great question! I've been doing a bunch of backtesting with this strategy - you can see how it works across hundreds of trades - [https://www.tradingview.com/u/makuchaku/#published-charts](https://www.tradingview.com/u/makuchaku/#published-charts)
I thought about saying this once. U win
VXX (or UVXY if you're feeling saucy)
The market doesn't care who the next president will be. Only the stimulus matters
I'm worried for their mental health on Tuesday
[deleted]
Do the chinks buy that shit? If yes then im in. If not, then gold aint it
Lmao fuck
Eyes on the price... Double comma club
Sell naked strangles on Russell futures.
Retarded question, but what ticker mimics VIX and is very liquid? I haven’t been able to find shit on TDA
If the market ain’t green go serve the fiends
You could be the bot that makes those headlines.
[deleted]
I would say so except the market is fucking reckless and it will do whatever it wants
Is this my account?
Why we cant we dress that nicely
Most people now a days wear a print t and some baggy shorts
Barely anything has changed since Friday's close. And Europe is up next. Why are you so happy?
Now that's how you fucking summarize.
valid
Just don’t look at them 😉.
Futures all going back to the start of today. Pretty much a restart and flat. Tomorrow will be choppy no doubt.

Then again... same thing happened last Thursday with flat futures... and Friday went full on blood red 🤔
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** 🐻 's dreams are made of these, who is WSB to disagree?

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmhg7n
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmhg7n) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/HandHoldingClub, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
alphabluepiller
dwm42
I'm not creeping some guy's page lol
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
Politics subreddit is pretty gay, I have never seen so many people sucking each other off
Yeah you know, sample size 1 means that it's the undisputed truth of what happens everywhere.
Bulls win 9/10 but that 1 time they win they are reward a lot. So if you flip at the right time you mega win
This is why your wife doesn't respect you.
What if it didn't?
Good god man.
2 grams of coke? That’s not even an 8 ball.
Stock markets rise as Trump second term continues favorable conditions to big business and low taxes. 

Stock markets rise as Biden presidency brings hope for increased stimulus and economic recovery.
Is this stream of consciousness ?Wtf are you saying
Scared money don’t make money
Or a half or what?
I only have puts lol. May the best position win. Let's have a clean fight.
You have to bring your plants in at night?  Sounds like a hassle, damn.
[deleted]
>My new strategy, buy high sell higher. Literally can’t go tits up

wise, very wise
[deleted]
You know damn well the answer soldier
What the absolute fucking fuck did I just read?
But short gamma, long vega, long theta 🥰
For a qp???
Scared money don’t make money.
Always buy the dip 😅☺️
Brr
[deleted]
[deleted]
Here to confirm my bias.
Fucking cash gang bro just go to the bar it’s cool see you in the casino tuesday ok
It is and was most definitely a melt up.
😂

Imagine when their entire personality is based on hating mangoman
this one might go to the Supreme Court
Correct. I'm a share bagholder who honestly doesn't want to hold anything right now but it's already too late to sell, I refuse to sell at a loss.
Lol that’s what happen when your down 99%. You only do half the job..
**A Submission was Spammed by Vote**
___
**Title:** The election play

**URL:** https://redd.it/jmhezb
___
[Click Here to Vote to Approve](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=WSBVoteBot&subject=restore&message=jmhezb) if this is a good submission.

Hey /u/alphabluepiller, you're encouraged to copy and paste the approval link into the Daily Discussion thread for help restoring your post.

Users who Voted:
alphabluepiller
Thebush121
Stop posting this bullshit.
Eh beginning was good, then it just lost steam halfway through the moat explanation. 

I like the Tina Belcher'y voice tho
Sorry, your post has been removed by vote. Please don't delete the post if you think it's not spam as it may be approved later.

___

You can either contact moderators or vote to restore this thread and punish the volunteer moderators responsible for spamming your post in the daily [WSBVoteBot action log](https://www.reddit.com/user/WSBVoteBot/posts?sort=new).
3 sigma very spooky. The kind of moves that keep thetagang up at night. Obliterates monthlies too.
Call each other retards and lose money
[deleted]
I’m holding stocks too. I don’t think holding long term is a bad idea at all, just be careful with options.
Thought so.
Imagine angrily lashing out because you're unable to admit that US has as much fraud as China. There are hundreds more examples.
[deleted]
He misinterpreted a confusing study about restaurant dining and covid spread where masks were asked about. Sure, he spread misinformation but I think more than likely he's not a scientists and he misinterpreted rhe study.

They even say in the article you linked how the study could be misinterpreted.

>A key problem with the “masks don’t stop the spread” claim: The data was self-reported through phone surveys. In other words, people told the interviewers about their mask use; it wasn’t observed through video monitoring.
“You can imagine that there may be some inaccuracies in the reporting of it,” Rice said.

The cdc also said masks aren't intended to protect the wearers.


>The CDC guidance on masks says wearing a mask is intended to protect other people in case the mask wearer is infected. “At no time has CDC guidance suggested that masks were intended to protect the wearers,” the agency spokesperson said in the statement.


So again how could trump have stopped the spread? 

European countries had strict lockdown and mask rules and they are having a large second wave.
Ditch the bitch
My iPhone 12 pro is back ordered by a month.
Tesla $395C 11/21 down 30% come back this week
So it goes up 1% tomorrow goes down 1% Tuesday and goes down 1% Wednesday and gaps up 1% Thursday and flat Friday? Got it!
[deleted]
So what do y’all do here?
0.25%
Thanks!!! Needed to hear that.
Im canadian so to me this is practically a ufc match
QQQ PTON short
BABA long
[deleted]
Its like 0.36% green. Take it in without the uv protection, champ.
There was a melt up of 65% from low to ATH in under 212 days on the S&P

if that isnt a fooking melt up. someone please let me know
Yet you accused the right of being Nazis and you are calling people subhuman which created the basis for genocide.  Are you for or against murdering those the disagree with you?
Open green, drill team entering middle of day, panic sell, bounce and we end up flat. Real sink come Tuesday or wednesday. Algo leaked info.
Unable to properly crop a picture? Ban.
False
because there is no catalyst to push it up and billionaire hedge funds trying to keep the price down
[deleted]
no ones gonna sell unless we start like flash crashing to 300 lmao.  everyone learned their damn lesson with trying to get out and time the bottom in march.  the DCA folks will not be phased.  not that they even move the markets.

nobody buying either -_-
They literally gave them free money all last week and last month and the month before wtfff
yes
That's a margin call
Sorry but I think your wrong. I’m not two sure but you’re is supposed too be possessive like you’re yogurt and your is supposed two be like you’re are. I’m not to sure though.
Flair checks out.
14 / your daddy / your moms house
Asking people in r/politics how many times they voted so far did not go well. They seem more scared than bulls are for Monday.
no
A hedge fund selling most options will sell to an options dealer as well, who has no interest in exposure to the underlying (in part due to regulation, but also because they’re not scuicidal). 

Obviously, option dealers can and do lose when the underlying moves abruptly, since they can’t place an infinite number of trades to perfectly gamma hedge. The important thing to understand though, is that for the most part, options trades (longs and shorts) have a delta-neutral party on the other end. That’s the root of concepts like MM gamma exposure
your vxx calls r fuk
5 - GUH
Starting a new job next week, and I can't decide whether I want to pull out of the market completely for two weeks, or YOLO it all on SPY puts and see what happens
[deleted]
maybe you just need regular glasses
Same though
CHYNA
Here me out. What if. I know this sounds crazy. But what if...a contested election, no stimulus and potential lockdowns got priced in when the S&P plunged in a 3 sigma move last week.
I sub to max pain theory. last two weeks especially friday. bulls kept getting cucked at night and then got the red dildo during the day. I just have a feeling it's bears turn next. I'm hedged a couple calls and sitting on some cash for another play tomorrow.
>	So buy gun and ammo ~~stocks?~~

FTFY
Scripted. He thought was soooo cool 🤡 who tf does he think he is
Looks like we pumping today 🤠
Then why was the market mooning before Trump staged his fight back?
Run up before europoors pull a Lusitania and sink this bitch!
Are you saying I can buy a rolls Royce for $1522 after election ?
Please let me recover losses from last week and I will quit calls. Share gang
5. Buy hundreds of iPhones 

6. Apple stock price goes up

7. ????

8. Profit
no positions or anything related to market? banz
Nope, they will pump it after the election
Yeah but its not hard to figure it out. Oil will tank with a biden win. And it might rise a bit but I doubt it will moon with a trump win. It will prob moon when the pandemic  is declared over.
The expected move on the SPY this week is $16...that’s massive lol, kinda crazy
😴
> your

you’re*
daaaaaaaaammnnn that's cold
Selecting our pronouns?? Are you threatened by trans/gay people now?? Scared they will put their weenie in your bum hole??  No man, woman, or tranny wants to fuck you bro don’t worry
#thefirstautist
It’s the oldest trick in the jewery, if you catch my drift.
If there was ever time travel then Tuesday has to be one of those, let me go back and bare witness to the chaos, type of days  that you can purchase.
[deleted]
Good choice
RemindME! 2 days “reply to this thread”
You are the funniest fuckers on the inter webs
I'm  going to by at the money solar puts. I expect trump to win and the inflated solar spike to fall flat like a cloudy day.


Not saying who should win. Or that solar is bad. Just... what I expect the market to do.
[deleted]
Went on the zero hedge and didn’t feel the fear. Bull Gang let’s goooo
[deleted]
That’s like not voting
Idiots? You mean people who actually want a president to produce and don’t give a flying fuck what he tweets.
Trumps 4 years in office:

Issued an executive order requiring the Secretaries of Defense, Homeland Security, and Veterans Affairs to submit a joint plan to provide veterans access to access to mental health treatment as they transition to civilian life. 
* Because of a bill signed and championed by Trump, in 2020, most federal employees will see their pay increase by an average of 3.1% — the largest raise in more than 10 years.
* Trump signed into law up to 12 weeks of paid parental leave for millions of federal workers. 
* Trump administration will provide HIV prevention drugs for free to 200,000 uninsured patients per year for 11 years. 
* All-time record sales during the 2019 holidays.
* Trump signed an order allowing small businesses to group together when buying insurance to get a better price
* President Trump signed the Preventing Maternal Deaths Act that provides funding for states to develop maternal mortality reviews to better understand maternal complications and identify solutions & largely focuses on reducing the higher mortality rates for Black Americans. 
* In 2018, President Trump signed the groundbreaking First Step Act, a criminal justice bill that enacted reforms that make our justice system fairer and help former inmates successfully return to society. 
*The First Step Act’s reforms addressed inequities in sentencing laws that disproportionately harmed Black Americans and reformed mandatory minimums that created unfair outcomes. 
*The First Step Act expanded judicial discretion in the sentencing of non-violent crimes. 
*Over 90% of those benefitting from the retroactive sentencing reductions in the First Step Act are Black Americans. Freeing 90,000 Black Americans.  
* The First Step Act provides rehabilitative programs to inmates, helping them successfully rejoin society and not return to crime. 
* Trump increased funding for Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) by more than 14%. It also made it so they didn't have to come back to DC every year and beg for funding.  
* Trump signed legislation forgiving Hurricane Katrina debt that threatened HBCUs. 
*New single-family home sales are up 31.6% in October 2019 compared to just one year ago. 
*Made HBCUs a priority by creating the position of executive director of the White House Initiative on HBCUs.
* Trump received the Bipartisan Justice Award at a historically black college for his criminal justice reform accomplishments. 
* The poverty rate fell to a 17-year low of 11.8% under the Trump administration as a result of a jobs-rich environment. 
* Poverty rates for African-Americans and Hispanic-Americans have reached their lowest levels since the U.S. began collecting such data.
* President Trump signed a bill that creates five national monuments, expands several national parks, adds 1.3 million acres of wilderness, and permanently reauthorizes the Land and Water, Conservation Fund. 
*Trump’s USDA committed $124 Million to rebuild rural water infrastructure. 
*Consumer confidence & small business confidence is at an all-time high. 
*More than 7 million jobs created since the election. 
* As of 2019 more Americans were employed than ever recorded before in our history. 
*More than 400,000 manufacturing jobs created since his election. 
*Trump appointed 5 openly gay ambassadors. * Trump ordered Ric Grenell, his openly gay ambassador to Germany, to lead a global initiative to decriminalize homosexuality across the globe. 
* Through Trump’s Anti-Trafficking Coordination Team (ACTeam) initiative, Federal law enforcement more than doubled convictions of human traffickers and increased the number of defendants charged by 75% in ACTeam districts. 
* In 2018, the Department of Justice (DOJ) dismantled an organization that was the internet’s leading source of prostitution-related advertisements resulting in sex trafficking. 
* Trump’s OMB published new anti-trafficking guidance for government procurement officials to more effectively combat human trafficking. 
* Trump’s Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Homeland Security Investigations arrested 1,588 criminals associated with Human Trafficking. 
* Trump’s Department of Health and Human Services provided funding to support the National Human Trafficking Hotline to identify perpetrators and give victims the help they need. 
* The hotline identified 16,862 potential human trafficking cases. 
* Trump’s DOJ provided grants to organizations that support human trafficking victims – serving nearly 9,000 cases from July 1, 2017, to June 30, 2018. 
* The Department of Homeland Security has hired more victim assistance specialists, helping victims get resources and support. 
* President Trump has called on Congress to pass school choice legislation so that no child is trapped in a failing school because of his or her zip code. 
* The President signed funding legislation in September 2018 that increased funding for school choice by $42 million. 
* The tax cuts signed into law by President Trump promote school choice by allowing families to use 529 college savings plans for elementary and secondary education. 
* Under his leadership, ISIS has lost most of its territory and been largely dismantled. * ISIS leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi was killed. 
* Signed the first Perkins CTE reauthorization since 2006, authorizing more than $1 billion for states each year to fund vocational and career education programs. 
* Executive order expanding apprenticeship opportunities for students and workers. 
*Trump issued an Executive Order prohibiting the U.S. government from discriminating against Christians or punishing expressions of faith. 
* Signed an executive order that allows the government to withhold money from college campuses deemed to be anti-Semitic and who fail to combat anti-Semitism. 
* President Trump ordered a halt to U.S. tax money going to international organizations that fund or perform abortions. 
* Trump imposed sanctions on the socialists in Venezuela who have killed their citizens. 
* Finalized new trade agreement with South Korea. 
* Made a deal with the European Union to increase U.S. energy exports to Europe. 
* Withdrew the U.S. from the job-killing TPP deal. 
* Secured $250 billion in new trade and investment deals in China and $12 billion in Vietnam. 
*Okayed up to $12 billion in aid for farmers affected by unfair trade retaliation. 
*Has had over a dozen US hostages freed, including those Obama could not get freed. 
* Trump signed the Music Modernization Act, the biggest change to copyright law in decades.
*Trump secured Billions that will fund the building of a wall at our southern border. 
* The Trump Administration is promoting second chance hiring to give former inmates the opportunity to live crime-free lives and find meaningful employment...... 
* Trump’s DOJ and the Board of Prisons launched a new “Ready to Work Initiative” to help connect employers directly with former prisoners.
Keep dreaming retard
[deleted]
https://is2.4chan.org/pol/1604295379254.jpg
GMO Cookies are trading for 1600 here in Humboldt Co.
Free money cheat

1. Get a personal loan or credit card advance \[10k\]
2. Buy 3x stocks on margin \[30k\]
3. use stocks as collateral to get loan (75% of stock value usually) \[30k + 22.5k\]
4. Go to step 2

^(Please don't really do it, I'm doing a really small version of it so low chance of GUH)
This sub used to have a standard.
Michigan governor was antifa who wanted to pose as the right.  And if you really want to know how many deaths and beatings happened at left protests you can find it (assuming your search engine didn't scrub that).  You must not have been watching social media during those left protests or you would already know.

Today stands to remain true that the right protests are truly "mostly peaceful" in fact 100% peaceful until someone attacks them.  Like that white van that rammed someone in the Trump train in Texas
Still not the point of the sub tho. Shit is annoying af
I had some tp cards like needle worm  and mechanical chaser. Apart from rare cards from almost every set.
FUTURES SO GREEN I GOTTA WEAR SHADES
I know 1/3 of us here are retarded and the other 2/3 are fucking retarded, but three fraudulent U.S. companies are in fact different than a centrally planned nation state that spreads disinformation through their ministry of truth and executes its citizens over breaching censorship laws.  I could see how one could easily confuse the two.
I guess that proves his point
As a share bagholder in deep red I'm thinking of just setting a limit up on everything and not even looking at my account for the next 3 months.
Blue wave would send the market to the moon over endless stum
Why would the WHO reverse their stance on lockdowns? Makes absolutely no sense right..? Governments wanna listen to science and the experts but don’t when they changed their views...can’t explain it
Good gurl
Whatever the sentiment is in this thread, do the opposite. The goal is for maximum pain

Bullish
God I hope he doesn't win. I don't know where the thought is coming that the markets are going to crash if Biden wins. That's simply not the case [for example: https://www.dw.com/en/wall-street-drops-donald-trump-in-favor-of-joe-biden/a-55420944]

Trump is an erratic, dangerous, and totally ignorant human being. I cannot understand why anyone would vote for him.
GME is GameStop
[deleted]
[removed]
Don't then u salty little bitch i was right tho
Ever look at how the market did with Obama?
*theta gang has entered the chat*
Actually corporate tax rates going up=less earnings=companies worth less. Look at the forecasted earnings growth for S&P500 companies under Biden.
I wish I could explain the appeal, but I really can't. I just love them. Maybe it's the constant slow bleed making the wins more satisfying? I'm an anxious introvert, so table games are all kinds of hell for me, and I gotta feed this gambling addiction somehow.
[deleted]
Gay
You made an intentionally dumb comment to be smug.
[deleted]
A/s/l
I ignored that part because its beneath me to even recognize the ignorance.
Spy is gonna open up at 328 huh?
Check again ☹️
Wrong move, they are going to pump the stock market to say: wow the markets love the election results, come in to the party
Shitshow? Only if election fails to provide clear winner. That would be a shit load of uncertainty which can overwhelm NTFS gang
BANNNNN
Oh but it doooooooo friend
Maybe, but nobody's selling either. The mindset among bagholders right now is that it's too late to sell.
Sadly I didn't. Good try tho. I bet you went off a shitload (no pun intended)
If theres a week to be cash gang this is arguably it
[deleted]
this pleases the Theta.
[deleted]
Right? Everyone was talking like they bought Microsoft and it was a huge fucking non-event.
I’m bicurious and h0rny
https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/trump-repeats-inaccurate-claim-about-masks-citing-cdc-study-n1243562

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/10/02/us/politics/donald-trump-masks.html

https://www.theatlantic.com/culture/archive/2020/10/donald-trump-mike-pence-coronavirus-dangerous-mask-trap/616670/
If rates stay down any longer, you think their dividend is secure?
[deleted]
Well said
NIO can if the Chinese government dumps all its shares from its shell companies. They have hundreds of thousands of shell companies. If CCP leader doesn't like NIO. NIO will disappear.

I don't see our point in billionaire disappearing it has no relevance.
.2% 💀
Agree. I have only calls so biased lol
Thank you for your time
Red candle outside upper bollinger Bands ➡️ outs are the better play
I think you’re underestimating how often hedges sell calls or puts. Want to buy a stock at a certain price and get paid to do it? Sell puts. Are you knowingly about to deflate the position? Sell calls and buy puts before you start your sell off. Not all options on high frequency trading platforms are filled by the bank, and hft platforms can still lose significant capital quickly on a 0 delta trade.
Election week  ? 🧐VXX calls tomorrow if it goes red
So if I buy in the am 11/02 straddle $325C/P it will run a bid price of what? currently my street wise/schwabs real time trading platform quotes me a limit of $6.95 with the last at $7.00
don't forget to vote
It's going UP no matters who wins
Ya, liquidity is big deal. It would definitely create problems in longer term. But that doesn't help anyone's puts here.
It’s unfortunate that futures always seem to go the opposite direction of my positions
I’m not gay but I'll never eat out a girl. It's just yucky. Vaginas kind of gross lol. Like a penis is physically appealing to the eye and well shaped and feels good lol. Like I'm straight, but I like 🅿️🅿️ better if girls would have one Haha you guys know what I'm saying?
Priced in
It’s election week and we already had the past 2 weeks red.

No ones buying, no ones buying means slow bleed down.
The new RCT is called Planet Coaster. Pretty fun, but has some bugs still.
Trump wins->market crash, stimulus begins a market pump

Biden wins->market crash, stimulus begins a market pump
Did you bears think the MMs would let you get free money with your puts so easily? Like taking candy away from a baby.
Although I hope it doesn’t, this week can be a shitshow that causes liquidity gaps just as well
Because it’s a garbage company
bro they got MSFT Office now.
Well. When you look at the little lines at the bottom of the charts, that's volume. When it's 50x higher than normal right at open, that's probably not retail money leaving. That's probably institutional.
[deleted]
Thats what he do
Is this ur cumming out party?
nahhh
[removed]
Because they didn't actually need 30k ventilators.  

Cuomo said they needed 140k hospital beds and tens of thousands of ventilators but only needed 18,000 beds and less than 4000 ventilators.

https://www.msn.com/en-us/health/medical/ny-projections-on-beds-ventilators-were-off-couldnt-model-love-spirit-cuomo-says/ar-BB12s24y

So you still haven't explained what trump could have done to reduce the number of cases. Ventilators and ships were after the fact.
More supportive than my dad. Thanks
Ask Kodak
Thank you for the confirmation I needed, calls it is. I think they got a pt of 43? It should bounce off 30 and prob attempt 37
I would get in on Tuesday if you're going to get in. Historically speaking (hard to predict with covid and civil unrest) stocks go down into election and up right after.
Invest in a bag of weed for the week. At least you can end the day with a smile and some feels goods.
Glad to see that JPow is Team Fiat money. Fuck the gold standard. All my homies hate the gold standard
aren't results announced at night on november 3rd? so dip should be on Wednesday, now tuesday??
Money in my rh, let’s gooo what the moves
You replied yet you ignored the most obvious part of my post, where you were accused of supporting genocide.
Trump feelin falcon heavy
Yeah, remember we hit ~350 on SPY with ~2% interest rates. we could go much higher, barring other extraneous events.
Are you asking a covid question or a stock market question? .... because  you're not pointing at anything market specific in which case gtfo.... ie Ban.
You can probably fit more than one remote in your ass. By the sound of things, you probably went fetal Position with a lot of guys
Pay it down to last $48 then take out a new 4 year loan with $1 monthly payments. Keeps the account whole.
Post an update. Just be a mature adult about it. No need to get nasty.
I even posted a picture of myself on one of my posts a few months ago.
Just accept the fact now that at some point this week, you will be fuk. Don't know how, don't know when. Doesn't matter if you're a bull or a bear. This week is coming for you.
I mean the election matters to at least some degree because whether consumers have more or less money to spend and wage rise or stagnation directly affects retail spend. B2c is 70 pct of our economy
It has to hit 316****
[deleted]
I mean General Motors is a solid company so yeah def buy in
Nkla burned me too!
[deleted]
Yo dawg, I heard you like melt ups, so heres a melt up before the melt up before the big melt up
My question is why it went up in the first place and nobody has been able to answer me.
ya. that's what I mean. They're gonna skin anyone outside of China that invests in their markets.
Calls or puts? I’d be more on the put side man
Day before election day i can kinda understand 🤷🏽‍♀️
Market will tank if they announce new lockdowns again.
Oh and also that one Monday where we from $270 to $240 on SPY. Yeah. Shit works until it doesn't and the fucking bottom falls out. Nothing is given.
[deleted]
The futures are flat from Friday's close. It's literally 50/50. Also, futures dont mean shit before 2am. Wait until the world wakes up and then we will have a better idea.
Try Apple TV. Not joking. For All Mankind, Ted Lasso, and Tehran are awesome.
Only when he cuts my cap gains tax
Spanish netflix has some good shit
Next week, everyone will remember where they were when the mother of IV combines with theta to kill everyone.
 I think people severely underestimate the power of liquidity. March apocalypse was mainly due to liquidity crisis. Since then we have got flooding liquidity into financial system. Which is precisely why whenever we get a solid dump dip buyers emerge and take us back to 340.
ayo obama can hit those threes tho
Checkmate Bulls. Wikipedia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020\_stock\_market\_crash](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_stock_market_crash) editor mods have declared the second crash started last week and is still presently happening.
Bangla
I'm a bear at heart but logic tells me that we don't know what smart money is doing and neither do they.
Lol the consumer index and house sales with a declining job numbers still off the damn chart is bullish enough to push us to ath? Lock down fears didn't do shit then, and these are all in Europe anyways right now. We've already firmly reacted to stimulus, and while I expect uncertainty elections aren't gonna give you your circuit breakers.

Not that I give a shit, Im theta gang, I'll sell puts or calls depending on the day. You're just absurd for your absolute certainty in something that has hardly been behaving rationally.
Sir this is not smallstreetbets
Apple is heading to a downward trend. Which is common for companies that gained alot of market cap due to stock split. Apple nearly beat earnings and is lose Iphone sales in China. This is all indicating downward movement. I own 2 million worth of Apple shares I bought in early 2000s. I want it to go up but instead I just sell covered calls as it declines.
Username checks out
Note the bet's stakes, retard
Only good thing you’ve ever done maybe ever will do
this aint the tree fish I used to know. you've become one of them 😔
Rip sorry
[deleted]
You're fine
Not playing technically means your missing on potential gains soooo you are
Colt puts
320p 11/20s. I'm fine with this.
You don’t put your pp through the CD hole?
What’s up with GME....shits gone way down in the past week. Is it still drilling or is it a good time to get in?
I actually think Trump will win. No reason, just because this is America.
dumb
Did the dollar take a shit ?
[deleted]
Goodnight everyone. We're going to have a +2% day tomorrow. Lots of tendies. All is good. Drink water, get some good rest, happy dreams! 🎉😴
Think you might be gay
The ratio isn't even good for how unlikely it actually is, they had shillary at 89% going into election day
CAlls on Tazer Corp
[deleted]
Can’t, ur sister said the remote is ur special toy
Can all you faqqots talking about politics go back to your corners of r/politics and r/conservative and fuck off. That or go ahead and suck each other’s dick already. This shit is getting old.
At least follow the 3 day rule before buying the dip after a price correction.
Fuckin eh, looks like I can finally smoke my blue meth!
Well I'm from an actual first world country, not from a third world country with a gucci belt and assault rifles, so I think I'm fine with my puts
Everyone plans to buy the dip until things start to dip. Then the go running and talking about the apocalypse and final Elliot Waves and all sorts of weird shit.
[deleted]
I just started my first real job post grad in August. My 401k started investing 2 weeks ago. Should I not have done that?
Tarded
bold statement to make just before europe opens
Maybe not, but I think it's probably future-proofing.
You amuse me
I'm sure they have NO problem taking foreigners money to build their infrastructure.
There is no war in Ba Sing Se.
the pattern likes you too
Yeah that’s called analysis, something your too stupid to do
I’m not 🌈 but the idea of an anonymous stranger using my asshole until they bust inside of me makes me h0rny
You didn't see all the smart money selling off at open on friday??
Heared that cash is king right now , but I would like you to take a look around you. Most of the people here are scared but as the bubbles float to the top of our champagne glasses as we toast.  That some of us are going to go belly's up or ride that chewy ass chicken to the promise land. So... give me that off the wall shit. We all know most of what is taken place and before you say priced in.. this shit is not. I would like to hear some ticks that have not be sucked dry. To some it up short. Thanks
Okay Mr. Newton. Look forward to you being a dumb science bitch post correction
Rip
The Queen’s Gambit is legit
Thanks dude!
[deleted]
I knew Trump was going to win once I saw The Economist put out a poll saying Biden has a 95% of winning
Red
No, just analyzing the candlesticks
[removed]
*0.2% retard
Bears are fucked
All modern media is just partisan propaganda from either side at this point.
[deleted]
Aapl 120c 11/20 will lose me money quickly?
get in on TCS NWL HELE as well
“i refuse to call him the supreme leader”

proceeds to call him the supreme leader
Follow the calling of the crystal ball
[deleted]
If you put like 10-20 percent down they could prob get you signed without proof of income. Assuming your car you “paid off” was thru a real bank. But even so, paid off car loans don’t get u very far. It’s credit cards.
I want 400 first
The right? How many dead from left protests by the protestors? How many dead at the left protests because of right wing terrorists? Rittenhouse, james alex fields, the fucking kidnapping plot for the govenor of michigan.

I have facts, you have, "but I saw a big truck and it was shiny and nobody died when I was looking"
they’ll come out with a surprise twist and add a new direction to the stock market
With Jesus anything’s possible
I approve this msg
You deduct the salary and bonus from the business so you don’t pay a lot of taxes on the business income side and the owner still clears under 100k. Small businesses are exactly that: small
No this is good, fake stability
Oh but it does
Win, no.   Steal.... maybe
I feel gassy. 🤢
So true it hurts. 150 shares @ $56.64 cost basis :(
Newsflash to bears, when everyone is planning to buy the dip after the imminent crash it guarantees there won't be a crash.
[deleted]
Plz post your address along with a photo of your reddit username next to the front door plus inside with photos that match real estate websites
https://youtu.be/AlMg1aL7vAk
You’re number of active accounts just went down that’s why.
Money Heist is fantastic. Limitless isn't bad either.
My new strategy, buy high sell higher. Literally can’t go tits up
"IT HAS TO HIT 320".

No, no it doesn't.
Did you finish shoving remote up your ass like I told you?

Go do it puta!!
How does it feel to be in the bottom 5% of IQs on fucking wallstreetbets
I have a paid off car and everything I’m good, trying to get a loan is hard asf without a co-signer but that’s because I’m a full time student
Oregon is turning into the Netherlands.

Isn’t Methadone is like the highest painkiller pill available?
Yes it is.  Sometimes it's illegal to act on it though.
Puts on your butthole.
731 is the new 690. Get grinding!
Yeh bruh
Yup. efficient market theory is a joke
I say just do it, have a fun time with it. Be the man. If you come out of it feeling like none of these people are real friends then move on. Maybe you'll make a real friend out of the group. It's easy to think you're the only outsider, but you'll be surprised just how many people feel the same way or have their own hang ups. Unlikely they all openly talk about not liking you, maybe they're just clicky. That being said I didn't quite follow your story. If Groom is being disrespectful then let him have his fun and cut him out of your life once starting the day after.
[removed]
Pause... These green futures aren't even green... They're just flat from Friday close.. Fuck that
Got a link or is it on FoxNews?
I follow will Meade too
Buy high sell higher
just inverse the retards on this sub
Well we’ll find out soon enough how true this is
I like the pattern
I have no idea why that would happen. I guess they don't like you to pay it off early.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Looks like last week's sell-off is already reversing.
yeah dude, you get it
There’s genuinely nothing on Netflix anymore smh as a last ditch effort I’ll try house of cards even though that guy did those things
That wouldn't be the election. That's just something that could happen any random day of the year. Apple isn't worth 15% less because oh, the election happened... It's fucking apple... People buy iPhone... 

Microsoft isn't worth 15% less after the election. What you're going to stop using fucking office and windows?

The average trader is beyond retarded.  If it does. Drop 15-30% buy.... Because it doesn't make sense. And corrects, just like fucking March.

Something REAL has to happen. War, trade, etc. 

It's like people can't look at a chart of the market and see it always fucking goes up. Republicans =/ business. Jesus you think business people only buy one party? How people are blind to this still and still are obsessed with "their party" winning is idiotic.... We are really painfully easy to manipulate.
Yes, most conservatives are subhuman.
Spy 309 imminent?
ya....i lol'd. luckin coffee, nio, alibaba. They are all ran by the CCP in the end. You think China wants to make foreign investors rich?

NIO is just luckin coffee 2.0 btw. calling that one now
I sell calls - Almost made back all the money I lost last week by rebuying and selling my covered calls a few times a day as the stock went down. I'd like to thank the degenerates on here for buying my now worthless AAPL calls.
All you bulls in here were the same bulls that bought calls for tech earnings plays last week. This is the calm before the crash. What goes up must come down. That's the facts, Jacks
Japan is up a percent and a half...
lol bro it went from 4 to 6 one day in the summer and i was like "nah... shits already up 50%"
Lol man some people are sick, demented retards... And not in the good way
And you conveniently left out the fact that he said 30,000 was needed at the apex and trump's administration only provided 4,000.. Wow how disingenuous of you. Tsk tsk tsk. 


>The COVID-19 pandemic spread to the US navy hospital ship USNS Mercy when its first case was reported on 8 April 2020. It is unclear how the crew member became infected, as the crew member had not interacted with any patients, all crew members had been screened before boarding the ship in San Diego and had not been allowed to leave the ship since, and the ship was only treating patients for ailments other than COVID-19, requiring a negative SARS-CoV-2 test result before any patient was allowed to board the ship.

>As of 14 April 2020, 7 medical staff members had tested positive, and the Navy had removed 116 medical staff members from the ship in response.

Stop with your bullshit. There's no evidence covid patients were sent there. Neither was there any evidence the crew members were infected by patients.
Username checks out
Why is the bid / ask so bad on VIX? Thought I had misclicked when I saw those prices, can’t play something like that
He must be cause he’s talking about negotiating hostage deals
MoCKiNg oF iDiOCy
On credit karma. Means nothing when actually trying to purchase something like a house.
Up?
earnings don't mean anything in markets like this
stupid characters
do you enjoy suckling on trump’s hairy tits
lol you always start your credit in the 7s when you’re 18. So many of your fkrs would come in to buy cars thinking you were hot shit with that number and be so offended when I tell you you need a cosigner lol.
Sell my calls at open or hold till 10 am then sell??
See that’s something I don’t get, why?
I kind of sat there dumbfounded that the guy above couldn't figure that out.
AMC 10/6 calls could be so retarted they might be smart.
[deleted]
Nope. Everyone liked Tulsi.
Vix measures atm options. So not really, no
I went once and it was like a dairy farm but with old people and their money. Felt kind of surreal.
There are plenty of republicans that aren't voting for Trump, but we know you won't admit that.
Agree

Edit / personally my first target in the downside is 323, that breaks ~ 319 is my next target.
You got a point I've been waiting myself
He’s talking about the comments. Filled with people unable to even comprehend a different perspective.
>Besides casting their votes for the presidential election, voters in Oregon this week will decide on decriminalizing hard drugs via a ballot initiative called Measure 110. The bill would decriminalize personal possession of less than one gram of heroin or methamphetamine; two grams of cocaine; 12 grams of psilocybin mushrooms; 40 doses of LSD, oxycodone or methadone; and one gram or five pills of MDMA.
[deleted]
[removed]
The first pump yes, It look like it’s setting up for another one
Start a war with Iran and spark WWIII dragging Russia and China into a massive global conflict for a once in for all fight for One World Order

*rips bong*
[deleted]
How much spies you need to own to get 1.57 dollars?
[deleted]
I paid my car off and my score went down 10 points. Winning?
Aggregate polling forecast like fivethirtyeight give Trump a 10% chance for re-election: where are you seeing 40%?
Think you’re a little late after it mooned 3O% lol
You won't have a gf after that so...
I used to just pay cash for everything and I’m young so I got time before I need a house so I’m building credit now!
If you do any rendering works then the extra 8gb  is still worth. For gaming I don’t think spending extra $500 is best idea for couple of extra FPS.
Maybe zm
Vix is the future
Lmao this
Wednesday 6:30am, be there or be square
it’s not a question, simple mocking of idiocy
[deleted]
Bad knees and also bad backs
Dafuq is that
About 5 minutes after you buy
Bold. I may have to consider some myself.
Indeed. The city is flooded with gold digging thots.
US dollar
This took me too long to make. Always cut your winners before losers am I right
Thanks
Didn't the pump already happen
No I meant with the inevitable stimulus and people who have been waiting since March to buy.
329 at open, 320 at close
cringe af
propping up the price, for the tastier puts at cash open.
Thinking Bio Tech and Big Pharma.

I think someone has already something prepared for Covid but they are timing for the best moment (which in my view it´s after US Election)
He's on Adderall and coke might as well capitalize on it and rant for a few hours
[deleted]
Oh shit good thinking
Puts
Popular vote bruh. I’ve never really felt bad for someone after reading such a short unironic comment lol
ZOOM CALLS
Futures rallying like a Trump supporter in the middle of a pandemic.
Did you just call someone subhuman?  You're a sick fuck trying to advocate genocide.
[deleted]
Thin file
公牛和福克
Ok bot.

It's still going to be viewed negatively by the market short term.
why would they riot if their savior wins?
Bring your potted plants in we gettin some frost in the mornin
> Trump promised new healthcare plans/reforms, there is none for last 4 years.

[*cough cough cough*](https://nitter.dark.fail/i/status/1319853726832553984)
Def a Russian being forced to write this for that sweet sweet propaganda effect. WSBers may be retarded but at least we have dignity.
US dollar is up, contradicting the green futures a bit. Going to be choppy Monday.
I mean when you open up like this.. you might as well just ask for it lol
Agreed. Makes sense.

Am not black. But not white either. Confusing for the cop.
Pokey
Ummm. Sir. /r/investing is that away.  We only allow option degenerates in this fine establishment
Politicians inversing WSB.
[removed]
I worked in consulting for equity capital markets in March. I felt the same way when everyone had their rice bowl taken from them and I was jacked to the tits in puts.
I quadrupled my portfolio and now it's at double.


Even though I'm technically up, it still bothers me. 


How do you fix the regret of losing so much money lol
[deleted]
yes
329 first.
Last time I said 5 naps this time I said 6 naps
no, Mitch mcconeell does NOT want stimulus.
You mean like Enron, Nikola, and Lehman Brothers?
[removed]
I’m stocking up on hot’n’ready pizzas for the famine
A tit bit nipply.
Someone remind this geriatric we’re not in the early 1900s anymore
biden is too....even if he doesn't mean to be
I always heard trey said it and the pronoun was we to include them both....
Green at night, 🐻s delight?
I got 12 years worth of credit history

COME AT ME BRO
I didn’t even think of it like that 😳
Have you seen US covid cases my dude?
Dubai honeys must be fire
বিং বিং, বং বং বং, বিং বিং
Eh, then you die in your sleep. There're worse ways to clock out.
Sleep is probably why he’s not insane
[removed]
Not sure why you are getting down voted. Biden Harris ticket is what the riots should be about. Two people that have made significant impact on the incarceration of young black men. It baffles me that these two are being peddled as the saviors of the disenfranchised.

I don't see police and the protest changing with the President so we should be ready for riots no matter what. Only difference is that now the governors will be more likely to contain them.
Fuck time to go back to college
What time is the stock market crash? I wanna get some good seats.
Calls it is
Any sensible cop would just give you a warning based on the yoga pants. 

Unless you're black, then you're resisting arrest.
Didn’t buy puts or calls but imma still find a way to lose money
what the fuck is with this midnight trump rally lol
Nippy or nipply, skippy?
Lolwut this is so inaccurate it's not even funny to laugh at. I live in southern California and there was a Trump train today but no violence.  You already know who commits violence at their get together
Dude I already have it pictured how it’s gonna happen
Have you seen all the bad twitter press? Holy tits
Thats what I love about this sub. Big time investors will pull out and tank a business 20% in a single day......and this sub will jump in on calls that very same day.

Followed by wondering why it's not going back up the next week.
Link or ban
Where are mods cleaning up these political garbages
If trump loses there will be no stimulus.  If the senate goes blue they're will be no stimulus.  The only way we get stimmy before feb is a trump win and gop holds senate.  Gop is more than likely going to lose the senate by several seats
[deleted]
Get drunk enough you’ll find your answer
I’m thinking ants on a log

Edit: fuck you it’s a good snack
damn, best of luck my guy
Well, yes. But the bigger issue is that he thought it was OK to say that in the first place.
me too brother. for the sake of my puts
I’m all in losing my minimum wage money that’s supposed to be for school
332/333, hi there neighbor
It’ll begin the recovery before Friday. If blue wave tomorrow then recovery instant
The company turnover or the take home of the bz owner?
Hillary was winning by landslide until the voting actually happened. Going off of polls alone is absolutely retarded. Which is why people are placing options rofl.
meth addicts fuck each other behind Publix's in Orlando
Ppl really do hate women
Imagine thinking people would invest in Chinese companies with the level of fuckery the CCP does in everything China news related.
Hedge funds are options customers, I’m talking about people filling options trades, market makers making their money on the spread with hft-type optimizations. Those are the people everyone buys/sells from
He really studied how to get an audience for a reality TV show, and how to project success regardless of reality. Pretty dangerous skill set
The people that think Biden is a lock must’ve been too young in 2016.
A double pump? Wait no that’s the video I saw last night
👀
Wait wut is the punchline? 🧐
Nah but I've had plenty of batteries from there or advanced auto. They test the battery health and I'll just get it replaced
Az and tx have potential. The others definitely don't
American dream baby, when there’s a will, there’s a way
Yep. Let’s use flat market strategies during historic volatility. 

Play theta if you hate money
Facts.
... right
Tuesday night
Yo it’s fucking nipply out here in the Carolinas
Lol i don’t think they were being literal. Miami is just diff energy
Dubai. GMT +4.
the scary part is... his supporters think he's smart
What bad economic data?
Americans
Me: holds to expiry
I love how all economic and finance models are based on the fact that market participants are "rational". Meanwhile, market participants will buy the wrong Zoom, and go all in on Hertz. Even AI algos are beginning to be retarded.
They already have. So much god damned political talk bullshit in here. They won.
Mr. Market uses slippage! 

Slippage was super effective. 

-65%
[deleted]
Got a credit score of 731 with 8 months of history 😏😈
It’s almost like having friends
[deleted]
Still have trillions on the sidelines so yes
Unless the company goes bust.
Using abbreviations shows how immature and illiterate you can be.

Go back to school and stay out of your sister's bedroom ya fool
yep.
Imagine you getting rich, resigning, the boss going bankrupt, and then you hire him for a minimum wage
Unless they both win.
Truth.
Cuz Americans are idiots. Including you 🤡

If you’re smart, you would leave America
NIO gon moon?
brrrr
Contested election and civil unrest is what market cares about not covid. The hoarding, limiting sales of guns/ammo, and shootings are already taking place. I dropped a rack on groceries today and don’t plan to leave my house till December.
I have 11/20 346. I will probably be poor
Agreed . I actually just sent the message in the group chat, it just wasn't sitting right with me . Even if it's a complete "joke" there's gotta be truth to that am I right
[deleted]
Jokes on you, I’ve got big titties, days off, and I don’t have to buy presents for my friends birthdays
The only thing that can tank it is like a country blocking trade with the US which would be mutually assured destruction.
why not other choice?
Honestly Tupperware looks like a good play 😐 I swear if I get rich off Tupperware I’m gonna have the best underdog story

“ Broke retard makes millions betting on plastic containers! “
4 years of dogwhistling and demonizing and inhumanizing (I just made that a word) the opposing party is now going to bear fruit. I fear for this country.
A licensed drug dealer or college usually
My peak was having something like 6k when I was 19. Joined military. But poor decisions were made and it dried up quickly
7 7 7
Nio 📈 stool & poop 500 📉
Great country, we have solutions for anyone willing to learn to play the game.
I’d bang
ARMS LIST
Simps?
Remember, no matter who wins stimulus pump coming soon
where can i get some
Biden isn't going to win, lol..
I wish the video had continued when the little bull kid gets kidnapped by Joe Pesci with the stock market crashing.
i’m glad you donkeys moved you seem broke and retarded
Get puts at open you fools
Number impatience, the hallmark of a very wealthy investor indeed
Not even talking about taxes but okay..I’m more referencing the lockdown restrictions.
i'm not looking at your post history, sorry
[deleted]
Wish the dems and the Green Party switched colors. 


That’d make the Election Day maps funner. We’d all be yelling senseless things like we already do with futures.
Slot machines are a joke. I’ll never understand people that sit there watching their money go down with each spin. Might as well go play table games
Lockdown means europoors have no where to blow money other than stonks, bullish 💰
Which options analysts and hedge funds are you listening to? The only people that I’ve heard of running 0 delta are big banks because they are forced to go long, so a consistent 2% profit beats inflation as long as the bank views the value of the stock as stagnant(banks control stock prices). Never heard of a hedge fund running 0 delta.
What’s a bigger overpriced steaming turd 💩; PTON or ZM?
Stoked for a potentially green day to exit all my positions only 40% down instead of 70% 😂
[deleted]
Boomer
Just don't watch at that time then. Or do you miss shark tank re runs
Glock 43X
I think the market will be down in the next month, not up, so I want to sell Call credit spreads, I'm just saying when enough idiots buy puts, the market will make a quick pump up to make sure the put holders lose value, and that is when I will add by selling more Credit call spreads..
It was priced in until a white guy in Italy got it. Then all models were broken.
End of next week people won't even remember this idiocy, same as 4 years ago.

Your idiot political beliefs are not the market.... Biden, trump, stocks fucking go up. Us business is strong as fuck. No president can hold that down ever....
Tos
Go to bed dad you're embarrassing me
Contactless payment systems for the win
Nice, what’d you buy
Not provide stimulus
Wow all these look pretty fucked. I have 11/16 315s going that I plan to exit pretty much asap.
[deleted]
We have to touch 320 at the very least guaranteed.

Probably tomorrow
It’s my birthday tomorrow... Friday I loaded up on Twitter calls because it was down 20% - reward my smooth brain market gods.
"Mooning on Strong China Manufacturing Numbers. "  


aw shit here we go again NIO
Bro what are you even talking about. Do you have any idea how few small business owners make 400k a year?
I feel that. I was on the flight deck and once I was done for the day (we flew all day long and I was a shooter) and went to go get my bf (we deployed together) and he had already ate with his shop 😭I was p i s s e d
We’re dealing with people dumb enough to go to a trump rally in Florida without a mask. They’re not exactly scholars of law
trump isn’t going to win until he wins, just like in 2016
yeah, i put down $1800 for an MSI 3090, fuck it. I just got a 4k monitor i wanted the best.
How
Work from home I bought aktshually
Using RSI or any calculation?
Can anyone holding puts tell me why this is gonna be a terrible week? Sure Covid cases are rising, that was a given, election is happening and Biden will win, that's also a given, what else we dealing with?
😂😂😂 aren’t they in MASSSSIVE debt ??
You said this already
What if i do ecommerce? Am i considered small business?
Someone convince me that CMPS is a dumb investment 🍄
Hi CK
Stock market is a bigger joke than slot machines lol
Get back down there. You ain't done yet
J pow irrelevant
[deleted]
imagine imagining equilibrium as magic or as a fallacy or as anything else other than a natural law that cannot be broken
If your confident price is gonna go up why not do a put credit spread
[https://www.usa-vision.com/china-boosts-foreign-access-to-huge-onshore-capital-markets/](https://www.usa-vision.com/china-boosts-foreign-access-to-huge-onshore-capital-markets/)

&#x200B;

A vast amount of investor money could flow out of the US and into the chinese stock market as their economy will probably deliver better returns than America's over the next 10 years
You’re a retard
#thetagang
I was suspecting that. You speaking from experience?
11/20 300
How much fucking up could a prez do as a lame duck?
Yup.. lol
That was a sentence u tard. Explains why ur sucking on Biden’s tits.
7 years ago, you started your account with $2000. You added $1000/month until today. You now have $150,000. BUT $1000/month is not easy in the 17-25 age range for many people.
It’s a sign. Punching in CSX calls tomorrow
CNBC headlines for tomorrow: “Markets green as JPOW HP goes into overdrive on the eve of the big erection”
What time zone
I sold AMZN puts and bought google calls
I don't think people would pay that tax. Enforcement would be near impossible and could lead to massive disobedience. The great thing about free states is they don't have registries so you can't tax guns. He can try gun sales, but all the talk about mandatory buy pack and taxing our rights are a recipe for failure.
Move back in with family and probably just start over if you’re lucky.
no one with an iq above 73 thinks this bro
That´s a great point...
No matter who wins, Amazon is going to be the only place to buy stuff for the next year+.  Just sayin.
[deleted]
I’m assuming we don’t have a lot of small business owners in this sub. If we did, the tone here would be completely different. We have more of the “live at home with parents” types around here... guaranteed.
2.5 hours until FTSE shits itself
World is a giant fireball with skyrocketing infections but oh hey, PayPal calls!
That's not true at all. 

https://www.investopedia.com/stocks-get-sold-into-election-day-bought-after-5078707
L
We took over their sub and they’re helpless. r/politics can never took over our sub 🤷‍♂️
He jealous of your tendies
Cash gang this week. Will be picking up your stocks on the low this friday.
[deleted]
Just look at the facial expression--that bear is clearly having the time of its life.
If they are leaps you are good
[deleted]
What misinformation do you mean specifically?
Okay. Do you own or have access to a strap-on between 9am and 5pm on weekdays?
Cuz you’re retarded
[deleted]
UKpoors gonna wake up soon and like 'Oh shit we're locked down, can't get my morning pint in the pub'
Hope I wake up to red tomorrow
My boss keeps saying the stock market will fail if Biden wins and I’ll be poor. I feel like it would reflect poorly on me if I told him I’m jacked to the tits on puts.
warsaw stock exchange
Have you used Martin's special K indicator before? I've done half a dozen 0dte on the spy using that to buy options in the direction the indicator told me the spy was going to move.  If using it with the strangle, you could see when the momentum is leveled off and then enter before it swings either way. When do you enter this trade? I usually have entered around like 11am and pulled out once I get 15%+ returns
I’m not a liberal and I doubt that person is too. Wanting the Supreme Court to be non-partisan shouldn’t a partisan issue
lol but why does it matter if "other european countries are close to us"? 

there are only 14 countries in the world doing a worse job than we are. do you consider that a success?

and why do you ignore what i said about him spreading misinformation? do you think that was a good choice?
Why am I in OXY calls
I would say pcmag is reliable than the one I shared from AMD sub Reddit. Surprisingly AMD is able to match Nvidia and still good value for money. I never though this year’s AMD cards will catch up with NVIDIA after their Hugh performance leap from rtx20 to rtx30 cards.
Just arrived to office. Jumped a red light accidentally as I was staring at a superb ass in yoga pants.
if wsb vs r/poltics were a ufc fight. wsb would be a -500 favorite
Don encouraged everyone to join the "trump train" in texas and follow the bus through the state
Rip your face off rally
Shoving one up yours will humble you a lot more

Next time try to speak in sentences
Puts on your Step-Dads freedom
I do that every night
Just realized that the crowds are almost like WWE fans.
Cowboys were 0-7 against the spread, now 0-8.
Meanwhile Santa banging your girl
Simp
He asked you not to tell bro
This is the way
He’s the one who’s spewing political bs ffs
Trump will probably win. Very difficult to beat an incumbent even if it is a terrible one. Everybody’s also underestimating the power of old/middle aged white america again too.
Where do you people here this shit? They start lockdown thursday
Ayamm sopoor already won the thread. Can't top that.
Frogs have no teeth and very long tongues. I don't see it being a problem.
Don't let anyone disrespect you like that, ever. If you let them, you'll tell yourself that they're right and you'll lose your self respect. This goes for women, friends, family, work place.

There are different ways to handle it, but the bottom line is don't just take it. Personally for this one I would just cut the group. After 10 years, sounds like these guys just aren't worth it. Also, that's a cruel thing to say - not somebody I would want in my life anyway. Or you can talk about it. Or you can be introspective (though even if you can change some things, I still think the guy was out of line and probably worth cutting).
[deleted]
I moved out of that shitty fucking state a long time ago. Only inbreds like you still live there.
ANY prescription! Everyone would be FUCKING JUICED 24/7. Boomers don’t know shit about politics
Already got some addy crushed for the open bell 🔔
Trump literally gives no fucks, if this was old school Donnie Pump, he'd legit just name a bunch of companies at a press conference to raise the market or at least tweet. He knows he's likely lost this shit, so he probably wants an even bigger mess for Biden to deal with
[removed]
This will be the worst week since 08.
Can't argue with jewish science
We moonin
Feels like tomorrow is Christmas morning. But I’m probably getting blasted in the ass rather than gifts.
Seems like I knew something. This entire place was bearish talking about the shitty weekend dow being down like it means anything I was the only bull here.
Then those will take decades, but they will start the process
I bought some aapl calls last Tuesday and haven’t checked them in a while but I see futures are up .2% so I’m pretty sure I’m going to be raking in the money tomorrow 🤑🤑🤑
Meh who gives a fuck. It’s free liquor and potential to sleep with his soon to be wife or one of her good friends.
[deleted]
A for effort
Who is staying up all night on Tuesday?

I got my energy drinks and snacks ready.
VIX hit red, fourth trap confirmed
[deleted]
Yeah your tits are the size of gallon jugs but they’re the shape of gallon jugs as well
Trump has always been proud of how he is responsible for the market’s growth. If he goes down, he might take the market with him and leave a crater for Biden.
Check your phone  retard
Develop an addiction I mean uh tolerance first
What are city weights
So this is about trains somehow?
11/2 331c fuck it
BAN
Markets green as stocks shrug off election chaos concerns
11/4 123p
Hey! I didn't say you could stop licking my boot papi. Get back down there.
I’ll put down 100k that a red wave isn’t coming
WMT calls
It's a widely known fact that fat girl tits don't count. They're in denial.
Nah brother you need a .50 cal for adequate home defense.
Fuck you retard
325p  11/4 and 324p 11/6
buying puts on Trump ($TRMP)
Selling yes. Or pumping.
This is the way
Just a ploy to sell you a new one
38’s are the most out of stock caliber I’ve ever seen, I’ve been able to source 45 and 9 but 38 is unbelievably elusive.
Go back to work retard
VIX red bulls win
[deleted]
Who got amzn calls
seems like you're kinda of an idiot
Elections priced in.
322 11/2, 320 11/20
Vix red. Bear r fuk
2021 is supposed to be a great year, volatility will be a bitch until January.
Lol gaslighting has no power here.
Donnie up doing 5 rallies in 5 states. While Joe had 6 different naps today
[deleted]
God I wish I did the same
Then why are we here
Yo let me get sum Viagra too
遥控
Tech undervalued imo
[deleted]
You’re ready for anything
Puts after a circuit breaker week, what can go wrong
[removed]
They priced it in last year actually. Even the great famine of 2029 is already priced in
Never mind I only need Fox News anyway
Quite the high horse there bud
Man I same the same shit and get downvoted and called stupid.
It’s literally crazy...if you are a hair dresser in Cali or and bartender in NY...how the actual fuck do they think people are surviving..
Most certainly not. Most bullish thing is for an obvious victor.
There is a reason 95% of day-traders and 100% of WSB autist lose money.... they want that emotional ‘high’. They want their favorite stock to make them the most money. They want to prove everyone, including their innerselfs selves, wrong. 

Biden will win on election night. Even conservative models have it a 90/10%

Gambling sites are playing this down the middle and taking the vig. 
Too many stupid trump supporters who already voted need action. 
Need another way to feel alive
Need another way to support their guy and throwing money down is the easiest way to do it

Laying heavy on Biden
So wouldn't it make sense to invest in US stocks since everyone else is locking down?
Biden staffer got a gap in her car from trump supporters trying to run them off the road along with the campaign bus

Trump replies with "I LOVE TEXAS"
You’re really living in a constructed fantasy aren’t you? That’s Trump country bud
>Gov. Andrew Cuomo responded to the claim that day, saying, “Yes, they’re in a stockpile because that’s where the supposed to be because we don’t need them yet. We need them for the apex.”

They had plenty of ventilators.


The ship wasn't supposed to hold covid patients but the idiot governer accidentally send covid patients onto the ship. Then he sent people back into nursing homes with covid. That was trumps fault?
You mean the injecting bleach and the virus is gone?
So are we selling off tomorrow? Futures?
Dick ripping rally this week
You sell the contract or you can sell short term otm calls as a hedge with possible gains on both. Same with otm puts but adding risk/reward. Only exercise puts
I sleep so much better. But that’s because it shuts my brain up
You are in for some pain my friend, you will want to buy exactly all of those a in December or late November for the 4th quarter results.. 

I personally think it's time for it to head down now, so they can prop it up again..
I never understood that in football either. Then he realized he fucked up and was like guess I better get another hit in
Yup, fellow bankrupt degenerate here, and it was the best thing to ever happen to my financial health, because it taught me to live entirely without credit. 2 years later I was able to buy a house, and I can't think of anything the bankruptcy ever prevented me from doing.
Gun control and the fear of gun control is what typically drives up gun sales. The thing with guns is that they aren't really a wearable item for most people. You can have guns last for generations so why buy more guns? The reason is fear of guns becoming illegal. This happens when Democrats are in power or are challenging for office.

This year has been even wilder due to COVID-19 and the riots. If Trump and Republicans win then gun rights will be safe and demand will drop until the next major event such as riots or elections.
Dual Labia
ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [Breaking Benjamin - So Cold ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkI4KejmSfY) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkI4KejmSfY)⠀►►⠀ 2:37 / 3:56 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️
Biden is running for senate.
It happens in all markets eventually. This is the mentality of stupid. China is taking over world power within the next decade or two. Even retards here love Chinese stocks now like NIO when the Chinese don't even like investing in Chinese stocks. It is why Chinese buy land in Canada/USA/Europe. Saying country's dominance will never collapse is the most illogical thing you can say. US is only dominate because of WWII infrastructure wasn't destroyed and we had alot of ships/planes left from the war because we entered late.
I'm so fucking tired of SPX 3270, either drill down to SPX 3100 or moon, can't deal with this half ass shit
Good thing I have my .22 rifle with varmint rounds
Is trumps plan to steal election if he's ahead on Tuesday bullish?.
Covid in Europe, USA Elections, Gay Frogs in Africa....

What do you were fking expecting?
Lame as fuck bro
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Trump mentions the name Obama... Miami crowd randomly starts “lock him up” chant lmao
Don’t you have something better to do like selecting your pronouns or attending a protest?
alexa play so cold by breaking benjamin
[deleted]
CA 22?
nobody cares about your post history lol. 50/50 chance monday is green and you don't even know that
Fuck adderall can’t sleep on that shit
You're fucking retarded if you think SPY is going to go to 350.

Maybe 342.
11/6
That is false
Yeah, Biden is so senile too! I can't understand it.
You answered your own question, LOL
11/2 319 puts 🤦‍♂️
Red wave is coming
Lmao. Nobody tell him.
It got him karma didn't it?

Fuck these posts.
Why the fuck you gonna punch a helmet.
🌈🐻= 🤡

Imagine thinking tomorrow is gonna be “Black Monday” 🤡

Bears in denial that their puts gonna expire worthless 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
Let’s see ur SPY positions you psychos. Whom got 11/4 puts?
Just looking at this again it might be the stupidest interaction I’ve ever had
If I were president, everyone would get Adderall prescriptions. Welcome to Economics 1001
ラブ
Nah,  but I would shove it up your libtard ass if not for the fact I know u enjoy it.
[deleted]
And ammo...went to 5 different stores this weekend and not one 9mm or 45 to be found...NOT FUCKING ONE
You know nothing
Toni Collette is such a beautiful woman! 🥰
Might be pinworms
Cheesecake
[deleted]
UNP still in a downtrend since their earnings. Might be a sleeper play in a month or so.
[removed]
And you know this how lmfao? Seems like you’re kind of an asshole
Kegels
Yes. Consumer index + record house sales... declining Job numbers... 

Now- lockdowns beginning, no stimulus, elections etc can’t believe I have to explain that to u . Do u follow the markers or the news or u live under a rock
TIL possible civil war is bullish.
Since Vanderbilt, trains have been in fashion.
[deleted]
Noob question. Where can you place bets like these and is it legal? Thank you retards.
Oh. So that’s what sparked the -1% recovery earlier. UK is no longer locking down
You sound like a 🌈🐻 🤡
[removed]
Look at my post history, I've been telling you monday would be green all weekend. Anyone who wanted to sell before the election would have did it Friday, election is going to go smoother than everyone thinks and then we'll start a hard bull run for the next couple of months with optimism of an even bigger stimulus than before, book it. Nov 20 calls are gonna print.
Yeah it’s ridiculous. All these people that call for lockdowns won’t be effected at all. I’m WFH until 2022 and I’m set, but I don’t blame any of these small businesses that just take the loan and close up— holding on to the government cash.
Yes because washing dishes, bussing tables, loading luggage, cleaning rooms is so prestigious. The country functions on factory jobs you entitled dimwit
You got me. First I was searching for month in my comment 😂😂.
Hahhahahaha. That's how I thought it worked and it's the only thing making me wanna do it. Ive done 3 of these before
yes. it's tight
🚂
You should be a retard to think that Monday will be blood red. Look at the futures retard
[deleted]
Have y'all not hear of five thirty-eight?
Prostate massager
You should be a retard to think that Monday will be blood red. Look at the futures retard

What’s your IQ? I think it’s very normal for stupid people like you to think you’re smart 🤡
[deleted]
That’s what tweezers are for, my boy!
[deleted]
Maga is codename for goatse
Election was priced in yall.
Lol you were bubbling over a girl like a little bitch to people on reddit. Nobody cares that you are a beta male. Keep that shit to yourself.
That's like the opposite thing. Sounds like you were being a twat and needed to be called out.

Here, this dude was straight up disrespected for no reason.
Well, now that StartEngine launched the secondary market hopefully it finally starts to catch on so I can rack up. I'm confident long term regardless, but thought it would be bigger at this point
You gotta keep up on your kegels.
Aqb salmon?
That government you speak of was the George Bush Republican administration. 

Also, he later became wAyyyyyy less pro war than your median representative. 

There is no perfect politician, and it’s wrong to expect anyone to be one. That is because the job itself is imperfect. How do you expect anyone to properly represent the wills of 330,000,000 people? It’s impossible.
Bought one today
Yes
gasoline delivery was an episode of always sunny in philly
good reply, thotcentral
>All the states that needed supplies got them.

Factually incorrect

>New York got all the ventilators they needed

Hell no, why are you spreading lies?

>They got a hospital ship sent. 

Wow a ship with 1,000 beds. And your point? If thats what you mean by trump doing his best, then thats a really low bar.

>Trump locked the borders down early and stopped flights

2 months later than every other developed country in the world. Where do you get your news from?

Hmm i guess based on your history, you're just a trump apologist and conservative nutjob.
My pp?
How so?
Biden is going to win and it will actually be good for markets
If you bring your A game to the dance floor your odds of getting laid go up tenfold. Do with this info what you will.
Dumbocrats are gonna take my gubs so I gotta stock up
Who gapped up? CSX, Union, Canadian?
lol, not so fast derptard. you're watching too much cnn
Well we are talking about them as if they are still alive so it looks like whatever they did was fine
It’s an icarly reference idiot. Yes my username checks out
Daily reminder that they don't let poor people day trade or invest in private businesses
What strike and exp for SPY puts?
Anyone tried the free battery charging at AutoZone?
Ok MAGA
Guns are sold out everywhere wtf
Kiss and goodbye Uber.
Historically the day before the election is green, while the day of and after the election tends to be red.

Honestly, it makes sense that SPY would try to rebound to around ~ $332 before (if) it drops again
Kiss. My ass papi
Yeah. It's not really bullish but that's good enough for me when I'm sitting in calls.
Guys, just incase you don't understand.  If America is kill then the $$$ ain't worth shit. Your puts will be worthless
So.. Trains are in fashion again? 🚂
No, it means there's shitty factory jobs open in a bumblefuck Wisconsin town and you think that if peolle who previously worked in hospitality,  service, finance, etc have been laid off then they should just get a factory job. 



The state of wsb
Indiana Jones
Who is too afraid to hold anything overnight these days?
No nut November they would nut automatically from that
Get to Panama. From Panama get on a boat that will eventually get you to Ukraine. Get a fake passport in Ukraine. From there get on the next available flight to Vanuatu. No income tax and no extradition treaty with the United States. Open a shack to sell fruit. Profit
Haha I dont drive a toyota. But that's cool man. I'm sure your girl isn't cheating on you with a real man. Glad you have your shitty BMW.
Uncertainty priced in
You misspelled month
I like the way you think.
[deleted]
I'm more confused, so you only buy options if you can afford the same strike/expiration?

Id need to open my tracker to tell you every strike and expiration I own.
You're fucking poor mate. Game over. Welfare check, Ramen eating fucker.
You won't even get 69.
You get a second remote. When you're done changing channels, shove that one up your ass as well
If Joe wins China wins, China has a huge stake in the entertainment business i.e movies/movie theaters. Joe win make CNK go upsies?
See you tomorrow buddy. You know you’ll check 60+ times a day still
True, but only autist can win. Not a small bus full of retards. I think tesla calls might actually be a play?
Poor boys
By not login into your account until December you mean you will be logging in multiple times a day every single day until December
i found this

https://www.pcmag.com/news/amd-reveals-more-radeon-rx-6000-series-vs-nvidia-rtx-3000-benchmarks

interesting... i already ordered a 3090.
Is me being poor priced in already?
Jobless claims are down from what was expected. 787000.
Vaccine comes when it’s ready regardless of who wins. I don’t get how people think that if Biden wins, we won’t get one as soon. Stupid as hell.

Totally agree with you though. By time it gets announced, we then have to produce and distribute to 250+ million Americans for a heard immunity to take hold. What if it’s only 45% effective too? We’re not going to see something like this until June imo best case scenario
BAN
I think UK has some pretty generous support
When did choking on dicks go out of style? I sure as heck didn’t get the memo
We will figure it out
Australian Butcher.. Nice lol
[deleted]
https://www.reddit.com/r/Amd/comments/jlu53t/amd_vs_nvidia_benchmarks_yall_are_dicks_so_heres/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
F to a fallen warrior
^triggered
it is showing that no one is stepping forward, as other markets open, well europe aint looking too hot
Then why are you  asking us goons for investment advise, Han Brolo ?

Shoot first, already.
They will
The difference being Trump would be trying to steal the election ala Bush 2000 on steroids.  I'm sure the market will react so well to a sitting president trying to start a civil war to retain office.
Pension or no pension?
I have no positions today as I can’t trade until Wednesday, but we will be trading flat til Wednesday, and then we’re drilling bigly...
If only they wore a mask and didn’t go outside as much, hmmm I wonder if that would work
No nut November is now no call November
Ok but how do I change the channel now
link?
me
His 10/16 calls were worth at least $150K last month and he cashed them out between his Sept 16th and 22nd updates
[deleted]
It's so nice not having to look at futures. Bought a bunch of Spring 2021 BA, WMT, RKT, TSLA and IPOB calls on Friday. Not even gonna log into my account until December lmao
[deleted]
[deleted]
Would hang
Sir, this is a *Wall Street* bets.
In the latest nvida vs amd comparison charts, AMD new graphic cards are killing nvidia in both performance & price.
You got that shit right!
 Why are we green?
all in on VIX calls!!!!
Hey I prefer dildos
[deleted]
Go back to sleep midget
That’s like 1%
Fuck it, if governments want to make the decision to lockdown then pay people money to survive. France, UK, Spain all going back down on lockdown. You take away the ability for people to work and provide. You better fucking start up those printing presses and start paying people cash money. People aren’t putting up with the bullshit anymore.
Oh god it’s gonna be a shitshow on Wednesday, puts gonna print tho
I kinda feel bad for you that you could buy an expensive car and you buy a BMW lol.
How are they defining election results? Who gets electoral college vote? Who's sworn in Jan 20?
You should rebrand yourself as captain lockdown you’re so obsessed with lockdowns. Get a room
what if Euros decides to buy today?
Have you ever considered that it's because were right?
VIX going red yo
Would bang
Well, I'm a bankrupt dipshit and I had zero problems getting a mortgage with a decent rate 2 years post bankruptcy. After 4 years, my credit rating was better than it had ever been. No regrets whatsoever.
Democratic process takes decades in some countries
You’re right but at least Wentz and the other trash cans have chemistry being trash together
My forecast for tmr is what everyone is fearing:  No 10am pump/dump, a massive hyperbull green dildo followed by a low volume flash crash, wherein the bears come fomoing in.  Then in a miraculous turn of events, a low volume pump on stimulus talks pushes the price back to open, leaving both bulls and bears bagholding losses while the *Market Makers* laugh all the way to their personal bank
Dax opens at 4 am eastern
Binary. Event.
Just lost by a field goal which the cowboys could’ve had (missed one, dumb 4th down play instead of fg attempt, even at the very last second could’ve went for fg for yolo f u spread)
[deleted]
Illiterate retard learn how to spell
For sure
vix red
16 + as high as $25 which is as much as people make in Chicago
Sukdiks Forkash
Halsey
Look at cases per 1m people. We are 15th in the world and other European countries are close to us.
https://youtu.be/gyNv6n5drNE
12:06am ET
Good ass video I tell you what, but let me give you a pro tip:

Get an Onahole, they're like the Cadillac of masturbators.
I don't know why you're downvoted. It's good advice. If there are any protests by dems they'll immediately be handled with force and you don't want to get caught in it if you don't want to be caught in it.
Why?
https://youtu.be/gyNv6n5drNE
12:06am ET
You filed bankruptcy over 59k? Bruh..
Mine will be lonelier then usual. I used to hate dinner with the in laws. Now look at us. 

Best to you bro
What happened to leading to this? I’m dying
Except late at night when you can’t sleep and you suddenly remember all those painfully awkward social moments.
Hey that’s me
show me the 8chan sources
[removed]
Please protect this brave autist
You’re delusional and weak minded. I could sit here and pick your sad excuse of an argument apart- but it’s pointless you’ve been lost to the mainstream media. Watching cnn doesn’t make you smart buddy
Trump will definitely win
I had a dream where it's cold and I'm short, got scared

Woke up and it's cold and I'm short
[deleted]
Damn Donnie is funny as fuck though
Most financial advice is fear mongering.

I'm starting to think it's purposely done to keep the masses ignorant and poor.

This stuff is only sustainable if very few people do it. Not if every person does.
You show me a paycheck that retires you at 45 and I come work for you 🙏
If US legalizes everyone else will follow suit soon after
Jobless claims in the US 787,000 instead of the expected 800,000. 🐂💲💹
[removed]
[deleted]
Imagine if he was able to lead the party as well as he’s good at dunking 😍
I believe this will be the one
what time does euro enter the chat?
Whatchu talking about? Seems normal to me....
Fed says they don't want this at all. Accounting for inflation, they are essentially negative on a 2 year. BOE JUST came around....I think it will take more from the FED. Like Dem sweep may render it redundant if we get some serious fiscal.
No shit brains. It just means that there are open jobs and people may need to switch industries
Tbh eagles are pretty shit too lol
>Can't sell what you don't have

I'm confused. I thought this was WSB.
We don't talk about that
VIX twice as green as SPY. get ready.
People vote for incumbents based on how comfortable their own lives are. Material conditions are the ultimate metric for human satisfaction.
The longer it stays flat the higher the chances of mooning because it convinces people that this is the bottom of a dip.
Never bet on an Eagles game. It is always a wild ride.
And Biden isnt?
Also why do people even care about the election? It’s not like we have a say in anything that happens anyways. If you’re in here you’re most likely just an insignificant pleb. Politics don’t effect us
Least he knows the year and that thing... You know the thing.
And get some poon while you’re at it
The crowd started chanting ‘FIRE FAUCI, FIRE FAUCI, FIRE FAUCI!’.
Trump listened and reacted with a face and said, "Don’t tell anybody, but let’s wait til a little bit after the election"
I'll have to check that out, thanks!
On November 3rd, Do we know who will be the president ?Or As some people are saying it may take a week .
Missed a 7 game parlay last because of the ficking falcons losing to Detroit.  Gurley fucked me
That’s where I saw the majority of everything boarded up. 

Yeeesh
I picked up some weed leaps Incase Biden wins. 1/2022 ACB $4c are cheap right now with a huge upside
Europe’s gonna dump us. I can feel it.
He’s been the only reasonable person in his staff lmaoo
https://twitter.com/immortan_jo/status/1323014729149894661?s=21
2185
Can’t wait to watch my money go down tomorrow
Everything priced in, flat stock market for next decade
Thank you, very cool.
11/06 $7 $F Puts.
If you’re not comfortable just leave, everyone needs to understand that you don’t need to do or to stay somewhere if yo don’t want. This does not make you, neither her, bad persons, it’s just that you realise this is not what you expected and that’s complete fine. Just, please, let her know the reason
I'm adding to positions in financials.  If rates stay down I think JPM at a 3.5% dividend is a great deal relatively speaking, and if long term rates bounce financial stocks will rocket up.
I remember a few weeks ago I was telling everybody that $SPCE was about to plummet hard and that the “test flight window” was all bullshit news pumped out by CNBC and everyone laughed at me. Lol fucking idiots
Thank God, let go of Fauci, “don’t wear mask” “wear mask” 🤡
Yeah, she could of done more, but Grant Robertson is the deputy PM so the election was a win for the economy.
[deleted]
Let’s see those positions big boy, and no we don’t give a shit about your $150 worth of otm calls
[deleted]
Putting comments on live looks like thoughts going in and out a crazy persons Brain
[deleted]
It came from a lab.
Hot rolled cheese sounds awesome
🍆💦🏳️‍🌈f a g g o t \~ Reddit admins big gay \~ f a g g o t 🏳️‍🌈💦🍆

🍆💦🏳️‍🌈f a g g o t \~ Reddit admins big gay \~ f a g g o t 🏳️‍🌈💦🍆

🍆💦🏳️‍🌈f a g g o t \~ Reddit admins big gay \~ f a g g o t 🏳️‍🌈💦🍆
bullish af
NNN remember?
North Korea alias Dennis Rodman
Oh shit, if Biden wins we go back to happy holidays right? Son of a...
Yep. I live near Salesforce Dick Tower, many shops have boarded up too. And Costco is running out of toilet paper again.
I would agree usually. This time around though I think it's way bigger than retail influence. There's a lot of institutional hedging going on. I'm sure even people who never look at their account are considering cash gang for now. 

Meanwhile theta gang are the real winners here, laughing at everyone shooting for the stars as we hold our massive 2% gain and risk of getting assigned a slow recovery stock.
Buddy really bet on a team with the worst defense and a 3rd string QB
[deleted]
nah my family across the country from me so my thanksgiving will be lonely. better than 2 years ago. thanksgiving on a carrier somewhere in the middle of the indian ocean
My prediction could not have been more right actually
>Can two people who used to be in love end on good terms and move on wver really be friends afterwards?

>I still have remnant feelings for her somewhat and feel that I can't even see her without feeling a little upset.

>She said she's happy though and plans to move in soon with this person.

SIMPIN AINT EASY BRO. SHE LEFT YOU FOR AN ALPHA MALE. NICE CAR SMALL PENIS SIMPIN OVER A GIRL THAT DOESNT WANT YOU.

lol you're a joke
Theres always more cash, but weather or not more cash will have an effect? Who knows. Investors might want to be in companies that actually make money with products they sell over trading tulips especially if everybody ends up out of work and kicked out of their houses January 1st.
Black line is betting odds. Orange line is Nate Bronze's copium model.
Salty much? I’m 6’5” he wouldn’t be able to get anything close to being able to dunk on me. I was literally talking about a video of him shooting hoops and missing most of his shots, nothing about his politics. Take a walk or jerk off. You got some pent up rage. Lol
Yellow
[removed]
What about cheese from an engine factory? 

Coal rolled cheese, anyone?
ok, got a low key sc film for u called 'the hill' . it's awesome
Good. Fauci has been a disaster.
Looking foward to getting some shares at 50
Yeah true but it’s fucking bullshit
We don’t have others here
Ive seen gayer (much gayer...)
Trump ain’t a bitch like Gore who let himself get fucked. A civil was wouldn’t be so bad, easy win for Trump. People with neon hair are easy to spot plus they don’t believe in guns. In the mean time we can buy the dip
already priced in
Buy guns and steal your neighbors robinhood account. Win win
Ban
Except for last Monday
I know, that guy clearly doesn't trade does he.. ha.
Haha 

Still good profit there

I would vadh it out before election unless you are absolutely sure of some contested election shit
Thanksgiving first pls
More likely down (neg) first. Long way to go before we get out of this hole.
Always
Yes you are
So dumb.
They jugs gotta put some wind farms along the East Coast/Gulf and the hurricanes will generate good electricity. Nothing can possibly go wrong with that
...so you're saying you take issue with someone painting the whole base with a broad brush based on the actions of a select few?

Might want to reread your first comment about the riots lol.
2025
Not with the new supreme court, they are going to make 🌈 puts illegal.
Definitely don't listen to the news/social media. Riots/civil unrest are click bait for the weak minded. Nothing is going to happen, other than maybe a few foot lockers, or dollar stores pilfered.

These poor bastards don't even know who to be angry at and have no clue why they can't afford nutritious food, housing, and health care.
[deleted]
What do they pay tho?
source: trust me bro
You might be in luck since it just broke through $410 and $380. Next stop $330 and then the $250’s
Lol you sound like an ass
[removed]
Cuz the idiot coach logged off after the half
[deleted]
Here for you brotha. I know how it feels to be left out. You’re still a good dude. From the random guy who lost half his account in this stupid sub last week.
since halloween is over, merry christmas
Can’t lie every conservative has been fed this boogey man of every liberal wanting to make this a socialist/communist country. It’s worked pretty well as you can see that’s their main argument to everything
Also "look what they did to my boy VIX"
BINGO!
Key takeaway here: Come rain, shine, or world-ending plague; Mondays are **always** green
CNN did a whole piece on this earlier today. Literally more retarded than WSB takes.
start with yourself. there may be things you're doing that are conveying to them that you don't like being around them

they probably pick up on that, and then exclude you, which makes you feel bad, and then it becomes a negative feedback loop

best thing is to ask them what's up, and tell them what you've noticed that you don't like

it doesn't have to be a heartfelt poem. just speak up a bit
source?
Bruh
If she provides the right stimulus...I'm in
How bout a boot in your ass?
D at the beginning and end is stock symbol. For some reason mods banned it? But they have a split coming up. They manufacture the core components for solar companies. Kinda a miner but no mining, so distribution. Huge win potential, only one I'm bull on. Keep getting blocked for it though... Q

Edit: mid Nov. Split
Vacine month boys and girls
aunty cindy dropped the ball
That’s not happening lol why is this a discussion.
Punched in the face ! Bammmmm
There's gotta be truth behind it. Imagine saying that to someone even jokingly. I know his personality, but that's like..bro what
Are puts okay
We were once a country of radical workers and the owners were the enemy. We had solidarity even in defeat. That all melted away and now it's everyman for himself in a ratrace, tripping over one another to win the bosses' good grace. We've come to worship money. And it's personification is the boss. We now worship the boss in a sado-masochistic/Stockholm -syndromesque relationship. In retrospect is it any wonder that trump got elected?
https://i.imgur.com/d5IjRcF.jpg

Here you go! Keep trying, one day maybe, right? 

Rich, educated "brain dead lefty". You're a broke and a bum. Lol
From Russia With Love
So, does anyone want to talk about when rates might go up again or BAN?
Literally $1k to start selling covered calls on PLTR
Link?
I'm not disagreeing there but I don't think that guaranteed him a re-election. He was always going to be a long shot for re-election but now he has a significantly harder time.
God fucking America is amazing. We literally have reset buttons like a Nintendo game console. How can you not love this country?

No matter the flaws, this shit still fucking rocks.
Just took mango +160!
yea he passed a executive order allowing him to fire anyone on demand
One time in a meeting of 50 people the president of the college frat called me out for acting like a douche while on a cocaine binge. Everyone clapped.

Felt bad man.
Im straddling the fuck outta BAC 11/6 options. Couple  hundred 21p i picked up under 10 cents for the lotto dem landslide sweep.
Not in NY you haven’t
Me after I lose all of my money this week 

https://youtu.be/UVSk4NvsFZE
How did he say it
Feeling like Shrek, just give me a swamp and stay the fook away
Well shit, didn't even make it through one day of no nut November
[deleted]
 Who needs healthcare ? Probably those drivers who died from covid.
Wallstreetbets comments. "creeping up" and "where were you when vix died" are your search criteria
*the gang solves the gas crisis*
He’d dunk on your sorry ass
**I am a bot and this is an automated message:**

Sorry, I found your mention but was not able to extract any options chains on this comment, its parent comments, or the submission. This will be reported to my owner.
Absolutely not buying an engine made in a cheese factory
https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/us/

??

the man spread false info multiple times and now many people are strongly against masks

how are you so ignorant
No no no. The stuff that comes in a wicker basket jug and doesn't have a label because it was definitely smuggled in
I think they banned you for being anti spce.  Sir dick is the true eccentric billionaire to lead us to salvation.
I'm thinking after the election crash, AMD will be a good pickup with their new ryzen line coming out nov 4th.
You still have an asshole, go ahead and find out
No, I don't. And it doesn't matter.
Saw him live. Good show
jpow prints you forgot
The far left will definitely riot. I'm 50/50 on the other half, I'm not so sure the QAnon crowd is just going to peacefully fade away.
Puts on Fauci (Trump just confirmed his termination).
3.3% unemployment in 2019 was p good for the markets
It’ll be less harmful to the market in the long term than half the states (specifically, the blue ones, a.k.a. the ones whose economies are worth a shit) going into lockdown anyway, for even longer, because orange man plugged his ears and screamed until we had 200,000 new cases every day, resulting in the hospitals being overrun (which causes a significant increase in the rate of fatality). THAT is the Trump market come 2021 if his ass is still steering this godforsaken ship.
Lmao what are you even talking about? 

>Maybe 4 toyotas at MSRP could afford mine.

So the toyotas would be buying your car? That doesn't make any sense.

I dont even own a toyota lol. You might have a nice car but you're a braindead lefty.
So it's not just me
Ah yes, the ole using one town in Wisconsin with a new factory or an old one with   churn and burn staffing policy  to the say the countries unemployment seems incorrect trope. 


Bold strategy cotton
So buy gun and ammo stocks?
It’s all your old shitty positions
[deleted]
Polling is different this time around. On top of that there's very few swing voters like there was in 16.  It's going to be all about turnout and that seems to be trending to the Dems. Republicans have their base. They're loud and most importantly they vote in very high percentages. The problem is Trump has not grown that base in his 4 years, and the soft supporters he did have in 16 have swung to Biden. Mostly referring to older white voters.

The only unforseen circumstance that will allow Trump to win is if his support among black and Latino youth is vastly understated, and if those groups show up in record numbers. Somehow Trump has gotten a decent amount of growth from them.

The simple fact is Trump has to win all 4 states that Biden has strong and steady leads in (NC, FL, AZ, and PA) and prevent Biden from winning any one of Texas, Ohio, and Georgia which only have 2 or 3 point Trump leads. He's going to have to cheat. I just don't see any way around it.
Game was so close then BOOM
Is being priced in, priced in?
Everyones saying it’s gonna go down that means its gonna go up
Ya, the people so say they can perfectly time the market are hilarious. 

Ya... Op can do that... That's why he's posting this on reddit instead of just making perfect trades every day and being a multi trillionaire....
You’re joking but still pause
Try Preparation-H.
The other guy/gal is right. Many stock markets never recovered to their former glory. It happens when the country is in decline. Japan never went back to their 1989 highs. Learn some history man. You making men look like idiots.
Yeaaa up 350% on a UVXY call. Pissed it was a position I took with the 300 I had left after buying my index puts lol
Did I say anywhere they are exclusively the reason we’re in this mess? No. You, however did say that no republican has been the cause of any violence throughout this shitshow and I merely pointed out thats a fallacy. Yeah okay man,  and with that logic how were there so many trump lovers able to go surround that dumbass bus in texas on a whim? shouldn’t every single one of them been at their place of “gainful employment” ya know because it was during the middle of the workday. Oh wait they were too busy trying to start a war.
Yessir lockdowns across Europe  obviously put a dent into oil demand
Hahahah
Is vix up or down where to see
Might’ve been just a little light hearted joke with a bit of truth sprinkled behind it. Opt out if you want or talk to him or someone in the group about it. Weddings are a dread anyways
Carlo Rossi? I’ve seen that shit as cheap as $5
Or Titus Sassell you have to say it out loud to get it
[removed]
I know lmfao
Yes also plastic, engines, orthopedics
People thinking pornhub can’t ipo don’t realize that pornhub is owned by MindGeek, so MindGeek ipo’ing is basically pornhub ipo’ing
Call on George Soros riot army helping my puts print!
Solar already popped bro. It absolutely cratered a week ago or so
He could've said literally anything else, why would he say that . That they don't have to include me in the dance. Bro I'm actually pissed off now /sad
Isn't that a Rob Zombie song?  "Dig through the ditches, burn through the witches, my asshole itches....DRAGULA!!!"  Something like that.
Fergie wassup bb
I was so confused as to who "says my name" was, I didn't know what you meant.
I'm starting to get nervous actually. Like all of wsb is bear. To many autist know. Usually never works.
Nicaragua as Seymour Cox
surely you mean < (less than), not > (greater than).
Yeah a cult that got thinned the fuck out in September and October. I say this as the guy who bought at the high and stopped drinking the punch the day before ER (thank god).
Priced in
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'd break your jaw fuckface. Want my address in NJ. Come visit me man. 

Bring your Toyota
noted. thanks
Sounds like your overthinking it. Just chill and enjoy yourself. Life is meaningless after all. Who the fuck really cares.. one day you won’t even fucking remember any of this
You guys know those jugs of wine that the bodega sells for like 15$? Ya. Sweet investment. I have been drunk since friday afternoon on dope portuguese wine and have only gone through like 1/5th of the jug. 

Makes watching futures candles way easier
This is the gayest thing ive ever seen on here and that’s saying something
Thanks got it
biden will win decisively on election night or I'll buy 100 SPY 500c jan2021
Thank you I spent a whole 15 minutes on it I expect nothing less than 420 awards
He’s like the Grateful Dead of ppl who hate the Grateful Dead
Awesome thank you!
financial district in San Fransisco is all boarded up in prep for elections lol.
Only bullshitting.  On a real note, don’t keep company with anyone that disrespects you.  Ever.
That would be sad. Do disagree tho, it’s been following the market with no indication of individually being targeted to sell.  If the market goes back up, so will apple.
Wanna bet on that?
I’m not giving up my name or location.  Nice try credit agency!
[deleted]
Bro, you got F’d in the A
yEs
Jonny English
Thanks dude.
Hahaha yeah. It's almost like a hierarchy it's so weird. The core guys have known each other since birth, I've known then for 10 years or so..
Ya, DXY is positively correlated with Vix too. Plus Europe lockdown is crushing EUR and GBP to add fuel to it.
Spending all his money on car repairs and not ink cartridges smh
I am not a guy retard.
Bang the bride
what the market is about to do to perma-bulls and dip buyers

https://twitter.com/bIakejmorgan/status/1323042215762010113?s=20
The question is if those bitties flap
LMAO. R/Toyota!? 

how poor are you kid. Should I go downstairs with a time stamp and today's newspaper to show you my car? Maybe 4 totyotas at MSRP could afford mine. I'd happily run downstairs to show you. Curious? 🙃

Seriously tho. What is it? A celica? Camry? Lolol. 

I cannot believe you're even talking to me. Such a bitch haha. Some poor fuck in r/conservative.
Is it a cheese factory?
Im planning to short big techs right now.... Rally should be at the end of year.
bot lives matter.
[deleted]
market won’t crash jpow will print to save the day
Weddings are for bears. Bang his mom before the wedding
don't encourage him
Lmaooo :(
Same thing happened to its stock the last stock split...Give names started dumping it.
election nonsense in other words

just another election in modern day america
> I think he only invited me cause like 5 years ago, we all did a dance for my sister's wedding

you've been an outsider for 5 years with this group?

either you're putting them off, or they don't like you for whatever reasons, or both

if you want to get closer to them, talk about it with them. tell them you feel excluded

otherwise, find another group
You’re only an outsider if you act like an outsider. This type of thing is the perfect opportunity to change all that and grow a meaningful bond with these guys...

Unless you actually don’t like them as people and you see no benefit in maintaining those relationships. If that’s the case then opt out of the dance and never look back again
[deleted]
Sorry, I made that up. I forget the exact phrase he used even though I played back the scene in my head so many times.
Cocaina & shroom.
BAN
I think you’re confused about what sub you’re on
What a D
Man I would be so scared of you in the street. You really are a tough guy.
Shut up u/pickbot is your daddy
But he got elected in 81
100% of my portfolio is sitting in PCG right now... 

Don't ask me for smart financial advice.
Trump rails Ivanka while Jared watches.
>ver dance you want..you can even disclude "says my name" from the dance if you want.. "everyone gives a slight laugh" i put on the fakest smile and man... I'm thinking of opting out. I felt so disrespected. Thanks for reading. Left out a lot of m

damn that's saad bruh
Dudes been practicing since hitting all those bricks when he was still prez
Their strategies work because they have a bunch of subscribers following their advice.
You will be fine dude.
rue = regret

username and posting doesn't match

you confused brother?
Isn’t that why autopilot was invented
Just left Wisconsin visiting family and a town of 60k people has 4K in open factory  jobs. Maybe unemployment is just bad in the service sector
It’s a solid company. Second distribution center just opened. Online traffic through the roof.
If you declare bankruptcy, there is a maximum amount of money you can make each year, and you wont be able to get so much as a credit card, never mind a vehicle loan or house loan for like 7 years.

This means you will be guaranteed to be living on like 25k a year, no matter how fuckin smart you might be.
This
We had a record hot year. Hottest year in the past 100. I am a big optimist though, so I like to think of it as the coolest year in the next 100 years :3
I think vega is in the drivers seat this week. Theta gang lives at 30-45 DTE
Oil is going to the dirt. I'm  pretty far from an analyst, I'm just speculating
the dip already happened last week, the market now reacts 1 week early
Lol I’m seeing a lot comments about “x is about to happen”, however, it’s already happened and the market already priced it in. Someone said something about Germany locking down but this was announced last week. No one here has a clue what’s gonna fucking happen.
With oil down other currency’s that are somewhat based with oil is down as well leading the dollar up.
Tis true.
What happened in 1987 that caused this
You south Asian bro?  Man fuck that guy. Can you whip out a red dildo during the dance?  Or have it fall out of your jacket
That’s why your a lefty
profit off of stop losses, sold to them by RH
Lol ok how?
she's too old to get wet
If you think disclude is a word, I wouldn’t want you in my dance party either.
Resistance at 320
Lock downs will delay the inevitable... COVID isn't going away. We need to learn to deal with it not lock down the country and hide.
VIRGIN VIRGIN HERE!
Orange man say me no care
This sounds like when I take viagra
Buy a hit-man. Strangles on OP.
Dix enlargen from the sweet kiss of the vix
Thunderball > goldfinger
Nah Jared only likes middle eastern schlong plastic doesn’t cut it for him
Some of the Trump supporters are "ignorant racist proud boys and not normal people", and some of them certainly are crazy enough to be rioting.
It's all good man. We are all a community here. All trying to claw ourselves back from the massive losses we've taken. 

You opt out and don't be a part of a group that doesn't want you. It's never worth it to do that
Sounds like a giant douche
Anything but an annoying ass Twitter blogger
Green Monday confirmed
They are getting a million by screwing 10000 people on $100 .
Thunderball
Gonna get extended.
The real question is which put strike is the best vanna trap for bears
Bruh
I know shit about crayons

My position is based on US election giving us a clear winner by next week and Dollar tanking back due to reduced uncertainty and higher stimulus hopes. Only thing I am scared about is contested, unclear election
Lmfao. Yo man... Cmon
Bullshit, rent-free if you have none!
Spy puts 🚀
I think it’s because of China 🇨🇳
No if there is a dip it isn't recovering as fast. Basic game theory.
It was a peaceful protest. Corona can't spread during those.
i’m 85% sure ivanka pegs jared
No they are not...
Like WSB is already on full tard mode but this daily chat is just another level
short squeeze , priced in
Entrapment for dat phat ass shot 🍑
[deleted]
Drop it like a bad habit
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. Just so you know, the correct spelling is [Gandhi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahatma_Gandhi).
Or softbrain
What da fuq sub you think this is.  Take that shit to TwoXChromosomes
So inverse OK
Diabetes?
The weather underground was like 30 ppl
https://www.instagram.com/p/CHBwzG9LtMQ/?igshid=1qvvav8xk6scz
He’s over there officer 👉🏽👮‍♀️
[removed]
Ghandi, or Sitting Bull?
Just keep holding at this point. Patience will pay off
stonks movin like me pp
9k?
Maybe... Lezbear?
So apple to $16.977 billion a share
You wish
Ok so everytime the market drops it’s just totally 100% random.
[deleted]
Of voter suppression?
Come back when you’ve taken basic high school civics retard.
Neo is filming for Matrix 4
If you squint that looks like a penis and balls rainbow
From Russia With Love. I find Goldfinger overrated, tbh.
Texas lockdown. California Lockdown. New Jersery lockdown, NY lockdown... everything lockdown.
red or blue, cuhh?
I like her vibe
what part of utah u in?
Truth. 

Presidential elections already ruin 25% of Halloween parties.
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
My play is supposed to work in a clear winner situation no matter. Am I wrong to assume that ?
Maybe try Grindr
Amazon only has 498 million outstanding shares. Aapl has 16.977 billion.
Honestly no, alot of this rally came from confidence that the fed can do anything. If we continue to crash then investors will lose confidence in the fed.
Entrapment
Whole selloff felt like that past Thursday after tech beat big tbh. Seemed like a sell off to induce fear and big money swooping in to to take cheap shares after the chaos. Sell now retail so you can buy high later!!!
Europoors in, how come we ain't blood red yet?? wtf
This amuses me.
Water comes out of my sink.
The Rock

But srsly tho From Russia
The amount of lawsuits that site will have will be insane.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sorry to hear that homie. Do you have kids?
Go deeper into my post history it'll depress a poor pleb fuck like you. 

When Biden wins I'll show you the winning ticket and Venmo you $100 cuz you're by pet bitch
This seems extremely stupid to just "get a loan to pay it off".  

It is not hard at all to fake paying it off.  Get an "auto loan", buy a shit car, then use that money left over like 3 payments to pay off student loans.  Do the same thing but with a credit card, and so on and so forth.  Dont be like 1.  Take out 100k loan.  2.  Pay 100k to student debt people.  That's too easy to prove lol.  Ruin your credit in various ways over the course of about a year, and pay it all off, then itll make your lawyers job waaaaay easier to not have to argue what he was doing.  The idea is to make it hard to find the money.
Casino royale
I'm kind of the outsider in a group of friends. One of the guys is getting married and asked guys to dance at his wedding. A few said no and like 10 said yes. So he made 2 teams of 5 so we get 2 dances...we all kind of joke around and like I said I consider myself kind of the outsider of the group..but yesterday he came to our first practice to set everything up and here's the punchline... He replies jokingly at sometime in the night "oh man I'm just here to watch..you guys run the show and do whatever dance you want..you can even disclude "says my name" from the dance if you want.. "everyone gives a slight laugh" i put on the fakest smile and man... I'm thinking of opting out. I felt so disrespected. Thanks for reading. Left out a lot of minor details but this is  a big decision for me. I think he only invited me cause like 5 years ago, we all did a dance for my sister's wedding...so he felt obligated to invite me to be part of the dance. I haven't told this to anyone but I'm posting here IDK WHY
Sure retard. It is a shiny-ass, yellow metal with a consistent stonks graph that saves you from a bumpy ass market that is fucked up by bombardment of tweets.
BULLS WILL RUE THE DAY
they gon be waitin bout 2 weeks, son
the dollar just broke out of a months long wedge 
https://www.tradingview.com/i/5G92eFhQ/
lol wtf?  I’m stupid for not believing the market will never recover? Are you serious? Get out of here.
Uh oh, he’s tweeting. Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!
Link plz
I’ve never heard of that ticker before, what exchange is CASH listed under and how do I yolo my ROTH IRA into it?
If Biden does a clean sweep of Texas, FL, NC, GA, and AZ, I'll yolo my entire life savings on NIO calls
shes hot
good bot
Do what Taiwan did and actually stop the spread without shutdowns
[removed]
Goldfinger aside, what do you guys think is Connery's best Bond film?
So like 7 deaths?
AAPL is not just a stock it’s a cult
might happen but I think personally it's going to be a landslide if the polls are only different by less than 15 percent and we know which side is not going to admit their affiliation/be more likely to vote in person.
dont lie, youd let pelosi urinate on you then slurp up the box spread...
Well it seems like more people on WSB think Biden will win, so statistically speaking it’s going to be Trump by a landslide...
Wooof dude I'm glad I'm not this retarded.
Link or ban
Head over to Ireland and your name should be Lord Rupert Everton and you’ll be a shipping merchant.
You guys ever wondered if you were a girl if you would like sex with a dude?

*puts down bong*

Me neither
[deleted]
Meal team six has a lot of guns and explosives compared to the rest of the citizenry.
Dua lipa
Fuck you bot
They’re in a 4 week lockdown com’on man
[removed]
A Biden win would be a bigger pump though? Dem trifecta = big stimulus.
Let’s gooo!!!
Dudes got a dedicated base
